Sweet , inspiring story tween girls will love .
This dumb-as-a-stump teen girl coming-of-age movie envisions a high school physics geek -LRB- Michelle Trachtenberg -RRB- who turns into an ice skating pro as a result of her knowledge of physics .
Pure formula , but nevertheless an enjoyable triple klutz .
It 's not a masterpiece by any stretch of the imagination , but neither is it a sustenance-free afternoon at the Ice Capades
A história e a protagonista têm seu charme , mas a direção esquemática de Fywell e o roteiro repleto de clichês praticamente anulam o potencial do filme .
... things are so routine we can guess every action a cliché in advance .
. . while star Michelle Trachtenberg delivers a sincere , engaging performance , there 's not a whole lot here to hold the interest of anyone outside the film 's target demographic .
Seems like a lot we have seen before , but it is still a good clean movie of finding your dream ? Come and find out as she battles with the best .
It 's formulaic stuff , but the film treats the conflicts seriously and possesses a sweet demeanor .
Though Disney 's incessant promotion of Hilary Duff has made casual moviegoers run from teen-girl flicks as fast as they can , Ice Princess may bring a few back .
Little girls may go for this sort of thing . They wo n't notice the clunky pacing or the drippy dialogue or the limp plot or the stiff , awkward cameos .
While Ice Princess does n't exactly deliver any surprises -- you can easily guess how it will end -- the movie does n't always go where you expect it to , either .
The Ice Princess is exactly the kind of film Disney made its reputation on ...
Ice Princess , though somewhat clichéd , combines the fire of passion for a dream with the frost of unscrupulous reality .
Rife with cliches and sentimentality .
Mean Girls on Ice
The movie 's qualities are unexpectedly refreshing , making for a nice little entertainment that says something worth saying .
Among chick-competition movies , Bring It On still takes the gold ; Ice Princess would be lucky to place
Pity the poor father or the younger brother forced to tag along and watch this mediocre piece of marketing to the Cinderella set
Aside from the extraordinary implausible nature of the plot , and the infinite string of cliches , Trachtenberg is surprisingly adorable , even though she has absolutely no chemistry with relative newcomer Blumas .
The surprisingly twisty plot skates along with zero friction , giving new meaning to ` Disney on Ice . '
Initial weaknesses leave it standing squarely on the silver medalist platform .
The film glides smoothly on the beauty and charm of Michelle Trachtenberg .
There are far too many cringe-inducing clichés and gaping plot holes .
They went for the triple , but barely landed a double .
For young girls and their parents - oh , let 's be honest : their moms - the fact that you go in pretty much knowing how it 's going to end is part of the comfort factor .
`` Ice Princess '' wo n't leave you cold .
In short , this is a tale about the joys of disappointing your mother . Something we all can identify with .
Funny how things never work out like you think they should . Ice Princess is n't just a surprise , it 's a wonder , and I could n't help but bask in blissful happiness as I watched it delicately unfold .
A mildly entertaining trifle with the lousy premise that a student with high promise as a physicst should forego a Harvard scholarship to become an ice skater . Shame on Disney
Though formulaic , this one has dazzling exhibitions of ice skating with characters who are neither all good nor all bad .
Corny as it must be , Ice Princess is bolstered by Trachtenberg 's appealing mix of eagerness and grace .
Michelle Trachtenberg is a revelation both on and off the ice .
Ice Princess is the Million Dollar Baby of figure skating movies . Michelle Trachtenberg makes Hilary Swank look like Hilary Duff .
Stumbles and falls every time the movie is n't on the ice . And come to think of it , it does a good deal of stumbling and falling when it is on the ice .
The movie does have a strong sense of the special charisma and beauty of these young demons of grace who ride the thin line between dance and sport with unerring precision .
Trachtenberg is thoroughly believable , an unspoiled charmer . Her rise from clumsy girl to someone brimming with confidence and the author of one heckuva physics project , she 's a pretty cool princess to root for .
Watching this week 's world figure skating championships in Moscow , one wonders why the scriptwriters went to such artificial lengths . There 's drama enough in the sport as it is .
The film 's utterly predictable dialogue and plot developments will leave most viewers cold . Ice-struck preteens are , of course , the exceptions .
A savvier movie -LRB- and script -RRB- might have been able to mix some grays into its black and white palette .
A cut above most pictures of its type .
Jokes are simple , crises soft , payoffs insanely predictable , and physics is left in the dust where theorems count their quarks . But Trachtenberg rules as lovable princess .
If you want the real deal , stay home and catch the world championships on ESPN this weekend .
We get that the heroine is geeky -LRB- laying groundwork for the duck-to-swan transformation -RRB- , but must she babble physics formulas at parties ?
It does n't score high in degree of difficulty . But it is technically flawless , and artistically it sticks the landing .
Take the teen makeover template , add ice , and you 've got the latest piece of pandering entertainment from Walt Disney Pictures .
If you like a big slice of Disney cheese , you 'll have fun . If not , stay home .
If you 're wondering which way the movie is going , note that it is n't called Quadratic Equation Princess .
Although this is the kind of entertainment designed to send its audience home happy , Ice Princess has its share of stinging moments and has a good deal more edge than one might have expected .
Enjoy Ice Princess for the female-fantasy-comes-true it is , and save the bigger discussion for the car ride home .
Poor , suffering child ; if something does n't change , and fast , she might wind up studying physics at Harvard .
The acting is at a higher level than in most teen flicks , thus giving Ice Princess the chance to land a triple Lutz and please its femme fans .
This is a safe , edgeless cinematic after-school special .
You probably could sit down right now and , were you so inclined , re-create the script to a word , and if you changed a few lines , that would be no great loss .
Harvard President Lawrence Summers recently touched off a firestorm by speculating on why more girls do n't display an interest in science . He might consider Tim Fywell 's Ice Princess Exhibit A.
Likable but poorly crafted .
The Mouse House factory churns out more cute with Ice Princess ... you may have to go get our teeth checked for fear of getting cavities from all the syrupy sweetness .
All the parents in Ice Princess are pushy . Pushy-pushy-pushy . All the teens are squeaky clean . Squeaky-squeaky-squeaky .
May not be Olympic gold , but its message scores no matter who 's judging .
Trachtenberg gives a sweetly compelling performance as Casey , as does the wonderfully kooky Cusack as her mother , but their charms ca n't save this painfully unoriginal movie from coming out of a triple toe loop and landing flat on its bottom .
Ice Princess proves that it 's still possible to teach an old formula a few new tricks .
The movie paints such a gentle picture of the figure skating world that neither we nor Joan can stay resentful for long .
The movie works . I started by clicking off the obligatory scenes , and then somehow the film started to get to me , and I was surprised how entertained I was .
Graceful and teen-empowering , proving dreams can come true
-LSB- There are -RSB- a few conflicts ... but none the girl-power fairytale script ca n't solve with clichés .
Deals with a surprising number of complexities for a G-rated film . Even if does n't address all of them satisfactorily , the attempt lifts the film 's scores for artistic merit .
... they do what you should as filmmakers , which is to entertain your target audience ... sufficient fare for little girls .
An agreeable , unexpected charmer . It can not snap cliché in two , but at least it has the desire to bend formula a little .
a comedy-drama that will charm young girls and may even amuse their somewhat older chaperones .
Call it an upset or a pleasant surprise , but Ice Princess will leave you far from cold .
Was the world really crying out for The Mighty Ducks meets The Princess Diaries ?
If you need someone to take on the horror film juggernaut of The Ring Two , it might as well be Buffy Jr. . Ice Princess is a pleasant diversion
Parents and kids should be heartened to see a G-rated movie that is not dumbed-down or saccharine-sweet .
Manages to execute surprisingly well .
... may have a preposterous premise , but it should appeal to the same mother/daughter audience that flocked to the similarly titled `` Diaries . ''
This tweener fantasy of athletic glory frantically tries to balance a decent sense of values against a market-savvy awareness .
The only thing wrong with Ice Princess is that I am not enough of a 14-year-old girl to appreciate it .
Ice Princess sticks closely to the mold of other sports flicks , but there is a tenderness and refreshing lack of compromise assembled from its spare parts .
High school physics never had such a cool payoff .
A film about teens discovering and pursuing their dreams . It 's an oldie but a goodie as far as film ideas go .
The delight of Ice Princess is that there 's more to every character than meets the eye .
the nicest surprise is that after a spate of `` mean girl '' movies , this one gives us a character who competes with Casey but is honest , loyal , and supportive .
Trite but nice , this enjoyable comedy-drama has good-spirited warmth toward almost all its characters .
Falls on its butt as often as it lands a perfect turn , but its perseverance ultimately pays off with a win not only for the film , but the audience as well .
This follow-your-bliss charmer treats female achievement with such grace and seriousness , one almost forgives the malice of its portrayal of single mothers as rabid stage moms .
Pre-teen girls may very well enjoy ` Ice Princess , ' but as I do n't belong to that particular demographic , it pretty much left me cold .
The movie carries out its generic , almost ritualized narrative with honest sentiment and engaging warmth .
If Casey is such a physics whiz , why could n't she have whipped up a formula for a better movie ?
The figure-skating sequences thud instead of zing , as though photographed by a hippo in house slippers .
Its required elements merit only a 4.8 , but it gets solid 5s for presentation .
The characters have a depth that is missing in most clichéd sports films .
Wanting to skate does n't mean Casey ca n't go to Harvard -- or , God forbid , defer a year or two . But the movie overlooks that , choosing instead to try to wring high drama where none naturally exists .
Might have better served the young girls who will love it , and their pushy parents , if Casey had been a little less perfect .
Personally , I hope the press notes for Ice Princess will be the only ones this year to include the phrase `` hunky zamboni driver , '' but you just never know .
OK , here 's how we 're going to do this : I 'll describe the central characters in Disney 's new ice-skating flick , Ice Princess , and you guess the plot . Multiple choice . Take your time . Be smart . Go .
Ice Princess is pretty decent as a schlocky tween empowerment movie ...
Ice Princess is carried by the subtle and shining performance of Michelle Trachtenberg .
Even for an ugly-duckling-makes-good fairy tale , Ice Princess seems to stretch believability a tad too far .
All the other females around Casey know exactly what they want . And each is gently but firmly punished for it , as if such desire were unladylike .
It 's not the most original of concepts I know , but Trachtenberg is so likable in the lead role , that you ca n't help but root for her .






@highlight

This likable Disney film gets points for effort , but ca n't stick the landing when it comes to originality .