A slightly tacky horror picture which makes quite an impact ; partly , I suspect , by ingeniously playing off its own limitations .
It 's tame of course by today 's standards , but that , combined with he cynical racial component , was viewed as an all-out attack on `` civilized '' American society in general .
What 's truly remarkable is how , after half a century and an uncountable number of zombie films , novels , comics , TV shows , and video games , you can watch the original Night of the Living Dead and it still feels fresh and terrifying .
Combined with Romero 's political commentary is a cinematic aesthetic that arguably outstrips its sequels in both craft and effectiveness .
Night of the Living Dead -LRB- 1968 -RRB- is the first genuinely modern horror movie , shot more like a documentary of the apocalypse than the Gothic horrors that defined the sixties , and it bled right into the fabric of the culture .
A landmark of American cinema . Intentional or not , the film 's sociopolitical content remains as potent as ever .
All in all , Night of the Living Dead is obviously just as marvellous as it 's always been .
The immediate , quasi-documentary feel , a result of budgetary constraints , actually served the film 's horror , jolting audiences because it all seemed just a little too real .
Carve -LSB- s -RSB- open the guts of American culture , using violence and even the horror genre itself as a tool rather than an end .
If -LSB- Romero 's -RSB- original vision of the undead looks dulled by today 's standards , his embedded political commentary on racism feels just as sharp .
Director George A Romero redefined the meaning of horror for fear-sated audiences in the 1960s with this seminal classic .
Subjects us to the kind of unrelenting nightmare we only wish we could wake up from .
It 's pitch perfect in writing , mood , and scares , and still holds up to scrutiny , no matter how harsh .
It 's a virulent portrait of an America in flux and decay , from the flag billowing near the graveyard at the start to its disturbing depiction of a lynch-mob mentality . But Night also transcends its period through sheer intensity .
The original and the best .
`` Night of the Living Dead '' became a seminal film without being a particularly good one . It nudged horror movies away from creepy-but-family-friendly into adult films featuring gruesome violence and nihilistic overtones .
Oft-copied zombie classic is still intense and gory .
The racial subtext spoke volumes in 1968 . Once the zombies start knocking , only a fool would cling to segregation .
Romero saw the enemy , and they are the zombie masses among us . There is nowhere safe to hide .
One of the most nightmarish films ever made , and one that 's still hard to laugh off today .
Although pic 's basic premise is repellent -- recently dead bodies are resurrected and begin killing human beings in order to eat their flesh -- it is in execution that the film distastefully excels .
George Romero set a new standard for horror with this low-budget opus .
This little seat-of-the-pants regional production chewed up and spit out taboos like raw meat in a feral feeding frenzy .
Arguably the greatest horror film ever made - and one of the greatest in any genre - ` Night ' is also the ultimate B-movie .
There 's a brute force in Night of the Living Dead that catches one in the throat .
Seldom have so many pundit parses and public praises owed so much to so little as in the case of the career-launching ` Night of the Living Dead . '
A quarter of a century old and it is still absolutely terrifying .
George Romero 's remarkably assured debut , made on a shoestring , about a group of people barricaded inside a farmhouse while an army of flesh-eating zombies roams the countryside , deflates all genre clichés .
Over its short , furious course , the picture violates so many strong taboos -- cannibalism , incest , necrophilia -- that it leaves audiences giddy and hysterical .
I felt real terror in that neighborhood theater last Saturday afternoon . I saw kids who had no resources they could draw upon to protect themselves from the dread and fear they felt .
This is horror at its most probing , subversive and socially aware , with a truly harrowing ending that reveals the dangers of misdirected fear and prejudice .
Chuckle , if you can , during the first few minutes ; because after that laughter catches in the throat as the clammy hand of terror tightens its grip .
One of the best films ever made , and possibly the most influential horror movie of all time .
A doozie .
The grandaddy of them all . Created a whole new genre '
A tightly-edited , claustrophobically-framed horror film that retains , along with its relevance , its ability to startle and appall .
The latest `` Ultimate Edition '' features a digitally colourised version as well as an audio commentary by Mike Nelson .
Maybe the best movie ever made in Pittsburgh .
Sorry , but it really is n't that scary in this day and age .
Night of the Living Dead happens to rank squarely with the greatest films ever made , period .
Ainda hoje permanece como um dos melhores do gênero .
Landmark horror film somewhat blunted by bad acting .
The dialogue and background music sound hollow , as if they had been recorded in an empty swimming pool , and the wobbly camera seems to have a fetishist 's interest in hands .
This film managed to successfully mesh the concepts of flesh-eating zombies , isolation , and global panic realized on a claustrophobic and intimate scale .
A spare , disturbing classic .
It 's the anticipation of horrible scenarios that makes the film work so well .
I ca n't underrate its intangible ability to bypass my rationale and lunge straight at my subconscious . When it 's really cooking , it 's the scariest film I 've ever seen .
This disc is done right !
There is a resounding lack of sentimentality that cuts through the death and chaos , as a desperate bunch of people fight to stay alive .
it is gory , it is scary , and it is one of the most unrelenting , effective , and socially meaningful horror films ever made .
Gets under your skin and burrows into your blood and psyche .
Shocks come from the way in which Romero repeatedly presents a clichéd situations in which we think we know what 's going on , only for Romero to pull out the rug from underneath , thereby producing a greater shock .
It 's the funniest but most real-looking horror film ever made .









@highlight

George A. Romero 's debut set the template for the zombie film , and features tight editing , realistic gore , and a sly political undercurrent .