I laughed so hard I almost injured myself . My distinguished colleague fell out of his chair .
Crosses the blue line so often you 're compelled to pin it against the boards and administer a quick knee to the groin .
The result is a 92-minute misconduct penalty .
As the brutality ramps up , and the story gains real consequence , for some reason , we actually laugh harder . Goon is a comedy , often a very funny one , but you might be hesitant to call it that once you 've actually seen it .
A disarmingly sweet descendant of the blood-on-the-ice classic Slap Shot .
It 's the kind of small-budget comedy that earns your goodwill early and easily , even if it is n't breaking new ground or transcending its readily apparent monetary constraints .
Scott , never known for being choosy about his roles , actually has ended up in a sweet little movie .
This so-called hockey thug is actually a nice guy and I found myself rooting for him to knock those other players out . This film is based on a true story .
An appealing low-brow farce going at full speed to capture in its cartoonish presentation the cliches , macho dynamics , violence and fights of minor league hockey players .
What we end up with is a film that just is n't interesting , entertaining , or funny .
Goon will definitely provide an entertaining diversion from the February blahs and may even leave you cheering for more .
The bloodier the film gets , the sweeter Scott 's lion-hearted enforcer seems , cheerfully taking pucks and sticks and skates to the face with a smile , all in the service of his beloved team .
Liberally peppered with profanities and comedic hockey-related violence , Goon finds plenty to laugh at in the coarse words and antics of athletes .
Goon is a remarkably sweet , shockingly violent and incredibly enjoyable movie that ranks up there as one of the best hockey films ever made .
a film about honor , love and loyalty that transcends its subject matter and can connect to a larger audience if they give it a chance
This proves we do n't need a remake of ` Slap Shot . ' Funny and violent , ` Goon ' is a very good sports movie .
Exuberantly off-color , bloody , and frequently laugh - 'til - you-choke hilarious .
Profane , bloody , and sophomoric , it 's a comic adrenaline rush with a surprisingly sweet heart .
-LSB- Scott -RSB- is reason enough to see the film , which otherwise is a by-the-book sports comedy .
Main character as endearing as he is brutal
Loveable lug finds his calling as a hockey fighter
The best hockey comedy since ` Slap Shot . '
The picture captures the crude , raucous locker-rrom spirit of ` Slap Shot ' with surprising jollity , and it 's peopled with amusing characters , all played with relish .
The movie 's unlikely sincerity ca n't completely offset its ugliness for less bloodthirsty viewers , but it helps , and it does smooth over some narrative rough edges .
Scott gives a wonderfully economical performance that anchors this fast-paced outing .
... a fresh , new sports comedy that may have a measure of cliché , but the filmmakers overwhelm it in a power play that scores .
It is easily the best hockey movie since Miracle , for whatever that 's worth .
Goon captures the humanity of the brutal - and uplifting - game of hockey that is identified so strongly with Canada . It 's no coincidence that actually , Jay Baruchel has a tattoo of a maple leaf over his heart .
Schreiber is sublime . The Shakespearean actor , donning a 70 's era handlebar , gives his enforcer a Zen quality when he 's not punching out rivals . Brilliant casting brings abundant rewards .
easily the one of the most original , compelling , and irresistible characters to hit movie screens this year , and he appears in a film that is hard to pigeonhole , which is one of its many virtues
The characters in `` Goon '' are so pure and honest , the movie sails through on momentum , like a well-placed slap shot .
Goon skates just far enough away from the normal `` guy overcomes adversity to achieve his dreams '' story to make it an entertaining watch .
The movie is harsh , nasty and vulgar like you would n't believe . And often , it 's hilarious .
Doug becomes a character you really root for .
... you have to wonder about a film that wants to emulate the outrageousness of `` Slapshot '' but feels the need to warm the audience 's heart .
It 's an underdog story that does n't take itself too seriously , tender as a bruise and about as blue .
Two winning underdog sports movies for the price of one .
George Roy Hill 's classic Slap Shot may still hold the title as the quintessential hockey comedy , but Goon certainly deserves to be mentioned in its company , juggling charm and grit and raunch and bloody teeth with assuredness and aplomb .
Seann William Scott gives a surprisingly engaging , even sweet performance as the title character in the brutal , raunchy hockey comedy .
Bashed heads and shattered teeth on ice may not seem the likeliest premise for comedy , but real , consistent laughs are nonetheless generated in this fresh sports raunch-fest .
While well-intentioned , and Seann William Scott does a bang-up job , the tone of the film swings as wide as a hockey stick .
Bloody sports dramedy about brutal life of hockey enforcer
A consistently funny and heartfelt tribute to small-town Canadian hockey that shows obvious affection for its subject and characters .
Goon is like a hockey enforcer cartoon with heart , over-the-top and brilliant ...
In the end , it 's the less high-scoring offspring of the 1977 classic Slap Shot , but to even mention it in that movie 's company is praise enough .
All it wants is slapstick violence and `` Slap Shot '' profanity . And it delivers both - albeit not much else .
What 's somewhat surprising is you do n't have to give a hoot about hockey to enjoy the movie . This is just a guy living his dream : Hitting people .
`` Goon '' easily takes the title of second-best hockey comedy I 've ever seen .
It 's every bit as sharp and funny as Slap Shot .
Scott is n't bad : He sells the comedy of his character 's ingrained politeness as much as the aggression . But `` Goon '' feels like a movie starring a gimmick , not a person .
The fact that a movie as harsh and despicable as `` Goon '' can be promoted as a comedy says terrible things about the state of the American film industry .
Behind the film 's brass knuckles are tender fingers .
It 's made with affection both for the ritual of hockey fights and the strain of sports movies that care more about wisecracks and pranks than winning the big game .
Goon is crude , violent and deeply enjoyable .
-LSB- Scott is -RSB- a talented actor , and it 's worth checking out his new dramedy just to get a sense of his wide-ranging skills .
There 's a bit of `` Slap Shot '' and a bit of `` Dodgeball '' in `` Goon , '' although it is n't as sharp as either of those films .
A hilarious , foulmouthed comedy that 's deceptively sweet -- a portrait of a bruiser who knows when to strike and when he deserves to be struck .
It 's the rare hockey movie to approach violence head-on , without hectoring or hand-wringing , as an essential element of the sport , not some inhumane sideshow .
The best thing about `` Goon '' is not the hockey action , or who wins and who loses . It 's Doug 's rags-to-riches story .
When Seann William Scott uses his fists , he 's a star .
Seann William Scott is the best comic Neanderthal in Hollywood , and he 's found the perfect story in this fictionalized adaptation of a memoir by minor-league hockey brawler Doug Smith .
For a movie about ragged , trash-talking thugs beating the crap out of each other on the ice , Goon is surprisingly sweet .
Goon prevails where other sports-film farces fail thanks to Scott 's winning , unwinking performance ; Liev Schreiber 's spot-on turn as a wizened , clock-punching rink assassin ; and a pucked-up love of a bloody game .
Leaves you feeling that they have made a hockey movie as worthy to the sport as Slapshot .
Depicting the vocationally debauched world of second-tier hockey , Goon is not only rowdy , but also humane ...
Good for lowdown fun , this subversive comedy invites us in to celebrate its idiosyncratic bunch of sweet-natured goons .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Trading on hockey 's blood-splattering brutality as a ripe source for comic possibilities , `` Goon '' is a good-hearted sports comedy with a romantic left hook .
A second-rate dude comedy in which an untalented knucklehead becomes a star through brute violence .
Goon is n't a particularly deep film , nor does it redefine the paradigm for the sports comedy . But I have to give everyone involved credit for doing it right , and making it look almost easy . Bloody , but easy .
With apologies to The Mighty Ducks , we are , almost certainly , looking at the second-best ice hockey movie ever made . -LRB- Slap Shot retains the top spot . -RRB-
my favorite , rowdy sports flick since the original `` Bad News Bears . ''
For all its surface-level vulgarity and gleeful violence , Goon is actually a sweet , insightful , and powerfully effective little sports movie .
Pumping in the Puccini , the director lifts the movie off the ground , giving the feature an identity that 's worth paying attention to .
Goon , for the most part , comes off as a perpetually watchable and sporadically hilarious comedy that benefits substantially from the engaging work of its various actors ...
The job of a hockey enforcer , invisible to many non-fans and even casual fans , is definitively presented here by taking the viewer into Doug 's world and letting him do his thing .
Goon is a surprise on pretty much all fronts , following the story beats you 'd expect of a film of this genre , yet delivering them in an enjoyably unusual and offbeat manner .
Seann William Scott plays against type in surprisingly funny , unsurprisingly lowbrow hockey flick .
The film embraces hockey 's brute culture , with both a critical eye to fans who crave commodified violence and sympathy for the enforcers who merely play their bare-knuckled roles .
What a disappointment .
A worthy grandchild of the greatest of all hockey movies , Slap Shot . There , I said it .
Goon is a Canadian hockey comedy with a capital CANUCK . It oozes Great White North out of its every pore , which I 'm glad to say is a lot less disgusting than it sounds .
It takes hockey hooliganism to heights not seen since Slap Shot was offending the nation 's finger-waggers back in the 1970s .
The bone-crunching , unremitting violence is bad enough , but what I find particularly distasteful is the way it is celebrated .
A blisteringly askew tale of how you do n't have to be good at a sport to succeed , just know your role .
-LSB- T -RSB- he tale of a man who is ` touched by the fist of God ' and called to commit violence in the arena , all presented with a kind of sick grandeur -- or mock grandeur ; it 's hard to tell which ...
There is the impression that some of the characters should have been portrayed in a more three dimensional way .
An operatically stupid , tonally deranged comedy-drama ...
Ice hockey is a violent game , but usually in movies the violence is the garnish rather than the meal itself .
If you can stomach the unexpectedly strong violence , there is something even more unexpected here ; a sly satire of the disturbing blood-lust associated with ice hockey , and a quiet , believable character study which makes the best of Seann William Scott .
Goon is the most distasteful film I 've ever seen kick-starting a year .
I 'm not sure that this rough and ready comedy would seem so funny were it not for Scott 's charming performance as the man with dynamite in his fists and fudge in his heart .
This is just a fun 90 minutes - an after-the-pub movie .
Underpinned by a surprisingly touching rom-com sub plot twinning Doug with Scott Pilgrim 's Alison Pill , Goon is pucking funny stuff .
Really ... it 's just Dodgeball with a lobotomy .
Goon is n't a life-changer , but it is a pleasant little surprise .
It 's a surprisingly watchable , big-hearted yet unsentimental film ...
At the end the audience disperses in a daze , saying `` Dude , where 's my brain ? '' , but also feeling a warmish glow around the heart .
Come the second half here , the laugh cupboard 's all but dry .
It 's pitched as a comedy and has a few left-field laughs but is as empty-headed as its protagonist .
A smart script and vivid characters make this rowdy hockey comedy much more engaging than we expect .
It 's Scott who gives the movie its heart , delivering a performance of quiet strength and unexpected subtlety - when he 's not cracking skulls .
Rough , rude and raucous .
Enjoyable , well directed and frequently funny comedy drama with a likeable performance from Seann William Scott and an adorable turn from co-star Alison Pill ...
Hilariously foul . Best hockey comedy since SLAP SHOT .

@highlight

Goon is a crude slapstick comedy with well-formed characters and a surprising amount of heart .