Babel is a beautifully depressing film about responsibility , redemption , and ultimately that there are consequences to people 's actions , regardless of who they are and where they live .
The gimmick-machinery whirrs , but the human beings in it ca n't breath
Director Alejandro González Iñárritu and writer Guillermo Arriaga have fashioned their ideas with conviction and obvious care .
An ensemble cast , low-key drama , and tolerable political commentary make `` Babel '' a gripping success .
Babel ... belongs to an unfortunately proliferating genre that might be called the higher kitsch .
... language acts more as a means to distance and isolate us than aid in our understanding of one another .
A lumbering , stitched-together mess .
Babel directed by Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu is one of the most compelling films to date .
an affecting examination of disconnected lives in an interconnected world .
Smart , interesting to look at , and courageous , this is one of the best films of 2006 .
There is some hope , in Iñárritu 's world , each of the characters may have a family and love , but this is shown to be , at best , a diversion against the real world , which is a much more intolerable , incomprehensive place .
The kind of film that will echo deep in your soul .
Alejandro González Iñárritu and screenwriter Guillermo Arriaga cap off the trilogy of films that began with `` Amores Perros '' and `` 21 Grams '' with a rich and engrossing drama .
A better title for this film would have been `` Murphy 's Law , '' as Inarritu has a relentless grip on the banality of its tenets .
Alejandro González Iñárritu 's latest sprawling , dispersed art-film blockbuster prompts a question : Does he just not know how to tell a story ?
Rubbish so pretentious it would make the folks behind Crash begin to blush .
Babel es más que eso , es contradicción y antítesis , es la obra cumbre y gloriosa de un visionario en un retrato triste y dramático de nuestro mundo .
An impressive , beautifully acted work with a tragic sense of life . The formality of its structure controls a seething anger .
Well acted and handsomely photographed , but still extraordinarily overpraised and overblown , a middlebrow piece of near-nonsense : the kind of self-conscious arthouse cinema that is custom-tailored and machine-tooled for the dinner-party demographic .
Acaba trazendo -LSB- seu diretor e seu roteirista -RSB- em um caminho que já percorreram duas vezes % u2013 só que , aqui , eles o fazem de maneira bem mais esquemática , melodramática e , conseqüentemente , menos interessante .
You ca n't make the same film three times and not expect people to carp . Go and see it with politically-minded friends and thrash it out afterwards over coffee .
Si algún mérito tiene González Iñárritu -LRB- además de la conducción de un buen elenco -RRB- es el de haber sido capaz de dar a una película menor y pretenciosa la forma de un cine supuestamente original e importante .
Babel can be unnecessarily convoluted , ultimately though it 's the stark simplicity of the dilemmas faced by each character that hits home , wherever that may be .
If misery is your pornography , Babel is your holy grail .
For all its contrivances , Babel offers a gripping treatise on fate , chance and language with an epic sweep that leaves you marvelling at its ambition .
Well structured , but rather cold .
The film takes its main characters , spreads them out all over the world , and subjects them to emotionally and physically tortuous situations . Think last year 's Crash on a global scale .
The idea of the ripple effect of events has been handled by other movies that I somehow was hoping there would be something deeper or more meaningful in the message of Babel .
When bad things happen to stupid people , are we supposed to care ?
It may be too slow for some tastes , but Babel remains emotionally bruising but compulsive viewing .
The fact that someone was so inspired by our pathetic and pitiable inability to communicate with our fellow man to craft a film with that message and that message alone is noteworthy .
`` Babel '' is a well-intentioned -- and finely acted -- tower of power that might have worked better had its theme of universal communication difficulties been better integrated .
Feelbad experiences abound in modern morality play .
Actions , reactions and consequences are the themes of Babel , an intense and gripping drama that explores the closely connected chain of humanity that links us inextricably to each other .
... once again Pitt has cast aside the exterior to bring out the character inside . A scene where he breaks down and sobs while talking to his son is heartbreaking .
Iñárritu not only tries to pull the heart strings with children weeping ; there 's also the completely gratuitous side story about Asian teens in short skirts sans panties .
An emotionally visceral and empathetic triumph .
Looking back , there are so many moments of beauty in Babel , mostly born of frustration and empathy with these characters . So why does n't it connect ?
... Harrowing , compelling viewing .
Earnest to a fault and depressing beyond reason , the film is unrelenting in its attempts to wrap the world in a shroud of fatalism .
Babel is arresting thanks to the complexities of the storytelling and Inarritu 's deft ability to massage the audience .
This is a moving but very downbeat film . The stories do not add up to much other than to say that bad things happen .
Babel is the kind of movie I would recommend to a specific audience . If you do n't mind sitting and soaking up the little details and absorbing a theme as deep as it will go , then you may agree that this film is quite rewarding .
a collection of often powerful scenes in search of something grand to say
If you know and love the work of Mexican-born director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu , you understand going into his films that you must do so armed with a good deal of trust . His latest , `` Babel , '' is no exception .
Bleak , edgy , hyper-real . Purposely depleted of warm colors . Pitt and Blanchett only appear intermittently -LRB- and not terribly dynamically -RRB- . An art-type film in three countries .
Babel does n't snap pieces of a plot puzzle together to satisfy a viewer . It 's not that kind of a film . Immediate gratification comes in the form of vibrant , impressionistic scenes .
Babel is skillful filmmaking , but the film 's whole is less than its parts . After the drama ends , little has been learned .
Riveting and eloquent . One of the year 's best .
The film 's ambition , unfortunately , exceeds its reach , let alone its grasp .
Similar in tone to Iñárritu 's earlier film , `` 21 Grams , '' but not as effective .
A film that 's more to be admired than liked , more to be thought about than felt . It 's a good film -- maybe close to a great one -- but one that I have no desire to revisit .
It 's a complicated film , and at times a convoluted story , which is held together by its impressive array of performances .
The lethargically paced Babel alternates between being kind of boring to being mildly interesting
If Crash drove you to distraction , then thou best stay away from Babel , this year 's towering exercise in socio-political-psycho babble .
An amazing , disturbing drama , `` Babel '' is a puzzle of film that pieces itself together bit by bit .
full review in Greek
Throughout the film the unpredictability , different and unique characters and the fast pace fuels the intrigue .
Iñárritu is an exceptionally gifted director who makes each individual scene in Babel work beautifully . However , he runs into trouble as he attempts to pull all the plot strands together .
While this might not be for everyone , certainly not for the lazy , it is a brilliant piece of movie-making . It grabs you and does n't let go .
... settles for being a decent but contrived and unmoving psychological drama .
Long , belabored , terminally solemn despite some vigor , and numbingly sentimental under a tough surface , this is a serpentine coiling of three modestly connected and episodic stories .
It 's in the more natural-seeming spurts of joy , rather in the less organic moments of crisis , that Babel makes its best argument for a universal experience .
Babel expresses a great yearning for an understanding that straddles all our borders . It 's among the best films of the year .
It 's a great film made with style and heart and hope , a cautionary parable and an almost certain Oscar contender .
There are passages in all of his films -- in Babel they include a wedding in Mexico , a car chase in the desert , and a night at a Tokyo disco -- that absolutely bristle with inspired energy and dazzling photography , sound and editing .
The experience of watching Babel is undeniably riveting : Even if the film does n't really lead anywhere , you still ca n't take your eyes off it .
Because of its thematic flaws , Babel is n't the masterpiece some are claiming . Yet it remains powerful stuff , a glum but concerned look at how a seemingly isolated event can affect lives on the other side of the globe .
The film is not always successful at doing so , and not all of the plot lines work as well as others . But there are strong performances and an intriguing look at the subject matter .
Inarritu is the auteur as puppet master -- a Dr. Mabuse of the art house .
-LSB- Iñárritu -RSB- remains as entranced as ever by fate , loss and the interconnectedness of humankind , and I admire him for it . But Babel is n't the last or best word on that subject . It 's just a lot of talk .
The result is , ultimately , a portrait of the global village being built on a foundation of bad judgments made in good faith on a daily basis , which we barely survive by the skin of our teeth and through the kindness of strangers .
True to its title , Babel hinges on missed and faulty communications of both the personal and the cultural variety . It 's a sweeping movie about characters who often suffer from tunnel vision .
Finds a tense undercurrent -LRB- that -RRB- keeps us involved through the film 's moderate pace and constant narrative shuffling .
Being diplomatic because of Inarritu and Arriaga 's past success is n't worth it , given the irony that a story about communication breakdown so woefully fails to connect . `` Babel '' is a bore .
Babel is the masterful third installment in this trilogy of truth and consequence .
As each story comes to its conclusion , some characters rise above , while others are crushed under the weight of the day 's events . The tales are equal parts miracle and tragedy . And that 's often what life is , which makes Babel ring true .
... -LSB- Alejandro Iñárritu 's -RSB- plea for improved global communication ... squanders fine performances in a film that is engulfed by the director 's pretentious mindset .
There 's a lot to chew over in Babel . But because it 's overstuffed , it also means that there 's a lot not worth swallowing .
From the past to the present to the future , from savagery to civilization to a kind of cybernetic autism . Babel does what a movie can do . It whisks us away .
Like the famous Biblical tower , Babel is ultimately too much noise and more of a monument to the ego of its creators than an achievement in itself .
Has an unwelcome sense of self-importance and heavy-handedness .
The film 's sympathy for all of its characters is in itself the answer , or at least the beginning of one , to the questions it raises .
Except for the rather contrived Tokyo link , ` Babel ' is as good as ` Crash . ' It is definitely worth seeing , but take a deep breath first .
How much you enjoy Babel will be based entirely on your degree of cynicism .
One of the most challenging and saddest movies of the year -- and also one of the most memorable .
It 's a masterful film , the kind you itch to see twice or more , as elliptical as a dream and as direct as the short sharp shock of lead kissing flesh .
Gripping , patient and utterly enchanting , it is a marked growth for Iñárritu and Arriaga , who have taken a precarious conceit and transformed it into one of the most powerful movies of the year .
-LSB- Babel -RSB- is , in short , one of the year 's best movies .
At its best , Babel expresses the emotions that link of all of us , even if we have no way to share them . I just wish it did a better job of communicating them .
The filmmakers do n't seem to understand or care much about many of these people , but they use them to unload ideas about violence , communication , and tribal misunderstandings -- trading on suffering as they aim for cosmic wisdom .
Good intentions do n't always make good movies . And this one simply was n't worth their effort .
fascinating , sprawling drama ... an ambitious , engrossing piece of work that builds on the promise shown in Innaritu 's first two features .
If last year 's best-picture Oscar winner , `` Crash , '' argued , `` Ca n't we all just get along ? '' `` Babel '' counters , `` Let 's stop traveling and talking to each other . ''
At two and a half hours , it 's never boring but has trouble connecting the disparate characters into a cohesive whole . In fact , the Japanese story , while providing many beautiful , graceful moments , belongs to another movie entirely .
No character is on hand to neatly tie up the film 's themes -LRB- like how we all Crash into each other -RRB- , and there is an overall feeling of empathy that does not come at the expense of a realistic ending .
Through it all is the motif of children at prey in a social order that 's ready to destroy them .
An unqualified triumph from Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu . World class filmmaking of the highest order .
Like its scriptural model , an impressive structure , but one that does n't reach the intended emotional heights .
... here 's the most important lesson % u2013 if you 're going to a Mexican wedding , make plans to spend the night .
This is one of those movies that would work better at home , where you could pause the tape when you need to take a break or fast forward when things start to slow down too much .
For a movie that insists on the truth of humanity 's mutual dependency , Babel feels disconnected from anything but its own artistic determinism .
Thought-provoking long after its haunting final frame , Babel is a weighty and complex spellbinder .
Babel is supposed to be a cry of humanist anguish that echoes -- in four languages -- around the world . Why does it feel as much like an elaborate game of middlebrow post-millennial Clue ?
The film is something to see . But despite the dynamism of all those individual moments , Babel looks like an empty edifice .
In the end , a film of profound ambition is unmasked as one without real purpose , a misguided attempt to make a serious , important statement despite having nothing , really , to say .
I was shaken , but not stirred .
Babel feels less like the work of an existential moper and more like the evening news .
Dark , sophisticated and challenging , this film is a stunning conclusion to Inarritu 's trilogy that began with Amores Perros and 21 Grams .
Something of a one-note film , albeit a beautifully played note .
An extension and expansion of 21 Grams in every way , and this time proves too much of a mystical thing .
Individually , the stories are beautifully shot , intimately acted and usually engrossing .
-LSB- Inarritu 's -RSB- eloquence of delivery is remarkable .
Tragedy is so overwhelming in Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu 's `` Babel '' that my anxiety increased throughout the viewing .
Babel is Arriaga 's finest script yet ... . But , like Amores Perros and 21 Grams , the film feels like a 21-car pile-up of catastrophes .
The entire ensemble cast give terrific performances , particularly Kikuchi , whose heart-breaking performance is simultaneously shocking , funny and moving .
I would be surprised if , after 140 minutes of grim punishment , any audience member could be truly moved by this everlasting symphony of pain .
one of the most dramatic , exciting and moving films of the year .
Holds you tightly within its grip through its lengthy running time and forces you to empathize with a large cast of international characters and their individual quests in a visceral way .
The world-spanning story has intriguing elements ... But , the overall study falls short of the individual stories .
The director interweaves his stories like a symphonic composer , teasing out suspense here , adding foreboding there , bringing in a surge of crushing pathos , but then providing a blessed note of hope and reconciliation .
It 's pretty -- oh , what 's the word ? -- stupid in its dramatization of the silly little connections that unite us , and it 's somewhat selective in its choice of them .
Babel did n't begin to bug me until afterward , when I was thinking about it and realizing there 's less to it than meets the eye . Watching it , though , is an often dazzling experience .
It sweeps you along in a tide of cinematic energy and high-voltage drama .
In his latest film , Babel , director Alejandro Gonzalez intertwines four stories that are overripe with nail-biting potential and then unleashes them on the audience without mercy . And while this may actually rank as the most challenging , difficult ,
Satisfies as a story of people thousands of miles apart inextricably intertwined , with the snowball of fate already rolling down the hill .
Coincidence can be a heavy burden for a movie ...
The terrorizing of two sets of children a continent apart may strike some viewers -- and does strike this viewer -- as unduly manipulative .
... while the pair 's -LSB- Iñárritu and Arriaga -RSB- filmmaking skills can not be denied , the film 's emotional resonance is weakened by a feeling of repetition and cliche ...
Babel is a movie with its heart in the right place , but like its own characters , its message gets lost in translation .
Babel suggests that violence forges its own kind of language , a means to forge closeness across distances of experience , location , and time .
The acting is terrific , especially Barraza , who manages to carry the entire segment by herself . The Moroccan kids are really good too , It 's a bit long , and in the end does n't really work all that well .
Iñárritu and Arriaga continue their three-pronged approach with this powerfully moving drama .
For all its apparent scope , the film 's in-your-face fatalism ultimately feels forced . The cumulative effect is more grueling than cathartic , even if it may also be good for the soul .
Until -LSB- Babel -RSB- hits overload and short-circuits , it 's often brilliantly cinematic .
-LSB- Many -RSB- will probably find something profound in this beautiful-looking mishmash , but the profundity exists only in the intent , and not in the execution .
The ending is cowardly , mawkishly idealistic and , worst of all , panders to the upbeat-ending demands of Hollywood -LRB- Babel is the largest financed Iñárritu film -RRB- .
The film is a powerhouse , a viscerally charged powder keg of passion , triumph , regret , valor and depression all fighting with one another tooth and nail for supremacy .
Provocative elements notwithstanding , there 's less than meets the eye to Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu and Guillermo Arriaga 's variations on the theme of miscommunication and devestatingly careless acts .
... A richly nuanced , at times shattering film that brings Inarritu 's Death Trilogy to a stunning close .
The biblical themes are reflected in the film 's multilingual dialogue , broad geographic scope and , you could add , its failed ambitions .
... A powerful movie that should win all the year 's ensemble acting awards .
Babel swept me up , up , up and carried me away .
... A feel-good movie for the politically correct that sets up some intriguing characters and premises but resolves them all with a sledgehammer of self-righteousness .
Iñárritu 's spiritual side combines with his insight into human nature to transcend the shakier elements .
Tension-filled and compelling - it 's one of the best pictures of 2006 !
At the end , it does n't really pull together into a seamless vision , but it 's filled with sights and scenes that are uniquely absorbing .
If they really want to appear radical the next time out , my advice is : Tell a single story and tell it well . What a concept .
At the simplest level , the movie is several dramas told effectively , and processing the emotions in its most dramatic moments may be the best reward in watching it .
Obviously concerned with the Big Issues , Iñárritu spends an inordinate amount of time screwing his characters -- and his audience . It does n't serve him well .
Weaves its power through , instead of above us , in the effort of its own testament that the inner horrors of our time on Earth should be a uniter and not a divider , no matter who the decider might be .
succeeds only in making noise .
The ultimate poor judgment : the decision to put Babel before the camera . That defies comprehension in any language .
Babel possesses unusual aesthetic force , even if it does not seem to be tethered to any coherent idea or narrative logic .
The problem with Babel is n't that it 's a bad movie . It 's a good movie , or , more accurately , it 's several pieces of good movie , chopped up in service of a pretentious , portentous and slightly silly artistic vision .
How Iñárritu and screenwriter Guillermo Arriaga seamlessly link these four stories makes for an unconventional film experience that is weighty , thought-provoking and riveting .
The film explores the ways in which cultural assumptions and biases tend to obscure reality even when reality is plain , and the way our perceived differences keep us from finding a human connection to one other .
Makes Crash , another recent film with converging stories and a multicultural cast , look like an undergraduate term paper on race relations .
Unrelentingly , unremittingly sad , excruciatingly painful , all for no valid reason , Alejandro González Iñárritu 's Babel is a movie to avoid at all costs .
If Babel falls an inch or three short of greatness , it 's always a great ride .
Babel has an undeniable power , even -LRB- or perhaps especially -RRB- when it 's at its most contrived and implausible .
A multidimensional story that explores what happens when love is ignored , squandered , or annihilated by anger , alienation , hatred and violence . One of the best films of the year .
... all his films feel overly `` directed '' in the worst sense of the word : the jumbled chronology ... and the plotting feel arbitrary : Bad things do n't merely happen to his characters ; González Iñárritu inflicts these catastrophes on them .
There is n't a second when Iñárritu 's film feels as if it 's replicating life 's coincidental nature .
Unflappable desert village life , pulsing Tokyo teen culture , and a vibrant Mexican wedding are treated with reverence and delight , in unsubtle contrast to depictions of people lost in cultural wildernesses .
Babel is a brilliant , profound and devastating film that explores the dangers and consequences of what can happen when words fail , communication ceases and all you 've got left are feelings . Babel is a masterpiece .
When -LSB- Inarritu -RSB- aims at making any sort of large , loud statement , what mostly comes out is noise . In silence , though , he speaks volumes .
If Babel were a football game , I 'd flag it 15 yards for piling on . Others may want to give it an Oscar . To each his own .
Time perhaps scrambling it 's for Alejandro González Iñárritu to stop his narratives .
Another powerful and unforgettable emotional experience , only slightly marred by its unconventional storytelling technique .
Its complex -LRB- yet not mystifying -RRB- storytelling , forceful character development , and superb cinematography make this a candidate for one of 2006 's best offerings .
The actors -- including -LSB- González Iñárritu 's -RSB- two big stars -- are all wonderfully real , seemingly as surprised by the depths and dangers of their circumstances and emotions as we are .
Iñárritu has enough talent to shake up conventional moviemaking . But he still has n't figured out how to use it .
Surpasses Crash and Syriana in the depiction of a post-9 / 11 world of heightened racial tensions and political turmoil .
An original ... and on an epic stage .
The year 's richest , most complex and ultimately most heartbreaking film .
The connections between the stories develop an underlying sense of irony that works like a last act twist in a crime novel and provides a satisfying feeling of discovery .
Comparisons to Crash are fair only up to a point , given how Babel is prone to sacrificing character at the altar of the almighty shock tactic , but the film more accurately brings to mind the schematic , globe-trotting Syriana .
Babel has the very best of intentions , and tries very hard , but can not bring them to life . What I mean is , it left me cold .
The beauty of Babel is how Iñnáritu weaves all these pieces together to create a unified picture of how language , communication barriers and cultural differences divide us , while simultaneously showing us the commonalities ...
Babel is depressing , long , boring , and if it 's trying to say something important I was n't able to hear it .
Ambitious and absorbing for nearly all its 2 1/2 - hour running time .
What unfolds , courtesy of Innaritu and the excellent cast , is a commentary on how the 21st century is a constantly upset balance of cultures whose every move has repercussions upon each other .
I probably wo n't see a better film this year .
Babel is about lack of communication , per its title , and that theme resonates through Inarritu 's four stories on levels both global and personal .
There 's a dazzling array of faces , languages and imagery that sears into your soul .
Linking personal identities and global politics in a thematically compelling and emotionally touching way , Babel is Innaritu 's most ambitious and commercial film to date , easily overcoming narrative weaknesses of contrivance and melodramatic excess .
This is not a fear-mongering movie , but it is unpredictable and shocking , with compassion hanging on for dear life .
... gripping nearly all the way .








@highlight

In Babel , there are no villains , only victims of fate and circumstance . Director Alejandro Gonzalez Iñarritu weaves four of their woeful stories into this mature and multidimensional film .