Riddling in cinema can have diminishing returns .
`` It 's the dance between the two - the heady ideas and the depth of feeling - that make `` Blind '' such a joy to watch , keeping it from being either an exercise in meta in pathos . ''
Joachim Trier 's -LRB- `` Oslo , August 31st '' -RRB- cowriter Eskil Vogt makes his directorial debut with a story that calls back to the structure of `` Reprise '' as if crossed with Jeremy Podeswa 's `` The Five Senses . ''
It 's a fascinating exploration of the things that can thrive in the soil of a jealous mind , fertilized by suspicion and a lack of sight .
With heightened sounds and Petersen 's assured performance , Blind evocatively depicts the small triumphs and frustrating defeats of Ingrid 's daily existence .
Despite its heady eroticism , it maintains an almost clinical detachment that engages your mind without making your heart leap .
Blind is a sharp , pleasant surprise that delves into the psyche of a woman reconfiguring her entire way of comprehending the world around her .
This is a haunting puzzle of a movie , one to pick at , to unpeel , to see a second time through eyes that have adjusted to it .
Pettersen is absolutely riveting to watch on screen .
Unfortunately , the film 's occasionally thrilling visual sleight-of-hand comes at the ultimate service of a boilerplate early-mid-life-crisis drama .
However you interpret it , Vogt 's film lingers , haunting like imagery that refuses to fade away in memory .
These lonely , possibly imagined secondary characters are portrayed with the same depth of feeling as the married couple but are even more engrossing as psychological projections of the wife .
All this nesting-doll storytelling might feel hollow if Blind did n't possess such a solid emotional foundation .
Tactically clever , textured and tactile , boldly visualized , Vogt 's depiction of the life of the newly sightless Ingrid , plays with comic and tragic complications , and questions of identity and seeing versus being seen , but is at its best just ... watching .
Blind is a strikingly beautiful and intuitive escape into the mind of a blind person , and Vogt writes and directs the film as if he has experienced such terror .
Despite moments of humour and Petersen 's convincing inhabitation of Ingrid , it evinces the deliberateness of an exercise .
-LSB- An -RSB- intriguing Oslo-set drama ...
Clever , insightful , and beautifully unpredictable , Vogt 's debut feature is one that deserves to be seen .
A melancholic psychodrama about identity , love , and the eye of the beholder .
Blind takes a fresh look at reality and fiction , through the unseeing eyes of Ingrid -LRB- an uncanny performance by Ellen Dorrit Petersen -RRB- .
Every twist and shift of the mise-en-scéne adds to the complexity , ingenuity and artistic bravura of this mesmerising treatise on the refusal to be beaten by disability .
Vogt duly dramatises the novel 's scenes , with details surreally withdrawn or changed midstream as Ingrid changes her mind : a self-conscious and artificial trope , although one which creates great opportunities for black comedy .
Definitely one that repays repeat viewings .
Brilliantly blurs the lines between perception and voyeurism , the objective and the subjective .
Vogt gives us a brilliantly slippery handle on the rules of this rather twisted game , but also makes it real , in that it 's coming from a place of authentic terror , anxiety and loneliness in Ingrid 's head .
Playful , unpredictable and occasionally pervy , Vogt 's directorial debut is a perception-teasing provocation , made slippery with mischief but also accessible by its warm wit and winning lead .
This is ambitious filmmaking .
Blind is a fascinating journey into the mind and body of an outsider , with generous helpings of cinematic audacity , mischief and trickery .
The film has a welcome sensation of continual reinvention while remaining grounded in relatable relationship concerns .
Eskil Vogt has delivered , in one movie , a comedy that does n't elbow you in the ribs and a `` disability drama '' that does n't grab you by the lapels screaming `` IS N'T THIS SAD ?! ''
Stylish and engaging , and laying out a fine manifesto for the power of the imagination to bring us real-world catharsis , Blind is a magnificently clear-sighted film .
Vogt 's first feature film seamlessly oscillates from bruising drama to uproarious Norwegian comedy with tact .
A sexy , funny and thrilling trip through the human imagination .
Any emotional involvement with any of the ... situations or characters is relegated to the back burner , turning the film into a somewhat clinical narrative puzzle until all the cards are on the table .
Ace Norwegian scribe Eskil Vogt makes a sparkling directorial debut with an alternately tragic and playful tale of a blind authoress .

@highlight

A beautifully composed drama whose narrative intricacy is matched by its depth , Blind sounds an ambitious note of triumph for writer-director Eskil Vogt .