As the head of this diamondback-rattlesnake-of-a-film , Matthew McConaughey strikes within a sadistic realm very few actors would dare to tread .
Killer Joe is such a hideously over-the-top , black-hearted view of Southern-fried scumbags that even Texans like myself ca n't get offended .
I 'll never look at fried chicken the same way again .
Killer Joe is trash . Not bad trash . Not pretentious trash . Just plain old ugly , funny , and sophisticated trash .
The tone in Killer Joe feels so expertly and delicately crafted that we only laugh at the film 's absurd scenarios if and when the filmmaker permits it so .
Violent , coarse , perverted , and sickly hilarious , this is highly recommend for those who like their entertainment on the nasty , demented tip .
This Southern-fried , darkly humorous trailer-trash exploitation crime noir revels in the greedy characters ' idiocy and the deranged story 's psychosexual luridness .
An intriguing -LRB- and sometimes off-putting -RRB- cinematic creation featuring Matthew McConaughey in one of his best performances .
The movie is gross and smutty : It is having so much fun portraying terrible people doing terrible things to one another that it has no interest in pausing to think about what any of this means . Thankfully .
McConaughey is making an emphatic statement that 2012 is going to be his renaissance . And not even a turkey like `` Killer Joe '' is going to get in his way .
Friedkin , Letts and the entire cast barrel ahead through incredibly strange , dark territory , never looking back to see if the audience is keeping up . But those who do wo n't regret it .
McConaughey is funny and fearsome in the title role , the devil holding the family accountable for their choices .
As sordid and vile as possible .
Killer Joe is America at its worst but Friedkin and McConaghey at very close to their best .
It 's like a cheap , nasty dessert : completely devoid of nutrition , probably very bad for you , but kind of delicious while it briefly lasts .
Only the faint-hearted or KFC kitchen staff should give it a miss .
Stage-to-screen adaptations are rarely this primal , and it 's been a long time since a William Friedkin film has felt so vital .
The humor magnifies the horror , and vice versa . Like the inflammatory Dr. Strangelove , we 've sewn these seeds , and we deserve whatever is reaped from them .
Killer Joe will leave many people in shock , confusion , and in need of a thorough shower by the time it 's done .
The scene with the fried chicken drumstick might cause Colonel Sanders to repurpose one of his famous buckets as a barf bag .
Killer Joe is a white-hot fever dream of a film . A toxic swill of sex and violence , Joe is mordantly funny , tantalizing and , ultimately , shocking .
Matthew McConaughey gives an intensely wry performance while director William Friedkin applies his old-master craftsmanship to a brutal , ugly story .
Killer Joe will both infuriate and impress , but when it impresses there is nothing quite like it . It plays on the senses and lingers in the mind , McConaughey is brilliant and Friedkin finds himself in his best form in years
Resembling yard sculptures in a trailer park , where trash becomes art , `` Killer Joe '' is a Picasso signed with a branding iron .
Sick and twisted in the most interesting ways .
A daringly impressive and darkly funny work , which sees its director William Friedkin return to the audacious spirit of his early films .
Aside from Letts scathing one-liners the best reason to see the film is McConaughey . His Killer Joe is a quite brilliant variation on cool villainy .
It unfolds like a prank . After freewheeling dangerously and thrillingly for 90 minutes , it skips the relief and goes straight to the punishment . After that : The final , puzzling twist suggests that it may not have been a joke at all .
May well do for the fried chicken leg what Friedkin 's The Exorcist did for split-pea soup back in 1973 .
If it were n't for Matthew McConaughey 's tightly coiled performance , the nasty white-trash drama `` Killer Joe '' would n't be worth the powder it would take to blow it to hell .
It is so focused on the depravity at its heart that watching it is like subjecting yourself to a nightmare that sucks the air slowly from your lungs .
If you like your movies filled with twisted humor , sexual perversion , psychological intimidation and sudden violence , `` Killer Joe '' is the flick for you .
Friedkin 's twisty-turny career , 47 years and running , shows no signs of slackening .
... a clever story ruined by a fight so poorly done it 's laughable , and an unbelievably silly but graphic simulated sex scene in the finale .
` Killer Joe ' is a deep-fried , jalapeño-flavored noir that tests audience endurance . It dares viewers not to look at the depravity onscreen while gently nudging viewers to revel in it .
McConaughey eviscerates his rom-com/MAGIC MIKE legacy with an astonishing , terrifying performance . Makes Frank Booth and Max Cady look like the choir boys of seduction . Friedkin is back !
Jerry Springer re-do
A dreadfully dull black comedy that reckons it 's infinitely more provocative and shocking than it actually is .
A dark twisted comedy that has strong performances making it one of the most memorable films of this year .
An unflinchingly ugly -- but downright mesmerizing -- tale that plumbs the depths of human immorality .
Watching `` Killer Joe '' to the bitter end is like playing the Pick 6 lottery and getting three of the numbers right . You do n't win anything , but you still think you 're smarter than all those other idiots .
A punishing viewing experience , but a uniquely vile sit that rewards the brave with exemplary technical credits , a sure pace in the early going , and the sight of McConaughey reacquainting himself with excellence .
You will either love `` Killer Joe '' or run away screaming . I absorbed this NC-17 nail bomb with awestruck admiration .
-LSB- Friedkin -RSB- has retained his touch ... all these years later . And in Matthew McConaughey , he has the perfect vehicle for madness .
The film is drowning in so much depraved gunk that subtleties are lost . The payoff is dandy anyway ...
You end up feeling sorry for all the actors forced to humiliate themselves , except for McConaughey , whose portrayal of sadistic , manipulative evil is mesmerizing .
It 's hard not to watch this explosive power punch of a movie and not love absolutely every frame .
A little slice of Southern Gothic is just what the back room doctor ordered in this summer of explodey superhero movies .
Killer Joe may be a great film , but it 's not a particularly good one .
A movie that does n't know what `` failure of nerve '' means .
Vile , evil and brutal , it 's a bloody mess that 's only saved by Matthew McConaughey 's impressively repellent acting .
`` Killer Joe '' is downright hysterical , clever , expertly written , and incredibly unnerving . This is easily a career best performance for Matthew McConaughey .
This is a movie that literally wallows in its base and crude story making you itch and run for the shower after exiting the theater .
Friedkin creates a twisted work of trailer-park noir that both surprises and horrifies , and gives us one more reason to call 2012 the year of McConaughey .
The movie frequently clicks as a sendup of over-the-top film-noir storytelling .
A Southern Gothic pulp-noir freak show , yee-haw .
If y' all like your comedy with a Lone Star drawl and as black as Texas tea , then by all means tuck right into Killer Joe .
Killer Joe , which is peppered with a number of palpably striking sequences , builds to an absolutely enthralling -LRB- and purposefully over-the-top -RRB- climax that 's almost jaw-dropping in its audacity ...
In the immortal words of Wayne 's World : `` You 'll laugh , you 'll cry , you 'll hurl . ''
Mostly makes you want to go home and have a shower .
Really entertaining , and dark and twisted .
Killer Joe is twisted pulp , and the actors chew on it bravely , boldly , and with varying degrees of success .
It 's as mean as a snake .
Friedkin directs ; his taste for sadism has never been personified better than in McConaughey 's unassuming-but-dangerous drawl .
Friedkin 's pretty shrewd himself , in how he teases out the humor without indulging Letts ' immature glibness , and how he sidesteps Bible Belt baptism to waterboard us in the sewer of selfish human nature .
A gleeful and unapologetic descent into delicious decadence , Killer Joe is proud of what it is and never tries to be something it is n't .
Friedkin plays a trick that might be mean if it was n't so fascinating to see him pull off , blending laugh-out-loud humor with absolutely repulsive images , forcing disoriented and unsettled audiences to wind up laughing when they should be disturbed .
That everything should go wrong is no surprise , but the wrong turns are taken so viciously -- Gershon , in particular , is appallingly treated , in closeup -- that they lead the film , adapted from the play by Tracy Letts , to the brink of abusive farce .
A family -LRB- dis -RRB- member -LRB- ed -RRB- ... with a wink from an eye more bloodshot than smirking .
It 's the sort of funny that encompasses both definitions of the word and that is watched , as often as not , with clenched teeth and the temptation to cover ones eyes fighting with the much stronger temptation to see what happens next .
`` Killer Joe '' is diabolically dark , and immensely entertaining .
It is a concise , blistering , smoldering performance that deservedly should place McConaughey on the A-list of today 's actors .
Like a deep-fried Twinkie at the State Fair of Texas , Killer Joe is gooey , flavorful and bad for you . Dig in .
At 76 , Friedkin still holds our gaze with striking , often ghastly visual images , and despite the fact that McConaughey 's entire wardrobe appears to have been rented from Villains `` R '' Us , Killer Joe lands blow after blow to the psyche .
The action and dialogue find the same squalid level in time for the climactic scene , the cruel humiliation of a central character .
-LSB- T -RSB- here is no way to say it without employing a pun -- it leaves a truly bad taste .
Out of the muck and mire of human depravity that is `` Killer Joe , '' something magnificent comes : a killer performance by Matthew McConaughey .
It is a tale of white trash immorality on a grand scale , of people who are ridiculous and yet dangerous , laughable but cunning , and really stupid ... yet sneaky .
William Friedkin , that old '70s genre pro , seems reinvigorated by this cast of amoral schemers and their seedy stomping grounds .
The bone-crunchingly violent film has luridly entertaining moments . But by its resolution , this sleazy Southern Gothic nightmare has simply gone off the rails .
Intriguing , if you can take the gore and nastiness that earned it the NC-17 rating ... -LSB- and -RSB- there are compensations , not least McConaughey 's mesmerizing performance .
The film harks back to the low-budget chamber pieces of Friedkin 's early career , and he creates a perfect storm of montage and character interplay within a confined space , which culminates in a disturbing loss of humanity .
With what is arguably Matthew McConaughey 's best performance to date , Killer Joe is easily one of the most memorable films of the year . You wo n't soon forget it . Even if you want to .
More interested in the sins of the guilty than their effect on the innocent .
`` Killer Joe '' is one hell of a movie . It left me speechless . I ca n't say I loved it . I ca n't say I hated it .
... wears its sleaze like a ratty stole dug out from a bin at the ` thrifty . '
There is truly never a dull moment but that 's not the same thing as good ones .
This is a case of good actors given earthy characters but ... they are really caricatures and not much more .
Friedkin make no attempt to soften the characters ' monstrousness , and thank hell for that . This is rave and rage and purge acting .
Killer Joe , packed with miserable stereotypes doing miserable things with no sense of a higher purpose , plays like a dramatized version of The Jerry Springer Show .
... a career best performance from Matthew McConaughey as a cooly creepy sadist with a gentleman 's veneer , yet this dark comedy seems all rather pointless , a hundred minute build up to a single punch line . The Coen brothers did this better years ago ...
Like a deep-fried Twinkie at the State Fair of Texas , `` Killer Joe '' is gooey , flavorful and bad for you . Dig in .
The film is loaded with seedy and dysfunctional characters of questionable morals and intelligence , which makes things entertaining in a train-wreck sort of way , but it leaves nobody to root for .
An ugly , ugly film that leaves you feeling dirty inside , especially if you find yourself being entertained and amused by its characters and what they do to each other .
The trials and tribulations of a Texas family that nobody would want to spend any time with .
There are no characters here , and no drama . It 's just a county fair sideshow attraction - 100 minutes of Shoot the Geek .
Plot twists that might have played as clever onstage feel false on screen , and while the individual actors are all gifted -LRB- if in some cases miscast -RRB- , they never really come together as an ensemble .
A sleazy and pointless film about sleazy and pointless people , `` Killer Joe '' reminds us that what Quentin Tarantino does is n't easy .
To its own detriment , William Friedkin 's splattery , southern gothic return to the screen seeks to amuse as well as shake and stir .
`` Killer Joe '' is , at bottom-and I mean bottom-ugly and vile , not to mention dumb and clumsy .
As a sadistic dallas cop who moonlights as a hit man , Matthew McConaughey is on fire in Killer Joe , fierce and ferociously funny .
One of the three best performances of McConaughey 's career .
Lurches from realism to corn-pone absurdism and exploitation-cinema surrealism .
`` Killer Joe '' offers us a sneering image of trailer-park Texas , in which everyone is stupid and amoral and trashier than their cluttered front yards .
Friedkin 's still got it - the `` it '' being his ability to infuse every frame of the film with powerful ambiguity and doubt , and also his ability to attract terrific actors and propel them in unexpected directions .
Killer Joe spins a lot of dumb hick behavior into a wellspring of comedy and plot twists , recalling Raising Arizona 's colorful vernacular while turning a simple contract job into a complicated web of family betrayals .
No one will ever accuse William Friedkin of mellowing with age
Throws down a dare by expecting its audience to be the cool connoisseurs of the story 's `` comic '' outrageousness , then rubbing viewers ' faces in close-up scenes of brutality that reasonable people ought not to be able to watch .
Friedkin unleashes a strong cast on this darkly funny and violent tale of weak-minded people who think they 're smarter than they are .
A paean to pulp fiction , this gruesome but thoroughly entertaining Geek tragedy features a son plotting to kill his mother and prostitute his sister , with his father a willing accomplice .
It sends you home reeling , but wondering what the point of it was , and why so many worthwhile people bothered to do it in the first place .
Friedkin , a son of Chicago 's working-class South Side who has swerved back and forth over the thin blue line of order and chaos throughout his career , is a fine fit to the material .
Gazing into the abyss has rarely felt so good .
Friedkin has crafted another enjoyable slice of frenzied pulp minimalism .
Loud ... lurid ... and the best film of the summer
It thrills in seeing dumb people getting their due in hyper-stylized displays of violence , and yet it never feels contemptuous of them .
Even when McConnaughey is not onscreen , it is a cracking piece of character-driven entertainment ; when he is , it something greater again .
A little more time and a little more money might have turned Killer Joe into something truly great , or it might have ruined it , overwhelming the delicate chemistry with surface glitter . We 'll never know .
It 's a bold , weirdly charming and violent look at the modern family unit that makes for one of the most thought-provoking cinematic endeavors of this year
To pick out any one transgression in Killer Joe is to minimise its overall achievement in crafting one of the least affable movies in recent memory .
It 's the audience 's compact with the author that makes Killer Joe , for all its wry depravity , one of Friedkin 's safest efforts .
A twisted , well acted and quite compelling comedy of errors , until a brutal , over-extended finale leaves a very sour taste .
It revels in evil and lacks any sprightliness that might have redeemed its twisted characters , all of whom are loathsome and stupid .
A gruesome , greasy bucket-load of uninhibited tastelessness . And I mean that in the nicest possible way .
Matthew McConaughey steals the show with a ferocious , transformative performance worthy of awards attention , and Friedkin restores his stature as an architect of taut , muscular cinema .
If you 've always longed to see a version of Double Indemnity played out by in-bred , under-educated psychopaths , then your time has finally come .
Friedkin remains an expert technician to this day , but it 's difficult to understand his enthusiasm for this seemingly juvenile exercise in trailer-trash excess .
We get an effective combination of raw , in-your-face direction - Friedkin has a `` two takes only '' rule - and a finely honed script .
It 's a joy to see rom-com star McConaughey slip into the role of an amoral sociopath with such ease .
The different characters ' motivations are sucked into a vacuum which is only punctuated by moments of extreme and quite abhorrent violence .
this bucket of southern gothic is a Coen-esque caper of small-town double-crosses that starts off trailer-trash tawdry , before steadily gearing down into truly unhinged realms - even for the Texas hinterlands .
Becomes unintentionally funny by the grotesque closing stretch .
Lurid and nasty , William Friedkin 's pulp noir thriller Killer Joe is compelling and repellent in equal doses . It is n't easy to watch , but it 's hard to look away .
A deliriously sleazy black comedy thriller that is resolutely adult in tone and content but overflows with wonderful performances , fast-paced thrills and memorable dialogue .
A kind of scuzzball Double Indemnity .
This , my friends , is the kind of movie they do n't make anymore .
A gruesome , brutally violent and queasy trailer-park nightmare from deep in the heart of Texas .
Lovely to see Friedkin on such mischievous form and McConaughey finally revealing his dark side .
Killer Joe is emphatically not to everyone 's taste , but it is among the purest cinematic experiences you 'll have this year . It will also ensure that you never , ever look at fried chicken in quite the same way again .
The powerful vein of black humour that runs through it never renders the violence gratuitous while the characters are a rich mix of venality , lust , revenge and low IQ .
A seemingly hopeless spiral of existence ... there is some depraved glee that this filmmaker takes in toying with his hapless cast , and his latest film is no exception nor for the faint-hearted .
Thanks to McConaughey 's oily power and Friedkin 's unflinching purpose it 's a compelling beast .
Like Friedkin 's last film , Bug , this is adapted from a play by Tracy Letts , and takes place in a similarly cramped and mouldering dwelling .
Friedkin 's direction is rough and ready , but Letts 's tangy writing is the star here .
This film 's unhinged plot constantly catches us off guard with its bizarre twists and turns , all of which are grounded on the hapless characters .
Enjoyably pulpy Southern-fried thriller with a strong script and terrific performances from a superb cast , though it occasionally struggles to escape its stage-bound origins .
The dirtiest black comedy you 'll see for a long time .
Tennessee Williams meets Nabokov meets The Coen Brothers in this dark , cruel , funny and weirdly amiable hicksploitation chamber-piece .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- William Friedkin has made the most triumphantly dark , funny , and sexy black comedy you could ever imagine .
To paraphase a critic , `` At a time that so-called major directors are producing anemic works of little interest , ` Killer Joe ' is a source of optimism . ''
Twisted , tense and trashy , it 's glorious fun .
For every moment of grotesque violence there are several beautifully directed , well written and fearlessly acted moments that counter . Killer Joe is a trashy and at times shocking Texan tale to be sure , but one that 's worth watching .
It feels weird to say , ` I liked it , ' but I know deep down , in places that feel uncomfortable , I loved it .
These are easily the two best pictures the filmmaker has made since his early - '70s heyday ; he 'd be wise to continue hitching his wagon to this particular writer .
Friedkin takes what could have been a case study in trailer-trash miserabilism and produces something riveting , compassionate , and truly singular .
McConaughey 's performance as the Mephistophelean title character is one for the ages .
Essentially a filmed play , but McConaughey 's performance is too good to ignore .
McConaughey 's fans might be shocked to see him in this role - more likely , they 'd skip the opportunity - but they ought to give his performance a shot .
Less about storytelling than depravity ...
William Freidkin 's film is full-frontal in every sense , an unabashed pulp romp stuffed with ugly acts and primal screams .
Killer Joe pitches to the rafters , amping up a hicksploitation thriller with unnecessary jolts of savage violence and abuse .
Enjoyably cynical , blood-spattered noir-comedy elicits more laughs than thrills .
With Killer Joe , a black comedy thriller adapted from a play by Tracy Letts , Friedkin seems to have recaptured some of that youthful energy .

@highlight

Violent , darkly comic , and full of strong performances , Killer Joe proves William Friedkin has n't lost his touch , even if the plot may be too lurid for some .