In the hands of nearly any other filmmaker , the result probably would n't match the standards expected even by the least discerning Troma Studio devotee .
Rubber may not be everyone 's comedic go-to , but certainly it 's a sui generis indie that does n't portend to be anything more than its 86 minutes .
It offers a lame one-joke premise .
The greatest meta movie about a killer tire ever made .
The killer tire concept is great and the bizarre humor works very well , making this a wholly enjoyable film .
This is a movie about how watching movies is stupid .
Rubber wo n't be everyone 's cup of tea , but as curios go , it 's among the more watchable movies about killer tyres you 're likely to see this year .
Rubber deserves praise -LRB- and a viewing -RRB- if only for its absurd spirit alone , but the film is probably best digested when applying its self-proclaimed `` no reason '' logic to understanding it as a whole .
The 82-minute film feels a bit stretched , but not as much as you 'd expect with a premise this odd .
a hipster movie , affectedly exhausted and cocksure with no justification for it . And like anything hipster , you sort of want to kick it in the teeth .
The result is something akin to Luis Bunuel or Samuel Beckett making a 70s exploitation film .
Audicious and wonderfully offbeat ... it 's a fun one to talk about -- if only for the opportunity to shake your head in amused disbelief at what you just saw .
This movie is totally fantastic .
The amplified sound effects and the remarkable mobility displayed by Bob without resorting to computer-enhanced special effects are the film 's greatest strengths . If you have 82 minutes to kill , you may derive a. . .
Your enjoyment of French filmmaker Quentin 's Dupieux 's movie depends in large part on your capacity to enjoy the absurd . I enjoyed it quite a bit .
Spielberg announced his arrival with a killer truck . By making us believe in a thinking tire , Dupieux has outdone him . Appropriately , in this film 's parting shot , the Hollywood sign beckons .
If you see only one film this year about a psychokinetic tire that roams the dusty American southwest exploding the heads of those get in his way , it should definitely be Quentin Dupieux 's Rubber .
Look at it this way , it 's the first movie ever to dare to pose the question , ` If a killer tire explodes your head and there 's no one there to see it , has it really happened ? '
Kitschy is a good word to describe Rubber , a film that will garner love it or hate it responses from its audience .
Holy Luis Bunuel . Not nearly as clever as it thinks it is , `` Rubber , '' a movie about movies from French musician/writer/director Quentin Dupieux , would have worked much better as a short .
-LSB- This -RSB- audacious and sometimes inspired throwaway is like a `` Saturday Night Live '' skit sprung from the mind of David Cronenberg or David Lynch .
Rubber will undoubtedly be the best film about a round , hollow serial killer released this year .
If `` Rubber '' was half as smart as it is clever , we might be talking gonzo midnight four-star classic here .
Surprisingly watchable for a one-joke time-waster .
Part slasher-movie spoof , part self-reflexive Theater of the Absurd .
... plays like a drunken mash-up of Beckett , Troma and Hitchcock . Dupieux knows how to riff on the behavior and language of cinema but is n't clever or outlandish enough to sustain his film 's 85-minute running time .
Writer/cinematographer/editor / director Quentin Dupieux has joined together the hilariously stupid story of a tire who becomes a supernatural serial killer with a deconstruction of the movie itself
Rubber turns out to be rather redundant , and the audience-within-the-film angle is milked to death , with its employment serving as a wink-wink meta-theory on the nature of filmmaking as well as a commentary on the voyeuristic nature of audiences .
Few nice ideas . Should 've been a short .
Be afraid ... . Be also amused , in a deeply weird , weirdly deep sort of way ... by how Quentin Dupieux gives us this unlikely tale , through a lens of cinematic quantum mechanics , a we-view-it-therefore-it-exists sort of thing .
`` Rubber '' is a silly thing . But it does n't stop at silly .
The inventiveness starts to fade after the first hour but there is enough originality and winning humour in that hour to make Rubber a great guilty pleasure movie .
It 's grand , mindless fun that makes a thoughtful point .
It 's arch , quirky stuff and , approached in the right spirit , rather entertaining .
Though the film is a bit of a tour de force and certainly original , it is never quite funny enough to sustain even its short length .
More a deadpan art provocation than a real movie , Rubber is spun out like a musical theme through a series of variations .
Silly and slight , but definitely a curio worth catching for arty horror fans .
Weird does n't quite cover it , but fans of the surreal will find Rubber - drumroll , please - a gripping experience .
Unapologetically bizarre ...
Goofily amusing for 85 minutes , and a fitting B-feature to the E.T. comedy `` Paul . ''
Sometimes I sensed something a little conceited about Rubber . But it 's a road movie with a difference , that 's for sure .
An exercise in horrific absurdity that is neither as scary nor as amusing as it hopes to be .
Dupieux 's work has more in common with that of David Lynch and Luis Buñuel than your average monster-on-the-rampage flick .
amidst all the exploding heads and modernist trickery , Dupieux is not just inviting us to roll with his surreal detours , but setting us on a collision course with the absurdities of cinema itself .
Dupieux 's third feature -LRB- and first in English -RRB- is a surrealist comedy with a singular sensibility .
Gleefully absurd horror-comedy that has a lot of fun with its comments on genre filmmaking and builds to an enjoyably bonkers climax ...
Tyresome .
The picture thrills in large part because the filmmaker so gleefully indulges in the craziness of the conceit .
Personally , I 'm all for any movie with the nerve to demand that you take it seriously and unseriously at the same time while it anthropomorphizes a slab of rubber and creates a cuddly empathy for its urge to kill .
The joke is spread far too thinly , but the deadpan style and witty movie references are very funny .
An April Fool 's prank so audacious and unrepentant that even its failures become a part of the bigger joke .
The most certifiably insane , gut-bustingly funny horror comedy since Shaun of the Dead . It 's best experienced late at night with a rowdy audience .
Whether you choose to perceive it as a goof , a satire , or a little of both , Rubber is undeniably audacious .
With playful self-reflexivity , Dupieux uses his central gimmick to satirize the nature of cinematic conceits .
If nothing else , Fantastic Fest 2010 fave Rubber will give the executives at Firestone nightmares for years to come .
Picture Monty Python writ ing an unusually odd `` Twilight Zone '' episode directed by surrealist Luis Buñuel . Or just empty your mind of all sense : This is `` Rubber . ''
Without a doubt , the best killer tire movie you 'll ever see .
The movie takes that old genre into such consistently thoughtful directions that I was constantly amused .
Either of the film 's sides - the horror comedy or the post-modernist commentary - probably would n't be enough to sustain the movie on its own . But with both facets taken together , writer/director Quentin Dupieux can have his cake and deconstruct it too .
`` Rubber '' has anthropomorphic , head-scratching fun with its gory B-movie trappings , silly music cues , self-referential comedy and deliberately off-kilter acting .
But the movie is short on surprise-it 's not really wild enough . And well before its 85 minutes have elapsed , it runs out of gas .
the act of watching Rubber is reminiscent of attempting to eat an unpeeled orange in its entirety
By embracing irrationality as his operating principle -LRB- or at least by pretending to -RRB- , Mr. Dupieux lets himself off the narrative hook .
While it 's admirably perverse for a `` killer-tire movie '' to be this snooty , it 's about half as clever as it thinks it is .
Dupieux 's idea , apparently , is that movie audiences are so stupid they 'll consume anything , and the more tickets he sells for this arch little piece of junk , the more he 'll be proved right . If I were you , I 'd refuse to give him that satisfaction .
The potshots made at horror film audiences , and/or film audiences in general , are ... slipshod .
Pic offers auds few reasons to want to see it beyond its one-joke premise .
Nobody 's safe -- least of all moviegoers -- with a killer tire on the loose .
An essay on storytelling and spectatorship within When Inanimate Objects Attack schlock -- one infused with the haunting aura and disillusionment of a post-Easy Rider road movie -- Rubber is some kind of miracle .
People talk about the line between laughing with or at a movie . You do n't laugh with or at Rubber . It laughs at you .
Pleasure is derived strictly from bearing witness to such devilish and well-executed nonsense .
It should n't have been more than a short . . An ode to self-involved silliness and audience -LRB- and critical -RRB- gullibility .
It has ` cult ' written all over it - and like most cults you 'll either get it ... or you wo n't .
A strikingly clever parody of bloody road thrillers of the nineteen-seventies ...
Describing or discussing Rubber , a film about a telekinetic killer automobile tire , is apt to make it sound like an inspired bit of absurdist lunacy .
Barebones and overly literal . With respect to its initial ambition , it 's also terribly boring , stretched to the brink at 80 minutes .
This film sucks !
It goes to every length to be the anti-horror film and merely just a form of performance art ...
` Rubber ' will not wear out its welcome among viewers who find amusement in filling in dots prompted by suggestions .
It 's an inventive , silly film when it hits a demented stride , supplying a fascinating blend of bloodshed and ludicrousness , making for a memorable romp with a most improbable killer .
Might be hard to appreciate at first , but if you give Rubber a chance , Robert will roll into your heart , make you laugh and give you nightmares all at the same time .
operates as actively on a metaphorical level as a visceral one , provides commentary in addition to compelling visuals , and ultimately exceeds the value of its central conceit thanks to execution that seamlessly merges form and content .
This is a French New Wave film about the phenomenon of visual entertainment ... You can feel the satisfaction behind the scenes as writer/director/editor Quentin Dupieux invents a new film language .
A film brimming with comic brilliance and manic originality .

@highlight

A clever premise gets plenty of comic blood and violence , but its hampered by some questionable storytelling techniques from director Quentin Dupieux .