It makes me feel cheated and sad .
Nic Cage does n't get a chance to qualify for the Razzies in this one , which prompts me to recommend you rent Drive Angry instead . That movie has a much better use of a human skull .
A schlocky , derivative , and incredibly ridiculous sequel .
Ghost Rider : Spirit of Vengeance is too awful and cheesy to recommend to anyone , even the most diehard superhero fans .
This is destined for a place at the bottom of the pile come the end of the year , but in all honesty , did anyone really expect anything good out of a movie about a guy with a flaming skull going around killing people ?
In terms of stupid , dumb , no-brainer comic-book films , they do n't come much stupider , dumber and no-brainier than this .
There are flashes of Neveldine/Taylor 's self-deprecating sense of humor also , but even those ca n't overcome a story that 's completely inert and uninvolving .
As a B-grade horror/action hybrid , and the lowered expectations that come with that description , it 's a very fun experience .
An atrocious sequel ...
Ghost Rider only excels when it embraces the gonzo direction of directors Neveldine and Taylor . Sadly though , the film seems to be pumping its brakes more than riding with a vengeance .
Save your money . Read `` The Devil and Daniel Webster '' or `` Doctor Faustus . '' Listen to Robert Johnson . Or just be a decent human being , so you 'll never have the devil to pay .
Only a marginal improvement over the leaden first film , with Idris Elba providing a number of the film 's few bright spots .
All things being equal , I would rather have seen Crank 3D .
Campy humor and excellent visual effects help star and ever perplexing Nicholas Cage , who once won an Oscar .
`` The prophecy says the ritual will take place ... '' tells you that this movie was entirely dictated by location . The ritual could take place in the middle of Times Square and it would still end up looking like it was shot in an anonymous Romanian nightclub .
A goofy , gonzo thrill ride , Vengeance is a bad movie sequel so bad it 's good -- a bad movie that 's almost a great bad movie .
An unwanted sequel to one of the worst comic book films ever made blasts onto the screen with such assaultive energy that memories of its predecessor are incinerated from your brain .
Beyond the action there is n't much going on . It has a dud plot that attempts to reboot the story of the character . Cage revels in his own insanity and you have to wonder if the guy gives a crap anymore .
Astonishing effects , brilliant production design , great locations , relentless pace and some wry lines well delivered give the film excellent entertainment value
Although Spirit of Vengeance never reaches the madcap heights of Neveldine/Taylor 's unhinged Crank , it 's an inventive , wonderfully weird , and surprisingly focused one-shot comic-book adventure .
Every action scene serves as an oasis , sparsely scattered in the desert of B-movie dullness .
`` Ghost Rider '' is coming to suck out your soul . Or , at least $ 14 from your wallet . Paul Chambers , CNN .
It was exactly what I expected it to be , and I was fine with that .
Elba has his usual charisma and Hinds has a powerful presence of lurking menace , but a film that explores what happens when the Ghost Rider has to urinate while enflamed , and does so with a wink and a smile , is not to be taken seriously
Under the turbocharged bad-trip direction of ` Crank ' auteurs Neveldine and Taylor , this impossible and absurd scenario seems inspired not by a comic book but by a drug fiend 's delirium .
In every way an improvement upon its predecessor , though as humongously stupid as its predecessor was , that says very , very little .
If they would have just had more crazy Cage , and a faster ` Crank ' - style film , it could have worked .
Memorable mainly for its cheesy CGI fakery .
What an unholy mess is ` Ghost Rider : Spirit of Vengeance , ' in which a man who made a deal with the devil roams the earth in search of bad guys .
Blecch !!!
Cage appears to find his role as this second-tier Marvel Comics antihero alternately silly , tremendously fun , and the means to a decent paycheck for not all that much work .
A slight improvement in style , but unfortunately , the movie still lags behind in the script and character departments .
Ghost Rider 2 good , mindless fun .
Rosemary 's Baby on hot wheels .
What 's striking is that Cage appears so darned content that this is the weird path his career has taken . In that regard Cage is n't much different from Ghost Rider , impervious to bombs and giddily going down in flames .
I would not have bothered to go see this except for the fact that I liked the first `` Ghost Rider '' movie , starring Nicholas Cage . This was a disappointment .
The filmmakers deliver some gorgeous landscape shots of Asia Minor and leverage the 3D perspective to good effect , but the time between such moments of relief can seem like an eternity of movie hell .
There 's no reason in 2012 for a high-profile studio film under the Marvel banner to feel like a low-rent direct-to-video sequel .
Ghost Rider is a multi-million dollar franchise and consequently the two directors have been obliged to tone down their act ; a vintage example of the catch-all mentality that makes many of these movies mechanical , joyless affairs .
Another step downward in the spiral to the bottom of Nicolas Cage 's film career .
Ish ... .
A wisp of a story with no variation in pace links cycle chases and violent battles .
This is a boring movie . The over-the-top outlandishness ca n't disguise that the whole 95 minutes represent one big snooze-fest .
This film sucks on a level I can scarcely describe .
When I go to see a Nicolas Cage movie I expect cheesy fun , not something this dull .
At this point , I dare Neveldine and Taylor to ... reach even a baseline competence as visual storytellers .
I get the fact that much of it is done with tongue firmly planted in cheek , but the problem is that this just is n't any fun .
A movie about a man who is frequently on fire SHOULD NOT BE BORING !
Neveldine and Taylor latch onto Nicolas Cage 's spasmodic reverie of elated exaggeration in this wild-hair sequel . His performance is the reason this disposable movie is so entertaining ... and why we should n't close the book on him quite yet .
Cage chews more scenery than a pack of hungry termites
Whether Cage is still paying off castles , appeasing the IRS , or rebuilding his comic book collection , it 's clear he 's decided , for now , to trade his talent for cold , hard cash .
Spirit of Vengeance is weighted down for long stretches in the middle , as it starts to treat its own religious hokum plotline with undue seriousness .
With plenty of goggle-eyed Cage/Blaze warped effects on tap , and Cage gurning ... , what more does this silly series need ? Better bike effects for starters ...
Ghost Rider eats souls and this film has eaten my will to live .
It 's almost as bad as the first movie and not nearly as fun to ridicule . And in retrospect , that makes it feel like an even bigger failure .
It 's clear Neveldine/Taylor can do nonsensical over-the-top action movies like Crank . All Ghost Rider : Spirit of Vengeance shows is that they ca n't do much else .
Where the first Ghost Rider was a decidedly straitlaced affair , with Cage bouncing madly around inside it , Spirit Of Vengeance fails to capitalize on either its star or its concept .
Shot in Romania and Turkey , the scenery is terrific and gives you something to watch other than this confusing mess . Johnny Blaze , you 're just a candle in the wind , mate .
The film , though , has some redeeming qualities , including the presence of Idris Elba as the obligatory good guy , who encourages Johnny to get Danny into the protective custody of a religious order .
That mix of admirable restraint and unabashed pandering makes Ghost Rider : Spirit of Vengeance a guilty pleasure , if not the most wholesome treat .
Like the first Ghost Rider movie , this one burns plenty of rubber trying to swerve around plot holes and thinly written characters .
The bad news is that this sequel , which wants to wow us with its unrestrained , hyper-stylized , WTF-ness , is way too disposable for its own good .
It 's filled with plenty of noise and aggressively choppy storytelling , signifying only those things .
A grim , ugly movie that takes its ridiculous premise much too seriously and does n't showcase effects good enough to make up for all its shortcomings .
Cage is the only one here aware that he is making a B-movie comedy . Everyone else plays it straight . -LRB- Parental Movie Review also available -RRB-
To question where things went wrong feels somehow strange , as the project seems to have been ill-conceived from the very start .
With its visual gimmickry , attention-seeking camerawork , and in-your-face special effects , Ghost Rider : Spirit of Vengeance spends so much time trying to be badass that it forgets to be good .
The filmmakers understand that they have happy , productive , kooky Nicolas Cage on hand , not sullen money-hungry Cage , and they let him loose .
At best , the Neveldine/Taylor team is capable of transforming ingeniously trashy premises into pop art , but here , they inherit a promisingly trashy franchise and fail to give it the allure and go-for-broke energy of superior trash .
Like a laboratory experiment on how often a movie can spin from bad to good and back again .
The dialogue is so bad it 's kind of terrific ; the movie has a particular camp appeal that may well win it a cult following .
This is a movie about a flaming skeleton that rides a motorcycle -- there 's no excuse for it to be this dull .
It 's not as wild or as fun as it may sound -LRB- or that it needs to be to hit the midnight-movie sweet spot for which it aims -RRB- , but it 's a minor improvement on the unintentional silliness of the initial installment .
Crank directors Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor bring nothing of note to this hackneyed follow-up to the money-raking original .
A disappointing sequel that 's let down by a messy , frequently dull script , an uneven tone and a wildly over-the-top -LRB- but not in a good way -RRB- performance from Nicolas Cage .
Ordinarily I 'd be into the idea of seeing Nicolas Cage 's face burn , but alas , `` Ghost Rider : Spirit of Vengeance '' is not a documentary .
The standards of all involved are so obviously floorboard-high , there 's not much to say after the lights come up other than one of Blaze 's `` one-liners '' : `` So , that happened . ''
One look at the dreadful mess that is Ghost Rider : Spirit of Vengeance will turn your whisper into a primal Cage scream : MAKE THIS MOVIE STOP !
What more would one want ? Well , actually , quite a bit , but this movie ai n't got much more than that . Still , as noisesome entertainments go , it ` brings ' that thing we sometimes call ` it . '
Bad news for fans of the character , admirers of quality filmmaking , and anyone who forgot to bring some Tylenol to the screening .
Cage maintains his reign as Hollywood 's Captain of Crazy with a performance that sometimes feels like an impression of Andy Samberg 's impression of him .
Quite why Brian Taylor and Mark Neveldine , the directors of the brilliant Crank , got involved is anyone 's guess . Perhaps their tax bills were also due .
So it 's a half-certainty , half-shock that Ghost Rider : Spirit of Vengeance is both good and bad , a sequel that 's hungry for thrills but bereft of the cohesiveness-and budget-to be a full meal .
This sequel ends up feeling a bit like cinematic road kill , neither exciting nor comic enough to get anyone 's motor running .
A movie made by morons for morons and the only thing it will leave viewers with is a desperate need for an aspirin to be utilized in a non-contraceptive capacity .
This is a movie of shattering ineptitude , starting at the script and reaching into every aspect of the cheap , rushed , sh *** y-looking production .
Yeah , crazy Nic Cage pisses fire , but only for a second and in someone 's imagination , a great indication that even the characters in this film are dreaming of something better .
It 's ludicrously flimsy and over-the-top with a flaming chain whip included .
-LSB- S -RSB- o bad that the projector attempted suicide multiple times during the opening-day public showing I attended . This is very nearly the literal truth .
A lifeless continuation for a character best suited for the colored page , where his spiritual mystique is n't decimated by hammy acting , earthbound writing , and directors more interested in camera angles than propulsive storytelling .
Cage cuts loose with such campy abandon when he 's supposed to be tormented that even Johnny Blaze seems to get this is going nowhere .
Supernatural fantasy movies often work best when the film-maker 's tongue is planted firmly in the cheek .
Brings all the cartoonish insanity of the directors ' Crank to the -- let 's face it -- cartoonishly insane concept of the Ghost Rider . It 's a match made in , er , hell .
An aggressively mediocre improvement on the first film .
Funny in all the wrong places and long at 95 minutes . Cage might be on fine psychotic form , but the flaming skull barely manages a sizzle this time around .
Slightly improved in a few departments , but riddled yet again with a trashy script and groan-worthy aims at humor that do n't fit in with the film 's darker , grittier style .
Nicolas Cage 's return to the blazing bike saddle is a distinct improvement on its dire predecessor , although that is hardly a blistering recommendation of its quality .
If originality were a crime , this film 's screenplay would n't need a lawyer .
Spirit Of Vengeance is madder than a line of designer guinea pig pyjamas and possesses the energy of a pre-schooler on a diet of candy floss and insulin shots .
Ghost Rider : Spirit of Vengeance nudges its obscure hero 's mythology forward a bit without seeming to care much how it gets there .
`` Let 's just say good judgment 's not my forte , '' quips Cage at one point , although the line can also be applied in a broader sense .
There 's a fine line between jarring and unwatchable that Ghost Rider Spirit of Vengeance gleefully straddles which might make one wonder who exactly was meant to enjoy this experience .
It would have been nice to have seen someone brave enough to release a violent , scary , 18-rated Ghost Rider movie . They had the character , the actor and the directors to do it . Such a shame they did n't .
A frantic sequel that is tamer than the original but no more appealing .
While Ghost Rider 2 is about as subtle as a sledgehammer and positively drenched in pyrotechnics and car chases , it 's also rather fun and , like all the best comic books , a little cleverer than first impressions suggest .
More purgatory than hellfire .
Time for this rider to head off into the sunset .
Lacking even the perverse pleasure of a memorable Nicolas Cage performance , this messy superhero pic conjures unpleasant memories of what was until now Marvel 's biggest comic book failure , Elektra .
An original oxymoron of a movie ; an unholy mess that 's both relentlessly chaotic and mind-numbingly boring .
Ghost Rider ... can not claim to say much about human nature , but who could not love this actor ?
You 'll no doubt hear it said elsewhere , but , by comparison , this really does make the first Ghost Rider seem like stone-baked gold .

@highlight

With a weak script , uneven CG work , and a Nic Cage performance so predictably loony it 's no longer amusing , Ghost Rider : Spirit of Vengeance aims to be trashy fun but ends up as plain trash .