What remains undoubtable is how deeply moving it is to watch one shut-in after another be let loose , in a moment , by sound .
-LSB- Alive Inside -RSB- goes for the visceral instead of the intellectual , and in that it 's a success .
Alive Inside is a worthwhile reminder that life is a beautiful thing , and that something as simple as music can unlock the life within our most isolated peers .
-LRB- Director Michael -RRB- Rossato-Bennett and -LRB- subject Dan -RRB- Cohen struck me at times as being perhaps a little too self-congratulatory , yet the significance of this beautifully-composed documentary and the breakthroughs it depicts ca n't be denied .
`` We are made to age , '' filmmaker Michael Rossato-Bennett says about halfway through `` Alive Inside , '' which may be the most radical statement you 'll hear in a movie theater all year .
The iPods of Youth
`` Alive Inside '' contains a tiny revolution within its message , and will likely end up being one of the most important documentaries of the year .
Whle it an be faulted for its shortcomings as a film and even as an argument , it 's welcome for providing a glimpse of what amounts to an alternative treatment for the ever-growing number of Americans suffering from dementia .
Music here seems to have a miraculous power to lift up , to awaken , to reinvigorate .
Gratifying documentary .
Equal parts heart-wrenching and heart-lifting ...
Delivers significant emotion with a uneasy topic , finding a rich sense of hope in the seemingly hopeless inevitability of aging .
It 's not a particularly well-made movie , and the earnestness on the part of the filmmaker is such that you may find yourself wishing he 'd left himself out of the process .
I would have preferred a documentary that did more presenting and less pushing . But ... the music 's vivifying effect on old souls made for some of the most moving scenes I 've seen all year .
The movie effectively bullies you into feeling good ; with its hard sell and superfluous CG imagery , it might as well be a superhero movie .
The movie is at its best when documenting the reactions of various patients , which in some cases is nearly miraculous .
Uncovers the power of music to heal mentally and emotionally , while the drug corporations and nursing home industry oppose these efforts . Neither of which is in the business of curing patients , but rather perpetuating profits by treating symptoms instead .
Alive Inside is a small but vibrant miracle . The documentary finds hope and joy in one of our nation 's bleakest settings , nursing homes .
In a world drowning in bad news about dementia - an estimated 5 million Americans currently suffer , 10 million serve as their caregivers , with both numbers inevitably going up - `` Alive Inside '' is positively tonic .
The voice-over narration grows increasingly hucksterish and bathetic , dementia sufferers are reduced to generic images in uplifting montages , and the film begins to resemble an ad pitching some dubious charity or a retirement community .
Alive Inside packs as potent a simple emotional wallop as anything you 'll see - or hear - anywhere this year .
The movie , directed by Michael Rossato-Bennett , makes a powerful argument for the program .
The movie hovers between diatribe and misplaced diplomacy . At certain times , you want to ask Rossato-Bennett `` What 's the problem ? ''
Aging is inevitable but Michael Rossato-Bennett and Dan Cohen believe that there can be hope and joy in it .
obviously has a hugely worthy subject , so it is all the more infuriating that every time we 're about to be transported with the power of his message , Rossato-Bennett yanks us back to earth with another haranguing lecture .
Alive Inside is a charming and emotional documentary that dares us to think outside the box concerning the care and treatment of America 's growing population of seniors .
No film I 've seen better underlines the transcendental power and mysticism that music has over human emotions than Alive Inside ...
Inspiring tween-friendly docu on music 's impact on memory .
Unfortunately , it 's ... not a particularly good movie . In fact , at certain points it can be an actively annoying one .
A documentary that never leaves any doubt about what comes next , while single-mindedly stumping for a cause presented as unique , is also not terribly interesting as a film .
Incredibly moving and powerful documentary about combatting Alzheimer 's with music . Without the use of a single CGI effect , you see literal miracles happening here .
An extraordinary documentary about the healing power of music as medicine for the soul .
I think it 's important to recognize what this film is trying to do : raise awareness about dementia and the mistreatment of patients .
The doc is heartwarming , but it does n't delve deeply into the backstories that inform the ailing patients ' connection to the music that stirs their memories .
Alive Inside 's repetitive nature and lack of depth make it come across more like a fundraising effort than a movie ...
Dan Cohen 's crusade to bring music into nursing homes could be the leading edge of a monumental change in the way we approach the care and treatment of older people , especially the 5 million or so Americans living with dementia disorders .
Compellingly conveys how music - so intimately wedded to our emotions , and experiences - can help the severely ill elderly reconnect with themselves .
At times , Alive Inside 's editing style , which renders subjects as before/after cases , skirts dangerously close to Dr. Oz-like Miracle Cure territory .
It 's difficult to carefully consider Alive Inside : A Story of Music & Memorywhen it feels like a sappy high school video project .
Michael Rossato-Bennett captures some amazingly transformative results in the treatment of dementia through music .

@highlight

It 's somewhat clumsily expressed , but Alive Inside offers such an uplifting message that it 's ultimately hard to resist .