The movie is visually fun . It has a very simple animation style which actually works in its favor .
Captain Underpants would be easy to overlook as another kids-only waste of money . That 's not the case . The film subverts this every step of the way and constantly turns in new , unexpected directions .
As superhero films shift more in the direction of mature themes -LRB- even the PG-13 offerings are starting to push the envelope -RRB- , a specifically child-friendly hopeful franchise starter such as Captain Underpants : The First Epic Movie is an appreciated gift
... The Adventures of Captain Underpants entertains everything that lasts ... and more . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This tested my boundaries .
My interest waned during the chaotic final act when the narrative is put aside and we 're treated to a ho-hum , over-the-top action fest .
A good option for kids , if it 's okay for your children to come into contact with a little bit of eschatological humor . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Without a doubt it 's one of the best children 's comedies I 've seen all year and , quite possibly , one that accompanying parents will enjoy even more than their offspring .
Seldom has the link between Uranus jokes and the survival of mankind been drawn so convincingly .
Flatulent , but not fatuous fun .
David Soren 's computer-animated adaptation of Dav Pilkey 's hit series of children 's books avoids the pitfalls with enough success to amuse all ages .
A sweet , silly and fun animated comedy , Captain Underpants : The First Epic Movie is adapted from the lovably lowbrow children 's books of author-illustrator Dav Pilkey .
A film proud of its basic humor and its crude jokes ... and precisely because of that , it works so well . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Takes being a child quite seriously , and makes no effort to speak above the heads of the 11-year-olds in the audience .
a whole lot of escapist enjoyment .
An original , funny and crazy story that teaches us the true value of friendship and teamwork . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Cinematographically impeccable , a children 's film that the adults will enjoy as well . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film has an atmosphere of innocence and nostalgia that invites us to rediscover the genuine pleasures of the excitement and amusement that recess provoked in us . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Surprisingly , and unlike a pair of the titular heroes y-fronts , Captain Underpants : The First Epic Movie never really rubs you up the wrong way .
Relies too heavily on toilet humor and lacks positive morals or teachings . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
` Captain Underpants ' is clever , laugh-out-loud fun .
Captain Underpants : The First Epic Movie may be silly , stupid and ridiculous , but it 's incredibly creative with its humour , animation , characters and story that its silliness makes it all part of its charm .
In some respects it 's a bit too pleased with itself , but it breezes by fast enough to make those summer holiday trips to the movies a little more bearable .
Silly and aimed squarely at the younger crowd , Captain Underpants has enough spirit to be entertaining . Just do n't expect it to work all the time .
This movie plays like Ferris Bueller in fourth class and even includes Yello 's Oh Yeah by way of a tribute . Chicka , chicka !
The film highlights the value of creativity , friendship and more than anything , has a good sense of humor . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Funny , absurd and smart-stupid enough to keep everyone happy .
A snappy animated comedy with a lovely , gooey , sentimental heart .
If the story is strictly one-ply thin , the pre-tween perspective is upheld with infectious exuberance .
The spasmodic , overheated animation alone will probably be catnip to younger audiences but Captain Underpants ... also displays some very subversive comedy writing that exudes a level of mischief that at times would make even Pixar blush .
The ensuing slapstick and general craziness are silly , funny and delivered at sugar-rush speed .
Young kids will have a giggle and even grown-ups might crack a smile . A very pleasant surprise .
It 's not a classic DreamWorks film but there 's enough here to keep little ones laughing and parents from nodding off .
In the best way , it 's a gas .
It 's a dizzily silly collection of sly cultural references . It 's visually inventive , narratively agile . And yes , it has fart gags .
If ever we needed an antidote to the mythologising pomposity of superhero movies , it 's now . Enter Captain Underpants , a lovable and winningly irreverent animation inspired by the children 's novels of Dav Pilkey .
Sweet , subversive , and absolutely hilarious , at once a snarky superhero sendup and an unironically joyful celebration of friendship and imagination .
There 's nothing epic about this stinker of a film .
See it , laugh at it , love it . And take your best friend -- they 'll appreciate it .
A hugely likeable animated film about two cornerstones of childhood : wild imaginations and bottom jokes .
If you grew up being told that toilet humour is n't funny , try this .
Captain Underpants is wondrously inane and bizarre entertainment .
It 's a thoroughly entertaining and likable film : two qualities that look easy but are anything but . Captain Underpants deserves a franchise .
Just when your brain 's starting to ache , the film chucks in another subversive crack about America 's failing school system , or a genuinely hilarious sock-puppet-animated flashback .
Sharp , zippy , impressively animated and surprisingly funny , the movie is another welcome bit of levity at the movies and a reminder to Hollywood that kid 's films deserve more craft to them .
A great pastime that offers a kind of fun similar to the cartoons that we used to watch in the mornings at the time that the animated cinema of Hollywood seemed forgotten . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While I ca n't foresee -LSB- Captain Underpants -RSB- spawning any additional cinematic chapters in George and Harold 's heroic tale , if it sends viewers to the library and the bookstore to discover what happens next that 's perfectly fine by me .
The level of this film is more of an eschatological joke that is , of course , childish but lacks of the slightest grace , despite its naivety . The gags are shameful even for children . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film does n't stop bringing together huge amounts of naive eschatological gags with brilliant and extemporaneous critical references about government neglecting education and the unjustly paid teachers . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An entertaining movie for children -LRB- that does n't embarrass adults -RRB- . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It defends the therapeutic power of the most primitive laugh and that 's ok , but it would 've been better if , instead of devoting itmself to shooting so many fireworks , it would 've been concerned to be funnier . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Captain Underpants bursts with anarchic energy , and I still laugh out loud when I remember the villain voiced by Nick Kroll revealing his full name as Professor P. P. Diahrreastein Poopypants .
Juvenile humor abounds in Captain Underpants , but the movie is smart about the way it contextualizes this lowbrow comedy . There 's an innocence about it all , a rarity in this genre , one with which adults will nostalgically connect .
George Clooney once said '' -LSB- flatulence is -RSB- one of the funniest things in the history of mankind , '' a sentiment shared by children , men , and dogs everywhere . ` Captain Underpants ' cheerfully brings the potty humor .
Giddy satire gives way to lazy bombast in this animated adaptation of Dav Pilkey 's children 's book series .
Captain Underpants ' plethora of animation styles -LRB- including a wonderful sock puppet sequence -RRB- separates the film into imaginative sublayers , keeping it from feeling like the one-joke wonder that it often edges towards .
When the fan sprays potty jokes all over the wall , everyone likely will laugh at something . In our family . the 3-year-old giggled whenever she heard the surname of the villainous Prof. Poopypants -LRB- and wait 'll you get a load of his full name -RRB- !
Captain Underpants : The First Epic Movie perfectly captures the goofy spirit of its source material . Plus , it has a theme song performed by Weird Al , so how can it go wrong ?
In the end , it 's impossible to ignore the fact that this feature is devoid of even the simplest positive morals or takeaways . And it 's not quite funny or wry enough to forgive its weaknesses .
It 's a bird ! it 's a plane ! It 's a kids ' movie that wo n't make grownups want to manually remove their own toenails !
This is the kind of movie that includes fart jokes , but also includes its own built-in critique and aesthetic appreciation of fart jokes .
Yes , the humor of Captain Underpants is juvenile , but in this case that 's a compliment . This is a movie for the inner 8-year-old in all of us .
The friendship of George and Harold is celebrated , and the cheery vocal work of Hart and Middleditch gives the picture its sprightly spirit .
The film also inventively incorporates CG animation , live-action sock puppets and a flipbook to bring to life the pages of Pilkey 's sentimental ode to boyhood .
The frantic action is frequently funny , with giant toilet monsters attempting to establish a new excremental world order
While crude humor rules the day in this animated adventure , there 's also a good-natured playfulness that provides some solid laughs above the belt .
For something called Captain Underpants , there 's more to it than meets the eye .
Captain Underpants is a potty humor masterpiece . It is meant for young children , but the adults will also be chuckling .
I do n't think Captain Underpants : The First Epic Movie should be as good as it is -- which is to say , light and breezy and solid early-summertime fun -- solely because its name is Captain Underpants .
Clever , sweet , smart and sassy , the animated Captain Underpants : The First Epic Movie is stuffed with many weird and funny elements .
While the movie is solidly and unapologetically pitched towards kids , it has a subversive streak that is as genuine and sharp as anything whipped up by Roald Dahl .
Thanks to a top-notch screenplay by Nicholas Stoller , Captain Underpants : The First Epic Movie manages to be both a faithful adaptation of Dav Pilkey 's source material and a fun-filled animated adventure suitable for all ages .
There 's a blissful silliness to all this that works on adults and kids alike .
I have n't been this surprisingly delighted with an animated feature I 'd been skeptical about since Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs .
The important thing is that while the production never reaches for intellectual grandeur , it is on a very basic level one of the funniest movies of the year .
It 's an odd mix , to be sure , but for celebrating a child 's creative urge , the transformative power of art and the pleasure of undressing power with wit , Captain Underpants is a sweet brief encounter .
The underlying messages here are all uplifting . Boring school can be made fun . Making art is good . Creativity rules . So do true friendship and love . The occasional butt joke harms no one . And if it bothers an uptight adult , all the better .
All of this is bound by the boys ' fight against evil to keep fun alive . `` Captain Underpants '' does just that . Have fun !
In adapting Dav Pilkey 's children 's books for the big screen , Captain Underpants director David Soren -LRB- Turbo -RRB- and screenwriter Nicholas Stoller -LRB- Neighbors -RRB- get remarkably steady comic rewards out of whoopee cushions and toilets .
Book-based adventure is fun ... if you like potty humor .
There is a lot here to entertain the kids without talking down to them or corrupting them . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Crude Humor , etc. - also Available -RRB-
They 've preserved Pilkey 's exuberant drawing style as well as his understanding of what sort of humor is guaranteed to make young kids laugh until their sides hurt .
The one-joke soon wears thin , and nothing - particularly the labor-saving animation and hideous-to-behold character design - can keep Underpants from stinking .
Strictly for young audiences , or at least anyone who finds the very pronunciation of diarrhea hilarious .
Strikes a nice balance between the witty and the lowbrow .
It will make adults and kids chuckle openly and often .
The movie is fresh , fun , and breezy .
Captain Underpants : The First Epic Movie celebrates friendship , creativity , animation , and potty humor .
Mildly entertaining with only a few laugh-out-loud moments .
There is nothing in it of redeeming value for any adult cinephile . Drop your kids off , find something to do for 89 minutes , then pick 'em up .
When you get beyond the toilet humor -LRB- fart jokes , nods to Uranus -RRB- there 's a lovely story of true-blue friendship .
The innocent animation style and sincere performances create a world that is heightened in every possible way , and yet utterly recognizable . This was n't childhood , certainly , but it 's what childhood FELT like .
Creative parents ' hearts are sure to be warmed when the school arts program is reinstated , and anyone who 's ever been a kid can appreciate the fourth graders ' mission to `` make school fun again . ''
The whole movie breaks the fourth wall so it should be no surprise when the other three walls go down too .
It 's silly , and silly can be good . It is here for a while ...
For a film that is almost entirely based on toilet humor of the fourth grade reading level , you may be surprised that there is some sage wisdom to be found in the saga of Captain Underpants .
The zany , over-the-top tone of The First Epic Movie makes it pretty obvious that , like its protagonists , the series does n't take itself too seriously .
In his big screen debut , Captain Underpants brings a much-needed irreverence and tongue in cheek sense of adventure to the superhero genre that should please more than just its target audience .
If you can channel your inner grade-schooler and appreciate a villain named Professor Poopypants , you 'll giggle at the irreverent world of `` Captain Underpants . ''
The best animated movies for children are sublime . This one generally settles for noisy , though it throws in a positive message at the end .
... the best kids ' movie to embrace creativity over rules since `` The Lego Movie . '' It 's simply delightful .
Captain Underpants : The First Epic Movie was written by Nicholas Stoller , who includes funny stuff that will appeal to kids -- the name Professor Poopypants likely makes it unnecessary to explain further -- as well as humour aimed at adults .
Pilkey 's Underpants series leaves ample room for sequels . And tra-la-laaa to that .
Captain Underpants ' unquenchable desire to make kids laugh is ultimately what wins you over with its charm .
The film is packed with mirthful pranksterism , a vigorous anti-authoritarian streak , and literal potty humor .
It 's funny , it 's visually inventive and it 's just a little bit sweet .
While the movie will undoubtedly please the under-eight set ... older kids and their parents might find their tolerance tested and long for a return of ` Big Hero 6 ' instead .
In the absence of a sturdier storyline and more dimensional characters , the manic , rapid-fire delivery , while yielding some well-deserved laughs , proves more exhausting than inspired .
`` Captain Underpants '' is n't out to be more than a trifle ; that 's part of its appeal . It 's not so much potty-mouthed as it is a potty-minded kiddie burlesque , one that finds the supreme innocence in naughtiness .
In an increasingly mean-spirited world , the spirit of fun and kindness in `` Captain Underpants '' is simply a tonic .
It 's hard to say the name `` Captain Underpants '' without smiling , and the big-screen debut of the skivvies-clad superhero maintains that same goofy , innocently naughty nature for nearly its entire running time .
A superhero dressed only in briefs and a cape slingshots underwear at a mad scientist named Professor Poopypants . Just those names had my son rolling in his seat . And despite the lowbrow gags , or perhaps because of them , I cracked a few grins , too .
Endlessly inventive and anarchic
Faithful to the whoopee-cushion spirit of Dav Pilkey 's books , with some sly humor for grown-ups .
The youthfully attuned spirit of the storytelling gives it an authenticity recalling classic `` Peanuts '' cartoons , right down to the off-key singing .
In its most spirited moments , Captain Underpants is smart enough to recognize that being dumb can be its strongest asset .
With animation and superheroes overcrowding the multiplex , the burnout factor looms large for an animated superhero . Fortunately , `` Captain Underpants '' flies to the rescue of both genres .

@highlight

With a tidy plot , clean animation , and humor that fits its source material snugly , Captain Underpants : The First Epic Movie is entertainment that wo n't drive a wedge between family members .