But in the middle of all this straining for zaniness , there is an extended sequence that demonstrates just how bad , bad acting can be .
Not great , but Olsen twin fans wo n't care .
A basic rip-off of `` Ferris Bueller '' ...
Most viewers will likely be checking their watches , probably wishing this Minute were gone in 60 seconds .
-LSB- The stars -RSB- never attempt to do anything outside their limited range ; like , for example , act .
Stanley Kubrick once said , ` If it can be written , or thought , it can be filmed . ' Obviously , he had never seen the script for New York Minute .
Histrionically speaking , the Olsens could n't be called twin peaks , but they 're getting there .
Separately the characters are annoying ; together it 's unnervingly like watching one actress playing twins .
A hectic , overcooked sugar rush of a movie .
Esta atrocidade poderia representar um embaraço para todos os envolvidos , caso estes tivessem algum senso de ridículo - o que , a julgar por este longa , não parece ser o caso .
It 's as inhumane to the actresses as it is to the audience that 's supposed to receive it as `` family entertainment . ''
Who would have thunk the twins from The Shining should have their own movie ?
Mayhem rules and this slapstick comedy offer a lot of action , sudden turns , and some wild and crazy stuff .
... too much eye-liner and not enough talent ...
New York Minute is a deep incision , part of our ongoing national lobotomy .
The biggest cinematic human rights violation since Bad Boys II .
... the Olsens crassly demonstrate that the quickest way for young women to dress for success is to wear as little as possible .
The film rests on a contrived and predictable plot .
... an awful film .
It simply relies on the hope that Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen have such a devoted fan base that they will immediately rush out and support their film , no matter how bad it may be .
In what alternate universe could we really find an Olsen twin -LRB- which one hardly matters -RRB- playing drums on a recording of Bowie 's `` Suffragette City ? ''
At last -- a film that will appeal to both the tween market and the raincoat crowd ! -LRB- Some folks say art ca n't bring people together ? -RRB-
It 's all lifeless material that might have been saved by the leads ' charms , but as it turns out , they have none .
All that 's really resolved is that the Olsens are n't very accomplished actors , and a plot as contrived as this is a slap in the face to anyone in the audience over age 10 , but this is hardly unexpected .
Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen have many millions of dollars ... But in New York Minute , despite a lavish budget and one of the most expensive movie sets in the world -- the island of Manhattan -- they ca n't buy love , talent , or a decent script .
The Olsen girls ' `` Minute '' seems like hours and hours of silly entertainment
The twin millionaires bust up an international piracy ring to help make the world safe again for the manufacturers of overpriced CDs and DVDs ...
-LSB- It -RSB- may be the first movie that could play in a double feature with either something with Hillary Duff or Lindsay Lohan or with one of the film versions of Lolita .
Dear Eugene Levy : Please consider me as a qualified candidate for the position of your agent .
-LSB- No nudity -RSB- is shown , but the point is made : guys , they know what you 're thinking .
A terminally lame teen comedy with a grade-school mentality .
... a misguided vanity piece for the twin teenyboppers . Shockingly , this is one pronounced slab of pre-adolescent pabulum at its finest ... or at its worst-simply take your pick
Ikkkkkkkkkkk !
Overly broad and silly at times .
The further you are from being a teenage girl , the less likely this movie is going to appeal to you .
The weakest part of New York Minute turns out to be the Olsen Twins themselves .
To say that New York Minute is a vehicle for the Olsen sisters is perhaps a slight to four-wheeled conveyances of all kinds .
Gordon keeps the pace brisk , and between makeovers and pratfalls , the girls deliver an easy-to-swallow dose of girl power .
Even when it feels forced , the Olsen twins ' appeal -- I freely admit -- remains a two-for-one bargain .
Falls somewhere between a home video and a full-blown movie .
Veteran observers of the small and famous may watch Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen in New York Minute , and think : Pia Zadora , even smaller , but doubled .
The surprise is that it 's the kind of larky entertainment that can make adults feel younger , rather than older , which is the effect that most films for teens have on their elders .
The Olsen girls were produced in Burbank , Calif. 's cute-kid laboratories for Full House , have since made more than 40 movies and TV shows . They appear grimly determined to be cute co-stars until their 2055 version of The Sunshine Girls .
If there was any doubt that this Olsen twins vehicle would be targeted directly at the dirty old men of the Internet who know just how many days remain before the gals turn 18 , it evaporates minutes into the flick .
Pure pablum and tiresome in the bargain .
Oh , yes , New York belongs to the Olsen twins , not vice versa . There 's enough self-love to fuel a Streisand film .
The story is supposed to be about the twins ' adventures in Manhattan . Mostly it 's an excuse for the two to visit different neighborhoods and the script to drag in every stereotype the writers can think of .
In trying to straddle both the grown-up and kiddie worlds with this inappropriately sexualized effort ... the Olsens have lost their footing .
Carefully designed for maximum blandness .
The only thing missing is a laugh track .
It 's an idiotic and utterly bogus confection , as it must be , but at least it has a pleasing level of pacing -LRB- it scoots along without screeching -RRB- and some minor-key subversive flashes .
It 's as if someone took three or four of the Adventures of Mary-Kate and Ashley videos and stitched them together in a way that is convoluted and strangely plotless .
Ashley and Mary-Kate are passable actors , which puts them in the same league as Hilary Duff , Amanda Bynes and Mandy Moore , but light years behind Allison Loman .
Just know that it never gets sitcomish enough to make adults squirm with homicidal rage , it 's fun to watch and your pre-adolescent will love it .
Viewers likely will have more patience counting down the Olsen twins ' last days of childhood than sitting through their film .
The effect is n't just frenetic , unfunny and dull . It 's kind of creepy .
Uncle Jesse and Joey must have been too busy to make appearances . Lucky them .
It 's a charming , zestful romp .
The unapologetic , no-consequence nature of the characters ' activities here , as well as the constant flow of dress-them-up Barbie outfits the twins don , wallow in the worst sort of amorality and image-is - everything indulgence .
As coy sleaze goes , the new Olsen twins ' movie does n't match Britney Spears 's Crossroads , but it comes close .
There are so many completely laughless stretches that this under-90-minutes feature feels considerably longer .
Engineered to provide the same level of entertainment as a sugar rush , this frantic teen -LRB- pre-teen ? -RRB- fantasy has the feel of something concocted in a lab specializing in energy drinks and peachy complexions .
Put the blame on a script that maims the movie 's middling intentions by playing New York City 's ethnic vibrancy as either obvious joke or more obvious menace .
A textbook example of a film created as a ` vehicle ' but without any ideas about where the vehicle should go .
After a brisk opening half-hour , New York Minute 's promising start devolves into a parade of chase and slapstick bits you 've seen a dozen times before .
For those not part of the Olsen industrial complex , New York Minute often feels creepy and lecherous , like it was made by a family ` uncle . '
-LSB- T -RSB- here 's -LSB- a -RSB- side to the film that nauseates me : the PG-porn undertone ...
-LSB- It -RSB- has the creepy effect of ensuring we see the Olsens as sexually awakened young women -- all within the confines of a PG rating .
A passable few hours of screwball teen comedy clichés and two almost-adults running around in nothing but terrycloth towels .
This movie is for Olsen twin fans - and nobody else .
... a big-screen feature with a direct-to-video plot .
The Olsens go the Britney route in this unfortunate Minute
Comes with an inherent disclaimer that nobody but 11-year-old girls are going to dig it .
As Ashley whines while slogging with Mary-Kate through a sewer : `` There is no bright side ! ''
There is not a minute of it that makes sense . Cause and effect are meaningless . There is no real humor . It is a dour trainwreck of a faux-screwball movie .
Here 's a movie aimed at young girls that must have been created with the ` tired businessman ' -- or at least the hormonally charged older brother -- squarely in mind .
Even more insipid than you 'd guess , Minute is infrequently made bearable by the cutie-quotient of its richer-than-sin leads .
It 's generally good policy to be wary of entertainers who are more famous for their product lines than actually performing .
A packed-to-the-rafters theater -LRB- including 82 males -RRB- ca n't be wrong ...
It 's like watching your neighbor 's modestly talented daughters perform -- they 're dutiful and hard-working , but oddly uncomfortable considering that they 've been in front of cameras since the age of one .
Mary-Kate and Ashley sprint through Manhattan on the run from a truant officer and a limo driver in this crisp and professional teenage caper comedy .
There 's a sense that it 's straining to reach the core mom-daughter audience that made Freaky Friday a success last year .
The cast is cute and the action is colorful , but the comedy is n't as captivating as it sets out to be .
OK , it 's not like I 'm ready to join the local chapter of the Ashley and Mary-Kate fan club , but I admit it : I kind of liked New York Minute .
Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen ... have evolved into nimble comic actresses , with expressive voices and sharp timing .
Moldering glob of spun sugar .
A coy , frantic attempt at screwball comedy , lightly seasoned and more than a little gummy .
As sterile and devoid of personality as a mall parking lot .
Instantly forgettable thanks to a mediocre screenplay .
Mary-Kate and Ashley Olson are not actresses and they are not movie stars . What they are is a brand .
Having made several direct-to-video forgettables , the Olsens somehow believe they 're ready for the big screen . They 're not .
The sheer oddness of this moment can not be overstated , as the Olsens are exemplary narrow-bottomed white girls .
A fire-sale slapstick scenario .
More bogus than a Gucci bag for sale on a Fifth Avenue sidewalk .
If it actually lived up to its title and lasted a mere New York minute , it might be tolerable . Unfortunately , it drags on for ninety-three ordinary ones , and it 's not .
The sense of calculation is overwhelming , down to the loose threads on Roxy 's Metallica T-shirt .
So strictly amateur-hour that it could end up as a camp classic .
When Bob Saget is the best thing you have going for you in a movie , you 're up the creek ... New York Minute may be the worst movie I have ever seen .
Aptly named `` Minute '' moves easily enough -LRB- despite -RRB- a silly , shallow screenplay laden with so much more absurdity than any screwball comedy should tolerate .
Add a full star if you 've ever wasted an afternoon dreaming up similar adventures with your Barbie dolls .
The girls learn the value of sisterhood during an afternoon full of freaky encounters with other ethnic groups .
Ferris Bueller 's Day Off re-enacted by over-sensualized , underage spider-monkeys .
Will satisfy young girls and dudes horny for Mary-Kate and Ashley , but anyone looking for wit or originality better look elsewhere .
Sizzles with unbounded charm .
Harmless , sweet and sprightly - but wholly devoid of original thought .
Shouts out a substantial sense of Girl Power to a large and loyal fan base that can officially count me as one of their number .
The whole project reeks of vanity .
Interesting that the two groups naturally attracted to it are pre-teen girls and dirty old men , and what it does best is teach the one how to be attractive to the other .
An off-putting assault of too-screwball comedy with glints of pathos .
The movie flows nicely from one wacky episode to the next , and the Olsen girls make pleasant company .
Revelatory of our collective ignorance and fear of ` otherness , ' New York Minute is as dishonest about sex as it is about race .








@highlight

Feels more like a calculated product designed to expand the Olsens ' brand than an actual movie . Also , it contains ethnic stereotyping and sexual innuendo .