The plot unravels rather than cranking up . The McGuffin with Spooner can be seen coming from a long way off , while the film jinks rather than twists towards its inevitable climax .
A dreary action-mystery that spends far too much time mucking around a villainous plot that is n't nearly as difficult to unravel as the protagonist makes it .
... the movie starts to really lose its way , and tries to distract us , the audience , with lots ' o big stupid action moments and slow-mo shots of Will Smith flying through the air , yelling `` YARGHHHHH !! '' spraying bullets as he goes .
Will Smith almost redeems generic man vs. machine actioner .
Pretty to look at but there 's not much under the hood in this Isaac Asimov-based futuristic murder mystery ...
A lot of fun with excellent direction ...
It feels like an anonymous Hollywood studio film that overwhelmed the director with the demands to fashion a blockbuster vehicle for its star .
The movie is at least a bit less annoying than director Alex Proyas ' previous two genre attempts .
Smith 's occasional sullenness suggests he is itching for another Ali-like chance to prove his acting chops even as he slums his way through another high-tech shoot - 'em - up .
Sonny , voiced by Alan Tudyk , is the equal of the other two leads both in his screen presence and the empathy he draws from the audience .
If you are looking for proof that Hollywood has completely run out of ideas , check out I , Robot .
As I , Robot details how Smith must fight for his survival against an army of white men whom he alone knows are evil , the film might have been called ` I , Hollywood ' .
A thriller typically is only as good as its villain , and too many of them are bloodless here . Except for the hot-blooded performance of Smith ... the movie is cool , right down to its color scheme .
For those who like their sci-fi to have the depth and breadth of comic books .
... passable as a vibrating escapist flick in spite of Proya 's sporadically flat direction and the uneven interpretation of Asimov 's wry commentary
An enjoyable action flick .
A dull , derivative -LSB- film -RSB- with no new ideas and a main character who , while clearly simple-minded , is somehow the smartest guy in the story .
Nobody is going to mistake this future noir for Spielberg 's Minority Report , but for a light-headed adrenaline rush , it works pretty well .
The extras begin with an intelligent , interesting and thorough audio commentary by director Alex Proyas and writer Akiva Goldsman .
A film so detached from Asimov 's vision , it emerges as a destabilized attempt at reworking an already-polished concept .
Based on Isaac Asimov 's short story collection and directed by Alex Proyas , who did much better with ` Dark City ' and ` The Crow . '
This is jaw-droppingly juvenile and insulting to my intelligence . Perhaps its subject matter is obsolete . Asimov deserved better .
An uninspired , recycled action thriller .
Whether there 's anything substantial under the sheen and CGI of Alex Proyas ' glistening future vision is debatable , but this enjoyable , engrossing picture is at least intelligently artificial .
It may or may not come as a surprise , but Will Smith is out-acted by the robots .
Better than anyone had any right to expect .
... The key to what makes `` I , Robot '' work is a well thought out script ...
A multi-villain axis of evil and a pulpy vision that feels machine-hacked .
This summer picture has a brain as well as muscles .
Os resquícios da obra original de Asimov são o bastante para que possamos sair do cinema razoavelmente satisfeitos .
Proyas succumbs to the inane post-Matrix tendency to pump up action sequences with sudden moments of slow motion gymnastics that are almost laughable
A B-movie blast about power and greed
It 's all mechanically done , but at least I Robot manages to be entertaining .
rises above plot holes and stilted dialogue just enough to be a fun Sunday afternoon Matinee
A-by-the-numbers action film retrofitted as a sci-fi work of art .
... better than I ever expected it to be on most levels .
Props itself up with allusions to Deep Thoughts but in reality is just a long action movie gussied up in special effects .
Far from perfect , but it 's entertaining , well-executed and definately worth a look .
I , Robot succeeds where other movies that blend science fiction and mystery fiction have failed .
A fun , surprisingly smart ride that is also true to the spirit of Asimov 's more thoughtful and low-key work .
... every once in awhile , this summer popcorn sci-fi movie provides a glimmer of Asimov ...
I , Robot is a disappointment not because of what it is , but because of what it could have been .
Mixing animation and live action nearly seamlessly , I , ROBOT turns Isaac Asimov 's robot world into the backdrop for a prosaic summer action film .
I , Robot is the meanest , meatiest , coolest , most engaging and exciting science fiction movie in a long time .
For all its flaws , I , Robot is arresting to look at .
I , Robot is the summer 's best action movie so far . It proves that you do n't necessarily need to detach your brain in order to walk into a big budget summer blockbuster .
It 's a hard thing to pay attention to , as you 'll be too busy analyzing the inherent impossibilities created by the plot holes and groaning loudly over the '70s - era TV-cop-show schtick .
I , Robot fails to do much of anything other than take our money and repay us with some moments of CGI-induced spectacle and a handful of rehashed ideas .
It 's good to know that , in the future , we can still thaw out a cryogenically-preserved Will Smith to save the world every July .
Delivers the goods as a zippy piece of sci-fi pulp .
I , Robot is that rare entry among summer blockbusters -- a film with something on its mind .
A thinking person 's action picture ... it is definitely one of this summer 's better blockbusters .
... feels like a promising -LRB- if brazenly derivative -RRB- sci-fi actioner that was at some crucial point hijacked by the ego of a desperately needy superstar .
When ` I , Robot ' digs in to deliver the goods , it does so with first-rate action and special effects sequences that are thrilling .
I , Robot is an enthralling bit of genre fiction ; overcoming an uncertainty of focus with a handful of terrific scenes .
The film 's accumulation of unnecessary complications , bad visual choices , one completely superfluous character -LRB- LaBeouf -RRB- , and tonally inappropriate quips makes us distractedly ponder the limits of human rather than artificial intelligence .
Even with its flaws , I , Robot still computes to being a warm-weather winner .
By adeptly combining action and ideas , it proves that Hollywood can still produce astonishing entertainment .
Strives to be so many things that it ultimately falls away to nothing , a heap of expensive metal parts .
While not a classic by any means , is still a mostly entertaining experience .
I , Robot may not break much new ground , but it 's engaging enough in what it does to keep the viewer interested .
It 's a good , workmanlike popcorn movie , but nothing more
The plot is n't very smart or exciting , but the action , including the scene in which the house is demolished , is spectacular .
Rather than a thoughtful adaptation of a venerated piece of sci-fi lit , we get a dumbed-down litany of deliberate clichés and digital white noise .
Maybe we should start having robots write movie scripts .
Pasajera , veraniega y con fórmulas probadas , seguro que generará ingresos , a costa de dejarnos en la espera de una cinta que rinda tributo a Asimov con dignidad .
It 's fun , sure , but uninspired . We 've seen it all before ... Will Smith does his old Will Smith thing again , with only the minimum level of actual entertainment to dress it up .
Pretty to look at but as cold and removed as its title character .
... a slick , consistently entertaining thrill ride ...
You hope for another `` Independence Day '' but what you get is another `` Wild , Wild West '' .
A robot must protect itself as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Law , the Law of Thermodynamics , the Law of the Jungle , or Law and Order : SVU .
Best of all , this is a story that 's actually about something .
Good character development and the great on-screen chemistry between Smith and Bridget Moynahan also give this movie a big boost .
Asimov 's anthology is an Orwellian cautionary tale -LRB- written before the term existed -RRB- . Alex Proyas ' film is a Big Dumb Summer Action Movie starring Will Smith .
Despite an admirable effort on the part of its creative team , this new technological thriller is at odds with itself from the very first moments .
The message is old hat by now , but I , Robot is a genuine Will Smith Movie . What more do you need ?
It 's a flimsily sketched psychological sci-fi movie that never feels more than being robotic .
-LSB- E -RSB- nough breathtaking visuals to make you forgive the movie its plot holes and its tendency to lapse into product placement parody .
The script is a lackadaisical and choppy thing , more interested in showing off Smith 's buff bod -LRB- successfully -RRB- and his sharp wit -LRB- not so successfully -RRB-
For the most part , this is thrilling fun .
Succeed on its own terms as an entertaining mid-season popcorn movie .
A failure of imagination .
Performances , plot and pacing are as mechanical as the hard-wired cast .
An unexpectedly engaging futuristic mystery .
Despite its familiar , derivative , yet ironic , story , it 's a sleek , stylish , sinister fun-flick with a speculative metaphysical ending that makes you think .
A CGI-laced action movie cum merchandising opportunity , warped into insensate silliness by the pop-iconic demands of Smith 's megabucks macho action-hero persona and peppered with stock cop-on-the - edge action-movie situations .
Substandard Will Smith action-hero vehicle .
... what we basically have here is a summer movie disguised as a sci-fi epic . On that level , it works .
-LSB- The screenplay is -RSB- good enough to keep things moving , to supply Smith with one - liners and to provide an excuse for the compelling backdrop .
The film goes where you expect , with the rather programmed feel of a ` classic ' revisited with both money and zeal .
This movie is blatant when it should have been subtle , and this is never more evident than in the unpleasant performance of its star , Will Smith .
Smart and remarkably well-plotted .
While I , Robot is consistently entertaining and considerably smarter than your average summer action flick , it 's never particularly exciting or emotionally compelling .
A middling entertainment .
Taken simply as a Will Smith Summer Blockbuster , I , Robot scores above average .
I , Robot is everything a summer blockbuster should be
Much of the movie feels dull or derivative .
Surprisingly smart , cool-looking , nicely paced and well-acted .
I , Robot is fun , even when it relies a bit too much on standard police-procedure cliches .
Will Smith is darker , sexier in his latest summer blockbuster ... but despite an entertaining execution of Isaac Asimov 's robotic visions , it leaves you cold .
It 's an intriguing mix , if not always a smooth one . Yet , to its credit , I , Robot never gives up on -LSB- its -RSB- ideas , not even at the height of all the sound and fury .
Purely mechanical scenario owes much to robot-think , but little to Asimov 's scientifically informed humanism .
Pretty good science fiction .
May be slick , but it 's as cold and dehumanized as a robot .
-LSB- Asimov -RSB- probably would have been ` appalled by ' this cartoonish creation .
Plays like a compendium of summer blockbusters .
A movie of its kind and of its time -- functional , professional , slickly manufactured and slouching toward consciousness -- I , Robot is a perfect slave to mechanical convention .
As far as popcorn summer flicks go , this one 's error-free .
Will Smith fans will likely be disappointed , and lovers of fine cinema best look elsewhere . But if you 're looking for robots going crazy , this one 's worth your money .
Director Alex Proyas lays on the Tomorrowland awe of shiny metallics , techno-worship and fascist efficiency that make the future look like a nice place to visit .
In the end , what will be remembered is how disappointing a treatment this is of some pretty revered source material .
A watchable enough piece of summer entertainment .
An engaging CGI-fueled ride .
-LSB- A -RSB- self-important , derivative and muddled sci-fi thriller .
The plot is simple-minded and disappointing , and the chase and action scenes are pretty much routine for movies in the sci-fi CGI genre .
A summer action movie that has a brain and does n't let it atrophy ? Fan me , I 'm fainting !
The sort of multiplex-buster that depends more on editing and production design than on story line .
When Smith and Monaghan are interacting with Sonny the robot , you swear he 's a real person who just happens to look a bit odd .
... a Will Smith cop picture with the slight novelty of having robots as perps .
Robots , explosions , gunplay , action , Will Smith ... hmmm , it must be July .
The Three Laws of Robotics still seem as fresh , compelling and provocative as ever .
It 's an action thriller that races at breakneck speed and dazzles the audience , even if this program still has a few bugs to iron out .
... Thrilling , it 's intriguing and most of all , a lot of fun . It frankly takes a welcome ` byte ' out of every other blockbuster on show at the moment
The special effects are uninspiringly video-gamey and that John Woo - and Matrix-imbued , slo-mo mid-air stuntwork is unfulfillingly cliché ...
Perhaps some day the original Asimov stories will make it to the screen ... -LSB- T -RSB- his I , Robot is one of the best science-fiction films we 're likely to see this year .
Bad ` bots , bad ` bots , what ya gon na do ?
There 's no swifter way to ruin ` not bad ' than a reminder of something truly great ... and for I , Robot , that reminder is never further away than the title .
This Asimov-inspired adaptation is the rare summer blockbuster that supplies an actual science fiction story - albeit cleverly packaged to look like a ` Will Smith movie . '
An overbudgeted , underscripted , lazy piece of work
So the unlikely allies : A robot hater , a robot lover and a robot , all team up to solve the case . It 's kinda cute .
A good story with one of two parts that malfunction - the wise-guy comedy is going to make the movie more commercial , but in this case , it hurts the story .
A real missed opportunity - a potentially groundbreaking film reduced to a mess fit only for the slack-jawed mallrats that it is being aimed ...
Big-budget , big-effects tale of men and machines has a tiny imagination and a robo-crafted soul .
-LSB- B -RSB- reaks new cinematic ground in the realm of speculative scientific philosophy ... for 1953 .
It 's a Will Smith movie ... with robots . It 's a brilliant concept , really .
Filmmaker Alex Proyas finally finds the perfect balance between the real world and the one of his imagination , breathing humanity into a genre gleaming with artifice .
A freshly microwaved mix of Blade Runner and Minority Report topped with a big dollop of cheese .
I , Robot is a movie destined for fast-forward buttons the world over .
So much for Gort and C-3PO . ... I , Robot explodes with some of the most impressive action sequences in years .
The effects work here does n't break any incredible new ground or shatter any records , and yet this is one of the most visually impressive movies I have ever seen .
More like Dorothy wandering lost through the great land of Oz , only without the heart of A.I. , the brains of Minority Report or the courage of Blade Runner .
Engagingly silly film .
The smallest effects are as seamless and important to the story as the big ones , from Spooner 's examination of 1001 robots standing in formation to the wink of an eye .
Ring-a-ding dull .
It may not be Asimov but its plot is truly labyrinthine , it works a specific theme and it 's happy to end itself in a shroud of enigma .
Easily this summer 's most welcome big-budget surprise , a studio film that is n't afraid to ask its audience to think .
Del 's repeatedly attacked by bad robots , marked by glowing red lights in their chests and behaviors not a little derivative of the first Terminator at his film 's end .
After being in a string of dismal summer films , Will Smith is back and he finally does a good movie ! I , Robot is a fun , if not flawed sci-fi film worth watching .
A hunk of expensive , lifeless junk .
Although Asimov 's core conceit remains intact , the movie essentially plays out like an off-the-rack 1990s action flick .
I , Robot is the best kind of adventure movie , one that engages your heart , your sense of humor and your ache for a good yarn .
A movie that never stops feeling like an advertisement for itself .
I , Robot is less compelling as a drama of the human enslavement of androids than it is an intriguing vision of a treeless , cashless future .
Awesome fx , poor story .
` Suggested by ' Isaac Asimov 's book of short stories , Alex Proyas 's hectic thriller engages some interesting ideas on its way to an overblown and incoherent ending .
The film works best as a kind of mindless , action-packed B-movie . But on the A-level at which recent science fiction/fantasy films operate , this movie falls woefully short .
I , Robot is yet another summer entree in which good intentions are stymied by excessive bric-a-brac .
While it 's hardly a philosophical film , the screenplay by Jeff Vintar and Akiva Goldsman does have an idea or two .
Those who are unfamiliar with Asimov 's work may enjoy I , Robot as a summer popcorn movie . It 's just unfortunate that it 's not more .
Discerning horror fans will enjoy this futuristic science fiction actioner for its dark , sinister elements .
At least it 's a beautiful crappy movie , and nearly worth seeing for the special effects and set design alone .
I , Robot is an engrossing sci-fi thriller with Will Smith playing a rebel with a cause in 2035 Chicago where robots are in abundance .
Brickbat socialism in a dimwit populist entertainment ... The film is about as subtle as a dump truck .
Isaac Asimov 's colorful fantasies for teenage boys a half-century and more ago are intact .
I , Robot is a slice of sci-fi heaven with a hearty side of bewitching visual euphoria .
A whodunit that keeps you guessing right to the end .
While it 's not in a league with Blade Runner , The Terminator or even Robocop , I , Robot is an efficiently designed , well-oiled machine .
A high-tech thriller that really works -- both because of its eye-popping visual feats and the ideas and humanity behind them .
Worlds better than a mess like Men in Black II .
I , Robot is not as nerdy as it sounds ... It 's one of the most interesting films of the summer
Only if you 've never seen one before , it 's the best sci-fi movie ever made . It 's entertaining , but essentially a shiny new retread of older models .
Much in the same way that Blade Runner redefined the science-fiction / suspense genre in the 1980s , I , Robot will for a new generation .
The movie has a handful of things that will make it worth watching on cable , someday .
It has a slow buildup , but its final third manages to generate some eye-popping thrills without the usual obligatory dismissal of all narrative in the face of explosions .
A routine Will Smith cop-on - the-hunt thriller at heart , I , Robot lacks imaginative excitement .
A visually impressive effort that mixes the pizzazz of an action-oriented popcorn movie with a more humane sensibility than is usually the case .
A cool summer movie packing a nice mix of action , explosions , and brains .
I guess a summer special effects blockbuster with plot development is too much to ask for . Maybe I should have my own wiring examined .
Aesthetically dazzling .
Nothing but one big chase scene ... It plays as if robots even wrote the script -- and stupid robots at that .
One ca n't help but admire a know-how that permits a generation of walking nuts-and-bolts to move effortlessly amongst men .
` Lots of exciting action sequences , a charismatic hero , a few chuckles here and there and some top-drawer special effects work . The only thing it lacks is Isaac Asimov .
At first Smith feels miscast , but he warms into the role . Good pace , nice robot effects , entertaining .
Some of the most convincing and lifelike visual effects in movie history . This is a wide-scope sci-fi thriller done right .
... I ca n't say that this movie turned out to be the dark , kick - *** , sci-fi classic motion picture for which I was hoping , but it was still a damn good time ...
Androids may dream of electric sheep , but I , Robot 's multi-million dollar machines are remnants of summer films gone by .

















@highlight

Bearing only the slightest resemblance to Isaac Asimov 's short stories , I , Robot is a summer blockbuster that manages to make the audience think , if only for a little bit .