For my taste , everything about The Stone Angel is too nailed-down and on-the-nose .
Watching The Stone Angel is not a chore . And the ending is pure , classy melodrama-it 's totally overblown , and nothing less than satisfying .
Too much story , too little time
A perfectly respectable , solidly-made film which , beyond the expert performance by the always reliable Ellen Burstyn , has unfortunately little to recommend it .
A tastefully reverent , fundamentally sincere treatment of Margaret Laurence 's 1964 Manitoba-based novel , a staple for Canada 's 12th graders .
Left me feeling respectfully indifferent , as if I 'd been served a nutritious meal that was only fleetingly satisfying .
The only way to enjoy Kari Skogland 's epic portrait of a miserable 90-year - woman named Hagar -LRB- Ellen Burstyn -RRB- is to reframe it as Scary Movie for weepies .
Far less would have been much more , though the geriatric protagonist 's salty sexual wit and impulse to share a joint with a passing stranger , spice up the often dreary chronological procession of family episodes .
Despite a terrific lead performance by Ellen Burstyn , Kari Skogland 's epic The Stone Angel is a lesson in the perils of trying to cram a hefty Canadian novel that spans decades into a movie running just under two hours .
Writer-director Kari Skogland adapts a beloved Canadian novel gracefully and with plenty of spunk , the same way its main character moves through the world from cradle to grave .
Although talented newcomer Christine Horne is ideal as the younger Hagar , letting Burstyn play the character at around 50 , despite best-effort lighting , was not the wisest choice .
Old lady on the road takes a memory trip , giving Burstyn a chance to shine .
It 's not a great movie , but Burstyn fans should n't miss her subtle performance .
Overacted , underwritten , and with flashback cues so lazy the characters may as well just say , `` I remember when ... , '' the film feels like The Notebook II .
A film of tightly assembled bits and pieces that do n't fit comfortably together despite clever dashes of magical realism connecting past and present .
Events pass by in a muddled rush as the intimate character study of the page gives way to a hollowed-out on screen portrait .
A stubbornly affecting drama that 's strongest in its quieter moments .
Ellen Burstyn deserves another Oscar nomination for this compelling drama .
... there 's certainly no overlooking the palpable emotional punch of the movie 's final scenes .
These elemental forces fuel a compelling narrative , but the second half of the movie starts to drift .
Ultimately , though , the story is defined by searing turns from the enjoyably crotchety Burstyn and Horne , who shepherds Hagar from prideful wild child to soul-sapped middle-aged mother .
There is a reverence for the idea of Laurence 's book but ultimately , in spite of its spiced-up sex scenes , it 's much tamer and more conventional .



@highlight

Despite fine performances from Ellen Burstyn and newcomer Christine Horne , The Stone Angel fails to escape formulaic melodrama territory .