Satiric comedy with a funny turn by Jason Ritter , and just enough bite to work .
As an actress , Palka is the very definition of game , while her freewheeling and intimate directorial style captures the chaos at close quarters , and she does well to stretch what seems like a novelty concept fruitfully to feature-length .
It 's a wonderful film ; humanely acted , fiercely entertaining and commendably nuanced . It deserves a wide audience . The world would be better for it .
As Bitch progresses , it slides into a much more familiar redemptive tale but then Jill barks from the basement and we remember this movie still has a little - well - bite .
Palka is an astonishing force here .
Bitch is darkly funny and often oddly satisfying , and how perfectly filmmaker Marianna Palka and co-star Jason Ritter understand their roles goes a long way .
`` Bitch '' is about as confrontational a piece of work as anything else to come out this year .
There 's a heightened quality to the early scenes , but the film soon morphs into a staid domestic drama , leaving behind a sense of imbalance and inconsistency .
-LSB- Palka 's -RSB- come up with an intriguing premise , but does n't quite have the nuance or the storytelling chops to offer an insightful satire .
A satirical scream of rage against patriarchal prerogatives , this feminist horror-comedy , written and directed by Ms. Palka , has a vicious edge that can stifle your laughter .
Palka takes things to an extreme , yet her sense of intimacy remains powerful , cutting through a gimmick to identify relatable stress and conjure a startling feeling of hopelessness .
While it 's refreshing to see a portrait of a woman 's unraveling that does n't romanticize mental illness , and that 's actually directed by a woman , it 's easy to wish Bitch probed a bit deeper into the protagonist 's pre-dog life .
Initially offbeat , Bitch awkwardly pivots toward a more inspirational story of regret and reconciliation .
-LSB- Marianna Palka 's -RSB- terrific - the intensity of what she 's doing , without saying a word , is overwhelming
An intriguing premise becomes a bit of a dog 's dinner in Marianna Palka 's dark indie parable .
It 's an interesting concept , but the characters are thin and nothing here feels insightful .
If Bitch has some rough edges , Palka 's wit and daring never cease to sparkle from the screen ; and one leaves the film , if not entirely satisfied , certainly curious as to where this wild intelligence will wander next .
Bitch takes a challenging premise and turns it into the smartest left-of-field take on mental health issues since Frank .
There 's much to admire with Bitch 's absurdist deconstruction of patriarchal family politics , though more streamlining might have helped the attempted emotional catharsis .
Tonal inconstancies , bizarre character decisions and a chaotic narrative hamper the promising concept and the film ultimately feels like a wasted opportunity .
I 'll be honest , Bitch was probably the most taxing film I saw at Sundance-I just could not get into the vibe of Palka 's narrative whatsoever .
Unsatisfying in the pulpy sense suggested by its Midnight-section booking at Sundance , the pic 's presumed political agenda never crystallizes sufficiently ...
Palka 's fourth feature is as brash and as blunt as its title , more abrasive than amusing in its snarling takedown of patriarchal family politics .
It 's funny and features some strong performances , but the film 's premise - and almost every moment devoted to that premise - are a tonally confused and inconsistent misfire .
I 'd love to understand why -LSB- Marianna Palka -RSB- wants to present herself this way , but I do n't . It would be easy to call it self-loathing but that seems too obvious . Yet if there was another message , it 's giving way to the self-loathing interpretation .
Displays Palka 's unique power as an actress while simultaneously showing her weaknesses as a writer .
Plunges into the abyss with gleeful abandon .
By its end , Bitch focuses as much on what it means to wake up to the frustrations of an American dream coming to pieces as it is a fierce indictment of them .
A fearless film that explores the explosion of the nuclear family and gender paradigms as only a scrappy little indie can .
Though I 'm still hard pressed to define the film 's themes or direction , I ca n't say that the experience of watching it roll around in the dirt did n't come with ample intrigue .
BITCH wo n't give you a moment 's rest , keeping you anxious and alert until its extremely satisfying and quite lovely conclusion .

@highlight

Bitch has an intriguing premise and a strong start that hints at greater things for writer-director-star Marianna Palka , even if its reach ultimately exceeds its grasp .