This movie does n't know the first thing about comic timing . It 's tone deaf , tasteless and irrational material that has all the misplaced arrogance of a rebellious high school drop-out who thinks he or she is too ahead of the game for people to understand .
It is rare that I find a film with no redeeming qualities whatsoever .
Mildly amusing , although not the timelessly anarchic , Hangover-style comedy it clearly wants to be .
Nominally a gross-out guy-bonding comedy , the film often feels like an attempt to establish an insanity motive for some future crime .
Warning : moviegoers with no pre-existing predisposition to find other people 's humiliation -- usually women 's -- hilarious may feel the need for a shower afterwards .
Even the least discerning fans of lowbrow comedy will need to start digging in order to reach the level achieved by this American indie comedy about three Texan friends on a pre-wedding bender .
If you are a fan of the book , you are bound to be pleased ; no pun intended . The film takes bathroom humor to the next level and will bring you to tears from laughter .
If anything positive can come from this film , it might be the mass acceptance of gay marriage across the land . After all , if Tucker Max symbolizes where heterosexuality is headed , perhaps the alternative is worth a shot .
You could get angry that a guy like this even got a chance . Or you could just forget about him , and move on to something worthwhile .
Might be the most hypocritical feature in the history of film as well as the history of hypocrisy , and along with serving beer , I hope they show I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell in hell .
A grand , farcical , road-tripping romp in the vein of National Lampoon 's Vacation and Road Trip , but updated with the crass , guy 's - night-out humor of Role Models and The 40-Year-Old Virgin .
Tucker Max 's only real strengths are his outrageousness and his uncompromising self-confidence , but neither comes into play in this punch-pulling , frankly boring film .
There are moments of rough comic brilliance scattered throughout , but really , this particular antihero is all anti- and zero hero .
If ever a movie needed a restraining order issued against it , it 's `` I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell . ''
Rarely fails to be excruciating .
When it comes to rowdiness and raunch , it 's right up there with Animal House and Porky 's -- and beyond -- but the writers and director Bob Gosse know how to turn excess , self-indulgence , selfishness and chauvinism back on itself with blowtorch impact .
The movie plays out like a watered-down and far less comical version of The Hangover , without the likable characters and the crazy fun .
Tucker Max -LSB- is -RSB- a child . A toddler . A three-year-old screaming , `` Poopie , poopie , POOPIE ! '' at the top of his lungs in the middle of the supermarket ...
Speaking generously for the sake of everyone involved in this mess , let 's hope the title proves prophetic .
A mediocre gross out movie that barely pushes the envelope .
I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell is the perfect cautionary tale for any frat boy who considers making a film based on the phrase , `` Dude , remember that one time ? ''
May be the first film from the perspective of a Van Wilder villain and by the time this vile , amateurish and supposed true story is over , you may feel as if you 've just spent 100 minutes looking through Michael Myers ' first mask .
It 's all terrible , ugly ... and not funny .
The toilet scene is so down-and-dirty that I challenge you not to look away from the screen . That 's to the movie 's credit .
If so , writers who aim this low deserve to drink it warm .
In a world in which The Hangover exists , there 's no purpose to this movie whatsoever .
Czuchry plays the self-proclaimed narcissist with charisma , but how can you cozy up to an arrogant misogynist whose epiphany comes amid a fecal fusillade ?
Distinguishes itself from such last-fling-before-the-wedding comedies as The Hangover with the grittiness of its Texas locales and the smug intelligence of its unapologetically narcissistic protagonist .
Made up of strung-together stories from Tucker Max 's best-selling book of the same name , I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell is a painfully unfunny celebration of dim misogyny and unabashed narcissism . Matt Czuchry plays Tucker as he ropes his best frie
Next month someone will put out a brand-new gross-out Guy Flick that erases I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell 's last shred of relevance . But you and I wo n't see it . And Tucker Max will finally become a corporate attorney for small-arms manufacturers .
I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell is the Armageddon of gross-out sex comedies .
he film is consistently fun , and Tucker 's comeuppance
will leave you gasping -LRB- if not gagging -RRB- with laughter .
I have no idea if they serve beer in hell . But I have some notion of what might be playing at the Hades AMC 20 . It 's I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell , probably on a double bill with All About Steve .
Beginning with the stalest of premises -- three buds and a bachelor party -- director Bob Gosse attempts to cash in on the vulgar bromance craze .
Underlit and generally shot with an eye toward unattractiveness , Beer in Hell also goes for ugliness in its dialogue .

@highlight

I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell fails in its attempts at raunchy humor , and Tucker Max comes across so unlikable and outrageous that the film 's inevitable story arc feels forced .