A few tart , amusing lines echo the fabled Kind Hearts and Coronets , yet this British movie based on a French farce falls into morbid silliness .
Two delightful stars nudge Wild Target into sleeper territory - but only by a few inches .
... mindless entertainment in a refined style .
`` Wild Target '' bears all the hallmarks of -LSB- director Jonathan -RSB- Lynn 's best films , despite being , even at a tidy 90 minutes , a bit too long .
Wild Target is the sort of madcap comedy that breaks a sweat trying to generate a steady stream of laughs , but ... the film only works in fits and starts .
`` Wild Target '' has fast , quippy dialogue and exactly the right actors to drive it home .
When the various elements all fizzle , all we 're left with is some likable actors trying their best to save a fading film .
Movies hardly ever make me laugh out loud , but this one did , more than once , with its unpredictable twists ... and unexpected punchlines growing out of the deliciously twisted characters .
Snappy , sarcastic , implausible caper that looses almost all momentum 1 hour in . Also , how do you feel about Bill Nighy and Emily Blunt making out ? If you just threw up in your mouth a little , you might wan na avoid this .
Saucy , scattershot , screwball farce .
The film has to fly by its wits -- and its witty lines -- and by the charm of its stars . This it does , just barely .
It all collapses inward , foundering on its own improbabilities .
It 's never a good idea to cast Bill Nighy as a buttoned-down hit man .
Screenwriter Lucinda Coxon has clearly never met a corny complication she did n't like , and Wild Target becomes riddled with irksomely madcap happenings by the final act .
Rarely in a British comedy have so many richly talented actors laboured so long in search of a coherent plot , plausible characters and even a modicum of humour .
If not better than the French original , this re-make is equally good and equally funny .
The film is directed with a surprising lack of comic spark by Jonathan Lynn .
Bill Nighy nabs most of the laughs with his suave , sarcastic , sophisticated character .
With an interesting premise and a capable cast , it 's a shame the result is such a dead horse .
In Anglicising director Pierre Salvadori 's 1993 French original , Lynn and screenwriter Lucinda Coxon have created a rich , colourful and intricately mannered comedy , brought to life with wonderfully wry performances across the board .
The material is badly mishandled , with too little tension for it to grab us and too fractured comedy to make us laugh
The main problem lies in the script 's failure to inject any credibility in the relationships between Victor , Emily Blunt 's con artist Rose and Rupert Grint 's hapless bystander Tony
A dream Brit-com cast is woefully disserviced by a script that 's not nearly as funny as it should be .
A mostly admirable attempt at a Crichton-like escapade that runs out of steam a bit before half-way .
Practically a text book in how ugly things can get when you do n't have the right , light touch for this sort of thing .
Wild Target gets its gears gunked up by a detour into the shallow , polluted waters of pseudo-psychological melodrama .
There have been a lot of black comedies about assassins lately -- there have been a few just this year -- but Wild Target may be the first one to contain genuine laughs .
An eccentric little comic thriller filled with enough laughs that I was mostly willing to overlook the fact that it makes virtually no sense as a thriller .
All of this busyness drains away the film 's charm , turning what might have been a naughty and whimsical frolic into something glib , hectic and sour .
Since irony is so often director Jonathan Lynn 's weapon of choice , Wild Target should have been a good fit . It 's not quite .
Director Lynn -LRB- My Cousin Vinny -RRB- , who 's displayed his expertise at mixing murder and silly mayhem on both continents , exhibits his stylized flair for pathological lunacy and flaky elegance . Even as the story occasionally feels overwrought and recycled .
desperately unfunny
The movie 's a grand , quick-witted entertainment , a throwback in the best , most welcome sense .
Wild Target takes aim at various styles and genres and misses the mark every time .
Director Jonathan Lynn already made one assassin comedy ... Consider this the lazy encore no one asked for .
It 's a film that should 've been deranged and malicious . Instead , Wild Target aims to be cute , which completely squanders the potential of the material .
A very French 1993 farce gets a less comfortable British redo in Wild Target , a hectic , charm-challenged comedy about a fussy bachelor hitman who ca n't bring himself to off a winsome thief .
Wild Target neatly and boringly makes a surrogate family out of its ill-matched trio of caricatures , and its epilogue of domesticity is enough to make you reach for your revolver .
Nothing works .
It 's entertainment designed to resemble a good time without aspiring to provide one .
Nighy so far outclasses this film that it makes you shake your head sadly at the waste of his talent ... wan , weak , thin fare .
Wild Target is the kind of movie that actually uses that angry-cat-yowl sound . That is the kind of movie that Wild Target is .
It?s the cast of Wild Target that deserves all of the credit for they somehow managed to turn this mess not only into a watchable film , but a somewhat entertaining one , too .
The likable and talented cast give it their all , but it 's never as zany or funny as it should have been .
-LSB- An -RSB- unlovable , seldom funny Brit comedy .
Attractive and charismatic actors can do nothing to save a movie that 's charmless , pointless and witless .
Wild Target is a remake of a French farce , and it shows .
Nighy and Blunt do bring a lot of warmth and charm to their roles , but thanks to a badly judged script and lazy direction , the final showdown leaves you feeling cold .
When Wild Target works it 's a lot of fun . There 's some decent comic chemistry between the three leads - and this is Grint 's first film since Harry Potter 3 that did n't make me want to lob him out the window .
This lively British remake of the 1993 French film is an enjoyable if ultimately too-silly romp . But the solid cast at least makes it watchable , even when the plot takes a series of deeply contrived turns .
There 's a wretched tiredness and dull reliance on formula and , hard as the cast may try , a powerful whiff of desperation not helped by the ikky prospect of Bill and Emily getting jiggy .
The action hits a dead end and the laughs dry up , but it 's the budding romance between the young free spirit and the crotchety old triggerman that really kills it .
Wild Target is a poorly directed , badly written comedy thriller that wastes a talented cast and fails to provide anything resembling laughs or thrills .
Nothing feels like it 's been properly thought through , highlighted by the fact that Nighy 's ` super assassin ' goes about his business by merely opening fire on a crowded market place -LRB- using a silencer , of course ! -RRB- .
A talented cast keep some low-key action and tired gags from derailing this disappointing farce .

@highlight

An ineptly staged farce that dishonors the original film and squanders the comedic potential of its fine actors .