It 's an edge-of-your-seat film , with some stunning footage deep underwaterIt 's an edge-of-your-seat film , with some stunning footage deep underwater , but the basic suspense plot frequently strains
With his ratty moustache and balding head , Hennie makes an unlikely leading man -LRB- if this were Hollywood , the chiselled Bentley would surely fit the bill -RRB- , but he suits the film 's dour , downbeat mood , reminiscent of 1970s paranoid conspiracy thrillers .
Certainly , the diving scenes look authentic and this is a world that needs exploring . But , the thriller angle is less than effective . Some niftier writing and staging could have made this a much scarier affair .
... manages to generate consistent tension even as it gradually loses narrative credibility .
Director Erik Skjoldbjærg -LRB- Insomnia -RRB- makes excellent use of the high-tech , low-glamour world he depicts , and manages an ending that is happy without being farcically so .
An intense , moody conspiracy thriller set just before Norway 's oil boom in the early 1980s .
Skjoldbjaerg is unable to make us care as much as we should , and gives the film a kind of muddy look that translates directly into the viewer 's mood .
It attempts to capture the feel of a 1970s-era paranoid conspiracy movie , and it succeeds in tone , even if the plot is n't quite so air-tight .
It 's to Pioneer 's credit that it is able to take something as clinical-sounding as `` decompression sickness '' and successfully turn it into a tension-ratcheting plot point .
Pioneer is a conspiracy thriller that mostly illustrates how comparatively tedious real-world corporate conspiracies are .
Director Erik Skjoldbjærg 's film offers an amazing opportunity to experience the dark depths of the ocean , while paying homage to 1980s filmmaking .
`` Pioneer '' has the necessary parts for a finger-pointing thriller that could boil the blood if handled well . Alas , this story of workers wounded by corrupt oil industrialists and politicians sinks from drawn-out scenes and too few surprises .
Remember this name : Aksel Hennie . If `` Pioneer , '' a mixed bag of a conspiracy thriller , works at all , it largely does so because of him .
A brooding psychological drama where everything that happens is open to multiple interpretations and figuring out who if anyone is on your side gets harder and harder to do .
Mr. Skjoldbjaerg , who also tapped Norwegian history with his bank robbery re-enactment `` Nokas , '' does n't convey a creeping atmosphere of moral rot so much as an irksome glumness .
Director Erik Skjolbjærg knows how to create a claustrophobic setting and he gets first class performances from his cast . The physical discomfort shown by the crew is palpable . Despite some plotholes it holds interest until just before the ending .
The underwater sequences stun and terrify - nothing says claustrophobia quite like two weeks in a pressurized diving bell with someone you ca n't necessarily trust - and there 's almost as much moisture and terror on land to drive Petter round the bend .
In a cast that includes Wes Bentley , Stephen Lang and Jonathan LaPaglia , it 's Mr. Hennie who makes `` Pioneer '' worth watching ...
Very low-intensity and derivative .
Pioneer is a successful bit of anti-American propaganda , but as a conspiracy thriller , there 's not much worth diving into .
The tension never lets up .
What is intended to be a suspenseful period drama of paranoia and conspiracy is far too slow-moving and meandering to truly engage .
Although involving on a scene-to-scene basis , Erik Skjoldbjaerg 's '80s - set Norwegian thriller is curiously muted in impact .
Though technically quite an achievement and well-acted ... -LSB- Pioneer -RSB- never -LSB- becomes -RSB- the character drama , white-knuckle thrill ride or -- even better ! -- smart combination of both that the film clearly could be .
Its greatest asset , and another trait it shares with Mann and Fincher 's work , is a careful attention toward the particulars of its milieu in a way that does n't call attention to those period touches .
Though the stellar acting talent do much to bring this amazing true story to life , Pioneer struggles to ever leave you on the edge of your seat .
The plotting is so tortuous that following who has done what may give you the bends .
If only it did n't risk applying too much pressure . If only it did n't overload the cargo with so many plot twists , chases and corpses . Mayday , mayday , this film 's about to break up .
This murky Scandinavian conspiracy thriller about deep-sea divers during the Norwegian oil boom of the 1980s suffers from a plot so convoluted that it makes The Big Sleep look straightforward .
The diving sequences are involving , but the pressure seems to have gotten to the scriptwriters . Brain death is the result .
The Hunger Games ' Wes Bentley treads water in this dull oceanic thriller .
Viewers who enjoyed such Scandi hits as A Hijacking and Baltasar Kormáku 's The Deep will be pleased with this solid actioner from Insomnia director Erik Skjoldbjærg
A suspense drama devoted to one fleeting moment of sub-thermocline narcolepsy . If nothing else , a first .
Hennie is a convincingly resolute hero and the director generates some tension from the situation but the film lacks edge and originality .
A souped-up and often absurd Norwegian conspiracy thriller : a sort of gloomy , jumper-wearing Silkwood .
Hennie 's quiet , hangdog tenacity alone might have kept Pioneer afloat , but the more tangled the plot becomes , the more hackneyed Skjoldbaerg 's tactics get .
Hardly pioneering .
Insomnia director Erik Skoldbjaerg knows his '70s conspiracy thrillers backwards . As a result , Pioneer delivers insidious , shadowy tension .
Pioneer features underwater sequences so breathless they 'll thrill even James Cameron -LRB- director Erik Skjoldbjærg made the original Insomnia -RRB- but Petter 's truth-chasing is at times too frantic and melodramatic .
Headhunters ' Hennie excels as the man caught between paranoia and menace . A spirited knuckle-crack of a thriller .
The plot , which was inspired by true events , can be a bit hard to follow but it 's the diving scenes that will leave audiences gasping .
Hennie 's typically strong work and a smattering of engrossing sequences ensure that Pioneer just squeaks by ...
Pioneer remains a captivating thriller but is a film that seeks improvement in certain areas .

@highlight

Pioneer boasts strong acting and a throwback conspiracy thriller vibe , but fails to take it far enough -- and is very slow about not getting there .