The interest that once greeted every new Gus Van Sant film has been evaporating for some years now . And this latest movie , which can aptly be termed pathetic , only strengthens that feeling .
This script is so fundamentally flawed I ca n't imagine anyone wanting to produce it .
It 's only 110 minutes long but drags on for what seems like a lifetime .
It 's sappy , and in no way original .
A sumptuous , rewarding experience . `` The Sea of Trees '' is quietly mesmerizing and exceedingly wise , understanding there is profundity in every direction one gazes .
A perilous adventure in which -LRB- McConaughey -RRB- stumbles over symbols , like rocks in his path , and steps on allegories , which crack like twigs under his feet .
If you look past the surface , dig deeper and trust its mysterious , supernatural mission , it could make for one of the most emotional experiences you 'll have at the movies this year .
... a muddled and relentlessly downbeat examination of marriage and mortality that 's more pretentious than profound .
Van Sant seems unsure of what kind of movie he 's making or what he 's trying to say . It 's best to just enjoy the scenery and look the other way .
No wonder Watts rules the movie . She 's playing the only remotely sympathetic character ; the men seem consumed by grief and guilt and platitudes .
The Sea of Trees is an emotionally inauthentic and narratively confounding mess that fails to ring a true moment despite the prestigious team behind it
A morbid soap opera that 's overlong and dramatically undernourished .
Sea Of Trees is the best movie about Aokigahara yet , but considering the competition , that 's still not saying much .
The Sea of Trees is n't the worst movie of the year , but it certainly is n't for lack of trying .
The Sea of Trees does not work .
A `` thoughtful '' movie that belabors its ideas and themes to the point of silliness .
The Sea of Trees uses depression , cancer and suicide as manipulative devices to tug at heartstrings instead of offering insight into the human condition .
It 's unclear what the film 's detractors found so risible .
A beguiling spiritual journey about grief , guilt , and the continuation of love after death .
A numinous meditation on grief that 's more likely to inspire laughter than tears .
A stronger movie experience than one might expect . It 's anchored by a fine , understated performance by Matthew McConaughey and a deeply felt , if at times melodramatic , story that proves strangely immersive .
-LSB- A -RSB- soggy mess of a movie ...
McConaughey and Watts seem to be reading from a tired script of unhappy , protracted matrimony . The dialogue feels rehearsed , and not in a good way .
Plodding , pretentious and painfully obvious at every turn .
Perhaps it 's a film that would be better appreciated on mute ?
This is Van Sant 's nadir : a sophomoric metaphysical drama that benefits from the director 's pictorial eye -LRB- the forest looks fittingly ominous -RRB- , but succumbs to the sentimentalism that has long been his Achilles ' heel .
This risibly long-winded drama is perhaps above all a profound cultural insult , milking the lush green scenery of Japan 's famous Aokigahara forest for all it 's worth , while giving co-lead Ken Watanabe little to do .
Woefully sentimental and maudlin .
-LSB- Matthew McConaughey -RSB- recent work has demonstrated that he 's a man of many talents but even he ca n't transform a beat that feels so tedious , unnecessary and , sadly , clichéd into a moment that should be powerful and heartbreaking .
The whole film needs cordoning off with safety rope and `` Keep Out '' signs . There 's nothing to see inside .
Atediously slick melodrama of staggering foolishness and mawkish gall .
The most confounding element of Sea of Trees is that Van Sant has already made a far better movie about two men struggling to live another day in the middle of nowhere -- his minimalist 2002 drama Gerry .
You know , artistically , that the news is going to be bad in the opening minutes when Van Sant feels compelled to provide a shot of the keys McConaughey 's character leaves in the ignition . There are almost two hours left of that kind of filmmaking .
There 's little here to suggest that the film is anything more than a hastily cobbled-together studio star vehicle .
The Sea of Trees feels compelled to spoon-feed every single aspect of its painfully banal story .
Flawed from a conceptual level , The Sea Of Trees has moments of interest ... but not enough to make up for such obvious storytelling .
Gus Van Sant has made the weakest movie of his career , which is particularly unfortunate given that it stars Matthew McConaughey , who 's been on quite the hot streak lately .
Matthew McConaughey is turning into a bit of a sap .
It is the tearjerker sentimentality that is hard to stomach , in what is far from Van Sant 's finest hour .
Everything feels like it 's trying too hard to appease both thematic poles , and things are n't helped when the final reveals -LRB- and there are several -RRB- make themselves known .
This will likely struggle to engage the middlebrow cinemagoers who might most appreciate it , especially given its rather gloomy-sounding premise .
Resembles one of Japanese auteur Naomi Kawase 's spiritualist tone poems brutally hijacked in the editing suite by M Night Shyamalan .
Ultimately , `` Sea Of Trees '' feels like an entirely appropriate title : it makes you feel like you 're drowning , and it 's full of sap .
There exist , I suppose , people who wonder what Gus Van Sant directing Nicholas Sparks might look like . After all , there are people who eat soil .
The Sea of Trees touts a variety of lazy stereotypes in the hope of saying something vaguely profound about how the processes of grief and guilt differ in other cultures . -LRB- Spoiler : it does n't . -RRB-
For all its apparent sombreness and thoughtfulness , The Sea Of Trees is an exasperatingly shallow film on an important and agonisingly painful subject - depression and suicide . This it slathers in palliative sentimentality .

@highlight

Dull , maudlin , and fundamentally empty , The Sea of Trees extinguishes the contributions of a talented cast and marks a depressing low point in director Gus Van Sant 's career .