Jia and Yu have , unsurprisingly , made a movie of taciturn eloquence , always sure-footed in negotiating its discursive narrative construction , even as it sometimes wobbles at the level of performance .
Mountains May Depart is an affecting and ambitious tale of social upheaval in modern day China .
Jia remains a major filmmaker , and this film is never less than bold and ambitious .
This is an extraordinarily beautiful film with lush , occasionally radical cinematography from Nelson Lik-wai Yu , profound things to say about the immigrant experience and a commanding performance from Zhao Tao .
This social drama is realistic and absorbing , but then Jia again leaps through time .
An intriguing , imperfect beast .
Jia Zhangke 's Mountains May Depart might best be described as an intimate epic .
Mostly a piercing study of haves and have nots ...
-LSB- Mountains May Depart -RSB- is another ambitious and elegiac portrait of societal change and fading Chinese values .
A breathtaking performance by Zhao Tao .
Zhao Tao proves that she 's one of the greatest living screen actors .
An emotion-filled drama/melodrama on an epic scale ...
Mixing classic melodrama with futuristic speculation , it captures the changing face of modern China through the lives of three friends over a quarter of a century .
This portrait of China 's past , present and future is perhaps Jia Zhangke 's most ambitious effort yet .
Mountains May Depart is a daring attempt from a filmmaker who is fully embracing his position and duty as a national Chinese artist .
-LSB- Director Jia Zhangke -RSB- has an instinctive feel for China 's shifting rural and urban landscape ... He is superb at catching the changing moods of his country in poetic , frequently wordless , and often absurd images .
The title suggests a sadder undertone of loss and loneliness , and it appears just as we 're about to witness the profound consequences of one youthful decision .
It 's galling how much -LSB- the third act -RSB- deflates the exemplary first two acts of what could have been a truly great film .
Another breakthrough by a director who has never stopped pushing either himself or his idea of what a Chinese movie can do and be .
Zhao Tao 's awe-inspiring performance and the pure audacity of director Jia Zhangke make Mountains May Depart the auteur 's best effort to date .
While it falls just short of -LSB- Jia 's -RSB- best , it 's still an excellent , accomplished film from a master filmmaker .
A reinterpretation of a classic Hollywood melodrama . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With narrative simpleness , the director gives us a surprising family portrait . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With insight and lots of emotion , the film depicts a new generation of people in China . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A movie about the bigger picture through small and intimate tales . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Fans of the director will appreciate more than I did his tale of China 's transformation in recent years . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An insightful portrait of China 's social and ideological transformation . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Formally intriguing and gorgeous to look at , Mountains May Depart is a curiously challenging experience .
A bigger than life drama , and while we 're at it , China too . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Past , present and future of China converge in the most painful reflection of its best filmmaker . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Jia 's larger narrative of modern-day China is mesmerizing , its ambitious 25-year stretch punctuated by abrupt , astonishing moments of insight .
So confident is this director 's touch that `` Mountains May Depart '' holds you with the humanity of its telling rather than the gloom of its conclusions .
close by the human reality observed in minute interactions , and against the backdrop of a world that threatens to muffle their spirit .
However wide the screen expands , there is a lonely soul off to the side . At the end , snow falls . Birds and the sea call out . `` Go West '' plays . It 's a thundercrack .
That country 's great History takes shape with every person 's little story , represented through them as if they were transparent . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Anchored by a quietly devastating turn by Zhao , the film is at its most poignant when it observes the palpable feelings ... that are running through her character .
Like most of the indispensable Jia 's work , this triptych film , which jumps from 1999 to 2014 and then to 2025 , is intimately engaged in the push-pull between tradition and progress .
Jia studies his characters subjectively , in a sullen , contemplative haze .
Director Jia Zhangke offers a work of poetic prophecy in this romantic and political melodrama .
Jia Zhangke 's Mountains May Depart is one of those bighearted melodramas that mainland China does so well .
Jia 's languid style and exquisite framing complement his understated approach to the material , which opts for depth over melodrama . But `` Mountains May Depart '' is grounded in Zhao 's delicate performance , which is her best .
Each pivotal moment thrills and thrills again , reflected a second time through the movie 's rearview mirror .
There 's a lot of heart here .
Impressive production values but muddled impact .
Mountains May Depart turns more melancholic as time progresses , reflected in Tao 's gradually dimming disposition as well as the film 's evolving cinematography .
Jia films these interlocking stories and their diverse tributaries with a bare and restrained simplicity that contains his many levels of rueful outrage .
An ambitious film about three critical times in the life of a Chinese woman , mirroring changes in modern China .
It does leave you with something , though -- a deeply wistful mood , if not a full experience .
Jia Zhangke 's quasi-surreal triptych captures a fractured China losing its bearings amidst momentous changes .
Whatever Jia shows us and wherever he takes us , we 're always aware of being in the hands of one of the contemporary world 's great filmmakers .
Few filmmakers working today look as deeply at the changing world as Mr. Jia does , or make the human stakes as vivid .
Although the film 's three sections are stylistically disparate , they 're linked by several motifs , including a lachrymose Cantopop ballad , a man who carries a traditional sword , and Tao 's dog .
If Jia Zhang-ke 's latest feature was one of 2015 's biggest disappointments , it 's simply because two-thirds of it are so good , making the misjudged final chapter all the more bathetic .
The film 's sometimes brilliant pieces can not rescue the vehicle . Some parts , but not the sum of those parts , are better than the whole .
The latest and most intensely personal movie by the celebrated Chinese director Jia Zhangke won the top prize at Cannes ' Directors Fortnight .
Even when he 's making one for the masses , Jia Zhanke is still Jia Zhanke .
There 's no denying the poignancy of its themes , phrased and developed wordlessly , though props and gestures-a wedding invitation found covered in dust , spare sets of keys carried like memories , and so on .
The cumulative impact is still enormously touching , highlighted by Jia 's rapturous image-making and a luminous central performance by the director 's regular muse -LRB- and wife -RRB- , Zhao Tao .
Jia Zhang-ke 's ... exploration of change , loss and regret has never felt more personal than in Mountains May Depart .
Jia 's plot itself can look like a series of arbitrary choices whose only purpose is to convey the director 's allegorical intentions .
Jia 's still clearly an immense talent , but there 's still much about his oeuvre that does n't quite work .
Jia Zhang-ke 's Mountains May Depart is a mysterious and in its way staggeringly ambitious piece of work from a film-maker whose creativity is evolving before our eyes .
A bold study of what it means to be Chinese in the modern age , Mountains May Depart explores the monumental through the personal , the intimate .
Mountains May Depart offers a more ambitious and correspondingly messier treatment of those themes -- but its generation-spanning story has serious power , and , in its masterful opening chapter and final sequence , brushes against greatness .
Mountains May Depart is a state-approved Chinese film that nonetheless seems to speak plainly and honestly about the confusion and alienation experienced by generations of Chinese people caught up in all this hyper-speed change .
Mountains May Depart is a patient , sedate film , but the emotional dividends leave a mark .
It 's an intelligent and intriguing meditation on issues concerning what it means to be Chinese in today 's and tomorrow 's world .
A frequent chronicler of the massive transformation going on in China -- technological , cultural , economic -- director Jia Zhangke studies how individuals cope when the world they know shifts under their feet .
No director has done more to chronicle change in contemporary China and the instability it breeds in the lives and livelihoods of ordinary people . Yet there 's a foreground/background problem that continues to plague his work ...
A dissenting view of growing capitalism in China told dramatically through heartbreaking human relationships .
It 's the fleshed-out first segment that best presents characters with actual lives , as compared to the thinly veiled talking points of the film 's second half .
You have to be patient with this one , but that 's not a bad thing , on the contrary , those who are patient will be rewarded . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-

@highlight

Beautifully filmed , powerfully acted , and rich with meaning , Mountains May Depart represents another outstanding outing from writer/director Zhangke Jia .