A robotic and joyless sci-fi film that never comes alive .
The film is not without its strengths in this early part ... but before long ... whatever originality remained after the borrowed premise is completely discarded .
Morgan is an uneventful bore .
The result is a mediocre showdown with a guessable twist .
Luke Scott 's -LRB- yes , the son of Ridley Scott -RRB- directorial debut Morgan is essentially Ex Machina for dummies
Its cinematics are sleek , performances are solid , and the narrative is mind-numbingly simple . Yet the filmmakers infuriatingly manage to mess it up at almost every turn .
While Seth W Owen 's screenplay does n't deliver on all the interesting points he raises about synthetic life forms , he and Scott work well together in the final lap , which has enough well-constructed twists to get the picture back on track .
Morgan is a derivate , clunky , dead boring exercise in science fiction more notable for nepotism than any creative achievement .
Morgan is not as boundary-pushing as it could have been -- it 's nowhere near as original as last year 's Ex Machina , which explored similar themes but felt completely fresh in a way that Morgan does n't .
A B-movie with pretension to high-minded inquiry , addressing artificial life and the sanctity of human existence , but when the story actually engages with the themes the only outcome is a reductive body count and artful blood splatter on concrete .
Although flawed and scrappy , there are enough positives to recommend Morgan .
`` What is Morgan ? '' the film 's marketing campaign has been asking for weeks . Turns out , Morgan is just another sci-fi film that 's only engineered to disappoint .
The makers of Morgan are far more interested in gun fights and grisly slayings than in the implications of for-profit genetic monkey business .
In essence , Morgan is a heinously overproduced student film , complete with a scad of actors who are too good for it .
Thankfully , Morgan does n't outstay its welcome : it 's a brisk , ninety-minute B-movie with an A-list cast .
... it lacks substance , but it 's big , loud and thrilling ...
Alex Garland 's 2015 cult hit Ex Machina , with Alicia Vikander as the robo-girl , trod similar ground ; it proved more intellectually ambitious , though Morgan is a dash more fun .
An initially intriguing but ultimately flimsy sci-fi action thriller .
Morgan is a pretty picture to look at , but thanks to its sloppy script and misguided direction , it 's empty and ultimately forgettable .
A fantastic thriller in which argument is a mix between ` Frankenstein ' and ` Alien ' . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Promising since the beginning ; the presentation of its characters is smart and creates an aura of suspense in a neat and sinuous way . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Definitely not the best from Luke Scott . It only entertains . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
` Morgan ' is , at its best , a disappointing film and at its worst a total waste of time . I find hard to believe that someone would like it -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
For a film that is ostensibly about a being with almost supernatural intelligence , Morgan is just not that smart .
Even though it has an amazing production , this film could have been a lot more . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A mix between science-fiction , artificial intelligence sub-genre , and a horror story with characters trapped in a confined space . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Morgan falls short in many regards , but Luke Scott and the rest of the film-making team seem to be attempting something intriguing .
Morgan is the pistol whipping , flesh eating , test tube baby of this sloppy scientific experiment that combines elements from Vincenzo Natali 's Splice and last year 's Academy Award winning Ex Machina .
Synthetic sci-fi - ` Ex Machina '' did it so much better ...
It 's begging for a more virtuoso visual treatment to compensate for its substantive flimsiness , or a pulpy tone . See it to be an early member of Anya Taylor-Joy 's fan club .
An almost complacent action story similar to a Bourne film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A collection of moldy old motion picture ideas dressed up for another grasp of the brass ring . It misses it by a mile .
If Scott and screenwriter Seth W. Owen gave more attention to ideas than shocks and genre action , they might have come up with a fascinating picture . As it is , they 've made their own Frankenstein 's monster .
A base , sleepy exercise in horror that does n't deserve its cast or an audience .
It 's clear that Morgan could and should have been a heck of a lot better ...
Morgan had the chance to do something interesting with its sound building blocks but instead settled for punch-ups and trite hijinx .
It is never a good thing when a story 's misdirection turns out to be more interesting than the actual direction from which it is trying to distract you , and that is precisely what goes wrong with Morgan .
Morgan is an unassuming little thriller , nicely put together and engaging enough while you 're watching , though its memory is likely to vaporize hours , or even minutes , after you 've seen it .
It 's rare to be able to pinpoint the exact moment when a movie goes wrong , but it 's possible to do so with Morgan
Eschewing the compelling SF questions it raises , Morgan resorts to violence and would-be cleverness , and makes concrete what it should have left ambiguous .
Thanks to Morgan , we know what bedtime stories Ridley Scott told his kids .
Morgan short-circuits in the third act .
Stunningly obvious and clumsy attempt to give us a `` Blade Runner/Ex Machina '' Lite .
Mediocre , but even when it clumsily telegraphs its intentions , the film does have a zippy energy that keeps it from being stagnant .
Taking Alicia Vikander 's 2015 ` Ex Machina ' one step further ... despite the tilt towards horror and unnecessary graphic violence , it has fine acting , tight directing , and holds interest throughout .
It 's an attempt to wed philosophical science fiction concepts with bloody horror - a dubious endeavor that somehow works .
Cold around the heart . But that 's what makes it work .
The horror-thriller Morgan is fast , efficient and lethal , but it 's also depressingly familiar .
It toys with some interesting concepts , but Morgan ultimately favors generic action over developing its core ideas into something more fascinating .
Much of the first hour is slow and muddled , and once the pace picks up in the third act , much of the narrative logic is thrown out the window .
It 's exactly the kind of picture you 'd expect to be released on Labor Day weekend : dumb , shoddy , and forgettable .
If you want to see this sort of story told in an excellent fashion , check out `` Ex Machina . '' If you 're curious about how not to do it , here 's your prime example . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
When you find yourself focused more on the fact that Mara 's character never ditches her high heels , even when running around a forest , it 's a bad sign .
Morgan is frustrating because it does exhibit some early promise .
Even with the majority of the cast working at a relatively high level , the movie is never able to overcome its more obnoxious shortcomings .
As yet another riff on Frankenstein and those overreaching scientists who want to play God , Morgan offers dread , androgyny , gore and violence but no magic .
Despite a great cast and similarities to Ex Machina , this sci-fi movie does n't really have much to say outside of a vague cautionary message . And it does n't offer much in the way of thrills aside from the many killings .
The predictable twist hampers the story 's suspense , and the film does n't dip beyond the superficial .
While it is set firmly in the present , or at best a few years out , the message is clear ; the days of Blade Runner are closer than we may think .
Scott and company have created tight little throwback to old-school sci-fi and horror movies about the dangers of playing God . It 's still a gruesome potboiler at heart , but it 's one that strikes some effective chords .
Whatever thoughtfulness Morgan approaches over the course of its setup is dismissed outright in the final 20 minutes .
A horror slash sci-fi movie of the been-there-done-that variety . Predictable . Boring .
So strongly resembles Ex Machina that you wonder if at any point the filmmakers felt even a twinge of misgiving about what they were up to .
Elegantly lensed and oozing with unwarranted self-importance , `` Morgan '' attempts to be clever by surprising us with unexpected violence and plot twists . But instead of being startling , it ultimately feels overly familiar falling into old tropes .
Watchable , but not all it might have been .
Even I , a self-prescribed horror movie skeptic , found myself wrapped up in Morgan - I was invested in the characters , I -LRB- mostly -RRB- bought into the plot and even found myself embracing some of the gore by the end .
Anya Taylor-Joy ... plays the title character with a mixture of vulnerability and detached humanity that makes her like the world 's most frightening teenager .
Morgan is the flip side of Ex Machina ... making it part of a lively debate rather than the `` ripoff '' or `` clone '' that some critics will inevitably claim .
Even if you guess its big reveal -- and many certainly will -- there remains enough decent sci-fi in ` Morgan ' to keep us mostly involved to the end .
Morgan is a provocative and atmospheric reworking of familiar sci-fi tropes . The excellent supporting cast helps anchor the film even in its more improbable moments .
This is one of the worst movies of 2016 .
Luke Scott is the son of Alien director Ridley Scott and shares with his dad a gift for staging scenarios in which institutional calm erupts into savage and exhilarating violence .
A stylish but silly science-fiction potboiler in the tradition of Frankenstein .
It 's well designed and shot , but in service of a story that never coalesces into something intelligent or compelling .
Ambiguity makes `` Blade Runner '' a classic ; a lack of ambiguity means `` Morgan '' strays into a run-of-the-mill genre territory , despite its deeper ideas .
The point of things quickly shifts from engaging the audience 's interest and/or intellect to merely keeping it stimulated and guessing .
Boasting top-notch performances from its fine ensemble , Morgan is ultimately a satisfying sci-fi thriller , even though , at times , its noticeable , melodramatic kinks threaten to ruin your enjoyment .
If anything makes ` Morgan ' stand out from the pack , it 's the fact that it feels like no one else could have directed the film . -LRB- Or at least not the same way . -RRB-
The film , directed by Luke Scott and laden with high-tech eye candy , should have been a lot more complex and psychologically interesting than it is .
A dull , listless , derivative chunk of celluloid lacking any spark or even basic storytelling ability .
Performances are wooden , the dialogue is grating and silly , and the plot holes ca n't be filled by your standard `` artificial intelligence is complicated '' explanation .
Morgan ca n't quite decide on what it wants to be , resulting in an unbalanced , boring and predictable affair . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's a sleek and sterile look to it that makes it cold and slightly repellent , but it holds our interest , albeit without building much suspense .
Even with the suspiciously strong cast of distinguished character actors , Taylor-Joy is easily one of the film 's greatest assets .
Mr. Scott creates a disappointingly skeletal Frankenstein story that entertains efficiently but vacuously .
The capable cast yank us through the chicanery , making welcome gestures towards a number of science-fiction ideas , but `` cranked-up Frankenstein '' is n't one of the film 's smarter or more original ones .
It 's not a terrible movie , but it is a lacklustre feature debut for director Luke Scott .
A mediocre sci-fi/thriller about a human-looking A.I. teen who ca n't escape her factory-installed features .
Pared-down , efficient , and easy to follow , Morgan dispenses with the long , complicated pseudoscientific explanations that bog down so many sci-fi movies .
Though not a unique story , Morgan has a plot much like a fine craft cocktail : There is a twist .
Escalation is never felt , even when things start getting bloody
No less dull , shallow and forgettable than your average direct-to-VOD Sci-fi thriller , but with a bigger budget and A-list cast .
Instead of the science-fiction masterpiece it could have been , Morgan ends up only as a genre piece . It 's a very good one , though . Its young talent bears watching .
Before the midway point , it is pretty obvious what the eventual outcome and supposed big reveal will be .
By the end , what it means to be human becomes a rhetorical question , and a stupid one at best . The depressingly relevant inquiry ? Whether this insipidly contrived movie could survive a brain transplant .
Luke Scott 's eye-catching science-fiction cautionary tale Morgan ca n't escape the cliched clutches of confusing , flash-edited Jason Bourne fights and obligatory car chases .
`` Morgan '' works as a reasonably effective sci-fi thriller - perhaps even more so if you 've never seen a movie by Ridley Scott .
It 's mostly when the younger Scott mines other influences and trends that his work falters , ultimately turning more predictable than he realizes .
Morgan has a taut efficiency that is often missing from the recent work of Scott pere . No offense , Sir Ridley .
It sets up an interesting though hardly revolutionary premise but then takes it in an entirely predictable direction , ending with rote action sequences and revelations that do n't surprise .
If you 're a sucker for movies where scientists tamper in God 's domain , this should give you plenty to chew on .
If only the questions it asks were more involving , and not just philosophical window dressing on what is ultimately a fembot-in-a-cage action flick - albeit one with a nice bit of torque .
`` Morgan '' ... is creepy , and sometimes pretty smart . And sometimes not .
An enjoyably tense sci-fi thriller , bolstered by superb performances and stylish direction .
You may start to wonder when the last time an ensemble this good was placed in service of a script this thin .
How dare Luke Scott tease us with a captivating premise and then assault our eyes with such nonsense .
It would be a stretch to call the movie any kind of feminist statement , but it does boast an equal-opportunity nastiness alongside its enjoyable stupidities .
Generic and forgettable , with minimal suspense and a plot that never deviates from the predictable .
Labour Day weekend is considered a dumping ground for unpromising films , and pointless sci-fi thriller Morgan fits right in .
There are few cinematic pleasures greater than the smart , well-executed B movie . Count Morgan among them .
It 's a tremendously goofy picture , but one delivered without hesitation .
Scott 's pacing , building an early foundation of uneasiness , starts to collapse as the script resorts to illogical actions in service of the plot .
The utter failure of ` Morgan ' underscores what happens when a filmmaker enters strip-mined territory with nary an original idea .
A high-minded film that wants us all to ponder what it means to be human . Alas , the most ponder-worthy thing in this film is wondering how Kate Mara managed to do all that running through the piney woods in those very high heels .
It engages but falls a good deal short of Ex Machina 's fierce intelligence ... -LSB- However , -RSB- the performances are robust .
An OK genre entry - better than average Labor Day weekend fare .
A lot makes me uneasy about where biology and technology are going . But Great Scott ! Is `` Morgan '' really the best you can do ?
Even if his film 's plot is predictable , the younger Scott is returning the ensemble thriller to its roots with something far more important than an airtight story : compelling , well-drawn characters and the talented actors to play them .
Luke Scott 's directorial debut is too derivative of previous science fiction films , although the performances are good .
The narrative does lose its way as we progress towards the latter stages however , and a patent lack of ideas seems to kick in , as the film takes a somewhat lazy turn , away from the intricacy of the intriguing opening act .
Nobody seems to know quite how to navigate the assembled elements , casting off a disappointingly flat thriller ...
Morgan devolves quickly into a glossy but familiar horror film content to bloody one member of its remarkable cast to a pulp after another .
Pseudo-science thriller Morgan manages the impressive feat of being simultaneously moronic yet utterly indistinct .
Until its letdown of a final stretch , Morgan is a gripping group portrait of menace and vulnerability , each punch to the solar plexus a burning question , timeless and of the moment .
First , the film does n't have any particularly intelligent or clever answers to its own what-if premise . Second , it 's operating in the shadow of other science-fiction films that do engage with the same questions .
Director Luke Scott -LRB- son of Ridley Scott , whose influence is clearly felt on this film -RRB- makes his feature-length debut with a stellar cast , but Morgan fails to live up to the full promise of its premise .
Nicely done , Mr. Scott , nicely done .
Scott 's low-key sci-fi thriller zips along with a sense of creeping dread-at least until it sputters to a third-act twist that anyone who 's semiconscious will see coming down Broadway .
A slick sci-fi thriller with straight up no nonsense technology and nonstop action .
Whatever its flaws , this is a rare genre movie that allows two women - both Mara and Taylor-Joy are coolly riveting , particularly when they 're playing off each other - to take center stage in both the drama and the action .
Terrific and highly entertaining . Its a smart , aggressive thriller . Luke Scott has arrived .
Morgan is a very dumb movie about smart people . Director Luke Scott 's forgettable sci-fi thriller fails to achieve the highs of last year 's Ex-Machina .
This is a fresh inversion on the usual `` is the artificial lifeform an actual human being ? '' story .
Films like Her and Ex Machina already asked whether humans could love artificial intelligence . Morgan just wants us to feel guilty about it .
A heavy dose of style and a top-notch cast ca n't keep Morgan from being a bottom-of-the-barrel bore .
In spite of hinting at so many challenging possibilities , the film elects the most straightforward and uninspiring path every time .
Morgan is Ex Machina Lite , minues the gripping sci-fi quandaries and emotional investment .
Instead of developing its themes , it uses them as grist for an overload of `` commercial '' action .
Morgan 's makers lose trust in the intellectual heft of their material and chose to prioritize empty sensation instead .
There 's something nostalgic about Morgan , not in its technology or direction , both of which are aggressively modern , but in its structure .

@highlight

Morgan neglects to develop its decent premise , opting instead to settle for a garden-variety sci-fi thriller with more action than ideas .