Another few of these squandered opportunities for art-house muckraking and we 'll need someone to ask who killed the left-wing documentary .
The film shows how politicians on both sides of the isle conspired with oil companies and car manufacturers to rob our ecology of one of its most promising assets .
Chris Paine 's documentary about General Motors ' development and withdrawal of the innovative , environment-friendly EV1 automobile is bound to reverberate with anyone who 's fallen in love with a product only to see it irrevocably yanked from the market .
Transcends its own awful construction by being a documentary , further supporting the idea that docs need n't be well made to be worthwhile .
Given the shortsighted shenanigans engaged in by these corporate-oriented politicians and greedy captains of industry , is it any wonder that we 'd end up mired in the Middle East to ensure the flow of oil ? Who killed the electric car ? The usual suspects .
It goes far beyond electric cars to illustrate how big business controls government actions and policies at all levels with damaging results .
This rich and absorbing documentary also functions as mystery and exposé .
In the interest of understanding how your government and big business work -LRB- and work together against the consumer 's interest -RRB- , you owe it to yourself to see this film .
On the other hand , the activists are a little twee to deliver any serious drama
Filmmaker Chris Paine 's postmortem on the EV1s does n't answer all our questions , but it is reasonably evenhanded and quite entertaining .
It 's liable to get people hopping mad , whether or not they buy Paine 's overarching conspiracy theory .
Piercingly demonstrates how technological advancement occurs only when it aligns with monied interests , and argues persuasively for the idea that we all deserve better .
Where too many politically minded films seem to exist only to confirm what the audience already believes , it 's a thrill to sit in a theater and learn something new and so , so infuriating .
Hits home on all cylinders .
Chris Paine has painted a convincing picture of corporate greed -- working hand in hand with the government .
This doc looks at the possible suspects in the death of the promising electric vehicle : consumers , oil companies , car manufacturers , gov. and even the Hydrogen Fuel Cell car .
The film provides a journalistic service , telling a story that most people in the United States have not heard . It 's a fascinating tale .
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar , but a car is always more than transportation .
... an entertaining but sometimes disingenuous documentary ...
In this context , the presence of President Bush -- the Professor Moriarty of the new wave of liberal docs -- is as depressingly predictable as a baby left in a car in August .
An entertaining if slightly skewed documentary about the short life and early death of General Motors ' EV1 .
... just about a perfect doc , railing authoritatively against a disgraceful chapter in the annals of American business .
If there 's any doubt left -LRB- and why would there be ? -RRB- that the bald eagle should be replaced by the gas pump as the symbol of the United States , this movie closes the lid on that case .
If Chris Paine 's film were half as well designed as General Motors ' super-sleek , super-quick EV1 -LRB- the electric car whose demise it laments -RRB- , it would be a film to cherish .
If An Inconvenient Truth made you curious and concerned ; Who Killed the Electric Car ? will make you angry .
Paine may not exactly be objective , but he is thorough and persuasive .
Insightful , informative and , as far as I can tell , scrupulously fair .
The good intentions are there and the film is expertly structured . It 's just that it 's hard to get that excited about batteries .
A story that deserves to be heard , but like the EV1 , it 's a quiet achievement that should have been much louder .
Paine is preaching to the choir , but the sermon should be heard nonetheless .
The film 's clear and informative exploration of the collusion between the private sector and government agencies , along with the auto giants ' wielding of their financial power to sway legislature , ca n't help but raise the viewer 's ire .
Naturally appealing to environmentalists and techno motorheads , this film 's story also unfolds like a good murder mystery , broadening its scope into areas such as grassroots organizing , corporate conspiracies , and governmental interference .
Paine makes a sturdy if not airtight case that the EV-1 was done in by GM , gutless politicians , fear of change -LRB- plus ignorance -RRB- and the Bush regime lashed to Big Oil .
A documentary as efficient and zippy as its subject .
Tries to fathom why GM created and nurtured a terrific battery-powered car , then strangled its own baby in its crib .
A little preachy and a little dry , the film nevertheless manages to prick your interest and your conscience -- and to raise your ire toward the folks who created this wondrous technology and then obliterated it .
It posits a necessary question in these days of ever-burgeoning oil prices and ever-shrinking supply , and it offers distressing insights into the corporate American mindset .
A lot of the film is illuminating ; a lot of it is pointless .
Want to hear a dirty story about a clean car ? If you need another reason to distrust the U.S. automobile and oil industries , director Chris Paine 's expose should give you a jolt .
The American dream had become a reality in the electric car , now that 's gone forever . How insane is that ?
Paine 's disarmingly impassioned movie sees nothing but short-term sinister interests behind the forced disappearance of a viably long-term solution .
Like An Inconvenient Truth and Enron : The Smartest Guys in the Room , the movie is ultimately a nonpartisan warning .
I recommend Chris Paine 's film , especially to people who believe that telling the truth about environmental crises is the only way we will ever solve another murder mystery : Who is killing Mother Earth ?
Cynical bike riders may well snicker at scenes of car-lovers behaving like tree-huggers , but Paine effectively builds the viewer 's affection for EV1 , so the removal of the cars works as the film 's climactic moment .
Paine 's movie can be a bit repetitious , but whether you regard the story as a footnote to automotive history or as a record of a tragically lost opportunity , you 'll find plenty of interesting material here , not to mention some cause for hope .
A spirited celebration of the deceased can honor the lost opportunity even as it challenges the living , breathing , concerned survivors to demand more from corporations , government , ourselves .
But no matter what your conclusion one thing is certainly true : With gas at almost $ 4 per gallon , does n't an electric car costing next to nothing to charge sound pretty good right about now ?
Does n't contain very many surprises , and it will most likely preach to the already-converted , but it 's still a necessary document .
It may sound like a downer , but Paine turns it into a call for action .
It 's a lively , informative whodunit about an energy-efficient vehicle that debuted with fanfare and died with a whimper .
Entertaining stuff , and the mystery itself is a doozy .
The film is well-meaning but so desperate to entertain that it begins to grate like the left-wing message has begun to grate on even the left wing .
A balanced examination of the reasons for the electric car 's disappearance .
Depressing and hugely important .
Runs efficiently on its own energy and sincerity , which makes it not unlike the car it mourns .
Fierce , deftly entertaining work of muckraking journalism .
Energetic documentary that efficiently ridicules GM for scrapping its electrical vehicle line .
A wondrous tale with an infuriating ending -LRB- at least so far -RRB- .
This year 's Enron : The Smartest Guys in the Room -- an investigatory exposé on callous , myopic corporate greed .
Proves to be not a balanced documentary but an embittered plea from consumers who just want their baby back .
tells the tale of nefarious doings perpetrated for reasons that will raise both the hackles and the righteous indignation of its audience
Thumbs up ...
Who Killed the Electric Car ? makes you angry , and also sad , to live in a country where innovation could be contrived into an enemy .
Certainly makes the case that if the electric cars were available today in mass quantities at competitive prices , they would sell like Girls Gone Wild videos .
Paine 's movie manages to entertain and infuriate , sometimes simultaneously , as he investigates the reasons why a U.S. automaker -- one with some serious problems -- would invest in a product only to sabotage it at every turn .
While there 's no denying the film 's left-leaning point of view , Paine goes to painstakingly lengths to make a rational case rather than an emotional one .
Though the structure is hardly crisp ... most of the material is informative and the presentation is often amusing or dispiriting -LRB- sometimes both almost simultaneously -RRB- .
No matter how fine Paine 's intentions , he ca n't obscure that the movie is , at day 's end , the tragic tale of rich people whining because somebody took their trendy toys away .
Wobbly in the one-sided pursuit of the whole truth , but deserving of praise for its vigor and passion .
Paine amasses evidence -- including dissenting voices -- that 's consistently illuminating .
Fascinating .
A laudably complicated , if emotional and a little comic-book goofy , story .
By the end of the film , you actually come to mourn the passing of the EV1 , a well-intentioned soul that was in the right place at the right time , but was surrounded by the wrong people .
Instead of producing an inflammatory piece of agitprop , Paine 's film is more like an especially edgy Saturn commercial .
Writer-director Chris Paine offers many things : a stinging critique of the car industry 's short-sightedness and lust for profits , a plea for greater public awareness of alternative energies , and an elegy for a sweet little electro-car called the EV1 .
... makes a compelling case , but , given the piece 's TV-special-report style , it 's surprising that Sony Classics is releasing this theatrically .
I 'm not a scientist ; I 'm not an activist ; I 'm not a super liberal or a super conservative or political really in any absurd way . I 'm a film critic .
In many ways , the movie is superior to An Inconvenient Truth , with more journalistic balance than the Al Gore global warming film .
A documentary to make your blood boil -- if you love cars , cherish the environment , and scorn the power and privileges of oil companies .
If $ 3-a-gallon gasoline does n't make you hate the big oil companies , the shocking revelations in Chris Paine 's thought-provoking documentary Who Killed the Electric Car ? will .
Impassioned , unwieldy and padded with celebrity interviews , Paine 's documentary ends on a surprisingly upbeat note .
... entertains and educates at the same time .
A potent hybrid of passion and politics fuel this energetic and highly compelling documentary .
Chris Paine 's documentary makes an unapologetic case for the car and an unofficial indictment of the forces allied against it .
Fast and furious , Who Killed the Electric Car ? is the sad tale of yet one more attempt by a heroic group of civic-minded souls to save the browning , warming planet .
Sometimes things like this do happen .
Like a companion piece to An Inconvenient Truth , this timely documentary tackles what could be done about America 's oil addiction .
Another question that is , sadly , also answered : WHAT killed the electric car ? The answer is , simply , greed .
Maintaining a surprising whimsical humor , Who Killed the Electric Car ? is still too moralistic and lecture-hallish for its own purposes .
Circa 1950 GM destroyed L.A. 's electric mass transit system , the best in the world , to sell more cars ... Forget the dubious credibility of the messengers , this is a polemic that properly shines the spotlight on corporate corruption .
Delivers a provocative exploration of competing interests -- each articulately voiced -- and of broad consumer indifference .
Liberal fairy tale -LSB- about fanaticized conspiracies . -RSB-
Like the kid brother of An Inconvenient Truth , Chris Paine 's Who Killed the Electric Car ? delivers cinematic activism of an eco-friendly variety .
The specifics create a sit-up-and-take-notice aura of doom that pervades the narrative much like Al Gore 's impending disaster doc .
Who Killed the Electric Car ? has no focus or reason apart from its history lesson .
A documentary about a car may not sound like the most scintillating movie on the planet , but Paine is a skillful storyteller who spins his yarn with surprising humor .
Chris Paine 's well-tuned documentary goes beyond the occasional knit-pick by the usual suspects -- his examination encompasses all aspects of a technology big business has been conspiring to put down since the model-T .
does n't bring up anything supremely new or surprising to merit attention , nor does it have even half the entertainment that the Hybrid episode of South Park had
A left-leaning documentary that effectively shows how big biz trashed a pollution-free car .
No amount of last-reel optimism will cool the anger of progressive-minded auds .
Perceptive take on the irrationalities of capitalist car production
Given the increasingly dire predictions about global climate change and the state of affairs in the Middle East , developing a car that does n't require gasoline seems like a no-brainer .




@highlight

A searing indictment of big business and greed , Who Killed The Electric Car ? is a well-tuned doc that simultaneously entertains and enrages .