Filmmaker Noah Baumbach has infused much of While We 're Young with a loose , freewheeling quality that 's impossible to resist ...
While We 're Young has the golden feel of a lifetime 's obsession , the sense that Baumbach has spent so long observing the ghastliness of hipsters in Brooklyn that he now simply has to get it all down in one long , dramatic evacuation .
Baumbach 's intelligence and uniqueness are evident in While We 're Young . On the whole , though , the movie seems like it got lost on its search for some creative and human truth .
As a non-breeder , I admit to being pleased to find a rare film that dares to stand up for the idea that your life is valid even without children .
It 's a worthwhile field of enquiry , made into a strangely self-satisfied film .
Among other things , Noah Baumbach 's very funny While We 're Young is a rumination on the Long Tail , the theory that pop culture remains accessible long after it 's originally created .
The problem could simply be that Baumbach is too close to the material to know when to pull back .
Few movies are as perfect in showing the duality of ageing generations simultaneously distrusting the young whilst wishing they were young again - and even fewer are as funny and insightful as this .
Their foibles are ideal material for Baumbach who uses this fender-bender between Gen X and Millennials to tackle something real-rapidly shifting ideas of art , truth , and integrity .
As with much of Baumbach 's best work -LRB- as with one of his great cinematic predecessors , Woody Allen -RRB- , you can sense him working out some personal demons and conundrums within the narrative of his film .
Ultimately , this film is about two well-meaning people coming to grips with who they actually are versus who they 've always thought they were supposed to be . And when it 's on a roll , While We 're Young is hilarious .
Baumbach 's most engaging and least condescending film .
Generation Y pays tribute to some kind of romanticized , analog echt-ness while being profoundly , scarily -LRB- often hypocritically -RRB- in virtuoso command of all things digital .
It 's a very funny movie , and a beautifully cast one
Some fans might wish Baumbach had made another `` Frances Ha , '' another `` Kicking And Screaming . '' But instead he 's made his first `` While We 're Young . '' And thank God for that .
The importance of ageing gracefully is examined with both humour and pain in the sharply observed While We 're Young , a satire that 's more brutally honest than it is impertinent .
Most plaudits go to Driver , who nails the role of King of Hipsters . Destined for huge things -LRB- he 's in the new Star Wars movie -RRB- he makes this likeable film even more enjoyable .
While We 're Young will appeal to anyone with a predilection for neurotic New Yorkers like Woody Allen , Larry David , Louis C.K. and so on .
The performances are note-perfect throughout .
After the more experimental Frances Ha , Noah Baumbach 's While We 're Young finds the writer/director synthesizing his earlier observational comedies with his later , crueller character studies of self-destructive intellectuals .
The actors are all uniformly excellent -LRB- Stiller can still be so good , and Watts is his match in mutual frustration and lasting love -RRB- , and it 's as though everyone involved has a vested interest in this smart , timely endeavor .
It 's easy to appreciate what Baumbach is aiming for in While We 're Young , but it feels more like an intellectual exercise than an involving , emotional encounter .
The premise is atractive from start , but the characters can be a little annoying . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even though it 's clearly a comedy , the director shifts tones to question the generational gap in some parts . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With great acting , and a well rounded script and good aesthetics , this is an interesting and entertaining film that balances drama and light comedy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The best Woody Allen film of the year directed by someone else . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Naomi Watt 's performance gives us a couple of good moments , but the film does n't give us enough of that . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A great comedy that uses common places to examine two different groups of people and see them through the lense of comedy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ingenious , honest and with humor that sways between intelectual and satire . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A great tale of the generational breach with witty dialogue and intellectual humor . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A reflexive and fun film that works as a bridge between generations . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` While We 're Young '' is a highly enjoyable film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The cast and the sophisticated comedy thats trademark Baumbach make this a really enjoyable film . And also hipsters will love it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While We 're Young is not your typical Ben Stiller comedy , it 's a deeper and more slow paced film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I 'm so glad Noah Baumbach has lightened up .
Baumbach has satirical fun with both the younger duo 's retro-chic poses and the older couple 's delusions . He also stages some knockout farcical episodes .
Cinema 's most vicious , mean-spirited denunciation of the millennial generation yet
None of the characters have any kind of inner life , and they only exist in relation to Stiller 's character .
The pains of ageing , and the chasms that divide generations , are mined with witty precision in this latest comic outing from Noah Baumbach .
Generations mix in a semi-sharp comedy from Noah Baumbach
A warmly incisive comedy of urban manners and foibles , sharply observant yet wise and compassionate , satirical yet oddly sweet .
While We 're Young is a career-best for -LSB- Stiller and Baumbach -RSB- : generous , wise and consoling for those facing their forlorn 40s .
It reminds me a little of Woody Allen in that it 's using comedy to make insightful comments about relationships and society .
There 's a lot on the mind of this satirical look at middle-aged angst , but the film 's lack of depth make its overall impact more muddled than profound .
The casting is spot-on .
A routine middle-age-crazy sitcom for over-educated urbanites .
While We 're Young is a smart , observational comedy on the millennial iteration of the generation gap . It might have been more entertaining if you did n't feel the urge to strangle the hero .
Josh wants Jamie 's life , Jamie wants Josh 's status . Each generation suspects the next , but in their division Baumbach has made his most pleasing and accessible film yet .
Much like Baumbauch 's filmography , it 's frustratingly uneven . Razor sharp at times , but mostly scattered and unclear , out to comment on a generational divide without much of a game plan to guide the feature .
While We 're Young is a rare experience -- it vaulted over my dire preconceptions .
While We 're Young is n't Noah Baumbach 's greatest film . It 's more like a collection of his greatest hits .
Perhaps not -LSB- Baumbach 's -RSB- best film , but his easiest to embrace .
A well-etched social comedy with clear viewpoints about the elastic nature of integrity and compromise .
The film asks thought-provoking questions about modern technology , friendship and even documentaries that will likely cause deep discussions afterward .
Broader and significantly funnier than any Baumbach project yet .
I wondered if writer-director Noah Baumbach could n't decide about his own project , because he switches gears dramatically midway . I responded more strongly to the film he started to make than the one he ended with .
While Stiller 's Josh may be worried about losing his edge , Baumbach should have no such fears .
Baumbach has a great sense of the ridiculous , and a sensitive instinct for keeping the attack under control .
Questions of identity abound in `` Young . ''
A great film about modern generational relationships still needs to be made . But until such a movie comes along , the entertaining and occasionally insightful While We 're Young does its part to help fill in the -LRB- generation -RRB- gap .
... very little feels organic about the film , starting with Stiller and Watts as the central couple .
Will youth triumph over the seasoning of age , or will experience trump innocence ? Such time-honoured questions are folded into a cunning script .
While We 're Young tries to be a lot of things , but ultimately the story left me frustrated . Like the characters , I left the film wishing about what could have been .
A great performance by Ben Stiller makes this an easygoing Sunday afternoon movie , if not one of Baumbach 's best pieces of self-examination .
Throughout this peculiar and hilarious film , the answers to Baumbach 's questions are found in ideologies and political rhetoric , which he believes people subscribe to in their relationships .
A human comedy of people growing up and growing older , finding out who they are and what they want out of life , and learning that every age -- and every stage -- has its joys as well as its jolts .
While We 're Young is the Antz to Bad Neighbours ' A Bug 's Life , and not just because Adam Driver looks like a giant grasshopper .
I suspect the extravagant praise lavished on Noah Baumbach 's films comes from those who can relate to the dreary , doleful misery of snarky , neurotic New Yorkers .
Fedoras , vomit , and laughs . Just when should you have your mid-life crisis ?
The obvious shots at hipster scenes ... eventually sour into a complex critique of modern ambition in a changing cultural landscape .
The best parts of this movie come from Baumbach finding inspiration in the way the younger generation works , particularly in the hipster movement .
The wonderful thing about While We 're Young and the relationship that develops between Josh and Cornelia and Jamie and Darby is that it 's less about resentment than it is a celebration of romantic love . At least initially .
Baumbach knows we 're all wondering if we 're on the right life track , and While We 're Young once again shows that he understands how funny that wondering can be .
While We 're Young may provide the fusion of two disparate narrative packages but the glass is only half-full .
A smart charmer of a comedy that feels as personal as it does universal -- at least for those coming to grips with the fact that they now require reading glasses .
The first two-thirds of the movie are absolutely delightful , but once the gears of the arguably too clever plot begin to grind , ` While We 're Young ' loses some of its appeal .
`` While We 're Young '' is clever and sharp , but it 's also uncommonly generous for a Baumbach film towards all its characters . That kindness must be a byproduct of getting older .
Baumbach , whose films include the searingly funny , autobiographical The Squid and the Whale and the brilliantly uncomfortable Margot at the Wedding , writes wry , sharp , poignant stuff .
Baumbach has more fun struggling with the deeper questions than he 's ever had before , and the result is an open-hearted , quick-witted take on old problems in new times .
Baumbach plays with universal themes about the uncertainty of aging , the elusive nature of `` cool '' and the acceptance that comes with settling down ...
Yes , both characters have some major , character-defining flaws , but Baumbach observes the two men with unexpected sympathy .
When `` Young '' is good , it is delicious , playing on 40-somethings ' resistance to being considered `` middle-aged . ''
For a while much of this contemporary comedy is great fun - until the party ends and you 're ready for these people to go home .
Sharp editing , a masterful attention to pace and wonderful performances .
While We 're Young starts off as an empathetic , funny look at middle age and winds up as profound and schematic as a Neil Simon play - or , for the younger set , an episode of The New Girl .
Only an artist at the midpoint between the maypole and maturity could concoct a comedy as potent as `` While We 're Young . ''
A sometimes poignant paean to struggling to age gracefully while time drags you kicking and screaming to the inevitable end , While We 're Young effectively balances wry comedy and bittersweet drama .
The result is n't entirely riotous , yet Baumbach weaves in plenty of droll observations about the bittersweet burden of middle age .
Is n't as sharp or consistent as ` Greenberg , ' Baumbach 's previous collaboration with Ben Stiller , but while uneven , its high points outnumber the low ones .
Makes for a fantastically entertaining character study , even if you 'd flee from these characters on the street . Look at these hipsters .
Has a few missteps -- perhaps part of its quality -- that are hard to brush aside . Even so , it is a great film -- the first such of 2015 .
Baumbach has a solid grasp of what it feels like to hit one of those life transition points but a far more tenuous sense of the hip milieu occupied by the younger characters .
A sharp satire about the middle-aged fear of youth .
While We 're Young is easily Baumbach 's finest , most understanding film yet .
It still has an edge , but it 's tempered with experience . Like his frequent collaborator Wes Anderson , Baumbach seems to be reaping the rewards of having grown up .
Baumbach is as perceptive as there is when it comes to the way people talk and act , achieving an acute level of realism , even in a comedy as wonderfully absurd as this one .
For about an hour , `` While We 're Young '' was one of the most exhilarating times I 've had at the movies in many a month . It played like razor-sharp Woody Allen in his prime .
Much of the film 's humour is mined from its satirising of Jamie and Darby 's retro-hipster lifestyle .
The film has -LSB- Baumbach 's -RSB- usual strengths : sharp urban insights , brainy comedy , moments of inspired high exasperation . It also shares a few of his faults .
One of the pleasures of an intermittently very funny film is its sly and subtle approach toward the attrition between generations .
It 's a funny thing , the generation gap . Depending where you are standing , it can look like anything from a hairline fracture to an unbridgeable chasm . From Noah Baumbach 's point of view , there 's plenty of comic mileage at either end of the spectrum .
It 's a rueful look at what those in their mid-twenties and mid-forties have to offer each other and what the cultural differences are between those whose time it is now and those whose time it was 20 years ago .
Witty , observant , salty comedy about work , love , babies .
The film has its intellectual airs but it delivers witty one-liners , belly laughs and physical comedy .
If you 've been wishing you could see a good Woody Allen comedy again , you should check out Noah Baumbach 's While We 're Young , which sees the 45-year-old director moving in on Allen 's territory - the Manhattan comedy of manners .
Baumbach has always tackled tough stuff , the universal truths of growing up , growing older and confronting oneself , but I usually found his take on it to be overly precious . Until now , that is .
Funny and wise , it 's got to be a front-runner for best comedy of the year .
The dynamic between Stiller and Watts , especially , is strong : he is tightly wound and neurotic , while she is much looser . It 's Watts ' best work for a while .
Highly recommended for anyone feeling wistful about their youth .
There are so many deserving targets skewered by Noah Baumbach 's savvy Ben Stiller comedy While We 're Young , you could lose count .
Noah Baumbach is still swinging away at generational divides and the plight of the artist , but here , he trades in his rapier for a foam rubber cudgel .
Both young and old will find a lot to laugh at in this film , which has Baumbach 's frothiest dialog and shrewdest characterizations .
Baumbach may be the sharpest social satirist of his generation - in some ways , he 's a Woody Allen with clearer vision and fewer nervous tics - but the message of this droll , enjoyable bourgeois vaudeville can be boiled down to Father Knows Best .
While We 're Young pairs two New York couples , one middle-aged and anxious and the other millennial and carefree . Both are in for a satirical skewering , but also - and here 's a change for Baumbach - something close to a hug .
A smart , empathetic , sometimes scarily identifiable work from a writer-director who continues to carve a gratifying niche for himself in independent cinema .
The storytelling is smooth and assured and the one-liners are generally enjoyable .
Heartbreaking and cautiously funny ,
Struggles as it weaves anachronistic ` Look ! Hipsters ride bikes ! And watch video tapes ! ' commentary .
A new , endlessly confusing generation gap is just one of the subjects skewered in the brilliant new comedy from Noah Baumbach .
A lot to digest in a single viewing , but feels unmistakably like another vital work from an ever-maturing filmmaker .
Even at its most confected , this is a film that tells the truth .
Baumbach belongs in a select group of invaluable American directors . He makes movies built , increasingly , like traditionally structured studio comedies of an earlier age .
It 's a satire of endless youth , `` The Kids Are All Right '' colliding with `` My Generation . '' Yet it 's the best kind of grown-up absurdism .
A sharp look at getting older , growing up and assuming responsibility .
Baumbach has produced another excruciatingly pleasurable and wince-inducing study in insecurity .
Writer-director Noah Baumbach once again taps into a specific point in life with astute observational skill , even if the plot feels oddly forced ...
A triumphant examination of confusing efforts to figure out what to do with yourself as a human of any age .
This stinging GenX midlife meltdown is a bit strained in its plot , but that 's balanced out by lots of melancholy wisdom and bittersweet wit .
`` While We 're Young '' is one step forward and two steps back for writer-director Noah Baumbach , whose movies are never less than intelligent but , at their worst , tend to settle for gestures instead of movements .
There are no definite heroes or villains here-just shifting values that reward the good old human vanity in a new , locally-grown/artisanal/organic -LRB- insert your own buzz word here -RRB- way .
A middle-aged couple who are stuck-in-a-rut in their marriage and work yearn to build a richer and deeper life together in love .
Baumbach does a rich , comic job with the contrasts between the couples , capturing both middle-aged lightheadedness and callow youth with a simmer of sociological precision .
A cross-generational character comedy whose biggest problem is its characters , Noah Baumbach 's While We 're Young is sharply observed but frustratingly slight .
`` While We 're Young '' is a movie that recedes while you 're watching it .
The best Woody Allen film of 2015 . A fast , funny , smart take on generational jealousy , with Ben Stiller and Adam Driver on great form .
This is sharp filmmaking , treating serious themes with a beguiling lightness .
A knotty exploration of the dialectic between sincerity and authenticity , or the shifting relationship between truth and fiction in an age where we 're no longer sure what those words mean ...
Some of its sillier tangents do n't always hit , but when fully firing , its barbed one-liners are often spectacular
Comes together in a way that 's surprising and fulfilling .
While We 're Young might be Baumbach 's most playful and loose film yet . For a film about the differences between three generations of documentary filmmakers -- an art form not known for the LOLs , that sets up a lot of LOLs here -- that 's a surprise .
While We 're Young may very well turn out to be Baumbach 's magnum opus .
This is advertised as a comedy , but ... what it really is , is the story of idealism facing up to the real world in the movie industry . Terrific performances , well directed , great script ... the ending is surprising but in touch with the real world .
In filmmaker Baumbach 's contemporary comedy , Stiller and Watts never lose sight of their connection with each other even while examining their life choices .
While `` Greenberg '' had pointed observations to make about a middle aged egotist and his relationship with the younger generation and his own past , this one is muddied by unclear intent and sketchily defined female characters .
Might have been a simple takedown of the Millennial generation - you know : `` These damn kids today . '' But the movie is more complex than that .
The observant and mocking humor that makes the film 's first two-thirds so breezy and enjoyable gives way to shattering realizations , but Baumbach ultimately tempers that instinct somewhat by exhibiting genuine sympathy for Stiller 's character .
` While We 're Young ' plays like a screenplay that was several drafts away from hitting its target .
When Baumbach is on , he 's really on , and the brilliant `` While We 're Young '' contains the same self-lacerating humor as his `` Greenberg , '' `` Margot at the Wedding '' and `` The Squid and the Whale . ''
Fear is a major theme of While We 're Young , seriously explored even when played for laughs .
I have some problems with this movie , not all of which can be ascribed to the usual narcissism of small differences . But first it 's important to acknowledge the acuity of Mr. Baumbach 's insight and his overall generosity of spirit .
Baumbach , in what 's easily his most conventional and commercial film , gives the film a fun rhythm and fills it with some legitimately good gags . The film is less wise than it thinks , though .
This delicious satire about aging hipsters and their discontents is everything we 've come to expect from the best of Noah Baumbach , as well as several things more .
it 's too heavy a load for this slight chassis to bear
A sharply observed and witty dark comedy .
Noah Baumbach 's best movie since 2005 's The Squid and the Whale , While We 're Young navigates into more mainstream territory while losing none of the writer-director 's rueful wit .
Putting one 's finger on exactly what 's wrong with `` While We 're Young '' is a challenge . Best to use several fingers .
The verbal wit and comic set-ups are smart and sprung from the zeitgeist .
While We 're Young is hurt more by its weak plot and resolution than anything else .
There 's a certain breezy obviousness to much of the humor : it 's like a broad , sitcom expansion of a Moral Tale or a Comedies and Proverbs episode that Baumbach 's beloved Eric Rohmer might have made on a sortie to Williamsburg .
As usual , Baumbach 's writing is alert to the lies people tell themselves to avoid combusting spontaneously in a flaming ball of self-loathing .
While We 're Young is perhaps -LSB- Noah Baumbach -RSB- 's most unpleasant picture to date , and that 's a compliment .
Funny and smart , finding humor in cultural pretension without taking cheap shots . That 's a lot harder than it sounds .
`` While We 're Young '' is snarky , smart and surprising , right up until the final shot .
Stiller 's scenes with the gifted Adam Driver escalate into generational comic warfare of a high order . Baumbach touches a raw nerve .
One of Noah Baumbach 's more accessible films , with solid performances all around .
Only the motives of Baumbach 's alter ego are pure . Meanwhile , the most entertaining questions - Can people transcend wide age gaps ? Should they want to ? - turn out to be beside the point .
It 's not Stiller 's character who 's the curmudgeon , it 's Baumbach .
Baumbach 's most conventional comedy turns out to be his most fully realized film -- sharp , polished , nicely pitched and played .
In terms of the effectiveness of its scare tactics and the precision of the one-liners , ` While We 're Young ' is uncut Baumbach .
Noah Baumbach 's latest is a comedy of cross-generational exchange that 's smart , lively , and beautifully observed-until it sours in a final act that undoes much of what precedes it .
Another inconsequential Noah Baumbach parody of so-called `` normal '' people trying to function in a fractional society changing too rapidly to keep up with , While We 're Young is a dreary bummer .
Baumbach 's confidently charming latest , plays more like a Woody Allen-ish parody than any of his other movies , but the shift has n't required a sacrifice in insight , heart or bite .
Baumbach 's eighth feature is n't just sharp , it 's serrated - its jokes , and there are lots of them , come at you with rows and rows of tiny teeth .
Sharply observed , often LOL comedy about artistic integrity and the shrinking horizons of middle age .
Noah Baumbach lobs jokes with hectic editing and a Sturgesian velocity , but much of this cross-generational comedy is frantic and wearisomely superficial .
It shows a director not so much mooning over the past , with regret for faded powers , as probing his own obsessions and the limits of his style .
A classy comedy about the generation gap and the ubiquity of manipulation .
While We 're Young subverts and exploits the audience 's desire to find heroes and villains in its narrative . Millennials merge with Generation X and emerge conflicted , but enlightened .
Beneath the onslaught of contemporary in-jokes and one bad fedora , Baumbach manages to articulate , with a great deal of poignancy , the timeless challenge of aging
Perceptive , funny and cringingly honest ...
Ben Stiller does what he does yet again in a familiar story of a middle aged couple invigorated by youthful friends set in the borough of Noah Baumbach .
A decaffinated and sitcomish approach to a boulevard comedy of early middle-age behavior
If Frances Ha was Baumbach 's very successful attempt at remembering the excitement and uncertainty of his younger years , then his new film is a witty report on where he is now -- or , at least , the people he sees around him .
Noah Baumbach 's new Ben Stiller-lead comedy has big laughs and thoughtful commentary for anyone who 's thought the phrase , `` when I was young . ''
A strong mainstream effort by director Noah Baumbach . Ben Stiller has n't been this funny in years .
Brooklyn-oriented social satire has already worn quite thin ... and While We 're Young is in danger of thinning out as well . But the Baumbach touch ... goes a long way to smoothing out the film 's more canned moments .
Intellectually supercharged entertainment , with a laugh-line-per-minute count it would be grouchy to undersell .
Baumbach is never less than shrewd in the way he links his protagonists through insecurity .
We know from his previous work that Baumbach is capable of writing much more interesting and full-conceived female characters than these , so the gender imbalance here is disappointing .
The breezy tone of the early stages deepens into something more profound by the film 's conclusion .
Baumbach 's own acutely observed this-is-life laffer features his most relatable characters yet .
-LSB- Baumbach 's -RSB- best , and funniest , in a decade .
While a truly original comedy , `` While We 're Young '' is the rare film that laces rich thematic elements with wonderfully drawn characters to create a picture that 's as genuinely hilarious as it is thoughtful .
While We 're Young is a mostly enjoyable movie , but what it 's trying for is wisdom , and that 's a quality that Baumbach does n't earn .
The most hilarious Woody Allen film in years is directed by Noah Baumbach , with Ben Stiller as basically an updated version of the idealistic documentary filmmaker the Woodman played in ` Crimes and Misdemeanors . '

@highlight

Poignant and piercingly honest , While We 're Young finds writer-director Noah Baumbach delivering some of his funniest lines through some of his most relatable characters .