This woolly mix of hilarity and horror works best when played for baaad laughs . One thing is sure - it will put you off doner kebabs for life .
If there was a list of movies about killer mutated sheep , this would undoubtedly be the best of the bunch .
Brisk , rambunctious splatter-comedy
Lush photography of the beautiful New Zealand hills combines with skin ripping mayhem and over-the-top humor to make one of the funniest of the new wave zombie satires yet .
It 's a lively affair , extremely violent , full of black humour and what might be called shear terror .
Pera ap ' to concept toy , kai dyotreis eksarseis stin ekseliksi toy , par ' oti fainetai polla yposhomeno to Black Sheep den ehei na dosei kai polla oyte sti splateria oyte stin komodia poy prepei na pantrepsei
A raucously hysterical romp by some seriously twisted filmmakers .
The farce maintains a rollicking pace and the performances are more accomplished and likeable than a film of this sort generally musters .
Good , camp fun .
Flock to this if ewe want a bloody laugh .
The jokes do n't quite stay the course , but writer-director Jonathan King generates far too much goodwill for you to mind .
Once the novelty wears off , we 're left with a poorly-made black comedy with plenty of gore but little suspense and even fewer laughs .
Shaun of the Dead has set the bar pretty high for this sort of thing ; Black Sheep just is n't nearly as funny or suspenseful .
If you 're in the mood for black comedy - especially if you enjoyed Shaun Of The Dead - this is shear -LRB- pun intended -RRB- enjoyment .
There are plenty of decent laughs , but the shadow of the far superior British zombie romcom looms large .
This impeccably filmed comedy horror film echoes An American Werewolf in London and early Sam Raimi and Peter Jackson , but it has its own unique energy , and it 's a must-see .
Enjoyable , frequently hilarious horror comedy , although it 's stronger on laughs and gloopy gore effects than it is on actual scares .
While it 's rarely fall-down hilarious , it 's witty enough to please horror fans in search of a light-hearted tribute to splatter flicks of old .
Dopey editing , ropey pacing , hokey story structure , scrappy sound , rubbish rubbery gore and acting that would shame a toddlers ' nativity play .
Sometimes it works , sometimes it does n't but there 's plenty of chuckles and chills along the way as Henry , Tucket and Experience face the threat of a couple of hundred sheep bright-eyed with bloodlust .
Make up your own sheep-related pun - ewe 'll love it , mutton to be ashamed of , ram-bunctious etc. . If you only see one zombie sheep movie , you wo n't have a lot of choice , but this certainly delivers all you could wish for .
The only people who are likely to feel hard done by are vegetarians , farmers and those whose stomachs are weaker than their sense of humour .
The performances may be uneven , but the flawed characters are believable , the sheep surprisingly scary and the animal antics often laugh-out-loud funny .
Like its ovine stars , Black Sheep is none too smart , but will certainly coat you in its fluffy warmth and put an affectionate smile on your face . Lacks much real bite , mind .
Black Sheep is flat-out comic-horror genius ...
Killer sheep . Really , is there much more that needs to be said ?
Amid the blood , gore , shrieks and ovine freaks , there 's plenty of novelty value in this original flock-horror fest , albeit little else .
The film is carried along by an abundance of enthusiastic energy that 's tough to resist .
This lurid lunacy from New Zealand is a horror-humor cross-breed of animal lore and giddy gore .
Folks looking to pass 90 minutes with a comic horror movie in the vein of `` Tremors '' or `` Shaun of the Dead '' won ' t need to feel -- heck , let 's just say it -- sheepish about buying a ticket .
Anyone lacking a taste for red meat will likely say bah to the one-joke juiciness of Black Sheep , but ovine enthusiasts will be licking their chops .
Cute idea , poor execution ...
The main difference between this and other horror escapades is the sheep 's wool mixed into its production of blood and guts .
A really solid horror comedy : beautifully shot , decently acted , fast moving and creative with the disembowelments . And it manages the weird feat of making a flock of sheep bounding across a meadow seem vaguely menacing .
For his first feature , the director has started with a simple joke -- the incongruity of sheep being threatening -- and embellished it wittily enough to keep us chuckling throughout .
The human characters in Black Sheep are nothing more than tired stereotypes ... But the sheep are fabulous !
Stunning vistas of New Zealand 's rolling countryside are n't enough to carry this lame 2006 horror spoof about a lab experiment gone awry .
The most gruesomely satisfying spectacle for hard-core environmentalists would be that of a group of foreign investors in the evil enterprise being gobbled up by a flock of rampaging sheep .
-LSB- A -RSB- refreshingly fun and over-the-top take on the sickeningly overdone zombie genre .
It just goes on too long to support what is essentially a one-joke premise .
King 's film is a boffo short wantonly stretched to feature-length , well beyond the scope of his ideas ...
... Black Sheep never rises above sensation and splatter , or goes beyond the one thing it does best : It bites .
Black Sheep is never very frightening , but it 's clever and fun , with a memorable amount of humor and gore . Imagine if the Monty Python folks made the killer rabbit part from Holy Grail into a full-length movie .
Like Snakes on a Plane , the whole movie is essentially contained within the title . All the picture itself does is to repeat that concept for 87 minutes .
If you have the bad taste for this sort of thing , it 's rarely done better , even by Peter Jackson .
There are lots of clever ideas in Black Sheep , which spins out endless variations on what sounds like a one-joke premise but is n't .
It 's the Triumph of the Lambs .
I suspect -LSB- director Jonathan -RSB- King 's next film will be better .
Enter this in any student horror film festival , and Black Sheep wins hooves down .
A strenuous goof , one that will test your tolerance for the violence of the lambs .
Bloody good fun . The acting is solid throughout -- everyone seems to be having a great time , and they all seem to realize they 're making a campy horror-comedy , not a serious drama , so they just take the premise , roll with it , and have a blast .
I pretty much hated it . Like the zombie spoof Fido from a couple of weeks ago , this is a one-joke movie -- and the one joke gets old fast .
The lush hills of New Zealand provide an ironic backdrop for this witty little horror show about a farm where genetically altered sheep have been turned into devilish zombies .
Starts off great , ends up merely not baaaaaaaa-d .
Only a 12-year-old boy would view this collection of squishy grotesqueries and squirting arteries as perfect Friday-night entertainment .
Sheep are supposed to have a particular knack for putting you to sleep , at least when counted , but Jonathan King 's cannibalistic farm animal horror satire Black Sheep could keep you awake nights instead .
Black Sheep is essentially a silly , grisly elaboration of a simple idea : What if sheep started feasting on human flesh and turning their victims into huge ovine zombies ?
Delivers exactly what it promises : it 's a stylish , thoroughly entertaining summer monster movie .
A one-joke skit that trots in a straight line , and your enjoyment of it will depend entirely on how many times you need to see gonzo sheep rip out human entrails .
Marvelously droll and frighteningly grotesque New Zealand horror comedy about , yes , killer sheep .
Sure , Shaun of the Dead may have unlocked the door for movies of this ilk . But Black Sheep kicked it off the hinges and paved the way for a second coming in horror comedies .
The picture is a vibrant advertisement for the scenic glories of New Zealand -LRB- it was shot by Richard Bluck , who did second-unit work on the `` Lord of the Rings '' films -RRB- , but it 's not really scary -- and it 's not that funny .
Wool growers of the undead !
But for the time I was in the theater I did have a good time , and in the case of Black Sheep that 's more than enough tasty mutton to warrant a mint sauce recommendation .
Maybe it 's not exactly what Romero had in mind , but for pure insanity , Black Sheep does its job and it does it well .
Rife with bloody gore and funny gags .
Broad humor , including `` sheep-shagging '' and other puns , lifts this predictable B-movie a shade above the inanity of most of its recent brethren .
The film is fabulous , perfectly capturing the sense of silly horror while bloodying the meadows of NZ with gore .
It 's still relatively early in 2007 , but this wry comedy about sheep gone baaaaad promises to be the best vampire-flesh-eating livestock movie of the year .
Slickly made but not deeply felt , and while -LSB- director -RSB- King shows signs that he may one day make a film as rich as Peter Jackson at his peak , next time he should try to get the audience to care equally about the eaters and the eaten .
Absurdly , magnificently gruesome .
Jonathan King 's film is an intentionally moronic mash-up of horror clichés bound to delight all fans of grade-Z entertainment .
A giddily subversive addition to the age-old cinema tradition of the horror comedy .
Writer-director King deserves credit for wringing every ounce of ovine mayhem from his sheep-for-brains premise . There is no such thing as an unfunny cutaway to a sheep .
Funny and intermittently exciting , but it 's never scary .
Lacks vigorous satiric or allegorical energy .
It 's about time that New Zealanders got their share of some ribbing .
Hilariously reminiscent of the early career splatterfests of Peter Jackson .
Takes a ludicrous concept and plays it as totally straight-up horror , which makes it even funnier than it might have been if it were presented as a joke in the first place .
If you 're in the mood for something sillier , Black Sheep awaits . There are plenty of laughs , but do n't let that fool you : This one 's not for the weak of stomach .
A good , midnight movie crowd is best , but something tells me even the most jaded common moviegoer will have something to scream about in Black Sheep .
Black Sheep takes one of nature 's most decidedly non-threatening creatures and arms 'em , deliriously and deliciously , with ravenous , razor-edged teeth .
A welcome entry into the burgeoning horror-comedy field , blending its mad environmental science with a lot of fun laughs .
Black Sheep takes so long to get going and misses so many easy opportunities for classic comedy it has to be regarded as a noble failure .
Anyone who can wring repeated laughs out of a simple `` Ba-a-a-a-a '' is okay by me .
Black Sheep flips PG-13 the bird and fills his movie with all the blood , guts , gore , and insanity he can herd into it .
Endearingly amusing .
... gleefully brutal ...
Veteran music-video director Jonathan King 's first feature film mixes black humour and over-the-top gore in an old-school horror romp that harkens back to the early films of Peter Jackson .
Pretty impressive work from a first-time filmmaker who aimed for equal portions of broad humor and gore galore -- and nailed both genres right on the mutton .




@highlight

With an outrageous premise played completely straight , Black Sheep is a violent , grotesque , and very funny movie that takes B-movie lunacy to a delirious extreme .