Emotionally commanding .
Taut and unexpected , Brothers is gripping from start to finish .
Strong performances and scenes of the father 's imprisonment in war camps make for tense viewing .
if every film I see is as satisfying a complex human drama as this , I would n't have much to gripe about .
Un drama familiar intimista y bien actuado sobre los efectos que puede producir un trauma en la vida de las personas , y sobre la oportunidad de cambiar .
A poignant reminder that social issues , in the end , are personal matters .
It is a universal story , flashing with both insight and pain the likes of which most mainstream Hollywood pictures can only hint at .
... about the kind of choices that we might make under duress â '' and about the sort of accommodations we must necessarily make with the difficult choices our loved ones make .
This is storytelling at its best , with each scene building toward a crescendo of moral decisions .
The two male leads , bulwarks of the Danish film industry for more than a decade , play off each other like the veterans they are .
After the film ends you may find fault with certain plot elements , but while you 're watching it , Bier 's effort totally sucks you in .
... intriguing ...
Bier , honored as an Emerging Master at the Seattle International Film Festival this year , is clearly a director to watch . In her hands , a story that could become melodramatic is gripping and heartbreaking .
The intimate handheld camera work and the attention to life 's small details bring an emotional authenticity to this heartbreaking story .
The film melts into a duel of despair , rivalry and reconciliation that is as pure as it is painful .
The been-there , seen-that feeling is hard to shake , despite the undeniable skill in the presentation .
The wrenching `` Brothers '' is like `` The Deer Hunter '' for the War on Terror .
A haunting anti-war film .
At its core , Susanne Bier 's wrenching portrayal of the shifting dynamics within a Danish family is really about survival , about how we cope in the face of shattering grief and what we 'll do -- anything , really -- to save ourselves .
Less an exercise than it is a rut .
A profoundly affecting movie , one in which our sympathies lie with everyone .
This Danish film ultimately loses the battle due to an underwhelming exit strategy .
Feels like an amalgam of newsreel and stage drama , but with the most potent aspects of both art forms .
Keeps itself floating above the suds thanks to Bier 's crisp and lively visual design , the general loveliness of her cast ... and her attention to small moments of arresting domestic authenticity .
An often fascinating look at what it means to be a husband , a friend ... and a brother .
Through it all , Sarah is the linchpin , and Nielsen is never less than utterly convincing -LRB- something you could n't say about her American work -RRB- .
This impressively original film plays with cliches , especially ones about how people act , and act out , in crises . Then it explodes those conventions with devastating consequences .
A powerful , brutal , funny , tragic , vibrant , very human movie .
A beautifully considered marvel of screenwriting .
War comes home in this Danish drama that has careful intelligence and searing power .
Though Brothers is at times unexpectedly harrowing , it is neither a preachy anti-war diatribe nor a triangulated domestic drama , but it does show how even little wars can disrupt the most harmonious families .
... an intelligent , gripping family drama with an exemplary cast . Open Hearts was a terrific film and Brothers is even better .
A wrenching experience ... portrayed with a degree of honesty and intensity that transcends the hackneyed material .
This is powerful , intelligent filmmaking filled with emotional resonance .
The intentions are admirable , but the movie is only so-so .
Psychologically complex and never less than riveting .
Director Susanne Bier manages to rise above mere melodrama to realistic human emotions . The performances are so powerful you ca n't ignore the plight of these people .
A film potent enough to shock , but beguiling enough to intrigue .
Imaginative and immensely engrossing .
This is the kind of movie that does n't solve everything at the end -- that observes some situations are capable not of solution but only of accommodation .
Bier 's attention to detail allows her to get away with melodramatic plot developments we might not buy in another movie . Yeah , crazy things happen , but the characters ' responses to them are so genuine that the plot developments feel genuine , too .
A talented director of ensembles and intimate scenes , Bier again proves herself a powerful , if occasionally overwrought , dramatist .
As warm as her approach is to these people ... , Bier never descends into cheap sentiment or soap opera simplicities .
The characters are recognizably , painfully human -- you know , just like you .
Has an exact sense of emotional truth and a respect for the intricacy of character .
Told predominantly through handheld close-ups , Danish director Susanne Bier 's intimate drama Brothers examines the cost of war on the domestic front .
Awkwardly hitched to current events .
Accomplishes the rare feat of believably incorporating violence in another part of the world into an intimate study of shifting domestic relationships .
Bier lets the viewer feel every ounce of the emotional pain .
A tragedy affects a family in this taut tale .
The performances are impressive , especially Nikolaj Lie Kaas as Jannik and the very sympathetic Nielsen , who relishes the chance to show she 's more than just a pretty face .
This is a tight , tense and extremely well-acted film , with no easy answers and an ending that felt was just right .
As for -LSB- Connie -RSB- Nielsen , she proves that Hollywood has yet to give her a role that 's worthy of her talents and gives a strong performance that is effectively the centre of the film .
An appropriately uneasy blend of graphic military drama and tender romance , Brothers pulls no punches even as its worst violence occurs offscreen .
This is perhaps the most moving and eloquent film of life on the home front since Coming Home .
Well positioned on that slippery cliff called melodrama , Susanne Bier 's grainy , intimate , almost claustrophobic family drama , Brothers , keeps its footing , never falling into the deep chasm of Soap Opera .
Director Susanne Bier avoids cliches as she studies the shifting family dynamic .
A meticulous , nuanced , hugely powerful drama about an already splintered family thrown into chaos by a seeming tragedy .
Bier tries to give us bleeding humanity on a plate ; the result is unpalatable .
This Danish drama of guilt , displacement and brotherly love is all the better for its understatement .
A powerhouse drama that puts us through a wringer of emotions .
While its focus is domestic drama , the film does n't shy away from harsh scenes of wartime violence .
The Danish filmmaker Suzanne Bier 's gripping psychological drama is her second film to examine events worthy of Greek tragedy through a contemporary therapeutic lens .
The deficiencies of Brothers lie in its wholesale adoption of war film clichés and obvious plotting .
This story might have been a standard melodrama in less gifted hands , but Bier uses a leisurely pace and subtly stylized camera work to make it an intelligent , deeply moving exploration of social and individual ethics .
Brothers emerges as no less or more than Bier 's claustrophobic compositions and unimaginative choices .
Explores the primal emotions of sibling rivalry and the toxins of violence in those returning home from war zones .
Every plot point follows a soapy and well-worn path , but the characters speak to each other as if they 've known each other their entire lives .
Again shows what skilled artists can do with a story that might have ended up filled with cliches .
What sets Bier 's film apart from similar fare are the consistently fine performances and powerful scenes of surprising ferocity .






@highlight

This tense , understated drama explores the complications of individual and social ethics stemming from the repercussions of war on one man and his family .