You 'll feel like you 're sitting through a boring sermon , delivered by somebody who had too much to drink the night before and just wants to go back to bed .
The one thing that people approaching Exodus : Gods and Kings from either a religious or secular background will be able to agree upon is a lack of faith in Scott 's devotion to making a good film .
Scott tried to give the `` epic '' treatment to the Moses story , and failed . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While interesting as yet another Hollywood biblical/historical epic , it is disappointing , even meager , in
every other way .
Some of these images look extraordinary in 3D : the depth plays an important role to account for the proportions and marvel at the Egyptian constructions ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One minute Ramses is an evil Pharaoh using Jews as slaves for his bidding , and the next we 're sympathizing the death of his firstborn child . Who the hell do you even root for in this movie ? I suppose the tidal wave
The best way to approach `` Exodus '' may be with measured expectations . It 's fun and exciting , but not mind-blowing . Critical , but faithful .
Exodus : Gods and Kings is ` spectacle ' with a capital 'S ' and in more ways than one , definitely epic .
The real problem I had with Scott 's Exodus however , was with the film 's depiction of God - admittedly never an easy character to get right .
I choose to think of Exodus : Gods and Kings as Ridley Scott 's personal vision of God and his wrangling through his art with the consequences of what saying `` I believe '' means .
-LSB- Bale -RSB- a brilliant thespian . However , his Moses is a sullen and aloof man who is never compelling .
While `` Exodus '' may require Moses-like patience , it 's likely to reward the faithful .
It creates a less-believable ancient world and contains fewer compelling action scenes than Scott 's previous sun-and-sandals epic Gladiator -- nor conviction .
Exodus is rarely boring , but it lacks gravitas compared to its predecessors .
Steve Zaillian 's screenplay tries to update the movie 's themes to present-day concerns , but in doing so , he might just have sent present-day anxiety and scepticism back in time and stripped the story of its sense of wonderment and religiosity .
It 's all such damn good fun , that you can forgive some of the horrendously clunky lines .
Ridley Scott 's worst movie since Kingdom of Heaven ...
The film may spend most of its running time trying to get the Hebrew people out of Egypt , but in dramatic terms , it 's just wandering in the wilderness .
Exodus is all over the place . Except on one point : Scott delivers the all-important spectacle . The well-staged , emotionally resonant Red Sea climax may send viewers out on a high - even as they wonder what exactly they got high on .
Ridley Scott 's Exodus : Gods and Kings runs for almost 21/2 hours , and that still is n't enough time for it to figure out why it 's here or what it wants to say .
Ridley Scott never answers the important question : Why ?
Yet I say unto thee that this hath many moments which be good-ish and watch-able enough and by-the-Book , and yet smacketh of being too graven and tablet-y in their images . If only this wereth not a moment-y mega-movie but an actual , feeling-filled film ...
When it comes to the plagues and the parting of the Red Sea , Scott pulls out all the stops . The Nile does n't simply run red ; it has ferocious crocodiles snapping up the locals , too . It 's the stuff in between the set-piece scenes that 's the problem .
It is devoid of any sort of compelling emotional background or natural storytelling acumen . This last detail is especially damning , as this is one of the best-known tales in the Western World .
The movie wastes its fine actors and , more importantly , its rich subject matter .
Go for the special effects , and you may feel blessed . Go for the Bible story , and you may be disappointed .
Has the scale and spectacle to effectively present the idea of the migration of a 400 thousand-strong nation , but not the spiritual conviction to explain why .
As dead as the Dead Sea Scrolls .
Lacking the faith in God and Hollywood kitsch that motivated Cecil B. DeMille , Ridley Scott 's modern-day Bible epic is much less gripping than any movie with plagues of frogs and boils ought to be .
Simultaneously the dullest and the most insulting version of itself it could possibly be . If only it had managed to be campy , that 'd be something ...
There 's no arguing the immensity of it or the beauty of its visual images . But what 's around the many show-stopping moments is too generic to send us out of the theater properly awestruck , reverent and wowed .
Exodus : Gods and Kings is a flat , uninspired telling of a story that has been told enough times that we deserve something better than this .
As a whole , Scott 's version of this ancient tale feels oddly toothless -- neither religious or secular viewers will find much substance beyond the basics of the spectacle in play .
I found myself longing for the clarity of Darren Aronofsky 's recent Noah , which acknowledged the insane implications of its story by putting rock monsters -LRB- fallen angels ! -RRB- on the screen .
Exodus : Gods and Kings is by no means a perfect film . But it 's a very good film with exceptional devotion to craft , which is more than can be said for many other Bible-themed movies , which often favor accuracy over artistry .
It 's a story that has been told and retold for thousands of years , but this po-faced , dutifully spectacular retelling barely lingers in the memory beyond the end credits .
Exodus : Gods and Kings is exactly the sort of film Hollywood does n't need anymore : a gluttonous epic that fails to evoke or teach or entertain .
Walk on the bland side in a comic book of biblical proportions .
Ridley Scott and his quartet of screenwriters hint at a handful of ideas deserving of exploration , but none of them survive the frogs , locusts , crocodiles and other plagues - the most devastating of which is excessive and unimpressive CGI .
This sour Moses - whose visions come after a biff on the head - emerges as a certifiable lunatic who gets lucky with a few meteorological , geographical and zoological anomalies .
Scott has turned wonders into Wonder Bread .
It never quite reaches its promised land .
Despite the always-commanding Bale as Moses , the emotional side of this story is lacking .
Ridley Scott 's biblical epic `` Exodus : Gods and Kings '' is by turns fascinating and infuriating , exciting and tedious , head-scratching and inspiring .
Yes , there is spectacle , although the initially promising parting of the Red Sea is almost drowned by waves of climactic silliness .
Scott 's film ca n't quite decide whether it 's fully behind the Almighty 's righteous ire or not .
The excitement is dampened by a draggy middle where Moses gets married and a tedious epilogue , but Scott 's keen ability to explain scripture miracles in credible terms is this biblical blockbuster 's major asset .
Ultimately , it 's a determinedly un-ironic biblical epic which may have no time for laughs but shows a keen capacity to tell a decent story well .
The assortment of four credited writers charged with getting Exodus whipped into shape did an alarmingly terrible job of it .
It 's sad to say that the most interesting aspects of this film do n't actually occur on the screen .
From a visual perspective , Scott has created a picture that , at times , can take your breath away , but he loses sight of the more intimate , idiosyncratic elements that should elevate and humanise this narrative .
In a world still being torn apart by religious conflict , the film does have a resonance beyond the grand visual sweep that Scott can always be relied upon to deliver .
Just another disappointingly so-so Scott production - more Kingdom of Heaven than Gladiator .
Exodus feels like a missed opportunity .
Trust Ridley Scott to give us a bold , revisionist take on the foundation story of three major world religions .
Whether it 's Ramses losing half his army in a horrific landslide or vast , sweeping panoramas of the Pharaoh 's Egypt in all its blood-built glory , Exodus is an entertainment of the first order .
the film 's racial issues only make it seem that much leaden , unimaginative , and old-fashioned
Scott once seemed divine . Look on -LSB- Exodus -RSB- , ye mighty , and despair .
Aside from impressive 21st century digital effects , this new take on the Moses story pales in comparison to Cecil B. DeMille 's iconic 1956 version , The Ten Commandments , which is far more resonant and intensely dramatic .
... Whether the fault of editing choices or simply lacking in a screenplay credited to four writers , there is n't enough connective tissue to hold it all together .
Visually sumptuous but otherwise hollow , Ridley Scott 's take on the Biblical tale of Moses could use a little more wrath of God to perk it up a bit .
As with most epics , there are a lot of speeches and dead horses -- all in needless 3D -- but not enough genuine emotion to actually make any of it feel , well , epic .
It 's in the spectacle elements that Scott 's film thrives , and of his recent big-budget mediocrities , Exodus is probably the best .
How do you screw up the parting of the Red Sea ? How does Ridley Scott ?
Production Stands Tall , Story Washed Out
Exodus frequently feels like it is running down a checklist of scenes and events rather than telling a natural story .
The film 's emotional component hinges on Moses leaving his wife and young son for a long and dangerous journey . But what you 'll remember best is all the smiting .
His direction snaps to life in the big moments , which have an energy and drive missing from the rest of the movie .
Even Christian Bale 's noteworthy performance ca n't save the fact that Exodus : Gods and Kings never finds a proper pace thanks to its offbeat storytelling .
` Exodus : Gods and Kings ' is spectacular .
Ridley Scott only barely manages to pull this off by playing the spectacle card with ` Exodus : Gods and Kings . '
This is the first portrayal of God I 've ever encountered who looked like he could use a good spanking .
This big dud is n't blasphemous enough to be outrageous , emotional enough to be inspiring , or interesting enough to be good .
Worst movie of the year . Six writers . Only four get credit . Moses and God are n't listed . But this is so bad it probably does n't bother Moses and God anyway .
Much of the film takes place in Memphis , Egypt , and given the ineptitude on display in other facets of the production , I half-expected a scene in which Moses parted the gates of Graceland .
`` Exodus : Gods and Kings '' is heavily laden with CGI special effects that , like the rest of the film , feels manufactured , not created with an artistic eye .
`` Exodus '' may not be the best thing in theatres , but it 's decent enough to make it worth your time . It 's less dreary and pointless than `` Prometheus , '' for one , and showcases ... some of the fun and splendour that Scott has occasionally shown
Spectacle and Redemption Propel `` Exodus . ''
Exodus : Gods and Kings is not an offensive Hollywood cash-grab , nor is it a particularly inventive revision of the Exodus story .
For as many awesome scenes like what we saw in Gladiator , we get just as many scenes featuring Scott 's Robin Hood dull style of characterization .
Underwhelming - with little or no emotional resonance . Moses does n't even say , `` Let my people go ... ''
It bears little resemblance to the -LSB- source material -RSB- . But in its fictions , technical execution , and visual artistry , it has some admirable qualities .
An action-adventure that has more in common with Gladiator than The Ten Commandments .
An unholy mess . Where 's your God , now , Moses ?
Fails on many levels , but the main one is that it 's a droning bore .
Crowd-wowing CGI spectacle and the inevitable if inconsequential 3-D effects make Exodus look like pure product , without any defining vision .
Exodus : Gods and Kings is as uneven as Ridley Scott 's career ; at times , it seems to be a journey through the director 's greatest strengths and weaknesses . The good news is that his strengths eventually win out ...
Maybe part of me likes the idea of Moses as 80s action hero -LRB- there 's even a scene that 's the Old Testament equivalent of Arnie suiting up in Commando -RRB- .
It 's true that some modern people still believe in the Old Testament God , but that does n't mean it makes sense to have your Old Testament figures talk and think like modern people .
Exodus : Gods and Kings updates the story of Moses in every way except the one that would actually be gutsy : race .
The movie starts off strong thanks to its star 's sheer charisma and our desire to see the parting of the Red Sea in digital high-def , but it ca n't keep our interest for the near-three-hour running time .
Exodus is a movie that desperately wants to be complex and nuanced , but is terrified by the possible consequences of being complex and nuanced .
Despite the best 3D I 've seen , this is one of the silliest movies of all time . Forget history , it 's not even faithful to The Bible .
The screenplay -LRB- credited to four screenwriters -RRB- is a mess , the pacing is uneven , the acting is inconsistent , and the experience as a whole is a letdown .
While the pale skin tones -LRB- bronzer is selectively applied -RRB- and haphazard mix of American and British accents is distracting , it barely scratches the surface of Exodus 's ungainly artificiality .
Ridley can not seem to deliver the goods , as he once did , but `` Exodus : Gods and Kings '' is less a triumph , and more of a waste of time .
Some movies should not be trifled with -- `` The Ten Commandments '' is one of them .
In this day and age we get big and brash every other week from our movies so you better have something else to back it up .
Intends to be a character study , a serious exploration of who this biblical icon might have been , but it also packs on the CGI-heavy combat and tired characterizations .
A well-meaning movie directed by one of the greatest filmmakers of all time who just ca n't get his finger on the pulse of this story .
As dull and inscrutable as a mass in Latin .
It 's like an SNL parody of Exodus when Turturro and Weaver-two very talented actors who outside of this film always elevate the projects they 're involved in-appear on screen .
There 's nothing small about Scott 's effort -LRB- including its mistakes -RRB- , but if you bought a ticket searching for eye-popping Old Testament spectacle written on the largest piece of digital parchment , then Scott delivers you to your Promised Land .
Director Ridley Scott 's take on Moses leading the chosen people out of Egypt is riddled with weird inaccuracies , a Pharaoh sporting an Australian accent and a running time that feels excessive while the story itself feels truncated .
Feels rushed yet overlong and oddly incomplete . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
At this point in his career Scott has given in to the `` more is better '' way of filmmaking , and as such every one of his epics looks the same .
The story is so familiar that cynics might wonder why a pressing need was felt to retell it .
Moses is self-absorbed and arrogant , distant from the plagues , always busy trying to become Robin Hood -LRB- I 'm not kidding -RRB- instead of peaceful messenger from God .
Has undeniable technical merits and two fine central turns from Bale and Edgerton , but how successful can a sprawling live-action spectacle really be when it makes one wish he or she was revisiting 1998 's animated , `` The Prince of Egypt , '' instead ?
A mish-mash - part half-committed melodrama , part half-thought-out political provocation .
`` Exodus '' is an exercise in visual trickery that reaches for nothing beyond the obvious .
Computer-generated imaging has advanced spectacularly over the decades , but moviegoers , and gamers , have been there every step of the way . Miracles are n't as impressive as they used to be .
`` Let my people '' see a better movie .
An even better special effect would have been having a main cast that actually reflects the Mediterranean/North African desert environment ... There are darker-skinned actors on the screen , though they just happen to be all slaves , servants and soldiers .
An all-star -LRB- but mostly non Middle-Eastern -RRB- cast and 3D technology really deliver on the special effects . Not so much on the morality or meaning of it .
`` Exodus : Gods and Kings , '' despite its lofty ambitions and some enormous set pieces , is painfully melodramatic , featuring flimsy , contemporary dialogue and failing in its attempts to energize a tale as old as time .
An utterly clueless , relentlessly grim and rambling action epic guaranteed to displease devout Jews , Christians and Muslims alike , amuse atheists - and generally bore everyone .
Frankly , there is n't anything in Exodus we have n't seen before by DeMille and on a grander and more stirring scale .
As an action spectacular , `` Exodus '' is on par with Scott 's other forays into ancient times , `` Gladiator '' and `` Kingdom of Heaven . '' But as a believable human drama , much less a worthy exploration of Judaism 's origins , it falls flat .
It 's too middling ; neither costume-campy and outrageous enough to count as a guilty pleasure , nor serious enough to demand any deep theological consideration .
-LSB- C -RSB- ommendably daring in its rational , distrusting slant on a biblical narrative , but there 's no ignoring that something fundamental is lost in the movie 's translation .
`` Exodus : Gods and Kings '' does a fair job of giving us what might be called The Second-Greatest Story Ever Told . What it never convinces us of is why .
`` Exodus '' is ludicrous only by accident , which is n't much fun and is the surest sign of what we might call a New Testament sensibility at work . But the movie is n't successfully serious , either .
Unfortunately , the only praying any viewer will be doing is for Exodus : Gods and Kings to end .
This is spectacular entertainment , practically a theme park ride , that could have used more spirituality and soul .
Just as Moses quarrels with his God , Ridley Scott seems to be in a movie-long battle with his own disbeliefs .
Director Ridley Scott ticks the visual `` epic '' box with Exodus : Gods and Kings , but leaves emotion in the dust by trading spectacle for a compelling story .
Admirably cogent , even colloquial , Exodus plows through its stages efficiently , methodically and without much Old Testament passion .
`` Exodus '' turns out to be part of a time-honored tradition : the old-fashioned , super-spectacular Hollywood bomb .
It 's understandable that people were angry about the whitewashing of Egypt . But no aspiring actor of color should think of this as an opportunity missed so much as a bullet dodged .
Moses is imagined as if Scott met him on an awkward first date .
Scott is nothing if not a master orchestrator of chaos , and , both intentionally and otherwise , `` Exodus : Gods and Kings '' offers plenty of that .
Scott departs from Scripture enough to raise hackles . For example , this Moses sees God in the person of an insolent schoolboy -LRB- Isaac Andrews -RRB- .
For all of the care and imagination that have been lavished on the production ... the film 's impact is best expressed by frequent aerial shots that are visually impressive and emotionally remote .
Momentous conversations periodically grind any retelling of the Moses story to a halt , but Scott keeps his head down , plows through and then gets out of the way while visual effects supervisor Peter Chiang and his slave army take it on home .
After a strong opening and a sagging middle , `` Exodus : Gods and Kings '' regains its stride and surpasses itself in the last third , when the God of Abraham unleashes a series of calamities on Egypt and the royal household .
Read the book instead .
We have no idea . What 's the point of a Moses movie without a message from the mountaintop ? Scott has broken the second commandment of a Bible movie : Have something to say and someone majestic to say it .
`` Exodus : Gods and Kings '' has drawn fire for casting White actors in the major roles , but do n't get too bogged down in that . Really , that 's hardly the only reason to not like it .
Bland , overly long and otherwise forgettable .
The movie works well as big-budget spectacle despite a ho-hum script .
Visually stunning , yet dramatically arid .
For an epic , there are , at best , only two clearly seen characters in Exodus .
I 'm not sure who ever could have thought that Exodus : Gods and Kings was a good idea .
Mainstream viewers should lap up a movie that essentially replays Gladiator in ancient Egypt .
A numbing and soulless spectacle of 3-D , computer-generated imagery run amok , Ridley Scott 's `` Exodus : Gods and Kings '' presents an enduring tale by pummeling us over the head with it .
In attempting to turn the story into another version of Gladiator he 's only shown he has no real idea what the story is about or what point he 's trying to make .
` I always hoped my experience could come to the big screen with 3-D CGI alligators with an Australian as Egyptian ruler Ramses , while I 'm played by an English man named Christian . '
... both a drag and a hoot -LRB- and unfortunately more of the former than the latter -RRB- .
Most deflating about Gods and Kings is how inert Scott allows his work to become , delivering a conventional television movie vibe when the production is spending a fortune on gigantic visual effects .
At least DeMille knew how to put on a show ; the best this offers are a few bursts of Old Testament camp ...
What this 3-D extravaganza gets spectacularly right is in putting the epic back into the biblical epic .
Its grandiose set pieces feel empty and imitative -LRB- Scott pulled off this kind of thing much more successfully in `` Gladiator '' -RRB- , and the whole picture feels glitzy and hollow at the core .
Ends up in a lifeless middle ground that does nothing to enhance the story it 's trying to tell .
Ridley Scott ca n't decide if making rivers run with blood is heroic or horrific - you sense he 'd rather make Gladiator II : Attack of the Frogs .
Before you 're able to get too distracted by Exodus ' flaws , Scott reaches back into his bag of pixie dust and whips up another grand illusion .
This eye-rollingly bad movie is silly , sluggish and miscast .
The ultimate takeaway is that if you ca n't finance a $ 140 million epic about ancient Egypt with racially appropriate actors , maybe you should n't make a $ 140 million epic about ancient Egypt .
Mountainside villages are illustrated as panoramas of Brueghelesque teem if not intricacy ; twirls of animated birds are doodled across each blue or pallid sky like the signature of a Sunday painter ... a succession of supple torpor .
A biblical epic in 2014 is a strange beast indeed , walking a fine line in the hopes of pleasing both the faithful ... and those audiences more accustomed to secular myths .
Epic and action-packed , if not as moving or King-James-version poetic as its corny predecessor , `` The Ten Commandments ''
When two weeks later I have more vivid memories of Horrible Bosses 2 than a mega-budget biblical epic based upon one of the most enduring stories of all time , something has gone horribly , horribly wrong .
Whether you are religious or not , you must admit , the epic scale of the biblical Exodus is a fantastic story .
When a swarm of super-crocs seize upon fishermen , turning the Nile into literal blood -LSB- ... -RSB- perhaps you can briefly forgive Christian Bale 's sketchily defined Moses .
As spectacular and surprising as you would expect from Scott . Its spiritual uncertainty - and lack of triumphalism - perhaps robs it of a truly satisfying , cathartic conclusion , but also makes for a truly modern , thoughtful biblical blockbuster .
Exodus : Gods and Kings - for all its pedigree and bravery - remains firmly in the shadow of its famous ancestors .
A grandly staged but soulless and mediocre retelling of Moses liberating the slaves of Egypt .
This is big screen filmmaking at its most traditional , a pageant of sight and sound that makes the trip to the theater completely worth it . Pity about the movie , though .
To be absolutely fair , even if Exodus were cast with 100 % racial/ethnic authenticity , it would still be a terrible film .
Ridley Scott 's best film since Gladiator .
The film itself turns out to be a traditional , linear account of the Moses story that could have been taken from one of David Kossoff 's bible stories .
It does n't take long to realize that Ridley Scott 's adaptation is only aiming for certain forms of credibility , and callously eschewing others .
More like Eh-Xodus .
`` Exodus : Gods and Kings '' is a creaky , sometimes painfully boring Old Testament slog , and finds the visionary director unable to successfully wrangle a human story out of a tale of gods and kings .
Scott 's film never drags . Credit the committed acting of Bale and Edgerton , the former taking all the time necessary to connect with his inner Hebrew , and the latter finding his arrogance giving way to a touching mixture of bluster and grief .
Exodus confuses and frustrates with an uneven mix of camp and tragedy layered through Scott 's controversial biblical spectacle .
Oy gevalt .
Exodus is , if still not necessary filmmaking , a plenty enveloping , even stirring , film , as Scott and his cast find interesting variation to play in small details and modest embellishments .
Scott , aided by CGI though many sets were constructed , has conjured a vision to make Cecil B. DeMille quake .
Director Ridley Scott gets lost in the desert at times in Exodus : Gods and Kings , his epic , but not entirely effective take on the story of Moses ' journey from Prince of Egypt to Hebrew leader .
The best case scenario for this film is that a director 's cut eventually turns Exodus : Gods and Kings into the ambitious , personal epic it tries but mostly fails to be .
What 's absent is something fresh that illuminates Scott 's technique anew .
The plague scenes are well executed ; there 's a quasi-logical explanation of how the Nile is turned to blood , and the inundation of locusts and frogs , and an outbreak of boils , are horribly plausible .
Why , oh why did the director decide that God should be played by a stroppy 11-year-old boy with a high-falutin ' English accent ? Any gravitas Exodus might have had goes up in flames , like the proverbial burning bush .
It 's hard to tell whether Ridley Scott 's Exodus is a misfire satire or a creative misfire , but I suspect it 's the latter given that it takes itself so seriously
A rousing spectacle with scale in line with that of Gladiator , Ridley Scott 's Exodus : Gods and Kings is big , bold and impressive
Ridley Scott has delivered a different kind of Biblical epic , one that questions just as much as it glorifies the power of the Almighty as He destroys the scourge who has taken more than their pound of flesh from `` God 's Chosen People '' .
Exodus : Gods and Kings is dark , spiritually incongruous and damn good .
This is bold and uncompromising stuff from Scott ; a Biblical epic to shake your faith in the order of things , not reaffirm it .
This should be affecting stuff , but it 's consistently undercut by the massively naff aesthetic .
No movie with such a limp ending can be fully satisfying , and the beginning also falters . But the long middle section is a rousing good show .
The result feels less like a straightforward retread of the biblical narrative than an amped-up commentary on it : This `` Exodus '' comes at you in a heady and violent onrush of incident ...
You 'll leave humming the plagues .
The plot may be predictable but Scott 's film is a revelation . This is a Biblical epic we can all believe in .
Mistaking massive amounts of CGI and epically dour performances for historical gravitas , `` Exodus '' wants to tell the story of Moses with the scope of a blockbuster but the soul of a gritty character drama .

@highlight

While sporadically stirring , and suitably epic in its ambitions , Exodus : Gods and Kings ca n't quite live up to its classic source material .