It 's the funniest movie you 'll see this year , and easily one of the best .
A good-natured walk on the mild side , as fondly remembered as a pleasant dream .
This is a great radio bit . Problem is that somebody decided this was a movie , and it is certainly not .
Rarely these days do you come across a comedy so wholly warm-hearted .
This self-deprecating comedy would make both Larry David and Louis C.K. proud ,
Birbiglia humbly finds gold in his unassuming story .
However , there 's something ultimately unsatisfying about the experience of listening to stand-up comedian Mike Birbiglia tell the true story of his inability to marry his longtime girlfriend -LRB- played by the far-too-hot-to-be-with-him Lauren Ambrose -RRB- .
The mix of broad laughs and excruciating truths makes for a highly watchable and intuitive experience .
A riotous breakthrough for Mike Birbiglia , whose humanist comedy says a lot about modern relationships that many of us wo n't be prepared to admit .
Walking a fine line between darkly compassionate comedy , biting reality , striking low-budget fantasy and harsh psychological honesty , this modest but most disarming offering from funnyman Birbiglia is one of those pics that unexpectedly grows on you .
Though the sleep-walking episodes are funny , it 's the way Mike Birbiglia captures the pains of performing comedy to tiny rooms that really fly .
As entertaining as the movie can be , it 's the smaller , more poignant material in between the big laughs that makes the final product so charming .
It takes a while to find its feet but Sleepwalk With Me develops into an interesting film about an interesting person .
... just like the most memorable stand-up routines , there 's a twinge of tragedy and pathos in the mix that make the laughs linger and the story stick .
Really , this film lives or dies on the charm of its protagonist . Luckily , Birbiglia is very charming indeed .
I guess there are only so many times you can tell a story - even a great story - before even you are tired of hearing it .
Sleepwalk With Me is implausibly appealing . The idea of someone not liking this picture is implausible . It would be without plause .
The idea of the man-boy who ca n't commit is rather '90s , and neither the film 's narrative nor style brings it forward two decades , to where it should be .
Moments of comedy and drama are preserved , but even at 81 minutes the film seems a tad long
Based on an off-Broadway play and novel , the humour is cumulative , emanating from the characters and situations and resulting in a bubbling feel-good snapshot of life from the view point of an aspiring comic with an oddball slant on things
Sleepwalk With Me is a disposably sweet ` Annie Hall ' rehash that achieves its minor ambitions with unremarkable efficiency .
A film that expertly paddles through the complicated subconscious and repressed feelings of a faltering comedian
So do hang on and tough it out through the early awkwardness : once the truth starts hitting the fan/fans ... it 's a production that no one will sleep through .
From start to finish , his character , called Matt Pandamiglio , is all by his lonesome -- reaching out of the fog . He 's a funny fog person .
The film acts as both a diary of a sidewinding comic stylist finding his style , almost by accident , and a reminder to all post-collegiate boyfriends and girlfriends that `` OK '' probably is n't good enough for either party .
Even though the story does have its serious elements , it is very funny .
Full of shaggy self-deprecation and wistful romantic realization , Sleepwalk with Me is an amiable tale of beta-male discovery .
It 's slight .
Even if comedian Mike Birbiglia does n't have more stories worth telling on film , he 's done one movie that sneaks up on an audience and earns its attention .
It is n't the typical romcom with a happy ending and rosy outlook all around , but it spins its wheels in familiar territory too often and takes a lazy approach to its central relationship , even as its sleepwalking scenes hit all the right notes .
Birbiglia is boyish , a calm talker , and just meek enough to keep his punch lines surprising but not so meek that he 's unlikable . -LRB- If anything , Birbiglia is extremely likable . -RRB-
Modestly amusing autobiographically inspired work of fiction .
It 's not until the movie 's second half that it really picks up momentum and builds drama . But by the time Sleepwalk with Me crosses the finish line , it 's difficult not to genuinely like everyone involved .
... pleasant entertainment with overtones of personal confession ...
There is something worthwhile about a comic who has the guts to admit not everything that arises from his lips is worthy of Mark Twain .
Ultimately , the film becomes an admirable , but flawed piece of work . The comedy bits work well , but the overall story leaves something to be desired .
An amusing but innocuous movie that wants to be liked , loved , perhaps even hugged -LRB- Birbiglia is n't shy about exposing his love handles -RRB- .
The movie is hilariously funny and witty . Although messy at times , Matt 's relationship with Abby is sweet and endearing . The sleepwalking incidents are the weakest links in the narrative , because it is difficult to show on screen the vividness of ...
This is unquestionably the funniest movie you 'll ever see about a doomed relationship coupled with a life-threatening sleep-disorder .
yet another film about an underachieving -LRB- but bright and talented -RRB- character trying to make it in world of straights who do n't immediately recognize how wonderful he is .
It 's not the most novel character arc in the world , but sometimes a story does n't need to break new ground . Sometimes it 's enough for it to feel comfortable , maybe even familiar , and make you smile .
This is a movie for anyone who 's ever been unsure , and surely that 's everyone .
Notwithstanding its storytelling stumbles , `` Sleepwalk With Me '' points in a positive direction for this likable comedian 's career .
A smart , neurotic slice-of-life comedy about a stand-up comic with confidence issues , commitment issues , and career issues .
`` Sleepwalk with Me '' puts a laudably offbeat new spin on the familiar story of the slacker guy with the commitment problem .
Birbiglia 's pleasingly nasal delivery and agreeable presence holds it together .
There is n't a single thing this movie attempts that every episode of Louie does n't do better .
`` Sleepwalk With Me '' is a good movie , but it could have been a great one if it cared as much about the woman as it does the man .
It 's a film of great humor and insight , but most importantly , it retains Birbiglia 's personality , keeping the master of ceremonies and his whirlwind life of heartache and nocturnal activity beautifully intact .
It 's like nothing I 've ever seen , sort of Funny People crossed with Annie Hall by way of Lost Highway .
Birbiglia has been a unique voice on the standup comedy circuit for several years now . `` Sleepwalk with Me '' indicates he could make an even bigger impact at the movies .
Mike Birbiglia showcases the mindset of a comedian trying to find his voice , and the film has a surprising amount of heart .
A pretty flimsy piece , but a likable cast and a laid-back attitude make it moderately agreeable .
Birbiglia has an affable screen presence , and there 's an appealing authenticity to the characters and their relationships .
The jokes are never quite funny enough , and the situation -- aside from the sleepwalking gimmick -- does n't feel quite fresh enough .
Birbiglia 's easygoing style makes even his oft-told tales affecting on the big screen .
Like any good stand-up comic , Birbiglia works best when playing off an audience - or , in this case , the camera .
Dizzying navel-gazer about a desperately unfunny comedian .
A movie that will likely have greater resonance for his fans -- and for fans of NPR 's This American Life -- than more casual moviegoers .
Mike Birbiglia adeptly navigates the comic , self-mocking confessional terrain .
I liked Sleepwalk With Me-just not nearly as much as I would 've liked to have liked it .
As an off-beat movie that depends on his conversational delivery , Sleepwalk with Me manages to avoid many of the standard romantic comedy pratfalls .
Sleepwalk With Me is a remarkably assured directorial debut for comedian and storyteller Mike Birbiglia , based on a stage monologue about his journey of self-discovery as a performer and the challenge of dealing with a rare sleep disorder .
This sharp romantic comedy began as a one-man show , and you can tell : the hero 's voice-over narration wraps around the entire movie , and the scenes are mainly verbal .
Sleepwalk With Me is never anything less than awfully likable . But I so wanted it to be more .
Funny and fresh - leading man/director/writer Mike Birbiglia is one to watch .
`` Sleepwalk With Me 's '' transition from stage to screen primarily works because Birbiglia continues to carry the weight .
It all adds up to a fine , funny exercise in disheveled self-deprecation : a self-portrait of a guy who ca n't control a major portion of his life .
Birbiglia proves to be as engaging a presence on the screen as he has been all these years onstage and over the radio waves .
The real find , above all else , is Mike Birbiglia himself . He 's as sure of a natural in front of the camera as he is behind it .
The semi-autobiographical tale is appealingly low-key and alternately funny and melancholy , informed by Birbiglia 's casual delivery .
Is there reason to be concerned that so much popular culture is about young men not wanting to become adults ? Probably . And yet `` Sleepwalk With Me '' makes the subject palatable , funny and maybe even touching .
`` Sleepwalk With Me '' traps Birbiglia inside his own head . He desperately needs a movie or cable series that wakes him up and sets his material loose on the outside world .
`` Sleepwalk With Me '' is the perfect movie for fans of `` The Daily Show '' who actually stick around for the second-half interview .
It is a likable , warm film that brings a welcome reassurance : Even if you fail spectacularly as a comedian or as a human being , it really can turn out OK in the end .
I like this movie . More important , I like Mike Birbiglia in it . Whether he has a future in stand-up I can not say , but he has a future as a monologist and actor .
Familiar problems with a funny , likable spin , much like Birbiglia 's easygoing , anecdote-filled comedy style .
For all the first-film jitters ... Sleepwalk with Me is a canny and heartwarming comedy that rarely sells the audience short .
... a very personal story from actor-turned-filmmaker Birbiglia and gives an honest account of Matt 's two very different lives ...
The film may not be as laugh out loud funny as one would expect from a guy who makes his living telling jokes , but Mike Birbiglia has made an insightful film on how he got there .
It 's far too similar to every other star-is-born sob story the entertainment industry churns out with ease .
Sleepwalk is oddly soothing , like a cup of camomile tea before bedtime .
A thoughtful adaptation of Birbiglia 's hit one-man , off-Broadway show .
More than just a glorified stand-up act .
When it comes to mining a medical malady for laughs across multiple platforms , standup comic Mike Birbiglia is a master .
Matt 's learning curve is probably supposed to be entertaining , or endearing , or something , but mostly it just sends the movie lurching into inertia .
Sleepwalk With Me sets itself apart from other movies about standups . The moral he learns is to face up to the truth , or else he 'll be miserable . That 's a life lesson that will hit home with anyone , not just comedians .
Mike Birbiglia 's wonderfully deft `` opening up '' of his stand-up routine is a rare achievement in this genre and a supremely self-deprecating delight .
Birbiglia 's gift , really , is one of reassurance . It 's nice to know that we can fail spectacularly and still be okay .
Feats of raconteur storytelling are always tricky to translate into something effective and fluid enough to be movieworthy . But Sleepwalk With Me sticks the landing .
Sleepwalk holds together as a story that , like a particularly good episode of This American Life , is both laugh-out-loud funny and somewhat melancholic .
An amiable , sometimes surprising movie about chasing your dream while you 're wide awake .
Sleepwalk with Me embraces its toughness and emerges with a sharp comment about evasion .
-LSB- Rides -RSB- a weird tonal line , maybe aiming to split the difference between comedy and terror but coming off as afraid to really go for it on either .
Birbiglia is a fresh new comic voice in the world of indie film and it will be interesting to see where he goes from this clever movie .
The funny thing about the movie is n't its failure-to-launch humor , but the weird mess of life that rushes in despite it .
The crux of the story offers sharp practical wisdom in the modernist vein , regarding the comedian 's confrontation with the danger and the challenge of self-revelation , but it 's served up too smoothly and sweetly .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- `` Sleepwalk With Me '' is lightweight to a fault . Yeah it 's strange that this marginal comedian has a kooky sleep disorder , but that does n't mean it makes for a very entertaining comedy .
The movie is so good that if you were n't a fan of Mike Birbiglia beforehand , you will be afterwards .
This is an adorable film based on the story of a comedian struggling to break through in the business while bartending in a comedy club .
Birbiglia 's take on relationships is irreverent , which makes it better than the usual guy complaining about his pretty fiancé movie .
Charming and occasionally insightful .
The extent to which his stand-up improves and his insecurities worsen ... seems to stem from a very real place of ambivalence and ambition .
Birbiglia has a very matter-of-fact charm about him and gives the simplest of observations wonderfully sardonic weight .
A thoroughly enjoyable and engaging film .
Crowd-pleasing comedy from stand-up Mike Birbiglia .
This storytelling is n't particularly intriguing , but Birbiglia 's charisma carries them with a personable brand of self-deprecation .
Sleepwalk With Me very much reminded me of a take on High Fidelity with comedians instead of music snobs .
With a sure visual sense despite a clearly limited budget , and most importantly a rock-solid understanding of storytelling , Birbiglia crafts a romantic comedy that 's utterly unique , but also satisfying in a primal , familiar way .
An endearing indie feature about the day-to-day indecisions and nocturnal perambulations of a commitment-phobic New Yorker .
Sleepwalk With Me is as charming as it is winningly modest , but it 's so incredibly slight a stiff wind would knock it into a different hemisphere .

@highlight

Laugh-out-loud funny and endearingly messy , Sleepwalk with Me overcomes its tonal inconsistencies to deliver a sweetly melancholic , amiably reassuring indie crowd-pleaser .