Director Robert Towne and cinematographer Caleb Deschanel have creatrd a pretty picture but forgot to inject some life into it .
Airless , joyless
Donald Sutherland saunters onscreen , momentarily raising the level of the film , before he ambles back out the door and things sink back down to the listless and pointless pace that typifies this jumbled mess of a movie .
Supporting characters float in and disappear without rhyme , reason or resolution .
Towne has a perhaps unique ability to make this ill-fated movie romance classically seductive while doing full justice to its authentic subject . -LSB- His -RSB- canniness as a writer and casual sophistication do wonders for the actors .
full review in Greek
Although Chinatown writer Towne lovingly depicts the Depression-era LA setting -LRB- actually shot in South Africa -RRB- , the film misfires .
Termina numa nota amarga ; não em função de sua história , mas da promessa não realizada de se revelar um filme grandioso , digno de seu diretor .
It is a odd-sounding , odd-looking piece of work , not uninteresting by any means , but there is something a little forced in both lead performances .
A perplexing but ultimately rewarding experience .
A curiously resistable drama , despite several strong elements -- the most notable being newcomer Idina Menzel .
Like the desert beyond , the film is arid and airless .
The elements never quite come together , and the main characters never quite spring to life .
Something is missing , though . The themes are all there , but the movie does n't cross the blood-brain barrier and rev you up .
This film is too dull to really spring to life .
A lush ode to optimism , opportunity and the American dream .
A pulpy , hard-boiled , ironic tale but with a happy ending
The characters are well drawn , but their relationships are not , making the viewing experience passive .
No one gets away unscathed in Robert Towne 's overblown attempt at transfiguring John Fante 's novel to film .
Farrell and costar Salma Hayek have rarely been so affecting , or so effective , as self-hating ethnics who find love .
An excessively melodrama story filled with cliches about writing .
In `` Ask the Dust '' you get to see Farrell and Hayek cavorting naked in the waves of the Pacific .
-LSB- Director Robert Towne -RSB- may have been passionate about the project but that passion does not materialize on the screen .
-LRB- Towne 's -RRB- recreation of 1931 Los Angeles is stunning ... -LRB- but -RRB- the movie itself -LRB- is -RRB- glacially slow and boring .
Towne 's script somehow can never put us in his hero 's mind , his actions are always incomprehensible and we never get close enough to the man to give a hoot what happens to him .
Who would have guessed that Robert Towne , the writer of Chinatown , could make a movie as awful as Ask the Dust ? It has it all -- one-dimensional characters , one-dimensional set and idiotically arch dialogue .
Ask the Dust has occasional lapses in energy , sagging noticeably about the two-thirds mark . Still , it rallies in the final reel , generating enough emotion to move filmgoers .
The overwrought performances by Farrell and Hayek , in a no-holds-barred duel of eyebrows , turn this heat-drenched drama into unintentional comedy .
Widely known as a script doctor , Towne could have used one himself in bringing Fante 's story to the screen .
Utterly forgettable .
The film is an overwrought mess that you 'd almost swear was a parody if you did n't know better .
Fante 's novel comes to the screen as if dipped in butterscotch : Its abrasive surface has been coated with a golden , sticky glow .
You get to see Hayek naked , and Ask The Dust still does n't seem worth the price of admission !
Ask the Dust is one of the most eagerly awaited cinematic projects of 2006 , which may be why it lands with such a curious thud .
So hazy and uncertain , it 's more musty curio than must-see ... Farrell could n't play introspective if he were doing the role on a psychiatrist 's couch .
The details add up to a story , but it 's not cohesive and fluid enough to be engaging . How are we supposed to love the characters when we never understand their behavior ?
Difficult to swallow are the heavy-handed narrative developments that dominate the film 's second half .
Stay clear of movies -LSB- like this one -RSB- that are cast more for star power than for matches with the characters .
Eventually , I was on the edge of my seat ... wondering what kind of wrong choice Towne could possibly make next .
This is not a movie for the masses . It is , however , a small film about real life hardships and their tragic consequences .
Robert Towne has some terrific films to his credit , including the classic `` Chinatown '' and later `` The Firm '' -- `` Ask the Dust '' is not one of them .
-LSB- A -RSB- sexy , sensual , romantic , nostalgic adaptation of the novel ...
Ask the Dust requires an audience with a special love for film noir , with a feeling for the loneliness and misery of the writer , and with an understanding that any woman he meets will be beautiful .
Whether or not you 're familiar with John Fante , if you like novels , you 'll like Ask the Dust .
... not for all tastes but far from flavorless .
... after an hour or so , Ask the Dust seems to have said everything , and the air starts to seep out of its hermetic atmosphere .
The fact is , there 's something sadly lifeless about Ask the Dust .
As a film , Ask the Dust is uneven ; as a labor of love , it 's a beauty .
Farrell is n't living up to his hype . He 's inheriting the mantle from Andy Garcia as the world 's oldest promising newcomer .
Miscast , constricted , loose in tone and meandering in intent , it has far fewer moments of inspiration than unintended laughter .
Fante would never approve , governed as he was by a crushing fear of phoniness .
Just a mess .
It is to the credit of Towne and his cast ... that Ask the Dust is able to convey Fante 's passion without making it seem affected .
What gives Ask the Dust its quiet vitality -- beyond Farrell 's muscular yet delicate portrayal -- is the fear of failing to grasp the brass ring that appears through much of the movie .
If only writing in real life could be as romantic as it often is in the movies .
Towne gets L.A. -LRB- that strange combination of wide-open spaces and close-quarter moral rot -RRB- like nobody else . Still , there 's a persisting dreariness at the film 's center .
What 's surprising about the new film 's vapid emptiness is that Towne also wrote the screenplay . And the writing is the film 's central problem .
It is n't until the very end that somebody finally does ask the dust a question , and there 's so much talking in this movie that it 's a miracle the dust does n't reply .
Towne and cinematographer Caleb Deschanel beautifully capture Fante 's city of the dispossessed , where the seasons never change .
Their -LRB- Colin Farrell & Salma Hayek 's -RRB- tempestuous relationship teaches the young writer life-changing lessons about love and loss .
With its sunset colors and haunting music , Ask the Dust is very beautiful . And very empty .
The film outstays its welcome and winds up with an unsatisfying thunk .
As arid as its title ... not only woefully old-fashioned but emotionally opaque , with characters that never come to life and told at a plodding pace .
Farrell pulls off here what is unfortunately all too rare in film acting : he understands the character he 's playing better than the character himself , and he uses that knowledge to spin a bit of movie magic .
It 's a strange , off-beat story .
Generates all the heat of a snow cone .
A minimalist melodrama that 's badly frayed at the seams and threatening to unravel .
The acting is good , and Ferril and Menzel give really good performances , while the rest , especially Cruz , seem to be mostly sleepwalking through the film .
Serves as an elegy for both the city that has long informed Towne 's best work as well as his career as a writer .
Maybe on the page the lean story had some life , but on film the thing is D.O.A. .
The hard-boiled prose is translated into a schmaltzy movie with too much sap and not enough grit .
Watching it is like being in a restaurant where the waiter brings out a luscious platter of food , then keeps walking right past you . All night long .
Atmospheric but awkward drama .
The movie 's mood can carry it only so far and ca n't overcome a listless pace , jumpy narrative and the miscasting of Colin Farrell as the male half of its culture-colliding romance .
While the dialogue and careful pacing befits the original novel , the film sometimes drags because of it .
The film is not only an evocation of a bygone era but an emanation of it as well .
Despite acute period detail and gorgeous desert cinematography by Caleb Deschanel from a South African locale , real life does n't always shape up into a tightly structured script .
It takes more than just having a beautiful couple to make a great movie -LRB- or even a good movie -RRB- .
The film shows exactly the kind of cinematic craftsmanship you might expect from this kind of passion project , but also an occasional flatness
Despite its flaws , this story of love and self-discovery is still more smart , stylish , and sexy than the usual fare .
Towne has not given us the great American love story , but he has presented us with a captivating view of 1933 Los Angeles and a tale of romance that involves us in the plight of the characters .
A stylistic triumph , one whose story and character shortcomings are overcompensated with lush visuals , a haunting score and a trio of strong performances
gravely calls into question Towne 's current abilities as both a screenwriter and director .
Anytime Farrell and Hayek decide to play up their sexuality , that 's cause to dance in the streets
Whereas good noir dialogue has a biting , sardonic edge , here the self-conscious literary-ness falls flat and foolish .
While the movie evokes the period well , thanks mostly to the stellar cinematography of Caleb Deschanel , it is a flawed and leaden adaptation of John Fante 's seminal novel .
Towne ... has turned Fante 's glorious howl into a requiem for a city and those who escape its gilded clutches .
A film of great beauty with unfulfilled promise -- a disappointment , but with much to recommend and be glad about .
Farrell and Hayek seem too luminous for their downbeat surroundings . But they persuasively work through their characters ' knotty emotional threads .
If the end result is n't quite a great movie , it 's indisputably a reverential one ,
The film , which is literary to a fault , includes an earthquake , but if the earth moves at all , thank Hayek , who gives the tale a smoldering life that finally lifts it from the page .
Despite fine performances and occasional moments of fascinating visual beauty , Ask the Dust is long , lazy , plotless , formless , overwrought , hysterical , unconvincing and very , very boring .
Fueled by shame and prejudice , the doomed relationship of these two proud self-haters is more drunken knife fight than transcendent love affair .
It 's lifeless kitsch .
Towne draws out the era 's rampant poverty and ethnic divisions through a story that plays to his strengths as a writer and a romantic
In trying to revisit L.A. once more , the 71-year-old Towne fails to bring to life a more arcane slice of his beloved Chinatown and Heaven Can Wait burg .
As stale , deluded , and sad as the cot in an old man 's flophouse cubicle .
If you can believe that a character with Colin Farrell 's good looks has no experience with women until he meets Salma Hayek , you can have a reasonably fun time with this melodramatic and stylized pic .
How long can one man piggyback on the success of Chinatown ? The beat goes on ...
Though featuring Colin Farrell and Salma Hayek at their most appealing , purists will consider Robert Towne 's bizarre film a romantic melodrama rather than real noir .
Hayek is in full blossom as Camilla .
Towne ... inexplicably softens the story 's noir edge , lapsing into melodrama and hammering at his themes instead of delving deeper into his characters .



@highlight

Though Hayek is luminous , Farrell seems miscast , and the film fails to capture the gritty , lively edginess of the book upon which it 's based .