Pleasant little comedy with some good performances .
Will it all turn out ? What do you think ? Part of the fun is in watching how , although one 's enjoyment of the movie will depend on many factors . Comedy , of course , is a very subjective medium ; what some find hilarious , others wo n't . At the screening I atte
... the comedy is too timid to really make much of a satirical statement .
a stiff would-be comedy filled with talented stars and very few laughs .
Entertaining on all three levels : as Jewish comedy , as Jewish satire and as universal comedy
... benefits greatly from the mere presence of Jeremy Piven ...
A long slog of family cliché and idiotic coming-of-age yuks thrown at us with the subtlety of a naked Garry Marshall .
Although there is nothing offensive about the film , there is nothing particularly amusing or enlightening about it , either .
Aside from the first 15 minutes and the last five or so , the film just is n't very funny .
Keeping Up With the Steins is n't a bad film -- it just devolves into the limp sort of schmaltzy conclusion you keep hoping it will avoid .
... you do n't have to be Jewish to have fun with Keeping Up With the Steins , but it could n't hurt .
A toothless commentary on suburban jealousy , with familial strain mixed in at random .
Squanders a premise that 's filled with comic gold by playing it too safe .
a sometimes charming , completely predictable comedy that might be the pilot episode for a TV series you will forget to watch every week .
Hollywood nepotism is served up with the gefilte fish in a stunningly unfunny bar mitzvah comedy .
The life lessons tossed around like seeds are n't especially original , earthshaking or inspiring .
Think of this benign , not-so-kosher cultural comedy as `` My Big Fat Jewish Bar Mitzvah . ''
Excellent casting lifts this sitcomlike script .
It 's not meant to be uproarious . But even as comfort food , Steins ca n't keep up .
Offering wan comedy where it should bite and trite homilies in lieu of real emotion , it 's a tired , dated and forgettable film about which the best that can be said is it could have been worse .
Like the tacky and extravagant themed bar mitzvahs it spoofs , Keeping Up With the Steins is n't very subtle . It is n't particularly funny , either .
By the time the Fiedlers are getting serious about their arguments and their hugs , we 've grown to like them .
Oy vey ! How many Jewish sitcom clichés can you fit into one movie ?
` Why do n't you just flush the money down the toilet ? ' asks one character . The same might be asked of the people who produced this bomb .
Exactly like `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding , '' only without the Greeks or the sense of humor .
A cute and worthy idea that could 've used better execution .
Scott Marshall has managed to make a film as bad as one of his dad 's .
A winningly sincere and warmly humorous film about an ancient Jewish milestone in the time of Martha Stewart .
... the director treats this movie much in the same way he treats the religion -- an endless series of blindly-adhered liturgies , the deeper history and meaning of which is never fully contemplated .
There are no laughs in Keeping Up with The Steins , which is problematic , since it appears to think it 's a comedy .
Marshall 's directorial debut neatly balances reverence , farce , and family values .
It 's not the kind of comedy that makes you laugh till your face hurts , but it 'll give your smile muscles a good workout .
Not as funny as it could have been , but close enough .
Occasionally cute , the film is far better when satirizing competitive parents than it is during the dysfunctional family moments .
Peopled as it is with stereotypes , it 's easy to see the script the way Rose sees Irwin : ` Is that you , under all that oldness ? '
Had Scott Marshall and screenwriter Mark Zakarin honed their knives sharper , they could have made genuine mirth out of this .
The tribute to an aging parent is moving and gives this routine comedy an extra something .
There are minutes -- long , stretched minutes -- when you might easily think : Enough already .
Not a total loss , but it 's disappointing , given what the movie might have been . It might have been more than a lengthy sitcom .
Shooting a comedy , like telling a joke , demands a sense of rhythm , and Scott is no dancer -- he keeps tripping against the grain of the humour .
The specificity of the indulged lives in this film is delivered so ineptly that it seems as if rich kids have been shooting home movies in their own back yards . Which may be the case .
We get the distinct feeling this film has been made by people who do n't really want to offend their friends , who would rather spend a million dollars impressing others as opposed to throwing it away on hunger relief or American education .
Director Scott Marshall , Garry 's son , and screenwriter Mark Zakarin have their hearts in the right place -- steering clear of Jewish stereotypes and showing the uneasy father-son bonds -- but put their minds on auto-pilot .
Warm , witty , and sitcom-obvious -- a genuine audience pleaser that 's built to wring laughs of pained recognition from anyone who has survived a bar mitzvah as either a participant or an observer .
Like a really good sale at Lieberman 's , this has some lovely , unexpected surprises .
Pretty much insufferable ... bar mitzvah or not , it 's still awfully juvenile .
Comes off like a collection of TV actors doing somebody a favor .
An adept cast that resists stereotyping keeps the plot humming .
-LSB- Zakarin -RSB- keeps things clearly flat and primary , and the characters never become more than stereotype .
There 's not much new here , but the engaging cast ... keeps the formula reasonably fresh .
Fatally short on laughs . The jokes are mostly bad vaudeville , as when Piven asks , `` How much for 50 Cent ? Okay , how about 17 Cent ? ''
... we have a lot of stereotypes , but they 're not done in a mean-spirited way .
Expect the usual corny jokes and stereotypical characters .
Blends humor with heart for a satisfying , if predictable , experience .
If its ribbing lacks teeth , it 's also 100 percent free of spite and snooty meanness .
It ends up feeling as stale as week-old bagels and lox .
Despite problems of tone and tempo , Steins is appealingly cast .
Turns out to be less than we 'd hoped , and certainly different -- quieter , smaller , less bombastic but also less funny than we anticipated .
A barrage of bad jokes , offensive stereotypes and dated reference points , the movie is like Meet the Fockers on overdrive .
A sitcom with enough big laughs and emotional truth to get audiences past awkward pacing and some slow spots .
The cast is uniformly charming , while the script both promotes family values and tweaks stereotypes in the gentlest ways .
Director Scott Marshall and screenwriter Mark Zakarin pander to Jewish viewers the way Andy Garcia 's The Lost City panders to Cuban Americans .
A fresh and lovable comedy about a dysfunctional Jewish family planning their son 's bar mitzvah .
It is not particularly funny , which it very much wishes to be , and is even unintentionally campy on occasion .
If one were to compile a list of pop culture references that were barely funny three years ago , there would be a near-exact match with the gags tossed off here .
What begins as a scathing but loving satire of materialism loses its way once it turns into a warmhearted after-school special ...
This is a good insight into the Jewish mind , whatever the heck that is .
The uneven humor , relying too heavily on stereotypes , leaves a distinctively sitcomy aftertaste .
> Keeping Up With the Steins is My Big Fat Jewish Rite of Passage ... The best Jewish comedy since Annie Hall .
Keeping Up With the Steins begins as a growling , razor-toothed satire of carnivorous consumption in Hollywood . But after the first half-hour , those growls subside into whimpers .
Well intentioned but sloppily rendered , and unlikely to satisfy anyone but a very narrow section of the marketplace .
A movie full of contrivance and confection .
As director , Scott Marshall displays an unsurprising flair for selling a joke , but also a fine sense of dramatic pacing and , even better , a gift for brevity , neither of which , it could be argued , are innate skills of his famous filmmaking family .
While Marshall opted to pass up something dry and acidic in favor of a big bottle of Manischewitz , his movie is not without its pleasant charms , thanks to an energetic cast that manages to keep up with Marshall 's highly amusing dad , Garry .
A tweener in every respect : It has n't the nerve to offend anyone , yet it has n't the flavor of warm-hearted comfort food .
A pleasant coming-of-age story is too often brushed aside for goofy shtick involving grandpa and his younger , hippie girlfriend .
Scene-stealing by Gary Marshall and Jeremy Piven does little to salvage a weak , corny satire of the bar-mitzvah ritual .
Keeping Up With the Steins turns into a recipe to forget : chopped liver with ` heart . '
A sure-fire audience-pleaser .




@highlight

Keeping Up With the Steins is one of those comedies that play more like a corny sitcom than a theatrical movie .