Dolan 's latest feature , the French language Laurence Anyways , proves this is a filmmaker able to breathe cinematic invention and beauty into every frame .
A stylish and immodest transgender melodrama .
Too much music . Too much colour . Too much movie . But a good movie .
Suzanne Clement gives one of those legendary , no-holds-barred performances that announces the arrival of a sensational new screen presence .
... a symphony of sound and image , an epic account of a dynamic and complicated relationship , and one of the most powerful and affecting love stories I 've seen on film in quite some time .
Drenching melodrama , reckless , ravishing . Dolan 's style , to some , may seem overheated , flamboyant , baroque , immature , indulgent , extravagant , but it is what it is and what it is , at his keenest moments , is fabulous .
It 's bold , brash , and frequently successful , but also repetitive and ultimately arduous . There simply is n't enough story here to justify the inflated running time and , for many , Laurence Anyways will wear out its welcome .
It 's far longer than it needs to be . But it 's still an absorbing chronicle of a romance in which one partner happens to be transsexual .
`` Laurence Anyways '' is a formidable display of French Canadian director Xavier Dolan 's prodigious talents , but also a case study of a young talent still finding his way to greatness.He 'll get there one day , soon , but this film does n't quite do it .
For every sublime moment the movie has to offer , there 's a cinematic dead zone of indulgence that wipes it away , generating a frustrating , occasionally intolerable sit .
Lushly romantic and daringly original .
Rarely have such issues been explored on screen with such intimacy and complexity , even if some of the quirky details in Dolan 's epic feels more unfocused than profound .
It 's all too much , really , including its 21/2-hour-plus running time . But it 's also engrossing , an ultimately tender story of a transsexual 's transformation over 10 years and its effect on him and the people around him .
Laurence Anyways has the feel of a personal project that got away from Dolan , full of raw , rough-edged drama in desperate need of discipline and refinement .
One ca n't help but feel that Dolan & Co. go into a bit too much detail re : the changes faced by Laurence ... Nonetheless , there has not been as exhaustive -LRB- exhausting ? -RRB- a look into the Trans -LRB- gender -RRB- experience before .
It evidences a hoarder 's bond to moments of extravagantly photographed feeling -- no matter that it 's often the same feelings being communicated , over and over .
At nearly three hours , it 's by turns an extraordinary and exhausting work .
Poupaud 's quiet moments convey a lofty , poignant introspection , and Clément erupts with grand , if scattershot , furies .
Laurence Anyways , Xavier Dolan 's third film , acknowledges the messiness of transgendered life , and the sizeable gaps between tolerance , acceptance , and actually going to bed with someone .
Dolan , now on his third film , is confident . He takes his time . The movie is long enough and covers a great enough time span that the word `` epic '' will be thrown at it .
This frequently brilliant epic does more than make us understand the challenges faced by trans people and those who love them - it makes us feel those challenges ourselves .
At nearly three hours , it 's entirely too long , needlessly padded out with an intrusive interview-framing device .
-LSB- Mr. Dolan -RSB- perfectly evokes the violating effect of a stranger 's scrutiny and the imponderable depths of a lover 's gaze .
Laurence Anyways contains a voice so pronounced , and so specific , that Dolan is going to be one to watch for years to come .
For all of its transgender drama , `` Laurence Anyways '' remains a love story , pure but not so simple .
Without belittling the challenges and prejudices Laurence faces , Dolan places her story into larger contexts , posing questions about conformity , heartbreak , love and self-fulfillment .
Xavier Dolan 's refreshing and extraordinary achievement here is fiercely telling a grand tale with the most universal of themes -LRB- love -RRB- , and carefully exempting it from victimization while not avoiding the social issues that surround it .
A nearly three-hour epic , a melodrama writ large , and blessed with a young man 's ambition .
Forgive this film its marvelous moodiness-someone needs to go there once in a while .
Both deeply refreshing and important .
Fully immodest and intermittently astonishing .
-LSB- It -RSB- zeroes in on the impact of transgender on a relationship , and tries to understand what makes two people stay together or fall apart .
It takes cojones for a filmmaker to chase Fassbinder 's ghost , but it takes heart and talent to damn near catch up with it .
There are frequent moments of genius where you are rendered blissfully immobile by the onscreen carryings-on ; uncountable witticisms you wish you yourself had dashed off ; and unbridled passions that hit the heavens and then bounce back harrowingly .
The performances by Melvil Poupaud and Suzanne Clément as the struggling lovers are unforgettable .
Dealing with transgender and amour fou , the third feature from Canada 's enfant terrible Xavier Dolan is ambitious but way ovrlong and self-indulgent .
This big , dreamy , audacious picture has larger questions about relationships and identity . Can anyone be true to his or her inner self in the context of romantic love ?
Poupaud and especially Clément 's unaffected performances anchor the overlong film ...
A ridiculously overlong and self-consciously ` arty ' mishmash of baroque cartoonishness and moments that , to all outward appearances , are determined to be parodies of pretentious filmmaking .
After I Killed My Mother and Heartbeats , 23-year-old filmmaker Dolan gets even more ambitious with this epic-length romantic drama .
Director Xavier Dolan is fast cementing himself as a writer-director willing to take risks . It might well result in a film that boasts many imperfections , but it 's commendable nevertheless .
Poupaud and Clement recite and smirk and shout the lines at each other , without ever seeming genuinely to care about the issues or the people .
Dolan seals the deal . But only just .
It 's quite good - vibrantly visualised , emotionally risky , and buoyed up by the soundtrack of the year . It 's just too much like an overlong catwalk show .
A 160-minute romp through the 1990s and the life of a cross-dressing teacher -LRB- Poupaud -RRB- and his lover -LRB- Clément -RRB- .
Dolan never flinches across this bold , brassy piece ; it 's confidently directed , stylishly shot , passionately acted and evocatively scored .
A grand story that breaks down the love between two people to its purest form as a matter of the heart beyond the physical that 's delicately handled
It 's hard to imagine that the prodigiously gifted Dolan is still in his early twenties . This is another work of marvellous maturity and assurance .
It is mannered , pretentious and ragged and yet it is beautifully crafted ...
Ultimately , viewers will be forced to consider whether the film 's sparse narrative rewards are worth the 168-minute investment . For most , I imagine the answer is no .
A well-acted drama about two anguished lovers struggling with their own flaws and an unjust society .
The story just does n't have the heft that its 161-minute running time implies . It 's about an hour longer than the story requires , even for one that spans decades .
Dolan still does attractive young people walking in slow-motion to electropop better than anyone else .
Wildly ambitious both in form and in the ideas about gender , identity , society , and love that it digs into with infectious gusto .
Alternately absorbing and grating , with the former ultimately winning out .
It 's not his underdeveloped narrative that swells `` Laurence Anyways '' to such an unwelcome length , but the young director 's apparent inability to throw out any one of his exquisite shots . Kill your darlings , Master Dolan , and then hang them on the wall .
If anything , it 's a bold manifesto aimed at critics like me who have slagged the filmmaker off as all style and no substance .
It 's just too damn much , frankly .
An infuriating mix of shattered expectations and self-important artistic masturbation , with the successful elements cruelly washed away in a torrent of ill-conceived artifice .
A sumptuously orchestrated love story about a transsexual man 's decade-long struggle to maintain a passionate romance with his female soulmate in the face of creeping hostility from friends , family and society .

@highlight

Passionate and powerfully acted , Laurence Anyways sometimes strains to achieve its narrative ambitions -LRB- and fill its three-hour running time -RRB- , but ultimately succeeds .