Manages to deliver a decent film with some strong scares , yet certain moments will feel like a haunted trip you 've already taken one too many times before .
Insidious : Chapter 3 deals with the tragedy of lost loved ones and finding the strength to move on , but does so with a cast of likable characters all defined by good performances
Save for a few `` boo '' moments , it is hardly unnerving . I yawned midway through the film . For a horror flick , that 's not a good thing at all .
A big ol' sack of dull .
Insidious : Chapter 3 may be a slight improvement over the previous sequel , but with its continued over-reliance on jump scares and a basic , repetitive plot , it merely becomes another chapter that will leave horror fans unsatisfied .
With the complement of a supremely likable cast and heaps of effective jump scares , the chiller ably matches up to its underrated predecessors .
It never really adds up to much in the end , leaving this chapter of the ghost-loving series with and a mediocre conclusion .
This movie is unnecessarily sadistic . ... The story would have been just as effective without -LSB- some of its -RSB- scenes of violence , which verge on exploitation .
Whannell offsets the supernatural mayhem with a palatable dose of regular life .
The blaring , nerve-jangling violin jamboree that accompanies the assaulting opening titles tells you all you really need to know .
As middling , somewhat serviceable horror fare , it delivers its own share of jump scares , but whatever visceral effect it might have had wears off the instant the credits begin to roll .
Elise is the chance for these movies to be different , to change up conventions or refresh the franchise . Instead , she 's dropped into the same old business .
It 's better than chapter two and while it wo n't have you sleeping with the light on , it 's a solid nerve jangler .
This is watchably silly stuff , and yet as the third part of what should be a tired and dragged-out series , it actually works pretty well , with a few moderate scares and a nice sense of in-jokey humour .
Fans will be happy to see their favourite ghouls pop up ; it does n't really matter that they do n't actually do anything this time around .
It does n't help that the acting and writing is often clunky , making it that much harder to suspend disbelief in a genre that insists on doing just that .
Fueled by a sense of pacing and stylistic orchestration that allows the scares to build naturally in the shadows , and not on a level that hammers us with endless peripheral nonsense .
With these rich characters and this level of awareness , the stage is set for what ought to be a great film , but sadly Insidious : Chapter 3 amounts to less than the sum of its parts .
If only all horror series were as complete as `` Insidious '' is .
This is fairly generic , predictable stuff .
Straight from the jump-out-of-the-shadows-and-yell-boo school of fright flicks comes this neat , highly effective little haunted house number from Australian director Leigh Whannell .
Whannell does a creditable job with the film . He 's not as bold as Wan about mounting a sequence , but he 's no slouch about the psychology of screen horror .
The film is high on ominousness , especially those dark atmospherics when Elise slips into the ` Further ' , a place fraught with danger .
A very entertaining take by director Leigh Whanell , who mixes classic horror with hints of comedy . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The characters are sometimes too fearless and too stoic , so the movie feels boring and slow . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
There are n't any new ideas or much of anything this sequel brings to the franchise . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
It does n't really offer anything new . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's hard to tell if there 's anywhere left for this series to go , but at least they pulled off Chapter 3 with some class .
... it 's just as clear that the lack of horrific happenings within the movie 's first half is sure to test the patience of certain viewers .
Instead of wrapping up a trilogy , writer-turned-director Leigh Whannell launches a new horror franchise with a movie that 's scary even if it 's not particularly original .
while -LSB- it -RSB- does not try to fix a formula that is n't broken ... it alludes to its narrative future in a far less inventive way than Insidious 2 wrapped itself into its past , and ties up too many threads that were never loose in the first place .
Insidious : Chapter 3 will not win awards for originality , but , like old horror movies , it fulfills its creepy task with nobility . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The performances are solid without being transcendental , while the photography is at the same level as the previous films . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
A good sequel for fans of the saga , but it may not be enough for new viewers or more demanding audiences . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Get some fresh ideas or let this series die .
It wo n't convert any scary movie detractors , but should serve up enough creeps to satisfy it 's fanbase .
Those images lack emotional impact when they 're used to deck out a plot of dinner-theater flimsiness .
Whannell 's no Wan but he 's familiar enough with the house style to effectively capitalise on all the horror clichés packed into his script .
The terror that will truly stick with me is Dermot Mulroney 's `` How-did-I-get-here ? '' performance as the girl 's father .
For a genre all-too-often relegated to the direct-to-video market , a fan ca n't help but hope that the big theatrical release treatment will yield a better and more original entry than Insidious : Chapter 3 .
The quiet stretches actually serve their purpose here , creating a sense of intimacy with the characters as opposed to simply marking time between the shocks .
Insidious : Chapter 3 is unlikely to win over new fans to the franchise . It 's a slow , jump-scare-ridden film with lazy callbacks to the far superior originals , lacking their visual flair and plot intricacies .
It 's mostly a waiting game for the next inevitable spook to go bump in the night .
Tepid ghost story Insidious : Chapter 3 tries and fails to emphasize character-driven drama over cheap , jump-scare-intensive thrills .
I hope the story does n't end here .
Manages to overcome the triple threat of a new director , being a prequel , and being the third film in a series . This really is a pretty terrific addition .
-LSB- One of an -RSB- unlikely duo of films in which folks way beyond their teens fight hauntings -LSB- which -RSB- injects a bit of the unexpected into a genre now tediously predictable .
Horror comfort food , through and through , challenging no expectations and only just living up to those expectations one would be sane to bring into the theater .
What is most frustrating about this franchise is that the films are just competent enough to escape the fun-filled glades of Schlock Valley .
` Insidious : Chapter 3 ' is stylistically unremarkable , boring and does n't add very many satisfying layers to the characters or mythology .
As before , it 's a shameless mash-up of Poltergeist , Amityville etc , with added cattle-prod jumps .
Scary enough to teach me that I can scream louder than my wife !
Like the two films that came before it , Insidious : Chapter 3 slightly intrigues , but is mostly more of the same . The repetitive use of the jump scare formula is like a broken record stuck in a loop .
Insidious : Chapter 3 continues to sneakily seep into our peripheries , creating another flawed but solid horror film .
Fortunately , -LSB- Whannell -RSB- takes several cues from directing predecessor James Wan , focusing on character interactions , well-defined space , and intriguing use of rhythm and timing , as well as a spooky musical score .
By twisting the gotcha-scare geometry just off-kilter enough to goose you , carefully considering the psychology of paranormal belief , and giving Lin Shaye room to play with a lead role , this prequel unexpectedly proves the best of this series ' bunch .
Alongside its occasional campy humor , it will give you enough images to lose sleep over .
The new Insidious : Chapter 3 is hardly required viewing if you 've already seen the first one .
A streamlined story and menacing villain make-up for Insidious : Chapter 3 's imperfections - an eerie , albeit forgettable , horror movie .
Low rent , hardly a movie . Why pay to have someone shout Boo ! in your face .
You sort of want to give the movie a pass . But given its distinguished forebears , Insidious : Chapter 3 does n't quite live up to expectations .
They say the third time 's the charm . Not with the Insidious series , it is n't .
You need more than a few sudden noises and scary shocks to make a good horror movie . But `` Insidious : Chapter Three '' is at least an OK horror movie .
I leapt out of my seat and grabbed the arm of the critic sitting next to me so often -LRB- and he did the same , although he shall remain nameless -RRB- that you 'd think we 'd never seen a horror movie before .
Lin Shaye is great as always , but this franchise is starting to wear thin .
As far as third entries in horror franchises go , Insidious : Chapter 3 is quite impressive .
The result is a warm-hearted frightening , about love and loss and , yes , next chapters .
Satisfyingly scary and occasionally genuinely disturbing , this is the perfect recipe for sleepless nights .
Whannell plays it safe until the film falls asleep .
a solid stand-alone experience
It stands well on its own as a jumpy spookfest .
Simply showing a spirit hiding behind a curtain-and then gone from the screen-isn ' t an achievement to brag about when there are more inventive , effective ways to keep your audience in fear .
Given the ingenuity with which the director Leigh Whannell orchestrates the stunts , it is a pity the plotting is so creaky .
It 's functional but pretty unremarkable as far as horror movies go , but provides Lin Shaye the opportunity to deliver a terrific , movie-hogging supporting performance .
The jump scares are there , and one or two nifty visuals , but not much else .
If you like your horror films in the form of having things jump out at characters or the camera , you could do worse than this offering . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
Mr. Whannell wisely retains the series ' secret weapon , Ms. Shaye , a seasoned performer of range , moxie and limitless charm .
A prequel story that puts the spotlight squarely on its leading lady and aims to be more heartfelt than horrifying .
`` Insidious : Chapter 3 '' is almost more a spoof of a classic like `` The Exorcist '' than it is an homage . It 's not scary horror , it 's silly horror , and the audience is in on the joke .
Punctuated by intermittent , bogus jump-scares , the plot thickens into opacity .
Shaye brings warmth and depth to Elise , adding some humanity to the usual haunted-house terror .
More carefully constructed than most series ' third chapters .
Writer-directors Wan and Whannell are best known for their grisly Saw movies , but they seem to prefer the classic lines of old-school horror .
In our mainstream horror landscape 's glut of sequels , remakes , and cash-ins , you could do a lot worse than Insidious : Chapter 3 .
Chapter 3 does n't add enough to the big picture , and overall feels misguided .
This prequel to the shriek hell , directed and scripted by series writer/actor Leigh Whannell , manages to avoid the Curse of the Triple Cash Grab .
Where Insidious : Chapter 3 stumbles -- and it 's a big deal -- is that the individual scenes and the whole of the movie never pay off in a satisfactory way
A fun and chilling creep show that is more concerned with scares than being gross .
The `` Insidious '' franchise , after three attempts to exorcise its real demons , still ca n't seem to shake what really haunts it : the ghost of B-movies past .
`` Insidious : Chapter 3 '' is simply not scary . Not a bit , not a whit . Except that the audience will be terrified of the next stabbing of their eardrums , at generally predictable intervals .
Genuinely spooky ghost story continues to favor atmosphere over gross-out shocks .
Chapter 3 will no doubt resonate with Insidious fans who have been wanting to know how it all began . For myself , when it comes to prologues , I 'm still holding out for the backstory on Jaws and the long-rumoured Keyser Söze : The Early Years .
It covers all the bases and is scary and suspenseful in the process .
Its pleasures are familiar and its frightening bits less frightening than before , but it still does right by a series that 's served as proof that , in horror , less can be more .
Insidious Chapter 3 is the worst kind of sequel : Not terrible , but also cartoonishly unnecessary .
Insidious Chapter 3 does a great job of putting to one side the complicated haunting of the Lambert family and focussing on its weird mythology and entertaining supporting characters .
What a disappointment this is . Especially coming after Chapters 1 and 2 , which both delivered the frights with a slow burn mixed with ingenuity and style .
Once again combining a sense of genuine dread with a mischievous vein of humour , Insidious Chapter 3 successfully closes the trilogy with its beginning .
It manages the all-important jump scares with the finesse of a skilled stage illusionist , but it 's the surprisingly sincere emotional core that makes it the pick of the series .
Do n't expect any spills or chills : this is more insipid than insidious .
Insidious : Chapter 3 might lack the unique charm of both its predecessors , but it 's still a scary-fun thrill ride that delivers some serious , blood-pressure-raising tension .
Surprisingly thematically rich for the third installment of a horror franchise .
This trip to the Further is sorely lacking in the ominous atmosphere that Wan so effortlessly created .
The `` Insidious '' series kicked off with a terrifying bang in 2011 and since then has n't been able to match its heightened thrills and inventiveness . The law of diminishing returns regrettably continues with `` Insidious : Chapter 3 . ''
Insidious : Chapter 3 is a disappointingly prepackaged horror movie .
`` I was scared at least 10 times , '' I heard someone say upon leaving the theater . Not bad .
Chapter 3 in the Insidious franchise is an improvement on the second film but it 's nowhere near as polished as the original .
A haunted house horror sequel whose finale will make you cry ? Rare indeed .
-LSB- Lin Shaye -RSB- treats the story as though it was , if not Shakespeare , then something worth taking seriously .
A shambles ... a movie you might appreciate for its unwillingness to turn your stomach , but that wo n't raise many pleasurable goosebumps either .
Taking over from James Wan , Leigh Whannell directs with some confidence . As a directorial debut and horror film it also demonstrates a clear understanding of haunted house tropes .
A fresh premise and shrewd direction breathed new life into the Insidious franchise , delivering the most terrifying chapter yet .
If Insidious : Chapter 3 does n't have the same impact as the first two films , it 's only because Whannell does n't wave his arms to get our attention . It 's a more effective movie overall .
Insidious : Chapter 3 offers a relatable young protagonist and several key supporting players from the prior films in a nimble setup to the series .
Chief among things that go bump in the night in `` Insidious : Chapter 3 '' is the movie itself - a thuddingly dull prequel to James Wan 's very enjoyable -LRB- and highly profitable -RRB- demonic-possession horror franchise .
Pretty much what you 'd expect , from the shrieking musical riff under the main titles onward , but as a vehicle for veteran character actress Lin Shaye , it 's a blast .
In lieu of advancing a view of the dead 's dominion that does n't abide by the law of `` just becauses , '' Chapter 3 is often content to wink at the ways the first two films spooked audiences .

@highlight

Insidious : Chapter 3 is n't as terrifying as the original , although it boasts surprising thematic depth and is enlivened by another fine performance from Lin Shaye .