A dangerous border town as no country for old men or middle-aged sisters either .
Even the smallest of the many roles in the cast has some telling detail , and Olmos makes the most of a grumpy bear rousted from his hiding place .
John Sayles is too talented , too authentic and too original to make a flat-out bad movie , but he flirts with it in `` Go for Sisters . ''
Sayles ' original screenplay uses the broken criminal justice and immigration systems as a backdrop for its story , never pushing a political agenda at the expense of its human one .
Few other filmmakers could handle this material with such an even hand .
While this film is not up to LONE STAR , it is an involving if low-key thriller that uses the setting with its drug gangs and illegal emigration scams as palpably as a character .
It 's an intriguing work , one that is handled intelligently and with sensitive acting from the leads .
Both a perceptive human drama and old school crime mystery , Go for Sisters is a film with a lot to say and deserving of your utmost attention .
This buddy/road film builds tension with its missing person quest in a border-crossing underworld .
The strong characters and their fascinating relationships save the movie . The two women are both strong , smart and cynical .
Once Olmos joins the proceedings , `` Go For Sisters '' begins to resemble a banal prime-time cop show .
Reminds us that you can give characters guns and tense face-offs without creating brain-dead action trash .
Few male writer-directors have explored female characters more ardently than John Sayles -LRB- Passion Fish , Sunshine State , Casa de los Babys -RRB- , and this leisurely mystery features some of his best .
An absorbing picture with two exceptional performances from LisaGay Hamilton and Yolonda Ross , who bring sublime presence to an effort that often needs their conviction .
It 's a sharp character study with rare leading roles for not one but two African-American actresses .
For a good while , writer-director John Sayles tricks you into thinking Go for Sisters is a crime thriller . But the movie turns out to be something different .
What could have been a south-of-the-border thriller becomes a riskier , more daring emotional drama .
Lady Justice wears a blindfold , but her earthly emissaries have been known to sneak a peak now and then . Go for Sisters portrays these deviations from the straight and narrow and from the unfeeling ideal of justice with a delicate touch .
Go for Sisters is writer/director Sayles ' best film in a number of years , and since this icon of the American independent cinema can always be counted on to deliver maverick work , his latest alternative to the mainstream is welcome indeed .
It has the typical Sayles trademark -- a knack for character development in complex socioeconomic worlds that tend to be stereotyped by Hollywood .
-LSB- John Sayles -RSB- is known for the originality of his stories so `` Go for Sisters '' and its oft-told storyline is a bit of a disappointment .
It 's not one of the best efforts by the director of ` Lone Star . ' But if you can get past the ridiculous plot machinations and reams of expository dialogue , you 'll find an intriguing character study in the ` Lone Star ' mode .
Within a deeper story about relationships , Sayles takes a typically provocative approach to depicting social issues such as immigration and the justice system .
As this film 's modern-day Tiresias , a retired L.A. police detective with failing eyesight , Edward James Olmos is great .
Though fitfully entertaining , it lacks the conviction and urgency present in even the weakest of his quasi agit-prop productions .
An intelligent treatise on illegal immigration , second chances and how to write a damned good screenplay .
The first half hour , before the `` fun '' even begins , is sharp in a way Sayles films have n't been in ages .
The actors ' unforced chemistry defies the artifice . Olmos ' delectable hamminess and Hamilton 's unfussy performance convey volumes . Ross , guarded and resilient , is a revelation .
Only partway into the film do you find out what it 's really about , and by that point , you 're already hooked .
Always in search of the ways the personal and political fuse and clash , Sayles has crafted a challenge to the questionable line between official right and wrong . While touching on Freud , the women 's movement , race , class and the ruined lives of ex-cons .
In a film landscape where we 're not just asked but actually trained to confuse activity with drama and velocity with direction , you should go see Go for Sisters not because you owe it to Mr. Sayles but rather , really , because you owe it to yourself .
A smart , involving movie that effectively tackles real-world issues within the context of a well-plotted narrative .
The deeper the plot takes us into a criminal underworld , the more Sayles grasps at plot points and appears plain bored .
It 's a deftly scripted parade of low-key character studies ; just do n't expect too much from the plot , which feels like an afterthought .
There are n't many thrills here . The detective work is desultory , we 're told rather than shown many of the details , and the story both drags on and ends abruptly .
It 's warm , incisive but meandering and a bit lumpy at times . Your affection for it will probably depend on how much patience you have for films in that mode .
As long as `` Go for Sisters '' is focused on its characters , it remains on firm ground . But the flimsy detective story draped over them is underdeveloped and too sluggishly paced to take hold .
Though not without ideas or affecting moments , `` Go for Sisters '' ultimately does n't accomplish any of its different objectives well enough to hang together properly
With the help of Hamilton , Ross and Olmos , sublime actors who radiate grit and grace , Sayles has made Go for Sisters a movie that stays inside your head long after you see it . It 's a keeper .
The mechanical plotting fades into the background as the personal connections become increasingly compelling .
Overlong , style-less , and dramatically undercooked .
When the film 's second act begins to slide into predictability , there 's just enough of a foundation to carry the plot across the finish line .
Alas , such thematic threads are n't enough to prop up Sayles ' own drowsy drama , which ultimately stumbles -- and strands its leads in the process -- in trying to make the transition into thriller territory .
John Sayles drama about three marginal Americans who cross the border into Mexico to find a kidnapped African-American man .
Go For Sisters still does well what Sayles ' films have nearly always done well : It tells a story with enough accumulated detail that by the end , it feels like it 's really gotten somewhere .
Despite the class-conscious genre pleasures , independent cinema 's foremost Zinn master feels slightly off his game .
-LSB- The characters are -RSB- well written and performed , but too wearied by their lives to invest much of themselves in connecting with each other - or to us .
A dangerous border town as no country for old men or middle-aged sisters either .
However flawed , `` Go for Sisters '' is worth seeing for diehard John Sayles fans . Sadly , it is not likely to win over any new members to that knowing community of filmgoers .
LisaGay Hamilton and Yolonda Ross persuasively embody modern urban feminine strength , but they 're eventually stranded in a recycled road movie .
Has a remarkably strong ensemble even if it does fall a little flat in the storytelling department and features direction more typical for a TV series than a feature film .
Go for Sisters is a showcase for the best and worst of Sayles ' work taking a melodramatic plot and adding layers of character into it , using genre as platform to explore different cultures and the way they bounce off one another .

@highlight

Meandering and diffuse , Go for Sisters proves a letdown for all but the most ardent John Sayles enthusiasts .