Thoughtful , engaging World War II movie has battle violence .
Nicely detailed if slackly paced .
Director Ryan Little has mounted a remarkably effective production on what must have been a shoestring by Hollywood standards .
There are n't any plot surprises in this low-budget effort , so the success of the mission from a viewer standpoint depends on how well you connect with the characters and their plight .
Little makes good use of modest resources , but after a while , the film 's less-is-more aesthetic grows threadbare .
A worthy effort that 's entirely appropriate for mainstream audiences .
It 's no earthshaker , but the indie film is refreshingly different from the current movie norm , it 's won more than 15 awards on the festival circuit , and war-movie aficionados will find it well worth the journey to one of its four suburban venues .
It has the strengths and the clean lines of a traditional war movie , without high-tech special effects to pump up the noise level .
It 's the movie equivalent of singing ` Onward Christian Soldiers ' to those already in the choir .
A solid , good-looking effort that bends a bit too much toward war-film conventions .
valuable in its embrace of true Christian forgiveness
Though Saints and Soldiers ' examination of faith , self-sacrifice and morality is not groundbreaking , it always holds our interest .
A feel-good film about a small group of soldiers in WWII who are so saintly that they never curse .
` A gem of a movie with an unusually convincing reality base . We feel as if there 's no distance between us and the fighting men . And that lack of distance is the film 's point . '
It 's hard to get behind characters who feel like lazy archetypes .
In his feature film debut , Little uses washed-out color and a you-are-there immediacy to tell a powerful wartime tale of survival , morality and honor .
There 's little here to make this stand out in an already well-stuffed genre .
Blessed with a smart script and an excellent cast of unknowns , first time director Ryan Little , who also served as cinematographer , establishes himself as a major talent .
That the film seems willing to erect a simple religious parable on such a moral morass is bewildering .
War is heck in the clean-scrubbed world of Saints and Soldiers , the best low-budget , Mormon World War II epic you 'll see this year .
Well mounted , frequently gripping WWII tale of GIs surviving behind German lines during the Battle of the Bulge .
Little neatly ratchets up the suspense while throwing emotional spotlights on the inner struggles of each combatant trapped in this hostile , frozen wilderness riddled with German troops .
It spends too much time as a small war movie instead of a big-question movie .
The triumph here is a matter of craftsmanship rather than art , but it 's rare enough even on that level for a film to be worth celebrating .
Dubiously aspiring to be a Mormon variation on Saving Private Ryan , this dull , static war movie follows five Allied soldiers trapped behind enemy lines in the waning days of World War II .
The makers have served their mission well , and not as missionaries .
remarkably derivative
Finds a small story within the massive undertaking of World War II - and , miraculously , never shortchanges the human scale or the heroic scope .
... it 's the story that matters and `` Saints & Soldiers '' is a good one .
While it does delve into matters of faith under trying circumstances , it 's quite subtle about doing so , and it never pushes an agenda at the expense of the story or characters .
It is dramatic , in the most complimentary sense of that word . It engages the emotions and the senses subtly and expertly .
Warmed over Norman Mailer tales -- been there , done that .




@highlight

While it draws heavily on war movie conventions , Saints and Soldiers has strong performances and a compelling central plot .