As much as it wants to show how keeping it in your pants can be downright debilitating for some , Thanks for Sharing ultimately proves to be an unsatisfying , relentlessly depriving experience .
This well-acted dramedy is a ploddingly earnest look at addiction and recovery .
-LSB- W -RSB- hen addressing taboo topics , convention is our friend , and this film uses its well-worn genre as a comfortable space for discussion .
You get a very talented ensemble , but the material just is n't strong enough , leading to a lot of star power , but no staying power .
Writer/director Stuart Blumberg got me to care about the characters and their fate to a degree all too rare in medium-sized American dramas .
A likeable , well-meaning muddle of a movie , Thanks For Sharing takes the light road through the serious sex addiction of three New Yorkers .
Thanks for Sharing might best be described as being like Steve McQueen 's sex-addiction drama , Shame , if it were rewritten by Neil Simon at his most schmaltzy .
It 's frankly exhausting to keep up with these neurotic over-sharers , who are neither serious enough to care about nor humorous enough to laugh at .
This self-conscious oddity ca n't decide whether it wants to be an indie-earnest reappraisal of the rigours of chronic dependency , or a slightly racy romcom with a saucy topical edge .
Wildly inconsistent in tone , it is impossible to know whether the film aspires to comedy ; it 's certainly not funny .
An occasionally by turns dull , moving , funny , sobering and oddly explicit drama which feels a bit like Mike Leigh deflating Sex And The City .
Next week we shall be drawing parallels between compulsive telly watchers and members of the French Resistance . Ludicrous .
The result plays like a dramatized self-help book : useful if you 're in therapy but not much fun for the rest of us .
Thanks For Sharing did not leave me wanting more but less . And demanding a cinematic court order that comedy and drama live apart for a while , or at least until they can share the screen in harmony .
Thanks but no thanks .
Engaging , low-key and thoughtful comedy-drama with a sharply observed script and a trio of terrific performances from Ruffalo , Robbins and Gad .
Tonally the film is all over the rink , but it leaves you more convinced and entertained than you 'd expect .
Even if we 've never been to a 12-step meeting , an intelligent script and sharp performances help us see ourselves in these characters and situations .
At least most of the cast is appealing , with Mark Ruffalo , Gwyneth Paltrow , Josh Gad , and Alecia Moore -LRB- better known as pop singer Pink -RRB- delivering the uninspired dialogue with relative finesse .
Mature sex addiction dramedy has some highs , but also lows .
When Blumberg 's film heads into more melodramatic territory , and attempts to impart lessons about what it means to live and love , it feels - and apologies for the phrasing - masturbatory .
The film settles into a more predictable pattern in the second half , when each of its three stories plays out an inevitable conflict that causes their demons to manifest themselves in melodramatic ways before allowing for a chance at redemption .
It 's a romantic comedy about sex addiction but somehow it pulls off the premise . Director Stuart Blumberg takes some unlikely material for the genre and makes it work .
Be warned : viewers may experience a violent urge to shake the characters , one by one , and tell them to get a life .
While comedy is often the best way to challenge taboos , there needs to be real substance to the characters involved and instead , they come across like types .
The film belongs to Mark Ruffalo in many ways , the central figure whose addiction , failure and redemption takes us in and out of laughter , tears and introspection . Gwyneth Paltrow is fresh and fabulous as Phoebe
There are considerably different undertones in this Sex and the City addiction drama that makes us view life from a different angle , although the perfunctory nature of the exposition flashes an orange light
The film never became more than an actor showcase , the story seemed too dramatic to be believeable and let down what otherwise is an interesting and sobering reminder of the power of addiction .
A stellar cast lifts `` Thanks for Sharing '' into an enjoyable and emotional journey .
It 's a low-key gem that deserves awards-season attention .
Predictably unsatisfying and so banal that it 's a total turnoff .
A warm , funny and poignant portrait of a misunderstood affliction , even as it glosses over the uglier bits .
After the bleak brilliance of ` Shame , ' this is an almost sunny look at sexual addiction . Almost .
Makes pretty much all the right moves while walking a delicate tightrope between deadly-serious dramatic scenes and some guffaw-inducing comedic moments . One of the most mature and illuminating movies of this or any year .
An uneven , somewhat out-of-time dramedy , the film takes great pains to confirm that sex addiction is just like any other addiction , but is n't sure what to say beyond that .
... this is a realistic film of words and emotions , the type in this day and age of special effects and idiotic cartoon characters , one generally only finds in art houses specializing in foreign films .
The good elements outweigh the bad in Thanks for Sharing and the final result is a commendable examination of addiction , sex and the nature of grown-up relationships .
Awkwardly shifting between drama and humor , this therapy sitcom is schematically plotted , hitting all its dramatic mile markers at just the right moment , rendering everything neat and predictable .
Thanks for Sharing is never quite crazy or funny enough to transcend its `` disease-of-month '' template .
The good news is that this cast - including Pink aka Alecia Moore , in her first serious movie part - bring pulsating , organic life to their every moment .
First-time director Blumberg does a fine job and makes some brave choices .
12-Step self-indulgent soap opera . Pass .
This feel-good look at a condition many refuse to acknowledge as a disease skips the self-pity and gets right to the heart of the issue : namely , the very real problems sex addicts have in creating interpersonal relationships .
Despite making sex addiction its topic , Thanks for Sharing is n't interested in exploring those idiosyncratic erotic preferences that sometimes explode into obsessions .
Most of all , there 's Ruffalo , who in his scenes with a very good Gwyneth Paltrow , plays a man who , with heartbreaking vulnerability , is straining to normalize himself . It 's a major performance in a minor movie .
The arduous trail to recovery from sex addiction gets cushioned with soap opera suds and romantic comedy shtick in Thanks for Sharing .
Amazingly unfunny `` comedy '' using peoples ' weaknesses for targets . And a good cast wasted .
Blomberg balances the light and dark well , and if the film goes into the familiar places we expect from addiction dramas , it does so with realism and empathy .
You can admire the skill that has gone into the shaping of these scenes while also rejecting their ultimate aim .
Pretty standard indie fare that 's only elevated by its ensemble cast .
This comedy is cringe-inducingly lame and the dramatic turns are visible as far in advance as utility poles on the prairie .
It 's not terribly deep - of course it 's difficult to to trust a guy with sexual addiction - but it 's all charmingly acted , especially by Ruffalo , who makes a very relatable leading man .
Blumberg juggles comedy and drama here before going predictably dark -LRB- as addict tales tend to do -RRB- , but he 's more circling his subject than nailing it down .
It 's the universally impressive performances that ultimately make Thank For Sharing worth the ticket price .
Rookie director Stuart Blumberg overloads on movie references as he walks these characters predictably through their relationship problems , and you can set your watch to the inevitable relapse .
`` Thanks for Sharing '' has several nice moments and understated insights , but it never quite gets to the heart of its subject .
The all-star cast delivers with performances of aching sensitivity and heart .
A brutal -- and occasionally funny -- look at what it 's like to live with an addiction that 's treated with disdain .
A well-meaning , sporadically entertaining and ultimately formulaic look at the struggles of a group of recovering sex addicts .
Most ... of the movie never transcends a screenwriting formula that makes you uncomfortably aware of the machinery driving it all .
These are problems you feel in your heart , instead of your head saying , `` Pff , lame . ''
`` Thanks for Sharing '' tries to tell too many stories and does not give any of them more than a cursory look .
Wait , was n't this supposed to be a comedy ? Or , if it 's a drama , should n't these characters be more developed ? Does n't Ruffalo deserve a better movie ? Do n't we ? So many questions ; so little to see .
Though the film is tonally inconsistent , the overall empathy with which characters are presented , and some topnotch performances , help blunt the story 's stumbling moments .
Blumberg is an efficient , easygoing storyteller .
Blumberg 's film spends its running time showing us that sexual addiction is a disease like any other , and it does a convincing job . It 's elsewhere that the film falters .
`` Thanks for Sharing '' is what Variety would call a `` twelve-stepper '' - an engagingly didactic drama about addiction and recovery .
The character arcs intersect so schematically that at times the film feels like a game of 12-step bingo .
`` Thanks for Sharing '' ultimately feels empty . It does n't share enough .
Thanks for Sharing is an odd film : The sex-addict business is treated with an uncommon level of detail and honesty .
It 's surprisingly wise , funny and affecting , thanks in part to a sensitive script , and in part to a strong ensemble cast .
Thanks for Sharing is all over the place trying to find a tone , but it knows where its heart is .
Every time `` Thanks for Sharing '' finds a groove , it jumps back out of it .
While it does n't shy away from the , um , more prurient aspects -LRB- porn , prostitutes and worse are addressed -RRB- , the movie treats sex addiction as addiction first and sex second .
`` Thanks for Sharing '' is redeemed by a reasonably honest script and strong performances .
Not perfect , but Stuart Blumberg manages an impressive balance of laughs and serious emotion in this absorbing , entertaining study of the sexual addiction of New Yorkers .
A soap-operatic symphony of sincere drama and tension-releasing humor .
A movie about disease and addiction should be messy and unruly . And while it happens so quickly and piles on a lot of drama , it 's essential for audiences to venture right into that horrible center .
The many-threaded approach makes it feel narratively rich and sophisticated , but it also shorthands and shortchanges some of the most interesting characters .
Solidly grounded performances from almost all the cast members wind up playing second fiddle to navel-gazing .
Thanks to the intelligence of both actors , it starts out OK , with initial dates that have a teasing , flirty quality . But they soon become insufferably cloying ...
Heartfelt and well-intentioned , but it comes across like an adult version of an afterschool special .
Thanks for Sharing has its charms , but it 's both too shallow and too busy , and not all that perceptive .
Works much better as an act of earnest education than as , well , comedy or drama .
Blumberg and his cast lift the slogan-heavy vocabulary of group therapy above stultifying cliché , and instead craft an engaging portrait of support and companionship .
When the stories turn more serious , the big moments come off as completely phony .
Substitute his sex addiction for , say , alcohol or cocaine , and it 's a tale that 's been told countless times .
The laughs spring from the foxhole humor of addicts needling and nurturing each other ; the romance evolves just as unexpectedly .
The marquee matchup between Ruffalo 's Adam and his new girlfriend Phoebe -LRB- Gwyneth Paltrow -RRB- is a pleasure to watch , perhaps the most naturally appealing , organically developed love story of the year .
If it 's not quite as worthwhile as it wants to be , it 's still OK .
It means well , but finally , it 's a lighthearted film that is ultimately weakened by too much star wattage . Thanks For Sharing would have been better as a documentary .
I am powerless to control my addiction to this kind of talky , theatrical , pseudo-therapeutic picture , which does n't mean - as with other kinds of addictions - that I 'm entirely happy about it .
When Hollywood sets out to do a movie about addiction it invariably ends up looking like this .
Blumberg does n't exempt his characters from responsibility , nor does he keep himself at arm 's length . He 's right there with them , one day at a time .
A winsome mix of funny , harrowing , and smart , it 's most commendable for making characters who are addicted to bad behavior-and who refuse to blame themselves for it-somehow exceedingly sympathetic .
A movie that wants us to make us laugh and cry , but fails to do either .
Well-acted , sometimes moving , but it lurches between weepy , tragic moments and laugh-out-loud ridicule
While not a tremendously addicting watch , there are enough passionate performances to provide an enlightening look into such a serious topic .
There are those who would argue that Shame was too severe in its exploration of addiction 's destructive power . If that 's the case , then Thanks For Sharing can be faulted for being too lightweight .
A compassionate and frequently funny look at sex addiction that rolls out too many pat developments to muster much depth .
Is an exploration of sex addiction , in all its different manifestations , the new flavor of the week in contemporary American cinema ?
Four sex addicts in recovery supporting each other , sharing the pain , taking it one day at a time , and seeing change as a process , not an event .
This tone-deaf misfire ca n't decide whether it wants to be a broad comedy doling out raunchy slapstick laughs or a serious drama about our porn-saturated age of sensory overload .
The Kids Are All Right writer Stuart Blumberg 's first directorial effort is a frothy affair with typically strong turns from Ruffalo and Paltrow .
What keeps the show on the road are the three male lead performances , which are commendably stripped-down and honest .
This is a flawed debut for director Stuart Blumberg , but one of admirable honesty , kept afloat by some very fine performances .
At least in the end , we 'll always have Shame .
Thanks for Sharing is ultimately felled by a lamentable emphasis on almost eye-rollingly conventional and hackneyed elements .
These threads are neatly woven together , the acting is decent , there are good scenes but this is a film unambiguously behind the 12-step programme ...
Thanks For Sharing is utterly charming , funny , sweet , and serious in all the right ways . It 's the feel-good film of the year . An absolute must-see .
The film ca n't quite find its footing as either a drama or a comedy , and near the end it 's actively sliding off the rails .
I was pleasantly surprised .
There 's a generous pinch of very funny lines , mostly bestowed on Robbins .

@highlight

Thanks For Sharing showcases some fine performances but does n't delve into its thorny premise as deeply as it should .