This is absurdity piled on melodrama piled on rubbish trousers and weird Ikea furniture , a bad weekly meeting of the Hampstead chapter of Fathers 4 Justice with added Pantene .
A movie about Assange and WikiLeaks is bound to be tough to tackle and while it has a few things going for it , Condon could have scored better if he chose to focus deeper on Assange 's admittedly complex and mysterious psyche .
Yes a stellar cast was compiled , but it rings false nonetheless .
There are real treasures to be had here , the most prestigious of which is an effortless turn from Benedict Cumberbatch as Julian Assange .
This breathless thriller that treats the speed of data as a matter of life and death .
Benedict Cumberbatch 's performance is the knockout , precise , conflicted , mysterioso , wily , his own charm alloyed with the Aussie oddness of Assange .
The film never seems to know what it wants to be , or where it is going with all of these gimmicks , gadgets and subplots . It ends up as a yawner , a thriller with no thrills , history without context .
A great performance surrounded by a very bad movie .
-LSB- Blu-ray Review -RSB- `` The Fifth Estate '' is not a disaster -- far from it -- but it is understandable why it failed to capture an audience or much critical support .
It had the opportunity to dazzle us with one of the biggest news stories of the last few years , but it never goes into enough depth , plot or character-wise , to get us involved , and because of that it merely becomes a forgettable film that had potential .
Despite an impressive turn by star Benedict Cumberbatch it fails to deliver on its initial promise .
Benedict Cumberbatch and Daniel Brühl do a fine job of drawing us into their characters , but because ` The Fifth Estate ' is an uneven and sometimes confusing thriller , it 's not enough .
Nothing condescends to savvy cinemagoers quite like characters who directly articulate a film 's subtext .
There 's nothing in The Fifth Estate that will challenge opinions or give a fresh perspective on Assange and Wikileaks .
The film is no love letter to -LSB- Julian -RSB- Assange . If he was worried about being portrayed as an arrogant git , an Aussie larrikin with a neat turn-of-phrase and a questionable concept of conscience , his fears are well-founded .
Cumberbatch , rocking white , stringy locks and some alien-like dance moves , does a fine ` SNL ' impersonation . But he 's sinister , not ambiguous - a loathsome hypocrite bound to inspire hit pieces like this .
Perfectly serviceable - if far from subtle , like reading a Wikipedia page on CAPS LOCK .
This might play the saga as a psychodrama with a bit of Bourne and even ` bromance ' and yet , nevertheless , it works , and Cumberbatch is as close as you 'll get to Assange without being arrested .
A Wikileaks story that fails to match the drama of its real-life inspiration .
A well-acted but uneven take on recent events that feels strangely superfluous .
Cumberbatch is fetching as Assange , and he manages to sound convincingly similar ; he also captures the mannerisms . But more importantly , he conveys the deadpan egotism and edgy self promotion , coupled with a fervent belief in his own messianic status
It tries to pack in far too much material , but where The Fifth Estate is spectacularly successful is in leaving an impression of the character and duplicitous morals of WikiLeaks founder and self-hailed celebrity , Julian Assange
The Fifth Estate is Woodward VS Bernstein .
a profound disappointment when it could have been instead wonderfully profound
The movie runs out of gas but the news story has legs that wo n't quit .
The finale deflates the build up of the whole moral issue of leaking secret information when you realize this story of heroic truth-telling is also one about a man actually running away from his more debased crimes .
Tthe film finally falls short , an explosive beginning leading to a pedestrian end .
Confusing WikiLeaks docudrama mostly avoids iffy content .
The acting is good in this Julian Assange tale but the story is deadly dull for the most part .
A throwback to red scare movies of the 1950s with Julian Assange portrayed as the fanatical intellectual bent on destroying bourgeois society and the lives of those naive enough to follow him . Utter trash .
This portrait of the world 's most notorious bean spiller reveals so little I could n't say with more certainty today than a year ago whether his crusade for transparency is sincere or just a freedom of information act .
Flat , boring , the antithesis of a thriller , the fascinating story of WikiLeaks is a letdown . Even Benedict Cumberbatch 's show-stopping octopus dance - which will surely be the rage at all the hottest clubs - ca n't breathe life into The Fifth Estate
Like the film 's cold , bleak backdrops of Belgium and Germany , there 's far too little warmth , wit or movie sunshine to penetrate the overarching sense of its own seriousness .
By-the-numbers biopic ... Assange , the dramatic character , is n't nearly as interesting as the real Assange .
There 's perhaps nothing more cringe-inducing than a square 's view of a radical subculture .
As nervy and as excitable as the trade that it depicts .
The material covered in the production 's 128 minutes is not only inherently non-cinematic but not remotely `` thrilling , '' at least in the conventional sense .
Cumberbatch excels as Julian Assange but the movie about him falters
Assange is demonized and the Cumberbitches are going to be enraged .
Smart , intelligent that plays like a current ` All The President 's Men ' , a journalistic thriller with lots of pertinent questions but no real answers .
The Fifth Estate is a film about audacity made without audacity .
Looks to dazzle the viewer with aggressive acting and whip-crack globetrotting intrigue , yet director Bill Condon feels like he 's dog paddling with material that demands an emphatic front crawl .
Assange 's smelly socks more lethal than US wars against the planet ? You bet , if it 's ABC 's Media Empire competing David and Goliath war on Wikileaks . And how Hollywood never ` gets ' rebel activism , sifted through their narrow prism of ambition and greed .
... an aggressively misguided true-life endeavor that contains all the dramatic heft of a Wikipedia entry .
Like the non-fiction novels that followed Truman Capote 's In Cold Blood , Bill Condon uses Hollywood moviemaking techniques to get to the heart of the matter
So much better when it focuses on Assange , and the great performance by Cumberbatch .
History will judge these pioneers of rogue media , but , as far as this version -- it 's too tame to be of any great interest .
Despite its mostly frantic pacing and considerable ambition , it lacks true entertainment value because the aforementioned dilemma is not presented as a dire situation for the viewer .
The bullet points of WikiLeaks ' rise and fall are dutifully covered , but the movie bites off more than it can chew ...
Regardless of the preconceived notions of the audience , the slick and well-acted film maintains consistent tension .
This needed to be a 10-hour miniseries on HBO , there 's that much ground to cover .
The Fifth Estate is also as current as a news feed , filling in the disputed facts about Assange 's life beyond the headlines and chronicling the revolution that has upended the media landscape in the last decade .
An intriguing character study that is exceedingly timely and relevant .
Cumberbatch is very good , in a movie that is n't . His portrayal of Assange 's vain paranoia , his delusion of intellectually hovering above the world around him , is The Fifth Estate 's sole pleasure .
Condon does n't trust the story -- or history itself -- to be interesting enough on its own terms .
`` The Fifth Estate '' plays like three different stylistic takes on WikiLeaks ' greatest hits , with seemingly important secondary characters -LRB- Moritz Bleibtreu , `` Run Lola Run , '' as WikiLeaks server/security guru Marcus -RRB- lost in the shuffle .
I really want to see the movie that Cumberbatch thought he was in because his performance has so many interesting aspects it could n't possibly be for what amounts to a nearly paint by numbers thriller .
Director Bill Condon delivers an intelligent , dynamic , character-centered drama .
Condon and his screenwriter Josh Singer do n't quite know what to make of this duo , perhaps because the men did n't quite know what to make of each other , either .
Despite a glaring lack of context , the movie succeeds on the strength of its principal players .
Benedict Cumberbatch nails Julian Assange and looks and talks so much like the real thing that you often forget he is n't . It 's a brilliant piece of work . The movie is not .
The Fifth Estate may not always deserve Cumberbatch 's commitment to the performance , but it 's much better because of him .
The Fifth Estate is best suited as exploratory viewing for anyone looking to get a crash-course overview on what all the WikiLeaks fuss was about .
Cumberbatch gives a towering , compelling performance as Assange ...
There 's a propulsive energy that keeps things moving and fits the breakneck speed of modern media .
`` The Fifth Estate '' feels unfortunately small and safe .
All that neon-hued code crawling up and down the screen has no more meaning , really , than a disco ball . Thinking it looks way cool does not make it way smart .
Tepid and slightly disjointed in its portrayal of a fascinating subject and equally fascinating character .
A feeble , reactionary drama .
Despite its fascinating subject matter , its talented director and its star , current man-of-the-hour Benedict Cumberbatch , `` The Fifth Estate '' is a slog .
`` The Fifth Estate '' tries to be a cross between `` The Social Network '' and `` Zero Dark Thirty . '' Only it 's more like `` The Sociopath Network '' meets `` Zero Dumb Thirty . ''
Cumberbatch gives a commanding performance , but corrective rewrites to the worrying early drafts of the script obviously were too little , too late to do justice to the nuanced complexities of -LSB- Assange -RSB- and his revolution .
It may be a bit chilly , but `` The Fifth Estate '' is good , scary information well-processed .
The problem with director Bill Condon 's fictionalized account of all this is that , like WikiLeaks itself , there 's way too much data to sift through .
Cumberbatch is magnetic and often electrifying playing the man . It 's just too bad he 's hampered by a scattered script . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
It 's not Wiki ; it 's just weak .
Shortcomings aside , ` The Fifth Estate ' is an important movie because if you have n't been thinking about how the internet continues to alter our perceptions of governments , privacy and each other , then you really need to start .
-LSB- T -RSB- his is a neutered account of recent history .
The Fifth Estate takes on the important 21st century question of information flow vs. privacy rights and fumbles it into a middling mishmash of techno thriller and future-of-journalism lecture .
-LSB- A -RSB- s riveting as a ` tweet ' on Twitter . It might grab your attention for the moment but it has no staying power .
Like the journalists Assange worked with , it tries to put some shape and perspective on a story that is still too big and too new to frame as a definitive narrative .
The first narrative film portrait of the white-blond cyber bad boy feels undercooked and overwrought , haphazardly written and overdirected .
For all its frantic keyboarding , The Fifth Estate does n't present a coherent picture . It just throws up a version of the enigmatic Assange and hopes for the best .
The question of who owns knowledge in a world where information is so rapidly and intangibly shared is at this film 's heart , but it seems unsure of its position , retreating behind the very smokescreens it seeks to dispel .
Benedict Cumberbatch restores mystery to the personality of WikiLeaks ' founder , Julian Assange , and fascination to his role as a global crusader for free speech .
As much it claims urgency with current events and issues , it seems out of date , even coming just three years after the real events .
The movie ca n't quite decide what it thinks of -LSB- Assange -RSB- - or even if it should decide at all .
The movie feels both too soon and too late ; an often skillful assemblage of bits and pieces , telling a story we already know and , ultimately , letting it fade away without an ending .
A fairly dull thriller about a hugely influential Internet phenomenon .
It 's an intellectual grappling match that leaves viewers feeling worked over , disoriented and not much the wiser .
Exhausting in a new way , the movie is a data dump devoid of drama .
An entertaining if inevitably unreliable current events romp .
There is something a little too pat about this narrative , and about the more-in-sorrow-than-in-anger spirit in which it is offered .
Delves into hokum , and the bromance is overplayed , but also raises some fascinating , complex questions about 21st century journalism .
Drama about the controversial information freedom fighter made worth seeing by Benedict Cumberbach 's tour de force performance .
Condon tries to dramatize the story 's ideas but instead turns them into simplistic Power Point bullets that just lie there .
You will be hard pressed to find a movie this year as overly directed as this one .
A story that 's essentially a bunch of guys looking at computer screens - a challenge that Condon wrestles with uneven success .
We 're snowed by a great deal of intersecting and crisscrossing information in `` The Fifth Estate , '' and Singer 's script lacks organizational skills .
And the award for Best Actor in a Disappointing Movie goes to ... Benedict Cumberbatch as Julian Assange in `` The Fifth Estate . ''
There are very few good movies about journalism , and even fewer about computers . `` The Fifth Estate '' succeeds on at least the latter count .
Cumberbatch 's subtle and intriguing performance as the inscrutable Aussie loner behind WikiLeaks is surrounded by a plodding and minor melodrama that 's ludicrously ill suited to the material .
Warts and all , the movie definitely succeeds in engaging its audience .
-LSB- It -RSB- sounds somewhat schematic , -LSB- but -RSB- it plays better than that because the two actors bring quite a bit to their roles , and because the script has worked hard to make the issues feel real and relevant .
Anyone interested in WikiLeaks and Assange in their multi-threaded intrigue would do well to seek out Alex Gibney 's The Story of WikiLeaks and forget that this dud ever existed .
This is the film equivalent of celebrity journalism . Which , some would say , is no journalism at all .
leans on goofy sight gags , unbridled edits , look-at-me camera moves and pounding techno music to liven up scenes of people typing on laptops .
You 'd be much better off renting `` We Steal Secrets . ''
Cumberbatch is great .
Emphasizes parts of the story that are n't all that interesting , while soft-pedaling or leaving out all together a lot of the best parts .
Asks all the important questions but fails to answer the only one that matters : why should we care ?
In the rush to put history onscreen , sometimes the need to put together something that first works as a film gets overlooked .
The Fifth Estate has big issues about the media and journalistic responsibilities to discuss , but these discussions come across as arch , academic discourses , not passionate , spontaneous exchanges between colleagues .
It 's ironic that Alex Gibney 's recent WikiLeaks doc uploads the same material with more dramatic oomph . The Fifth Estate is stuck running in place .
Even when `` The Fifth Estate '' focuses on its fascinating subject , it ignores his complexities , opting to smooth out its portrait of a notorious prickly antihero .
Doing nothing to clarify what many already know , this movie about pulling back the veil of secrecy actually reveals little itself .
A polished and engrossing Hollywood thriller , smartly scripted by West Wing veteran Josh Singer .
As fascinating as its protagonist , but just about as flawed .
`` The Fifth Estate '' accomplishes its intent : offering some insight into an important milestone in history and prompting viewers to question and debate what they have just witnessed . Unfortunately , it takes too long to get there .
Timely but sluggish and confusing , The Fifth Estate will be a hard sell . Corruption in cyberspace should be a helluva lot more entertaining than this .
No matter how elaborately you trick out the shot , watching actors type on computer keyboards just is n't all that dramatic ; even if they 're typing really , really hard and really , really fast .
The filmn is guilty of some of the same quick judgment it clearly does n't endorse , exploiting Julian Assange 's unmistakable appearance to help give itself a boogeyman .
A film that , for all its restlessness , feels staid and dated .
The Fifth Estate tries to ape its subject 's bravado and innovation to near-disastrous results .
Bracing , but as ambivalent about Julian Assange as the rest of society has become .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- You owe it to yourself to see the movie if only to see what a Hollywood hatchet job looks like .
Might be interesting if it had enough passion and guts to take a stand , but ends up in the mushy middle of the road , which surely sprang from a desire to be ` fair ' and ` balanced . '
In the end we 're left with an enjoyable but rather empty ride ; easy on the eye , kinetic in construction , but undone by indecision about its still unfolding history .
The Fifth Estate is interesting enough to generate the very talking points it seeks to provoke . In short : mission accomplished .
Chaotic and speculative , it haphazardly reveals the state of 21st century internet journalism which , seemingly , lacks any semblance of accountability .
This may be the greatest failing of The Fifth Estate : It takes place in a world of dirty -LRB- non - -RRB- secrets our tax dollars pay for and sells it back to us as low-grade Soap Opera .
It offers a compelling , complex portrait of the Wikileaks founder that will probably do precisely what the actual Assange fears - namely , paint him as a demagogue whose commitment to institutional corruption is more self-aggrandizing than sincere .
Some critics will be taken in by The Fifth Estate 's trendy visuals and empty insights , but moviegoers will quickly recognize this as trumped-up Hollywood hokum .
Like WikiLeaks itself , The Fifth Estate collapses under the sheer weight of information and political import bearing down upon it , its human drama crushed by documentary data overload .
No whistles were blown during the making of this movie : what a shame .
The Fifth Estate takes heed of too many narrative masters and ends up serving none of them well .
Cumberbatch does n't just look like Assange in this film , from the lank white hair to the narrow , suspicious eyes . He inhabits him .
If you want to know more about Wikileaks and today 's information war the picture is an excellent starting point . As engaging human drama , however , it falls short .
There 's no doubt that Benedict Cumberbatch does a very good job as the impassioned , imperious and mercurial Assange ...
In a true story far more incredible than fiction - the fate of democracy hangs on the whim and will of a young Antipodean whose powers of geeky conquest reformulate forever the word `` technocrat '' .
An engaging and enjoyable retelling of the WikiLeaks story with an astonishing central performance from Benedict Cumberbatch ...
Condon strains to recreate the curdled friendship dynamic that powered The Social Network , David Fincher 's Facebook creation story , but Assange is too cartoonish and Berg too bland for their relationship to grip .
Cumberbatch is handed his meatiest role yet and delivers ...
The film 's fogeyish approach to technology probably would n't matter so much if it had grasped the bare bones of drama .
With a riveting portrayal by Cumberbatch at its heart , The Fifth Estate tells its story grippingly - but finally leaves us none the wiser .
The Fifth Estate does n't have the same sharp focus or insight -LSB- as The Social Network -RSB- . It 's adequate and often fun , but no match for Cumberbatch 's talents .
Disappointingly dull account of a tale desperately in need of a sharper screenplay and some directorial vim . Might as well wait for the Blu-ray , Jules .
The only true take-away from the frantic , two-dimensional The Fifth Estate is that Julian Assange is n't championing moral justice as much as brand building and the inconvenience of accountability in the internet age .
Will hold infinitely more interest for those already intrigued by Assange 's activities than those trying to learn more about WikiLeaks and its origins .
It 's a well-made and entertaining conspiracy thriller but remains a disappointingly superficial treatment of material that promised much more .
Cumberbatch as the awkward Australian Assange performs a masterclass in mimicry . It 's a shame , then , that the performance is let down by some clumsy storytelling that trots out all the usual clichés .
Slick and superficially entertaining , does n't have much news to impart .
This efficient but uninspired work does n't provide any more insight into the issue than a television docudrama would .
Feverishly edgy and exciting .
All the President 's Men from Deep Throat 's perspective .
The Fifth Estate rarely offers great insight into Assange or the world that spawned Wikileaks , but its acceptance of that fact makes it easier to accept as well-acted entertainment that compels you to seek out the real story .
... The Fifth Estate focuses on what is ultimately a petty personal feud , while mostly missing the revolution that 's still happening keystroke by keystroke on computer screens around the world .
The Fifth Estate proves little more than a showcase for the acting talents of a supreme mime in the form of the lanky Cumberbatch .
Takes an exceedingly complicated story - the Wiki-Leaks saga - and boils it down into a compact two hour movie that 's consistently entertaining and easy-to-follow .
Watching people do stuff with computers is n't just as boring as watching paint dry , it 's a lot more irritating .
For a film that reminds use over and over that this is a whole new world , this movie feels awfully familiar .
Both the kindest and most damning thing you can say about `` The Fifth Estate '' is that it primarily hobbles itself by trying to cram in more context-needy material than any single drama should have to bear .
Benedict Cumberbatch 's Julian Assange is the highlight of a sometimes ordinary-feeling film .
This is highly competent catnip for the watercooler crowd .
It 's the quality of asking questions and providing no black and white answers that makes The Fifth Estate , in spite of its bluster and bravado , worth watching .
The character work seems perfunctory , whether it 's the mediocre exploration of Assange and Domscheit-Berg 's dynamic or the shallow investigation into Assange 's past to hint at what drew him to be so antiauthoritarian .
An uneven , intermittently thoughtful but largely preachy overview of WikiLeaks ' rising influence .
I think there are a number of small strong moments in the film , but taken as a whole , it feels like a muddle .
Condon 's given us a smart and absorbing picture , but his dogged games of info-dazzle do n't quite belong in our decade either .

@highlight

Heavy on detail and melodrama but missing the spark from its remarkable real-life inspiration , The Fifth Estate mostly serves as a middling showcase for Benedict Cumberbatch 's remarkable talent .