If given the chance , this is not to be missed on the big screen .
Unfortunately , this is an 87-minute movie , and those moments of brilliance take up only about a third of the film . The rest is devoted to shots that either feel long and pretentious , or suffer from a serious case of ADD .
It may cause impatience with many viewers , but for others it can be a meditative and revelatory experience .
No interviews or narration are needed and none is offered , leaving the audience all at sea , adrift on the strange tide of sound and vision .
Leviathan is among the oddest , spookiest , most unsettling entities to make it into cinemas in 2013 .
A wilfully opaque , if undoubtedly pioneering , documentary from British-French husband-and-wife team Lucien Castaing-Taylor and Verena Paravel .
Rarely an easy watch , but a visual and sensory experience unlike any other : this is Captain Phillips meets Captain Birdseye as co-directed by God and the Devil .
When we say it 's like nothing else you 've seen , you 've really got to take our word for it .
A radical experiment in non-fiction cinema - not seeking to enlighten or inform , but to disorientate us , practically to drown us , in a nightmare vision of the ocean 's power .
Leviathan , co-directed by Lucien Castaing-Taylor and Véréna Paravel , is a stupendous sea documentary .
Not an easy watch , and something in which you must make an investment of attention - but a fascinating piece of work .
After an hour it can feel like a chore . Yet the images are staggering - not least as the camera moves in and out of the ocean .
Part fishing doc , part filmmaking experiment , Paravel and Castaing-Taylor is remarkable , disorientating and unique gem .
Surrender to its rhythms and you 'll find poetry in its anthropological austerity .
This is sublime , thought-provoking filmmaking .
for those who do not carp at the absence of a narrative hook , this synaesthetic ichthyo-apocalypse is oddly angled , intimately scaled and well worth catching .
-LSB- Plunges -RSB- us into a microcosm of chaos and disharmony that reflects the frequently uneasy relationship between nature and commerce .
Without a speck of narration or meaningful dialogue , `` Leviathan '' puts you in the middle of the action , whether from human , fish , or even bird 's - eye view .
Leviathan is likely like nothing you 've ever seen , with filmmaking methods you can barely comprehend , and it absolutely demands to be seen on the big screen .
Alert the genre police : Leviathan is the best horror film of the year .
With its repetitive images of netted and gutted sea life , the film suggests that the beast is the human hunter himself .
If you get into the rhythm of Leviathan , the experience can be at turns transcendent and overwhelming .
Radical experiential/experimental video of bloody viscera and abstract beauty . Embedded/embodied lens as in Brakhage 's `` The Governor '' and Geyrhalter 's `` Our Daily Bread . ''
Rather than being taught a lesson or being rallied to a cause , Leviathan offers you the opportunity to leave your ordinary world for 87 minutes and plug yourself into the world of a fishing crew ...
... there is very little time -LRB- if any -RRB- spent on actually teaching me anything at all about the hard life of a North Atlantic fisherman .
The prow of the boat , slicing through the waves , suggests the Leviathan as a metaphor for earth , a neverending journey of labor and death and those that scavenge at its edges .
More an accumulation of often indefinable images than any kind of even remotely traditional feature , the documentary `` Leviathan '' proves a strange and unsatisfying endurance test .
I have n't felt this drenched in seawater since my last scuba dive .
Gradually you realize you 're witnessing a nonlinear entertainment that 's setting its own rules , and you 'll either go with the flow or take an early leave .
Leviathan wo n't be to all tastes , but there 's no denying it 's quite a catch .
Edited together into a non-linear and virtually wordless whole , it creates a briny immersive effect that is almost hallucinatory .
One of the sparest documentaries ever produced , this film takes the audience into the very heart of mechanized food production .
A very little of ` Leviathan ' goes a long way , one gets the point , and essentially what are repetitions go overboard and for too many frames .
Bold , ugly , beautiful , haunting , nauseating , pretentious , scary , tedious and disgusting . One of the most viscerally horrifying films in years . Not for the weak-stomached .
Experimental documentary about fishing has its defenders , but will seem tedious and incoherent to most .
The adventurous souls who stick with it ... will find head-spinning images and a cumulative impact that does , in fact , amount to a story .
-LSB- It -RSB- offers not information but immersion : 90 minutes of wind , water , grinding machinery and piscine agony .
As Leviathan trundles on , it 's hard to really know what Castaing-Taylor and Paravel are trying to say . There 's no strict narrative here .
Leviathan is an immersive experience , plunging viewers into darkness and chaos , amid a rush of vivid color and rapid movement .
End of days or the beginning of new ways of seeing ?
Like the hypnotic swarm of seagulls constantly trailing the boat for scraps , we lunge for meaning .
Painterly with a bold soundtrack but ultimately pointless look at men at sea who bring in our Friday dinners .
Leviathan is an immersive examination of a highly mechanized industrial process , the men who work at it and the thousands of poor fish who cross their path .
The pic contains several striking visuals that range from disturbing to beautiful .
A chaotic , violent movie ... -LSB- about -RSB- the relationship between Man and the nature he wants to control .
Leviathan is a titanic achievement , a visceral overload whose impact registers immediately and with great force .
Leviathan is about as pointless and frustrating a cinematic experience as one can easily recall .

@highlight

It moves to its own inscrutable rhythm , but for filmgoers willing to immerse themselves , Leviathan proves a one-of-a-kind viewing experience .