It 's quite amazing that both Delpy and Rock pull this off , convincingly playing a couple who , despite being polar opposites , are straight-up smitten with each other .
... even with its brief imperfections , these are two days you 'll want to watch over and over again .
Nobody will mistake this for a great comedy , but I enjoyed the madcap looseness and consistently high spirits .
There are a lot of laugh-out-loud scenes , but few hold together well enough to make for a smooth-flowing narrative equal to ' 2 Days in Paris . '
This very funny , very smart comedy about New York intellectuals meeting a French invasion of sorts is much like a Woody Allen film , but it is written and directed by Julie Delpy .
Rock tries playing it straight , but ca n't help himself ; Delpy is lovably daffy ; the film has a breezy , honest air .
I started out thinking this is really forced and then I thought it was really self consciously cute and then I thought it was really unfunny and then I got to the point of hating it and then I wanted her to die .
This is a catastrophically unfunny sequel in which the possibilities for a French-American culture clash are quickly doomed by the cruelly unfunny dialogue and some very bad performances .
Episodic and sluggishly paced , 2 Days in New York has no drive and no story tension and for some that wo n't matter since the film 's manic energy seems to derive from the fact that everyone here talks fast and loud and often ...
Delpy seems fascinated by the way that time and life experience change people 's perceptions and attitudes , but not their cores .
Julie Delpy 's smartest move as a director is to feature Julie Delpy so prominently in her films . That endless reservoir of charm is drawn from yet again in her latest effort , an unnecessary but not unappealing sequel .
Delpy is unlikely to set the world on fire with these farcical outings of the absurd , but it 's a pleasure to see her back onscreen , doing what she loves .
A misguided breezy offbeat sitcom , that visits all the wrong places . ''
A meandering , spineless set of comedic sketches . Much is made of things like the name Mingus rhyming with cunnilingus , part of the general tone of candid sexual referencing that jars - not because it 's shocking but because it is pointless
In a misconceived dallying with culture clash , Julie Delpy 's exploration in this disappointing follow up to 2 Days in Paris never even gets close to taking off
A witty , winning new comedy of relationships and culture-clash that eschews complicated plotting to instead luxuriate in a fresh , fun , wound-up energy all its own .
Sitcom woes and hackneyed biography ...
Like Woody Allen on speed , only with neuroses flipped into cocksureness and everyone bickering , bickering , bickering until you want to reach into the screen and punch them all in the face . It 's nails on a chalkboard .
The style is much looser and more prone to take stylistic chances -LRB- which , fortunately , pay off -RRB- .
This ebullient domestic comedy fairly radiates with a runner 's high .
The laughs come fast and breezy , just as Delpy intends .
While it 's nowhere near a perfect film , 2 Days in New York is worth seeing , not only for the comedy but also for the realism of the smaller moments .
-LSB- Delpy -RSB- and Rock , in the midst of free-flying French chaos , find a sweet chemistry together ...
Chris Rock shines in Julie Delpy 's latest light and loose creation . But it 's not on the same wonderful level as her Paris predecessor .
Chris Rock and Julie Delpy make an energetic , discombobulated , thoroughly 21st-century screwball comedy couple .
-LSB- Delpy -RSB- makes New York , and Marion 's crazy life , worth spending more than two days getting to know .
`` 2 Days in New York '' leaves you feeling drained . and its conclusion is very cliché . Not only could the movie have ended nearly 45-minutes beforehand , but it 's like shaking a Magic-8 Ball and getting an `` Ask again later '' response .
It 's a predictable sort of humor , but it 's played with intelligence , wit , charm and , blissfully , very little pretense .
Much of the alleged humor is based on French-English language gags , or cultural differences or continental mores vs. the priggishness of Americans , but it 's all more irritating than funny .
The French , they are a funny race , oui ? Well , on the evidence of Julie Delpy 's sequel to her 2007 film ' 2 Days in Paris , ' the answer is definitely non .
With her new film , Delpy continues her theme -- children exhibiting different personalities around their parents -- but with a much better groundwork .
A talky ` culture-clash ' comedy that 's more annoying than funny .
Alas , swapping cities has done little to spice up Delpy 's sitcomish take on culture clash and familial tensions .
`` 2 Days in Paris '' is as self-assured as it is slight , a deliberate diversion whose winsome charms never run dry .
A manic and funny , if ultimately frustrating , sequel .
It 's extremely funny , one of the funniest films of 2012 , with a particularly winning style - far-fetched , extreme and nonstop .
A matchless New York romantic comedy with language full of smarts and crudeness , 2 Days in New York brings audiences a hilarious 48-hour portrait of an atypical modern family .
Chatty , neurotic , maddeningly messy , often very funny , `` New York '' spins in a lunatic orbit of its own .
Finds its comedy in the familiar annoyances of urban life -LRB- a contentious neighbor , random acts of vandalism -RRB- , in the conflict between parents and siblings , but also in bigger , kookier , existential quandaries .
It 's just a likable little movie without pretension to be anything more .
I ca n't think of another filmmaker who 's shot her towel-clad dad , Albert Delpy , bending over with the family jewels prominently on display .
Features exclusively annoying characters engaged in shenanigans that land a long way from any statement Delpy ineptly tries to make about love , family or death .
The comedy works some of the time ; the pathos , more so .
Julie Delpy has particularly impressed me over the years .
In a roundelay of familiar themes and people , writer-director-star Julie Delpy changes her objects of affection from Paris to New York
The film too often stumbles through broad and predictable gags about language and cultural barriers .
An appealing fantasy depiction of cosmopolitan life in the heart of Manhattan .
Relationship sequel has same formula , less zest than first .
It 's time for Delpy to leave Marion in New York for good and head back to Paris . Besides , the sausage is better there .
... illustrates the dangers of the comedy sequel .
2 DAYS IN PARIS is a really solid , accessible indie sleeper - and hopefully people will give it a chance
Whether the things that happen actually add up to a whole movie will be a matter of debate , depending on individual taste . I found it diverting , if not a lot more than that .
Delpy 's good at keeping Marion 's complaints sharp and funny , rather than wan and whiny . Even so , the movie 's a bumpy ride as her good farcical instincts vie with the yen for cheap laughs .
About six hours of those `` 2 Days in New York '' do n't work at all . And , coming as they do at the end , they tend to deflate the charm of the trip .
2 Days in New York plays like 2 years in Attica .
The film 's jokes are occasionally unfunny and its tone is frequently shrill . But you know what ? Life is occasionally unfunny and frequently shrill . This movie understands that .
The film gets at a universal truth : everyone knows how to deal with their own crazy family , but dealing with the crazy family of your significant other takes some real adjustment .
The film , which is about a chaotic 48 hours in Marion 's life , succumbs to the chaos it depicts , and so undermines its best intentions . It is , all in all , a likable mess .
Julie Delpy 's madcap touch is once more evident in the disheveled comedy and bracing , freeform mis-en-scène that plants organized chaos on the screen .
The screenplay - which was written by Delpy , Landeau and Nahon - has a jittery kind of honesty about it , which Rock and Delpy sometimes push to its limits .
Julie Delpy is boundlessly appealing . And Chris Rock is acerbic fun . But the frenzied cross-cultural gags take the piss out of the real subject : how blood ties can turn love into a battlefield .
Delpy and Rock click so well together that we 'd much rather hang out at home with them , instead of racing around the city with sitcommish supporting characters .
At least we 'll always have 2 Days in Paris .
A follow-up to the romantic 2 Days in Paris , this farcical comedy revolves around familial and cross-cultural clashes .
These two days skip by in a movie that plays like early Woody Allen , with Julie Delpy as the blonder , French-accented Keaton , this time the center of the action and very much in charge of the mess she makes around her .
Without so much as a wink , it presents the French as racist , stinky , crude , self-absorbed , and obnoxious . It is n't a culture-clash comedy , so much as culture character assassination .
It 's a pleasure to meet up again with Marion , the distractible , acerbic , New York-based French photographer played once more by Julie Delpy in 2 Days in New York .
Phrases are misunderstood ! Tolerance for Euro-libertine ways are tested ! Tame encounters turn into terrifying humiliations , because the French are , like , so crazy !
Delpy 's project of stripping the makeup from her charismatic screen persona extends , unfortunately , to a general slovenliness of technique .
Another genial but stubbornly generic comedy that breaches obvious material with ribald flavoring and rabid charm .
The comedy in 2 Days in New York varies from uneven to failed . A lot of it is n't funny and some of what is , is overused .
Family mayhem becomes more embarrassing than funny , but there are enough chuckles and a few belly laughs to make this well-acted piece worth seeing .
It 's a bright , funny picture from the emerging director , who funnels a great deal of personal knowledge into her work , and that comfort shines on-screen .
As the cultural outrages and arguments escalate , I was increasingly grateful for the presence of Mingus , a necessary foil played by Rock as smart , sane , funny and at the end of his tether .
If Woody Allen had been born a neurotic blonde Frenchwoman instead of a neurotic New Yorker , he might very well have come up with 2 Days in New York ... but there simply are n't enough laughs to make the film more than mildly diverting .
Delpy and Rock are naturally funny and the stuff good , lightweight sitcoms are made of .
Chris Rock delivers a performance of unexpected nuance in Julie Delpy 's personal , uproariously funny follow-up to 2 Days in Paris .
This zany and hilarious observation of human interaction is beautifully scripted , acted and timed with expert comic precision .
Delpy ... skillfully deploys her decidedly nonprecious quirk in order to slide some sly , wise observations about the compromises of all sorts of love and relationships into her funny slice of New York life .
With its hair-pulling , arse-baring and soul-selling it 's often very funny and is certainly welcome respite from more saccharine takes on the subject matter .
This culture clash comedy is sporadically funny , but lacks the bonhomie of its predecessor , taking pot shots at an array of predictable targets .
Every bit as witty and whimsical as the original , with an optimism about Obama-era liberalism that is both nuanced and hard-earned .
We 've rarely seen comedy this smart since Woody Allen and Seinfeld left New York .
If you enjoy films in which adults simply talk a lot , 2 Days will feel like a breath fresh air amid the current crop of releases .
This is Delpy 's picture and she handles the writing-directing-starring juggler 's act well , showing an insightful eye for cross-cultural quirks and modern mores .
The set-up may feel a bit cheap , but Delpy does n't belabour it , plunging us straight into zingy conversational back-and-forths where something crucial is always getting lost in translation .
Reflection reveals a warm heart , sweet nature , and contemporary sensibility .
The Woody Allen-ish romantic strivings of the original film are replaced by family bickering as everyone goes at each other in the cramped apartment , to diminishing effect or purpose .
It 's a charming and amusing relationship film that further cements Delpy as a filmmaker with a distinct comedic voice .
Enjoyable comedy sequel with a decent script and superb comic performances from an excellent cast , though it lacks the bite of her previous film and occasionally falls back on easy stereotyping .
Delpy has a sharp eye for cross-cultural comic clangers .
Full of wit , intelligence and flair , once more Delpy has created a delightfully irresistible sort-of-romantic comedy .
Delpy 's attempts to be France 's Woody Allen continue apace with an appealing if variable exploration of her customary obsessions that finds Rock in rare deadpan mode .
Following in the footsteps of Richard Linklater ... Julie Delpy continues to mine the romantic travails of her character Marion when an American boyfriend must contend with her French family in a sequel to 2007 's `` 2 Days in Paris . ''
It keeps the entrances , exits , and misunderstandings rolling while rooting the action in emotions and character traits that are only slightly exaggerated for comic effect .
An enormously entertaining and relatable family farce .
A tantalizing Franco-American stew for audiences with a taste for bawdy humor and nutty characters .
A scattershot culture-clash comedy that goes down like yesterday 's foie gras .
When the movie goes off the rails , there 's little -LSB- Rock -RSB- can do to bring the movie back to its supposed romantic core .







@highlight

2 Days in New York breezes past its shortcomings thanks to an enjoyably madcap plot and the sweet chemistry between its well-matched stars .