Calm , cool and collected , -LSB- it 's -RSB- a black and white German indie thats as much French New Wave as it is early Richard Linklater .
In spite of its insufferably whimsical tendencies - exemplified by its original title , `` Oh Boy '' - the film may have turned out to be a deeply profound modern postscript about fascism .
A charming slacker promenades about Berlin streets .
A slight slacker comedy derivative of American indies but made by a youth-friendly German director of talent .
Niko 's problem is not just that he 's spoiled and lazy , but that he 's a wimp about it . He only maintains viewer sympathy because everyone else in the film is so obnoxious .
It manages to make an entertaining story out of nothing in particular . And just when you get comfortable passively observing a passive observer , the minutest of twists becomes its own call to action .
The film probes deep into the soul of Berlin , asking questions more befitting an old master than a rookie filmmaker .
Lightly likable German indie-flavored romp .
Its low-key , easy pace and refusal to put extra emphasis on anything gives the real emotions more power when they do arrive .
Germany gets an updated look at the debris of its newest generation in terms of character , content , and concrete .
The cheerful Dixieland soundtrack implies `` A Coffee in Berlin '' is a comedy , but the story line smears the screen with melancholy .
Despite Schilling 's dutiful effort to embody a man who 's trying to slip out of view , A Coffee in Berlin runs out of inspiration , and even the Woody Allen adoration is n't enough to bring it back to life .
As sure of itself visually in its black-and-white evocations of Berlin as its protagonist is unsure of himself and his future .
In Gerster 's view , Berlin 's unresolved past taints its bustling charm and glossy serenity , as well as every familiar course of practical action-yet his movie veers toward the historical kitsch that he satirizes .
The film 's finale is so strong , it almost convinces you you 've seen a better film than you actually have .
A Coffee in Berlin is only a good film , but it does have a very good ending .
Director Jan Ole Gerster lacks the confidence to set his main character genuinely adrift , instead caging him in scenes of cloying seriocomedy .
There 's a muted absurdist thread running through A Coffee in Berlin , and while Niko 's quest for the titular brew devolves into a series of whimsical frustrations , the filmmaker 's motives are more serious .
Berlin is gorgeously shot in black and white and scored with loose , atmospheric jazz as Niko wanders from one seemingly unrelated event to another .
Writer-director Jan Ole Gerster employs a loose , episodic structure that feels closer in spirit to TV comedy than feature filmmaking ; though often funny , the movie never feels like more than the sum of its parts .
He 's not nearly young Werther : just a young ditherer .
The -LSB- film -RSB- consistently reaches for some higher meaning , even managing to inject an unearned bit of pathos into the final reel , offering up slight but pleasant returns .
A day in the life of a slacker beautifully reveals old , new , amusing , and ironic contradictions in changing Berlin . His past and the city 's keep seeping through the present .
Although expertly acted and photographed , A Coffee in Berlin is a drifting deadpan comedy that could have used a shot of caffeinated energy .
This day-in-the-life indie says something profound about an entire generation simply by watching a feckless young man try to figure it out .
`` A Coffee in Berlin '' veers confidently from melancholy to absurdity and back , and then back again .
If `` A Coffee in Berlin '' has its own kind of formula and a romanticism that reads as both youthful and obscuring , it nevertheless absorbs you and makes you wonder what Mr. Gerster will do next .
-LSB- Gerster -RSB- affects a hanging-out mood that melds the slacker cool of Jim Jarmusch 's 1984 film , Stranger In Paradise , to the dry , jazz-scored , melancholy-tinged comedy of early Woody Allen .
It 's yet another tribute to being young , confused , and alone in a big city -- a cinematic elegy that feels formulaic but is still budding with the special kind of poetic love a filmmaker shares with his favorite city .
A black-and-white template of nothingness that shows how far the once unique and inventive German film industry has plummeted .
-LSB- Features -RSB- a charming performance from Tom Schilling as Niko , a confused college dropout wandering around Berlin as his world casually crumbles .
There 's wisdom lurking in its light , witty approach , which gradually transforms from a series of silly misadventures into something far more perceptive .
... a fun but frustratingly didactic look at the torpor of people tormented by the luxury of indecision . -LRB- That 's a clinical way of saying `` white people problems . '' -RRB-
Gerster 's film is agreeably modest : an 85-minute , black-and-white , jazz-scored film , with a Frances Ha tone , about a day in the life of twentysomething law-school dropout Niko Fischer .
The Berlin-set tale of an aimless twentysomething is a delightfully unforced comedy with a sure grasp of character and setting .
`` Slacker '' in Deutsche , and Berlin in glorious , romantic and seedy black and white .
Jan Ole Gerster seems infatuated with his main character , but to little avail beyond reveling in his aimless despair .
Though the black-and-white feature has its fair share of jazzy stings on the soundtrack , what it really needs are the infamous horns from Curb Your Enthusiasm 's theme tune .
Worth seeking out .
It 's a slight but sometimes insightful affair - easy on the eye and the ear , occasionally straining to support its more heavyweight thematic baggage .
Even though it 's perhaps a bit over-constructed , this German comedy-drama is a hugely enjoyable personal odyssey with strong echoes of Woody Allen 's classic era .
Oh Boy opts for blunt caricatures to push its somewhat dour thesis on the inexorable cultural decline of modern Europe .
Jan Ole Gerster 's debut often feels reminiscent of last year 's Frances Ha . But something 's missing .
Seemingly aims to transplant a mumblecore aesthetic into Berlin , with all the requisite aimless hipsters , whimsical touches and rambling narrative dips and dives ; but someone forgot to add spontaneity or edge .
Beautifully shot , sharply written and engagingly performed , this is an enjoyable German slacker comedy that recalls both Manhattan-era Woody Allen and Noah Baumbach 's recent Frances Ha .
It 's all rather charming ... leading man Schilling remains affable while never underselling this kindly yet feckless dropout 's sheer spinelessness .
A snappy , quirky German indie that will thrill fans of early Jim Jarmusch .
There is a melancholic mood that underlies Oh Boy , but it is mostly fun , breezy and energetic .
Wryly acted and beautifully shot , Oh Boy is a delight from start to finish .

@highlight

Amiably slight , A Coffee in Berlin compensates for its lack of narrative drive with a sure-handed screenplay and echoes of early Woody Allen .