There 's not a pained expression , a confused sneer , or a filthy grimace that Zombie wo n't linger on for 10 seconds longer than he needs to .
Relentlessly disturbing though it is , the movie is not particularly frightening .
The irony , of course , is that in attempting to breathe new life into Michael Myers , Rob Zombie may be the man who 's finally killed him . Let us hope that in this case , the bastard stays dead : Halloween II might just be the bullet in his brain .
The nadir of both the Halloween series and Rob Zombie 's filmography ...
At one point in the film , a character is accused of `` profiteering off the miseries of others '' and that is exactly what Zombie will do to you if you see this movie .
We see Myers in silhouette dragging a victim out of a truck and then stabbing them again and again and again , singularly summing up what a numbing experience it all is . No flashes of blood , no hints of character , just shadows killing shadows .
A painfully almost sadistically boring sequel ...
By not reaching for empowerment , Halloween II diminishes the horror genre . Nearly every victim is a terrible person .
Pushing the Halloween series further from its roots , Rob Zombie 's first sequel to his remake of the popular John Carpenter slasher , is a muddied mix of symbolism and excessive violence .
This film might be the most artfully rendered slasher sequel ever made . Alas , Zombie 's dark poetry only goes so far without more substantive justification .
In a word , ugly . It just pips Halloween : The Curse of Michael Myers -LRB- aka Halloween 6 -RRB- to the title of worst Halloween film ever .
-LSB- A -RSB- lumbering mess of a movie , which does no favours for the slasher genre , one that 's fast losing any sense of innovation or vitality .
click for full review
When Zombie kills a cow with an ambulance in the opening scene the cow dies quietly and does n't then have to sit through the rest of the movie . And they say he shows no mercy !
Rob Zombie makes incoherent films about people killing each other in brutal ways . Here 's another one .
OK but not great
Zombie really does n't escape the genre conventions .
Brutal and redundant but not without a certain ugly integrity , this gruesome sequel allows Zombie to continue to explore his idea that Michael Myers is a pathetic and tragically irredeemable product of childhood abuse ...
Zombie 's rowdy redneck phantasmagorias and weird swoons of empathy ca n't disguise that there 's nowhere left for the story to go .
My open letter to Rob Zombie on his * cough * brilliant execution of Halloween II .
Wish Michael Myers would have taken his knife to that stupid white horse .
An artless , bloody mess .
... to steal animated critic Jay Sherman 's best line , `` it stinks ! ''
Moments here and there are extremely well-made , but on the whole the movie seems to consist of nothing but a whole lot of disjointed , underlit scenes of a big dude stabbing people .
A demented , uninhibited sequel that tears off in a vividly lunatic direction . Zombie 's making this one for himself , folks , and either you succumb to the experience or every single scene is going to feel like multiplex imprisonment .
I 'm still convinced that Rob Zombie has a very good -- maybe even great -- film in him , but this is n't it .
Moments that add up to a bit more than incoherence ... and an overall sense that Zombie has a clear idea of what he 's trying to say but is without the skill to say it .
Panders to the base seekers of cheap thrills .
Halloween II is full of in jokes and references but nearly devoid of wit .
You did n't think Michael Myers was dead , did you ?
-LSB- Halloween II -RSB- offers up a rush of fiercely imagined nightmare images .
Zombie walks the walk , you ca n't deny it . And he 's found the medium where he can let his freak flag fly highest .
Most of its 101 minutes are filled with routine slasher scenes and flecks of pop-Freudian hokum about why the infamous Michael Myers -LRB- Tyler Mane -RRB- is such a murderously unhappy guy .
Zombie has talent to burn , but he 's slumming here , and one suspects that he knows it .
This umpteenth feature about the unstoppable masked killer Michael Myers could be the work of any journeyman , give or take a few hundred gratuitous pop-culture references .
This one represents Rob Zombie 's `` vision . '' That being the case , he 's blind .
With his new sequel , Zombie spends less time paying tribute and more time getting inventive , with mixed results .
Let 's float a notion : Rob Zombie is the greatest horror-movie director never to make a great movie .
The only thing `` new '' about this movie is that the gore has gotten more explicit .
Zombie is n't a storyteller , he 's a wallower . And because his movies take place in a culture of violence and sadism , there 's nothing for Michael Myers to do except echo what 's already there and slaughter weaker sadists .
There are bits and images in this film that would ensure praise from the horror-fan crowd if they were n't in a Halloween movie directed by Rob Zombie .
It 's not one of those so-bad-it 's - good , or B-movie fun -LRB- MY BLOODY VALENTINE 3D -RRB- , this is a serious and genuine shocker . If you like Zombie 's sadistic offbeat humor and his filmmaking style , you 'll eat this up .
Ultra-gory sequel/remake is brutally violent , badly made .
... the only point to Rob Zombie 's unfocused and oft-times boring sequel appears to be in making -LRB- his previous -RRB- remake look like genius in comparison .
Zombie redeems himself with Halloween II but let 's hope this is the last we see of Michael Myers for a while .
It 's as if the studio -LRB- Dimension -RRB- let some testosterone-boiling 15-year-old boy with a case of Red Bull in his belly make a slapdash gore fest where a woman in white with a white horse is meant to represent the psychological underpinning of a mute killer
Halloween II is trying to be something more than ` just ' a slasher movie , and while I do n't think it 's ever in any danger of succeeding I respect the fact that the guy tried .
It feels a little more like a trick than a treat .
Putrid ... fails to be remotely frightening and just settles for being utterly repulsive instead .
Zombie 's viewpoint is clear : he 's taking Michael 's inexorable killing spree to its brutal extreme , and he wants us to feel every blow .
Without a new path for its central trio , Halloween II merely rehashes in quick , distracted swipes .
either a work of jaw-dropping , unhinged genius , or the most moronic horror film since Ernest Scared Stupid
After the success of his original , director Rob Zombie warned fans that he had no intention of making a cheesy sequel . Oh , how I wish he 'd stayed true to that promise .
There 's a lot going on here that 's worth a look , even if the writer-director 's reach occasionally exceeds his grasp .
For a filmmaker who began his career with relatively clever and visionary splatter films like House of 1000 Corpses and The Devil 's Rejects , Zombie seems to be pursuing the path of least resistance .
Parental Content Review
Zombie 's follow-up to his 2007 series reboot is a quickie exploitation , a repelling hardcore slasher that 's vastly disappointing even by standards of this sub-genre and especially by standards of his previous and better work .
While Halloween II starts out as a character study in post-traumatic stress , it 's safe to assume that 's not what most horror fans will be looking for . And though Zombie maintains the motif of nightmarish visions throughout , the movie eventually cha
Anyone uninitiated with Rob Zombie 's brand of grainy hillbilly brutality would be better served by eating a bran muffin and steering clear of this particular horror film , because it 's a compliment to call it a piece of crap .
It 's not even as scary as his Halloween remake , and that one was perfunctory , at best .
Repellent not only in content but in visual style , writer-director Rob Zombie 's hatchet job on the series he revived so artfully two years ago plays like a violent act of euthanasia .
Zombie was interested in more than just a quick cash-in sequel . But Halloween II ca n't quite convince that a follow-up was necessary .
There 's an overall bitterness and jadedness to the filmmaking that 's alienating . Go ahead and make a nauseating film , but please : have a point .
This movie is n't horrible , but it seems like a waste for Zombie to keep revisiting someone else 's world .
Blood and guts are fine , and nihilism can be quite powerful in the right hands . But Halloween II uses them to cover up an utterly blighted experience .
There 's just something about H2 that 's peculiar , odd & even intriguing . Maybe it 's the fact that Zombie made HIS movie instead of OUR movie , or maybe it 's the sheer simplicity & brutality of it all , but in the end I think hardcore horror fans will enjoy . .
While the film is not as good as Zombie 's first , the violence is relentlessly brutal and you will definitely be jumping out of your seat .
Almost shocking how skillfully anchored it is , Halloween II is confidently and assuredly its own beast , and what a beast it is .
Zombie is a terrific stylist -- there 's a red-tinted party sequence that 's nightmarishly creepy -- but he seems bored with this material .
A repellent and incompetent monstrosity that should put to rest for good the weirdly persistent rumor that Rob Zombie has even a shred of talent as a filmmaker .
Halloween II is every bit as pointless a sequel to the first as that film was a pointless remake of the John Carpenter classic .



@highlight

Zombie shows flashes of vision in the follow-up to his Halloween reboot , but they 're smothered by mountains of gore and hackneyed , brutal violence .