Besson is clearly aiming for something like a fairy tale , but a work this forced and self-absorbed can only end up feeling terribly earthbound .
A better grubby guy/hot chick fable than Knocked Up , certainly much more honest about its male-fantasy status
Ultimately Angel-A never takes flight , weighted down by an overabundance of metaphysical clichés stolen from other films .
The film settles into a laid-back groove that is , how shall we say , endlessly boring .
Angela 's Oprah-ish effort to change Andre 's lying ways becomes a tedious mix of self-help and pop-philosophizing ... the film 's black-and-white look is two shades more complex than its gender politics .
Besson gives the movie a warmth and charm all its own ...
... a visually sumptuous , dramatically inert fable ...
The film is slickly constructed with a hip soundtrack and art direction , but its empty , a glowing travelogue for a beautiful city and two maudlin characters that are predictable and two dimensional . I love Paris too but would rather see its reality ... .
A gorgeous-looking film whose crisp , black-and-white photography is unfortunately much more thrilling than its simplistic , cloying story .
Familiar situations and trite dialogue give this movie the feel of something freeze-dried and reconstituted .
Besson 's black-and-white angel fantasy is a weak homage to Wings of Desire , if that 's what he was shooting for .
An ultimately dull nonaffair .
It 's compelling largely due to its appealing cast .
It 's too bad it took so long for the film to get here , because it 's not only the best part , it 's also the very end .
It 's a wisp of a film , recommendable for a lark , but not nearly as ambitious or entertaining as you 'd expect from Besson .
Angel-A is a not very persuasive argument on behalf of heavenly intercession , but its co-star , Rie Rasmussen , will make you believe in intelligent design .
Besson ... cribs heavily from Wings of Desire and Heaven Can Wait . If he had thought of it , he would have dressed someone in an Anaheim Angels jersey to elbow your ribs that much further .
It 's not flashy or bold , and it might not do much for cinephiles who prefer inveterate risk-taking , but it is enjoyable as a largely sentiment-free meditation on friendship and personal growth .
... the characters here are so unlikable that it 's hard to care what happens to them .
What 's at once refreshing and disorienting about the way Luc Besson -- one of the most interesting international visionaries at work today -- handles the story is his attempt to de-romanticize one of the most idealistic and sublime formulas around .
Luc Besson returns to his roots in this delightful , funny and stylish fantasy . Shot in gloriously crisp black and white , it 's also a bit of a throwback to the French New Wave for its technique and dazzling location vignettes across Paris .
The sleek style and sassy attitude gets mired in a vague , soft-headed psychology of self-affirmation and daytime talk-show platitudes as the angel turns every encounter into a lesson in self-esteem and character building .
You desperately want the story , and the characters , to make some kind of emotional sense . This , however , does not happen .
Counterfeit art-house chic writ large -- a French film that fails to produce the ineffable charms of the yesteryear movies it brazenly imitates .
Besson excels at stories about rough characters who are saved through their relationship with a more civilized character -LRB- as in The Professional and La Femme Nikita -RRB- . Angel-A adheres to that paradigm , but it also has more soul , humor and warmth than those
Beautifully shot and superbly acted ...
-LSB- The -RSB- plot is warmed-over Capra , and it 's no wonderful-life yarn .
Still , I 'm willing to give the multitalented filmmaker a break and give his latest concoction an ever so slight recommendation .
The strained fairy tale feels like writer/director Luc Besson 's effort to move beyond the pop giddiness of La Femme Nikita and The Fifth Element to a mature statement about issues important to him , but the effort overshadows the message .
Angel-A drops by most of the touristy Parisian hot spots and , shot in the glorious black-and-white of Henri Cartier-Bresson , makes them all look spectacular and gritty at the same time .
Besson 's dialogue is often inane , occasionally sounding like it is copied verbatim out of a new age self-help manual .
It seems Besson can be sentimental about Paris but he 's still not ready to get too romantic with people .
This Parisian fable is a talkathon , affecting a silly toughness , but the sights are good to see again .
If you 'd like a look at Paris in all its splendour , look no further than Angel-A . Just be sure that in order to see Paris in all its splendour you do n't mind sitting through a silly little comedy with a dopey ending .
Feels like a mash-up of It 's a Wonderful Life and Xanadu , without the wholesome sweetness of the first and the campy excesses of the second .
The movie does n't aspire to be anything but a lightweight pastiche that rehashes your memories of other , better movies .
Angel-A is all icky fantasy .
For many people , including me , the visual virtuosity behind Angel-A will be more than enough to get them over the storytelling bumps and the character inconsistencies .
Surprise , surprise - Luc Besson envisions a celestial being as a leggy , skinny super model .
-LSB- Besson 's -RSB- attractive black-and-white ` Scope compositions , strong Paris locations , and effective handling of the actors makes this captivating throughout , and wholly undeserving of the drubbing it 's received from many critics .
We all have our own view of paradise , but as long as Besson has Arbogast , his camera and those surreal bare Parisian streets , his schlocky heaven enchants the eye , if not the mind .
To call Angel-A unconvincing would be an Eiffel Tower-sized understatement .
The overall experience of the movie is of something fresh . And while it inhabits a pretty rough world , of Parisian gangsters and loan sharks , the film has a warm spirit .
Besson conjures up some astoundingly gorgeous visuals , mainly a dreamy , neon-drenched , throbbing Paris .
The -LSB- angel -RSB- turns out to be Stuart Smalley , parking André in front of a mirror so he can tell himself he 's good enough , he 's smart enough , and doggone it , people like him .
Angel-A is one of the most gorgeous movies I have ever despised .
An intriguing drama about a quirky leggy blonde angel who comes to Paris on a mission of mercy to show a self-destructive and petty man his worth .
Even though it looks like art , it plays like schlock .
Besson 's sniggering conception of Angela as a pure spirit in the body of a high-end hooker is just juvenile , and Andre is , frankly , a drag .
Visually arresting but flawed . Its strongest asset is the stunningly poetic cinematography by Thierry Arbogast .
As a drama , Angel-A does not rank as a great movie , but as an homage to Paris , it is sensational . For this viewer , at least , that is good enough .
Nice as this quietly philosophical mood may be for Besson , it 's a little wan for moviegoers , and following on the heels of Arthur and the Invisibles , Angel-A seems less like a detour in his career than the beginnings of a wrong turn .
If Besson 's eye is Angela , though , his writing is Andre : awkward , misshapen and earthbound . Andre must learn a lesson in self-esteem that would have embarrassed Capra -- maybe even Oprah .
The beautiful black-and-white photography -- and disappointingly sappy ending -- are the only remotely sober elements here , thanks to Besson 's loopy script and Debbouze 's very funny turn as a loser who simply ca n't believe his luck .
Angel-A works as a romantic comedy about opposites meeting cute and desperate in the City of Light , whose bridges and facades are nicely rendered by cinematographer Thierry Arbogast .
It wo n't hurt you , and it 's easy on the eyes .
Angel-A never finds the heart in a promising It 's a Wonderful Life premise .
Not an especially surprising or eventful story , it is , nevertheless , a reasonably satisfying little tale of a character down on his luck who finds out that life can be tolerable after all .
As I watched it , I found myself wishing it were just a little loopier . But the picture is still seductive and pleasing .
This movie will make you feel better about life in general , and , in particular , about Paris , which has never looked more magnificent than in Thierry Arbogast 's cinematography .
In essence , you get It 's a Wonderful Life meets Wings of Desire , swapping out the substance for self-help platitudes . If you can get past that , you can enjoy it as a 90-minute look at a lovely postcard .
Angel-A is a dear , surprising film - one of the best Besson has put out into the world .
Clearly Besson 's most personal film , a gorgeous and romantic travelogue of Paris locations . Rie Rasmussen is quite glorious in her first major role .
A witty , edgy cross between Amélie and It 's a Wonderful Life .
Angel-A shows how director Luc Besson can be French in a way that even the French might despise .
Begins as playful comedy about a crook who meets a beautiful woman and ends as dreadfully dumbed-down remake of Wings of Desire .
Luc Besson 's characteristic flair for visual expression here manifests itself in the most subdued way imaginable .
There 's little beyond the surface-deep pleasures of this talky distaff riff on Wings of Desire .
Besson 's first behind-the-camera outing since 1999 's The Messenger is as skeletal as his model-turned-leading lady .
Ultimately too slight a work on which to end a directorial career .
While ultimately there 's a repetitive quality to the film 's dialogue -LRB- the couple appear to be having the same arguments -RRB- , there 's still something pleasant and enjoyable in the performances .
There 's as much credibility in this match-up as color on the screen .
Black-and-white looks good ; romance is colorless , that 's bad .
This lighter-than-air bauble proves a pleasurable diversion indeed -- as long as that heart beating inside your chest has at least a mild propensity for the romantic . Bring a date .
This would-be Paris match-made-in-heaven proves to be less than idyllic thanks to the banal dialogue and self-consciously idiosyncratic performances .
A soggy affair , short on laughs and lacking chemistry between hero and heroine .
full review in Greek
A visually arresting odd-couple comedy that reveals itself to be , quite literally , It 's a Wonderful Life with a bimbo !
An achingly sincere but protracted effort .
Genial performances and a pleasing plot are elevated to the stuff of cinematic majesty by Thierry Arbogast 's glorious monochrome photography , which recalls the Parisian vistas of the nouvelle vague .
The whole film 's easy on the eye thanks to the Parisian summer setting , photographed in creamy black and white . If only the romance was n't so monochrome too ...
Good looking but tedious .
The film looks terrific - Besson shoots his beloved Paris in gorgeous black and white photography that recalls both Wings of Desire and It 's A Wonderful Life , both of which Angel-A happily steals from .
It 's a soggy affair , short on laughs and lacking chemistry between hero and heroine . But it 's shot in black-and-white by outstanding French cinematographer , Thierry Arbogast , and looks terrific .
The script is such a showman 's bag of self-mocking clichés , empty tricks and metaphysical baloney , and the heart is never touched .





@highlight

The clunky dialogue and shallow characters fail to capitalize upon Angel-A 's stunning , poetic cinematography .