This is about as awful as films get .
Perhaps the worst of the film is in the moralizing that inhabits it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Culminating into a horrendously gore-filled climax , this shallow movie offers nothing new and is infuriatingly tiresome to sit through .
With no real plot and layers of absurdity , there is nothing serious about the seriousness the characters place in themselves .
The 1990s were notorious for trashy lightweight thrillers that traded solely on the possibility of glimpsing their high-profile female leads in a steamy scene . Twenty years on , it feels like we 've learnt nothing .
There 's ` funny-haha , ' and ` funny-strange , ' but the howler that is ` The Boy Next Door ' lands solidly in the category of ` funny-please-just-shoot-me-now . '
The Boy Next Door plays best as unintentional comedy .
This is a marvel of bad editing and if that fascinates you , you might enjoy yourself ; otherwise , I 'd steer clear .
Occasionally it veers into the `` so bad it 's good '' category , but that does n't change the fact it 's very , very bad .
The Boy Next Door comes off more as an inadvertent comedy than the thriller it 's supposed to be .
Lifetime-ready have-your-cake-and-eat-it-too crap about a victimized woman turned righteous avenger in the last five minutes
This gender-switch on Fatal Attraction abandons logic early , lunging from borderline soft-core porn to flailing over-the-top melodrama and unintentional self-parody well before the halfway point in its modest 91-minute running time .
A wonky erotica-thriller where , despite Lopez 's efforts and one deft sequence , many spine-tingling or libido-vibrating scenes instead slip scantily towards comedy or B-movieness , while its sociopath 's mentality gets way too 1987 Glenn Close-y for comfort .
A movie of bare chests -LRB- his -RRB- and orgasmic moans -LRB- hers -RRB- , this is part psycho thriller , part cautionary sex fantasy , part Lifetime-level affirmation of the primacy of the traditional family and all testimony to the irresistibility of Jennifer Lopez .
Lopez is playing it straight . And , so is the director -LRB- Rob Cohen -RRB- . It 's hard for the audience to have fun when the filmmakers stay straight-faced .
It 's a disjointed , frenetic series of unfortunate events that is n't even fun to watch mockingly ... Your time is better spent fantasizing about one of the two onscreen leads .
If the gender roles were reversed , the seduction scenes would be considered exploitative and creepy .
An unwanted throwback to the sort of film you 'd stumble across in 1998 , late on a Friday night on Channel 5 .
Our faith in intergenerational relationships is dangerously compromised .
Solidly MOR fare that should be propping up Channel 5 's Friday night schedule sometime very soon .
Playing out like a gender-flipped Fatal Attraction with a dwindling IQ , it 's comfortably one of the worst films of 2015 to-date , functioning more as an accidental comedy than the steamy erotic thriller it 's billed as .
The Boy Next Door is an absolute scream . Unfortunately , it 's not meant to be .
This is popcorn cinema at its absolute worst -- and I thoroughly enjoyed a disturbingly large amount of it . Though not for the reasons the director probably intended .
Rob Cohen 's half-baked erotic thriller plays like a misguided homage to Eighties video fare and to family-in-peril sagas like Unlawful Entry or Cape Fear .
One of the stupidest films ever made .
Probably the guiltiest pleasure yet of the new millennia , this brims over with unintentional titters ...
This over-the-top affair may be of some interest to those looking for late night schlock , but for most it will mark a low point in Lopez 's career .
Abundantly silly ...
J-Lo is back in the sort of breathtakingly abysmal thriller that , a decade ago , sullied a promising dramatic career .
It 's impossible to imagine a more implausible role as ` Jenny from the Block ' citing Homer 's Odyssey to a classroom of attentive students .
A cheesy TV movie ramped up with language and violence , this sudsy thriller is far more fun to watch than it should be ...
Reaches beyond ordinary laughable movie nonsense to create a moment - only one , alas - that will reign in the annals of cheesy cinematic history .
Putting her best pout forward , Jennifer Lopez throws herself into hilariously bad psychological thriller The Boy Next Door , possibly in a wilful bid to make a cinematic stinker that would obliterate memories of her 2003 folly Gigli .
Jennifer Lopez has serious beefcake issues in this lazy , low-budget , not-as-much-fun-as-it-should-be potboiler .
At points it feels like a competent thriller built on deeply sketchy bones .
If the phrase ` Lifetime move gone bad ' is understandable , you 'll get just how awful this is .
The Boy Next Door does n't exactly aspire to a ` so bad it 's good ' level but it 's so ridiculous that if you insist on suffering through it , while you wo n't get any of the promised thrills , you might get a good laugh .
A thrown together collection of hackneyed and screwball soft porn , toilet humor and predictable violence .
It 's all hilariously ridiculous , but bless J.Lo for trying her mightiest to sell it . If someone 's going to bring sultriness to suburbia , it might as well be Jenny from the Block .
Cheap , obvious and lazy , The Boy Next Door only gets enjoyably , hilariously awful in its final scenes .
I have n't seen a bigger mess in wide release since Dana Carvey 's career-terminating The Master of Disguise .
Improbably overheated , it 's absolutely asinine - a new low for J.Lo - evoking ludicrous memories of ` Gigli . '
Entertaining as any trashy thriller could hope to be .
There are many grades of terrible in Hollywood , and this is pretty nearly the worst .
Why Lopez and Step Up 's Guzman did n't join forces for a sexy dance-off instead of a piss-poor Fatal Attraction-style domestic thriller is beyond me .
... comes off as a perfectly watchable throwback that contains all of the elements that one might 've anticipated -LRB- and hoped for -RRB- ...
Perhaps the The Boy Next Door should have been written as a sequel to the equally abysmal Jennifer Lopez film Enough ; that way , it could have arrived with the critic-friendly title Enough Already .
Sorry J.Lo , but since you also had the gall to executive-produce this shameless turkey , your nickname now is J.New-Low .
It 's badly directed , poorly edited , and features some of the most unconvincing acting this side of a soup commercial .
Regardless of the glee I felt watching this hot mess of a train wreck , it 's not a good film by any standard .
Lopez 's sexy turn as the object of a young man 's obsession is pretty terrible , though plenty enjoyable as a guilty pleasure for its sexually pointed double entendres alone .
You always have to wonder why anybody says yes to a project like this one , but it 's a particularly strange choice on Lopez 's part , since she 's done her best work in movies that dare to empower her .
THE VERDICT The Boy Next Door is the movie you 've already seen countless times before . You do n't need to be a movie buff to know what 'll happen next and unfortunately , the way it all plays out does n't make up for its lack of creativity .
It 's every woman 's worst nightmare : To be trapped in a Nicholas Sparks adaptation that 's gone completely , horribly off the rails . That 's what this movie feels like .
There is only one conceivable explanation for the existence of The Boy Next Door : Jennifer Lopez said , `` What can I do to drive the final nail into my film career 's coffin ? ''
` The Boy Next Door ' does a horrible job channeling ` Fatal Attraction ' and deserves to replace its unfortunate bunny in the stove top pot . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
Do not pay for this movie , do not rent this movie , but if , late one night , you find yourself flipping through channels and you see Jennifer Lopez in her underwear getting it on with a walking , talking six-pack stick around and have some fun .
If you 've never seen a motion picture before , `` The Boy Next Door '' will amaze you with its ability to project huge images of beautiful people onto a screen . Otherwise , it 's nothing to be concerned with .
A failed attempt to match the tension and emotional dynamics of Fatal Attraction .
Ridiculous plot and unfortunately one you 've seen a dozen times before and done better a dozen times ago .
The really sad and annoying aspect of this poorly-conceived script is that we 've seen it ALL before . There is literally nothing new here .
I 've seen worse . Many people rail about Jennifer Lopez ' acting ability , but I 've never thought she was that bad in front of the camera .
There are moments of sexy , and moments of crazy , but as a whole THE BOY NEXT DOOR is not worth paying a visit .
The Boy Next Door is two scenes short of becoming a camp classic . Maybe next time , J-Lo .
The cheese is thick and it smothers everything in `` The Boy Next Door , '' but it 's never quite gooey or spicy enough .
The script just seems to be a mix of cheesy parts of other films and the cast is a random mixture of actors and actresses thrown together as some sort of cinematic experiment .
This howler of a movie is exactly what you 'd expect from the title and its star , a cheesy psychotic stalker thriller which appears to have dropped elements of its plot on the way to the screen .
Is n't this just one big conspiracy by the rich old guys who run Hollywood -LRB- and the world -RRB- to scare sexy women like Jennifer Lopez away from chasing after young hot dudes ?
This is n't a very demanding role for Lopez , but she still fails to carry it off . In fact , nothing about this film is convincing . It all feels notably artificial .
It is n't just bad and ridiculous , it 's fulsomely , wholeheartedly and right down-to-its-DNA bad and ridiculous .
Rather than being good-bad , `` The Boy Next Door '' is just plain bad .
When we 're all sitting in a midnight screening of The Boy Next Door someday , throwing home-baked cookies at the screen , I 'll be the one shouting `` I told you so ! ''
The Boy Next Door is even worse than J.Lo 's last album , which is a hard feat .
Silly , diverting and indefensibly dumb , `` The Boy Next Door '' turns off its brain early , and requires that audiences follow suit .
-LSB- A -RSB- t least the movie becomes more deserving of derision than of scorn .
A dumb , thrill-less thriller .
Gigli exists . Therefore no other Jennifer Lopez movie can be the worst Jennifer Lopez movie ever made . The silly , clichéd , visually irritating The Boy Next Door gives it the ol' high school try , anyhow .
Breathless , uninspired January junk that feels like the iffiest bits of a Lifetime movie and late-night cable schlock slapped together . -LRB- And not erotically . -RRB-
Mr. Cohen , no stranger to delivering pulp product , employs visual clichés as if they were flash cards ; no exposed thigh or made-you-jump reveal goes unexploited .
`` The Boy Next Door '' wants badly to be a cut-rate `` Fatal Attraction , '' but ends up getting more laughs than many comedies .
It is a perfect storm of a worn-out idea , shot with a lack of originality and played out by wooden actors . The Boy Next Door could n't be any worse if they tried .
The entire movie feels like a warning for women of any age : if you act on your desires , you will be punished . And there seems to be no greater punishment than having to watch `` The Boy Next Door . ''
It 's not great . But it 's also not bad . And , in the end , that feels like a win .
... a movie that is so hilariously awful they it is perversely entertaining . It is-at least unintentionally-the laugh-riot of the year .
`` The Boy Next Door '' may end up as one of the worst movies of 2015 , but it is also one of the most entertaining .
another talking point in a career which , by all accounts , has come crashing down around its owner
On a scale of one to Gigli , Jennifer Lopez 's latest cinematic sortie is off the charts .
Lawyer-turned-screenwriter Barbara Curry sticks to the basics with her first script , failing to flesh out her characters while indulging in leapfrogging logic that leads to a weirdly abrupt finish .
A shopworn thriller that succeeds on a rudimentary level . Based on the gender swap of its central idea , it might as well be titled `` Attraction Fatal . ''
It 's unashamedly of the B-movie variety - a quick and easy time-killer .
If it 's trash , it at least has the sense to be gleeful about it .
Do n't we ... and Jennifer Lopez ... deserve better than this routine at best possible guilty pleasure ?
A bottom-of-the-barrel endangered woman thriller that even executives over at Lifetime might have dismissed as too hackneyed to be aired .
`` The Boy Next Door '' is a string of situations in which the actors ' Job One is keeping straight faces while uttering lines like , `` A woman like you should be cherished . ''
What the film needs is a subversive touch , something that does n't play it safe . Otherwise , The Boy Next Door is just another pretty face .
Instead of the criminally realistic , full-bore suspense thriller we might expect , Boy Next Door devolves into inadvertently hilarious Hollywood hokum .
We 're not exactly talking high art here but , even as fun , trashy entertainment , The Boy Next Door falls short of the mark .
Even on Cinemax with Shannon Tweed in the lead in 1994 , The Boy Next Door would still feel laughably overheated and histrionic , low-budget and unhinged .
I wish `` The Boy Next Door '' were a different , zingier sort of mediocrity , but whenever it threatens to go the full Zalman King `` Two Moon Junction '' route , it pulls back and behaves itself and settles for a grindingly predictable series of escalations .
It 's no surprise `` The Boy Next Door '' is junk . What is disappointing is that it 's not fun junk .
Even in this dreck ... it comes as a bit of a surprise how comfortable and appealing Lopez is on camera .
Predictable and foolishly unsuspecting characters react in ways that make you want to shake them . But there 's an undeniable sense of silly fun in this erotic thriller .
An absolute triumph of cheese , served with a generous helping of sleaze .
The well-written thriller is a masterpiece of tension , brought to life by strong performances , a clever plot and ... yeah , of course we 're joking . It 's a crap movie .
The Boy Next Door wastes Lopez 's talents , just as much of the schlock classic actresses like Joan Crawford or Bette Davis appeared in wasted theirs .
Why Lopez decided to do this inept , cliche-infested film is anyone 's guess .
It 's a movie about a young man with an unhealthy mother fixation , but if you go into it expecting something closer to `` Mommie Dearest '' than `` Psycho , '' you 'll probably have a much better time .
It feels rushed , bland and cheap . Not only that , but its ancient Greek metaphors slip too easily from Homer to Sophocles .
Whatever charges you can level at the movie , and they are legion , boring is n't one of them .
This dreadful film mistakes gross violence for thrills and formula setups for action sequences . J-Lo , usually a controlled screen presence , mostly looks hapless here .
One of those casually misogynist scare fests , where a woman is punished for her lust .
So lurid and campy that it registers as inspired , Rob Cohen 's low-budget thriller The Boy Next Door takes a Lifetime Original premise ... and pumps it full of Oedipal references and yellow lighting .
By the end , it 's not much fun at all , but at least it 's over .
Mostly commits to the tamely predictable , with not nearly enough crazy to become awesome crap . -LRB- Rent Left Behind now . -RRB-
Seems destined to become a camp classic of some kind .
Is n't even approachable as junk food , failing to turn flatlining material into deliciously sinful escapism . And here I thought Cohen could n't get any worse than 2012 's `` Alex Cross . '' I stand corrected .
Rob Cohen 's The Boy Next Door flips the gender switch on Fatal Attraction and calls it a day .
Yet another January flop that is n't so much released as written-off by Universal .
Typical January release : predictable , trashy , over-the-top , but not without entertainment value .
It is n't nearly as daring or discomfiting as it could be . It is , however , trashy good fun and impressively steamy .
Boy 's premise reeks of stalker-movie mothballs , and it 's too timid to fully dive into the high camp it hints at .
`` Despite a sidelong glance at Guzman 's behind , the ass-ploitative nature of ` The Boy Next Door ' mostly focuses on Lopez herself , a decision that robs the film of the symbiosis of fear and attraction that makes the erotic thriller such escapist fun . ''
It 's built for dumb , shivery , sexed-up pleasure , and it delivers , albeit somewhat modestly .
The film 's initial formulaic competence gives way to outright preposterousness rather quickly , hinging on idiot-plot character motivations , `` It was only a cat ! '' jump scares and computer files that may as well be labeled `` Evil Schemes , 2012-2014 . ''
As torrid affairs-gone-wrong go , this one 's not juicy enough and way too predictable .
Neither star is very physically believable in her/his role and neither manages to imbue his/her character with much in the way of credible emotion .

@highlight

The Boy Next Door may get a few howls out of fans of stalker thrillers , but for most viewers , it wo n't even rise to `` so bad it 's good '' status .