Enchanting coming-of-age story for kids .
A pure children 's film with an exciting story , genuine characters , and deep messages about life , love , and loss .
It 's a crime what happened to the wonderful African wilderness movie Duma in 2005 . Beautifully directed by veteran Carroll Ballard , Duma fell flat in the United States because of bad timing and abysmal marketing .
A handcrafted masterpiece .
It 's as good as this sort of thing gets , and deserves to be seen in a proper auditorium rather than on DVD .
The film opens with some adorable cheetah cubs , so you 're instantly hooked , but there 's more to this than just a bunch of cute animals .
For those wishing they still made films like The Black Stallion , today is your lucky day .
Visually panoramic , a film that revels in making the expanse of a beautiful place palpable .
Too suspenseful for the youngest children , but for anyone older than 8 or 9 , it evokes nothing less than awe at the harsh beauty of the natural world .
... a beautifully photographed journey that will thrill youngsters and strongly engage adults .
With ravenous alligators and lions on the prowl , Duma delivers familiar adventure , but Ballard refuses to cater to cuteness .
Like its title character , Duma has been left to fend for itself by Warner Bros. , which is barely releasing it . A successful showing this weekend will prove that there really is an audience for this brand of thoughtful , literate family film .
... leads us on a journey -- sometimes humorous , sometimes harrowing , always heartfelt -- that 's well worth taking .
Director Carroll Ballard makes only one type of movie -- family adventures that feature some sort of wildlife . To his credit , however , he does them pretty well .
Director Carroll Ballard ... not only captures stellar images of nature , but feels the call of the wild in his bones .
Chances are excellent that Carroll Ballard 's latest film ` Duma ' is n't playing in a theater anywhere near you . That 's a shame . It 's one of those rare children 's films that actually succeeds in delighting tots and their parents .
Exciting but never violent , deeply emotional but never saccharine , Duma is the sort of solid family film Hollywood is always being criticized for not making any more .
An old-fashion adventure yarn -LSB- and -RSB- an absolutely delightful throwback !
Family films can be simplistic or condescending , but the joy of Carroll Ballard 's work is that it 's neither .
Grabs for the gut by stoking primal understandings about our loving but tragically distant relationship with the wild .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Ballard 's dime-store philosophizing gets schmaltzy , but the emotions seem heartfelt . And as he has done in earlier movies , he incorporates some spectacular backdrops .
Despite the outstanding cast of humans , Duma is the star , and Ballard obviously places a high value on exploring the real behavior of a cheetah , who is cute at times and potentially scary at others .
Ballard gets laughs where he 's supposed to , and thrills in all the right places .
The awww factor of these sequences is huge -- and undeniable .
-LSB- Not The Black Stallion -RSB- , but at least as worthy as any other feature released in the last month .
A visually stunning and quietly moving film of rare beauty .
Duma offers a compelling look at a world filled with beauty and wonder , one that children as well as their parents deserve to see .
Moving and marvelously entertaining .
Unlike many lesser movies aimed at families , this has heart , humor , thrilling adventure and stunning visuals .
one of the better family films to come out in recent memory
I ca n't say enough about that magisterial cheetah .
Ballard may give us some lovely pictures here and startlingly alive images of Africa 's wildlife . But the movie itself is stuffed .
A pleasing fable reminiscent of G-rated nature movies of the '60s and '70s , before kiddie cinema required CGI or hip cultural references .
-LSB- Ballard 's -RSB- pitch-perfect adventure will engage your imagination , no matter your age .
This soulful , piercingly beautiful story about a boy and his cheetah marks the welcome return to the screen of the director Carroll Ballard .
Carroll Ballard still works in his ravishing , nearly pointillistic style of organic visual splendor .
Simultaneously innocent and sophisticated , this honestly emotional fable shows why every Ballard film -- and his last was released almost a decade ago -- is a special event .
Ostensibly a children 's movie , but adults will want to see it , too .
Ballard treats the quandary faced by Xan and Duma with a sure hand .
A drama of uncommon beauty and emotional resonance about a boy 's journey to return his pet cheetah to its natural habitat .
I like it . Maybe not as much as those other pictures , but enough to bemoan a system in which family films have been so geared to kids -LRB- and their parents -RRB- with a kind of attention deficit disorder that it 's inhospitable to a measured piece of storytelling .
Surprisingly flat .
Ballard 's new film not only scales much of the same terrain as Fly Away Home and The Black Stallion but it also exudes their humanist power .
This is an old-fashioned adventure uncomplicated in its telling but rich in meaning . It belongs to a vanishing breed . Treasure it while it remains .
A thrilling and visually stunning entertainment that will excite and enrapture viewers of all ages .
Duma , and the sort of intelligent , visually rich filmmaking it represents , are endangered species .
A disarmingly charming throwback to such old-fashioned humans-and-animals adventure tales as Born Free and Ring of Bright Water .
Exactly the sort of movie parents starved for a good family picture in the theaters should be seeking out .
It 's an extraordinary film , and intelligent younger viewers in particular may be enthralled by it .
... stays wild at heart even as it tugs at ours .
Carroll Ballard has created in Duma another remarkable story of people and wild animals set against a rugged landscape .
It really is in the best sense of it , a good family film .
Like the eponymous cat , it 'll leave you feeling warm and fuzzy .
When I saw it , Ballard 's knack for boring small children was intact , but this time the movie is so dramatically inert that even the best-intentioned parents probably wo n't require their kids to sit through it .
This intelligent , beautifully made production is a welcome reprieve from such crass -LRB- if successful -RRB- family pics as Are We There Yet ? and The Pacifier .
-LRB- Carroll -RRB- Ballard -LRB- Fly Away Home -RRB- is simply the best in the business when it comes to corralling wild animals into the constraints of feature films .
Cat fanciers and adventure lovers will like Duma , an engaging story of a boy and his cheetah .
While it would hold up well against other routine kiddie-animal matinees , all through `` Duma '' I kept thinking of last summer 's -LRB- similiar but superior -RRB- `` Two Brothers . ''
Kids and animals are often a risky combination , but put them together in a movie such as Duma and you have a winning team .



@highlight

This is an old-fashioned , richly textured family film that will appeal to children and adults alike .