Even though Burying the Ex shambles through the motions like an actual zombie , it inherently has a good spirit and is trying so desperately to entertain . And that 's more than can say about a lot of other horror films ...
... one ca n't help but wonder what drew folks like Yelchin and Dante to such substandard , subpar material .
A modest return-to-form -LSB- for Joe Dante -RSB- .
`` Burying the Ex '' may not be a breakthrough along the lines of `` Gremlins , '' but it is a cheerily macabre lark and a welcome fresh entry to Dante 's oeuvre .
Joe Dante has gifted the world great cinematic treats , such as creature feature Gremlins , sci-fi comedy adventure Innerspace , and the love letter to the cinema , Matinee . Alas , Burying the Ex will not be thought of with such reverence in the future .
For Dante 's reputation , it would be best that the movie should itself be buried without an identifying headstone .
First , the bad news . This is Joe Dante 's worst film . There is no good news .
Despite some endearing performances and an amusing throwback vibe , the film runs predictably through a threadbare concept that is n't consistently funny or scary .
never reaches the levels of absurdist gross-out anti-rom-com comedy to which it clearly aspires
A Joe Dante movie I did n't like ?!? Oh , well . It was bound to happen at least once .
... it does make for a pretty fun and crackling film .
I refuse to believe Burying The Ex is a Joe Dante production , as it 's far too lifeless and drab . Sorry . I just do n't buy it .
It 's a lot of fun , and Dante 's heart is palpably in it .
Coming from one of the great , unsung masters of satirical horror-comedy , Joe Dante , it 's surprising that this otherwise likable movie is such a disappointment .
Pays its respect to the genre and is ideal for a drive-in experience where the popcorn butter flows like blood .
The cast is game but ultimately BURYING THE EX does n't work as either a comedy or a horror flick .
Even masters have their off days ... and Dante 's new picture , `` Burying The Ex , '' seems to have been made over the course of quite a few of them .
Dante has always been at least as much of a comedian as a monster fan , and the film has plenty of gruesome dark humor about embalming fluid and rigor mortis .
The freedom of the director 's best work is missing .
The film is stuffed full of horror references and aimed at genre lovers , and yet there is nothing in the film that is new .
-LSB- Director Joe Dante 's -RSB- latest film ... hearkens back to his very early work . This is a cheesy , modestly budgeted horror comedy that should find its niche audience .
`` Burying the Ex '' is a genre-mashing low for Dante .
a plainly executed geek show with nothing for horror geeks to get excited about .
How did the guy who made `` Gremlins '' and `` The Howling '' direct this cheap-looking , sophomoric , unfunny dreck ?
The cast is game to try anything , but there 's just not much here for them to work with . Like most zombies , `` Burying the Ex '' is an idea that should have stayed dead .
Joe Dante 's `` Burying the Ex '' is missing the key ingredient every good zombie movie needs : brains .
One gets the sense that Dante 's gifts are better served by big sandbox productions like the underrated Looney Tunes : Back In Action , which allow him to pursue any and every idea .
it does n't take long for the awful Burying The Ex to evaporate its conceptual promise into a cloud of smutty jokes and half-considered ideas .
Dante has n't been able to hit his stride in awhile , and unfortunately his latest filmBurying the Exis a lazy and uninspired attempt to recapture the old magic .
`` Burying the Ex '' is hilarious , icky , and smartly made , reinforcing Dante 's gifts as a storyteller and his endearing appreciation for shock value and uncomfortable laughs .
A zombie breakup movie whose best joke might be its all-the-description-you-need title .
Jonathan Hall 's garish cinematography makes the whole movie look like a psychedelic mortuary . The screenplay , by Alan Trezza , is deadly , no pun intended .
It alternates awkwardly between shrill , borderline misogynistic sex farce and desperately gory , pun-rife creature feature .
A strained sexist rom-com .
The scariest thing about Burying the Ex is that there are screenwriters and producers who believe there 's an audience for this sub-Entourage swill .
What we get here is not a reinvention , it 's the wholesale reanimation of something that had been buried for a long while . Like the shambling zombie corpse it is , initially we 're glad to see it come back to life , but pretty soon it starts to decompose .
Despite a game trio of leads , Joe Dante 's zombie rom-com disappoints with its outmoded sexism and indifferent visuals .
The film switches gears between genres with Dante 's customary ease , even if none of it goes particularly deep .

@highlight

Burying the Ex boasts flickers of director Joe Dante 's former flair , but neither the concept nor its execution live up to the standard set by his best efforts .