A dreary downer .
A Tale of Love and Darkness is a sincere , heartfelt , and enormously emotionally impactful viewing experience , and is one of my favorite films released in 2016 .
A solid historical drama that shows Portman 's talent to get behind the camera after years of dazzling us in front of it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While the film does n't soar , it 's an honorable labor of love that 's surely one of the most unusual features ever made by an Oscar-winning Hollywood actress .
Portman 's conviction in the material oozes from this deeply poetic debut .
Natalie Portman 's first directed film turned into a beautiful piece of art , honoring a brilliant memoir and important time in history .
A Tale of Love and Darkness maps the chaos of the founding of the modern Jewish state onto the dissolution of this family .
Though the tone is sometimes gloomy and nostalgic , Portman pours her heart into every moment , showing her devotion to Oz and to Israel , the country of her birth .
Portman 's biopic of Israeli writer is earnest , ethereal .
Portman 's ability to convey this rich borscht of people , place , and inescapable history is flavourful indeed . So it 's unfortunate that , while getting so many difficult things right , she makes an almost equal number of missteps on the easy stuff .
Whereas Oz 's material , at its best , considers the nuances and subtleties of language , Portman 's script reduces his writing to platitudes and cliches .
Portman takes the film 's title literally , offering some dreamlike imagery in the stories Fania tells Amos . But it also is filled with many dim and dreary sequences , as Portman uses a dark palette that seems to suck the life out of Fania .
Portman and Tessler distractingly take turns playing the lead , causing the film to lose continuity . A flaw worsened by a tale that frustratingly rambles in spots , particularly when Portman indulges her inner Ingmar Bergman .
Because the film tells her complicated story through the eyes of her son , he has to have a staggering amount of intuition . Fortunately , his childhood innocence does n't deter the audience from understanding the nuance of his mother 's struggle .
... an abject failure that just does n't work on any level ...
A sincere , heartfelt movie .
Portman makes bold visual choices and sticks to a personal , if at times trying , aesthetic strategy . She 's a real filmmaker .
-LSB- T -RSB- he material turns to melodrama , simply so that the resolution can be tied up neatly .
Portman ... paints a portrait of the Jewish state 's fraught history , all with the confident authority of a filmmaker who is years beyond her debut .
A Tale of Love and Darkness loses itself in dreamy imagery , in its studiously crafted aesthetic . But there are times when Portman lets the toughness , the tenacity , the emotional heart of Oz 's story shine through .
Although A Tale of Love and Darkness is beautifully depressing and offers moments that linger , it plays on the surface rather than digging more deeply into the heart of its story .
While A Tale of Love and Darkness is often difficult to watch -- because of all the sadness it presents -- it is also a beautiful film in that it makes us think about existing in a world where we do not completely fit in .
-LSB- Portman -RSB- has filmed the book according to its emotional meaning to her , and that 's fine . What she has n't done is whip it into shape as a compelling movie .
A passion project for the Jerusalem-born Portman and told primarily in Hebrew , she shows early promise behind the camera .
Unfortunately , darkness seems to have prevailed over love in a tale that falls flat .
A good start for Portman , with promise of better things to come .
Portman gives a great performance as Fania , but as the director she seems worried about letting the character take over the movie .
`` A Tale of Love and Darkness '' is a dead film , an eminently worthy corpse .
Every frame of A Tale of Love and Darkness reflects Natalie Portman 's passionate striving and her grieving heart .
Though Love and Darkness has moments of self-conscious artiness , as many first films do , Portman , very sure as to what she wanted , has made certain not to overstate the story 's potent emotions , and that has made the difference .
Achieving both a literary and painterly feel , Portman 's refreshingly stereotype-free portrayal of Jewish families in Jerusalem during this period is a lovely tribute to both a great writer and his muse .
... unfocused and excessively somber , managing only a fraction of the intended emotional impact .
I admire the attempt more than the execution , which is often irretrievably dour . But throughout the film , there are moments when its people and their predicaments come alive .
Tonally , the film does n't quite match with the universality of Oz 's shimmering prose . Yet Portman 's evocation of this world has a strange , captivating pull .
Portman has an artistic vision worth sharing and developing .
To her credit , Portman makes smart use of silence and lets actors ' faces do the communicating . She depicts violence discreetly .
It mostly succeeds in capturing the nuances of an event that continues to arouse passionate debate to this day .
The sort of mistily pretty literary adaptation where everyone speaks in complete sentences pregnant with imagery and meaning , and where historic events serve largely to try the souls of the characters , who in turn try the audience ...
A sobering and insightful screen rendition of Amos Oz 's memoir .
Portman 's solemn , accomplished film allows viewers to begin to imagine such lives , not simply in relation to Palestine in the '40s , but also whenever we are confronted with the faces of migrants and refugees in our streets and on our screens .
A flawed but worthwhile effort - a deeply personal project , but not one so delicate that it 's easily mocked .
Portman 's emotional connection to the material could n't be more obvious , yet the film itself is still largely inert .
Despite the geopolitical momentousness - and present-day potency - of its concerns , it 's an elegant and intimate movie , a thing of nostalgic whispers and sighs rather than polemical slogans and shouts .
Feels like a movie that left critical portions of its essential backstories on the cutting room floor , with only somberness to fill in the gaps .
This is a film with tears on the verge of falling and an elegy at the tip of its tongue .
A Tale of Love and Darkness is an adaptation of Amos Oz 's memoir that 's bleak and out-of-focus , but not without some intriguing direction from Natalie Portman .
Is this like a parody of European filmmaking ?
Portman keeps her scenes short and her film barreling along , and if she ca n't resist the occasional jarring close-up or unnecessary insert shot , she also exhibits daring and curiosity ...
A Tale of Love and Darkness might not say quite what it wants to , but that 's because it has so much on its mind .
This is a failure that deserves credit mainly for its good intentions -- and for its potential to attract new readers to Oz 's work .
The mix of political history and intimate psychology never quite combine .
In the end , this moving film triumphantly captures the tragic and beautiful story told in the book .
A vignette-laden biopic based on Israeli writer Amos Oz 's autobiographical novel , Portman 's affectionate portrait of the artist as a young boy verges on hagiography . Her own performance as Oz 's loving mother is the real thing , though .
There is a tendency throughout `` A Tale Of Love And Darkness '' to address knotty interactions and heated politics with pat and almost naive pronouncements .
It has an unusual , and possibly unique , perspective on Israeli psychology , and Portman demonstrates she possesses a confident grasp of film-making fundamentals .
Portman adores Oz 's book and its characters so much that she never quite digs deeply enough to bring them to life .
The autobiography of Amos Oz , one of Israel 's best-known writers , gives structure to Natalie Portman 's sensitive if somewhat unfocused directing bow , A Tale of Love and Darkness .
Natalie Portman wrote , directed and starred in this well-meaning but dreary adaptation of Amos Oz 's autobiography .

@highlight

A Tale of Love and Darkness suggests greater things for debuting writer-director Natalie Portman -- even if its reach slightly exceeds her creative grasp .