Una película interesante , si bien no original , sobre lo que significa crecer siendo un niño prodigio . Sorprendentes actuaciones de los pequeños protagonistas , junto al veterano y experto Bruno Ganz .
I alternately wanted to slap and hug the majority of the characters
Newcomer Teo Gheorghiu does a fantastic job of bringing the title character to life ...
-LSB- Twelve-year-old lead actor -RSB- Gheroghiu 's subtle acting ... makes the somewhat fantastical plot threads that drive the second half of the film believable , and turns what was a somewhat bloodless family drama into a cleverly constructed tale void of life-af
Like a gifted youngster , ` Vitus ' does n't fulfill its potential .
... fairy tales are really horror shows , and the idea of children as anything other than miniature adults with the full complement of ugly motives is a relatively recent one .
The less you know about the storyline the better , but there are elements of a buddy movie , a super scam , and love story in this film about a 12 year old wunderkind who has the smarts to make his dreams soar
Oh , yes . I loved the music , but it 's almost impossible to go wrong with Bach and Schumann .
Director/co-writer Fredi M. Murer provides some whimsically absurd twists in this gentle observation of the travails of growing up .
-LSB- An -RSB- appealing and crowd-pleasing film .
Anyone who 's been or borne a gifted child will smile with recognition at Vitus , which always keeps us guessing but connected to the young superman of the title .
It 's a simple , gentle tale that pulls its audience in almost imperceptibly ; by its end , you just might be blinking away unexpected tears .
Its heart is never anywhere but in the right place .
A good example of making the differences work for you . Deep down , this is a film about childhood dreams and the determination to make those dreams come true . With such a positive message , you ca n't help yodeling on your exit from the theater .
... inconsequential fun that sells out the human story with an abrupt third-act turn from childhood rebellion to junior con game .
If you suspend your disbelief , you will be rewarded with fine performances and a feel-good message that is n't cloying or sentimental .
There are some likable elements to this unusual , erratic , ultimately frustrating film .
The more sentimentally inclined in the audience may even feel like applauding .
-LSB- A -RSB- celebratory , family-friendly fable .
Vitus freaks you out , but its makers seem to have no idea that it does .
If I had to select one movie genre to never withstand again , it would be the precocious - child-shows - adults-the - way-to - a-better - more-heartwarming - future drama , a genre the new Vitus practically defines .
While the metaphor here may be too literal for some tastes , Murer shows how our families also give us the wings to fly .
The cast is superb , especially the young actors who portray Vitus ; -LSB- Teo -RSB- Gheorghiu is a real-life piano prodigy , lending an extra frisson to the intoxicating music that plays throughout the film .
Gheorghiu 's bad-seed severity has a creepy undercurrent .
A touching and inspirational fantasy , buoyed by splendid music and considerable humor .
In addition to the rich classical music on its score -LRB- with piano solos played by Gheorgiu who is a real-life musical prodigy -RRB- , the film boasts strong performances by Ganz as the understanding grandparent and Jenkins and Jucker as the boy 's parents .
Directed with a conspicuous lack of inspiration .
We 're supposed to be convinced that -LSB- Vitus has -RSB- proved himself a normal kid in spite of his virtuoso skills , not because of them . It 's a bit of a stretch , but he 's got the long fingers for it .
Director Fredi Murer strains too hard for it to be something more , a magical opus about childhood and taking flight , in this instance literally and figuratively . You wind up feeling manipulated instead of emotionally moved .
The film is charming and often funny , but under all that sweetness are some very sharp observations about contemporary life .
Vitus 's cool intelligence , knotty narrative and precise performances make it a pleasure to watch even when it sends mixed messages about the true nature of its protagonist .
Vitus , a fizzy domestic fairy tale from Switzerland , gives you a lift , as it revels in the oddball joy of genius as kid power .
A lot more interesting , and challenging , than its premise suggests .
Some of the moments of whimsy seem calculated specifically to cut together a theatrical trailer .
It is , without question , a masterful picture , a truly heartwarming winner that 's about as pure and as fantastic as even the most timeless fairy tale .
A good last half makes up for a slow first half ... watching the incredibly talented Gheorghiu play the piano -LRB- is -RRB- worth the price of admission .
Murer is a skillful director and has crafted a crowd-pleasing story that will have particular appeal to mature ` tweeners .
Genius weighs heavily on a child prodigy who longs to be ` normal ' in this charming Swiss import from veteran director Fredi M. Murer .
considers the adult world , and the genius coming of age in it , with delicacy , compassion , and the subtle humor of the human comedy at large .
This was Switzerland 's entry for the 2006 Oscars , and you can see why . Like most award-seeking crowd-pleasers , it places uncomfortable impulses in opposition then dramatizes them in the most unchallenging way imaginable .
Veteran Swiss filmmaker Fredi M. Murer 's sentimental fable about a child prodigy and his difficulty fitting in with a world of ordinary people is poised somewhere between Searching For Bobby Fisher and Little Man Tate .
There are few movies more infuriating than those that completely misjudge our reaction to their main characters -- and Vitus , alas , is at the head of that class .
If writer-director Fredi Murer had sparked a more rebellious spirit within the project , he might have made a truly memorable fantasy for both children and adults .
A charming coming-of-age drama featuring a protagonist who becomes a modern-day anti-Icarus .
Even cynics might find it hard to resist .
a sort of goofy espionage sans a villain with a ridiculous haircut .
To those of us for whom there can never be enough film dramas with a classical music backdrop , Vitus comes as a bit of a disappointment .
An enchanting Swiss movie about a musical prodigy and his loving grandfather who nurtures his dream and gives him the space to be himself .
The film pushes an off-putting message about unchecked privilege that reeks of capitalist pigdom .
As in Full Moon , director Fredi M. Murer brings a delicately sweet but never cloying sensibility .
As a parable of fairy-tale genius coping with a world of normality , Vitus is enriching satire .
` Vitus ' could show a blank screen , play the soundtrack , and still be more intelligent than half the movies at the multiplex .
It is the rare family film that never condescends and offers enough of a story to entertain both parent and child .
Old-fashioned but enjoyable and touching , the Swiss Vitus contributes to a growing body of films about dilemmas faced by a child prodigy and his parents , much in the vein of Seraching for Bobby Fischer ; as the boy 's grandfather , Bruno Ganz is terrific
One soaring performance not nearly enough
Vitus packs an emotional wallop of the standing ovation variety during its final 20 minutes , even if the road there is long and windy .
Pic is a fine example of old-fashioned story-telling and also will dance wherever detailed character development and leisurely-paced drama are appreciated .
Although a tad sentimental , Vitus is charming and smart in how it deals with its fascinating central character , a very young child prodigy , and the problems he experiences because of his overheated brain power .




@highlight

Though not highly original , Vitus is slightly redeemed by its charm and compelling performances .