The bottom line is that if you focus on its message , The Giver has some very important things to say . You just might find yourself a little frustrated with the information you get -LRB- or rather , do n't get -RRB- along the way .
Despite the impressive cast -LRB- Taylor Swift has a cameo -RRB- , performances are uneven .
The performances by all the characters are adequate , but the story had a friend and me riveted to the screen . But then , we like movies that are actually about something .
This movie adaption does not live up to the book .
We return to the same problem of screen adaptations and all the expectations that summons , unleashes , exalts but finally disappoints . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Noyce tries to thread the needle by hewing close to his source material while peppering in some grander-scale sci-fi business to keep things moving . It does n't remotely work .
An experience not unlike downloading a once trendy pop song on iTunes , only to discover it 's been feebly re-recorded .
Another adaptation of a popular young adult novel
A seriously flawed adaptation of a wonderful book that tries to focus too heavily on elements best left to more recent post-apocalyptic adventures instead of the bittersweet agony of Lois Lowry 's original story .
Wrapped in an exciting movie with beautiful special effects , ` The Giver ' makes the case for the beauty of grown-up freedom .
Due to its relentless action-film momentum , much of the book 's central themes of humanity and love conquering all are entirely lost .
Brenton Thwaites ' maverick teenager rebels but this bland sci-fi adventure conforms to type .
It gives a little and does n't take a lot .
... muddled and heavy-handed , and not as powerful as intended , but at least it 's intellectually ambitious , both for newcomers to the material and for its legions of fans who will crave for the launching of another franchise .
Vaguely enjoyable but rather pedestrian-a quasi-Pleasantville .
Not surprisingly , the acting is first-rate , with the moments between Bridges ' Giver and Thwaites ' Receiver forming the heart of the movie .
Yet another young adult novel gets squashed into a bland , Saturday afternoon time-waster .
The fatal irony at the heart of The Giver is too hilariously blatant to ignore : here is a dystopian teen drama about the perils of sameness that feels exactly like all of the other movies in its increasingly crowded genre .
It 's an intelligent , accomplished , unpadded thriller , and one suitable for the children .
It just looks like a low-rent mishmash of Divergentand The Hunger Games , recycling riffs from Logan 's Run with sets and costumes lifted from Bill and Ted 's Bogus Journey .
The Giver is a solid , soft sci-fi entertainment with plenty of talented folks attached .
The Giver has its moments , but generally fails to convince the viewer of the credibility of the world it inhabits .
Robert B Weide of Curb Your Enthusiasm fame co-wrote the screenplay but , sadly , none of the debunking wit of that series is found in this solemn , sappy fable .
Young adults impatient for the next instalment of The Hunger Games will find plenty to enjoy in this thriller based on the Lois Lowry novel .
Noyce has an innate and remarkable ability to capture landscape with sensitivity , giving depth to the teenage blockbuster and even allowing adult audiences the chance to evaluate their own individuality .
It makes for one of this overcrowded field 's stronger entries , refusing to redact entirely the baby-slaying weirdness that permits Lois Lowry 's source novel its multiplicity of grown-up readings ...
Perhaps too slow for audiences used to the cut and thrust of Katniss Everdeen , this nevertheless quietely makes its mark .
A very simplistic Dystopia for Dummies - with a bit of Terrence Malick for Dummies thrown in - and inoffensive enough until it devolves into all kinds of stupid .
A bold and astute coming-of-age story with an impressive leading turn by Brenton Thwaites .
While Thwaites has visual appeal , he struggles to give us the layered , conflicted hero this film needs . Without it , The Giver is little more than stylish but saccharine entertainment for teens .
It takes a while to get going , but as The Giver marches towards its ending , it begins to tie together the weightier themes it 's exploring .
By adding spurious action and making the characters older than in the novel , the makers of The Giver sell-out the story ; a project which prizes individuality should n't so slavishly adhere to the Divergent-school of teenage drama .
It 's special because it focuses on the interior lives of its characters .
While I did n't mind the set-up , The Giver stumbles to the finish line by offering us a rushed , predictable finale .
The allegorical framework starts to look contrived , and things feel far too rushed and glib after an involving start .
Bem mais rico em seu design de produção do que em sua história .
The Giver is one of those teen-oriented `` high-concept '' films that shows no interest in the basic narrative principles of coherence , yet demands to be taken seriously . And it 's boring !
The problems show up during the climactic action sequences . Logic is jettisoned and once that happens , the basic flaws in the whole scenario become all too obvious .
It 's the flurry of memories filtering back into our minds of past events that makes us realise that we 're in a controlled world that wo n't allow new ideas .
Phillip Noyce has cast the film to ensure it has gravitas and we are engaged : Meryl Streep and Jeff Bridges are the representatives of the two ends of the philosophical divide
With consummate skill , director Phillip Noyce orchestrates all the complexities of the tale and its parallels with the state of the world , blending together its fantasy and thriller elements with a rich emotional heart
... the film does n't completely go off the rails until it enters its action-packed final stretch ...
A gentler , more thought-provoking look than most YA-based dystopian films .
Pain makes life colorful in dystopian adaptation .
A solid thriller brimming with interesting ideas -- and only feels derivative because other titles have gotten to the screen first .
This might be an anti-pharmaceutical , anti-cult , anti-plot , anti-suspense allegory . It could also just be Thanksgiving at your robot-zombie in-laws .
Tear it down and start all over again .
It panders shamelessly to young viewers and current trends with a story that is guaranteed to cause discomfort in no one except fans of narrative logic .
For much of the movie , viewers will be asking themselves where the conflict is . And , by extension , the drama .
Even though `` The Giver '' does n't feel as original as it 's source material deserves , it 's still a credible film that should rise above most of it 's competition .
Jeff Bridges is so amusingly philosophic in the spectacular role of mentor and sage - the overly experienced veteran who has so much to share with his younger cast mates but needs to pick and choose his moments .
Provides some food for thought .
There 's nothing here you have n't seen before , or themes that have not been better explored . But that 's just the cusp of its unrelenting dullness .
As a book , The Giver will doubtless continue to thrill school kids , but the film version wo n't be enjoying a comparable shelf life .
You purists out there will have to decide for yourselves whether you want to see this adaptation of the Lois Lowry classic that 's often read and discussed in middle schools
A well-made movie that could have been a lot more entertaining , but also a lot less intelligent . I 'll take it .
The Giver is more simple and raw than the rest of today 's teen dystopias that try to cram in unnecessary backstory and love triangles .
As Jonas , Brenton Thwaites brings thoughtful wonder to the role of a young man who is thrilled and frightened by what he learns .
The magic gets lost in translation .
In the ranks of dystopian YA-targeted motion pictures , this one can stand alongside its peers .
In ` The Giver ' the only actor allowed to dig into his role is Jeff Bridges , as the title character who is in charge of holding and caring for mankind 's memories .
Part Logan 's Run , part 1984 - plus a lot of pretentiousness - this dystopian film at least offers an appealing young star in Brenton Thwaites .
The Giver is a surprisingly generic addition to the young adult film genre - especially for a story that champions individuality and self-expression .
The filmmakers spend so little time world-building beyond the Community itself that -LSB- the plot -RSB- plays as ridiculous as it sounds .
The Giver does n't deliver more than a feeble anti-fascist fable and a forgettable appearance from Taylor Swift -- which does n't seem like much of a gift at all .
The movie never really sheds its chilly Orwellian vibe , and its chief idea -- that only The Giver and Jonas can truly feel -- is contradicted by the supposedly blanked-out citizens who , in fact , appear to have feelings indeed , albeit nasty ones .
It benefits from a talented cast and handsome cinematography , yet its initial concept never gets fleshed out , and the world it creates remains unfinished .
Another day , another YA dystopia .
Thwaites and Rush have zero chemistry , and their lifeless scenes together undermine the entire film .
It feels like there 's so much more to this journey than what we 're allowed to see .
While entertaining , it 's a shame that The Giver , after so many years in production and with a story about the importance of individuality , would fall in line with the conventions of young-adult drama rather than allow its soul to speak for itself .
All this dystopia has given me dyspepsia . Get me `` Children of God , '' stat .
The Giver may satisfy the legions that have read the book , but is a rather predictable , mediocre film .
A dystopian flop .
There 's enough that 's fundamentally good in the meat of film not to wholly reject what The Giver is giving us .
Lois Lowry took chances with her novel . The movie of The Giver takes none . It 's safe , sorry and a crashing bore .
A cogent morality play about love , memory , and what is needed for a full and rich life .
`` The Giver ' is a bit of a dud on-screen , and we might have seen it coming - writing about an emotionless society is one thing , filming one is quite another .
You can tell why the source material is considered entry-level literature assigned to middle schoolers as the gravitas of Bridges and Streep are the only thing that keeps this movie from blowing away into the ether .
Everybody should just calm down and let Hologram Streep do her job . Dang .
A movie that plays like a low-rent Logan 's Run crossed with a UNICEF commercial .
Distinguished mainly by its transparent box-office calculation . In genre terms , it does just about everything wrong .
It felt like at the start of every scene I was getting one of those emotion-suppressing injections .
... feels like a retread of so many films that have come before it , `` Divergent '' by way of `` Pleasantville '' topped off with `` Citizen Kane 's '' talismanic Rosebud .
The road to `` The Giver '' was paved with good intentions -- and potholes deep enough to bury it .
Despite a truly pained performance from Jeff Bridges and a beautifully imagined , three-dimensional futuristic world , `` The Giver , '' in wanting to connect itself to more recent YA franchises , sacrifices subtlety , inference and power .
While our characters on screen are going through an emotional awakening , the audience is being put to sleep .
The movie appears always on the verge of diving into the workings of this world , but instead , it stands cautiously on the edge .
Another week , another movie about a special adolescent who saves society from the forces of darkness .
Noyce , working from an adaptation by screenwriters Michael Mitnick and Robert B. Weide , finds a compelling through-line ...
`` The Giver '' offers more than just the standard clamorous post-apocalyptic claptrap that fuels far too many films these days .
The story feels watered down and less powerful .
For a movie with a derivative of give in the title this one has very little to give . If Jeff Bridges and Meryl Streep ca n't save a movie , it ca n't be saved .
As one in a long line of YA adaptations , The Giver may test some viewers ' patience , but director Phillip Noyce brings his own unique visual style to the proceedings , adding a bit of flair to the story 's well-worn structure and superficial themes .
For those coming to the film cold , The Giver may feel old hat ... For fans of -LSB- the book -RSB- , though , there will be more than enough here that is recognizable .
The enervating hash of dystopian dread , vague religiosity and commercial advertising-style uplift is nothing if not stale .
Not even Streep and Bridges can lift The Giver beyond the level of a post-apocalyptic after-school special .
Possessing of a visually arresting palette but a narcoleptic narrative , this young-adult novel adaptation delivers mostly boredom .
The truth is that it 's dim , perfunctory and wide-eyed , at least in every moment when Bridges is n't on the screen .
`` The Giver '' was ahead of its time as a book . But as a movie , it 's too late .
Despite these missteps , The Giver should still be pleasing to the specific target audience to whom it 's aimed .
For a movie about the importance of emotion , The Giver is surprisingly inert , and also clumsy about hitting its beats .
By staying true to what Ms. Lowry envisioned , this film ends up as washed-out as the world she created .
It 's the latest in the long line of movies made from novels set in a dystopian future where a young person has heroism thrust upon their slim shoulders ... Yet , taken on its own , it 's a well-made and effectively told morality tale .
Once you 've gotten the lesson at the heart of the film , the rest of The Giver seems almost redundant . It 's rather a problem .
In the end , the film practically collapses under its own ... hmm , what 's the opposite of ` weight ' ?
If the movie hits ominous notes , they 've all been heard many times before ...
A family-friendly dystopian nightmare that wo n't offend anyone but wo n't get them very excited , either .
It changes some plot points , but more important it lacks the resonance and mythic quality of Lowry 's literary allegory .
If the literary aspects of `` The Giver '' sometimes fall flat , at least the cinematic ones sparkle .
Noyce is a gifted director with a track record of engaging films , but the very emotions stolen from his characters -- excitement , fear , passion and joy -- are equally missing from his movie .
It is director of photography Ross Emery 's magnificent use of color and montage that elicits the most emotional response in the viewer . His slow introduction of color ... pulls the plot forward as much as the action .
The film begins to get a bit lost as the story develops and pushes toward a wobbly climax and conclusion .
Incredibly , this screen adaptation is rated PG-13 , which means that parents , who will probably find it excruciatingly simpleminded , are cautioned to keep it away from their middle school children , the only viewers who might possibly enjoy it .
This is n't a terrible movie . It just falls flat , in almost every way . It exists and not much else .
The internal crisis of its protagonist amounts to the flicking of an on/off switch rather than the ebb and flow of a consciousness being born .
The screenplay is stiff and literal , while direction from Philip Noyce is confused , unable to conquer genuinely poor acting and make sense out of this funereal futureworld adventure .
`` The Giver '' takes a tortured individual 's dilemma and turns it into societal question : If our emotions make us human , but our emotions keep leading us into catastrophe , how much of our essence are we willing to give up just get some peace ?
The filmmakers definitely get the visuals right across the board . Things go wrong elsewhere , however .
The good news is that The Giver is an assuredly directed , stylistically adventurous parable that does a surprisingly moving job of celebrating the many emotional colors of the human experience - as messy as they can often be .
Fans of the book are probably the most likely audience , but they 're also the ones who are most apt to be bugged about tinkering with the details of the book .
Despite the short running time , The Giver feels dull , with a bland hero that 's tough to invest in .
The filmmakers could not decide which theme to fully follow : freaky sci-fi , teen love , or ominous commentary on humanity .
Despite its anti-authoritarian themes , this is a thoroughly corporate product .
An ambitious film that addresses what it means to be human . It unabashedly appeals to our better natures . In a world addicted to irony , it is unapologetically sincere . Adults as well as children should go see this fantastic film .
Mostly the problem is that every aspect of The Giver feels both painfully familiar and like an awkward , unsupportable stretch .
In the movies , as in life , timing is everything . In the case of The Giver it 's a movie that 's several years too late .
The formula has grown very stale , particularly in this surprisingly tepid telling . It 's not even worthy of re-gifting ; just return for a refund .
It is the kind of film that is almost entirely made up of world-building and exposition with just a token amount of story progression tacked on in the final reel .
Reaches ponderous and hits cruise control .
Relentless , oppressive humorlessness ... It ca n't even get much mileage out of having our earnest lead get schooled by The Dude .
`` The Giver '' gives off an air of wearying familiarity , without much in the way of design wiles or cinematic wonder beyond the spectacle of Streep competing for her share of the movie against her own hair .
This major influence on today 's new class of dystopian YA smashes now looks like just another greedy knockoff on-screen -- a monochromatic Divergent , or something similar .
In a too-crowded world of young-adult franchises , mostly it succeeds best at providing only what its villains so fervently desire - unsurprising , unrelenting sameness .
The story 's beautiful packaging does n't make up for the way it has been commercialized .
Director for hire Phillip Noyce and his screenwriters refuse to grapple with the material in any way that might be identifiably creative , content to shape the movie into a snack between Hunger Games .
What was once a pioneering story now looks like just another knock-off .
Too bad that this junior version of Fahrenheit 451 turned out drippy ... It 's odd to watch a film about the rediscovery of love , faith , passion , and color , and for the film to be so by-the-numbers colorless .
The central premise - that wildness of spirit is n't something to be tamed , no matter how messy it makes our lives - is an enduring one , and well served by Jeff Bridges in the title role .
While fans of the original work might get into this filmed adaptation , I came in cold and left even chillier in terms of appreciating what the movie was trying to be and how all of that was executed . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Smart , well-acted and very well-directed , but VERY late to the whole Teens-Save-the-Future genre .
The Giver lets you watch a novel bit of social sci-fi turn into another Hunger Games pretender before your very eyes .
How I wish the film spent more time unfolding its particular mythology , building its conflict to an organic breaking point , rather than rashly pushing everything over the edge .
Author Lois Lowry 's prize-winning young adult book has n't made a smooth translation to the silver screen .
There are a few hiccups from the book 's transition to screen , but more often than not , Noyce 's picture is an entertaining and thoughtful adaptation .
A thought-provoking meditation on mind control offering a valuable lesson about the virtue of challenging any totalitarian authority .
-LSB- The Giver is -RSB- handsomely directed by Phillip Noyce and -LSB- features -RSB- an appealing , sure-footed cast of emerging and veteran actors .
It 's hard to get excited about a movie based around such a bland premise that never ventures too far beyond the most obvious and expected places .
An agreeable YA riff on Orwell - via Logan 's Run - topped with the kind of magic-transformative baloney that passes for an ending in too many otherwise-fine Hollywood adventures ...
`` The Giver '' reaches the screen in a version that captures the essence of Lowry 's affecting allegory but little of its mythic pull - a recipe likely to disappoint fans while leaving others to wonder what all the fuss was about .
On film , the book falters , more weighted by ideas than by story or character .
Uniformity muddies The Giver 's core message , and without a compelling story or central character it 's not a film you 'll want to receive .
For a motion picture taking place within a population suffocated by its own sameness , `` The Giver '' dazzles and provokes as a rallying cry in favor of the irreplaceable messiness and beauty that life has to offer .
A beautiful and memorable adaptation of the beloved Lois Lowry book . Fans of the novel will not be disappointed .

@highlight

Phillip Noyce directs The Giver with visual grace , but the movie does n't dig deep enough into the classic source material 's thought-provoking ideas .