The Five-Year Engagement is sweet without being saccharine and real without being gloomy .
At more than the two hours , The Five-Year Engagement outstays its welcome like a drunken , microphone-hogging best man .
There is an extremely satisfying , mature , giddy happy ending , even while future issues remain unresolved .
Probably should have just focused on the Chris Pratt and Alison Brie characters .
More often , the movie reduces everything to sitcom levels of tidiness and routine .
You 'd be challenged to laugh once during a two-hour-plus slog in which much of the intended hilarity resides in frequent utterances of the F-bomb , venison and Wham ! posters .
It 's a bit over-stuffed , but the narrative does come full-circle and successfully balances charming comedy gags grounded in a memorable and contemporary love story .
One of those romantic comedies that spends too much time unnecessarily creating drama for its characters .
You 'll definitely laugh and it 's hard to resist the adorableness factor of Blunt and Segel .
The Jason Segel-Emily Blunt romcom has a cold , standoffish first act but ultimately warms up , becoming a genuinely sweet romantic comedy .
A bit overlong , with a surprisingly moody middle act , but writer/actor Jason Segel and director/co-writer Nicholas Stoller continue to perfectly balance the laughs with the drama .
If it sounds melancholy , that 's because it 's very melancholy , but it 's also very funny throughout ...
You could make a case for shearing a little baggage from the run time , but it 's hard to complain too much because the laughs keep coming .
Overlong and curiously -LRB- wait for it -RRB- unengaging .
Instead of being a 90-minute , three-act romantic comedy , this 124-minute plod almost begins to feel like a five-year term at its midpoint low .
The Five-Year Engagement seems at times to have taken its title literally - it 's way too long . But though the pace sometimes drags , Blunt and Segal are amiable companions and the lack of gross-out gags makes a refreshing change .
Offers plenty of chuckles - although not enough to justify the middle-aged spread of its two-hour running time .
As endearing as Segel and Blunt are , The Five-Year Engagement feels ... five years of your life spent waiting for the inevitable , with not as many laughs along the way ...
This is a grown-up rom-com that incredibly does n't outstay its welcome despite a meaty runtime , because Blunt and Segel create charming characters who are easy to root for .
-LSB- F -RSB- eels about five years long . With an almost total lack of ... conflict , it feels like it 's spinning its narrative wheels ... There simply never seems to be any reason why lovebirds Tom and Violet ca n't just get married already .
Somewhere , buried in The Five-Year Engagement , is a sparkling screwball comedy fighting against a turntable running on long play .
A pleasant , if predictable , time-passer .
Cut away the flab , and there 's probably an adorable hour-long movie in there .
It 's honest , mature and insightful but also fun , silly and touchingly romantic .
Segel and Stoller could - no , should have been bolder : their leading lady deserves it .
It 's a long day 's journey into relationship insight , but with fun on the way .
It brings a light touch to modern romance , and the fact that commitment phobia , so long a male prerogative , is now being claimed by women .
It 's not one that you 'd need to see again and again , but it does leave a very sweet taste in the mouth .
It 's corny , but it keeps us laughing all the way through while stirring in some genuinely sweet moments .
Sadly , there 's no getting around the obvious lack of chemistry between Blunt and her doughily bland co-star .
Watchable comedy with superb comic performances and a steady stream of decent gags , but it 's also a good twenty minutes too long and is occasionally let down by some lazy plotting .
Another solid hit from Planet Apatow - charming , funny and remarkably in tune with real life .
This is a watchable but rather drab romcom which relies too often on Apatow-school cliché .
What The Five-Year Engagement lacks in belly laughs it makes up for in heart and soul , successfully exploring the genuine greys of a relationship instead of painting them black and white .
Segel and Blunt are charming as ever , and an accomplished supporting cast includes Chris Pratt as Tom 's incidental bromance Alex and Rhys Ifans as Violet 's lecherous mentor .
Segel and Stoller have a bad habit of over-explaining themselves , whether it be a dramatic beat or a comedic one .
Like life , The Five-Year Engagement can be messy and irrational . The shame is that the film does n't need to be those things quite to the degrees that they are .
It 's hard to root for a couple who are an obvious non-match .
When it works , it works , and that is most of the time .
Gradually slips from awkward-funny moments to droll dawdling along . While overstaying its welcome by half-an-hour , it becomes clear this is another tale of bourgeois-white-girl-and-boy-who-can ` t-quite-commit . The charm wears off .
Buried somewhere beneath more padding than Eddie Murphy 's Norbit fat suit may lie an OK romantic comedy in The Five-Year Engagement .
More dark comedy than rom-com , perhaps a little too honest , like someone who is telling you something funny but then overshares just a little too much and spoils the moment .
Strikes a far more even tone than Bridesmaids , exploring emotional truths whilst maintaining a strong , but not suffocating , comedic edge .
Nicholas Stoller 's inventive , funny , and sometimes subversive romantic comedy wo n't revive that benighted genre , but it does offer hope .
Like most marriages it has rough patches but it 's not a complete disaster and there is no Katherine Heigl in sight .
The film is elongated by an abundance of tangents and contrivances that not only compromise the promising set-up , but also drown out most of the charm generated by its two leads .
Where most romantic comedies deal with how the two people start their relationship , The Five-Year Engagement takes a risk by examining a relationship already in progress .
More depth than expected and Segel/Blunt are right on target . Not the typical Apatow type production
What happens after that romantic rooftop marriage proposal that would ordinarily end a rom-com ? Sadly the answer seems to be drab and not terribly interesting .
The Five-Year Engagement is perfect for anyone who liked Blue Valentine , but felt it was a little light on the yuks .
I would have preferred to spend five years in the dungeon in Silence of the Lambs ... putting the lotion on the skin ... before I get the hose again .
Blunt & Segel make a good team , and the jokes , especially in the first third of the film , are solid . But the movie runs too long , stretching its contrived and disconnected situations beyond their ability to generate laughs or pathos .
The strongest work yet in the Apatow pantheon ; formula is largely shunned for something more raw and true to life .
It treats its characters with respect and it does n't downplay their relationship troubles . Even in the midst of some pretty raunchy humor , there is a lot of heart and it does n't feel like someone is pulling the strings-the emotion actually feels earned .
An exemplary modern romantic comedy , personal and symbolic , goofy and substantial , tightly imagined yet loosely strung , wise in bewilderment .
It is a little overly ambitious and now that you mention it , reminds me of Funny People , it starts off as one thing and goes into all these different tones and you -LRB- taps wrist -RRB- come on guys people have lives to live .
Possesses the same nougaty center of ribaldry and sentimentality in which Judd Apatow specializes , but falls victim to a sagging hour-plus in its middle , plus an ending which feels less than genuine and more stamped for test-marketing approval .
Like Apatow 's `` Funny People , '' the film is an intentional hybrid : half gag comedy , half open-ended exploration of everything that can go wrong -- and occasionally right -- between two people whom nature , if not society , means to be together .
A charming , funny , reactionary mating comedy from the Judd Apatow factory ...
A bloated slog that is n't humorous or heartfelt enough to justify its existence .
The wacky comedy is not enough to enjoy watching this crumbling relationship . I finally feel the Apatow length .
Blunt shines once again in this sweet love story , ... a film of surprising depth , getting into the nitty gritty of a relationship that seems realistic , but it 's far too long .
A fun , entertaining picture , and another credit to Segel 's rising career as a writer and star .
-LSB- It -RSB- feels poignant and real in a way few raunch comedies are .
Blunt has never been more relaxed , and she and Segel have a believably warm chemistry .
Some of the comedic material provokes laughter and some does n't , but nearly all of it feels wrong . It 's as if the jokes have been shoehorned into the movie because it was deemed too dramatic .
Seriously funny and humorously serious , laughs and the odd squirm -LRB- to remind us of producer Judd Apatow 's signature elements -RRB- provide plenty of entertainment
There 's recognisable angst and hilarity in equal parts as the perfect life of the perfect couple becomes less than perfect
There might be a passable movie in here somewhere , but you would need to do a lot of editing to find it .
Make it stop !
Pauline Kael said of the Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers pairing , `` He gave her class and she gave him sex . '' Blunt provides both the class AND the sex , but Segel brings enough easygoing charisma and sly wit to the table to make them a believable screen couple .
Poignant and savvy , it delves into the dilemma of what happens when a romantic commitment is challenged by career choices .
The Five-Year Engagement is a fun , intelligent 100-minute rom-com trapped in a two hour rough cut .
Judd Apaptow also produced Drillbit Taylor and Year One , so do n't get too aroused by that ` from the producer of Bridesmaids lead-in .
Not so much a movie as it is a collection of future YouTube clips .
In conclusion it 's a cute story with some originality , but a little on the long side .
May not have the same laugh-per-minute ratio of Jason Segel 's previous films - or those of producer Judd Apatow , for that matter - yet it 's a very charming , insightful picture that won me over .
A notch above the standard romantic comedy , The Five-Year Engagement gets points for its realistic premise and regular , if mild , laughs .
Sometimes uneven and sometimes beyond gross , but more often it 's funny , smart and different .
What keeps the film from seeming shrill is that Tom and Violet , despite everything , genuinely love each other , and their careers dilemma is not played for easy laughs .
There are some good laughs in this protracted engagement story , but the pacing is all wrong and despite the charms of Emily Blunt , the film just runs out of gas .
`` The Five-Year Engagement '' is a strikingly original comedy with serious undertones . It dares to take its time , as it covers an unusually long time period in a constantly-changing relationship .
Apatow-produced comedy mixes romance , adult humor .
The Five-Year Engagement is content with being funny , a little charming , and , in the end , shallow enough to be approachable .
Often funny , good in dramatic moments , but lacking consistently tight control of pace and scenes .
A movie about a five-year engagement should not seem like you were in the theater the entire five years .
It 's ultimately sheer , unreasonable overlength that triggers The Five-Year Engagement 's lamentable downfall ...
Topping two hours , the movie runs a little long , which is typical of Judd Apatow productions . But there are many laughs to be had , and it 's worth sticking it out until the end .
In a nod to Segel 's chef Tom , the film engages in the pasta theory of filmmaking : Throw enough starch against the wall , and something 's bound to stick . Some appetizing bits , yes , but not enough .
What saves The Five-Year Engagement from sheer tedium is the enormous likability of the large cast .
Jason Segel soars in Judd Apatow comedy
A very funny movie with a complex heart .
... suffers from the smug belief that a couple of affable stars can compensate for a lazy lack of purpose .
The post-proposal blues strike a crushingly bland couple in The Five-Year Engagement , a romantic comedy lacking in both of the genre 's signature elements .
There 's probably a perfectly adequate 97-minute version to be made of this film . It would be a lesser picture .
This should have been a lot better .
A movie that takes as long to move itself through its motions as the last Catholic Church wedding I attended .
It 's just not quite funny enough to justify its length . Something is just off .
It 's all about the writing , and it 's definitely uneven in `` The Five-Year Engagement '' .
After a while , we just want Tom and Violet to get married so the movie will be over .
It makes you laugh and eagerly wish for a happy ending without any preachy soul-searching .
A series of funny scenes and funny lines , but it does n't all add up to a good , funny , solid , romantic movie .
Most Apatow-produced movies are grown-up comedies . This one is a comedy for grown-ups .
The actors really carry this one on sheer force of charisma , as the movie , at over two hours long , is almost as self-indulgent as an actual wedding .
Feels more like the raw feed than the final edit , and seems to run as long as the time span promised in the title .
It has solid ideas about what makes relationships work , and although it takes a little longer to squeeze all the juice out of them , they 're worth the wait .
`` The Five-Year Engagement '' becomes two things : an accurate reflection of a new generation of postponement-prone 30-somethings , and a rather uninteresting story .
`` The Five-Year Engagement '' does n't always work - some of the supporting characters ' storylines feel clipped , and the improvised bits could afford to be tightened - but the trip to the altar pays off .
This seems like another breakthrough for Blunt , who demonstrates an ample gift for physical comedy . She and Segel make an inspired team .
I liked `` The Five-Year Engagement , '' and then I did n't , and then I did - which seems just about right for a movie dedicated to examining how even the purest affections can be fatally derailed .
There 's a wonderful 90-minute romantic comedy here , but because Judd Apatow is one of the producers , it lumbers along for 124 minutes .
I 'll take this sort of imperfect over the impersonal , mechanical fare that so frequently succeeds in this genre .
There 's just no economy of words or plotting or pacing here , and that 's a shame . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Spattered throughout the comic bits ... are some simple but hard truths .
A grown-up , mainstream , studio-released comedy made for actual grown-ups . Imagine that .
The Five-Year Engagement does just enough to keep audiences entertained , but with the level of talent involved , you 'd expect much better .
At best , `` The Five-Year Engagement '' is very well played by its leads and supporting characters . You ca n't go wrong with Segel , Blunt , Pratt and Brie , the latter two TV stars who are movie-ready .
The movie is a precision instrument with no parts jammed together , just everything smooth and functioning .
This story of a promising sous chef who sacrifices his career in San Francisco to follow his girlfriend to Ann Arbor delivers a steady stream of character laughs , along with a rigidly formulaic plot .
Stoller and Segel do n't shy away from rational , relatable adults , which may be an unsexy selling point for a romantic comedy , but that attention to authenticity elevates the likable , low-stakes The Five-Year Engagement .
It 's too bad The Five-Year Engagement 's overlong , conventional last third squanders the goodwill built up in that sharply observed middle section .
There are funny scenarios and sweet moments , but not nearly enough in this screenplay co-written by Segel and director Nicholas Stoller .
A little restraint would have gone a long way to making this a far funnier , fleeter affair .
It 's intriguing to see Segal reconsidering the implications of Lena Dunham-style sex without intimacy era on the romantic as well as the comic side .
`` The Five-Year Engagement '' dutifully hits the marks of its genre , but it is also about the unpredictability of life and the everyday challenges of love . The sensitivity and honesty with which it addresses those matters is a pleasant surprise .
Segel 's brand of unhinged mania is still funny . Rival couple Chris Pratt and Alison Brie are even funnier . And the dramatic stuff rings true .
Both funny and romantic , `` The Five-Year Engagement '' runs a good 20 minutes longer than it should , but the winning on-screen chemistry between Segel and Blunt makes that a little easier to take .
By the 90-minute mark , I was ready for a divorce , but based on the steady squeals of laughter around me at a preview screening , may have been in the minority .
Sometime around what I guessed to be the one-hour mark in `` The Five-Year Engagement , '' I checked my watch and honestly thought the battery had given out .
Jason Segel slowly loses his patience , his identity and eventually his sanity when his engagement to Emily Blunt drags on and on with no end in sight . We feel his pain .
Heaven only knows what Frank Oz , who loudly objected to Segel and Stoller 's script for The Muppets , will make of the wildly funny scene where Blunt and Brie entertain a young child by having a very adult conversation in Elmo and Cookie Monster voices .
Between that opening proposal and the film 's title , you know exactly what 's going to happen , and the result is a comedy-drama almost completely free of dramatic tension .
Engagement gets the most important thing right , which is the lead casting : Segel and Blunt are completely convincing as Tom and Violet , star-crossed lovers . They really do care for each other , but life seems to be conspiring against them .
The dream partnership of Jason Segel and Nick Stoller gets dinged a bit in the frustratingly uneven The Five-Year Engagement . Luckily , the movie never runs on sitcom empty .
It 's a very good movie . If a tough editor trimmed it from 124 minutes to 90 , it would be wonderful .
It 's a good thing these characters are played by Segel and Blunt , who share enough dorky charisma to carry The Five-Year Engagement through a sprawling runtime to a deservedly happy ending .
A decent-enough romantic comedy with some edge .
All the goodwill that the lead actors bring to the table ca n't overcome the sheer ordeal of watching this wan story play itself out .
Crude , disjointed , overextended and only sporadically funny .
Some sharp , honest observations on life and relationships that are usually glossed over by romantic comedies . Some of it works . Some of it falls flat .
The Five-Year Engagement catches a bad case of the meanders and never quite recovers , leaving us to wonder what Segel and Stoller could do if forced into a tight 90 minute runtime
A great beginning and a very strong ending , but in between is a middle section that is n't very funny and seems to drag on forever .
-LSB- It -RSB- seems to have no reason for being at all .
Between the jokes about drinking mead out of deer hoofs , about tiny tykes armed with crossbows , about meeting cute in a bunny suit and a Princess Di getup , there 's serious stuff to consider .
The waiting is the hardest part .
Pitch-perfect chemistry between Segel and Blunt , along with a superb supporting cast makes FIVE YEAR ENGAGEMENT a strong follow-up to Apatow 's BRIDESMAIDS .
Segel fills the movie with vulnerability that 's hard not to love . He 's cinema 's leading everyman .
Plays like a five-episode , R-rated story arc from `` How I Met Your Mother . '' With more profanity and more explicit sex . And considerably less drinking . And no Neil Patrick Harris .
Has more big laughs than any comedy this year . While the bar has been set low so far , this film raises it considerably .
I really like this film , loose flaps , protracted finale and all .
`` The Five-Year Engagement '' is one of those movies that you badly want to like much more than you actually do .
Although the movie follows a predictable pattern right through to its happy ending , it 's helped by two main characters who feel like real people in love , with real problems .
In an industry obsessed with wedding movies , here 's an anti-ceremony heartwarmer , executed with a spongy comedic imagination and a little touch of soul .
A bumpy entertainment about a bumpy road to the altar , this overly long rom-com offers up a couple of laughs , a thought or two and a lot more extraneous stuff .
A lively , original , and scattershot-hilarious ramble of a Judd Apatow production .
Given its title and premise , it 's poetically apt that The Five-Year Engagement is a lovely , sweet , funny , romantic , and supremely worthwhile endeavor that unfortunately takes longer to wrap up than it should .
Paper-thin romantic-comedy succeeds entirely on the extreme cuteness of its two stars .
A comedy about the struggle of two people in love to keep their relationship alive as a work-in-progress .
This is the smartest , most likable such film I 've seen in years , even if you might think it does need to have its mouth washed out with soap .
Segel is a warm-and-fuzzy presence in everything he 's in , and Blunt is delightful . Some bits are funny , some vulgar , some sweet .
The film proves that neither gross-out gags nor pseudo-sophisticated Woody Allenisms are necessary to make a smart , funny comedy .
There 's a good movie in here , maybe even a great one . But it 's buried beneath an awful lot of shoulda-been-deleted scenes .
Halfway through you want to yell at the screen for them to run off to Las Vegas and just get it over with already ; then again , it becomes increasingly difficult to root for them to stay together when they seem to be headed down such divergent paths .
Sometimes you 'll fight the urge to pull out your phone to check the time , and others you 'll laugh so hard you 'll embarrass yourself .
Whereas Stoller and Segel did wonders with the formula in 2008 's Forgetting Sarah Marshall , a certain overfamiliarity creeps in long before the going gets rough .
Much like the doughnuts that Violet uses in a research experiment : stale and not good for you .
There 's nice rapport between Segel and Emily Blunt in the latest romantic comedy from Apatow 's empire , but this one is more verbose and schematic , and less funny and irreverent than his norm .
One of the more palatable relationship comedies due to the notable chemistry between Segel and Blunt and a supporting cast who are constantly stealing scenes .
While Segel and Blunt make likable enough leads , the strain is visible as the filmmakers try to make comedic hay out of disconnected segments , contrived situations and tangential characters .
The Five-Year Engagement originates with a pre-mythologized meet-cute and ends with Hollywood whimsy but insists on making the hurdles between as little like rom-com contrivance as the filmmakers can get away with .

@highlight

While certainly overlong , The Five-Year Engagement benefits from the easy chemistry of its leads and a funny , romantic script with surprising depth and intelligence .