While it 's very easy to eviscerate Chuck and Larry from an activist point of view , all one really has to do to slam the flick is look at the lazy , contrived writing and the traffic-cop direction by frequent Sandler accomplice Dennis Dugan .
Displays considerable heart
What truly makes -LSB- the film -RSB- so detestable is its disingenuous attempt to justify itself with a tacked-on call for acceptance of all people and lifestyles .
They could have focused more on the similarities of best friends and a gay couple . Instead , they just try to offend everyone in sight and then act sorry at the end .
You know a movie is going to be bad when Rob Schneider shows up as a Chinese wedding chapel minister . No , come to think of it , you know a movie is going to be bad when Rob Schneider shows up at all
Above all the idiotic shenanigans and brutally offensive conversation , Chuck & Larry is flat-out a badly made movie .
As complex as a garden-variety sitcom ...
One of the year 's most stunningly feeble offerings .
This film is stupid , but it has a reckless bravery ... and I found myself giggling more than once .
Typical Sandler comedy overflows with stereotypes .
Homosexuality for dummies . That is , until Ving Rhames steals everybody else 's thunder as the most macho guy in the firehouse and on the down low , who decides it 's time to finally come out in the communal shower .
Even before the ` gay ' plot kicks in , the mix of bloated ` heroic ' action with toilet humor and plugs for Hooters is unbearable ...
Den ehoyn adiko osoi apokaloyn ayton ton gamo anorimotitas kai sygkratimenis epanastatikotitas , tainia gia ta dikaiomata ton gay , ftiagmeni gia omofobikoys eterofylofiloys . Giati oso ki an paleyei na yperaspistei tin apodohi toy alliotikoy deihnontas tin
In essence Dennis Duggan 's film is patronising and a little degrading .
Adam Sandler adds here to his lengthening charge sheet as the most repellent `` entertainer '' on the planet .
I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry is a comedy of masquerade that Shakespeare might have written if he were pea-brained and talentless and had been commissioned to script an Adam Sandler movie .
My faith in a beneficent God , never strong , has been shattered by news that Alexander Payne contributed to the screenplay for this horrific new Adam Sandler vehicle .
Pronouncing Adam Sandler 's latest comedy anything but a disaster of Chernobyl-sized proportions is beyond me .
The film-makers behind I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry would probably claim a message of tolerance and personal growth , but this woeful Adam Sandler vehicle is as nasty a piece of sniggering homophobia as I have seen in a long time .
It 's not just homosexuals who will be outraged by this crass farce .
Veering between kneejerk homophobia and PC proselytising for gay rights - often in the same scene - Dennis Dugan 's comedy is an unhappy union .
The closing message claims to promote tolerance , but this remains a lads ' comedy : it 's all about sniggering at pansies and peeking up girls ' skirts . And even that market deserves something funnier .
Not so much gay as bloody miserable .
With ribald and stale jokes at odds with the slender social message , this wedding piece crashes and burns amid its own hypocrisy .
Enjoyable , sharply written and frequently hilarious , this is Adam Sandler 's best comedy since The Wedding Singer .
For my taste , `` I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry '' is a less than perfect union .
Would be less offensive with a title like `` Ladies and Gentlemen , The Bronx is Flaming . ''
Taking offense to a film about tolerance just because it 's aimed squarely at Middle America is itself intolerant . Chuck and Larry 's crime is it does n't maintain its most audacious bits and it 's never funny enough .
This film is made for less discerning tastes ; that is , for those viewers to whom a running gag that has Sandler sitting in kid-sized chairs that inevitably break from under him is the pinnacle of hilarity .
Ving Rhames gets it in a way that Adam Sandler never will .
There 's nothing believable in Chuck and Larry , but with its ultra likeable cast , there is some fun to be had , despite the politically incorrect , homophobic , trite , dated and predictable laughs it generates .
The makers of Chuck & Larry probably think they 've accomplished something meaningful , but what they 've really done is make a gay Soul Man .
While constantly spouting its be-kind-to-your-neighborhood-queer sermons , every dated , vicious stereotype of being a homosexual is dragged out again and again in this Adam Sandler vehicle .
James has a big screen quality that reminded me of Chris Farley , who could also find a way to be both sweet and funny
There 's a good movie to be found in -LSB- here -RSB- , but it 's repeatedly sabotaged by the desire to placate typical Sandler fans who , God forbid , would n't want their boy to get too , you know , fruity on them .
An arranged fiasco that should have been annulled back in the planning stages
Overall , if you like Adam Sandler movies this one wo n't disappoint .
When it is n't stupid and offensive , it 's stupid and condescending -- I now pronounce I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry a four-alarm flaming pile of crap .
The laugh to wince factor is about five to two in favor of winces .
The movie is trying to tell you that gays are people too . Sure they 're icky , embarrassing people , but you should still be nice to them .
... clumsy lunkhead slapstick ...
I laughed enough to assure myself I was n't wasting my time , but not enough to convince me Sandler is n't on cruise control .
Your typical bad Adam Sandler comedy that earns a few extra points in the realm of intent -- or at least possible intent .
Many , many things are wrong with Chuck and Larry , but its ultimate failure lies in the ludicrous explanation used to get its stars to the altar .
This comedy is n't just juvenile , it 's borderline brainless - the sort of bland , unfunny and , at times , slightly offensive drivel that one might expect from a grade schooler .
There is something to be said for a movie that may end up preaching , for a change , to the unconverted . If only the laughs were bigger , smarter and more frequent than they are .
The movie is a numbskull insult to gay people . Just on the basis of the mirthless trailer , however , they 'll probably ignore it . I doubt they 'll be alone .
I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry revels in gay stereotypes and allegedly funny uses of derogatory words , then tries to squeeze out a pro-tolerance message at the end . The whole thing rings as insincerely as an Isaiah Washington apology .
The premise is older than the pilot for Three 's Company , and just as unfunny .
You do n't even need to find this movie offensive to hate it . You just need to stay awake long enough to notice that it 's not funny .
Despite its shortcomings , Chuck and Larry should satiate the modest tastes of the run-of the-mill viewer who simply wants some trite entertainment and easy laughs to pass the time with .
Something 's out of whack when Rob Schneider -- as an Asian caricature running a wedding chapel north of the border -- gives the best performance .
` Boat Trip alone left many unanswered questions , ' said CNN fixture Larry King as a production assistant shoveled porridge into his mouth .
... a guarded comedy too gun shy to take its concept to the zany , over-the-top heights fans of Sandler have come to expect .
Adam Sandler and Kevin James ought to be ashamed to be associated with the cinematic equivalent of gay bashing .
simply is n't funny enough to rise above its base premise and lazy screenplay .
Here 's a strange hodgepodge of the usual Adam Sandler locker-room humor and a lesson about treating everyone fairly .
wants to appeal to fans of Billy Madison with its homophobichetero jokes while sucking in The Wedding Singer crowd with its tolerancemessage and ` softer-side-of-Sandler . '
As your parents told you when you brought home the wrong girl or guy , you deserve better .
Just as Speed 2 : Cruise Control circuitously affirmed the genius of Keanu Reeves , Chuck & Larry serves as a testament to Will Smith 's savvy and judgment .
I now pronounce this ... not worth paying to see .
Chuck and Larry tries too hard to find the right mixture of Adam Sandler 's signature humor and poignancy .
Good intentions can only carry these films so far , and this one falls woefully short .
I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry manages to insult gays , straights , men , women , children , African-Americans , Asians , pastors , mailmen , insurance adjusters , firemen , doctors -- and fans of show music . That 's championship stuff .
With a tacked-on PC message and leaden attempts at humor , I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry is a movie that gives marriage , homosexuality , friendship , firefighters , children and nearly everything else a bad name .
Chuck and Larry remains something close to remarkable : an Adam Sandler movie that manages to be crude and caring in equal measure . In the multiplex , this is called progress .
For the most part , I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry plods along predictably , well-intentioned but only sporadically entertaining .
It does not aim high , yet it can not even hit the low targets it sets for itself . It is simply painful .
The movie skates by because it attaches gay-bashing to ignorance , but it does n't always employ this tactic as deftly as , say , the Farrelly brothers .
If there were a Straight Lack-of-Pride Parade , I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry could be the grand marshal . The movie is n't insulting to homosexuals but to comedy .
Does anybody laugh at this stuff anymore ?
Chuck & Larry proves that even the silliest comedy can offer important food for thought .
When you 're more intrigued by the appearance of Richard Chamberlain than the film 's final courtroom denouement , you know this union of movie and moviegoer was doomed from the start .
The straightest , most clueless movie about gays in decades .
In the credits , the filmmakers acknowledge Brooklyn firefighters who died on 9/11 . It 's an honorable gesture , but what of the previous two hours ? What of the scenes portraying firemen as cigar-chomping , homophobic , misogynistic chumps ?
The sad thing is that this could have been really good .
In the spirit of uncivil unions , I now denounce you , Chuck & Larry .
It all boils down to a horrible waste of talent .
The movie is often stupid . But coming from an industry institutionally terrified of being honest about its own sexuality , it feels brave , going a step further than ` not that there 's anything wrong with that . '
Films that preach tolerance and respect for diversity , which is what this one does ultimately , are fine and good , and here 's hoping the message comes across . But here 's betting the fat and the gay jokes hang around a lot longer .
`` Up-Chuck '' is more like it .
Contrived to the point of painful .
Despite some hearty humor from Adam Sandler , co-star Kevin James and a handful of well-cast character actors , the film 's contrived plot and discriminatory jabs ultimately make Chuck and Larry a tactless engagement .
Even with Sandler up to his old tricks , he and James are n't really to blame for the failure of this movie-by-committee that throws a bunch of tired jokes against the wall and settles for the two or three that actually stick .
Even more off-putting than the incessant faggot jokes is the movie 's pandering for tolerance , which is queasily sentimental and patently unconvincing .
Not so much anti-gay as it is anti-humor , it 's easily Adam Sandler 's worst comedy ever , and it 's depressing to watch him strain to be a Walter Matthau to Kevin James ' sweetly exasperated Jack Lemmon . It 's a groaningly obvious , abysmally unfunny dud .
... infantile ... politically correct nonsense .
While it might be enough to make you laugh -- like with the majority of his films -- it 's far from memorable .
a gay rights film aimed at homophobic heterosexuals
It 's a curious and not very funny comedy that , nonetheless , is a fascinating social document .
... so remarkably free of laughs I might as well have been watching John Wayne Gacy 's home movies .
I sure hope Sandler 's next movie is about learning the pain of Asian folks ... that 'd be hilarious !
Sporadically funny , casually sexist , blithely racist and about as visually sophisticated as a parking-garage surveillance video .
An equal-opportunity offender , slapping right wingers on the wrist while , much to said right wingers ' expectations , reducing homosexuality to its lowest common denominators .
A dated , ill-conceived project that 's wrong on so many levels .
Chuck & Larry is a clumsy comedy , made with heartening intentions , but a little wobbly in execution . But you know what ? It is n't Click , and that 's something to celebrate .
The film ca n't decide if it is a satire , if it is a gross-out comedy or if it is just a tasteless romp full of the usual Sandler shtick . It 's a frustrating mess , and just thinking about it is enough to make me furrow my brow in aggravated disgust .
In fact , I can pretty much guarantee that this is the worst film playing at a theater near you this weekend , even if your local multiplex has held over `` Captivity '' for a second week ...
Pro-gay ? Do n't make me laugh , Happy Madison . I would n't want you to break the streak .
I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry is not as hilarious as it thinks it is , profound as it pretends to be , or tolerant as it intends .
Chuck & Larry is such an abysmal stab at comedy on every conceivable level that I wish there was a hate group we could join to protest it .
takes place in a magical New York City where Adam Sandler -LRB- minus the bazillion dollars he has in the bank and the Porsche he drives down the street -RRB- is a beefcake calendar superstar who carouses with the entire female staff of Hooter 's Chinatown .
When the movie finally attempts to have a redeeming message , it 's not as much a case of trying to eat your cake and have it too as it is trying to walk with your foot jammed firmly in your mouth .
Can the occasion of overgrown-fratboy goofball Adam Sandler and resolutely vanilla sitcom dad Kevin James in fagface be anything other than an invitation to laugh at icky queery flamboyant homos ?
could be lightly described as flippin ' horrendous
Each and every character is cookie cutter stupid and I could n't wait to leave the theater .
It 's kind of like `` Tootsie , '' only without the drag . Or the class . Or the laughs .
its mild pleasures are spoiled by its belief that homophobic humor can be somehow sanitized by a cheesy Shylock-ripoff speech about how it 's who we are as people that really matters . As if .
I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry works hard at not being offensive . It just does n't work hard enough at being good .
In the proper hands this could have come off as genuine , but under the direction of Dennis Dugan and the empire that is Adam Sandler , it 's just a vehicle for cheap shots , reusable jokes , and tired clichés .
There are gags here that may be older than the film 's stars .
I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry stumbles around like a Cher impersonator missing one red sequined pump .
Adam Sandler and Kevin James play courageous Brooklyn firefighters and best friends in this comedy that seems designed to be as bad as it can be .
If there 's a saving grace , and there is , it 's that the movie strives , in its often-awkward way , for acceptance . And how bad can that be ?
Plays on male fears of women and homosexuality so well that you 'd think the movie had been made by actual 15-year-olds .
Ends up patronizing both the frat-boy Sandler audience -- presuming they need lectures on tolerance -- and the potential gay audience .
Perhaps the funniest thing about the movie is seeing how little chemistry there is between Sandler and Jessica Biel , who plays his love interest . -LRB- As strange as it sounds , Sandler has more chemistry with James . -RRB-
Whatever gay stereotypes exist in this movie -- and they probably number in the hundreds -- the writers of the comedy are much tougher on morbidly obese people , hot women , the homeless , mailmen , unattractive women and particularly Asians .
No comedy this year can beat this dud for mealy-mouthed hypocrisy .
This painfully uncomfortable buddy comedy trips all over itself to say something positive while still managing to offend . Worse still , it 's just not funny .
If Dugan 's crude , occasionally effective effort ends up chipping away at America 's moron class regarding gay rights , that 'll be nice . But even unrepentant homophobes deserve funnier .
Raunchy , testosterone-driven Adam Sandler comedy with a relevant message about tolerance and acceptance .
A big , flamboyant cartwheel backwards for gay rights .
I now pronounce it better than you 'd think .
Essentially , Chuck & Larry is an oafish chance for audiences to laugh at gay-bashing jokes and then feel morally redeemed for doing so .
That anyone in their right minds could be fooled into thinking that two hours of overt homophobia with a disingenuous punch line about tolerance is okay makes me pig-biting mad .
I feel compelled to apologize about laughing at Chuck and Larry , like many Sandler films less a movie than a fistful of funny moments .
So much of it hinges on depicting a person 's gay lifestyle as a punchline that the third act 's aim for political correctness feels hypocritical and dishonest .
I now pronounce you terminally confused .
For what could have been a stupid gross-out comedy -LRB- and let 's face it , in the end it still ai n't Masterpiece Theatre -RRB- has the ever-so-slightest hint of wit and goodwill .
The seditious accomplishments of `` Chuck and Larry '' may be entirely lost on millions of Sandler fans , who will squirm through their laughter and ultimately come to understand what intolerance feels like .
For every stale homophobic joke there 's a sheepish nod to political correctness , and just to be safe director Dennis Dugan plays the firefighter card at every opportunity .
A film that spends much of its time laughing at gay people ca n't redeem itself by laughing hollowly with them in the end .
I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry is a pretend-to-be-gay firefighter 's farce that is entirely too stupid and crude to tote its alleged ` message ' about tolerance through the flames to safety .
The writers and director Dennis Dugan conspire to be gutsy in a gutless way .
This is indeed an equal opportunity movie . But it 's also a movie that beats its one joke into the ground .
They go at it with such beguiling gusto and heart that I totally bought the movie 's dust-covered message about the primacy of friendship over sexual preference .
What were they thinking ? Simple : They were n't .
A match made not in heaven , but in the sort of studio script conference that turns every idea into mass-market mush .
There is a lot of overcompensation going on here .
It 's a shock to the system when this example of puerile comedy turns into a pulpit-pounding sermon . The film 's sledgehammer approach makes it more immature than earnest .
Chuck & Larry wants it both ways , indulging in ass obsession and the lamest queer stereotypes since Franklin Pangborn was in short pants , then hoisting the rainbow flag at half-mast in a panicky cry for tolerance .
The picture delivers 90 minutes of gay caricatures , along with a barrage of fat jokes , and culminates by lecturing the audience about how wrong it is to mock those who are different .
This movie encourages sensitivity by hitting everyone over the head with its humor hammer .
It might seem offensive if it were n't so lame .
It 's a modern classic -LRB- despite a cheap-shot plug for Giuliani -RRB- . By comparison , Hollywood 's most celebrated gay comedies -- In and Out , Chuck and Buck , Blades of Glory , even the laughable Brokeback Mountain -- were all failures of nerve .
I Now Pronounce you Chuck and Larry is n't just unfunny ; it 's racist , sexist and homophobic -- and truly unpleasant to watch . ... I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry practices exactly the kind of intolerance it preaches against .
The question is why Sandler even bothers with a premise . Whatever the putative storyline , his antics are as predictable as flies on cow patties and even more odorous .
Tremendously savvy in its stupid way , I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry is as eloquent as Brokeback Mountain , and even more radical .
A comedy premise that supplies plenty of sidesplitting laughs ... as well as a strong , touching message about tolerance and acceptance .
The film is pro-gay but it 's less interested in collapsing straight-male hang-ups about gay men than is in putting on a surprisingly mawkish show of political correctness .
This one could have been really funny except for one thing : it 's not 1950 .
Relentlessly juvenile and awash in stereotypes .
One longs for something like Paul Rudnick 's script for In & Out , which was very funny yet delved into the trauma of coming out and the perplexing issue of homophobia in society .




@highlight

Whether by way of inept comedy or tasteless stereotypes , I Now Pronounce You Chuck And Larry falters on both levels .