The film 's stark outrage exposes the pussyfooting that these days passes for ` political '
Pickings must have been pretty slim at Cannes last year because Barley is n't much of a standout piece .
Loach delivers a moving and often beautiful story that captures the essence of the conflict , with all its unintended consequences and personal tragedies .
Loach is on fire here . A masterfully executed mix of politics and passion , this is an example of that increasingly rare beast in modern cinema : a serious , thought-provoking film for grown-ups .
Gripping old-fashioned political drama .
A brutal film ... deeply moving yet painful to watch .
Ultimately , the politics outweigh the poetry ... but it succeeds despite its hesitations and far-reaching ambition
Gripping , powerful , heart-breaking .
Laverty 's screenplay is not a simple-minded exercise , although there is a schematic aspect to it . He and Loach want to be fair to both sides of the Irish debate ...
The performances are shattering , made all the more harrowing by the situations the characters find themselves in .
A film that shows the slow push for freedom as the sticky , messy and lengthy process it really is .
the intensity of Murphy and Delaney 's performances is shattering ... ` Wind ' never loses sight of the fact that sometimes a victim 's wounds may be invisible to the eye , but every bit as painful as a stabbing ...
There are moments that stir , and it 's always lovely , but it 's generally too remote to gain hold of you truly .
While the film has its share of exciting battle scenes , Loach captures them with an almost detached , documentary-like feeling , as if not wanting the thrills to overwhelm the essential tragedy he sees in the story .
Loach remains focused on the personal , which serves best to highlight the seriousness of the political with which it intersects .
Director Ken Loach borrows the title of his 1920s Irish insurrection drama `` The Wind That Shakes the Barley '' from a Robert Dwyer Joyce poem , and , in turn , his film is visual poetry .
A social drama so well built that it can pump out thrills while fueling Damian 's motivation .
A scenic bit of agitprop that can be as easy on the eyes as it is soft on the ear , even when it 's being harshly argued and violently portrayed .
Oh brother , where art thou politically ?
`` The Wind That Shakes the Barley '' has a sober , authentic , down-to-earth feel to it .
The Wind that Shakes the Barley is a multi-layered story , and the more you see those different aspects , the more you 'll enjoy the film .
The Wind That Shakes the Barley may want to view the world in black and white , but it 's honest enough to admit that most of the time the truth is gray .
While this may be a historical piece , it 's history told in the vivid present tense .
A Gaelic cousin to Spielberg 's Munich , it 's haunting stuff .
Honest enough to acknowledge that war has the ability to turn everyone -- despite their convictions -- into thugs and murderers .
Loach and his cinematographer , Barry Ackroyd , paint a grim realist portrait in muted tones that captures the solemnity of an Ireland turning on itself and the tragedy of two brothers spiraling away from each other .
Raises hard questions about Ireland 's uncanny ability to kneecap itself .
-LSB- Loach -RSB- has made an often handsome , always sobering movie that does what the best movies do : leave us a whole lot less sure about what we ought to think .
-LSB- Loach is -RSB- the master of the docu-drama or the realist social film , and Wind is one of his masterpieces .
As frequently happens in both Loach films and history , the betrayal of ideals , socialist and otherwise , leaves a harsh aftertaste , which made me feel sadder but not much wiser .
Alternately winsome and sadistic but always with an eye on the prize : freedom .
You 'll be heartbroken in the course of the film 's two hours .
It 's unmistakably the work of aging cinema activist Ken Loach , who wears his social-justice heart on his sleeve ...
Bloody and brutal , evoking obvious , relevant comparisons between Ireland 's internal conflicts and the ongoing civil war in Iraq .
Director Loach , one of Britain 's most controversial and socially aggressive filmmakers , here makes a subtle , and surprisingly restrained film , letting the volatility and pain emerge naturally from the sad and violent situation .
Barry Ackroyd 's wonderful imagery often gives a sense of vernal moisture , which adds to the sweaty tension .
No matter your political stripe , this movie will move you to tears .
Gracefully condenses the complicated history of the Irish Troubles in ways both literal and allegorical .
There are large portions here that are universally relatable , particularly the film 's themes about fighting for freedom .
The Wind That Shakes the Barley is n't interested in being a straightforward or romanticized history lesson . Rather , -LSB- director -RSB- Loach offers an examination of the very nature of rebellion , as filtered through the particulars of the Irish troubles .
Though Loach 's film loses some of its dramatic impetus in the second half , it illuminates the events that led to eight decades of tortured Irish history .
The humanity that Loach and his compassionate screenwriter bring to their story prevents it from being another polemic about how the British screwed Ireland .
Loach manages to depict the film 's violence , romance , action and politics each with the same gravity and dignity . It 's a crowning achievement .
Director Ken Loach is full of astonishments . In this film , he stages raid and counter-raid , big gunfight and small , with stunning dynamism .
Will only satisfy anyone whose preferred source of entertainment is watching A&E .
Un crudo relato sobre el movimiento independentista irlandés que confirma a Ken Loach como cineasta comprometido con la historia reciente y las injusticias .
Bid for a genuine sense of history unraveling as strict realism , with currents of immense human heroism and courageous suffering in wartime .
Great film . Ken Loach is such an important filmmaker , he 's made so many great films over the years , and it 's great to see another director , like Eastwood and so many others in his 70 's , who continues to be at the top of his game .
Winner of the Best Film at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival , this powerful political saga is not merely a cinematic masterpiece from start to finish but a righteous rallying cry for disenfranchised masses anywhere with nothing left to lose but their chains .
At 124 minutes , the heartfelt drama comes across as pedantic and tedious . Cillian Murpy , fortunately , is such a fine actor , that by the end , his presence accomplishes Loach 's mission . He makes the film work .
This is one heck of a scary movie .
The grain of the title puts me in mind of everything that nourishes you in the film : its frankness , probity , care and intelligence , offered not just in crumbs but as a whole loaf . I wish this could be our daily bread .
Though the film uses a familiar narrative form -- two brothers torn apart -- it does so in a way that leaves the form itself in doubt , heroizing no one , offering no resolution .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Loach and -LSB- co-screenwriter -RSB- Laverty are still capable of creating moments startling in their naturalism -- almost like a window into the past .
This dramatization of Ireland 's early struggles for independence falls short of a certain originality or flair .
The film 's star refused to comment on the similarities between Ireland and Iraq when he spoke to journalists , but we could n't help talking amongst ourselves .
... powerful ...
... you can feel the panic , rage and fear of the participants , and there 's a rare sense in the movie of history being less recreated than relived .
... despite its length -LRB- over two hours -RRB- and some structural problems , it is an absorbing , worthwhile and often passionate movie .
... Loach tells a horrifying , moving , and completely mesmerizing tale .
The Wind that Shakes the Barley is dense , brutal , with moments of shattering emotional power , and the cast performs with fierce conviction .
A truly Irish tale , The Wind That Shakes the Barley demands some work from American audiences .
The acting is solid all around -- so convincing that the rough Irish accents are appropriately indecipherable at times , and the story itself is as tragic and complicated as that moment in history .
... Ken Loach 's The Wind That Shakes the Barley may be the most powerful look yet at the guerrilla-styled Irish rebellion against occupying British forces in 1920-22 .
It does -LSB- make for good drama -RSB- , though at times its didacticism can be a bit wearying .
... a wonderfully shot , easy-to-follow primer for those of us who may find the history of ` the troubles ' in Ireland confusing and byzantine .
What does come through is Loach 's characteristic disdain for cheap romanticism and easy answers .
It transforms the simplistic polemic of the early scenes into something much deeper and more complex .
A poignant drama about Ireland in the 1920s and the violence that tears apart the fabric of community and pits brother against brother .
... the history presented in `` The Wind That Shakes the Barley '' hardly feels like a closed book or a museum display . It is as alive and as troubling as anything on the evening news , though far more thoughtful and beautiful .
A passionate and pitiless piece of work that fails only near the end when its internal political dogmatism outstrips and undercuts the story itself .
Wind 's not necessarily for the armchair historian ; it 's more gut-wrenching than intellectual .
Loach has the gift of finding the intensely moving private emotions in broad , societal dilemmas . He does that with his fine new film , The Wind That Shakes the Barley , and he does a few new things as well .
This is a classic example of -LSB- director Ken -RSB- Loach 's work with his longtime screenwriting partner Paul Laverty , meaning that it blends colorful scenery with meticulously rendered sociology , straightforward family drama and tendentious political debate .
Loach has a long and honored career as a political filmmaker , and The Wind that Shakes the Barley is more accessible -- i.e. conventional -- than most of his other films .
Folks who are heavily invested in stereotypes of thuggish terrorists may balk at Loach 's portrait of articulate IRA ideologues . But there is no denying his ferocious grip on our emotions . Barley is one tough and beautiful film .
A profound consideration of the fog of wars that rage between not only nations but , all too often , within their own borders .
A human drama about two brothers that , though questioning our notions of right and wrong , loses its poignancy because of its political sermonizing .
` The Wind That Shakes the Barley ' descends to more Old Sod cinecliché than Titanic 's belowdecks .
A plain-spoken film of true grit that tells the dishonorable heartbreak of war like it is . A gem of filmic honesty in an entertainment world obsessed with heroic actions and simple solutions .
The ferocity of -LSB- director Ken -RSB- Loach 's moral wrath carries the movie , makes it ignite on screen -- at least , until he tries to dramatize the fatal split of Ireland through Damien and Teddy , the brothers in arms .
... an action-packed , psychologically violent film that captures the little known history of the Irish fight for independence .
As a document of the shape of political thought , the film is successful ; but as a living , beating heart about a populace living through a time of upheaval and confusion , it 's mediocre .
Refusing the standard flourishes of Irish wildness or lyricism , Loach has made a film for our moment , a time of bewildering internecine warfare .
It 's a dissertation , not a story .
Ultimately , Barley is the antithesis of a feel-good entertainment -- but it is to be commended for its unflinching seriousness .
A dramatic interpretation of the Irish war of independence that is relevant to today 's world . The lesson is that unless you confront the rich at home and abroad , true freedom will not be achieved .
This history lesson about Ireland 's struggle for independence diffuses the drama under the weight of detail , length and commitment to a one-sided agenda .
The film is an exceptional work of vigorous cinematic art filled with dynamic performances by its all-Irish cast . At 70 , Ken Loach is as steadfast a filmmaker as ever .
The Irish dialogue is sometimes difficult to understand butthis is a good primer on the Irish rebellion of 1920 againstBritish occupation .
It 's not a great movie and perhaps not even one of Loach 's best , but it is a solidly made , deeply felt drama that delves into the history surrounding this conflict with a relatively clear eye
Loach has made a film of uncompromising , wintry bleakness , haunted by death and ravaged ideals . The days of hope have never been shorter .
An earnest , handsomely shot and often effective , if overly schematic , drama in the service of a political message .
You 'll get a buzz out of the sensitive filmmaking , superb , naturalistic performances with touches of improv , and a sense of outrage that informs the film 's mood .
I liked the way Loach let his camera run when his actors flubbed lines , but beyond that , Barley is no Golden Palm winner .
Two or three scenes manage a forceful , punch-in-the-gut quality that wholly crystallizes the clear-minded sense of purpose that Loach strives for throughout .
Director Ken Loach has courageously put death , destruction and discourse all over the screen , succeeding best in the atrocities and coming up short in the scenes of political idealism .
The film increasingly short-changes the personal for the sake of the political , despite powerful scenes and another impressive performance from Cillian Murphy .
A bold attempt to convey a complex situation that captures the anger and tensions of early-20th century Ireland , but falls strangely short on human drama .
It is heartening to see the veteran Loach receiving just recognition for a work that ranks alongside his finest .
Beautifully made it may be , but The Wind is a movie that engages the head while never troubling the heart .
Murphy is terrific in the central role and his softly spoken , essentially passive demeanour is used to powerful effect ...
It is a finely made , finely acted piece of work . For this , and for his remarkable and uncompromising career , Loach deserves his golden palm .
A stirring lament for good human beings caught in the crossfire of history .
This account of the British-Irish conflict is too conventional as narrative and too detached as melodrama , resulting in a passable work that 's inferior to Ken Loach 's sronger political films
Powerfully authentic , gripping and emotionally shattering .
-LSB- The film -RSB- lacks the involving sweep of Loach 's earlier historical-political yarn , Land and Freedom .
Atmospheric but pedestrian .






@highlight

Bleak and uncompromising , but director Ken Loach brightens his film with gorgeous cinematography and tight pacing , and features a fine performance from Cillian Murphy .