Gooey sentimentality and group hugs follow , but Vaughn is not entirely unappealing .
Delivery Man , for all of its rough edges , ultimately seeks to celebrate the family relationship , even if it is n't a movie for the whole family .
Based on 2011 's movie , Starbuck , this is Vaughn 's vehicle all the way . All said and done , the movie has its heart in the right place .
A sentimental exploration of what fatherhood means that does n't overdo it with the sperm gags , it 's a rather charming if unexceptional dramedy .
While the story drags at times , Delivery Man is smart , funny , fresh and full of heart .
Vaughn fans will find enough laughs to justify the two hours , but the tonal issues will make it a hard sell for anyone else .
Stiff but tolerable .
Delivery Man has a beginning , a middle and an end . And , for modern Hollywood , a pertinent everyman story to tell , too .
The sheer cognitive dissonance between being told that this character is nice and the baffling deception he pulls on hundreds of people is agonizing , and it makes the story horribly anti-dramatic .
` Delivery Man ' is a little like the main character : just good enough to make you care a little and smile a lot .
Delivery Man starts off strong , but gradually fades into mediocrity courtesy of , well , just too much going on .
While those simple oversights may prevent the movie from achieving perfection , they rarely undermine its earnest endeavor to explore shifting family dynamics and their impact on our ability to connect with others .
It gets mawkish , quite severely so in places , but it 's undemanding and feel good and sometimes funny .
Vaughn gives his shiftless character a surprising degree of goofy charm , but he ca n't halt the film 's inexorable slide into sentimentality and the limp script 's lack of real wit leaves the endeavour looking misconceived .
`` Everybody loves you '' , the fictional father of Vince Vaughn tells Vince Vaughn in Delivery Man , but he 's obviously not read the box office reports on the star 's last few movies .
The tone wavers between the pantomime and the mawkish and while little has been lost in translation , less still has been gained .
It 's warm-hearted , certainly , but ultimately undone by a would-be feelgood central conceit that makes less and less sense the more you think about it .
Alas , the hero is played by Vince Vaughn , a limited actor whose range extends from petulant to homicidal .
Vaughn delivers an unusually heartfelt performance , verging on self-deprecation -LRB- as opposed to the usual smugness -RRB- and it gives us hope that he 's finally growing up .
In remaking his 2011 French Canadian surprise hit Starbuck , filmmaker Ken Scott does n't really try to do anything new .
What is supposed to be funny and heartwarming is instead creepy and stalkerish . There 's no charm or emotional plausibility in a tale that can not work without it .
Of course , it 's schmaltzy and very contrived . But if you 're in the right mood , you might also find it rather touching .
Vince Vaughn , alas , simply does n't have the lightness of touch to give this film the charm it badly needs .
It 's not exactly a relatable scenario , the plot is too thin and episodic and there are few laughs .
Vince Vaughn autopilots his way through this lame , contrived and strangely depressing high-concept comedy .
Objections are washed away by the ingratiating performance of Vince Vaughn .
A one-man show of ill-firing jokes , fizzling double takes and misty-eyed attempts at sentimental wrap-up .
An enjoyable , feelgood comedy with a likeable performance from Vince Vaughn .
Now here 's a novelty - a movie that might make you want to give Vince Vaughn a hug rather than a slap across his smart-alecky chops .
If you want something truly gruelling , try the new Vince Vaughn comedy .
Arriving with the original 's charm intact , the laughs may be on the squishy side but a versatile Vaughn is good value here . Fertile family fun .
This is not the wise-ass Vaughn we 're used to , but instead a fully developed and fleshed out character .
This movie ca n't escape its tight pair of genes : from the paternal man-child side , the low-born comedies of dickish Vaughn-characters past ; from the maternal mainstream-Hollywood side , a nagging tendency towards pretty , simplistic caricatures .
Managing the same generous laughs and difficult shifts in tone -LRB- especially when we meet David 's son Ryan -RRB- , this seems to annoy purists due to the presence of Vaughn who , it 's true , has been dire in some awful movies .
I realise this is a far-fetched comedy but his interaction with some of the kids feels too forced , too scripted .
Aside from a couple sweet and heartfelt moments this movie is a total waste .
Delivery Man has charm to spare .
The film 's premise could so easily have lent itself to very broad comedy , which would have been right inside Vince Vaughn 's wheelhouse . Yet the movie takes a richer , more character-driven route , and Vaughn is clearly up to the challenge .
Delivery Man is a surprisingly heartfelt approach to a very funny premise ; despite taking several unnecessary narrative detours along the way .
Vince Vaughn fails to deliver the comedy but he does atone somewhat with an emotional finish
Vaughn 's juvenile personality is used to drive home all the comedic angles the writers dream up in this entirely plastic comedy . There is hardly a true thing in it , which lets the air out of its tyres and leaves it flat
It 's clear immediately that Delivery Man benefits substantially from star Vaughn 's impressively -LRB- and surprisingly -RRB- subdued performance ...
Takes the term ` remake ' to new levels of literalness and therefore complete , superfluous redundancy .
If movies were buskers , Delivery Man would be a big dorky guy with a ` Free Hugs ' sign .
The story , however , is as sweet as it ever was .
Has a message about family , connectivity and belonging but makes you slog down a long road of soppy , artificially sweet goop to get to it .
A golden comic premise , directed to dross by Ken Scott , who also made the Canadian original -LRB- `` Starbuck , '' from 2011 -RRB- on which this Vince Vaughn vehicle is based .
So is there anything new we can learn from ` Delivery Man ' that we did n't already learn in ` Starbuck ? ' I guess a lot of that hinges on how you feel about Vaughn .
Flaccid as a comedy and even more limp as a heart-warmer .
`` Man '' fails to Deliver
A high-concept situation , and potentially a complex , fascinating study of how family and children shape a life for both good and ill . His life has become a Benetton ad .
Softer and schmaltzier than the original . Vince Vaughn has played this guy before , to better effect .
There are themes of familial connection and responsibility drenched across every frame of it , but aside from a few performances and amusing asides , Delivery Man is a bland translation of a sweet , but already flawed original .
It 's a sweet message delivered clumsily , but effectively . Heck , you might even believe that Vaughn believes in the pap he 's selling . And he - and us - are all the better for it .
Vaughn stumbles through the movie looking perpetually annoyed , as if he 's just been woken up from a nap .
The premise is heartfelt but woefully contrived , and David 's children are mostly one-note stereotypes , with Scott trying to juggle too many narrative threads .
Unlike most Hollywood remakes of foreign-language pictures , `` Delivery Man '' was made by the same filmmaker responsible for the French-Canadian hit `` Starbuck . ''
Comedies are supposed to make you laugh , not cringe . The `` Delivery Man 's '' cringe factor is way up there .
Vaughn again finds himself in a comedy that does n't click on all cylinders , and its attempts at poignancy come too little , too late .
That one of -LSB- Vaughn 's -RSB- first episodes involves a junkie daughter who ODs is a sign that the drama-comedy mix is way more off than expected .
Has Vince Vaughn peaked ? While `` Delivery Man '' is n't his re-breakout role and it 's not in nearly the same comedic league as its `` Starbuck '' inspiration , the film does show you a lesser-seen side : his drama instead of his comedy .
It 's stunning to find just how little meaning and emotion has accumulated , leaving Delivery Man insignificant , unfunny , and uncomfortably artificial .
Calling Delivery Man a `` comedy '' is a bit of a stretch , because it 's rarely funny . Dumb , yes , but not in a way that 's worthy of more than a half-hearted chuckle .
Delivery Man 's competent mix of humor and drama offers a mostly fun and even heartfelt movie experience - one that is neither laugh-out-loud or particularly insightful .
Scott passes the test . Delivery Man delivers , but just . Hopefully his future American endeavours recapture more of the spark that got him here .
Predictable . Yes . However , in spite of a zillion flaws , Delivery Man manages to deliver .
Vaughn makes this remake of a recent hit French-Canadian comedy work .
Instant fatherhood comedy features unexpected heavy moments .
Spending its climax making overtures about risking it all without ever taking a chance itself , Delivery Man ultimately completes its own arc from laziness into outright gutlessness .
Even noting the toned-down performance of Vaughn and the film 's overall amiability , there are some creepy and unexplored issues lurking in the margins of this story that ca n't be brushed away .
`` Delivery Man '' is just a tick away from being a typical Vince Vaughn movie . But , surprisingly , there 's just enough charm in this film about the joys of fatherhood to make it an entertaining exception to my Vince Vaughn rule .
The flat , scrubbed-looking film barely does anything with this premise .
Delivery Man can be pegged as yet another in a seemingly endless series of Apatow-era man-child redemption stories ...
... slight but feel-good entertainment . It probably should have gone right to Lifetime in the first place ...
`` Starbuck '' was a funny and warm-hearted trifle . So is `` Delivery Man . ''
It 's not that the movie is totally terrible , it 's just incredibly misguided .
Vaughn never quite convinces as the perpetual slacker in this blue-collar family -LRB- he does n't even look like he 's from the same gene pool -RRB- and too many of the characters feel puppeteered into place ; you can see all the strings .
Nothing quite seems to fit , as if the movie 's been assembled from bits and pieces of other movies .
While it admittedly has some funny , nice and even touching moments , there 's just something that often feels off about the overall offering as a whole . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Ken Scott 's uneven story suffers through its narrative stumbles , but it overcomes its flaws thanks to an embraceable dose of heart and the loveable-lump charisma of Vaughn .
We speed from one story to the other to the other like a fat guy at a Chinese buffet . We should be savoring some of this , instead of trying to cram it all in .
Delivery Man , with its democratic band of half-siblings and its feel-good view of humankind , is what it is : a reproductive remake that will make you laugh . More than once or twice .
It 's all far-fetched , silly and light . But then it 's supposed to be .
Vince Vaughn can be a ray of sunshine in even the worst movies -LRB- see `` Be Cool '' for the best example of this -RRB- . Here , I just did n't buy him as a loveable sad-sack .
An awe-inspiring achievement : a movie that is 100 % disconnected from reality , without a single plausible moment or believable character .
Delivery Man is n't technically a shot-for-shot remake , but the movie is one in spirit .
Vince Vaughn does what he can to shine in Ken Scott 's Delivery Man , but the film 's lack of heart and soul is too much to overcome .
A moderately affecting heart tugger about the joys of parenthood and the need for stricter regulations on sperm banks
`` Delivery Man '' is nowhere near the worst film of 2013 , but it is definitely the most exhausting .
Let 's just say , whatever your mood going in , you will likely feel a good deal better coming out .
This holiday season it 's Vince Vaughn who stretches his abilities to a new limit ; and while the result may not be the funniest or most touching film to come along , it will at least bring in everyone in your family for a couple of hours .
It 's a concept that could easily rely on being a gross-out laugh fest and be satisfied ; luckily this movie also includes some heartfelt moments and reveals a side of Vaughn that we have n't seen in his recent fare .
A lot like the sperm that sets its plot in motion : it 's mostly white , moves with a viscous sluggishness and is made up largely of glucose . You also would rather not get it in your eyes .
A soggy comedy more focused on stimulating your tear ducts than your funny bone .
Delivery Man is funny , sweet and surprising .
Had they kept Vince Vaughn properly restrained , he may have delivered exactly what the role required . As it is , they gave him too much rope , and the movie suffers because of it .
Delivery Man is desperately trying to retrace the same route as its predecessor , but even with the same road map and driver , this big-budget meat wagon never reaches the same destination .
repetitive , mind-numbing , and comically and emotionally barren
The concept 's execution is sloppy , full of inconsistencies and plot holes . The situations teeter on funny , but never achieve it . And sections meant to be heartwarming feel lukewarm , far-fetched or inappropriately comical .
The undeniable sweetness of `` Delivery Man '' makes its inherent silliness just about forgivable .
-LSB- An -RSB- overly sweet but heart-tugging comedy .
If the movie had embraced its farcical side , I would have been happy to roll with it . But every time it tried to be serious , it revealed lapses of logic that I could n't get past .
A new release has rarely felt so stillborn .
`` Delivery Man '' offers a kinder , gentler Vince Vaughn in a pleasantly ramshackle comedy several rungs below his usual fare in both budget and high-concept assault tactics .
The low-key appeal of the original is replaced here by aggressive mugging , a rinky-dink `` funny '' score , fake uplift and an overall air of feeble banality .
Canadian writer/director Ken Scott remakes his own French Language film `` Starbuck '' without changing a thing but the language and location , missing the opportunity to fine tune the problems with his original haphazard , contrived and unfocused script
In almost every way , the original is a better movie .
The moral here is that you should never try to learn the identity of your biological father because he might be Vince Vaughn .
It 's hard to tell the same joke twice . There 's really just one too many offspring in this scenario , and it 's Delivery Man .
America has successfully exported the slacker and now is getting him bounced back to us like crabs .
This must be the sweetest comedy Vaughn has ever made , and he 's in top form throughout , especially trading barbs with Chris Pratt as his friend and overmatched attorney .
This movie may not be groundbreaking , but it does enable Vaughn ... to break out of his comedy acting rut and become the put-upon character rather than the put-uponer one .
A movie banging the drum of humanism , togetherness and uplift is hard to sneer at for too long . Also , there are some quality jokes .
Delivery Man has sentiment and affability embedded in its DNA , but Scott and Vaughn do n't do enough to nurture the film to its full potential .
Vaughn is one of those actors who tends to autopilot his way through too many mediocre projects . When he goes all in , though , it 's impossible to resist his charm .
Basically a kinder , gentler Vince Vaughn movie for people who do n't like Vince Vaughn movies , `` Delivery Man '' trades the abrasive comedian 's trademark snark for schmaltz - an experiment that actually works better than you 'd guess .
`` Delivery Man '' is stuck in the tow-away zone .
Promising comedic premise is undone by sloppy scripting and way-too-easy , ultra-bland choices in its execution .
The rhythm of the picture feels predetermined by the original , and you can tell , even if you have n't seen `` Starbuck . ''
With its laughs few and far between , `` Delivery Man '' is simply , sadly , not that funny . Or original .
More accustomed to slinging insults than beaming with paternal pride , -LSB- Vaughn -RSB- makes sincerity look as uncomfortable as constipation . `` Feel-good '' does not come easily for the guy .
With its edges sandpapered smooth , the story about an affable loser discovering he has fathered 533 children is rendered ludicrously feel-good and nonsensical .
Delivery Man is one joke stretched to the breaking point . Mine was reached .
Improve -LSB- s -RSB- on the original . That does n't mean that the picture is any less manipulative or simple-minded than its source , only that it 's easier to take .
Stop trying to make sperm bank comedies happen .
Benefits from the estimable comic instincts of Vince Vaughn . It 's just too bad that the movie around him is squishy .
A solid replica of the original , a new film with pleasures of its own that draw upon the appeal of the first film ... not a great film but a decidedly enjoyable one .
It is plainly evident that funny-man Vaughan is focused on a more mature leading man slot in Hollywood 's top-tier and Delivery Man is his most convincing calling-card effort towards that end .
`` Delivery Man '' finds Vaughn going for a slightly softer onscreen persona . Unfortunately , he has n't figured out how to be anyone other than the backslapping dude .
Delivery Man is the worst kind of Hollywood garbage : a movie that sacrifices its star 's greatest skills in order to score a middle-of-the-road hit that neither successfully explores its premise nor makes him look good .
A limp-noodle story about an unlikable guy who manages to grow up and become a marginally less unlikable guy .
The schlubby , aw-shucks look on Vaughn 's face in the omnipresent Delivery Man ads tells you everything you need to know about the ooey-gooey direction in which the film is headed .
Amusing and compassionate , this frothy , feel-good comedy celebrates an unconventional concept of family .
Inferior to the French Canadian original film , but watchably winning .
The kind of Ultra-Lite-Capraesque schmaltz you 're supposed to go torpid with at a Sunday matinee , surrounded -LSB- by -RSB- parents who are probably thanking god that they only have 2.5 kids .
The breadth of Vince Vaughn 's gregarious persona has never been given free reign by any director and this certainly is n't the game-changer .
If this remake of 2011 's French-Canadian hit Starbuck feels as if it 's just going through the motions , Vaughn himself radiates sincerity and good intention . The actor does n't get it right this time , but he 's earned himself another chance .
Vince Vaughn gives his all as a prolific sperm donor in this fluffy , innocuous comedy .
Writer-director Ken Scott does the same thing twice in repurposing his 2011 French-language film `` Starbuck '' into a Hollywood movie that predictably loses something in translation .
Scott lets the remake follow the original almost scene-for-scene and line-for-line but gives the US version a lighter feel and a brighter look .
`` Delivery Man '' is virtually nothing like a Vince Vaughn movie , but rather a heartfelt celebration of the act of parenthood presented under radically exaggerated circumstances .
Offers comedy and sentimentality in equal doses and , unfortunately , equal efficacy -- the jokes , the characters and the situations are n't very funny , and the would-be heart-tuggery is mostly embarrassing .

@highlight

It has an undeniably sweet charm , and Vince Vaughn is eminently likable in the lead role , but The Delivery Man suffers in comparison to Starbuck , the hit Canadian comedy that inspired it .