The result is confusing , unconvincing and more than a little disappointing .
In other words , for fans only .
Somewhere between Almost Famous and Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , Miles Ahead is an oddity as cinematic musical biography that somehow entertains and engages
Bravo to Cheadle for breathing life into this fantastic imitation of the Miles Davis of his dreams .
The film moves freely between flashbacks , memories , and present day scenes , allowing each to bleed into the others . It 's energetic filmmaking , even if it 's often messy .
If you 're looking for a conventional bio-film , you 'll be disappointed . If you want to get inside the head of the ingenious , erratic , enigmatic high priest of jazz , fasten your seat belt and enjoy the ride .
Miles Ahead is a picture that 's totally self-aware , wearing its wholesome references on its sleeve .
Meandering like a jazz riff , Miles Ahead is a curio that does n't quite come off . But credit Cheadle , both in front and behind camera , for refusing to play the easy notes .
Miles Ahead is nothing anyone 's going to fall in love with , but something interesting in its approach to stroke your goatee to , like those jazz albums you pretend to like .
Instead of covering the standard biopic plot points , the film moves into lurid B movie territory .
Cheadle -- directing his first feature -- creates a film whose nerve its hero would surely admire .
A slick , funny , brilliantly styled biopic .
Cheadle makes good use of Davis 's penchant for sly one-liners , adapting his aphorisms into dialogue .
Cheadle -- who co-wrote the script with Steven Baigelman -- may have been trying to be worthy of Davis , who at one point in the movie says that if you 're going to do something , it 's best to do it with attitude .
At once wild-eyed and self-contained , Cheadle as actor is at his apex , which is really saying something .
... Cheadle has n't made the definitive cinematic portrait of Davis , he has ... made a very entertaining , outrageous movie .
As a fictional movie based on true events , `` Miles Ahead '' is impeccable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
For jazz aficionados and Miles Davis enthusiasts , Miles Ahead is about as essential a piece of a filmmaking as any they 're likely to watch anytime soon .
Comes across mostly as `` Comic Sketches of Miles , '' with the musical , beating heart of the film coming in the middle upon the late appearance of his muse and a finale concert .
A very brief film where Cheadle really does n't say much . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The editing is frantic but brilliant . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Miles Ahead is impressionistic , mercurial and wild . The only quibble is that it perhaps misses out on the mystery of the man .
It 's kinetic , assured and interesting , and features a nicely comic performance by McGregor in the straight man role . Cheadle 's heart is all-in on this one , and it shows .
-LSB- Such -RSB- pat psychologizing of a notoriously complex personality undercuts the swirling chaos of the 80s narrative .
This is less about ticking off `` and then and then and then '' boxes and more about exploring the demons the musician grappled with even as his talent drove him , rather than gently inspired him , to create music .
It 's so structurally and rhythmically free-flowing -- so jazzy -- that I think it 's still worth a look .
Don Cheadle becomes Miles Davis in a performance as awesome as his music . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Cheadle 's performance is sublime ... the movie looks absolutely sensational ... Unfortunately , all of this brilliant , top-notch work is undermined by a seriously misguided script ... Recommended with serious reservations .
Cheadle is compelling , but his movie sometimes struggle to make the many elements harmonious .
Cheadle hits the odd bum note , but his affection for his subject is never in doubt . And he gets right under the musician 's skin .
... ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be Ray , Superfly , or Give My Regards To Broad Street .
It may be a tad obvious but I would have called this film Sketches of Miles , not only to earmark his iconic and legendary album Sketches of Spain , but because it accurately reflects Don Cheadle 's style of exploring the Davis persona .
Like the improvised nature of jazz , Don Cheadle 's biopic about Miles Davis brings a syncopated view on the legendary musician and trumpet player 's life as it scats around his turbulent life .
An imaginative and absorbing piece of filmmaking .
Cheadle privileges the music in a way that shows his love and admiration for its creator . He has tried to make a movie that Davis would have liked , something with attitude and intelligence . On that level , Miles Ahead is a beautiful thing .
Don Cheadle turns in a virtuoso performance not only as the star of Miles Ahead , but also as the director and co-writer of this non-linear , beautifully disjointed biopic of the late jazz great , composer and trumpeter Miles Davis .
Miles Ahead is a film that showcases Don Cheadle 's talent . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Messy , audacious and entertaining , a passionate truth about the man , as the filmmaker sees it , hears it , feels it .
An indispensable meditation on the pain of pure creativity .
Cheadle 's performance is both playful and electrifying , transcending the plot 's occasional bum notes .
It is obvious early on that Cheadle is giving us a combination shaggy dog adventure yarn and a marvelous portrait -LRB- not story -RRB- of the man and his music .
Cheadle gives a convincing physical performance , looking and sounding eerily like Davis , but this is otherwise a confounding cartoon . The actor worked hard for the chance to bring his dream to the screen , but the bottom line is , he kind of blew it .
Biopics are n't easy ; I understand the temptation to go totally unconventional . But Miles Ahead just does everything wrong . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
In delivering a piece of Davis 's life , the film does give an overall impression of the man and Cheadle , with those amazingly expressive eyes , has clear affection for his subject .
The gifted Cheadle and music of the legendary Davis do most of the heavy lifting here , but there 's a mesmerizing tempo to it all that takes us through the strange and free-wheeling tale as well .
If Davis can embellish Rodgers and Hart 's It Never Entered My Mind , for instance , then who can complain about a gunfight that did n't take place , but could have ?
Admirable idea . Sketchy execution .
Actor Don Cheadle , the star , director and co-writer of this ambitious biopic , does n't want to play nicely . He wants to play .
It 's a curio for Davis fans rather than a rewarding watch for people , like me , who knew little about him in the first place .
An incredible journey that touches on aspects of Davis 's life , loves and self-destructive urges in a smoothly handled labour of love .
Like Davis 's music , the film 's structure is modal , with Cheadle getting the legend 's changing stance spot on , as we slip on a cymbal splash between his incarnations as the sharp-suited epitome of cool and the coke-addled `` Howard Hughes of jazz '' .
Miles Ahead has attitude to burn , but the riffs it plays on the trumpeter 's life prove as frustrating as they are fascinating .
Miles Ahead leaves out the rise and fall narrative , and there 's no moment where Davis first hears his music on the radio . Where do we send the ` Thank You ' notes ?
The film is alive with some lovely moments that point towards half-grasped possibilities .
Davis 's behaviour is monstrous but Cheadle plays him with such charisma that he seems perversely sympathetic anyway . We root for him .
It 's an odd , disjointed , incoherent film , and only Mr Cheadle 's acting and snatches of Mr Davis 's divine music make it worth watching .
Cheadle brilliantly inhabits one of the 20th century 's outsized geniuses , thoroughly getting under Davis ' skin while bringing a mostly heard but little-seen man to the surface .
Audacious but uneven .
There 's the music , of course . Nothing touches that . But despite the personal nature of this project -LRB- Cheadle developed it for years -RRB- , the notes just do n't come together .
Cheadle does fine work as the desiccated and unstable Davis , but as a director , his visual attempts to match the fiery cool of Davis ' music mostly feel amateurish and flat .
See this movie for Cheadle 's crackling performance and the musical content , not least a concluding comeback performance featuring the real Wayne Shorter and Herbie Hancock in Miles 's band .
Cheadle 's performance is the drawing card here , as the actor finds the musician beneath the bluster .
The movie 's mix of historical touchstones and antic fantasy suggests the influence of the Coens , whose films -- ` Llewyn Davis , ' ` Hail , Caesar ! ' -- similarly suggest that fiction and nonfiction are as permeable and connectable as the skins of soap bubbles .
A fantasy about Miles Davis 's life and music ; loose , free-flowing , a kind of cinematic jazz . An astonishingly assured directorial debut from Don Cheadle .
Writer-director-star Don Cheadle gives a towering performance that the film simply ca n't keep up with ; he 's truly on his own , which is perhaps the way Davis would have wanted it .
Cheadle deserves plenty of credit , but his performance veers towards caricature , and the film does n't quite hit the high notes that it aims for .
It was clearly Cheadle 's intention to make a film as unconventional as its subject , and in that respect he 's succeeded .
As in most biopics , `` Miles Ahead '' blurs the line between fact and fiction . Does it matter ? Davis purists and aficionados may be upset or offended , but for the casual music lover who knows Davis only by name or reputation , the film should prove satisfying .
Miles Ahead riffs on the life of Miles Davis , improvising around the facts available , but somehow still reveals the essence and spirit of the man and his music .
If you want to know Miles Davis ' life story , read -LSB- Miles - The Autobiography -RSB- . But if you want to get a sense of what it was like being around the volatile musician , check out Don Cheadle 's explosive , surreal Miles Ahead .
Cheadle is making his own work of art , as abstract as a Davis album at times , and the actor clearly establishes himself as a filmmaker with a confident visual style and narrative structure .
A jazzy and unconventional tribute to an American icon , `` Miles Ahead '' is quite a ride .
Ultimately , Cheadle 's labor of love prizes the music-making over the music , and maybe even over the man .
-LSB- Cheadle 's -RSB- performance alone is worth the time and price of admission . So is the accompanying music .
This is a tumultuous and messy film that leaves you craving all the Miles Davis it does n't give you , and I would n't have wanted it to be any other way .
Miles Ahead is , blessedly , neither authoritative nor iconoclastic , but it is mischievous , fun and pulses with the funky runs and switchback rhythms of a filmmaker who knows the measures of the man he invokes .
This could be Don Cheadle 's finest hour .
A movie that 's often as sharp as you 'd hope , yet whose weirdly off-key centre stands out like an uncharacteristic cracked note in an otherwise controlled , expressive solo .
Anyone not already familiar with his work will learn virtually nothing about one of jazz 's most important figures .
The problem with `` Miles Ahead '' is n't the playful , broad license it takes with Davis ' story , but that it 's so silly .
Ridiculous ? To be sure . Engaging ? You bet .
A must-see for music fans partial to the odd improvisation and bold re-interpretations .
-LSB- Cheadle -RSB- delivers a spectacular performance . It 's clear that Miles Ahead is the very definition of the term labor of love ... Alas , much like its difficult , cranky , unpredictable and genius subject , it is a very hard movie to love .
It could have become , like so many other biopics , a narrative version of Davis ' Wikipedia page . Instead , it becomes something striking and distinct -- and illuminating .
A gloriously inventive , ingenious affair that thrives on the haphazard , volatile spirit and outlook of this renowned musician .
Cheadle is magnetic , menacing , charismatic and deep in this tour de force .
The story has too many moving parts , and Cheadle ca n't keep them all in play gracefully-but his portrayal of this fantasy Miles seems to strike an almost cosmic connection with the spirit of a man we could never really know .
Eighty percent of what 's in the movie is bogus , albeit largely entertaining . But it 's what 's real that hits the highest emotional notes .
A case of ambition exceeding actual accomplishment-Cheadle tries for a high note in ` Miles Ahead ' that he never manages to reach .
Miles Ahead consciously imitates the blaxploitation era of Shaft and Super Fly , a strange strategy that you ca n't help but smile at . Sometimes it feels hallucinatory , elsewhere it feels silly .
It 's worth the compromises to see Cheadle playing this titan of ` social music , ' to witness the actor at his meanest and bleakest since he played the psycho Mouse in Devil In A Blue Dress .
Miles Ahead ? Miles behind is more like it .
Miles Ahead is more a provocative character sketch than a meaty portrait , but it 's a film that should be applauded for its daring , and for Cheadle 's shape-shifting , soul-baring work .
Cheadle is the right man to play Davis , capturing him in all his madcap glory and fierce musicality . But a more experienced director - Spike Lee or Clint Eastwood , say - might have proven a steadier storyteller .
It 's all a little too pat , though , reducing Davis rather than expanding on him , simplifying him to a driving impulse .
Miles Ahead is a fitting tribute to the legend of jazz innovator Miles Davis .
Miles Ahead has its moments , but the movie is disjointed and , for the uninitiated , probably bewildering . You could say the narrative has the same creative flights of fancy as a Davis ' jazz composition , but that would be a lie .
See it for Cheadle - for his performance and his ambition - but know that his everything-and-the-kitchen-sink approach does a disservice to the man whose life he 's telling .
Even Davis fanatics will probably wish there were more music and less yelling .
Cheadle , a chameleon-like actor , goes beyond capturing the legend 's hushed , raspy voice , precise trumpet fingering , violent temper and showoff wardrobe .
Wildly ambitious , wildly flawed , and worth watching for both reasons .
Of all the music bios sprung on us lately , Don Cheadle 's study of late-period Miles Davis comes closest to capturing the POV of a major artist , even if it 's one in decline .
To quote the man himself , so what ?
a wild , experimental and improvisational treatment of the biopic format -- much like a great jazz riff .
`` Miles Ahead '' gets surprisingly far on the scattered approach , thanks in great part to Cheadle 's visual ambition with the low-budget effort and his lead performance as Davis .
Don Cheadle makes his directorial debut with a musicality befitting his subject while also delivering a career best performance .
Not everyone will agree with how Cheadle answers the key questions , but only a fool would say his take lacks creativity , heart , energy , and a gutsy willingness to take risks -LRB- as Davis says in the film , ` Be wrong strong ' -RRB- .
Even when ` Miles Ahead ' is going off the rails , at least you 're not sure where it 's going next-which is more than can be said for most films of its type .
Cheadle makes the new film worth seeing despite its flaws .
Cheadle shines in dark , labor-of-love biopic of Miles Davis .
Cheadle 's portrayal is right in step with Davis ' paranoia and almost psychotic personality . His scenes with McGregor are vastly entertaining .
Cheadle turns in his finest performance since his Oscar-nominated role in `` Hotel Rwanda ''
-LSB- T -RSB- he movie might be erring on the side of trying to do something different at the expense of its subject .
I found it okay , but at no point did any of it blow me away . -LRB- Parental Content Review - Sex , Profanity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
Miles Ahead is massively entertaining but guided with a shaky hand , at times overly stylized and others stiflingly formulaic , a film whose quest for innovation within its genre may have outpaced its ability to deliver .
A largely inventive and energetic portrayal of a past-their-prime music legend that 's let down by its unnecessary trad biopic beats .
Miles Ahead is n't interested in gritty realism . It is n't really interested in facts at all . But it does seem to capture some essence of Davis that alone would make the movie worth watching , even without the killer soundtrack .
Cheadle is n't always successful , but his efforts work out more often than not . And I 'd rather see an ambitious film occasionally fall short than a by-the-numbers biography , something this movie avoids at all costs .
In a rousing , beautifully shot closing sequence , Davis shares the stage with modern-day jazz musicians . Like most of the film , it 's a bit loopy and a bit trippy , but pretty damn cool as well .
As creatively vivid , turbulent , and timeless as the legendary jazz musician himself .
-LSB- It -RSB- comes so close to being an insightful window into the life and soul of this amazing musician , but remains a superficial , furiously episodic examination of one more musical barrier-breaker succumbing to drugs , alcohol ... and turbulent relationships .
Did Get on Up -LRB- which was disappointing as well -RRB- only depict the later years when James Brown faced personal and professional problems ? No . It showed him getting on up .
The reason I like `` Miles Ahead , '' despite its problems , has everything to do with Cheadle both behind and in front of the camera .
Cheadle the director does n't just depict Davis as larger than life - he portrays the musician as larger than larger than life , to the detriment of the production .
Cheadle is a delight to watch , and by and large , Miles Ahead can be described as his Miles Davis fan fiction .
As glad as fans might have been to have access to another decade 's worth of innovations , still many people wonder to this day , what was -LSB- Davis -RSB- doing ? ... Don Cheadle 's movie , the not-a-biopic Miles Ahead , imagines answers to these questions .
If Miles Davis the horn player is an idol , you can see this movie and still be a fan of his masterpiece recordings . But if you want to know what he was like as Miles Davis the man , you wo n't learn a thing from Miles Ahead .
An improvisational cinematic portrait of a jazz giant whose prodigious cultural contributions play second fiddle to a plethora of his personal failings .
Miles Ahead is held together by Cheadle 's regard for its subject , which clearly emboldened him , as a first-time director , to attempt filmmaking as complex and original as Davis 's musical compositions and improvisation .
Given that Davis 's worshipful fans will be pained by the lacunae , while the uninitiated stare at this shambles of a man , awash in drink and drugs , and wonder what the fuss was about , whom is this movie for ?
Cheadle says , ` I had no interest in making another biopic since I found them full of contrivances and fabrications . You know , ` based on a true story ' . ' So he makes a biopic full of contrivances and fabrications and fictional characters . What a waste !
Miles Ahead '' the album is brilliant ; the movie of the same name is not , but it 's very good , brightly conceived not as a cradle-to-grave bio-pic but rather a musical chart of Davis ' life .
Don Cheadle directs , co-writes and stars in this charming but ultimately messy biopic of musician Miles Davis .
... ambitious directorial debut that winds up a little rough around the edges , sort of like Davis himself .
Miles Ahead is obviously a labor of love , but it falls into the trap of so many biopics about anguished artists - it confuses the anguish with the artistry .
Call it a life story , only funkified .
Cheadle 's performance is pure elegant vulgarity . He curses as if he is speaking poetry . He carries himself like a man who has lived a thousand lives .
Cheadle 's -LRB- younger -RRB- Davis is thoughtful , troubled and ingenious . Unfortunately , the Miles who monopolizes most of the movie - the burned-out , irrational , aimless Miles - is a lot less interesting and much more annoying .
Miles Ahead spends a lot of time struggling with the responsibility of telling its subject 's story . But when it commits its focus to one particularly odd adventure , it becomes a surprisingly fun movie .
Cheadle 's performance ... stands tall in all of this , even when the plot contrivances start to pile up like so much disposable material .
Purists may howl , but they 'll also miss the pleasure and point of this playfully impressionistic movie .
A puerile piece of trash-an adolescent 's fantasy , full of car chases and gunfights-that tells little about Miles Davis and nothing about the vitality of his music .
Cheadle demonstrates some talent behind the camera ... He 's also predictably charismatic as Davis , capturing the man 's raspy voice , hard stare , and infinite swagger .
Miles Davis wanted to try something new . So does ` Miles Ahead , ' and not just because it 's Great Artist movie with a shoot-out .
You can feel Cheadle 's desire to do Miles Davis proud by not doing anything boilerplate . It 's a near miss , but you ca n't help applauding the passion behind it .
Miles Ahead matches music and mood to memory . It feels almost improvised , a creation at once shaggy and fresh .
Even guttered , Davis fascinates , and Cheadle 's tender eyes and scraped-raw whisper prove reason enough for Davis fans to give Miles Ahead a go ...
Nothing was ever easy with Miles Davis . That includes the movie of his life .
Cheadle 's freeness with his format and willingness to try to express Miles ' inner life with rich visuals shows plenty of promise to his future as a filmmaker . But the main liberty he takes with Davis 's story is the film 's sticking point .
-LSB- Cheadle -RSB- chews the role with intensity , but so determined an effort does n't quite compensate for obvious budget constraints , a dubious structure and problematic screen hero .
Cheadle has the right wariness and sad , shocked-open eyes . He can seem at once self-contained and feral . His rhythms are his own .
Don Cheadle 's flimsily conceived Miles Davis passion project ... never lingers in the mind long enough to do the music much damage ... The film is undone not by its interpretation of Davis 's legacy but by its caper plot .
I do n't know why any film about someone as innovative , unstoppable , and crazy as Miles Davis leaves so little impression
What Miles Ahead lacks in biographical detail , it makes up for in attitude , offering an impressionistic and entertaining snapshot that captures the spirit of Davis ' life and career .
`` Miles Ahead '' seems less a treatise on the jazz trumpter 's enduring artistry and legacy than a showcase for its star-director-co-writer , Don Cheadle .
It 's hard to latch on to any thematic connection .
Gives us examples of Davis 's bravado so it never has to tell us how badass he was . Cheadle , who co-wrote the script , knows that showing is better than telling .
Wildly entertaining take on the life of Miles Davis .
Miles Ahead is a more complicated musician 's story , but ultimately it 's still a celebration .
Miles Ahead has no center apart from Cheadle 's commanding presence and his raspy Davis whisper .
Less a character study than an impressionistic portrait of a troubled artist 's internal chaos , it supplies just enough Miles Davis to leave us jonesing for more .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Don Cheadle 's independently produced labor of love is an exquisitely polished love letter to the iconic genius who revolutionized music five times over during the 20th century .
Miles Ahead largely confirms the wisdom of Cheadle 's chutzpah .
Miles Ahead does n't know what aspect of Davis ' life is fit for a movie . It just knows he glows . Cheadle 's commitment to expressing his unbridled creativity and violent flaws makes his attempt worth it .
Cheadle maintains a convincing screen presence that holds the multiple strands together . The actor makes an uneasy transition to the director 's chair , but his performative abilities enhance the movie 's intentions .
Its freeform riffs on highs and lows from the musician 's life are a fine example of structure emulating the ever-evolving style of an artist defined by unrelenting experimentation .
Cheadle ... should be applauded for dispensing with a safety net . Miles Ahead indicates he has an exciting future on both sides of the camera .
Miles Ahead is n't an epic for the ages but it is , undeniably , cool .
A biopic that rejects typical genre conventions to the point of chasing itself down lame , tangential paths .
`` A movie that believes it 's more radical than it actually is . ''

@highlight

Miles Ahead is worth watching for Don Cheadle 's strong work on both sides of the camera , even if this unconventional biopic does n't quite capture its subject 's timeless appeal .