It 's funny , light but thoughtful , and-surprisingly , for a sequel-fresh .
The characters , by virtue of switching roles , deepen , but the emotional content of -LSB- The Trip to Italy -RSB- is lighter than its predecessor -LSB- The Trip -RSB- : it 's more fun but it leaves less of a lasting impression .
Somewhat programmatic , if still entertaining ...
Nicely directed by Michael Winterbottom , the movie is better shot , more carefully constructed , and more emotionally complex than the original .
A comedy that creates moments of deep empathy thanks to its characters and has Italian landscapes that reach narrative connotations . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A culinary journey through the beautiful Italian geography , mired in an irrepressible chattering where Byron or Shelley 's poems are recited . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film in which two men chat , improvise , and , along the way , turn their dialectic rivalry into a fine form of comedy . A trip , perhaps unnecessary but in excellent company . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film conveniently adapted for cinemas that maintains maximum similarities with the earlier work , The Trip -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that starts as a very enjoyable and humorous overdose for the fans of the cast and ends up taking the post humor to a glorious depressive vein . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's very smart and entertaining , and if Coogan , Brydon and Winterbottom want to do a third film , I 'd be more than happy to take another ride with them .
Given the excellence of Coogan and Brydon 's back and forth , the generally lame nature of The Trip to Italy is all the more disappointing .
As derivative as this film may be to its predecessor , funny is funny .
Under the direction of returning filmmaker Michael Winterbottom , their new ` Trip ' is just as funny , sharp , and telling as its predecessor .
Both films are rather light when it comes to narrative , but it is rather fascinating to watch Coogan and Brydon portray their own somewhat unsympathetic meta-analogs .
It 's ` second verse , same as the first . ' Thank God .
You wish they 'd challenged themselves a bit more with this film , and not gone the `` if it worked once , let 's do it again '' route .
Counterbalancing these shortcomings , however , is the comic chemistry of Coogan and Brydon . Numerous sterling moments result from their brainy , breezy pairing .
... yields some big laughs , some picturesque scenery and some amusing celebrity impressions , although it 's not as consistently funny or fresh as the prior installment .
Dueling comics and great scenery
We asked for more , and we got it . But maybe two is enough .
Better than the first perhaps because the cultural references are tied more organically to the emotional state of their characters . Or perhaps it 's because `` The Trip to Italy '' is just funnier , tighter , and more focused .
Here 's hoping Winterbottom does n't wait another four years before cooking up a third course .
A tasty food tour film and a buddy road movie , that registers as a pleasing comedy .
Coogan and Brydon are locked into a routine that reliably amuses but , perhaps , one they have mastered too well to examine their own privilege .
Comedy sequel The Trip to Italy is almost exactly like its predecessor The Trip , and for the most part , that 's a good thing .
an expanded traveling road show of goofy My Dinner with Andre moments without the pretension of hardcore art-house approach
Is it inappropriate to laugh in the presence of a petrified victim of the volcanic eruption at Pompeii , even if that ` presence ' is footage on a movie screen ? If you think the answer is ` Yes , ' then please avoid ` The Trip to Italy . '
A sadder , more penetrating - yet still very funny - work that may linger in the mind longer than The Trip .
`` The Trip to Italy '' does feel kind of like a second helping of pasta - just as tasty as the first , but not quite as necessary .
This hedonistic japery is shot through with middle-aged melancholy and the fear of death .
Consists entirely of dueling impressions , food porn , and spirited breakdowns of Alanis Morissette songs . Of course I loved it .
If it 's your cup of tea , you 're likely to spill it from laughing so hard . Somebody send these two on another holiday .
It 's that melancholy within each man that saves the film from disposability .
Tagging along with these exaggerated versions of the two stars is just about as enjoyable the second time around .
Leisurely and sublimely sybaritic , filled with irrepressibly clever repartee
In Pompeii they confront their own mortality and Brydon does his man in a box bit , never more appropriately .
Director Michael Winterbottom may entice us with five-course gourmet meals and historic hotel rooms formerly inhabited by Bogie and Garbo , but nothing is as appetizing as watching Coogan and Brydon serving up their rolicking improvisational skills .
By the time Coogan is addressing Brydon as Yorick in a skull-filled catacomb outside Naples , the film 's true subject has been made as crystal clear as the case surrounding a lava-crusted corpse in old Pompeii .
In a summer full of sequels , who would have thought one of the best ones would feature two British comedians having even more conversations over dinner ?
The Trip to Italy does n't feel entirely new , but there 's comfort in familiarity , too .
The script 's guideposts are tighter , and both men are even more on their game .
Where comedy provides the tonic in so many films , it 's the hint of reality that pushes in at the edges and changes the pace here . These guys are funny . But they know their longer trip will continue once the last plate of pasta is empty .
If `` The Trip to Italy '' begins shakily , it ends with expansive bliss ...
If you laughed at Coogan and Brydon 's -LRB- sometimes astonishing -RRB- mimicry in `` The Trip , '' you 'll smile again . If not , you probably wo n't go out of your way to find the sequel .
`` The Trip to Italy '' is like most vacations : a few bumps here and there , but over all too quickly .
The Trip to Italy will rekindle an appreciation for that special friend -LRB- or friends -RRB- with whom you can always be yourself , who knows how to make you laugh , who accepts you without judgment and without fail .
The Caine impressions are still good , as they were in the first film , but some of the others are hard to figure out . And much of the material seems stale .
The movie soon grows tedious ; Coogan 's irritation with his traveling partner has diminished significantly , and the laughs along with it .
As we watch , the thought keeps returning , over and over : Why watch these people ? What 's the point ? Film anybody 's trip to Italy , and it would be more interesting than this , or at least equally boring .
With Winterbottom 's first-ever sequel , his `` Trip '' films now rival Linklater 's `` Before '' series in charting how a twosome evolves over time . Plus , they 're bloody hilarious .
Sequels are often criticized , and rightfully so , for merely repeating whatever it is that made the first film a success . But `` The Trip to Italy '' realizes that sometimes there 's nothing wrong with serving up a second helping of a satisfying dish .
Some second courses are delicious , others an acquired taste . This pasta-filled follow-up to `` The Trip '' is a little of both .
Ever been on a trip with absurdly witty people who constantly one-up each other , to the point that it 's either hilarious or exhausting ?
... a stale rehash of its demonstrably superior predecessor ...
If you enjoyed the first trip , there is no reason you wo n't enjoy the second . It 's familiar enough with its brand of improvisational humor , but just different enough -LRB- apart from the location -RRB- to stretch out the expiration date .
This is a sequel that , for a change , was worth making .
Another often hilarious buddy/food/road trip through some of the most picturesque vistas Italy has to offer .
If it 's engaging male banter you crave , it does n't get any better than this .
`` The Trip to Italy '' may not quite measure up to `` The Godfather , Part II , '' the platinum standard for movie sequels , but it 's very funny , and slightly serious , all the same .
While the conceit of Michael Winterbottom 's The Trip to Italy is basically a carbon copy of 2010 's The Trip , this follow up is no less winning and is actually more charming than its predecessor .
A virtual duplication of the original Trip experience .
If Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon were even 7 percent less amusing , `` The Trip to Italy '' would have no reason to exist , even with its casually gorgeous scenery and shattering close-ups of seafood pasta fresh out of the kitchen .
In The Trip to Italy , it feels as if they 're simply doing a routine , and it 's the same shtick we 've already seen .
While Rick Steves possesses an extensive amount of useful information , he may have some competition if Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon ever start compiling travel guides .
It is when they -LSB- Coogan and Brydon -RSB- get serious and move away from the buddy road trip that brings `` The Trip to Italy '' down a notch .
Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon are reinvesting the so-called buddy comedy with the concept that , sometimes , friendship is not enough .
We get more Michael Caine impersonations with garbled `` Dark Knight '' Christian Bale and Tom Hardy takes ... While this sounds like recycling , some of it is side splitting , as is quick-witted punning on such things as a woman 's gait and kumquats -LRB- ! -RRB- .
You come for the conversation , and in that , `` The Trip to Italy '' rarely disappoints .
It 's a skimpy premise for a movie , but it works because the two men are just so darned funny .
I 'd follow these guys '' ` round the horn '' in a second . Maybe that 's where they 'll head next time .
Taken on its own terms , though , it 's a pleasant trifle aided immeasurably by a setting that 's just as sumptuous -LRB- if not more so -RRB- than any of the rustic Italian meals the stars chow down on .
Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon work hard to be funny in this ultimate piece of luxuriant fluff requiring a surfeit of viewer indulgence .
The Trip to Italy ... presents less a narrative than a series of dinnertime conversations between fictionalized versions of Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon .
` The Trip to Italy ' is probably the most fun I have had at the movies so far this year .
As Coogan warns Brydon early on , `` It feels odd to do something for the second time . '' Like all good advice , though , it falls on deaf ears .
Yes , these friends play rough and you would n't want to compete at their table , but through Winterbottom 's funny and slyly serious film , you can experience their creativity from a seat nearby .
The funniest bits are when the mimicry and the insults converge .
The celebrity mimicry and the shouted jokes still ca n't conceal how stale around the edges the concept is getting .
While this second course may not be as startlingly scrumptious as its predecessor , this dandy reunion still serves up a mighty delicious treat .
Neither of the `` Trip '' movies is just random comedy bits ; although partly improvised and deliberately episodic , they are actually carefully constructed narrative films with actors and characters .
Ah , to be famous or just funny enough for someone to pay for your freewheeling jaunt along the Amalfi Coast !
The sumptuous views of gorgeous locations and savory foods combine with the improvised dialogue and behavior to give these movies a sensuous sort of spontaneity .
The pair bicker cheekily and needle each other in clever , amusing ways . At their best , they have almost a syncopated rhythm to their comical sparring .
More very funny impersonations from Rob Brydon and Steve Coogan .
The Trip to Italy 's total lack of necessity has little bearing on its enjoyability .
Even if getting older can be a drag , at least the meals get much , much better .
The result is delectable , in spite of Mr. Coogan 's self-conscious misgivings-meta-commentary on the film itself , one imagines-about repeating the trip .
Coogan and Brydon make terrific companions for us partially because , at least as they appear onscreen , they 're so amusingly incompatible themselves .
The Trip To Italy ends abruptly , but for almost two distinctly pleasurable hours , the film lets audiences be third parties in Coogan and Brydon 's dinner conversation .
As befits its settings , The Trip to Italy aims higher than its predecessor-maybe too high-and is n't as fresh . I enjoyed it , though .
If you go in for allusive British humor that builds slowly from dry to uproarious , as executed by two absolute masters of the form , `` The Trip To Italy '' will work for you , I believe .
Should they go on to explore the dining options of other nations , they 'd be well advised to expand their comic horizons a little bit and leave the phony efforts at drama behind .
As the film moseyed on I wished director Michael Winterbottom would sharpen his focus a bit and get to the point , any point .
At its heart , The Trip to Italy is more than just a travelogue about food . It 's about friendship and the appetite for experience we all share .
As enjoyable as the first movie was , its follow-up successfully evolves that formula into an equally enjoyable film .
Now we know just what to expect from Coogan and Brydon , although as long as you 're willing to settle in for the ride , that 's not necessarily a bad thing .
Underneath the achingly beautiful surface , a sense of opportunities lost and roads not taken often lurks .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Everywhere you look , history keeps rearing its inevitable head for Coogan or Brydon to tickle when they are n't feasting on Italian food and wine . This is a vacation you 'll want to go on more than once .
After all their decades of comical sparring , Rob Brydon FINALLY makes Steve Coogan crack up on camera
The Trip To Italy is a near-perfect sequel once again filled with delectable treats , non-stop laughter , and a slew of impressions that almost outshine the gorgeous plates of 5-Star Italian delicacies .
Michael Winterbottom and his gifted actors still have n't quite solved the riddle of portraying social disconnection in a manner that 's anything other than sporadically involving .
The whole thing is a thin and flimsy travelogue but the banter between the pair makes it better and far funnier than it has any right to be .
I could watch Brydon and Coogan read the phone book , because they 'd make it funny . In fact , watching them eat and riff is not far removed from reading a phone book ; and it is very , very funny . A total delight from start to finish .
But the chief pleasure lies once again in the free-flowing and largely improvised chitchat between Rob and Steve , little sketches and impersonations , riffs built on the latest fads and fashionable cliches .
One would have hoped for a fresher menu of gags , situations and conversation topics ... A likeable travelogue with some lovely scenery , it 's pleasant time-killing stuff .
It 's still a distinct pleasure watching banter between comedic actors this good .
The scrumptious combo of good food , beautiful Italy and the unbridled wit of Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon makes this a compelling affair
While Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon are fun and draw some solid laughs from the limitations of the premise , this particular trip is still baggy and self-indulgent .
It 's difficult to imagine how anyone with even a mild affinity for dry English wit and ennui could be turned off by Brydon 's and Coogan 's sharp brand of self-aware , self-deprecating banter .
There is no denying Coogan and Brydon 's comedic chemistry ; their impersonations are humorous -LRB- especially their elongated bit about The Dark Knight Rises and Tom Hardy -RRB- , but that alone can not carry an entire narrative .
The Trip to Italy is just an assault of laughs ...
Rob Brydon surprises in the best way possible and proves to be the x-factor that makes this Trip to Italy that bit different and more interesting than the first .
British comedians and dueling partners Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon are back in this witty and incisive follow-up to `` The Trip . ''
The Trip to Italy is a hilarious romp through the Italian countryside .
Plenty enjoyable for fans of the first one , but by the end , it also has the consistency of reheated comfort food .
We know the recipe now-Winterbottom never departs from it , giving this installment slightly less kick-but the guys have curious appetites they barely understand .
Coogan and Brydon are endlessly entertaining . Watching these two have a go at each other is a pleasure .
Their improvisation has been honed to the point where the jokes land solidly without losing naturalism and the pair of them are clearly enjoying la dolce vita ...
Coogan , Brydon and Winterbottom journey to the Mediterranean in this warmly enjoyable continuation of their improvised cultural and culinary adventures .
The leads ' tart comedic rapport remains exquisite as they once again play fictionalised versions of themselves , traveling , eating and riffing for our considerable amusement .

@highlight

While perhaps not quite as fresh as Coogan and Brydon 's original voyage in The Trip , The Trip to Italy still proves a thoroughly agreeable sequel .