Every part of the film fits together perfectly , be it the acting , characters , story , direction ; they 're all perfect .
... at its core , Beginners is about finding happiness , even at the end .
Plummer will take your breath away . As a man who learns it 's never to late to fall in love -LRB- or lust -RRB- , he may have wrapped up a best supporting Oscar .
`` Beginners '' ultimately becomes so deeply resonant that you should pack some Kleenexes just in case .
Mills needs to look up from the lint that 's collected in his navel .
Mike Mills treats love and loss with a disarming tenderness and a refusal of sentimentality that make Beginners , his second feature , something of an anomaly among male identity flicks . What a finely wrought , wryly funny , transcendently sad movie this is .
It understands death better than it understands life ; it understands memories more than it understands what to learn from them .
Beginners , beyond its pervasive atmosphere of melancholy and loss , suffers from a little self-indulgence . It 's your typical indie drama .
Plummer , who won an Oscar for this , is that rare actor lucky enough to manage half a century of undiminished dash and elan on screen .
Life begins at death . A funny , engaging romantic dramedy about never being too late to find happiness .
Una historia profundamente humana en la que el director no teme escarbar en sus propios fantasmas . Christopher Plummer se adueña de su personaje de una manera tierna y conmovedora , que le valió el Oscar como mejor actor de reparto .
Good performances by McGregor , Plummer and Laurent . A lot of odd characters in this film . The idea of a cute little dog communicating with people by telepathy worked pretty well .
McGregor and Plummer put on a master 's exhibition of timing , tone and tenacity .
In any other movie , the key character of Arthur , a soulful Jack Russell terrier , would draw all the attention away from the two-legged protagonists , but the performances by the three leads are so superb that everyone is able to share in the glory .
Like his irreverent film Thumbsucker , Mills tackles dark territory but never strays too far into melancholy .
Mills frames the tale with enough melancholy and self-reflection to give Beginners more than its fair share of observational truths .
-LSB- Director Mike -RSB- Mills ... gives the film a celebratory passion in the quiet closeness of father and son and the playful first-person storytelling ...
A quietly moving , delicately mounted romantic drama that touches the heart with resorting to melodrama or an over-reliance on conflict .
endiaferoysa skhnothetikh paroysia poy parapempei se indie paragwges , filtrarismenh me ton aera toy xoligoyntianoy tamperamentoy twn prwtagwnistwn
McGregor and Plummer offer up two perfectly weighted , occasionally humorous and often heartbreaking performances .
Beginners is perceptive , funny and moving .
Veers between being at times rather tedious and at others very moving .
A beautifully understated piece of filmmaking and a playfully inventive style of storytelling are combined to great effect in Beginners .
It does get a bit too cute stylistically , but the easy chemistry between the three leads ensures this adds up to a gentle and often touching charmer .
`` A powerful homage not only to one 's parents but to the power of community . ''
Mike Mills wants his own experience to be an example of a universal truth about all the things he went through when , like Hal -LRB- Christopher Plummer -RRB- , his father , came out of the closet as gay , after a 45 year marriage and on the eve of terminal cancer
A story about the meaning of life , exploring what 's real , what 's important and most importantly what can be sustained
A deeply-felt call to boldness in all its forms , whether it 's romantic , parental or septuagenarian love .
I saw Beginners after hearing from some people that it was too twee and from others that it was funny and moving . I kind of agree with both points of view .
There are some potentially ` quirky ' situational landmines that the writer/director skirts around , but skirt he does , never letting the gimmickry of a scene get in the way of its emotional truth .
If this is style over substance filmmaking , then I do n't think my tear ducts could handle substance over style .
One can only regret this writer-director 's decision to cram so much material into the mix that some fine understated performances , and much of the film 's emotional impact , are obscured along the way .
Beginners is immensely moving , funny and involving , the acting beyond reproach ...
Mike Mills ' new film has all the caricatures of an ` indie ' production but the skilled filmmaker knows how to keep each just in check , and hold firm to a central narrative .
Affectionate personal pic .
Beginners is both touching and life affirming , qualities that many movies aim for but few truly achieve .
It 's one of those movies I ca n't be sure you 'll be tempted by , but I 'm certain that if you are , you 'll like it very much .
Funny , cute and humane , Beginners is a small gem of a film .
McGregor remains a likeable screen presence but , yet again , he seems to be in a never-ending search for a good script and a big hit .
McGregor , in one of his most assured performances , helps anchor a film that could have seemed very fey and far-fetched indeed . He underplays beautifully .
True romantics will fall under its spell .
Decently acted but so uneventful and underpowered that it will stretch the patience of mainstream audiences .
There is a sense of captivating innocence ... that gives Beginners a refreshing vitality and sense of hope amidst a challenging story of embracing change ... to find purpose .
An oddly charming concoction .
It is tonally elusive , cerebral and subdued , but this is a film with a healthy , if self-conscious IQ . It could be an excellent date movie .
Plummer gives a textured portrayal as Hal , but it 's the character of Oliver , sensitively played by McGregor , that rings truest , even when he takes advice from a subtitled dog .
Beginners drones along in a state of melancholic navel-gazing .
One of those movies that I wanted to like more than I actually did . I did like it , but something about it just did n't ring the gong .
Beginners is a frustrating watch as it could have been so much better .
Writer/director Mike Mills , who based much of the film on his own experiences , is the real star here .
Beginners is well acted and has the occasional inspired moment , but its overly self-conscious quirkiness never quite gels with the emotional drama and the end result is disappointing .
It may seem a little too quirky at times , but the film does speak eloquently to a very human malaise .
With good performances and characters , Beginners is an enjoyable , amusing and occasionally poignant watch .
Mike Mills has taken a particularly confusing and painful part of his own life and turned it into a moving expression of acceptance , compromise , and the struggle to overcome obstacles .
If Beginners were a comic , it would devote way too many panels to McGregor and Laurent gazing wanly at each other .
Life-affirming , endlessly witty , and beautifully realized cinematically , the seamlessly flowing Beginners is nigh perfection .
Mills allows one half of his story to subtly shape the other in a way that makes for a more coherent and rewarding tale than its disparate elements suggest .
Oliver flits from depressed to charming and back again as the script requires , ultimately feeling less like a character than a grand contrivance .
In Beginners , the Jack Russell terrier named Arthur proves to be damned cute . Unfortunately , the movie around him is not cute , it 's coy .
Inventive and enriching , affirming that a disarmingly personal , empathetic remembrance has universal appeal .
The film is not about a straight man 's struggle to understand how his father is gay ; it 's about learning that happiness is always possible if you 're brave enough to keep your heart open .
If few things are more tragic than lives wasted in regret and denial , then the converse is true : Little is more life-affirming than the discovery of dignity and meaning .
`` Beginners '' is warm and revealing and bittersweet , if a trifle all over the place stylistically and thematically .
This is a huge step up for director Mills .
Beginners pays tender tribute to that imprinting process , but also , quite dazzlingly , makes a person sincerely believe in the possibility of rebirth .
A strange and beautiful film .
It 's really the acting here that distinguishes the picture , elevating the material and counteracting Mills ' tendency to wallow . Plummer , McGregor , Laurent , and Keller are all excellent . -LRB- Full Content Parental Review Also Available -RRB-
`` Beginners '' is a delightful film - gentle , playful , creative and ultimately happy - though it 's a tricky journey .
This is obviously deeply personal material , which makes one wonder why -LSB- Mills -RSB- felt the need to cloud it with indie confetti .
Mills is making this one for himself , and anyone not in perfect alignment with the movie 's glacial tempo of contemplation will likely become nauseous by the end of this lengthy , cutesy , empty march to the end of life .
Excruciatingly faux-naïve and sentimental ...
Filled to the brim with C-level indie quirk that 's too self-absorbed to even bother to be funny .
The source of Oliver 's sadness is so complex , it 's never properly explained , but McGregor succeeds in convincing us it 's real . And his scenes with Plummer are convincing and loving .
Wwhile there 's plenty of melancholia , there is also sweet wonder and celebration in writer-director Mike Mills ' semiautobiographical tale of a straight son coming to terms with his own love 's possibilities after his father comes out of the closet .
In his follow-up to Thumbsucker , writer-director Mike Mills continues to evoke a state of perpetual adolescence : the only fears given real weight are of not being liked and of having to behave like a responsible adult .
Beginners finds life both ripe with possibility and ensnared in the past . But then every morning is a beginning , right ? If only we could remember that .
The soap-opera-style plot is draped in heavy folds of sadness , but the acting rescues it .
It 's way less Lifetime movie than it sounds , promise .
It 's an embarrassment of emotional riches -- some pure and crisp , others cloying . This is a film that delights one moment and , the next , gets bogged down in its morass of feelings .
An affecting film by Mike Mills that makes a virtue of its own awkwardness .
It 's a quiet little gem .
Cuts the whimsy with melancholy ... its case of the cutes is n't terminal .
I understand if you ca n't bear to see one more story of a moping single guy who ca n't commit , but consider making an exception for `` Beginners . ''
It 's a movie about untangling roots in order to grow .
Watching the film is like spending two hours consuming fat , sugary doughnuts of self-pity .
It 's warm and perhaps a little too heartfelt , but it 's grounded in the three central performances .
Plummer turns out to be nearly the only reason to see Beginners , which is on the whole an impossibly dreary film .
An effective portrait of a damaged individual uncertain about the meaning of love and commitment and the two key relationships in his life that teach him lessons about both .
Mills weaves emotional storylines together -- and anthropomorphizes a canine -- without stumbling into sentimentality . It feels true , lived-in , every single moment .
One of my favorite films in 2011 .
A surprisingly accomplished mix of romance , comedy and drama .
You know you 're in the hands of a superbly gifted filmmaker when he can pull off a talking dog .
Joyous in the places we 're accustomed to misery .
Meaningful yet told with a light hand , touching yet a little undernourished .
Mike Mills ' wistful , wonderful `` Beginners '' feels a lot like life - it 'll make you laugh , it 'll make you cry -LRB- well , me anyway -RRB- and , by its end , you 'll feel as if you 've learned something .
Beginners is the story of adults who are beginners at love but who are slowly , scene by scene , moving forward in their journey .
Mills has crafted a meditation on a huge chunk of life , and he and his cast have made a moving and lovely thing of it .
Tenderly told and exquisitely performed , this is a gentle wonder , with characters we root for and emotions we believe in .
`` Write what you know , '' the standard advice goes , and filmmaker Mike Mills -LRB- Thumbsucker -RRB- knew he had a compelling family story to tell .
Many cherish this film . To me the cuteness feels pushy .
It 's a hopeful fable with deep optimism and a cheerful style that kids itself .
This is a bright-looking movie with a long face that seems to have learned nothing about life from death but clichés .
At 81 , Christopher Plummer gives an Oscar-caliber performance -LRB- and one of his very best -RRB- as a late gay bloomer in this touching romantic comedy .
What a delicately and charmingly off-center movie .
As it turns out , nothing drastic happens nor are they drowned in darkness , but Mills does evoke a mood of melancholy and poignance , and suggests with rueful fatalism how the burden of memory jostles with the delight of falling in love .
Touching , and it has a tender side to it .
Charmingly quirky and cheekily audacious , the story of a young man and the changes caused by his elderly father 's late-in-life revelations is crafted with sweetness and originality .
Beautifully cast and expressively told . It has the stamp of the exquisitely personal about it .
Engages the ambiguous and contradictory building blocks of human existence with wisdom , wit and thoughtful humility .
Plummer 's turn as Hal the movie just seems to radiate importance .
It is a marvel of storytelling and character , telling a relatively familiar and potentially melodramatic tale in a way that feels different , new and profound .
Beginners is all about human ambiguity , contradiction , shades of gray , and the inherent imbrication of the joy of having something and the terror of losing it .
Beginners is n't bad , exactly , but Mills focuses much less on the father-son stuff than on Oliver 's off-and-on liaison with a pretty French actress .
The sort of movie you never really stop wanting to love , even as it flits about and tests the boundaries of your attention . Warm , full of life and tidbits that illuminate life and love in elliptical fashion .
BEGINNERS somehow manages to be playfully quirky , with hilariously deadpan dialogue and many cute moments ... and at the same time , it 's absolutely heartfelt .
... the film belongs to the irrepressible Plummer who radiates an infectious joy of life and whose spirit watches over all .
All the gimmicks in the storytelling ... ca n't camouflage the fact that the story itself was never quite worked out .
Sweet moments of subtle comedy and straightforward family drama mix perfectly with Mike Mills ' trademark artfulness in Beginners .
Chock full of honest , believable , gripping emotion .
A beautifully humane , sweet and intelligent movie that knows exactly what it is at every moment .
Ranks among the most affectionate and sensitive portraits of homosexuality ever crafted by a straight person .
Certainly grows on you , despite all of the twee touches .
Laurent and McGregor are the year 's most appealing screen couple , their scenes together so realistic they seem improvised .
A buoyant and disarming drama about sons and fathers , death and dying , living and loving and all the ways we find ourselves starting over , hoping to finally get it right .
Delicate business is being transacted in this touchingly personal and altogether extraordinary film from writer-director Mike Mills . Beginners is one from the bruised heart .
he performers are charming , particularly Ms. Laurent and Mr. Plummer , with his killer eyes -LRB- still seducing after all these years -RRB- and a voice that echoes in your ears .
The film 's special mixture of sadness , comedy and hope sneaks up on you and stays in your memory .
Far from a feel-good movie , but uses deep and at times upsetting emotion in the best way . I sympathized with the characters ' plight and , to my surprise , that made me feel good .
Does n't entirely avoid affectation , but overall it 's a touching story of two generations , father and son , each striking out on a new path .
The material with Plummer is so spectacular -- exuberant , poignant , vastly entertaining -- that it swaddles the rest of the film like a warm blanket .
... a small wonder to behold . Mills fashions the set-up for an overwrought , thoroughly depressing character study into an oddly charming comedy .
While the picture sometimes groans under the 200-pound whimsy of Mills ' filmmaking , it 's also often touchingly direct .
For all the death and psychotherapeutic gamesmanship going on , this film is a comedy
On paper , it all could have been too cloying or self-conscious , but writer-director Mike Mills finds just the right tone every time . He also draws lovely , natural performances from Christopher Plummer and Ewan McGregor .
Beginners is not culturally astute .
Played with just enough whimsy to be funny and just enough reality to be bittersweet , Mike Mills ' Beginners is a film with a light touch dealing with heavy matters .
This overloaded soap opera is so obsessed with sadness that it becomes a turnoff .
Mills delivers another film full of poise and poignancy that 's emotionally-devastating , but also an enjoyable experience .
That deceptively delicate surface masks a movie with an unflinchingly tough heart .
Even the clichés in this warm mood piece seem unpredictable and without contrivance .
It 's strongest as the story of an artist who , in his own way , has only begun to come out .
... the humans in Beginners never shape up into idiosyncratic , flesh-and-blood folks who get under our skin and engage our deepest emotions .
An unusually gratifying film about a playful 75-year-old man 's zest for life and its effect on his serious and lonely 38-year-old son .
Arthur might have stolen this one were it not for a cast that inspires you to empty out your bag of superlatives .
Plummer ... creates an inspiring , fully rounded man in late bloom , and McGregor responds with a performance to match .
-LRB- Review included within an interview with writer-director Mike Mills . -RRB- Christopher Plummer and Ewan McGregor ... deliver excellent performances . A touching movie with truly universal appeal . One of the five best GLBT-themed narrative films of 2011 .
A too-quirky dramedy that warns : Life is not forever .
Virtually every moment of introspective tenderness mustered up by this trio ends up undermined by Mills ' super-precious execution .
... the pervasively uneven atmosphere is essentially heightened by the ongoing emphasis on off-the-wall elements .
Deeply poignant and disarmingly personal .
The movie 's playfulness rubs off on the actors . Scenes crackle with life . The chemistry among all the actors is terrific .




@highlight

Wearing its twee heart on its sleeve , Beginners explores the depths of modern , multi-generational romance with wit and depth .