Behind-the-curtains has never been more ravishing nor more rewarding
This rare , behind-the-scenes dance film , which is more a profile of dancers than of the dance , shows that Russia and its famed Kirow are still the world 's core of ballet .
Dance aficionados will be sent over the moon by this compelling documentary from director Bertrand Norman , chronicling what it takes to be a prima ballerina in the Mariinski Theatre .
As dazzling as they can be in performance , the ballerinas are even more breathtaking when a camera catches them alone in the shadows , dancing only for themselves .
... in its simplistic , by-the-book delivery , Ballerina does give an inkling of the blood and sweat hidden underneath the ethereal beauty of classical dance .
The movie is an admirable look into the venerable St. Petersburg company and how dancers thrive or just survive in the physically challenging world of dance .
It 's too levelheaded , too aesthetically old-fashioned and academic .
A jewel of a documentary .
While the mysterious air of the ballerina is preserved , a chance to reveal the real people behind the iconic , ethereal image is squandered .
... Ballerina looks behind the scenes ... to offer a closer look at the system of selection , training and rehearsal which keeps Russian ballet the envy of the world .
Even those skeptical of ballet will likely be entranced .
Not as perceptive as Etoiles or as ... entertaining as Ballets Russes , -LSB- but -RSB- still a glimpse into a priviledged , ruthlessly demanding world few outsiders ever get to see .
Such a brief glimpse into these women 's lives and art whets the appetite for more ; alas , Ballerina ends far too quickly , leaving only their willowy shadows behind .
Anyone who knows about ballet will find much to recognize in the lives of these young women , but for those who do not , the film will be a revelation .
Mildly compelling and somewhat fascinating , but often tedious , incomplete and lacking enough insight about what it 's truly like to be a ballerina .
Ballet lovers will enjoy the footage of the young ballerinas taking command of their respective performances .
That something so beautiful can exist in this modern world is , itself , a source of wonder .
Ballerina will be of interest mostly to balletomanes , but even folks who do n't know their right foot from their left will find inspiration in the lives of these devoted dancers . Besides , who is n't moved by Swan Lake ?
If only a glimpse , the privilege compensates : one wants more from Ballerina because the world it reveals -- elegant and harsh , glamorous and grinding , classical and obsolete -- proves so rich in exquisite contradictions .
A refreshing and illuminating portrait of five new stars in Russian ballet .
Watching these women perform is a striking lesson in ballet 's rigorous aesthetic alchemy -- and the extreme , exquisite individualism that prevails .
Ballerina has the feel of a propaganda puff piece put out by the Russian tourist board .
A close-up but still , one senses , heavily idealized documentary portrait .
Skillfully written and entertaining documentary that is also a clever investigation into the professional lives of the world 's best dancers , the ballerinas of Russia 's Kirov Ballet .



@highlight

A straightforward documentary about five Russian ballerinas , Bertrand Normand 's Ballerina is enlivened by a fairy-tale sensibility .