There are so many up-angle , slo-mo , 360 camera pans that it starts to feel like every actor is standing on their own personal Sit 'n' Spin .
For -LSB- Michael Bay -RSB- , storytelling exists only to justify senselessly bashing some big shiny noisy stuff into other big noisy shiny stuff till your ears bleed for mercy .
It 's just a piece of raucous vulgarity whose greatest virtue is the presence of Wahlberg and Johnson . They 're amusing and oddly likable as two amoral , reprehensibly violent dopes .
The most shocking thing about the new Michael Bay film is ... not the orange , grunting criminals pumping a -RRB- iron , b -RRB- fists and c -RRB- other people , but the gradual realisation that this could be Bay 's most intellectual film yet .
Not for the kiddies , this immensely entertaining flick is a hard-R romp through seedy South Florida .
Maybe he 's trying to do ` GoodFellas ' - style dark comedy -LRB- the copious voice-overs would certainly suggest it -RRB- , but put as charitably as possible , Bay is no Scorsese .
Bay 's worst film to date and the biggest piece of evidence yet in the case against him .
Fargo for jerks .
An often hilarious black comedy with a nicely embedded moral .
While Pain & Gain often frustrates , Bay 's overwhelming cinematic sense is undeniable .
Michael Bay has finally made a film worthy of deep consideration .
It 's hard to see how any of these experienced actors , none of whom are convincing , saw the funny side of this or the appeal of their characters .
Pain & Gain weighs about 700 pounds when it ought to weigh 2 .
Rather than take its true crime caper inspiration seriously , it pawns off its real-life players as dumb action figures and has little respect for the victims involved either .
While not a faithful re-enactment of a horrific true story , Pain & Gain will certainly please those looking for cheap thrills
... the film occasionally approaches something resembling satire . Bay 's attempts at humour are not always insightful though - a dead woman 's breast implant still gets giggled .
Michael Bay 's lurid crime comedy Pain & Gain is as excessively pumped-up as you would imagine , a berserk , overblown action movie on steroids .
Pain & Gain is Michael Bay 's best film yet , fusing his high-octane and in-your-face directing style with pitch black comedy that makes for the funniest film of 2013 .
Lugo and his confederates feitishized the human body , were steeped in misogyny , and had scant intelligence , emotional or otherwise . Their story is brought to the screen by Michael Bay .
This is Dwayne ` The Rock ' Johnson straining every sinew to deliver the heavy duty performance of his career .
Might this be the best Michael Bay film ever ? We know what you 're thinking . But we mean it in a good way .
A movie in which women are either pouting , flesh-baring sluts or morbidly obese figures of mockery with terrible personal hygiene , where rampant homophobia is deemed funny and laddish , and where crude racial stereotyping is acceptable .
The closest Michael Bay 's natural style for flash really feels like an organic extension and expression of the material 's narrative and characters rather than mere surface gloss .
-LSB- Bay -RSB- tries to be funny , and it turns out to be even more brutal , loathsome and crude than his previous efforts .
The performances are first class and help make you warm to the lunkheaded trio against your better judgement .
The uneasy blend of comedy and ultra-violence will turn some viewers off but , if you can stomach it , you may find yourself curiously entertained .
Michael Bay 's muscle-bound satire is Bad Boys on ` roids . And that 's not a good thing .
Forgive me while I weep in despair . Pain and Gain is awful beyond imagining .
There 's something inspired about putting Michael Bay in charge of a brazen action-comedy about gym-pumped knuckleheads who screw up their own criminal masterplan most royally .
Spirited and very funny , this movie should actually be rather disturbing since it 's a true story about torture and murder .
Along with comedy dismemberings , farcical GBH and the barbecuing of human hands , the movie offers the equally gruesome spectacle of a metaphor being clubbed to death .
A scabrous satirical swipe at not only the knuckle-headed machismo the director seems so enthralled by , but also at an America crippled by consumerism .
Labelling a Michael Bay movie thoughtful is like calling Transformers cerebral ... but this is a lot more stimulating than we 've come to expect even if reverts to shoot 'em up type by the end of its pumped up running time .
A bleak , bitter , wicked pleasure that holds up the underpinnings of modern America - self-help , Jesus , and violence - for ridicule .
The first hour may be Bay 's career high point : it 's fast , freaky , gloriously tasteless and startlingly pointed in its attacks on western insecurity , shallowness and greed .
Ultimately , cinema is a form of entertainment and this picture does nothing but entertain .
120 minutes of this bloated vanity project is plenty painful , while demonstrating that the world has little to gain from Bay relaunching himself as Steven Soderbergh .
Michael Bay goes back to a Bad Boys budget and a big boys ' rating , for a true-life crime story that 's inconsistent and frenetic , but also funny and wilfully outrageous .
Without having to worry about giant robots or special effects so much , director Michael Bay gets the chance to properly exercise his talent for film comedy , a quality that laces a lot of his films and that too many critics are loathe to acknowledge .
It 's social commentary so slick and scathing letting it wash over you feels like getting lubed and chafed at the same time .
An entertaining spin on macho theatrics with amusing lead performances and a bizarre true story to tell . Definitely worth the effort .
Like all of Bay 's work , it 's over-the-top , brash and exhausting to watch . But like the lifestyle its characters aspire to , there 's an allure too .
Agony
Michael Bay , burdened with glorious purpose , pours his everything into Pain & Gain ; the closest thing to an indie-spirited passion project he will likely ever make ... It works . I ca n't believe this thing actually works .
Subject matter that actually suits Bay 's usually obnoxious approach to film style and storytelling . Pain & Gain is bewildering , fun , repugnant and enthralling .
Pain & Gain had the potential to be a great `` truth is stranger than fiction '' tale . Unfortunately , it 's been turned into a dull , uneven movie .
Michael Bay tells this story like a black comedy ; not noir , Bay does n't do noir . He does noisy . And the story certainly is black and the comedic juices are well squeezed out of every opportunity
All in all , there is plenty of pain and little gain in this heavily laced Bay epic that ticks over the two hour mark and leaves us brow beaten and weary instead of incredulous and entertained
A fascinating yarn that could have provided for stunning story fodder . Thanks to spirited turns from his three leads , Michael Bay just about gets away with it . But only just .
There 's an uneasy disconnect between how detestable the characters are and how the movie treats them .
Packed with graphic torture sequences and stinging comedy , this fact-based film 's is bogged down by its unevenness .
... just another palpably excessive endeavor from a filmmaker lacking in anything resembling restraint .
The lead trio might be physically imposing , but like their characters , the film is all brawn and no brains .
-LSB- Michael Bay -RSB- takes a stab at crafting politically incorrect satire , but his tone is so mean-spirited , it churns the stomach .
Sometimes you only know it 's a comedy because familiar comic actors - -LSB- Tony -RSB- Shalhoub , Rob Corddry , Ken Jeong and Rebel Wilson - pop up amid the mayhem .
His slow-motion prowess and action-film chops add a surreal element , but Bay 's camera leers at the world the same way his characters do . He wants to celebrate his `` heroes '' at the same time he 's making fun of them , but his delivery gives him away .
That it comes from Michael Bay could well be its greatest asset - and its biggest liability , depending on how you feel about the ` Transformers ' director .
Pain & Gain is a shockingly amoral movie yet occasionally rambunctious enough to make viewers overlook that .
His characters are aggravatingly idiotic , the mood is belligerent , and the pacing is erratic . But worst of all is the humor . Bay may be the least funny director alive .
Covered in an impenetrable layer of irony that evinces the smuggest imaginable contempt for the characters .
Why Michael Bay tried to make a dark comedy out of a heinous true crime is beyond me .
While I will always hate Bay , this is actually an okay movie .
In between scenes of the muscleheads torturing their victim , Bay indulges his taste for treating women as sluts and grisly brutality as a nifty excuse for a cheap laugh .
Bay applies his action-on-steroids style to a movie about guys actually demented from doing too many steroids , taking his cinematic excesses to the next level .
A dark comedy about muscles , murder , and the American dream .
Bay could 've paid for Pain & Gain with the spare hundreds he keeps around for cocaine straws .
Not able to get out of the way of a promising movie , Michael Bay , with the apparent support of scripters Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely , smothers the project in the sort of juvenile hijinks we had hoped he would skip this time around .
In this quirky , chaotic , dunderhead comedy caper , too much pain is inflicted for very little gain .
Full of great performances , and , sometimes , is amazingly compelling .
With its over the top beefcake humor and featuring Dwayne Johnson 's most impressive acting to date , Pain & Gain is so much fun because it 's so crass and so ludicrous .
-LSB- Casts -RSB- the fictional approximations of the real-life victims as somehow deserving their fate in an effort to create sympathy for its three bumbling anti-heroes . In other words it 's an insult to true stories .
an R-rated , steroid-fueled Looney Tunes cartoon
It 's a moderately funny , largely deplorable narrative with entirely unlikable leads , but thanks to its true roots , it gets away with it .
You wo n't forget it easily ; it just needs to find a better way to make its surprisingly pertinent points .
Watching Pain & Gain is like having a stand-up comedian scream his entire act right into your year . After a while , it just becomes obnoxious and oppressive .
At least when Moe hit Curly in the head with a hammer it was n't the re-creation of a real crime .
Now -LSB- Bay -RSB- hits new levels of both artistry and sleaziness in the black comedy Pain & Gain , which I strongly recommend if you do n't overvalue taste , subtlety , and moral decency . I liked it .
Michael Bay = More pain than gain .
I loved Pain & Gain . I thought it was great . It shows that if you give Michael Bay a good script , he can kill it .
It 's wild and engrossing and , it bears repeating , completely true . You can look up the entire , stranger-than-fiction news story that it 's so painstakingly based on in the Miami New Times -- but do yourself a favor and see the movie first .
There 's undeniable humor in this comedy of errors of three bumbling criminals , and Wahlberg , Johnson , and Mackie strike the right tone in their performances .
-LSB- Bay -RSB- is trying to turn what could have been an odd little story about a group of deluded losers into a candy-coloured blockbuster . Like everybody 's biceps , it 's over-inflated .
In walking the impossible tightrope of violent satire , Bay succeeds by calling up one of cinema 's most powerful and least-understood languages : the relationship the audience has with the people onscreen before the film even begins .
For the first time in a hugely successful career , he showed a sliver of something more sophisticated , and for that , I applaud the man for the first time .
Pain & Gain is n't a bad movie but it is a flat adaptation - only telling the story of the Sun Gym Gang without adding worthwhile insight -LRB- or many laughs -RRB- .
Bay only knows how to pitch his movies at one level : all bombast , all the time . And you ca n't help but feel that he kind of admires these murderous morons ' sloping-brow sense of joie de vivre .
For his first post - `` Transformers '' production , Bay goes a little too far at making stupidity and violence appear alluring and sexy .
This crude and ugly entertainment is as crass as everything this depressingly successful filmmaker has done .
It 's official . Michael Bay , director of the Transformers clobberfests , knows how to make movies about humans , too . The problem is , he thinks humans are robots .
This is one helluva story -- and , it 's true !
It 's violent , gory , sexist , homophobic and politically incorrect -- and also very , very funny .
Overlong , dull and dimwitted , Pain & Gain ends up fetishizing the warped muscle culture it set out to lampoon .
What burns me up about Pain & Gain is that the trailer , and even the excerpts shown on TV , make it look like fun .
Somebody 's real life murder should not be this much fun . But it is . And who knew the Rock would ever be this good an actor .
I found that it could n't pull off the high-wire balance act above its black comedy environs , with the distasteful ` comedization ' of the grisly true story only adding insult to injury . -LRB- Complete Content Details for Parents also available -RRB-
For the first half , Bay is completely dialed into this material , his frat boy sense of humor and overblown visual sensibility complimenting the story and setting .
The film is so inept and hateful that asking what it thinks about anything seems like dividing by zero .
It may be the best movie Michael Bay 's ever made . And suggests that , if you just kept his toys put away a little longer , someday he might even make a better one .
For Michael Bay fans , Pain & Gain may be his masterpiece , where the director 's collision of testosterone-fueled action and blunt wits is perfectly in keeping with the subject .
Bay does n't have the operatic panache of Quentin Tarantino . At well over two hours , `` Pain and Gain '' should have gone for lean and mean .
`` Pain & Gain '' is the type of film that makes you feel like need a shower after you watch it .
-LRB- This movie is -RRB- Michael Bay talking down to his audience , addressing previous criticisms about excess and hyperbole by offering equal amounts of both .
Michael Bay 's comedy is energetic and edgy , but the fact that it 's all based on a real-life tragedy mutes much of the comic potential .
For most directors this film would be high octane , but for Bay it 's practically a three hour art house film showing a flower blooming in excruciatingly slow motion .
Bay needs to get credit for going outside of his comfort zone and making a surprisingly small , dark , quirky , funny movie . There is a real Coen Brothers vibe .
What starts out as an irreverent comedy with action elements turns into lurid , unpleasant masochistic viewing .
It 's like a giant sculpture that is so strange and off-putting , it 's instantly , intriguingly post-modern . Swept up in the film 's pile-driving self-assurance , even Bay-haters may absorb the pain to enjoy the gain .
Skillfully made , genuinely funny and appalling for making light of true horror .
The combination of the words `` Michael Bay '' and `` steroids '' should be enough to give any moviegoer pause ...
`` Pain & Gain '' brings the pain , but it 's difficult to see the gain .
The whole thing is played for laughs that almost never come .
The story is too inherently fascinating for Bay to completely screw it up , but he comes close .
Pain & Gain may find its audience , but this might not have been the best week for it .
Kudos to Bay and his screenwriters for making sure we 're laughing at them , not with them .
PAIN & GAIN is a big middle finger to all the Michael Bay haters out there . It 's crass , crude , vulgar , raunchy , gross , gratuitous , and I loved every minute of it !
This is sleazy , abrasive entertainment , and that 's a compliment without backhand .
It is refreshing to see Michael Bay make a film that has grounded story instead of a special F/X extravaganza .
Michael Bay delivers a terrific , violent , funny heist movie . Wahlberg once again throws himself into the role without movie star ego . He 's fabulous - as it seems - always . I learned a lot about bodybuilders .
In the hands of the Coen Brothers or filmmakers of that ilk , the story may have worked .
Ed Harris steals the film as a former cop-turned detective .
Michael Bay sends a clear message to those of us who 've been making fun of him : He 's been in on the joke the whole time .
Bay seems to have been gunning for something along the lines of `` Blood Simple '' or `` A Simple Plan , '' but `` Pain & Gain '' is just plain simple .
The satire is as subtle as , well , a Michael Bay movie .
Wants to be a goofy blend of farce and violence but comes off as a nasty , brutal , cringe-inducing misfire .
It makes for some stupid/slap-shtick fun of the Stooges variety -- that is , if Larry , Curly and Moe had been hunky gym rats engaged in illegal activity .
This is n't great cinema , but it 's vastly entertaining in an overblown , in-your-face sort of way .
I left Pain & Gain wondering how it managed to be both Bay 's most off-putting movie and his most artistically successful .
Pain & Gain is one of the most truly crazy , ludicrous , self-reflexive , irony-free , bizarre , and entertaining films to get wide release in quite some time .
Not only hollow and assaultive , but frenzied , madly violent and skullnumbingly loud .
Pain & Gain brings fun to the multiplex with its story of knucklehead bodybuilders with pumped-up dreams and 98-pound weakling brains .
I 'm still not sure whether to mildly like or mildly hate this movie .
Yes , I just gave a Michael Bay movie four stars . No , I do n't think I 've gone crazy .
Words I thought I 'd never type : I have a newfound respect for Michael Bay .
-LSB- Bay -RSB- blankets the film in a tone of smug self-awareness that obscures everything but its bald hypocrisy .
Even when Pain & Gain plumbs the depths of tastelessness , it looks and moves like a high-powered sports car .
But at heart , it 's still a Michael Bay movie : loud as a Harley at midnight , empty as a dance club at noon , yet as beautiful to look at as a sunrise in Miami , where it 's set .
Intentionally ugly and mean-spirited , Pain & Gain somehow believes itself to be a coked-out , body-smashing good time at the movies . Instead , it 's quite a chore to sit through .
Wahlberg and Johnson are the saving graces of an in-your-face movie about weightlifters who kidnap , extort and dismember their victims .
`` Pain & Gain '' could have been a dark comedy about lowlifes chasing the high life , but lacks the guiding vision to hold its clashing elements in balance .
... only sustains itself long enough for the lads to accomplish the first step of their plot before devolving into a morass of overload , dry stretches , Bay 's predilection for cheap titillation and behavior too ugly for fun .
Plays like `` Fargo '' for idiots .
`` Pain & Gain '' is good enough to be disappointing , which represents some kind of progress for Bay .
A brash , vulgar , exhilaratingly vigorous , spontaneously complex hoot of a true-crime movie .
A dizzying lowlife saga that 's fast , smart , wicked , sort of ambitious and blazingly ironic .
Behind the lunatic corruption of Pain And Gain there 's a kind of monstrous clarity . Do with it what you will .
Bay ... does n't seem to realize the film has gotten away from him . He 's still trying to maintain the same jaunty tone even after the content 's gone gruesome .
You may feel the grisly laughs sticking in your throat .
Yes , the canon invoked for this film is that of the Three Stooges , but it 's still not as magnificently berserk as they can be . Set your expectations carefully for this one .
` Pain & Gain ' is still a bad movie . It 's just not the same bad movie Bay has been making for the past 15 years , and that has to count for something .
Some of Bay 's go-to tricks actually inject some juice into film , and I 'll at least admit that no one polishes a turd like Michael Bay . But does it still have to smell so bad ?
I did n't hate watching this movie , it held my interest . It 's way too long at over two hours , and even if it was a breezy 85 minute joyride , it would still have that fatal flaw : Michael Bay is the guy calling the shots .
In telling a true story about hapless thugs who are the embodiment of Michael Bay fans , the director has made the most fiendishly enjoyable movie of his career .
Bay 's trademark theatrical flourishes and grandiloquent effects work do n't overwhelm the engrossing story or some noteworthy performances . And for Bay , that 's saying a lot .
You ca n't thread a needle this fine with a script filtered through Bay 's puerile id .
Pain & Gain is a twisted byproduct of American fantasy ... a sharp bit of satire that provokes .
Michael Bay has the brain , camera skills , and balls to make this movie a tough as it can be . But he does n't have the inclination to slow down and trust the drama .
Like its anti-heroes , Pain & Gain imagines itself to be Robin Hood on steroids . Instead , it 's your drunk friend who thinks he 's the life of the party and ends up passing out in the backyard after making you laugh a few times .
As ambitious and vibrant as it is ugly and scattershot , `` Pain & Gain '' is the most charming Michael Bay movie in a long while .
A movie that tries to turn a torture chamber into a comedy club .
It 's stylish , but there 's not much there .
Bay is no Paul Verhoeven , but he 's coming from a similar place here , purposely amplifying the ugliest qualities of American culture .
It all leaves you pondering whether you have just seen a monumentally stupid movie or a brilliant movie about the nature and consequences of stupidity .
A badly constructed , blood-spattered caper that comes unglued early on .
This is just a nihilistic , scuzzy movie , and not it 's not even nihilistic or scuzzy in an interesting way .
After an hour of `` Pain & Gain , '' it felt more like `` Pain & Pain . ''
Any pretensions of satire , moral ambiguity , or social commentary get lost in a hurricane of empty , mindless spectacle .
Bay treats the people involved in this true story like CGI creations from one of his Transformers films and the lack of human touch on his part plays tug of war with the charisma of the cast . Bay wins . We lose .
Michael Bay 's Pumped Up Version of `` Goodfellas ''
Johnson 's never been funnier , while Wahlberg , a perfect choice for the part , again excels at finding charm in even someone whose behavior becomes repulsive .
Michael Bay remains a flawed filmmaker but with this increasingly out-of-control comedy about the absurdity of the ` American Dream , ' he has miraculously made the best film of his career .
I ca n't help but wonder if Pain & Gain is the reason Michael Bay was put on this earth .
Michael Bay has helmed his most confident , grown-up feature , to date .
This is easily Bay 's best movie , the work of a filmmaker with a cracked sense of humor that he is able to share with the audience .
All but the faintest flashes of humanity and pathos are flattened by the cinematic cyclone that is Michael Bay .
Pain & Gain fails at being an entertaining and ridiculously fun Michael Bay movie and curdles into something much more tone deaf and obnoxious . It is n't necessarily Michael Bay 's worst movie , but it might be his most overworked and least effective .
Michael Bay fills `` Pain & Gain '' with flash and energy , and he does it well enough that the movie succeeds . But at the same time , it 's a missed opportunity .
Instead of incoherent robot movies he does n't even like , Michael Bay should have been making pitch black movies with the conscience of a sociopath all this time .
With Pain & Gain , his surprising true-crime comedy , Bay has finally decided to lighten up a bit .
An outrageous based-on-real-life tale that 's perfectly suited to director Michael Bay 's insanely overblown stylistic and thematic temperament .
`` Pain and Gain '' is Bay 's best film , but we 're judging on a curve that includes a talking big rig lecturing audiences about human rights and two Miami cops invading Cuba , so that 's ultimately not saying much .
Not bad , but it 's obvious Bay does n't have the lighter touch this story , even at its ugliest , required .
A reminder that while crime does not pay , it does sometimes serve as fodder for lurid headlines and hilarious hijinks .
The final product is a mixed bag and you may not like yourself for being entertained by it , but at least it 's original .
Though this story needs no embellishment , Bay ca n't help himself .
... loud and brutal and sometimes quite stupid , it is wildly funny even in its darkest moments , and by my calculations , that makes this a genuine , no apologies surprise from Bay .
Michael Bay proves he does n't need pyrotechnics to make an entertaining movie in the darkly comic true crime tale Pain & Gain , featuring Dwayne Johnson in an impressive performance .
A ham-fisted , thick-skulled comic caper about bodybuilders-turned-criminals which , like its three protagonists , fully lives down to its own potential .
With three fantastic lead performances and a healthy dose of style , those who can appreciate an action-packed black comedy will savor the ride .
Bay can be a master of exuberant chaos , but here the violence mostly lands with a sickening thud , which is fitting , one supposes , but also ultimately numbing .
Unfortunately this down-and-dirty air-quote character piece , a florid and casually misogynistic action dramedy ... comes unglued early on , and then spends two hours-plus thrashing about wildly , to only middling effect .

@highlight

It may be his most thought-provoking film to date , but Michael Bay 's Pain & Gain ultimately loses its satirical edge in a stylized flurry of violent spectacle .