An imaginative family film featuring a tremendously mischievous and likable lead character .
... a bottom-of-the-barrel children 's movie ...
If you 're a parent who 's been forced to sit through a barren desert of painfully unfunny family comedies , Diary will feel like an oasis .
Zachary Gordon , as the wimpy kid of the title , seems to be aiming for a Ferris Buehler-esque omniscience and superiority and , while he does n't quite pull it off all the way , I was down for his struggle .
A very forgettable and easily missed comedy ...
The characters -LRB- through no fault of the young performers -RRB- have all the personality of hand puppets .
Conveys , in a good-humoured , sharply observed way , the small , painful cruelties and unpredictable rules of early adolescence , and it celebrates awkwardness without feeling the need to convert it into cheap triumph .
The film retains much of the original humour , some of it well executed . It 's reasonably faithful to the spirit of the books , probably because Kinney is the executive producer , but it 's by no means equal to his originals .
Perceptive , funny , unusually edgy voyage into the comic travails of schoolyard politics and childhood friendship .
Performances from the young cast are arguably a little too slick and knowing for the naive characters they are playing , but that is often par for the course in American films these days .
In an early self-referential monologue , Greg says , `` Who wants to see a movie about a kid who 's stuck in middle school with a bunch of morons ? '' Who indeed ?
All right all you 8 - 12 year olds , get in line for some fun at Greg Heffley 's expense .
While the blackness of many situations resonates and despite some amusing moments , the film 's tone is so ardent and realistic , it often works against it . Nonetheless , this coming of age film for the under 12 set has merit and charm
-LSB- A -RSB- sappy and superficial adaptation ...
The film 's wry wit and understanding of childhood anxieties will remind older viewers of the television series The Wonder Years which is no small compliment .
Though the film sags a little in places , it imparts its be-true-to-yourself life lessons with sweetness and charm ...
As my son says , ` The books were a lot better . '
One for the kids , if they 're really misbehaving .
This movie relishes in the awkwardness of starting life in the bottom year of a new school .
Bright , pacy and often funny -LRB- despite an over-reliance on poop jokes -RRB- , Diary Of A Wimpy Kid never patronises children and should be a hit with pre-teen boys .
It 's an interesting idea , deserving of a more interesting treatment , but this is just dopey and patronising .
Somewhere during the transition to a live-action movie , screenwriters Jackie and Jeff Filgo have turned Greg from endearingly weedy into annoyingly insufferable .
It ai n't big , it ai n't clever , but it is ... quite funny .
A plasticky and often grating family comedy ...
Fun , funny and affectionate , though it packs the emotional wallop of an undernourished high school nerd .
A well-acted , family-friendly comedy ...
It 's not that Wimpy Kid is a bad film , it 's more that this idea has been done before , and better , on TV with Malcolm , Reese and Dewey .
While it appears all-too-obvious , there 's an awful lot going on with fully filled out characters abrasively rubbing along .
Gordon is miscast and the script is neither as funny nor as emotionally engaging as it should have been .
Swamped by the sledgehammer clichés -LRB- gym class humiliation , Halloween high jinks -RRB- found in any run-of-the-mill children 's TV comedy .
Stylish ... sitcomedic ... plays it pretty safe . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
The cartoon line drawings of Jeff Kinney 's popular book series are fleshed out with lively results ...
Greg 's not wimpy -- he fears being a pussy . This apparently gives him licence to be a total dickhead . The film should be retitled Diary of a Sociopathic Kid ... it offers a cynical , shrugging view of today 's tweens .
For anyone who has struggled to fit in , Diary of a Wimpy Kid is full of nostalgic and painful reminders of the horrors of middle school , from gym class to school plays . It 's full of genuine laughs , one of the rare films that can by enjoyed by kids and adu
A clever movie with a smart message , ` Diary of a Wimpy Kid ' far surpasses its dopey-looking ad campaign .
The young cast is all game , and sidekicks Robert Capron and Grayson Russell are a real hoot . Slumber party viewings are inevitable .
... witty and surprisingly complex ...
Quite frankly this was not the movie for me , and while I 'm not familiar with the source material I have trouble believing the legions of pint-sized fans that adore it are going to be happy with how their favorite tomes have been adapted .
Adults may have a good time too , but this is one the middle schoolers will better enjoy with their friends than with their parents .
Freudenthal infuses a sense of adventure into the everyday of middle school , and many one-liners , especially those delivered by Rowley , are laugh-out-loud funny .
A weak script makes for a wimpy movie .
A mostly winning take on the tween-angst cartoon series
A fairly realistic look at the middle school experience that will have kids cheering while their parents are entertained too .
Much of the book 's cartoony charm gets lost in the conversion to live action , and we 're left with a coming-of-age comedy that just feels aged .
Sends all the right messages to the youth audience it targets and also keeps the grownups entertained with that forgotten , pre-ironic innocent comedy that fades as we each discover sex .
Middle-school antihero Greg Heffley may depict himself as a comic illustration in Jeff Kinney 's bestselling kids ' books , but director Thor Freudenthal turns him into an outright caricature .
Largely avoids the gimmicky saccharine aftertaste that 's typical of the genre . Anyone older than the story 's resident Job , however , may not find much to write home about .
Though not particularly groundbreaking or memorable , `` Diary of a Wimpy Kid '' definitely exceeds the standards for a modern family film and it 's almost guaranteed to entertain any kid who goes to see it .
The true measure of Freudenthal 's film is that it 's the rare kid 's flick that their parents wo n't have to merely tolerate . Rather , they will enjoy it , too .
The one aspect of preteen life that the film gets spot-on is the intense bonds of friendship right before the hormones kick in .
A muted , hit-and-miss kid 's film that offers just enough to keep children and parents invested , but not enough to fully engage anyone else .
Between the episodic scenes that have no punch , and the lethargic direction in which children could grow a shoe size in the yawning gaps from one line to the next , the best word for this tedious project may very well be `` Wimpy . ''
Perhaps director Thor Freudenthal might have made a somewhat more satisfying film if he 'd assumed the viewers were grown up as well .
I 'm not saying that Diary of a Wimpy Kid is going to be the grade school equivalent of the Twilight movies , but it is a film for those who enjoy the source material .
Movies about teenagers do better after kids have moved on to high school and even then it 's a crapshoot .
Too soon though -- maybe 30 minutes in -- audience laughs turn to chuckles , fading to worn smiles .
Sorry , boys and girls -- Jeff Kinney 's witty children 's book has become a thoroughly generic kiddie flick .
Sadly , it often comes across more like a low-budget series of gross-out sketches .
Looks drab and drained of color , and ca n't even muster the antic buoyancy of an average episode of iCarly .
Possesses enough PG rated gross-out gags and recognizable antics -LRB- to junior high schoolers and their nostalgia-inclined parents at least -RRB- along with that `` best seller '' pedigree to register a fairly decent opening and a hell of an afterlife on DVD .
The problem with Diary of a Wimpy Kid is the wimpy kid is a jerk .
Adorable comedy about middle-school anxieties ... and farts .
What sets this kid comedy apart is how well it resists the temptation to clobber the bullies and crown the underdog .
-LSB- L -RSB- ike a rejected pilot for a Nickelodeon sitcom ... downright distasteful ...
What the movie gets right , sometimes in agonizing detail , are the humiliations and horrors of school ...
Not much will shock kids , especially those who have read the books , but I have to think there are better choices out there .
The film encourages urine , fart , and booger humor , which reeks of nosepicker pandering , compounded by a message of personal worth that never comes through clearly enough .
The friendship message that comes wrapped in the world of Wimpy Kid gives the movie its centre and its heart , along with a reminder that there is no greater act of devotion than a kid who will submit himself to the cheese touch for a pal .
An above-average and sometimes surprising kid movie based on the first of a popular series of cartoon books by Jeff Kinney .
Kids who realize they 're fully ordinary -- that is , pretty much all of them -- will be pleased to see a world they recognize on the big screen .
It 's also a heartfelt film , with nice messages about friendship and responsibility ...
Why spend money to go see this ? When you could just stay home and watch reruns of Ned 's Declassified for free ?
It is comically true to the major embarrassments and minor heroisms of middle school . Take it from me . I was there .
What really works most is the great chemistry between Gordon and Capron . This very talented duo stirred up thoughts of what Steve Martin and John Candy might have been like had they teamed up long ago as twelve-year-old boys .
Parental Content Review
Of course , he learns a Lesson about the error of his ways and learns something resembling humility , but by that point , after all he 's done , it 's too late . He 's just insufferable .
Gordon has an engaging screen presence that keeps us on his side .
Diary of a Wimpy Kid is no Welcome to the Dollhouse , but as a PG-rated family film navigating the frequent pitfalls and rare triumphs of a sixth grade nothing , it 's got a certain charm and wisdom about it .
There 's something silly-sweet about this movie . It avoids talking down to kids or being didactic , while still projecting an overall wholesomeness .
The writing is funny during individual moments , but the cumulative result is a bit depressing , with a surprising amount of negativity . If anything , the pervasive doomed feeling of junior high is too accurate . Who wants to pay money to relive that ?
The thing in this film that feels most alive is a slice of cheese rotting on a playground blacktop -- which would be a funny joke if it was intentional .
No kiddie movie would be complete without spazzy supporting characters , booger jokes , yucky food and toilet humor ; Diary delivers them in abundance without straying too far from Disney Channel wholesomeness .
There 's a monotony to Gordon 's performance that is not really his fault , though he 's surrounded by an able cast of young performers who keep the movie 's energy up .
Diary of a Wimpy Kid , based on the popular illustrated tween books by Jeff Kinney , deserves a B - for effort and a C for execution .
It 's asking a lot for a child actor like Gordon to do the man 's portion of this job - to somehow make Heffley 's selfishness and failure seem funny . Unfortunately , Seth Rogen is probably a little old for this role .
It will seem awfully familiar territory .
The movie asks us to root for a main character who 's somewhat unlikable , someone who does some pretty despicable things before he gets his eventual , much-deserved comeuppance .
Diary of a Wimpy Kid is a movie that needs to go back to the drawing board -- literally .
My seven-year-old daughter , who 's been raging to see this movie since it was announced , has already called it `` life-changing . '' How do you argue with that ?
No better than a run-of-the-mill made-for-cable movie on any network that caters to pre-teens ... -LSB- but -RSB- boys of a certain age -- six to ten , perhaps -- may enjoy -LSB- it -RSB- .
For all its ridiculousness , its enthusiastic comic excess , and its fart/booger/gross-out jokes , Diary Of A Wimpy Kid 's heart is firmly in the right place .
A snappy , humorous , and creative comedy about an ambitious pre-teen boy whose expends all his energy trying to win the approval of his middle-school peers .
Diary of a Wimpy Kid is an adequate adaptation of Kinney 's novel , but no replacement for the real thing .
In transferring the clean , precise humor of Kinney 's illustrations and prose to the big-screen , the material loses just a bit of its charm .
This group project produces no voice of its own , just faintly entertaining echoes of better movies and television shows .
Diary of a Wimpy Kid is an amusing romp through the awkward years of middle school .
The movie is remarkably attuned to that awful period when you 're not just known but sometimes doomed by the company you keep .
Delivers rare insight about kids growing up at different speeds ... If only the movie did n't so frequently turn reality into a literal and figurative cartoon .
The casting 's pretty fair , and if they had better material , Steve Zahn and Rachael Harris would have been real assets . But the story lurches from indignity to ill-starred wrestling match to gross-out gag , without any momentum or surprise .
It 's nimble , bright and funny . It does n't dumb down . It does n't patronize . It knows something about human nature . It is n't as good as A Christmas Story , as few movies are , but it deserves a place in the same sentence .
Diary of a Wimpy Kid is a likable movie for kids that will make adults chuckle as well because of the movie 's key ingredient -- wit .
A jaunty and forthright production with a lively look reflecting the book 's illustrated pages -LSB- that -RSB- does a great job of being in two places at once : In the head and gangly bodies of kids , and in the hearts of those of us who have survived grades 6-8 .
A litany of humiliations befalls the protagonist , fitting given that this adaptation of Jeff Kinney 's popular kids-lit series is itself a minor embarrassing misfire .
Diary of a Wimpy Kid is sweet and funny at either end , but in between , it sags with endless repetition of gross bodily functions and Greg 's torment at the hands of larger , angrier , or more popular kids -- in that order .



@highlight

Unlike its bestselling source material , Diary of a Wimpy Kid fails to place a likable protagonist at the center of its middle-school humor -- and its underlying message is drowned out as a result .