The Gallows is a complete mess and only worth watching if you have an odd fascination of staring at floors while characters run away in a panic
Oh no , not another `` found footage '' movie , you think , and , unfortunately for the makers of the preposterously plotted The Gallows -- a formulaic , would-be horror flick set in a high school -- that 's exactly what I was thinking 80 minutes later .
The ending is a let-down , with all attempts at plot twists falling flat .
I would n't want to definitively say The Gallows is the nadir of the found footage genre ... but I have to hope we 're nearing rock bottom .
Overall , there is nothing surprising or terrifying about The Gallows ; predictable , dull and painfully by-the-book .
A generic , laughably incompetent found-footage horror flick ...
A movie -LRB- essentially -RRB- made by teenagers , with a teenager 's intelligence , and for teenagers .
The lazy way The Gallows bundles its tropes together suggests that its creators ' ambitions went no higher than simply getting a horror film made .
It may be easy to dismiss The Gallows as yet another ` found footage ' movie but the film is actually a cleverly executed low-fi horror tale that manages to do a few things a bit differently and also delivers some solid scares too .
It hardly seems to know what to do with itself .
Suffocatingly silly stuff .
High school theatrical productions can be groan inducing : this movie is as embarrassing as any of them .
The Gallows could have been a decent movie if it had n't fallen for the found-footage trend .
It 's possible to find artistic merit in found-footage movies , but uninventive flicks like The Gallows lower the genre to disposable nonsense .
Lacks in brains , common sense , and general creativity .
If you 're a connoisseur of blurry images of floors and feet , then this is the motion picture you 've been waiting for .
The Gallows is a lazy and incompetent production on just about every level , from the writing and directing to the acting and the camerawork .
We see practically every cliche in modern day horror . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In a quick 80 minutes , we get the back story , we meet the four core characters -LRB- all of the young actors do fine work -RRB- , get the wits scared out of us about a half-dozen times and wind up with a VERY creepy ending .
While it 's not great , it is still brutally effective in stretches .
Herky-jerky hand-held camerawork , annoying characters ... and a serious absence of anything resembling a spooky jolt makes The Gallows ' not-so-hot market rival Insidious : Chapter 3 suddenly look very good indeed .
More low-budget , found-footage horror shenanigans as a clutch of high schoolers trapped inside a haunted theatre go running around , screaming . There 's a lot of shaky-cam and green night vision , but not much in the way of originality , style or real scares .
It 's a shameful waste of time .
By now these techniques are too familiar to be truly unnerving , especially as the underlying narrative logic is never explained in any persuasive way .
Unpleasant characters do things that make no sense in ` found footage ' clearly edited together from multiple sources . Negligent storytelling at its worst .
Enough , already .
The Gallows should be the next production whose name is synonymous with bad luck at the theater .
After a while , the cameras start to flash `` low battery '' and `` power save '' warnings , but only the cacophony of booming rumbles and loud BANGS stopped me from drifting into `` sleep mode '' .
... are teens so narcissistic today that they film themselves crying into their phones waiting to be killed off ? Maybe they should have called this ` The Shallows . '
The Gallows is a terrible film . That is all you need to know .
If you are looking for a good popcorn scare , check out this movie . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Like dozens of other generic slashers and found footage films ... The Hallows is a pretty mediocre movie . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The eerie stage set - evocative of 18th century Salem - makes for a genuinely creepy atmosphere and the decision by the film-makers to hold back with any terrifying revelations pays dividends .
Without a single moment of originality , this found-footage horror movie really deserves to be the last one ever made .
Scare-wise , the film had potential , but it used very cookie-cutter traits to approach it .
Just horrible .
For a full hour , The Gallows is maliciously dull , with only a jolt involving sudden levitation registering whatsoever .
Every exhausted cliche of the found-footage horror genre is paraded in this depressingly bad film ...
There are plenty of jump scares which might satisfy the Friday night crowd , but if you 're a genre fan looking for a pleasant surprise , you wo n't find one here .
A pedestrian found-footage tale with characters desperately justifying why they keep shooting video while fleeing for their lives .
It is effective and at times achieves its purpose : it 's scary . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Do n't expect many thrills from hanging around The Gallows . It 's a horror movie whose climax brought derisive laughter from the preview audience .
It just hangs there , dead ... and deadly dull .
Horror has experienced a renaissance with the release of innovative works such as The Babadook and It Follows . Viewers expecting The Gallows to continue the trend will be disappointed to find that Cluff and Lofing have , so to speak , left them hanging .
Ominous , yet totally predictable - in the ` Blair Witch ' - style horror sub-genre ... .
As the latest entry in the tired `` found footage '' horror subgenre , this on-the-cheap film has never met a cliché it did n't embrace like sweet death itself .
The latest in a long line of found-footage horror movies that comes with the neat premise of a high school haunting , but that bumps around in the dark for far too long with no sense of where it 's going .
Despite the production power of the trite Blumhouse horror machine , `` The Gallows '' harnesses real originality from new filmmakers -LRB- in a genre that 's been lacking it -RRB- and effectively creates genuine scares because of it .
At least the Blair Witch kids knew how to hold the camera steady .
A wonderfully tense throwback to horror movies that managed to build suspense with few budgetary resources .
Praising `` The Gallows '' is rather like pointing out how wonderful the frosting decorations are on a turd .
Yet another in the seemingly endless parade of low-budget , `` found footage '' horror movies , this one feels like it was rushed into production without a chance to develop a strong story or characters .
Watching The Gallows made me pity today 's young horror fans .
Grade Z effort gets big promo push from WB ? Corporate ripoff .
The handful of intense second-half jolts do n't lead to consistent suspense because the contrived script is so riddled with logical gaps , and because the airheaded characters lack basic common sense .
Some -LSB- found footage horror films -RSB- work , some do n't . The Gallows lies somewhere in between .
A ridiculous fusion of `` Paranormal Activity '' and `` Glee '' that is so incredibly dumb that it is almost , but never quite , scary to behold .
There is not one single thing to recommend this found footage film .
A cautionary note : If your horror film is about a high-school theater production and still , the acting 's not the worst thing about it , something 's gone awfully wrong .
The Gallows has a cleverness that bobs , occasionally , above the surface of cesspool murk . You ca n't tell whether it 's just flotsam or a corpse , but for most of the 80-minute run time it almost does n't matter . It 's at least something .
Let 's just say it 's fine to see once , but not worth hanging around . That 's some gallows humor , right there .
Very sad that this is what passes for mainstream horror these days . No production values , no scares , no point .
The Gallows is one lazy film . There 's no real effort or inventiveness here , whether we 're talking about the character names , the jokes , the set pieces , or the predictable plot twist .
the arresting start and reality-challenging end are left in search of their middle , a sort of narrative black hole filled with much aimless scurrying about , Scooby Doo-style sleuthing & snot-nosed weeping into the lens -LRB- à la Blair Witch Project -RRB- .
Scary fright fare that puts a creepy new spin on the meaning of school spirit .
There 's an attempt here to make the ghostly villain , Charlie , into a memorable antagonist - kidding , there 's no attempt at all .
It 's one thing to do a found footage flick in varying degrees of light and daylight . To do almost an entire film in an entirely dark space is just short of cruel . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Nudity , Violence , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
This is a bad movie , and the people who made it should feel bad .
Plot holes aside , the filmmakers provide enough well-timed jumps and energetic moments to keep the highly contained picture afloat .
`` The Gallows '' starts with a decent if improbable premise , and it ends with a pretty good jolt . But in between , the film sure wears out the already tired found-footage device .
Exaggerated screaming and squabbling does n't cover up the inanity .
The filmmakers needed to set themselves free even more than the characters , but they never find the path out . They probably never realized they were trapped .
Nonsensical and virtually scare-free ...
The Gallows is only good enough to make you wish its creators did something novel with its formulaic style , plot , and characterizations .
The movie is entirely ridiculous and ultimately a frustrating snooze - yet another exercise in half-baked legends , dark corridors and waiting in anticipation for something to go BANG .
Despite its initial promise and some decent scares - you 're in for a sharp and sudden drop in satisfaction in the final throes .
If you think horror should be something more than a subpar state fair sideshow , you 'll want off this ridiculous ride long before it ends .
The Gallows is scary in the same way the 20th ride on the same roller coaster is exciting .
-LSB- The Gallows -RSB- winds up telegraphing its final twist so far in advance that you begin to resent the characters for not cluing in .
Excruciatingly awful horror movie ... in which the lack of technique is exceeded only by the lack of imagination .
Like a tightly fastened noose , The Gallows is loaded with suffocating fear , but generic and often thoughtless storytelling undercuts the scream-worthy scares .
The Gallows is the kind of film that drives a man to drink after a noontime screening , and it might be what finally turns me off found-footage horror .
Intellectually , `` The Gallows '' may not hold up to close scrutiny , but as a meticulous exercise in dread there is no denying how well it works .
This is another found-footage movie that , with a little art direction and some actual cinematography , could easily have been a decent little terrorizer . Instead , it comes mostly unglued thanks to its hacky gimmick .
Formulaic horror movie benefits from unusual setting but will still feel all-too-familiar to the genre fans who constitute its primary audience .
Clumsy found footage set-up , hackwork script and actors who seem no more scared than we are -- as in `` Not at all . ''
Recalling everything from Paranormal Activity to Prom Night to The Phantom of the Opera , high school-set found-footage horror yarn The Gallows offers up few new ideas and very few genuine scares .
The plot is a collection of contrivances -LRB- Oh no , the lights all went out ! My cell phone wo n't work ! I 'm running for my life , I 'd better keep filming ! -RRB- and the scares are simple , sudden , stupid shocks .
While the initial premise and high school setting show promise , the film quickly devolves into a series of obnoxious jump scares and routine storytelling .
Please do n't go see The Gallows . Please . As someone who passionately , deeply loves movies , especially horror movies , and laments that not nearly enough genre offerings actually land a theatrical release : I beg of you , please do n't go see The Gallows .
The Gallows is not going to win any prizes for originality . Any film that tries to revive this technique needs a clever story or unusual filmmaking ingenuity to stand out from the crowd . The Gallows has neither .
The Gallows is a perfectly fun entry in Blumhouse Productions ' ever-growing roster of low-budget , mock-verite chillers -LRB- Insidious , Paranormal Activity -RRB- .
The Gallows is n't without a certain amount of atmosphere , it simply feels borrowed wholesale . That would matter less with a better script , but the four main characters are paper-thin even by genre norms .
Lofing and Cluff certainly know the found-footage ropes , and the tropes ; we 'll see if their next project reveals a little more imagination .
At 81 minutes , it 's tantamount to about 810 Vines , only it 's made of artless long takes that would bore even Warhol fanatics .
Making audiences care about the characters is always a more effective fear-generating strategy than just knocking off a bunch of dimwits in the dark .
A dull , poorly acted and generally awful found footage film that 's void of any sense of terror or fear .
Scared teenagers . Darkness . TV static . Silence . Loud noises . Creepy mask . Total idiots . You get it . You 've seen it .
A straight-up , seen-it-all-before found footage terror feature starring a bunch of untested actors , directed by two men who have no interest in disrupting audience expectations .
`` The Gallows '' earns its `` R '' rating with particularly effective scenes of violence and suspense . If you like squirming in your seat and feeling on edge , then it 's just the ticket . Very , very scary .
For a similar and more rewarding experience , I would recommend contracting food poisoning , dropping acid , and crashing the nearest frat party .
Too quickly , it 's all just blurry camera work and noise - with neither scares nor drama .
The combination of a solid story , good acting efforts from the young cast and enough logical use of the hand-held cameras helps The Gallows rise above the flat fodder that is often seen in this format .
A chilling setup gives way to insufferable characters , false scares and a bevy of ear-piercing jolts that should n't be confused with terror .
The film is sstrictly a high-tech spin on one of those Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark .

@highlight

Narratively contrived and visually a mess , The Gallows sends viewers on a shaky tumble to the bottom of the found-footage horror barrel .