As a ruthless commentary on the world of today , Tukel 's movie provides both thoughtful entertainment and visceral thrills .
Catfight wants to be some sort of mix of ultra-violence and Paddy Chayefsky-esque satire , but it fails to result in anything more than an excuse to watch two actresses beat the crap out of each other .
Catfight is here to remind everyone that no matter which side of the extreme one resides on , they 're probably a selfish , stuck-up , elitest , snobby a ****** that actually has no moral compass
There may be some fiendishly clever satire at work here , but the violence is so protracted and unpleasant , and the end result so lacking in laughs , that I soon gave up trying to find it .
Nothing in Catfight transcends the criterion of a violent funny animal cartoon , and this is perfectly fine .
Again and again , `` Catfight '' verges on astonishing in its go-for-broke , no-fucks-given audacity .
Sadly , Catfight never lands the knockout blow .
Both these actresses deserve better than this .
By the time Catfight recycles its punchline for the third time , the power has gone out of its punch . But we 'll never say no to a one-joke movie as long as it 's a good joke .
Tukel has no sense of space or timing when it comes to editing these several knockout fights .
Catfight packs a punch .
As troubling as it is punchily entertaining .
Veronica is the trophy wife of a reptilian businessman . Ashley is a struggling artist who paints pictures of decapitated sperm . Both are vile .
Tukel takes a big risk in Catfight : using farcical means to weave together personal and political tragedies , so that each dimension feeds the other . The rough edges and occasional clunks are a small price to pay .
A picture that blends its irreverence with a satirical undercurrent that enriches the narrative , making for a film that is irrepressibly entertaining - and yet is complete with a rather pointed socio-political message .
Played with committed ferocity by the excellent Oh and Heche , this riotous state-of-the-nation satire may lack subtlety , but it has the courage of its socko convictions and certainly packs a punch .
It 's a highly enjoyable experience to watch these cats ' fur really fly .
Tukel 's feisty film wo n't be for everyone , but it 's worth a look if you like your satirical comedies to combine scathing dialogue with contemptible characters .
Sheer novelty powers this confrontational curio , up to a point . But the nastiness cuts both ways .
It 's an original movie that tries to hit you in the face with irony . The energy levels finally plummet , but it lands a few punches .
Takes women 's hostility out of the realm of the passive-aggressive and gives it free comedic rein physically in a way that is hilarious , disturbing , and pointed .
What 's it all about ? Who knows ? Perhaps , the difficult struggle to become an alpha female in a patriarchal world that has n't yet invented the concept .
An intelligent , bittersweet and wickedly funny dark comedy . It 's a guilty pleasure with razor-sharp wit , bite and tenderness .
The pessimism of Catfight is belied by the very lively performances from the two leads .
This crude , bluntly effective movie is supposed to be a satirical exaggeration , but the anxiety it depicts feels very real right now .
The film 's observations do n't offer much depth or substance ; the contemplation of destructive behavior in private mirroring destruction at an international level is sharp but hollow .
The violence is cyclical , no one learns anything , and any points gained for absurdism are lost by landing too many punches square on the nose .
This film positions Ashley and Veronica as symbols of America , angry and resentful to the point of absurdity . The film is red-raw in its antagonism to modern culture .
Onur Tukel 's proudly ragged , black-and-black comedies lean gleefully toward interpersonal savageries , and the compelling fisticuffs of the presciently Trumpian Catfight ... is no exception
The argument that passively collecting money from a spouse 's defense contracting and making money from strident protest art are equally unethical means , in this story 's economy , The Daily Show and Halliburton are both guilty of war profiteering .
As a joke , Catfight is a punch line with a really shaky setup .
Made well before the official presidency of Donald Trump , Catfight feels , in many ways , like one of the most finely tuned responses to the new political climate we 've seen yet . But Catfight is n't so much reactionary as it is prescient .
Catfight dolls out the requisite amount of absurdist violence to suffice , but even though it endlessly teases a profound satirical message , it proves to be all talk .
Catfight is not the story of two gals who hate each other and then realize , over appletinis , how much they have in common . Tukel takes that tired cliché and blows it to smithereens .
Even when the humour does n't pay off , Heche and Oh are never less than captivating .
The enjoyably nasty satire `` Catfight '' does n't pull its punches , literally or figuratively .
Sandra Oh and Anne Heche star in this absurdist comedy that lands a few sharp punches but spends too much of its running time beating a dead horse .
Frequently hilarious , delivering bellylaughs to go with broken faces , keeping the bizarre endeavor wonderfully entertaining .
You 'll see better examples of choreographed carnage in 2017 , but damned if you 'll see a pair of actresses commit to their roles with the level of deranged determination Heche and Oh bring to Catfight .
If Woody Allen began adding `` Raging Bull '' episodes to his slices of upper-class urban absurdity , it would play like this .
Drawing its energy from revenge and its jagged humor from a black well of contempt for the wealthy , the movie fashions a world in which the only likable characters are the crazy and the doomed .
In more ways than one , Catfight lives down to its title .
Completely bonkers , incredibly violent and devilishly funny , Onur Tukel 's Catfight feels like the first real Trump-era movie .
Catfight never gets silly enough to edge entirely into satire -- or grounded enough to pay off our emotional engagement . Still , it works a kind of dark magic .
-LSB- A -RSB- razor-toothed takedown of obscene privilege in a world indifferent to real pain .
At its heart lies an existential Western about two tragic figures fated to spend eternity in locked horns , fighting for nothing , filled with so much hate they can never be happy .
Onur Tukel attempts to connect Ashley and Veronica 's barbarity to the broader callousness of American life , but the satire is too blunt to really stick .
An outrageously enjoyable bitch-fest of a movie from writer-director Onur Tukel which ridicules the ` geriaction ' phenomenon even as it revels in its tropes .
All three of its title-inspiring scenes , for example , extend way past their comic welcome and feel like pure sadism by the unsatisfying end .
An annoyingly smug , self-satisfied satire ...
Our expectations are forced into conjuring hope for a wild , frenzied ride . Onur Tukel does n't disappoint with this broad satire of American politics and wealth disparity .
Pure and simple , Catfight is a total blast .
Even when the story falters , Oh and Heche remain terrifying in their all-consuming fury .
Catfight will turn off many from the outset -LRB- there were many walkouts during the screening I attended -RRB- but its strange combination of brutal physical comedy and pitch black satire make it an oddity worth fighting over .
At the end of the day , the centerpiece of Catfight is its bloody fights -- and , boy , they sure deliver the goods .
The absurdist use of fisticuffs in Onur Tukel 's extremely independent Catfight is unnerving , strangely hilarious -- and , whether you accept it or not , meaningful .
It has a certain outlandish purity of purpose which Heche and Oh follow through on with demonic intensity , making for a film that 's just as hard to embrace as it is to dismiss .

@highlight

Smart , suitably nasty , and well-cast , Catfight lands narrative punches just as fast and hard-hitting as the physical violence doled out onscreen .