What sets the film a notch above standard genre fare is its ability to ask bigger questions about a stalker like Doug .
A neatly insinuating idea , flawlessly executed , Alone With Her marks out its stars and director as ones to watch .
A smart , unsettling drama that finds new uses for tatics devised by movies like The Stepfather and The Blair Witch Project .
Alone With Her is a pretty engaging tale , and it 's refreshing to see a well-acted , suspenseful drama made without a bloated budget or a lot of bloodletting .
A novel spin on an oft-told tale , Alone with Her is a fine little indie indeed . What could have been just another gimmick flick turns out to be a pretty intense ride .
The moral of the story : If you meet someone whose tastes mirror your own to a scary degree , then by all means , be scared .
Despite its cleverness , however , nearly everything is predictable ; in a sense , this is a higher-tech version of The Collector , and it does n't really take us anywhere we have n't been many times before .
This is n't a psychological horror film so much as a slice-of-life twentysomething tale , in which one party happens to be quietly very not-normal .
An unsettling tale of modern espionage horror .
Alone with Her has a dog and a rampant sense of dread , the kind you do n't recover from for at least a few days . I 'm on the first day .
Alone With Her plays like an extended voyeur video with nothing new to say about hidden cameras or stalkers or anything .
Even a conventional , albeit cynical , ending ca n't ruin such effective mood-making .
... this low-budget horror flick builds some claustrophobic tension out of modern anxieties , but it wo n't scare the bejesus out of you .
Leadenly scripted and blandly overliteral and therefore never capitalizes on the provocativeness of its premise .
exudes the overall uncomfortable air of watching a depraved home movie
Alone With Her is a tense , well-shot little thriller in the vein of ` fatal attraction ' youth flicks like Fear , The Crush , and Swimfan .
Through Hanks ' and Talancon 's subtle , naturalistic performance -LSB- writer-director Eric Nicholas -RSB- cultivates a human dimension often missing from thrillers .
Alone With Her has the kind of high ick factor that leaves you squirming -- not because Doug is so diabolical a creation , but because what he does to satisfy his pathology is so practical .
For all its technological ingenuity , however , the film is ultimately a fairly routine stalker thriller that soon becomes repetitive in its contrivances . And the footage , necessarily shot on digital video , is not particularly easy to watch .
A B-picture waiting to cut loose in its final 15 minutes , when it devolves into generic stalker-thriller theatrics of the Julia-Roberts-in-distress kind .
A Blair Witch Project for the new , surveillance-obsessed millennium .
Writer and director Eric Nicholas 's latest film , Alone With Her , is a voyeuristic thriller that is fiendishly assured yet ultimately less than the sum of its parts .
Far superior to the generic thrillers churned out by the big studios .
A relentlessly-disturbing , cautionary tale about how easy it might be for a deranged maniac to worm his way into your good graces .
This film chills and hits every paranoia button perfectly .
The plausibility of the situation -LRB- aided tremendously by Talancón 's wonderfully natural performance -RRB- makes for a deeply disturbing viewing experience .
Those with a propensity for voyeurism and stalking should be able to relate to Hanks , while ogling Talancón . -LRB- Here 's hoping you do n't happen to be sitting next to one of them in the theatre . -RRB-
Ably-acted -- the leads are perfectly cast , and their performances leave lasting impressions .
As the voyeur manages to enter the Amy Show , Nicholas uses this ontological shift as the basis for a ` real ' movie of his own , effectively liquidating the original premise .

@highlight

Alone With Her is a tense psychological thriller that overcomes its contrivances with fine performances and a perpetually unsettling mood .