Excellent performance from Franco , who carries the weight of the film ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Great art transcends its creator . In this case , it also lays the foundation for a great film .
Still , the biggest problem with `` Howl '' is the fact that none of its parallel narratives build to much of a climax .
Howl is invigoratingly fresh . It has compelling filmmaking , a great script and tremendous acting from all involved .
Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman attracted Hollywood talent , had an epic poem and a classic culture clash as their subject and still produced a corpse from it .
To its immense credit , Howl the movie makes a huge success of this potentially problematic mish-mash .
A docu-drama which has ` are n't we a clever little art house production ' tattooed through every frame .
Any movies that introduce new audiences to real-life moments when the world was moved forward a little bit by books are nothing to take for granted .
It is the trial itself - which Ginsberg did not attend - that is the real payoff here as Howl 's defenders and detractors get their day in court .
The film 's jigsaw construction initially lends an air of freshness and unpredictability , but as the film moves forward the lack of any overarching thematic structure or emotional dynamism becomes a problem .
Fittingly unconventional in narrative and driven by James Franco 's inspired performance , this is a fascinating and thought-provoking tribute to an epic work .
Both poetic as film and insightful as dramatised documentary , an inspired piece of cinema .
Sadly , I found it only moderately enjoyable and rather smug , much like an average edition of the BBC 's Arena .
Expertly brings to life the poem and a defining moment in the cultural life of America .
A beautifully shot , softly nostalgic look into an artist 's imaginative , intense and troubled life .
What the hell is going on with James Franco ? The erstwhile Spider-Man star is rapidly turning into cinema 's Renaissance man .
The animated sections are entirely unnecessary and rather terrible , but there 's no denying the power of Franco 's eerily spot-on incarnation of the prophetic free thinker .
There are ways to put poetry on the screen , but this drama-documentary about the Beat versifier Allen Ginsberg fails to find them .
Howl 's biggest triumph , however , is that it never forces the viewer to revere the titular poem beyond its eminent value in testing the limits of society 's tolerance .
A shade of Ginsberg , but a refreshing and solid film .
More like a laborious 84-minute trailer .
Howl is the American version of The King 's Speech .
Franco is outstanding as the gay , insecure poet , whose worship and love for fellow Beats Jack Kerouac and Neal Cassady informed his urgent , passionate early work .
Like one of those ghastly Vanity Fair black and white photo spreads where hot young actors dress up and pose as bygone icons .
Is it watchable ? Yes . Mainly for Franco 's gamy Ginsberg , visibly writhing and vocally wrestling to escape the lantern-slide-lecture restrictions of his remit .
This is a bold , inspiring piece of work , putting experimental techniques in the service of a heartfelt , insightful and surprisingly audience-friendly work of art .
The poem itself is illuminated by some impressive cartoon visuals , adding much-needed lustre to lines that inspired a radical counter culture but are very much a product of their times .
With a frustrating format and poor animation , it 's still worth it for Franco and the chance to engage with a key work of poetry .
A heady tribute that lets Allen Ginsberg 's Beat poem do all the talking and gives Franco another chance to shine .
It 's sweet stuff , a portrait of an artist in turmoil , under fire and laying himself bare . Howl captures Howl beautifully .
... through the sheer force of his talent , Franco holds together a film that can be as captivating , intriguing , vague and irritating as its complex hero .
Admirable if fundamentally academic .
The greatness in this film lies in the fact that the filmmakers managed to capture both Ginsberg and ` Howl ' at its vital essence
At times distressingly literal minded
The courtroom sequences serve the dual purpose of showcasing ` the hot guy from Mad Men ' and providing a pretentious and didactic platform for the filmmakers to broadcast their views on censorship .
This film is not exactly a defining moment of anything , past or present , but it offers a compelling peek at an important point in time .
Animator Eric Drooker reflects on Ginsberg 's creative and political historical moment in time that inspired his astonishing collaborative imagery , just how artistic censorship and self-censorship work , and why the Revolution will not be Facebooked .
A messy mix of style and erratic substance , like Howl itself , but equally interesting .
Howl is a must-see for Beat freaks and poetry geeks but might not be an enriching experience for newcomers to Ginsberg .
What really makes Howl such an interesting , though flawed , cinematic experience is that Epstein and Friedman , along with their star , really go out on a limb .
There 's more thrill in seeing Franco read it in front of adoring beatniks in 1955 San Francisco . Those scenes , filmed in black and white , have the heft and urgency of real life , turned mythic .
A phony-baloney trivialization of the title epic poem and its important moment in American cultural history ...
This is essentially a movie based on a poem , but it also tells a remarkable life story and grapples with hugely important issues .
You can attach many labels to Howl . Cinematically Enthralling is not one of them . Too bad , because James Franco is excellent .
The film does n't canonize `` Howl '' as a great work , but celebrates it as something wild and alive , and still relevant more than a half-century later .
What could have been a trivial exercise in nostalgia instead becomes a powerful case for the cathartic power of art .
Though there 's nothing really wrong with Franco 's performance , there 's not much right about it , either . It just lies there , and its inertia inevitably renders the film a big meh .
Epstein and Friedman did n't write the film as much as assemble it , using actual interview quotes and court transcripts . And while the loose structure takes some getting used to , it 's ultimately effective and at times thrilling .
An intriguingly multi-layered drama that does n't quite marry its three strands together , but is still worth watching thanks to strong performances from James Franco and Jon Hamm .
James Franco brings the poet to life so vividly that you feel like you could spend all afternoon listening to him talk .
Howl is one of the most artless art films ever made .
As an evocation of a time , a place and especially a state of mind , Howl is fascinating .
Howl is a disappointingly mundane movie about a vibrant , iconoclastic subject .
It 's about literature itself , the ways in which it works on the reader and the folly of applying some objective standard of decency and meaning to words on a page .
The film forces us to face what a powerful poem `` Howl '' remains . That poetry is n't just pretty language , it has the ability to make us think about our lives , even to change our lives .
It 's a decent film , but I just wanted it to be better than that since I cared so much for the poet and what he stood for .
The poem `` Howl '' is a great work of the imagination , but the movie is oddly unimaginative .
Jake Ehrlich shows the court that far more important than any expert 's opinion is the freedom for Americans to decide the issue for themselves . And that is poetry .
Despite James Franco 's smart performance as poet Allen Ginsberg , this film rings hollow .
Franco?s elucidation of the writer is soaring in its warmth and sincerity . The words are -LRB- mostly -RRB- Ginsberg?s ... but the vitality and the passion are all Franco?s ...
The language of that poem , which periodically pours out from the screen , is the best thing in the movie .
The result , though clearly flawed , is passionate and ambitious , celebrating that long-gone era when a book of verse could spark a revolution in consciousness .
The best thing about the film Howl is the poem Howl .
Plagued by modest flaws , but co-directors Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman have enough passion for the project , and strange and original ideas about how to execute it , to carry the whole thing across .
A film at odds with its own message .
The movie merely points us in the right direction , and it 's up to us to follow the trajectory as best we can .
An ambitious but flawed misfire .
Not to be confused with `` Scream , '' `` Howl '' is unique , a movie telling the often fascinating tale of one of the most important American poems and poets of the 20th century .
How do you make poetry cinematic ? `` Howl , '' a new film about beat writer Allen Ginsberg , asks that question without realizing the question is backward . It should be : How do you make cinema poetic ?
Allen Ginsberg 's work becomes a dazzling display of the poet as uninhibited soloist .
It 's well-crafted , but I wish the film showed us an additional dimension or two of the central figure , who once said the great challenge in writing , any kind of writing , is `` to write the same way you are . ''
The bold , outspoken man of later days is seen here as still a middle-class youth , uncertain of his gayness , filled with the heady joy of early poetic success , learning how to be himself .
Less of a howl than it is a whimper .
Like the counterculture icon that penned the poem that serves as the title to Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman 's film , Howl is one odd bird .
Unfortunately , films like Howl come closer to fluffy biopic than topical docudrama
As strong as most of its component parts often are , Howl just does n't quite work .
Not satisfying on any predictably plotted dramatic level . But , like a great song one surrenders to , its tangential , multi-varied approach captures the urgency and dread of Ginsberg 's groundbreaking work .
An ambitious and admirable film from documentarians Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman , Howl is inspiring , frustrating , and compelling . But finally , it does n't come together .
By the time this movie 's over , you 've spent an hour and a half just working your way through the words of `` Howl '' and some related source material , and that turns out to be a surprisingly satisfying thing to do .
Some of this works very well , while other parts neglect the fact that film is primarily a visual medium , and footage of somebody just talking can get tedious .
Riveting performance from James Franco dominates as iconic Beat Generation poet Allen Ginsberg does battle with intrusive animation and static talking-head scenes . There 's no rhyme nor reason for this ill-conceived concept .
While certain elements engage -LRB- Franco 's stentorian thrum as he deliciously performs the work -RRB- , Howl seems more like performance art than a movie -- with a mild Law & Order on the side .
An exemplary work of literary criticism on film , explaining and contextualizing its source without deadening it .
Making a movie about a writer and his work presents a fundamental problem : how to visually depict an activity that takes place entirely inside someone 's head .
Howl is a movie with no clear narrative . It pushes boundaries and feels like one man 's fever dream . But all those traits would certainly make Allen Ginsberg happy .
A film of passion and ambition , but one whose success is intermittent at best .
Happily , Ginsberg 's words still cut recklessly through the years .
A gutsy , inventive film about an important moment . It 's not for everyone but should please those who are open to the chances it takes .
Allen Ginsberg 's revolutionary 1956 poem `` Howl '' -- a literary manifesto for the Beat Generation -- gets a great reading from modern-day beatnik-star James Franco , playing the poet with bebop passion .
The result is more fancy than funky , but the directors ' aim is true and occasionally hits its mark .
James Franco 's now tiresome androgyny -LRB- so soon ? -RRB- asks for wink-nod approval of Ginsberg 's hero status without adequately delineating Ginsberg 's personality or the emotional tensions of the late - '50s era .
There is no defining story of lasting importance here , so the directors opted for a small narrative , a lot of drawings and snippets of the trial . It 's filled with graphics , but does n't really amount to much of a film or an illumination of the man 's life .
A Beat Generation biopic that makes you sympathize with the Man ? That 's just unholy .
Splendid as Franco 's literal characterization and overheated line readings can be , art director Eric Drooker 's literal-minded animated interpretation of `` Howl '' are as sodden as a cold latke -- as well as a distraction .
Fascinating ... While -LRB- co-directors -RRB- Epstein and Friedman 's recreation of the -LRB- `` Howl '' obscenity -RRB- trial is illuminating and riveting , it is Ginsberg 's personal story that gives the movie its heart .
Did Friedman and Epstein not notice that by having Franco reveal the meaning of each word and phrase , they 're just as bad as the district attorney who filed the case ?
The Wikipedia article on ` Howl ' is far more entertaining than the film .
Leaving aside its merits at recreating Ginsberg 's artistic evolution , it is one more laudable attempt to represent gay people as having fulfilled existences unlike the weepy `` Brokeback Mountain '' et al. .
Talented James Franco is astounding as Allen Ginsberg in this thematically interesting feature , t it 's too bad that the directors have chosen the tiresome format of courtroom drama for their tale and animation that 's distracting to illustrate the poem .
Howl is very , very , good . Worth seeing if you love writing , if you 've ever written , if you 're intrigued by the creative process as a whole .
A complex , multi-layered commentary on art and what it means to different people .
It 's a mixture of styles that may have worked well if concentrated on one over another . Instead the subject matter struggles to find a distinct voice .
It 's done pretty well as a poem up till now , and more than once during Franco 's reading , I simply closed my eyes and listened .
Milk meets Pink Floyd the Wall . Says everything it has to say in the first 20 minutes , then keeps repeating itself .
The filmmakers do n't get everything right but their passion for Ginsberg 's genius and their excitement over trying to deconstruction a literary master work is contagious . A more perfect film might have been just a teensy-weensy dull .
The end result is dramatically inert , a showcase for James Franco 's technically adept but entirely unilluminating impression of Allen Ginsberg .

@highlight

James Franco gives it his all as beat poet Allen Ginsberg , but Howl never develops enough of a focus to do his performance justice .