Knight and Day is fun enough-something like a toothless Bourne Identity , in which a federal superagent -LRB- Cruise -RRB- is pursued through the streets of fancy olde Europe for a crime he only sort of committed .
Knight & Day was not the triumphant return for which Cruise was hoping .
Knight and Day is a bit too long -LRB- one too many plot twists that made you just not care by the end -RRB- but it 's fun though predictable thrill ride .
Knight and Day does n't revolutionize the spy genre , but it 's an entertaining , pleasant distraction with fun performances by Cruise and Diaz .
A broad , boring comedy bogged down with a plot that does n't seem to matter much , even to the participants .
hits all the beats you 'd expect from an international thriller
Scattered and uneven , this action drama wastes a terrific Tom Cruise .
Fast-paced action sequences , coupled with the performances and O'Neill 's script , make `` Knight and Day '' a fun film that will please fans of the action genre .
It 's a calculated , artificial formula for box office success barely disguised as a story .
I 'm just not feeling enough to really get worked up about what 's wrong with it .
It 's not a bad movie . It 's not exactly a good movie , either , but it 's got its moments . Knight and Day is a film about charisma and on-screen chemistry , but unfortunately not much else .
An incidental romance punctuated with out-of-one 's - element humor and computer-assisted chase sequences , wholly weightless .
Attempts to walk a delicate tightrope , simultaneously parodying and indulging in outrageous super-spy action , and fails in both endeavors .
Cruise and Diaz both seem refreshed here -- both are at their charming best .
As a pure popcorn , dreams-writ-large , kiss-kiss-bang-bang , globetrotting romp , Knight and Day delivers . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
A highly enjoyable , breezy action film . Cruise and Diaz are fun to watch .
The action sequences go on too long and the reliance on CGI is often blatant , but Cruise 's irrepressible zest and Diaz 's ditsy charm pull the film through the rough patches .
This action-comedy has its moments , but its flaws often outweigh the action spectacle and story .
It 's the Hitchcockian `` wrong man '' theme played as a Hollywood action lark , all momentum and spectacle and no mortal risk or moral confusion ...
`` Knight & Day '' is absurd without being funny . It 's also lacking in the onscreen chemistry department . '' Paul Chambers , CNN .
Knight and Day feels like the product of a different era . And no , I 'm not just talking about the 1990s , when star Tom Cruise was a legitimate box office draw and not an ever-smiling kook with an uncanny knack for making people feel uncomfortable .
Reiser Mangold Noć i dan čini koliko-toliko gledljivim , ali ni toliko da bi dosegao uobičajene i niske standarde `` neobavezne ljetne zabave '' .
A snappy comedy dressed up by its high voltage action sequences -- in no small part thanks to the charisma of its ' leads .
Knight & Day is an adventure movie that pretends Jason Bourne never woke up with amnesia .
A film to cheer audiences , 12 and slightly upwards , not seduce critics ...
Diminishing returns eventually topple it , but not before Cruise has cemented one of his most relaxed and likeable performances in some time .
We do n't buy tickets to movies like this to see sensible storylines and deep characters ; we want overwrought , effects-heavy action and sexless banter .
Knight and Day is by no means the worst film of the summer , but with a flailing Cruise on board , it feels like the most desperate .
The stunt work is impressive , the various international locales are easy on the eye and Cruise and Diaz make a fun couple but it all feels calculated and mechanical .
Cruise 's curious meta-thriller wears thin long before Knight-fall
It 's not bad DVD entertainment , but as a big summer movie , it 's a bit of a washout .
The miracle is that Patrick O'Neill was able to pitch his screenplay for Knight And Day and not get carted off to a home for the criminally insane .
It 's a reasonable enough romp , but Tom Cruise with a gun still makes me uneasy .
About as memorable and entertaining as the last bath sponge I bought .
If your idea of cinema heaven is plenty of gun fights and car chases then by and large that 's what Knight and Day does .
Soon deteriorates into a pointless travelogue of explosions as the pair are chased from a tropical island to Austria and on to Spain , the plot becoming more tedious with every location .
Toes in one side of the brain and out the other , leaving little trace .
Cruise and Diaz are both very attractive with their infectious , mile-wide grins .
Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz ! Tom and Cam ! Cruise and Diaz ! Together again !
Knight And Day is to cinema what Andre The Giant was to acting .
They make a fun duo , but none of the constituent genres work in this overbearing action-rom-com .
Cruise , extravagantly tousled and cowlicked , resembles an action-man doll having a big hair day .
Taken as the live action cartoon it is , Knight And Day will deliver enough generic fun to see you through your popcorn .
Once you cotton onto the fact that you 're watching ` Carry on Bourne ' , you might even enjoy it .
Lazily directed and poorly written , this is a disappointing action thriller-slash-romcom that wrongly thinks it can get by on star power alone .
The body count is high , but the killing is bloodless and breezy .
Seven or eight years ago , maybe , this team-up might have been worth getting excited about .
Knight and Day is a bit like a booze-filled night out with a bunch of strangers you do n't quite trust .
For every female who 's ever been infatuated with Tom Cruise ... here 's your love letter . Did this go wrong in the editing room , or was it always this bad of an idea ?
The spy-caper story is as forgettable as they come and the jokes are pretty forced .
This film is saved from complete failure by Cruise , who seems to be having fun and does his best to inject some verve into the lacklustre plot and monotonous chase sequences .
Falha em basicamente tudo que se propõe a fazer , só não se tornando um fracasso completo graças ao carisma de seus protagonistas .
If Diaz and Cruise had shared some chemistry on screen I may have forgiven all of its sins . Alas , they do n't .
Though it sells itself as a free-wheeling adventure , Knight and Day is a precisely-constructed and strategically vital opening salvo in the restoration of the ` Tom Cruise ' brand .
Cruise gets to do what he does best , namely flash a winning grin then leap from a moving vehicle , guns blazing . Diaz gets to play to her strength , which is goofball romantic comedy .
Cruise and Cruz are a well-paired team , here to have fun , and that fun translates in a movie that features moments that are intentionally and deliriously absurd .
Directed at a breakneck pace and with a spry script , it ratchets up the stakes as its stars leap from stunt to outrageous stunt . After a few years without a hit , Cruise seems back in control .
click to read the full review on Movies for the Masses
The wonderful screwball chemistry between a cunning , tough-to-read Cruise and a naive , open-book Diaz carries Knight and Day effortlessly over a few bumpy spots along the way .
James Mangold counts Stanley Donen 's Charade and Alfred Hitchcock 's North by Northwest among his inspirations for Knight and Day and I 'm still wondering why .
It 's a film absolutely of the moment ; you 're not going to come out of it debating its finer points .
Knight And Day runs out of ammunition -LRB- unlike its characters -RRB- well before the closing credits start to roll .
Boasting fine supporting turns -LRB- Peter Sarsgaard and Viola Davis are both excellent -RRB- , perfectly placed twists and turns , and enough star-shine to power a small city , Knight And Day is big time entertainment , with a capital E.
By the time the story nears its climax , we completely jettison dreary reality and take flight with this plucky duo on their way to ` someday '
Player or pawn ? That is the key question in this delicious action thriller that finds the perfect balance between comedy and taking itself seriously enough to be real
Knight and Day works due to the charms of Diaz and Cruise , and it figures out how to exaggerate action without making the audience feel insulted .
Knight and Day ends up chasing itself around in circles , going nowhere , doing nothing , hoping to coast on charm and goodwill .
One of the biggest mysteries of Knight and Day is figuring out who exactly the film is primarily for
The Tom Cruise action persona is in full swing and given a good roasting in the entertaining Knight and Day .
Is this the Knight to save the Summer movie season ?
delivers plenty of bang , but with a much-appreciated wink
Half-aware it 's an action flick while trying to breezily amuse , and half-alert to its comic potential while roaring off on a chase or shoot-out , it staggers along . Knight and Day 's potential vanishes in the haze of a mundane situation-comedy .
Entertaining enough but utterly ridiculous .
The exciting `` Knight And Day '' is a blast that stays in Cruise control .
All style and no substance ...
Cruise is top-billed , but the point of view belongs to Diaz : This is not a male-oriented actioner but a romantic fantasy for plugged-in , green screen-savvy girls sympathetic to the idea of courtship as a series of deliriums and fugue states ...
Its about as light and fluffy as summer action movies get . It 's also as relentless and desperate to entertain as we always hope the worst summer movies wo n't be .
This is a summer action film and it does deliver on the promise of action . While the action is so extreme as to border on silliness , this is often done intentionally for comic effect .
Banks on the star power of its leading man without realizing the account is overdrawn .
Cameron Diaz has turned to PIXAR to create the perfect CGI manifestation of a face . ` It has been a long time since the sight of me has evoked both Buzz and Woody , ' explained Cameron .
Filled with plenty of feather-light entertainment , Knight and Day is an enjoyable matinee that will dissolve away from you as step out into the summer sun , refreshed and smiling .
Mangold keeps spirits high and the touch light .
Jumpy , unmotivated , and senseless .
Cruise is refreshing and Diaz is not . But that is not enough to ruin the entire film !
Crazy Cruise has a great time in this summer flick , and you will too .
-LSB- It -RSB- disappoints because it should have been much better . Instead of a comic thriller with some depth , it is as lightweight as a soap bubble , and just as likely to pop .
... the effects throw us into physics-defying action so preposterous that one half of the movie undermines the other .
Propulsive action fare for romantic comedy escapists .
If you like exhilarating , escapist nonsense with personality , Knight and Day is for you .
Mindless escapist blockbuster comic action film , that was fun for awhile but ran out of charm before it could close the deal .
When you combine the right actors with correct chemistry and some decent writing , even formula works .
Knight and Day is often so mindlessly preposterous -LRB- especially during the CGI-heavy action scenes -RRB- that it makes The A-Team look as complex as L.A. Confidential by comparison . Luckily , Cruise and Diaz both have their movie-star wattage burning bright .
The quiet -LSB- character -RSB- moments are placed perfectly , like emotional depth charges that explode and energize the enjoyment factor .
True , `` Knight and Day '' is preposterous nonsense . Just think of it as a spoof of one of Cruise 's `` Mission : Impossible '' movies on crack .
The pairing of attractive movie stars usually translates into box office gold . This globetrotting action adventure is proof that too many cooks spoil the broth . The glaring red flag is that ...
Another generic big-name action film minus any real heart or soul .
Fast-paced and charming , Knight and Day may well restore the box office fortunes of its well-matched leading man and lady . It 's the Mr. & Mrs. Smith of 2010 .
It 's a pleasant bit of nonsense , made all the more palatable by Tom Cruise 's terrific work .
I think we all secretly want to be kidnapped by Tom Cruise , build chemistry together during a globetrotting spy game while trading sassy banter , and then sneak a whiff of shorty 's sneaker lifts when he 's not looking .
Tom Cruise is not the failsafe , bankable actor he once was . But his performance here reminds us of what made him a star in the first place .
An action star who does n't glower -- what a relief !
By the finale , it 's hard to shake the sense that the movie has already expired , and everyone involved -LSB- is -RSB- just trying to prop it up , `` Weekend at Bernie 's '' - style , long enough to heave it over the 100-minute mark .
The people who made Knight and Day may think they 're giving audiences what they want but what they 're really saying is : This is what audiences deserve .
The slick , proficient Knight and Day is proof that you should never count Cruise out .
Though the movie suffers from over-edited action , the quirky leads keep things headed north by northwest .
You might have to be hankering for a dumb action flick to really get your money 's worth in the theater , but if you are that is exactly what you will get .
It 's an unmarried True Lies
You 'll have to offset the fun performance of Tom Cruise with the annoying and shallow performance of Cameron Diaz . For me the latter overruled the former .
If you 've ever heard a humorless man try to tell a joke , then you know everything you need to about James Mangold 's straining , flat-in-all-directions foray into action-comedy , Knight and Day .
An uneven action-comedy that too often trips over its own potential .
Of the dozen or so studio summer extravaganzas that have landed on screens thus far this year , excluding animated features , James Mangold 's Knight and Day strikes me as the most entertaining and , inarguably , the nimblest of the lot
Knight and Day woke me up to just how awful some summer entertainments have become . It is n't that the film is harmful , except to moviegoers ' wallets and movie lovers ' morale , but that it is truly phenomenal for the purity of its incoherence .
A slick and action-packed , but so brainless , thrill-less , unfunny and tedious that you 'll yearn for any of the 80 's and 90 's classic action comedies .
Cruise and Diaz nearly save Knight and Day .
Knight and Day is generic and insultingly stupid . Do n't waste your time or money on this one .
Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz on a wild and suspenseful ride .
Cruise and Diaz have worked together before , but this is their first summer-movie pairing , and their star qualities are so similar that together , instead of romantic chemistry they generate a sort of giddy , blinding falseness .
Cruise has always come across as the kind of guy you 'd like to hang out with and it 's that charm that carries the film during the more , shall we say , unrealistic scenes .
Overly cute and overconvinced of its own cool .
Truly enjoyed Tom Cruise in this movie . Diaz ... not so much .
The opening mid-air shootout is edgy , funny and clouded in question-raising mystique . It 's everything the film that follows is not .
Cruise and Diaz put the entire force of their charms behind Knight and Day 's strained action-comedy ; unfortunately , it 's never quite enough .
The plot takes more shortcuts than a foolish out-of-town driver trying to second-guess his or her Garmin .
This is a lot of fun , but leave your brain at home .
Lighthearted and silly , to the point that you do n't mind Cruise 's immobilized forehead or that Mangold obviously has henchman entering a scene wearing dark helmets just so he can recycle the stuntmen as they get knocked off .
Beyond implausible , but loads of fun thanks to the chemistry of the leads .
What a summer popcorn movie should be . It 's big , it 's preposterous , and it 's a whole lot of fun
It 's more comedy than action -- which is fine , because the comedy is zesty and not overly quirky , and mostly pretty funny .
Knight and Day is a fun and over-the-top action flick that delivers a great performance from Tom Cruise but needed work in the blue screen effects department .
Cruise and Diaz share one indifferent smooch . They come off less like potential lovers than amiable traveling companions .
What drags Knight and Day back to Earth is the reluctance to fully commit to the zaniness .
Once the initial suspense over Roy 's intentions wears off , Knight and Day shifts from mildly intriguing to clumsy and predictable .
It 's a shame that an initially fast-paced romp like this limps across the finish line .
Cruise , for his part , can still dependably produce unlimited quantities of Tom Cruise-ness , a natural resource undiminished and virtually unchanged since its discovery in 1983 . The question for the 2010 audience is whether we have any use for it anymore .
Who needs things like narrative cohesion and logic when you 've got Cruise and Diaz at their winsome best in Knight and Day ?
Slick and energetic action-comedy showcase for Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz has nothing on its mind but pure escapism .
If nothing else , Knight and Day is an enjoyable and entertaining action flick with one of the best summer movie openings in a long time .
Cruise retains an unusual charisma and a natural feeling for the camera .
Knight and Day , his latest tilt in that direction , has its flaws , but at least it gives audiences a good time .
A little more time developing why these strangers come to care for each other might have helped , and ultimately , it 's a failure of script more than performances .
The real purpose of the exercise is watching the two stars radiate charisma at nuclear levels while zipping through exotic locales in high-speed vehicles .
The lackluster Killers tried to do the same thing , to much less success . But this smarter , comic action-thriller has almost everything you could ask from a supposed `` popcorn '' movie -- especially in terms of action .
After so many bad romance movies , it 's a treat to see genuine sparks fly between two major stars . That the budding relationship evolves over the course of bullets , die-hard assassins and chiseled torsos increases the pleasure .
If you can settle into its odd , low-key groove , I think you 'll find it 's a light pop beverage that goes down easy during one of the lamest blockbuster summers in recent memory . My parents are really going to like it .
Give in to the ridiculousness , and Knight and Day is frisky fun .
A motorcycle chase through the streets of Spain during the running of the bulls is a great idea . A motorcycle chase through the streets of Spain during the running of computer-generated bulls is not .
Tom Cruise should go bonkers more often . At least on screen , that is .
Blackouts are a crucial element of Knight and Day , explaining how much of the hoo-hah continues to happen .
One of those films that constantly feels like it could have and should have been better as it threatens to come together but does n't quite do so .
The film as a whole lacks a pulse-pounding , swoony mood of adventure and romance . Still , it does have Cruise , and he 's almost worth a recommendation alone for his spirited efforts .
The trouble is the perpetual-battery plot and multiple use of a knockout-potion bit are weak beyond belief , to put it mildly , and the romantic hero and heroine have low-power screen chemistry , the sine qua non of this sort of thing .
Knight and Day shows Cruise firing on all cylinders , and moviegoers will be reminded of why they rushed out to see his movies in the first place .
Though it boasts the shiny white teeth star power of Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz and offers a cute premise , Knight and Day is a flimsy enterprise .
A bona fide example of comedy/action , it delivers a perfect one-two punch of both . Energetically directed by James Mangold , this is the film that the poorly received Killers hoped to be .
To misquote Cole Porter , ` Knight and Day ' is n't the one ... a cross between ` Charade ' and ` Mission Impossible ' that mimics the over-the-top action of the latter but , sadly , has little of the former 's charm .
Knight and Day is many good moments surrounded by unrealized potential .
In the traditional way , the story is a flimsy thing ; and in the traditional way , that does n't matter .
For its first hour it is a fast-moving fun lark of an action-comedy only to drop much of its good will in the second half to become a generic package with little-to-no surprises in store for its audience .
We 've seen all this before in any number of disposable Hollywood products , but there 's something particularly odious about it here given Cruise and Diaz 's black-hole lack of chemistry .
There 's no kinetic rhythm , no From Paris With Love energy or craft , no Jonah Hex wit -- only a distorted , distended James Bondish marathon chase .
A frivolous , fast-moving , globetrotter of a summer blockbuster that 's more glamorous and fun than it is clever and intricate .
The `` all in a day 's work '' cheerfulness with which Roy chats up June as he racks up an ever-higher body count , meant to be funny , comes off as is off-putting , at least if he 's meant to be the good guy .
Exotic , edgy espionage escapade , delivering an exhilarating if exhausting thrill ride .
One character gets knocked out so many times it feels like she spends half the movie unconscious . I do n't blame her . I wish I 'd spent the entire thing that way .
The premise is tired , the tone does n't exactly work , and I honestly still have no idea why it 's called Knight and Day .
The movie ... get -LRB- s -RRB- saved by the surprising charm and easy rapport generated by Cruise and Diaz as an odd couple bouncing from one exotic locale to another ...
Knight and Day may have generic characters doing generic things in generic situations , but it 's got Movie Stars with huge white smiles looking pretty and being blandly inoffensive in exotic foreign locales .
Together , -LRB- Cruise and Diaz -RRB- form an almost irresistible combination that saves some rather sloppy plotting .
Too much of it stretches credibility too far -- yes , even for a film designed to do just that -- and thus feels like the filmmakers took the easy way out and/or did n't have what it takes to make a smart , mindless movie . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
Overall , Knight and Day succeeds in its modest aspiration to provide light , fun summer entertainment .
By the time Knight and Day establishes its real intentions and the plot begins to ride its preordained rails , that sense of playfulness is muted for the ordinary .
Few things in the cinema are more annoying than the sight of a film insisting upon its own cutesiness and this one practically leaps off the screen and grabs you by the lapels in its efforts to do just that .
This fusion of action romance and comedy leaves out one very key element : fun .
Grindingly conventional yet not without some grandly loopy , even bizarre , occurrences , one questions at times whether the film is attempting to be avant garde . It 's not , though . It 's just pieced together more incoherently than usual .
Watching -LSB- Diaz -RSB- romp around the world chasing danger and avoiding death is bliss itself , the two stars making the very most of their sizzling and sexually charged chemistry .
Knight and Day is a high-functioning entertainment machine , guaranteed to please just about everyone who is n't determined to be grumpy .
The locales are luxe , the banter witty , the bullets fly .
It 's intended to be enjoyable without overtaxing the brain , and it easily achieves that goal .
Cruise and Diaz are both easy to look at and they work well together .
The movie is based in America , but travels to Spain and Austria , locations that were evidently chosen for tax considerations and not for any serious filmmaking intent .
It 's lightweight but enjoyable summer fun .
It just keeps charging forward , jumping from continent to continent , introducing villains in shifts -LRB- including the shifty villain Peter Sarsgaard -RRB- and blowing things up with panache .
It 's a quintessential movie hybrid : a romantic thriller with exciting high-speed chases , brisk comedy and exotic scenery .
If you doubt Cruise 's skills in the star department , Knight and Day should make you a believer .
The movie not only borderline satirizes the Bourne and James Bond series , but also Cruise 's own screen persona .
Sadly , everything is much simpler than it seems .
... a pleasurable lightweight summer movie that showcases what makes Cruise and Diaz appealing on screen
An Elegantly Simple and Nicely-Made Summer Flick That Does n't Quite Have the Tension Its Title Suggests .
Stays afloat on the strength of its leads even as the plot gets sillier and the 110 minute runtime has you fidgeting in your seat .
Their effortless charm gives off enough sizzle to keep things going between stunts .
A stylish , globe-hopping , action-packed comedy that starts at full blast and never lets up . Cruise has n't been this loose and comfortable on screen in a long time .
Knight and Day rises or falls on how you feel about the body-and-soul chemistry between Cruise and Diaz , who first teamed in 2001 's Vanilla Sky ... their teasing and one-upmanship are more brother and sister at play than lovers in heat .
If you thought `` Killers '' was bad , well this one is worse . Cocky Cruise and dim Diaz add no star luster .
At least they 're not Katherine Heigl and Ashton Kutcher in Killers .
It 's both straight-faced spy film and sly spy spoof . That 's a difficult balancing act , but director James Mangold exactly right .
Patrick O'Neill 's script is so convinced of its own cleverness , you 'll be halfway through before you wonder if you 're missing something . You 're not .
A loud , seemingly interminable , and altogether incoherent entry in the preposterous and proliferating `` action-comedy '' genre .
Knight and Day is by no means a period piece , but it 's certainly dated -- another '80s flashback , this time to the Classic Coke version of Tom Cruise .
One of those movies that requires you to accept that every single time a character is presented with a choice , he or she will make the worst and most inexplicable one .
The entertainment comes from how much fun it is watching -LSB- Cruise and Diaz -RSB- on screen together and that 's what separates Knight and Day from previous attempts at mixing romance , comedy , and action .
The movie 's a piece of high-octane summer piffle : stylish , funny , brainless without being too obnoxious about it , and Cruise is its manic animating principle .
Tom Cruise is no longer cool , a truth he just ca n't face -- if he could , he 'd be cooler .
Knight and Day is ultimately too relentlessly silly for its own good .
Knight and Day is an action comedy that works . But it 's also a surprisingly poignant romance . This is the summer flick you 've been waiting for .
Tons of fun . Cruise is great , and Diaz can still rock a bikini !
A director and a couple of movie stars , however , can go only so far on fumes .
Apparently it 's OK to have numerous corpses in a PG-13 movie , as long as none of them have names .
I must ask : are we supposed to get off on the utter absurdity of today 's big action set pieces ? When was the last time an action comedy made you commit to the characters ?
Mangold , working from a script by Patrick O'Neill , accelerates events in a way that is either a perfect representation of how current action films are made or a demonstration of everything that 's wrong with movies today . Maybe it 's both .
Actor turned screenwriter Patrick O'Neill should thank his lucky stars -- both of them -- that Cruise and Diaz signed on for this . They have two of the most infectious grins in the business and their good humor puts this over .
Knight and Day is something few other 2010 summer movies have managed to be : fresh .
Knight and Day is a slick and agreeable four quadrant film
Either pleasantly harmless or pointlessly forgettable , but definitely lacking in pizzazz .
It is never less than light on its feet , even as its body count climbs into the dozens .
Cruise 's presence also helps keep things light , breezy and watchable when the action -- and the story itself -- spin ridiculously out of control .
Knight and Day may cover familiar ground , but it does so with confidence and with two movie stars who were able to effortlessly summon their biggest movie star charisma .
As a star vehicle , it is strangely dominated by big action set-pieces -LRB- some energetic -RRB- , with little attention paid to the characters -LRB- lead or supporting -RRB- , and plenty of CGI violence that makes the preposterous plot all the more senseless .
The wonder is that Cruise and Diaz are effective enough in their roles that they 're not overwhelmed by all the commotion surrounding them .
A high-energy , low-impact caper-comedy that labors to bring a measure of wit , romance and glamour to an overworked spy-thriller template .
Logic and plausibility take a holiday in this nonstop actioner that counts on stars Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz to sell the nonsense .
James Mangold -LRB- `` Walk the Line '' and `` 3:10 to Yuma '' -RRB- pawns off his direction credentials to shepherd through this spastic piece of celebrity eye-candy action drivel .
The epitome of escapist summer fare !
The key to the humor is Cruise 's breezy sangfroid ... the more unflappable Cruise is - and the more worked up Diaz gets - the funnier this all is .
Awesome fun ! Cruise is back and sexier than he 's ever been ! And if you once loved him , you will again . Whatever your gender , you will want to be kissed by Tom Cruise .


@highlight

It 's pure formula , but thanks to its breezy pace and a pair of charming performances from Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz , Knight and Day offers some agreeably middle-of-the-road summer action .