A film where everything is second-hand and arrives several seasons late ; only the pulse of excess between Kingsley and Hopkins brings a very slight touch of distinction . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Nicholas Holt is at his worst . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Ridiculous . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Pure noir cinema . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Hoult deftly carries Collide on his shoulders .
Loss of time in a film that has a stellar alignment , but never takes off as either an interesting drama or an action thriller . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The director puts too much faith in cars , but the hunting extend until the fatigue ; Every time Casey is about to be captured , he miraculously escapes , and the cycle repeatsover and over . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The paraphernalia that emanates from the scenes of action and persecution are a tactic that does not solve the arguments of Collide . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While a dyed-blonde Jones does gamely with another thinly-sketched role , the real fun of -LSB- the film -RSB- is watching Kingsley and Hopkins deliver two of the more off-kilter performances of their careers .
Collide layers uninspired dialogue on top of a poorly thought-out plot , resulting in a forgettable disappointment of a movie .
Collide is n't bad so much as it is a routine , but it could have been a romp .
In the end , Collide is a cheap genre product produced with an eye on foreign market box office . Wake me when Dominic Toretto torques his way into Havana .
Hoult and Jones are unable to breathe much life into their bland characters , and it 's ultimately sad to watch the former Hannibal Lecter and Gandhi reduced to playing silly , tough-guy caricatures .
Collide reminds me of the aftermath from a multiple car pile up on the expressway .
Hopkins and Kingsley ? What a cackle .
Unexceptional , a hodgepodge of corny voice-over and repetitive , anticlimactic plotting , with Hoult and Jones miscast as a couple of party-hardy American expats .
This action thriller is plagued by poor camera work and a screenplay that 's riddled with holes and implausibilities ; the only worthwhile thing about it is the bad guys ' wild scenery chewing .
The kind of low-rent action movie that only exists because everybody involved knew that nobody in the Western world would ever see it .
A cast of reliable performers slum it in this by-the-numbers action thriller .
Breezily paced , no frills , mildly ludicrous but perfectly watchable , and buoyed by hammy villains .
Collide is n't just a giant waste of time that only brings the worst out of its impressive cast , but it unforgivably takes an eternity to end and put you out of your misery .
I do n't subscribe to the notion that a piece of art shows its entire hand within its first ten minutes , but director Eran Creevy 's third feature does n't inspire a whole lot of confidence with its bland introduction .
Wait for some diligent YouTuber to edit together Hopkins ' best moments , and you 'll enjoy the best five minutes of the film for free .
If proof were needed that not even a starry cast can save a trashy script , ` Collide ' certainly provides it .
`` Collide '' has a few good car chases . But it 's a fairly empty and humorless exercise that falls apart whenever cars are n't doing somersaults on the Autobahn , or Kingsley and Anthony Hopkins are n't hamming it up shamelessly .
The most compelling characters are n't the ones with two legs , but those with four wheels .
A flatly earnest Hoult and Jones are hamstrung by drippy dialogue , while Kingsley and Hopkins overplay their more colorful parts - with the former doing a cartoonish Turkish accent and the latter delivering lines with strange emphasis .
At the very least , Collide offers the novelty of seeing Ben Kingsley give a monologue about his love for the tight body of Burt Reynolds .
Hand-in-hand with its bleeding-heart nature , Collide has the ballsy idea of making a serious action movie about a fool in love , but that just becomes one of its many bungled stunts .
It 's tough to root for a guy who continues to make the same dumb mistakes that result in him getting into the same trouble .
Poorly conceived and executed , it does n't even feel like something that can be laughed about when it shows up on cable ... which will probably be very soon .
Collide was probably a nice vacation for the cast and crew -LRB- and a decent tax write-off for other folks -RRB- , and it shows .
If you squint hard enough and hop on one foot , it 's actually an entertaining B-movie , delivering some agreeably frantic moments in a European setting .
It 's difficult to begrudge a film that has the good sense to put so much stock in Ben Kingsley 's hammy theatrics .
-LSB- Hoult -RSB- has an easy-on-the-eye physicality and he makes all the running , dodging and high-octane sequences believable and exciting .

@highlight

Collide wastes a talented cast on a would-be thriller fatally undermined by eye-rolling dialogue , logical fallacies , and humdrum set pieces .