With a plot lacking no urgency , Shrek 3 is a well-animated film containing a few standout , but ultimately throwaway sequences that do n't do enough to sustain our interest .
Computer-animated ugliness
From its humble , elegant origins as a slim children 's book by William Steig , Shrek has metastasized into a symptom of and metaphor for the entertainment industry and modern culture in general .
Shrek the Third has the curse of the third in a bankable series . It is too often sappy , tiresome , and overblown . A franchise such as Shrek , with all the money it has accumulated , should be able to buy a little freshness and originality . But instead
Apart from some modestly amusing princess shtick and a pleasantly slapsticky opening , there 's no real reason for anyone over the age of 11 to see this one .
The best thing it has going for it is its look , which is stunning .
Though the devious wit of the original remains , it is obscured by too many classic-rock interludes -LRB- courtesy of Led Zeppelin , Heart and Paul McCartney -RRB- and nudging pop-culture references that seem by now just part of the formula .
This is a very skillfully made corporate product , but I wonder who , exactly , will be fully satisfied .
The problem with this film is that after a quick , fun beginning they repeat a similar journey from the first film . Except this time , Shrek and Artie argue instead of Shrek and Fiona .
Your kids may enjoy it , but you would do better to wait for the video .
Feels refreshed and might be -- especially for relieved parents -- the most entertaining film of the franchise .
While there are times of moderate amusement , Shrek the Third offers few surprises . It seems as though perhaps the creators have found their stride and are calling it in more than going out on a limb .
Princess power saves the day for ogre and pals .
To trito sequel mias ap ' tis pio dimofileis mythologies stin istoria toy animation , poy apodeiknyetai pera apo ahreiasto , olotela eisitiriothiriko kai safos katotero tis istorias toy kleisimo enos franchise poy ehei , ap ' o , ti fainetai , pia eksantlithei .
Shrek the Third , which vigilantly flirts with the grey matter between child 's play and adult humor , creates curious questions for children while bringing back beloved characters for another joyride in Far Far Away .
It 's far too open in its desires -LRB- MAKING MONEY -RRB- to be hate-worthy .
The humour seems to be aimed more at adults , which is good news for those being dragged along by their children , and even though it 's disappointing , there 's still plenty to smile at .
The film has little new to offer and the trailers show most of the funny moments .
Any film with the wherewithal to cast Ian McShane as Captain Hook has more going for it than flatulence .
This third outing sadly lacks in ambition and , at times , even offers the whiff of sitcom plotting and plodding .
It might be best to let the big guy live happily ever after .
On this evidence , thrice is definitely enough .
Like an overstuffed Happy Meal with a deliberately deceiving nutritional guide .
There ca n't be another episode in the pipeline unless it is decided to erase the memory of this one which simply does n't achieve what the first two films managed : to appeal to kids and parents as well .
From beginning to end , it 's very , very funny . Watch it . It 's great .
It would be a good idea for those involved to quit while they 're still -LRB- just about -RRB- winning .
Unfortunately , a few flashes of brilliance do n't stop this being a disappointing follow-up to the brilliant first two films . do n't let that stop you from taking your kids to see it so they can make up their own minds .
Under-10s will probably enjoy it while adults will feel they 've seen it all before . Which is n't quite the fairytale ending we 'd all hoped for .
There 's no doubt Shrek The Third will make potloads of money . Pity it shortchanges the audience with an underwhelming plot and characters you sense are just going through the motions . When it 's good it 's great . Overall , though , the magic is lacking .
In the end , Shrek the Third , like so many Hollywood animation movies today , neither trusts itself nor cares to create any new magic . If it were a child in a classroom , it would be the back-row smart arse , rather than the poetic dreamer .
Shrek the Third is n't awful , but it 's bland , with a barrel-scraping averageness .
Children may devour the slapstick , but the once-mighty Shrek has somehow lost all his charm and spiky humour .
`` Ogre and out '' say the critics , but the Shrek series still has laughs and legs .
A shame it lacks the smart sassiness of its predecessors . Time to call time , we think .
Computer-generated animated movies with wall-to-wall jokes can be excruciating , but these jokes are the funniest money can buy .
Another summer threequel , another case of slipping standards - not so much in the visuals , which remain predictably impressive , but in the all-important gag rate . To waste both Donkey and Puss is a crime ...
Uninspired threequel , though the animation is better than ever and there 's a steady stream of chuckles , even if it does lack the magic of the previous films .
Vibrant colors and finely-crafted backdrops pave the way for characters who , believe it or not , felt more alive in this world than they did back in those old books or cartoons .
Great animation and good jokes .
Yo no sé si habrá una Shrek 4 , pero si el ingenio y el sentido de la diversión se mantienen no me importaría en absoluto volver a visitar ese reino muy , muy lejano .
Shrek the Third is the X-Men : The Last Stand of Shrek movies : overstuffed with characters , short and fast-paced , and overdone just enough to convince some that it 's time for the series to take a rest .
-LSB- Seus -RSB- valores de produção jamais deixam de impressionar o espectador . Infelizmente , o mesmo não pode ser dito sobre sua narrativa , que empalidece em comparação aos capítulos anteriores .
What 's lacking is that intangible sense of fun , of inventiveness , of ingenuity , that made the first Shrek something you ran to your friends , grabbed them by the arms and told them they simply HAD to see .
Price , Seaman , and Zack have created a half-assed script which , while it does n't bring shame to anyone , it does n't bring anyone any glory either .
It suffers from that common virus , sequelitis -- the ennui that afflicts blockbusters when they 've outlived their capacity to amuse .
Antonio should use his Puss n ' Boots voice in the Zorro sequel .
Decent , but not as good as the first two films .
In less than three weeks on the American cinema circuit Shrek the Third has grossed a whopping $ 258 million ! No wonder a Shrek 4 `` prequel '' and a Puss in Boots -LRB- starring only you-know-who -RRB- spin-off is already in the works for 2010 ...
This out-of-tune , off-kilter , lame-o finale -LRB- oh how I hope it 's the last one -RRB- to the Mike Meyers-led `` Shrek '' franchise is so far removed from the first two films that does n't seem related .
The sequel has n't been imagined as the next level with which to bring Shrek . It 's just more of the same , served a little colder .
... odd that the animation should grow ever more textured and subtle while the humor grows ever less so ...
Justin Timberlake as the voice of the wiumpy Artie is certainly the best new addition to the Far Far Away Kingdom
plays like warmed-up leftovers
The bad news : this year 's Shrek the Third is not more fun , cute , entertaining , and clever than the first two . Far from being a yawn , there is no call for jumping up and down either .
It 's brilliantly funny but makes sure none of the laughs come at the expense of the integrity of the characters
... Shrek the Third is an example of take-the-money-and-run blandness .
The very Shrekness of Shrek -LRB- Mike Meyers -RRB- is the loser -LRB- the monster , the outcast , the grump -RRB- redeemed . This time , he must deny that good fortune to other losers , that is , losers who are not him .
Turning to Arthurian legend to fill the gaps of the fairy tale parodies you 've run short of makes for a mess of a film .
Shrek is back for thirds and just as appetizing as the first two servings .
Both the donkey and the kitty have largely been neutered , and the film 's makers did n't bother to introduce any compelling new characters to pick up the slack .
Tackiest movie moment of the year : The dead serious use of Paul McCartney 's ` Live and Let Die ' during the funeral of the Frog King
Whatever wit and charm were present in the original Shrek has long since vanished , replaced by sitcom-level punchlines , lazy plotting , and flat characterizations .
The filmmakers abandon the inventive , freewheeling humour of the first two episodes for a more talky , rushed tale .
Shrek the Third plays like missed opportunities purposefully planned out that way . It 's a film so afraid of letting down the demographic that it never ventures beyond the safe .
It 's hard to escape the feeling that the performers have reluctantly dressed up one more time just to indulge the audience rather than to really entertain them .
The writing is weak , and it 's no wonder . Most of the writers have written stinking screenplays before .
By the time the film ends ... we see our heroes Shrek and Fiona exhausted and asleep , the perfect metaphor for how much juice is actually left in this concept .
This is the most visually impressive Shrek yet . It 's also the least inspired .
Maturing all too quickly into adulthood , Shrek the Third , is over burdened with responsibility and a yearning for simpler , carefree times .
This has clearly become a paycheck film for all those involved . There 's no energy in any of the voice acting , the jokes are stale , it 's film making by committee at it 's worst .
The plot material is n't as strong as in the first two movies -- if anything , it feels a bit desperate -- but the anti-Disney joke blunderbuss remains in good working order .
Time to put this fairy tale to bed while it 's still good and let Shrek save some face .
Green is n't just the color of ogres . It also represents the cold hard cash studio execs can again expect to reap , no matter how often they repeat the same basic joke .
Predictably , ` Shrek : The Musical ' will be Broadway-bound next year . And just as predictably , ` Grindhouse : The Musical ' will not be .
Shrek standing up for himself means insisting that he is not King material , despite the fact that everyone around him believes he 'd be a great leader .
Compared to the relentless cheek -LRB- remember Pinocchio 's red thong ? -RRB- of ` Shrek 2 , ' this entertaining third film is more modest , kind , and organic .
While there are lots of funny moments , the smartness and wit of Shrek the Third seems to be missing a fifth gear .
Enough projectile vomit , fart and poop jokes to keep kids of any age enthralled for ninety-minutes .
I ca n't say that it hurt to watch . Truth is , it was so nothing that it inspired no feelings at all % u2026 other than disappointment .
If you actually are a fan of Shrek , nothing I say will convince you to skip it -LRB- Captain Obvious sitting 2 rows back laughed at jokes they would have cut from Leave it to Beaver for being too corny -RRB- but heed my warning .
Parents will be left wondering why all the laughs , the snarky wit , and the gentle joys of the series had to go so far , far away .
There is good news and bad news about Shrek the Third . The bad news is that it is n't on the same level as the first two . The good news is that it still gets enough right to be well worth a look .
Shrek the Third , lacks everything that made the first two Shreks so entertaining .
... we 're treated to Pinocchio treading the minefield of interrogation ... and the Gingerbread Man seeing his life flash in front of his eyes ... It 's those fine supporting character moments that occasionally make it soar .
Sorry , but what a piece of `` Shrek . ''
The best `` Shrek '' of them all !
Sequels usually follow the rubric ` same thing as last time , but more . ' Shrek The Third instead goes for less : fewer jokes , less energy , and toned-down characters reiterating old banter , as if from a half-finished outline of a script .
Kids craving a safe summer-film sugar rush wo n't care much , though adult fans are bound to wish upon a star for something besides another animated feature running on autopilot .
Shrek the Third pretty much serves up the same tired fairytale shenanigans with little of the original 's magic . Still , the franchise 's undeniable charm alleviates some of the Third 's banality .
Feels sluggish and tired ; its relentless , not-so-great gags hit with the soft thud of stone-hard bread crumbs .
The characters are still appealing , most of the jokes funny and the usual heavy-handed message comes through loud and clear .
What does it profit an ogre if he gains the whole world and loses his soul ?
Shrek the Third hath succumbed to the rigors of the Hollywood franchise and , while hardly a disaster , it is not so inventive or novel as its predecessors .
Shrek has been great fun . Now let 's say goodbye and move on to some fresher ideas .
The first 15 minutes of this picture had me rolling in the aisles . The careful animation of the frog-king rocks . Not so funny during middle chunk . Great pop-music choices !
The film 's humor is all in the business and nowhere in the lame story 's two subplots , neither of which is strong enough to sustain a real movie .
A parallel world of wonders , zestfully conceived and radiantly rendered , in which the great-hearted ogre tries his likeable best to avoid the parallel threats of kingship and parenthood .
The world of the fanciful fable looks particularly vibrant this time with its signature blend of realism and fantasy . It is a pleasure to watch these fairy tale folk be themselves -- yet again .
The real trouble is that the filmmakers consistently choose gags over character . Playing King Harold 's death for comedy ? He 's Fiona 's father , even if he is a frog -- Shrek would never have gone for a cheap laugh like that .
What the characters and satirical situations may lack this time out in a certain fresh vitality , they more than compensate for with a warm , laid-back familiarity ... and the occasional , out-of-left-fjord surprise .
A fairly underwhelming experience for man or child -- not so much bad as just more of the same , with little of the original 's novelty or freshness .
Essentially the movie is saying to its loyal crowd : You bought this stuff before , now take it re-canned . There is nothing really happening but the breezy ricochet of gags , the rote sitcom types , the star voices that are phoning in performances .
Shrek the Third offers few surprises but packages its predictable elements quite delightfully . The pacing is brisk and the jokes nearly constant , with enough silliness for kids and cleverness for parents .
The narrative momentum and comic energy begin to flag right about the point Shrek and his sidekicks begin their quest for Artie , who 's an exceedingly bland addition to the cast of characters .
If you 've enjoyed the clever and very funny Shrek adventures so far , Shrek the Third will not disappoint ; it 's on a par with the entertaining original , and even a bit better than Shrek 2 .
Many of the jokes are stale and calculated , as though dictated by corporate committees mindful of the franchise 's all-ages audience -- a joke here for dad , one for mom , one for teens , one for kids .
What a pleasant surprise that Shrek the Third mostly connects with a fairly tight story -- even if it feels less like a movie and more like a really good episode of a Shrek TV series .
The series is showing signs of aging , from the predictably jokey store signs -LRB- Versarchery , Abercrombie and Witch -RRB- to the classic-rock instrumentals playing under the fight scenes .
One of the few film franchises to retain a high level of quality even on the third outing .
It 's just that when you 're offered two delicious treats in a row , and then the third one feels rushed , bland and undercooked , it 's tough not to feel a bit disappointed .
Audiences who flocked to the first film because it was distinctive are being sold the same thing all over again because they liked it well enough twice before . The result is business as usual disguised as something new .
Shrek may have been first , but revisionist fairy tales have become more common than the real thing , and this sequel should have done more to differentiate itself .
Invention has given way to formula -- and babies . Shrek has jumped the shark .
Amid the swamp of crude humor and self-conscious parody , the biggest problem ... is that it has more uplifting messages than a very special episode of Blossom .
You do n't go to a Shrek movie for the plot . You go to have your funny bone stroked by the patented blend of fairy tale tradition and pop culture references . And Shrek the Third delivers .
The movie 's tidy running time is crammed with so many yuks that I 'd have to watch two or three times to catch them all . And I would n't mind .
Do n't arrive late , children , because what little energy exists gets expended early on .
The visuals are superb , the voice cast is top-notch , and it 's fun to revisit old friends , even if their patter feels a little too familiar .
This somewhat lowbrow fantasy spoof simply repeats the same jokes -- once , twice , three times ... or more .
An amusing -- if not consistently brilliant -- edition of a series that has yet to show signs that it needs to call it quits .
One measure of comedy 's pleasure might be how often you recount the best bits after leaving the theater . Shrek is loaded with the sort of set pieces , both hysterical and satisfyingly amusing , you 'll irk friends with .
Disposable , clever and never willing to pass up a chance to show how hip it can be , Shrek the Third should make kids titter , adolescents snicker and cash registers ring .
Lacks freshness and has the air of contrivance . It 's gone too far into its own self-referential head and the cast of favorite fairy tale characters feels overpopulated .
Reasons not to make Shrek the Third : Played-out characters . Bland villain . Novice directors . Slipshod plotting . No compelling story or emotional depth .
It 's the croaking Frog King Harold who unwittingly provides the metaphor for the state of this fairytale franchise with a drawn-out death scene that 's kind of funny at first but then drags on way too long .
The ornery ogre brought to life by Mike Myers and DreamWorks in 2001 returns to the screen for his third outing , a fast-paced fantasy rife with witty humor and colorful characters .
In `` Shrek the Third , '' our green ogre is not only full of aches and pains , but is insufferable and whiny , which reflects the script 's regurgitation of classic stories and repetitive themes . That said , the grumpy fool is surrounded by charming and endearing
Just because you can make a third film does n't mean you should .
I 've never been a fan of the Shrek movies , and the third entry in the series dutifully continues with everything they do that 's annoying and irrational .
He 's Big , He 's Green , He 's Back , He 's Not That Entertaining .
Shrek the Third '' is like a comfortable old bathrobe or pair of slippers . It 's not a fashion statement . It 's simply easy to slip into .
The bar had been raised so high by the first 2 films that reaching it again proves difficult ... and they came close . Check it out !
The energy level flags a bit as the green swamp creature copes with greater responsibilities and impending fatherhood .
sometimes slightly heavy-handed messages ... are balanced out by stunningly beautiful , meticulously detailed animation and a healthy dose of the insouciant humor ` Shrek ' fans have come to expect .
... if you 've only seen one Shrek film , you 've seen them all .
Shrek the Third seems at once more energetic and more relaxed -LSB- than its predecessors -RSB- , less desperate to prove its cleverness and therefore to some extent smarter .
The imaginative leaps in the animation are dragged down by the deadweight storytelling .
Continues the deliberate bad taste that is the franchise 's hallmark , with the usual hit-and-miss results ... What 's missing is the heart that leavened the first two films .
This new Shrek film is overburdened with a `` been there , done that '' feeling .
It starts out funny , front-loaded with all the best bits , before settling into the let 's - just-sell-more-toys phase .
If there is any saving grace to Shrek the Third , it is in its willingness to be mean for the sake of funny .
Like Spider-Man 3 , Shrek the Third is an experiment in excess .
Without a desire to gleefully offend , and its comedy of expectation reversals now predictable , it carries that safe and settled whiff of trademarked franchise .
It 's hard to buy into the movie making fun of anything when it 's become such an easy target for mockery itself .
Third still clowns around big time , now using the horde of personalities for jokes instead of strip-mining classic fairy tales to nudge-nudge , wink-wink the script into a puddle of poison .
Shrek The Third is a funny visit with familiar characters that will make you laugh , but you do n't leave hoping for a fourth .
Another great lesson for the children . When the green is guaranteed , you can put as little effort as possible into your project .
Shrek does what he does best : pop culture shout-outs , irreverent humor that 's too high-brow to infect the kiddies , and still enough slapstick and classic cartoon nonsense to keep those wee ones happy , too .
A direct-to-video quality production being sent to the theaters instead in the hope of getting families to spend ten times as much money -LRB- or more -RRB- ...
Subversive humor , long the calling card of the Shrek films , is present here but in shorter supply
No one but patrons with fistfuls of dollars can save this cash grab from itself .
DreamWorks , I beg of you , quit while you 're ahead .
Equal parts bells and whistles short attention span three ring circus , and a pizza with the works that has so much piled on that it has n't got the flavor of anything in particular .
By the time Shrek and Arthur are learning that it is okay for them to be themselves , it is starting have that `` very special episode '' feeling that even a kickin ' rendition of `` Thank You -LRB- Falettinme Be Mice Elf Agin -RRB- '' ca n't make work .
It 's ... fine . It 's fine . But I wanted a lot more than ` fine . ' I expected much , much more than ` fine . '
All excitement and anticipation aside , no two ways about it this sequel is also a frightful disappointment , the fairy tale clearly over no matter how much I and so many others would rather wish otherwise .
Marks a decided drop in the series .
It jumps the Shrek . No wonder Donkey and Puss in Boots get pushed aside . They have to make way for big bull in this disengenous , lifeless sequel that preaches individual destiny but behaves just like the cashcow it 's been groomed to be .
The big , green ogre and his ragtag pals are still an amiable lot to spend ninety minutes with , but a creative overhaul might be in the cards if the series is to continue to a part four .
Where the first two films laced their stories with references to and appearances by familiar fairy tale characters , Shrek the Third is almost totally dependent upon them .
-LSB- Monty -RSB- Python-ish nuttiness is thinly scattered , but it makes the movie worth seeing -- once .
Boring and sluggish even with Shrek often naked .
A deflated , weakly plotted effort that only intermittently recaptures the jubilant humor of the earlier films .
Shrek the Third has its moments . But does a kids ' movie really need , among other similar touches , a Hooters joke ? I , for one , would n't want to have to explain it .
The formula still works . Maybe not as well , but it works .
Shrek the Third manages to -LSB- add new characters and plots -RSB- without losing sight of the series ' primary appeal , the snappy subversiveness with which it upends fairy tales , nursery rhymes and legends .
Those of us charmed by the original Shrek and its ability to mix fairy-tale sweetness with some hilariously grown-up cleverness will leave disappointed . Much of this feels like a retread , a cash cow without enough ideas to justify its existence .
Eddie Murphy , Mike Myers , and Antonio Banderas are three of the all-time best matches of actors to animated characters . So it 's a shame the writers were n't inspired to give them funnier stuff to do .
Shrek the Third has a maddeningly plodding pace . It 's less a movie than a shiny magnet installed in theaters to take your money .
There 's never the sense of a movie begging for laughs by throwing in anachronisms . The jokes are organic to the movie , to its sly and slightly caustic worldview , and they do n't stop coming , from start to finish .
There 's no disguising the fact that Shrek the Third has come down with a bad case of sequelitis . You know the symptoms : Lots of razzle-dazzle to distract from the hole at the center of the story . You know , the place where fresh ideas should be .
It 's fitfully amusing , and only 80 minutes long .
As far as the adventures of Shrek go , it grieves me to report that the third time is charmless .
If you 're into the last two installments , you 'll find the same laughs here . Nothing more , nothing less .
At least this sequel finally establishes how many licks it takes to finish off a popular fairy tale spoof . Three .
It makes the mistake of thinking slapstick action is funny for its own sake . True , characters zooming and bouncing around are easy to write because no creative invention is required to set them in motion . But so what ?
The charm has evaporated . Cinephiles will enjoy some of the in-jokes -LRB- watching an awful play , one character cracks , `` This is worse than Love Letters '' -RRB- . But then , if you 're a cinephile , why would you bother with this ?
I doubt even rabid fans of the first two will consider Shrek the Third a worthy addition to the franchise .
Director Chris Miller and the credited writers are determined that if these films are to be a collection of riffs and gags , with a sweet afterthought for a finale , then they ought to be very good . And , largely , these are .
Geez , it 's not very good . Talky , overpopulated , even the ha-ha so-called adult jokes have grown stale and predictable .
Parents will be better off firing up the DVD player and steering well clear of this plodding , unfunny disappointment .
Three cheers for Shrek who may have bad b.o. but whose heart is in the right place !
If you enjoyed the first two Shreks and do n't mind paying again for something you 've kind of seen before , you wo n't be disappointed .
Ornery and more ordinary , lacking some of the clever originality of its predecessors , the lovable green ogre is still irascible and endearing .
The Shrek pictures are commonly considered fairy-tale spoofs , but these are reinventions , really ...
Four words say all that needs to be said about Shrek the Third : more of the same . The problem is , what seems fresh and pleasing the first time through starts to feel a little stale by the time we 've gone through it three times .
The prime example of what happens when you craft something for the express purpose of entertaining dullards , mental defectives , and toddlers .
Shrek the Third brings nothing new and fewer laughs .
The third time 's not the charm . `` Shrek the Third '' is n't a bad movie . It 's just not as funny or as smart as the first two . Now that it 's a franchise , it has forgotten both its heart and its brain because it has dollar signs in its eyes .
`` Shrek the Tired '' shows the series ' age ; writers seem to be running out of classic stories to skewer , reaching awkwardly for the King Arthur mythos this time out .
What began two films ago as a deliciously snarky reinventing of fairy tales , done with appropriate , and long overdue , swipes at the purveyors of schmaltz has become the very thing it once made sport of
Flat and pointless , Shrek the Third is a sequel made for the worst reason , merely to keep a mega franchise in the public eye and to position it for TV and Broadway spinoffs .
A blockbuster phenomenon that would n't exist without the efforts of other films , and somehow smugly pats itself on the back for it .
Shrek has always been a lumbering , heavy-footed fellow , but his first two movies were a lot more nimble than this one .
Shrek the Third sticks to the swamp it knows best , in a mild climate of palatable jokes about fatherhood , high school , girl power , and a drug-education program for teens that advises `` Just Say Nay . ''
You 're not an ogre for thinking that Shrek the Third feels tired , like the big green guy after a light jog .
should be a huge hit , even if it 's a bit of a letdown from the silly fun of the first two films .
Shrek returns in a warm-hearted film that takes the next step in his character evolution - and keeps us laughing all the way .
Shrek has become a part of the homogenized mediocrity it was railing against in the first place .
Blinded by avarice and all out of ideas , once again , Hollywood ca n't tell when enough is way more than enough .
The third outing remains amusing , but lacks the genuine thrills and few belly laughs that made the other two so memorable
Fiona 's reactive complexity gives her a personality that makes you want to put your arms around her and hug . -LRB- Doing that to her voice actress will do just fine , as well . -RRB-
On a creative level , it 's not nearly as good as its predecessors , lacking the clever edge that made them so appealing to moviegoers of all ages .
While still mirthful and eccentric enough to amuse his hordes of admirers , the irascible green ogre begins to show signs of encroaching middle age in Shrek the Third .
Much of the bite and a good deal of the wit of the first two films are missing here .
Though not as good as the first or second chapters , it 's still a playful , self-reflexive fable with vivid characters and references to pop culture .


@highlight

Shrek the Third has pop culture potshots galore , but at the expense of the heart , charm , and wit that made the first two Shreks classics .