Written and directed by a newcomer , Eric Guirado , this is a delightful coming-of-age film that quietly explores the hidden tensions in family life .
The landscape with Mont Sainte-Victoire regularly in view is seductively beautiful .
A warm-hearted tribute to a disappearing way of life , the unhurried Grocer 's Son is a well acted film where the journey is more important than the final destination .
Writer/director Eric Guirado lets events unfold at their own relaxed pace , and has a feel for simmering family resentments , while the wonderful Clotilde Hesme is effortlessly charming in the role of the free-spirited best friend .
A little predictable in places , but explores family relationships with pathos and perception .
It 's a small , well-rounded movie that you 'd be hard pressed to find fault with , achieving its modest goals with subtle aplomb while whipping up humour and empathy from Antoine 's rapport with his doddery clientele .
This is a slow-burning charmer of a film that rewards those prepared to settle into its easygoing pace .
This is a sweet and engaging little film , and though it becomes more contrived and sugary as the story progresses , there is real charm .
In its slow-moving , at times uncomfortable way , this is a heartwarming film .
Unfolding amid the dappled sunshine and dusty roads of Provence , this is a film that lifts your spirits .
The Grocer 's Son is best described as a feelgood film that does n't underrate its audiences too much .
Emotionally engaging , impressively directed and superbly written French drama with strong performances from Nicolas Cazale and Clotilde Hesme .
How could a French audience not enjoy such a nostalgic look at a simpler and bucolic way of life ?
Beautiful Provence , and its charming traditionalists , colorfully work their summer magic on a hunky wayward son with terrific appeal to ferment a sparkling romance .
It 's not a great movie , but it is a beguiling one : a Gallic version of American films such as Doc Hollywood or Cars , in which a city-dweller opens up to life when he succumbs to the languid pace and the intense one-on-one relationships of the country .
It 's sublime work , the whole picture having a firmly enthralling lived-in consistency that 's cant help but feel utterly genuine .
For all of its sleepy charms and pretty shots of the countryside , the film does n't serve up a lot of fresh insights , unless you count finding out what senior citizens buy from grocery vans in these little hamlets .
Anyone who takes a chance on this unpromising import will be richly rewarded .
If more Americans were OK with subtitles , The Grocer 's Son would be the perfect Sunday-night TV movie .
Eric Guirado 's lovely French drama The Grocer 's Son is about that moment in a young person 's life when he realizes that he is , despite all efforts to the contrary , a grown-up .
At a time when most other movies are boorishly brash , a film like this stands out precisely by being low key and modest .
This is very surehanded filmaking from Eric Guirado , and it 's a world away from the trendy nostalgia of city folk for country ways in recent French comedies .
The real joy of the film comes from the many charmed moments of naturalism in which director-co-writer Eric Guirado captures the interaction between people of different worlds with luminous authenticity .
The location shooting in the narrow lanes and small communities is good , and among Antoine 's customers there are some really wonderful characters ...
An engaging combination of coming of age , family drama and romance , with a teaspoon of Provencal remedies thrown in
Much of the joy of Eric Guirado 's beautifully judged film lies in the way he allows us to become part of the characters ' lives
Eric Guirado 's film is an engaging combination of coming of age , family drama and romance , with a teaspoon of Provencal remedies thrown in .
This is intimate cinema , rewarding for the way it takes its time .
A film that sticks close to its characters and plays fair with them throughout .
The plot of `` The Grocer 's Son '' is familiar , but its impressionistic visual stylings are at once lyrical and precise , gestures toward character rather than pronouncements .
Ignore the boorish main character , and The Grocer 's Son is salvageable as a celebration of rustic pleasures .
The Grocer 's Son offers a nicely observed portrait of a man in search of himself , finding his purpose , and finding that , in fact , it is possible to go home again .
Despite its rather well worn premise of a prodigal son returning to his family home , this charming French film actually feels quite fresh and original .
The quiet , patient soulfulness of the film , which Guirado co-wrote with Florence Vignon , lingers .
A movie begging this hard to be loved is unattractive .
Unforced and beautifully acted .
. . the type of film that may convince you that life could not be sweeter than selling groceries by the side of the road in Provence .
You can probably guess the trajectory of the story . But it 's not really the destination that makes this a charmer , it 's the journey there , mostly by grocery van .
Director Eric Guirado has woven an endearing modern-day fable that offers a pleasant 90-minute respite from the worries to be found outside the theater doors .
Though its quiet pastoral charms may not change your life the way they do Antoine 's , you 'll find the scenery comforting , the humanity reassuring , and the story appealing .
This honest family drama is exceedingly modest , but Guirado 's skills handling story , character development and details pay off handsomely .
Cazalé makes an appealing hero even at his most sullen and resentful , and Clotilde Hesme is a breath of fresh air as the platonic girlfriend for whom he has unexpressed feelings .
A love of unspoiled countryside and its sturdy people suffuses this film , which unfolds with subtlety , humor and affection -- and becomes in the process a pure enchantment .
It 's a sweet , low-key charmer .
Guirado 's genuine affection for the people of Provence and their genteel lifestyle engenders an honest warmth and coziness that carries the film breezily through its less-inspired moments .
-LSB- A -RSB- small gem of a film .
Will deliver to audiences who embrace a well-acted , written and directed story that immerses one in a rarified milieu of rustic charm .
Given that Eric Guirado 's drama sticks to a predictable arc , it 's less the tale that matters than the telling .
A small , self-assured film that moves at its own pace , always staying one graceful step ahead of its reluctant protagonist .
A sweet tale of a man learning to care about others , The Grocer 's Son is still simpleminded on a very fundamental level .
Conveys the stultifying mechanics of human labor through sheer repetition , while aspiring to subtle moments of insight rarely captured in movies , as to how work comes to define who we are and how our lives play out on the planet .
Eric Guirado 's documentary background grants a rare richness of detail and unforced humor to his seductive second feature .
The lead actors are hot and the living is easy in the French summertime idyll Le fils de l'epicier -LRB- The Grocer 's Son -RRB- .







@highlight

A noteworthy performance by Eric Guirado makes this gently pastoral film a moving coming-of-age story .