It 's not going to solve any problems in the Middle East , and it does n't attempt to , either . It 's just a quiet story about the uncomfortable charm of coerced hospitality .
It 's both quintessentially Israeli and an enjoyable experience that will touch audiences no matter what their background .
-LSB- Writer/director Eran -RSB- Kolirin finds bittersweet humor in the comedy of their melancholy lives and fumbling efforts at communication and common ground
Filmmaker Kolirin shows Israelis what they 've been missing , and the rest of us what the Middle East could be , in the gentle , human-scale antics of the confused Egyptian band .
A conventional humanistic parable that it is wise and graceful all the same
Not so much a story about Jews and Arabs finding a way to get along as it is a nonpolitical story about people discovering the humanity in others , in all their scared , awkward beauty .
Some of the humorous and touching explorations between the band and their hosts are predictable , but a sweet portrait of humanism amidst language and cultural confusion .
One of the film 's prime strengths is its wordless willingness to let the principal characters express themselves through music and mime to overcome cultural barriers . -LSB- DVD -RSB-
This foreign film is a sweet , lower-than-low-key story of an Egyptian police band that arrives in the wrong Israeli town .
Those who like their comedy , romance , and tragedy in quiet doses should enjoy this textured story .
A witty , elegant and deeply affecting film .
What matters is the sense of exhilaration you take away with you .
funny , sweet and touching
There are no major plot points or dramatic arcs in The Band 's Visit , but through its awkward pauses , there 's plenty of nuance and wry humour .
A film of exquisite charm , beauty , humor and humanity -- with some of the best performances you 're likely to encounter in some considerable time .
The Band 's Visit is a charming little drama that skirts sentimentality and manages to be a feel-good film without necessarily feeling very good .
The Band 's Visit has pathos , but it is also very funny .
The 34-year-old Israeli director Eran Kolirin 's debut feature is a good one .
Like no fish-out-of-water film in recent memory , it leaves you with the hope that these fish will find their way back to water , and maybe learn to share that puddle before the desert dries it up entirely .
... there 's hardly a moment in this delightful movie that does n't ring with authentic human feeling .
The formality and the deliberate pace suggest the influence of Laurel and Hardy and Jacques Tati ...
Despite the cultural divide between Arabs and Israelis , subtract politics from the mix and their shared humanity shines through in Eran Kolirin 's gentle film .
Arab-Israeli relations get the warm fuzzy treatment in The Band 's Visit , a wonderfully appealing Israeli film that should have been up for a foreign-language Oscar .
Perhaps the band members have seen the movies she so loves , and in her eyes , imagine themselves as next generational approximations of Omar Sharif .
We see bittersweet and beautiful emotions running throughout the film . These are spread from the small victories in human connection to the shared passion that the language of music conjures up .
It 's beautiful and gentle and warm and a little silly , but in the best possible way ...
It 'll be a long time before the image fades of members of the Alexandria Ceremonial Police Orchestra in their powder-blue regalia lining up formally as they struggle to maintain their dignity .
It 's a film of subtleties ... delicate , but infinitely rewarding .
This movie has a tone , look and mood all its own -- it 's a joyously bittersweet piece of visual music about isolation , melancholy and everyone 's yearning for transcendence , through love , art or both .
Kolirin has a fine sense of where to place the camera and when to cut between shots for maximum comic effect .
It 's a small , profoundly satisfying movie that keeps echoing long after it 's over .
Elkabetz is splendid .
The Band 's Visit reveals that the strangest places are rich in dreams , joy and hope , and that strangers can share them .
Kolirin 's writing conveys the poignancy and heartwarming touches that make this movie the triumph that it is .
This is one movie where words can do little justice to the quality of the film itself .
A quiet , sympathetic film about the loneliness that surrounds us .
Director-writer Eran Kolirin creates some charming vignettes , ... little gems in a small , but sweet , movie .
Sunny and light . Could have been much more if it had wanted to .
These are characters the feel believable and are engaging .
You can watch The Band 's Visit for its political idealism , or you can watch it for entertainment value alone . In either case , it does n't disappoint .
While Kolirin clearly loves his characters , you can sense a general tone of condescension in the way they think and interact .
But not for nothing was it nominated for thirteen Israeli Academy Awards , winning eight , including best screenplay , actor , actress , director , and picture .
The film succeeds because of the nuanced performances of its superb cast , and because of Kolirin 's witty visual compositions .
None of this is earth-shaking , but The Band 's Visit is n't meant to be . Like a balloon , it 's short-lived and modest , but it brightens your spirits while it 's around .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Kolirin wonderfully maintains an atmosphere of both humor and melancholy .
The Band 's Visit blends gentle comedy and softly aching pathos into a low-key , deeply affecting wonder , a sort of alternate-universe version of Aki Kaurismki 's raucous 1989 hoot Leningrad Cowboys Go America .
Taking a premise that could give rise to either slapstick or hand-wringing , -LSB- director Kolirin -RSB- produces a charming little film built of bits of music , romance , cultural conflict and the simple human need to connect .
You expect The Band 's Visit to be a sweet little snapshot , a delightful and endearing culture-clash movie -- funny and poignant and human . And it is all those things . What 's surprising is how it manages to be just a bit more .
It is a small message , but a sincere one , about the solitude that separates us , and how the expression of this solitude can bring the unlikeliest of people together .
Sharply observed and agreeably acted , The Band 's Visit does n't soar to giddy heights , but it moves along and holds one 's attention .
With luck , filmgoers who discover this gem about an Egyptian police band stranded in a small Israeli town will make it the must-see movie of the season .
Despite all its melancholy , The Band 's Visit is often quite humorous and warm , and its underlying message of common humanity is elegantly rendered .
The Band 's Visit is a charming and tender meditation on loneliness and the essential need for human connection .
A drama about isolation and communication , The Band 's Visit is characterized both by strongly delineated characters and low-key comedy .
In turns tender and awkward yet always with an eye towards the universal language of hope .
... a hopeful film that looks forward to the day when Israelis and Arabs are at peace and can focus on the little victories and setbacks of everyday life .
Every frame of this low-key delight is about foreignness .
There 's nothing subtle about the lesson in human-to-human detente in a sea of hostility . It 's a nice try , if a bit over-rated .
The film 's sweetness , simplicity , and sincerity are hard to overstate , and probably impossible not to like .
A sweet little film about the universality of loneliness , The Band 's Visit succeeds admirably whenever it does n't attempt to exceed its modest scope .
What a lovely first feature this is from Israeli director Eran Kolirin , brief at a mere 80-plus minutes but never in a rush , never loud , always willing to wait for the emotion to bubble up quietly from the situation .
Eran Kolirin 's insightful little film -- about a starched band of cop-musicians whose travel plans go awry -- is more than about what happens when ostensible enemies get to know each other .
There 's just one thing wrong with The Band 's Visit : it 's fiction , not a documentary . You want a story as warm as this to be real , because good news is scarce from the Middle East .
An inconsequential little movie that is worth seeing solely because of its touching and genuine characters .
both a clever parable on the state of Israeli/Egyptian relations , as well as a surprisingly affectionate , amusing tale .
If the Great Stone Face himself were around today , this is the kind of narrative he might well find himself in the middle of .
A truly lovely film , as patient and generous with its characters as viewers should be with its delicately latent politics and occasional over-love of eccentric tableaux .
This modest little fable from Israel , in English , Hebrew and Arabic , has spellbinding resonances , yet never breaks the spell by blowing its own horn .
At moments , the movie is almost sentimental , but the performances save it every time .
Eran Kolirin 's fish-out-of-water comedy-drama is a real treat , often funny and genuinely moving .
The film leaves us with the notion that music ; sweet simple notes arranged in brilliant order , is one language where even Jews and Arabs can find harmony
When The Band 's Visit ends we feel refreshed and fulfilled .
Just a few notches left of mediocrity .
Music , as one would guess , plays a key part in giving The Band 's Visit its wholeness .
The laughter , I think , comes from a recognition of the shape of our own regrets .
Charming and touching ... gentle and soft-spoken , but it speaks volumes about the possibility of reconciliation in one of the most politically volatile regions of the world .
Tonally , The Band 's Visit steps gingerly on the line between ` sweetly humane ' and ` cloyingly quirky , ' but -LSB- director -RSB- Kolirin pulls back the reins just enough , maintaining control by expressing as much with his framing as with his script .
Something marvelous happens as the filmmaker , in his first feature , expertly metes out small scenes of communication between people taught , for generations , to be wary of one another : This Band swings with the rhythms of hope .
Pretty , resonant and utterly approachable as a gentle comedy , The Band 's Visit is conventionally low key .
When in doubt , strike up the band .
The Band 's Visit resounds with tenderness and melancholy .
The Band 's Visit is a lovely first film from young Israeli director Eran Kolirin that offers a Middle Eastern inflection on the bittersweet stylings of Jim Jarmusch and Aki Kaurismäki .
Fresh , funny and engaging , it 's a shame that a technicality disqualified it from Oscar contention .
Eran Kolirin 's uncommonly assured directorial debut hinges on its characters , and in Ronit Elkabetz as Dina , and Sasson Gabai as Tewfiq , he strikes cinematic gold .
A deeply spiritual comedy about the bridge-making capacities of hospitality and the way music serves as universal language that draws people together .
Writer-director Eran Kolirin has a gentle touch , although the film is too self-consciously sentimental .
A remote , Israeli desert town is the setting for this droll , endearing comedy about an accidental cultural exchange that very quietly says some very important things about contemporary Arab-Israeli relations .
With its attention to detail and careful , naturalistic performances , it 's a small slice of life .
The Band 's Visit , the first feature by the Israeli writer and director Eran Kolirin , flirts recklessly with obviousness , cuteness too .
Kolirin does n't go for belly laughs . He prefers subtle , wry humor , much in the fashion of Finland 's Aki Kaurismaki .
Both a soulful mood piece and beautiful exploration of cross-cultural communion .
The Israeli film that 's become celebrated for what it lacks -- enough Hebrew to contend for the best foreign language Oscar -- can now be seen and appreciated for what it has in abundance : visual wit , verbal charm and a completely droll sense of humor .
A tender , poignant allegory for Arab-Israeli tensions that never makes a single overt gesture toward articulating its larger concerns .
Even with the subtitles , The Band 's Visit is n't that far removed from a CBS TV movie ... at least it knows not to overstay its welcome .
Israeli filmmaker Eran Kolirin has made a sly and bewitching chamber comedy that underscores the decency of its characters while sidestepping the gooey , let 's - join-hands imperative of its premise .
If you stick with it , the story of the Alexandria Ceremonial Police Orchestra 's visit to the dusty nowheresville of Beit Hatikva -LRB- when they 're actually looking for Petah Tikva -RRB- has an irresistible tragic and romantic undertow .
It has an elating lightness that belies its heavy subject -- peace , or at least conversation , in the Middle East -- and it leaves you filled with a sense of possibility .
A little picture in the best sense of the term , it 's filled with small but telling moments and richly drawn characterizations .
A genuinely touching crowd-pleaser and a real treat .
This wry , quiet comedy takes an enjoyably askance look at Israeli-Arab relations , using a small , gentle story to say something extremely profound .
Delightful comedy with a subtle script and charming performances from its three leads .
This may be a small film but it is almost perfectly formed and by no means just a pleasant work in a minor key .
A modest , bitter-sweet charmer .
Sweet human comedy .
A gentle , unpretentious comedy that posits a why-can ` t-we-just-get-along approach to the Arab-Israeli conflict .
In other hands this might have become a clumsy message movie , but the witty script , charming performances and playful direction make for pleasurable viewing .
The kind of film that will appeal to patient viewers : charming , low-budget whimsy with a soupcon of political relevance . The music is lovely too .
The Band 's Visit could easily have become a clunky message movie , but Kolirin maintains a sure-handed balance of humour and heartache .
With its themes of social displacement subtly and skilfully enmeshed within a pleasingly straightforward shaggy-dog narrative , this is one of those films that runs at you with open arms , and you 'll find it very difficult not to succumb .
A heartfelt , wry and decidedly spry film .
What a charming , laugh-out-loud little gem this is .
One of the pleasant surprises at Cannes Fest this year and a highlight of Israeli cinema , this subtle , wry comedy concerns initial culture clash and miscommunications but then better understanding , when an Egyptian band lands in a remote Israeli town .
Radiant and wise comedy of miscommunication .
A warm and delightful take on cross-cultural relations that proves that sometimes a light touch is just what 's needed to address serious topics .



@highlight

The Band 's Visit is both a clever , subtle slice-of-life comedy , and poignant cross-cultural exploration .