Excellent , gorgeous anime has some violence , profanity .
A charming allegory for man - or woman - against machine , Summer Wars is an eye-popping symphony of colour and imagination that leaps from the screen to blow the viewer 's mind .
Far from resorting to easy , reactionary technophobia , Hosoda shows Japan 's age-old traditions being upheld throughout different generations , with the beautifully realised digital community of OZ proving as much the solution as the problem .
Where Hosoda shines is in the Oz-world visuals . The various confrontations with Love Machine in cyberspace are completely engaging - metaphorical visual representations of virtual conflicts in the manner of Tron : Legacy and Inception .
The filmmakers ca n't keep the strands of their clumsy plot straight , but they create brilliant images and manipulate them with blithe abandon .
An enjoyably trippy Japanese animated feature from director Mamoru Hosoda , Summer Wars combines real-world drama -LRB- school crushes , testy relatives -RRB- with virtual-world dramatics .
The story 's been done better -LRB- and balder -RRB- in Die Hard With A Vengeance
The relationship between Kenji and Natsuki unfolds as blandly as a Debra Messing rom-com .
It 's a sugar rush of candy-colored images , a beautifully drawn tale of family tradition and a bracing brain tonic about the Internet 's charms and vulnerabilities .
Summer Wars is every bit as good as anime fans have been hoping it would be .
candy-colored anime
A sophisticated yet poignant family entertainment with an appeal beyond Japanese animation buffs .
A free-flowing amalgam of cyberthriller and high school romcom .
Fanciful and beautifully drawn but leaning a bit too much on clichés and coincidences ...
It 's no coincidence that the Second Life-style virtual universe thrown into turmoil in Summer Wars goes by the name of Oz . This spectacular anime entry from Mamoru Hosoda echoes that 1939 classic .
Running almost two hours , its increasingly convoluted narrative may be too difficult to follow for younger viewers . But its thematic ambition and dazzling visual style ultimately make it one of the more rewarding anime efforts to reach these shores .
The story unfolds in unconvincing fashion , and the sci-fi elements seem silly rather than suspenseful .
It 's hard to appreciate things like the character detail amid the insufferably squealy voicing and arbitrary suspense .
There 's a lovely , unhurried quality to Mr. Hosoda 's storytelling , which nicely matches the clean , classically composed images of his outer story .
Hosoda adds enough dimensions to his characters and kinetic battles that the serene real world seems like a dream state .
Celebrates togetherness and bravery as much as binary-mathematics expertise .


@highlight

Family drama mixes with virtual online action in the breezy and entertaining Summer Wars .