There 's only so much Freeman 's gorgeous voiceover can do to hold it all together .
A ruthlessly winsome movie
Only the romance of two brittle twentysomethings -LRB- Toby Hemingway and Alexa Davalos -RRB- breaks free of the faux profundity and tedium that swallow up this feast whenever the characters leave the bedroom .
Feast of Love is a multi-layered -- layers of baloney -- tale of pursuit of love .
A would-be-wistful dramedy that 's almost insufferably full of itself .
Let Google point you to this movie 's finer moments , and leave the rest . It 's really that bad .
An overwhelming , yet boring mess .
it was definitely an interesting movie that caught my attention more than I ever expected it would
Feast of Love is the kind of movie that gets conveniently omitted from résumés .
Thanks to his excellent cast , and a very light touch , Benton makes these tangled relationships both real and touching .
The majority of the film is filled with arguing , betrayal and fear with a twinge of hope .
A disarmingly moving film about love , relationships and secret lives .
Feast of Love will fill you up with trite dialogue and sappy plot contrivances .
Salvaged from a tendency towards self-indulgent , far too self-conscious sentimentality , by a graceful literary elegance and sensitively shaped , meditative flow . A feast for the mind and soul .
Has just enough honesty and heart to redeem it .
Uneven adult romantic drama does n't stint on sex .
It says something when even a classic Morgan Freeman performance ca n't bring Feast of Love a smidge closer to realism . In other words , he ca n't be blamed for headlining an untenable movie .
Nice to look at , but about as weighty as the froth atop a tall skim latte .
Sad as he may be in Feast of Love , Harry makes earnest efforts to inspire laughter in his sad friends and acquaintances .
Swinging from mildly irritating to rather enjoyable , the film eventually settles at merely watchable .
What Feast of Love lacks in nutritive value it makes up for with heaping wads of artificial sweeteners .
The performances are excellent .
Half soap opera and half sitcom , but successful as neither .
... wrought with two-dimensional characters saddled with not very believable situations . I should care about these people and do not .
What a pleasant surprise !
The performances are great , but in the end it 's far too simplistic .
Feast of Love weaves its way through the frustrated loves of couples in Portland Oregon who do n't have much else to do besides reflect on what they have won and lost in romance .
Feast does nothing concrete to make us embrace this uneven romancer that has all the giddy spirit of a melted box of chocolates .
... the movie grows sweetly affecting .
Annoying flatness permeates Feast of Love , preventing characters from reaching convincing depths of expression .
Feast of Love is essentially a feel-good Hollywood romcom - but it 's one with twists , proper characters , and sadness underscoring the cosy love scenes .
`` Epidemic of Love '' would be more like it .
If it 's a choice between cleaning out the shed and seeing this - opt for the shed .
If Raymond Carver had ever filed a last story collection from the Sunny Valley Lobotomy Clinic , it would be just like this .
One big famine of fun .
It 's sentimental stuff , but amusing in places .
You end up rather hoping that when this crew of Cupid 's casualties ask for an Americano to go they mean just that .
There are times when the film works , but more often than not it has the feel of clunky contrivance .
It 's episodic and I 'd say I liked about 60 percent of it and about 40 percent of it I could leave , but it 's just enough for me to say it 's worth seeing .
Everyone in Feast of Love is messed up in some way , but none of those ways make them interesting .
sacrifices any originality or piquancy to the safety of the familiar rendered with an uncertain narrative that in the end is truly , madly , deeply unsatisfying
The love feasted upon in this film is not about commitment or selflessness . No , the love in this Feast is very fickle and selfish .
If my life was made into a film it would be this one . Long , boring , occasionally pretentious and completely uninvolving .
Feast of Love is just smart , sensitive and very good -- and at a time when `` success '' is measured by the size or scope of a project , that 's enough to distinguish it from what it is not .
If it only shows how love fits into people 's lives in our liberated present times , that 's enough for one night .
It 's nice to see these ideas played out by a fine -- and in several key roles , largely unfamiliar -- cast .
At one point he tells a love-struck friend , ` I think I 'd proceed with caution . ' I 'd proceed just as cautiously to the movie .
Multiple narratives are fluidly interwoven and the writing is often inspired , resulting in dialogue that feels honest and insightful , if occasionally mannered .
Director Robert Benton finds an emotional through line in a format that might have easily broken down into a series of disconnected anecdotes with little to nourish us .
The Feast movie , while not as transcendent as the book , is still pretty good .
It 's a worthy effort , even as it does fall short ; a good meal but hardly a feast .
There 's a people-are-good feeling permeating the film , which is difficult to resist .
The normally engaging Kinnear is so stymied by his synthetic and ill-conceived role it 's painful to behold .
Whatever else you may say about Feast of Love , it delivers on the promise of its title .
If Feast of Love was indeed a food , it would be a purposeless pan pizza decorated with every topping on the melodrama menu and extra schmaltz inserted into the talky , twice baked crust .
It seems destined to find an indulgent second home as an unusually classy slot-plugger over at Lifetime .
What 's promised to be a feast ends up as only a wan TV dinner .
You can see better stuff on TV any night of the week .
All the couples have palpable chemistry , and Kinnear and Freeman seem so convinced they 're in a respectable movie that they actually make it one .
This Feast , though never completely uninteresting , leaves you hungry for enchantment .
What 's supposed to be a meditation on love plays out as a mere exercise in titillation . And that 's not much of a feast . More like an hors d'oeuvre .
This one will sneak up on you .
Never feels much more than a softly-lit , meandering , slightly senile made-for-cable television movie .
Director Robert Benton and screenwriter Allison Burnett tell a sobering , adult-geared tale of love 's highs , lows and maddening twists and turns .
A bit too involved and convenient at times , but still classy and heartfelt all the way .
Feast of Love the movie is less specific than The Feast of Love the book , but it has its heart in the right place -- that longing place .
Benton has made better movies about doomed marriages -LRB- Kramer vs. Kramer -RRB- , but this one has no organic reality .
This heart-warmer by Robert Benton has some of the tender wisdom and humor of his other features .
Director Robert Benton and writer Allison Burnett do n't give us time to breathe . Characters meet , fall in love and set out on condensed journeys of self-discovery at top speed , as if their lives consisted entirely of momentous events .
Feast of Love is bathed in the dark wood and lengthening shadows of a serious movie , but it ultimately ca n't reconcile its humanism with its fatalism .
Feast of Love is -LSB- Benton 's -RSB- easiest movie to like since 1994 's Nobody 's Fool , and it 's immediately homey .
Director Robert Benton 's film is a rushed and ludicrous amorous mash up .
Although Feast is sometimes depressing , a natural side effect when touching on issues such as infidelity and death , it is also uplifting and tender .
Playing a canny old papa bear dispensing nuggets of advice to a flock of unruly cubs in Feast of Love Morgan Freeman has a role he could act in his sleep .
There 's an occasional scene that works -- a funny sequence where Bradley bargains for his dog with a kid -- but as the movie progresses , the melodrama is piled on with a bulldozer .
As a meditation on the vicissitudes of love , on the need for people to connect , and the struggles that come by both making and missing those connections , the movie is wading-pool deep .
The title tricks you into thinking maybe some zombies will come along and start devouring everyone 's brains . This never happens .
There 's something endearing in the way Benton assumes a little full-frontal is enough to erase the bile that develops watching this agonizing marathon of navel-gazing .
A rare bird in the world of mainstream movies . It 's thoughtful and literate enough to make it seem positively original .
This is the kind of thing you 'd expect on a women 's cable network movie-of-the-week .
-LSB- It -RSB- turns out to be a mess , and not one ... where you enjoy a film despite its problems , but rather one where the problems keep getting in the way of your enjoying it at all .
Fans of this year 's glorious Irish film , Once , will have a whole new perspective on the beautiful ` Falling Slowly ' with the girls of Riddick flaunting their fabulous breasts at every opportunity .
It 's the kind of feast that could give you food poisoning .
Kinnear delivers the goods
As familiar as some of it is the film is so confidently directed and so brimming in emotional truth I 'm more than willing to give it a shout of modest appreciation .
Pretentious and precious .
This cornucopia of foibles , with its penny portraits of treachery and innocence amounts to little more than high-class soap opera .
For a film that tries to be a smarter , more cerebral , romantic comedy-drama , Feast of Love sure does a lot of dumb things .
The script weaves three interlocking stories in unlikely ways and relies on random acts of violence , fate and God for dramatic complications that the characters are n't fleshed-out enough to whip up on their own .
The fine cast , which includes Jane Alexander , Selma Blair , and Radha Mitchell , is also somewhat underused .
Contemplates the bodies of beautiful young people in order that it may more fully appreciate the predicament old people find themselves in .
No director alive can make family melodramas as brilliantly as Douglas Sirk once did , but I 'd suggest that Robert Benton comes the closest .
This feast is more like an artfully arranged appetizer plate .
A film that resonates in spite of its shortcomings ... Feast of Love is a frothy , whimsical title -- too frothy and too whimsical for a film that might have been more accurately named Woe Is Love .
The movie confuses puppy love with the real thing , and that 's why Feast of Love is such a dog .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Benton has a gift for casting , even if it is `` on the nose '' -LRB- actors almost too perfect for the part -RRB- . Kinnear is at his most endearing , and Freeman , shorn of his flintiness , has never been sweeter .
Feast of Love is n't an altogether satisfying banquet , but you settle for whatever looks good on the plate .
A fairly conservative and mundane character drama that does n't offer any true proof of the joy and wonders of love promised by the title .
Does anyone else want to start a petition demanding that Morgan Freeman no longer play kindly old codgers who dispense valuable advice ?
The screenplay combines philosophy , melodrama , and clichés to engaging effect .
Sprawling , messy , yet occasionally affecting .
... a delicious , meaty dish
Feast of Love , Robert Benton 's bobos-in-love ensemble drama , adapted from the Charles Baxter college-town novel , is far too cloyingly pleased with its own humanity .
An exquisite tapestry of interlocking love stories , some of which end happily , some sadly , some farcically and one quite tragically . Throughout all the shifting moods , no single narrative disrupts the well-paced flow of the film as a coherent whole .
Feast of Love is a feel-good movie for the semi-literati ; as such it may grate on those too sophisticated for its smooth ways and easy answers .
For a film that purports to be an epic consideration of Love in Our Time , Feast is strikingly unthoughtful and uninterested in any but the most obvious kind of romantic love .
It 's like Friends without the funny . Oh , wait -- that 's redundant .
It feels more like the pilot for a cable series than an actual movie . -LRB- In fact , the nicest thing you can say about Feast Of Love is there 's a ton of nudity . -RRB-
While things occasionally get a little soapy around the edges , the encroaching melodrama is masterfully held at bay by -LSB- Morgan -RSB- Freeman , whose scenes with -LSB- Jane -RSB- Alexander are exceptionally moving .
Given the potentially unwieldy nature of the enterprise , -LSB- director -RSB- Benton juggles the multiple narratives with considerable grace , and succeeds in creating a warm -LRB- if somewhat improbable -RRB- sense of community among the principal characters .
Benton 's sensitive helming and amiable cast headed by Morgan Freeman ca n't save the melodrama from tedium , resulting in a mediocre film that does n't quite achieve its goal of examining love in all its various forms and complexities .
One of those rare cinematic treats that , for most of us , will go down easily and leave us with a sweet , mellow aftertaste .
`` The Feast of Love '' is a hodgepodge of sentimentality that 's neither funny nor tragic . It 's just bland .
Moviegoers beware : nausea is a prime side effect of consuming Feast of Love , an extraordinarily inane multi-character saga about the complexities of love from Robert Benton
A positively enchanting romantic drama adapted from a novel by Charles Baxter that speaks volumes about love and challenges us all to grow a bigger heart .
A beautifully photographed look at a dozen people in Portland , Oregon who find that love is far from an unmixed blessing .

@highlight

Though beautifully photographed , Feast of Love offers little beyond a trite , melodramatic character drama .