Craig Zobel 's soul-crushing docudrama slums in the real rags-to-rags tragedy of the lowest rung of the music industry .
Great World of Sound is a corrosive antidote to `` American Idol . ''
The film 's agenda becomes clear so early that the middle hour or so seems to be marking time until we get to the end .
Zobel ultimately comes down on the side of the suckers , whose need to make music -- even bad music -- gives them an unimpeachable dignity
A confident , sure-handed exercise focusing on the American Dream , turned nightmare .
It 's evident early on that this is a scam , though the extent of the movie 's con is surprising .
Displays all the trademarks of a true indie effort , especially in its refusal to sentimentalize either the characters or their situations .
Everybody 's got a song to sing , and we 'll all believe exactly what we want for just as long as we can .
Anyone who has enjoyed laughing at the bad singers auditioning on American Idol , consider the independent film Great World of Sound your penance .
The pros and cons of the film are in direct proportion to the personalities of the two main characters , whose relationship is the story 's anchor .
Director Craig Zobel and co-writer George Smith imbue our two misfits with plenty of character depth and an intriguing camaraderie .
The laughs flow .
A quiet , clever and sometimes moving film about an unusual grifting lifestyle .
Great World of Sound exposes the scams of so-called talent scouts who fleece gullible songwriters answering their misleading advertisements .
`` Great World of Sound '' is a sleeper independent film destined to become an underground classic .
Funny , often cringe-inducing and , at heart , a real moral drama , Great World has a lot to say about the state of culture , commerce and self-delusion in our celebrity-craving society .
... an involving , offbeat and truly unusual American independent film .
Zobel 's directorial debut is as bleak a look at working as Miller or Mamet 's efforts , but what 's most striking about this bittersweet drama is its absence of indignant rage .
A cinematic effort of striking confidence ... It 's a film that will upset , entertain , and bore , often in the same moment .
Kene Holliday , who many might remember as Andy Griffith 's African-American sidekick on the TV series Matlock back in the late Eighties , revitalizes his career here with a nonpareil outing which ought not be forgotten come Oscar time .
Much of the movie is spot-on .
One the most impressive and promising feature debuts since Richard Linklater 's Slacker .
Though it takes a while to get in sync with its flat style and sluggish pace , the movie creeps up on you in stirring , unexpected ways .
Great World of Sound makes its point quietly .
Nimble performers ... lift Great World of Sound above its central gimmick , turning it into a subtle , funny and depressing observation of unspoken race and class tensions .
While song sharking is a fact , this is another naive Hollywood vision of business ... with dialogue and characters too cartoonish to establish verisimilitude .
The film is a confidently assured dark comedy I could n't help but come away feeling good about , and even if the pieces are more interesting than the whole as nicely as it all turns out I ca n't really say I mind as much here as I probably normally do .
reminds one of those great indie charmers that were the basis of the 1990s indie movement
Great World of Sound is about the chicanery that feeds off pinched wallets , but it 's also a metaphorical satire of a music business so busy scavenging for sales it has forgotten its roots .
Has its minor charms , but it never gets at the deeper , more interesting side of the fascinating world in which it 's set .
Inspired by the reality-based Borat and various works about salesmen , Zobel 's sporadically charming and often provocative feature debut adds an honorable panel to a growing number of comedies and dramedies about our obsession with fame and celebrity .
No matter what 's real or rehearsed , Great Wall Of Sound could n't come any closer to the truth .
-LSB- Kene Holliday 's -RSB- performance here is one of the year 's best .
Endless rationalization can in the end be pretty convincing , especially to one 's self .
This is a small film that was clearly made on a shoestring budget , but in many ways that works in its favor . The screenplay does bog down a little into a somewhat repetitive manner in the middle section . Still , Zobel and his actors try to find variations
A movie about conscience that flatly refuses the catharsis and redemption a mainstream feature would demand , Great World of Sound is a dirty gem , shining despite the modesty of its production .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Zobel has an Altmanesque ear for the the way people talk , and he evokes Altman 's loose style and cynical sensibility . The film deftly suggests that the tension between being famous and being broke can be illogical and very cruel .
In terms of humor , the film proves frustratingly top-heavy .
Low-key but enormously charming pic .
Morally ambiguous , subtly crafted , resolutely free of cliché and made with almost no money , The Great World of Sound is under-the-radar independent filmmaking in the Jarmusch-Cassavetes mode , both noble and ruthless in spirit .



@highlight

The Great World Of Sound is a charming and unassuming film , thanks to breakthrough performances from Pat Healy and Kene Holiday .