Friends With Benefits told me one of the best lies ever . I smiled so hard , for so long , I had to ice my face when I got home .
These types of movies are going to keep coming out and there 's just nothing we can do do about it .
Aside from boasting an impressive catalog of Sony products , `` Friends With Benefits '' has little else on offer .
A sexy , funny and very familiar picture carried by an effervescent atmosphere and some phenomenal chemistry between these two stars .
An abominable beast of a film .
A smart romantic comedy that both mocks and features romantic clichés .
It does n't help , either , that both Timberlake and Kunis are charming yet utterly bland in their respective roles ...
Yeah , we all know the formula . But when it works and the chemistry is just right , we love seeing exactly what we expect and hope for .
Kunis and Timberlake are pitch perfect in Friends With Benefits , a predictable , yet extremely accessible tale of love , sex and complications .
This is just another forgettable by-the-numbers romantic-comedy that ends up going nowhere unexpected .
Timberlake and Kunis are fearless , funny , and just incredibly likable .
The inherent likability of the two leads alone elevates this above the average comedy . Their willingness-especially Timberlake 's - to appear foolish does n't hurt either .
If it displayed more courage , this could have been a fascinating modern American movie . Instead it 's a smart but still rather ordinary comedy that is entertaining but not ground-breaking .
If you 've ever wondered why romantic comedy is in such a sorry state , watch these two appealing actors go through every false note in the book in a movie so disingenuous that the neither premise , the climax , nor the resolution ever feels remotely real .
Anyone who has ever seen a romantic comedy before knows where this one is going .
full review at Movies for the Masses
Friends with Benefits may not want to admit it , but making a successful rom-com would seem to be harder than it looks .
Sadly , the gags and the spicy dialogue are n't funny enough to make this work and it 's only when Timberlake and Kunis start letting their characters ' respective guards down that the film becomes more involving .
It 's smart , sexy and moderately amusing .
Gluck has given us a story with a really smart and sassy burst of contemporary relationship strife that stealthily draws you into the Timberland-Kunis magnetism .
Good clean fun .
At the start , the film is clever enough to send up the whole rom-com formula with Dylan and Jamie neatly mocking the genre 's conventions as they watch a video of Sleepless In Seattle .
Friends With Benefits almost gets away with the double standards because Justin Timberlake and Mila Kunis are such an attractive pairing .
These smart actors are deconstructing their own glamour and seem far more scrumptious as a result .
You can tell this romantic comedy thinks it 's a cut above from the way it keeps sniggering at the feebleness of other romantic comedies -- a risky strategy , as it turns out .
Friends with Benefits finally succumbs to the same romcom clichés it mocks , but the sappy ending does n't entirely spoil what 's gone before ... it gets the balance right between raunchiness and sweetness .
A charmless re-tread of a well-worn storyline about two yuppie friends trying to embark on a sexual relationship free of commitment .
Really : no benefits to watching this .
Ultimately , it 's as conventional as the romantic-comedies it mocks . Still , fans of the stars should get satisfaction .
It 's perky enough , but as unlovable as Timberlake is unlovable . There 's something appallingly lifeless in his smile : as though it were pulled up by hooks .
Friends With Benefits has some genuine pleasures to offer .
Consider our faith in Hollywood romance restored . For now .
Dylan and Jamie have best friends , sounding boards so you can know what they 're thinking , because if they did n't say it out loud you would n't be able to tell they were thinking , at all .
The script crackles with more electricity than we 've come to expect from this genre of late .
Not quite the whip smart dissection of the genre that it wants to be , but there are plenty of decent laughs .
The chemistry between Kunis and her co-star Justin Timberlake is electric .
While showing a healthy disregard for romantic comedies , director Will Gluck 's follow-up to his equally raunchy sleeper smash Easy A is essentially When Harry Met Sally for the i-generation .
Hugely enjoyable and frequently funny , this gets everything right that the similarly themed No Strings Attached got wrong , thanks to a witty script , assured direction , believable characters and smoking hot chemistry between its two leads .
This coasts along just fine thanks to charm and comical interludes , but it fails to deliver the sassy story it promises . Fine for a romantic comedy , but an inferior follow up to director Gluck 's edgier Easy A .
In acts two and three it becomes more predictable in each of the ideals it berates in act one , and not in a clever or ironic way ; Katherine Heigl may as well have taken on the lead role .
It 's got witty moments and -LRB- for an American picture -RRB- some relaxed , funny , nearly realistic sex scenes but it 's too slickly self-aware and intently selling itself at times .
The film is touching and funny , and Timberlake proves again that he 's a better actor than most pop stars .
Friends with Benefits is raunchy , funny and ultimately quite sweet - fluffy enough to stay fun and smart enough to stand out from the herd .
It 's not in the Hepburn-Tracy league but it is way smarter than most entries in this field .
Perfect date movie material .
Friends With Benefits is exceptionally entertaining . Definitely one for date-movie devotees .
I had a lot of fun at Friends With Benefits . Much more than I anticipated .
This surprisingly whip-smart rom-com gleefully satirises genre conventions and is boosted by the electric on-screen chemistry between its two leads .
Timberlake and Kunis do a good job with an old routine , and Woody keeps the proceedings lively . As rom-coms go , you could do a lot worse than this .
For its first two-thirds , Friends With Benefits is a welcome tonic , a sharply funny and raunchy rebuke against the worn-out cliches of romantic comedies .
Friends With Benefits wo n't reinvent the romantic comedy , but it gives the genre new life , as did 2009 's -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer .
Snappy , clever , and refreshingly contemporary .
There 's some fun in this if you stick with it .
If you see only one casual-sex-com featuring a Black Swan alumni this year , make sure it 's this one .
Will Gluck does his best with a predictable formula . It does n't hit the heights but it does n't sink under the predictability either .
... it 's almost guaranteed that , like most in this genre , the film will feature the same `` boy kisses down girls body/girl kisses up boy 's body '' shot that 's been a staple of `` R '' rated films since `` Caddyshack . ''
With its central theme of sex without commitment , this attractive screwball comedy has more going for it than its premise implies . It 's playful and funny
The central couple 's strong chemistry and a stream of lively side characters keep us involved and entertained .
Through its magnetic stars , funny crudity , and observation of people 's foibles in relationships , Friends with Benefits consummates the deal that viewers enter with romantic comedies .
Raunchy rom-com carried by chemistry
While I agree with Kunis 's character that Katherine Heigl rom-coms are awful , I also think a film needs to be a lot better than Friends with Benefits if it wants to engage in the activity of bashing rival multiplex fillers .
Timberlake and Kunis generate some chemistry , but it 's mostly wasted in this R-rated bauble
After becoming buddies and deciding to have a fling with `` no strings attached '' -LRB- and this is a much better film than that similarly themed early-year romp -RRB- , the sex becomes frequent and never boring .
It 's one of those rare made-in-Hollywood couplings that transcends the ordinary stuff of movies , like plot and sense and credibility .
With dialogue that 's whip-smart and characters who are not far behind , Friends With Benefits is sophisticated grownup fun .
Fast-paced and fabulously fake , Friends With Benefits is the Red Bull of romantic comedies , unapologetically delivering a hyperactive , synthetic buzz .
Kunis and Timberlake achieve the trickier feat of looking just as happy hanging out as they do sucking face , and when the clichés inevitably come rolling in , they feel earned rather than like a cop-out .
A Central Station flashmob of a movie .
Bipolar in its mood swings between coarse , graphic sex comedy and sweet aw-shucks love story ...
All of these quirky details felt like independent pieces crammed together for the sake of edginess .
The promise of a fresh , realistic take on relationships nosedives into the same shallow end of the stale , stagnant impulse pool where they factory farm every other contemporary rom-com .
An okay romantic comedy , certainly better than crap like The Ugly Truth ...
Kunis and Timberlake really do have chemistry , as well as comic timing . When his tender glances meet her sly conspiratorial smile , it 's genuinely fun to watch .
A more accurate title for Friends with Benefits would be Pretty People Trying Way Too Hard For Our Amusement .
The whole thing - which overstays its welcome at two full hours - quickly turns into a mostly painless eye-roller .
This is that rarest of comedies -- as was Easy A -- where the filmmaking itself is as clever and funny as the script and the performances .
I 'd like to see Timberlake and Kunis together in a smarter romantic comedy someday . They deserve better than this creaky script .
Mila Kunis is so adorable and energetic she even manages to make Justin Timberlake likeable , and that is saying a lot .
Friends with Benefits is fast , allusive , urban , glamorous -- clearly the Zeitgeist winner of the summer .
A charming , funny , smart , vibrant , irresistible and very sexy cinematic experience .
Justin Timberlake 's best role . ` Friends ' does a good job of making fun of the romantic comedy , and only occasionally falling into the same clichés .
An unfunny , unromantic attempt at a sex comedy with some of the most boring bedroom scenes ever filmed .
The final third of the movie is a maudlin , irritating and , worst of all , slow-moving bore .
`` Friends With Benefits '' is often uproariously and profanely funny , and anchored in high-spirited performances from its central duo , who are well matched as comic foils if oddly lacking in erotic electricity .
Kunis and Timberlake are as great on screen as individuals and as a team and there are some funny and entertaining moments .
The best romantic comedy of the year .
Friends With Benefits is a dumb , by-the-numbers romantic comedy . Yet I kept finding small things to enjoy in it , mainly because of the two hard-to-hate leads .
Drab and lifeless ... pretends to upend the tired conventions of the genre while actually embracing each and every one of them .
It succeeds , thanks to comedic chemistry between the two leads and nimble direction by Will Gluck .
Lacks the courage of its anti-rom-com convictions , but still crackles with cleverness and wit .
Directed with quick-witted ease by Will Gluck , the -LSB- film is a -RSB- frank , frisky , even touching romantic comedy .
Sweet 'n' salty , it 's a happy hookup , despite the all-too-familiar plot .
Lots of sexual content in formulaic but sweet romcom .
A witty rom-com for the smart-phone generation .
This movie wants you to know that it is n't one of those stupid Hollywood romantic comedies . The characters talk about `` those '' movies disparagingly and even watch a parody of that kind of film on TV ...
Friends With Benefits rides , not on its effectiveness , but on its moments -- and on the strength of its supporting cast .
The jokes do n't all work and the topical references can be irritably hipper-than-thou , but at least director and cowriter Will Gluck aims high : this is patterned on the Tracy and Hepburn comedies , albeit with a lot more skin .
Timberlake and Kunis try hard to keep this charm machine purring , and they do indeed have traces of chemistry ... But their chemistry is at the service of a science project we 've all seen before .
As in Will Gluck 's directorial breakthrough , the more ambitious Easy A , he leans too hard on pop-culture touchstones to carry the comedy .
The problem with Friends with Benefits is that its attempts to be more daring and clever than the average rom-com feel earnest and pretentious .
It is elevated by energetic dialogue , the sexual chemistry between the leads and the fact that the miscommunication that keeps bliss at bay - there 's always one in a rom-com , and usually it is annoyingly unbelievable - is plausible .
Friends benefits from likable Justin Timberlake , Mila Kunis
It 's the restraint of the entire movie that winds up elevating it . While the subject matter is certainly adults-only , `` Friends With Benefits '' does n't go for easy laughs with any big gross-out moments or outrageously uncomfortable situations .
It 's gross and kind of embarrassing . For everyone .
`` Friends With Benefits '' is n't nearly as original as it pretends to be . But it 's cute and funny and sweet , which -- as any woman can attest -- puts it way ahead of most Friday night options .
There is a heat wave and it is coming from Mila Kunis and Justin Timberlake 's sexy chemistry !
Somewhere on its way to Cliché-ville , this pleasant-surprise romantic comedy ... finds a great deal of fun in what could have been a musty , forgettable film .
The film has a great emotional core amongst the raunchy sequences . The problem is that the film becomes the cheesy romantic comedy that it makes fun of for the first hour .
A glossy , empty after-dinner mint of a movie , endlessly predictable and surprisingly short on real laughs .
You should always be ashamed of yourself if you are copying Ashton Kutcher .
A savvy , satirical date movie that holds the conventions of romantic comedy up to self-aware spoofing while still delivering the goods .
It would be intriguing if Hollywood made a romantic comedy about people who are just bed buddies . This is not that , but it is funny .
If `` Friends With Benefits '' ultimately succumbs to the very sins it so cleverly deconstructs , it still commits those infractions with a welcome degree of wit and , when it slows down enough , spirited flair .
Will Gluck 's bright screwball farce has witty dialogue that sparkles , at least by debased 21st-century standards .
It is n't the movie of the year , but it is the surprise of the summer .
An entertaining and surprisingly involving relationship picture that rather skillfully moves between comedy and drama thanks to some sharp writing and well-drawn characters -LRB- Full Content Parental Review also available -RRB-
A full-blooded sex comedy .
Mediocre more than an utter failure , `` Friends with Benefits '' ought to be forgotten in the shadow of the smarter , funnier , sweeter , and altogether superior `` No Strings Attached . ''
It may be as predictable as a sunrise , but Friends with Benefits manages to rise above the familiarity of the material .
Unlike `` No Strings Attached , '' it has bigger laughs , better chemistry between the two leads and it stays afloat longer before succumbing to the seas of conventionality .
Timberlake and Kunis definitely bring sexy back to a tired formula . If only the movie had been worthy of their expertly playful pairing .
At times , it seems one `` rule '' away from Kevin Williams ' Scream territory , but since Kunis and Timberlake are such fun to hang with , we hardly care .
Though it aims to upend the increasingly defunct romantic-comedy genre , Friends With Benefits quickly falls prey to the same clichés .
Kunis and Timberlake are winningly comfortable with one another , even if the movie is n't always comfortable with itself .
`` Friends With Benefits '' excels at identifying then deconstructing the clichés of the romantic comedy -- as `` Scream '' dissected horror platitudes .
This film 's harshness and starkness will strike some people as vulgar , but if you reject it on that basis you might as well just reject the times you 're living in .
It 's just sad that a movie suggesting an honest and zesty approach to sex and relationships builds to such a conventional ending ...
Justin Timberlake proves that his performance in `` The Social Network '' was not a fluke and Mila Kunitz is both beautiful and funny .
Even with all their huffing and puffing , this very salty , often funny affair is never quite as satisfying as it should be .
It 's hard to believe Timberlake and Kunis have never worked together before , but they are very comfortable in each others ' skin .
It 's really refreshing to see the funny side of sex so cheerily presented ; I 'd recommend you keep an ear out for the digging-to-China joke .
Makes for a fairly giggling good time .
Kunis 's easy authority grounds the movie , while Timberlake tapdances delightfully around the edges .
He 's `` emotionally unavailable . '' She 's `` emotionally damaged . '' The movie : emotionally fake .
The idea of romantic comedies is that you want to see the two leads get past all their false starts and misunderstandings and get together . But what happens if you just do n't care ?
In an age of connect-the-dots screenwriting , the sheer verbosity of Friends With Benefits is a form of generosity , and Gluck has the ideal cast to spew it out .
Despite a pair of livewires in the leads , Friends With Benefits is just not enough .
Justin Timberlake and Mila Kunis make an attractive couple , but that 's the best that can be said for this rom-com that 's just as superficial as the clichés it ridicules .
Even if the movie is less real than it aspires to be , the connection between the two leads feels totally genuine .
Sharply uneven , this smart , timely rom-com benefits from the strong chemistry , in and out of bed , between Kunis and Timberlake before it succumbs to the level of formulatic and predictable TV sit com .
puts a witty , self-reflexive exclamation point on this summer 's triumvirate of surprisingly successful comedies
Timberlake and Kunis manage to bring sexy and funny back to the otherwise exhausted rom-com genre .
One of the strengths of Friends with Benefits is that Timberlake and Kunis are likeable and display enough chemistry to keep us interested in their inevitable pairing .
What 's most crushing is witnessing what should have been the dream pairing of Kunis and Timberlake -- both foxy , loose , confident performers -- here generating zero chemistry .
A romantic comedy that fails in its exploration of friendship and sex .
The fun is in enjoying the two leads , both strikingly good , and the extra -LRB- if sometimes misplaced -RRB- textures provided by a strong supporting cast including Richard Jenkins , Patricia Clarkson and Jenna Elfman .
Kunis and Timberlake have the rapid-fire patter of Hepburn and Tracy , if Hepburn and Tracy had conversations about Olympic snowboarder Shaun White 's pubic hair .
`` Friends With Benefits '' is certainly predictable , but confronts the limitations of rom-com formula head on .
There are many connections we can make to No Strings Attached , but easily the most favorable is that like the former , it also turns out to be a really sharp and funny surprise that treats its vulgarity in adult terms rather than childish shock value .
I enjoy both Timberlake and Kunis ; just this side of manic , they seem right together .
As a predictable romantic fantasy , `` Friends with Benefits '' profits from two lively and likable stars who maintain our interest . But as the sexual satire in which we invested , there 's no payoff .
Gluck is clearly whip smart and he likes his films that way . This all to the good , but much of `` Friends with Benefits '' comes off as too showy in its cleverness .
`` Friends With Benefits '' follows rom-com formulas as if directed on autopilot , but that 's not to say it is n't fun .
It evaporates from memory , just like a one-night stand that did n't go nearly as well as you 'd hoped .
In the world of the contemporary Hollywood romantic comedy , it is in fact not possible for two straight BFFs of the opposite sex to sleep together and not fall in love .
This hip romantic comedy wants you to know that it 's not just an average romcom . It is aware that it 's a romantic comedy and acknowledges and mocks the convention of that genre - even as it falls back on them time and again .
Hilariously , romantically gives cheesiness a brain ... So irresistible you 'll want to make out with it .
Justin Timberlake definitively proves he 's a talented actor in Friends with Benefits , given the fact that his character is only an extreme mega-douchebag , rather than the tremendous , mind-blowing super-douche he usually plays .
Whenever the film gets away from Timberlake and Kunis ' flirty banter , it feels like an unfortunate distraction .
The sex is amusingly awkward , the repressed longings more so . It 's the kind of chemistry that comes along once in a generation ; Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan had it most recently . Perfect for now , with iPads , flash mobs and a ironic eye for rom-com cliches .
A screenplay of cheats and unpleasantries , with director Gluck looking to nudity from Timberlake to keep the target demographic content , using gratuitous rear end shots to deflect attention away from a rotten motion picture .
Ironically , what `` Friends With Benefits '' shares most with `` No Strings Attached '' is that you can see everything coming , with no surprises . Where 's the fun in that ?
Coasts on the natural charm and smooth chemistry of Timberlake and Kunis .
Though Friends with Benefits eventually loses that battle against clichés , that fight is the most interesting thing about the movie by far .
Friends With Benefits talks like an adult but acts like a teen . The clash between perky style and verbally risque content detracts from the appeal of a strong cast led by Justin Timberlake and Mila Kunis .
Mila Kunis is one of the most endearing comedic talents to grace the silver screen in years .
The script exhausts its originality awfully quickly , with subsequent hookups recycling jokes from other movies .
Justin Timberlake and Mila Kunis make for engaging leads in this unexpectedly fresh R-rated comedy .


@highlight

Friends with Benefits adds nothing new to its well-worn rom-com formula , but the chemistry between Justin Timberlake and Mila Kunis is almost enough to carry the movie by itself .