`` Kunsthistorisches . It 's the big old one . '' ... neatly sums up the film 's warm , casual attitude toward weighty cultural institutions while serving as a way of reframing formerly perceived paragons of elitism in a more democratic manner .
Emotion is often considered the enemy by experimental filmmakers , but Cohen 's films depend on it .
When Cohen 's film is over and the lights go out , the world is not the same anymore .
Sommer is perfect . So is O'Hara . This is the `` Before Sunrise '' for a very different -LRB- and platonic -RRB- pair of individuals .
A Chris Marker kind of exceptional experimental film that sets its sights on observing art , the landscape , people , Vienna and our sense of being .
Amid all the looking and dissection , Cohen demonstrates an understanding of the individual need for increasingly elusive privacy that feels urgent , wistful , and quaint .
Cohen 's simple , masterful film considers how we anoint value .
... encourages you to see the aesthetic potential of everything around you , including each frame that appears on the screen .
This goes on for more than two hours and will bore some viewers to death . Others , though , will find this quiet , complex film a fascinating piece of art in itself .
The quiet time that Johann and Anne spend during museum hours -- and after his shifts on trips around the city -- offer solace in their mutual solitude . Museum Hours is an introverted companion for its viewers .
The two leads contribute fresh , genuine performances , and what might have been a musty academic exercise gains in tension from Cohen 's deft juxtaposing of vocal narration , character detail , and majestic artwork .
Great art has the power to comment on life 's issues - sex , death , parenthood , religion , etc. - and Cohen uses the power of the still image to construct a film of moving ones with power of its own .
It 's as if Cohen had lived for centuries among these places , and sometimes with art that encapsulates these centuries , and is pleasantly imprisoned within its strength .
As we learn how to look at the Kunsthistorisches ' masterpieces , we 're also learning how to watch this movie . ... And better : we 're learning how to look at our lives .
Museum Hours is one of those artsy-fartsy meditations on life that you see sometimes in the better cinemas . The good news is it turns out to be more artsy than fartsy : There 's plenty to think about here .
Calm entertainment .
Most successful at its most hushed and explicitly ` artful , ' in the museum ; less interesting when it becomes more casual , as when Johann and Mary hang out and discuss general topics at coffeehouses . -LRB- Mary is nice , but , frankly , a bit of a bore . -RRB-
A contemplative experimental drama , it also invites moviegoers to take a deep breath , to relax , and to float along in its leisurely exploration of leisurely exploration .
It has its tedium , but it 's not bad . At times , it 's actually quite good .
Critics have been more than kind to Museum Hours , respectful of its sleepy intellectualism in a 2013 summer of brainless action flicks .
The result is an experience not unlike going to a museum itself : a chance to peruse wondrous things in a sacred space . For an evening , a movie theater becomes a place where art and life become beautifully entangled .
The reward is an intelligent , observant effort that extracts a purity of existence from the nuances of art and enjoys the beauty of human connection .
Quite literally an art film , this quietly riveting drama essentially just observes its settings and characters , eavesdropping on what they have to say about themselves and the world around them .
What should have been a beautiful , contemplative piece of art , ends up being a self-indulgent bore . You 'd be much better off going to your local art museum than sitting through this reject of an art film .
It 's an odd duck , but it rewards moviegoers willing to fall under its spell .
Cohen 's spare but spectacularly visualized film follows a pair of middle-aged strangers who meet in a Viennese art museum and proceed to walk and talk .
Whether you find the result tedious or enlightening will be a factor of your openness to the director 's languidly atmospheric approach .
A little bit like a travelogue , a little bit like people-watching , this is simultaneously a relaxing and invigorating cinematic experience . Simply magnificent .
A beguiling and often moving treatise on the relationship between art and life .
Museum Hours is melancholy yet full of humour ; educational and entertaining .
It sits uncomfortably as a weird in-between facsimile , as though we 're being asked to study postcard reproductions of great artworks .
This is one of those rare films that may change the way you view the world .
Museum Hours is a grand , profound and exceptionally beautiful love letter to museums and the wealth of culture that can be found in everyday life .
A look around Vienna 's legendary gallery provides some unexpectedly enlightening moments .
Museum Hours is that rare thing : a movie about high art that 's not only nice if you can afford it .
There 's something trance-like about the flow of images here , as close-ups of details within illustrious paintings are juxtaposed with shots of faces and buildings in the streets of contemporary Vienna , alongside numerous fades to black .
Cohen 's vivid eye for forlorn urban spaces makes this as geographically evocative as his other work , but it 's a film of clearly etched themes , too , about the solace of growing old as well as the slight sadness of unlived lives .
Its encouragement to let ourselves be captivated by everyday humanity as well as the old masters is both richly illuminating and quirkily endearing .
Unwinding at its own gentle pace , Museum Hours delicately explores a platonic friendship between two emotionally reserved people .
An enthralling and sometimes droll meditation on life , art and mortality , not to mention Internet porn and its influence on modern art .
`` Museum Hours '' is every bit as masterfully conceived and executed as the art works that serve as the film 's lively cast of supporting characters .
Difficult to describe but not to enjoy .
`` Museum Hours '' is less about individuals than it is about collective experiences -- how we all take part in life 's broad canvas .
A lot of it works , some of it does n't .
Relationships between humans and art are perceptively explored in this unassuming yet quietly charming character study .
One of the world 's great art museums , the Kunsthistoriches is the true star of the movie `` Museum Hours . ''
A wonderfully slow movie that presents a parade of wonders about the beauties and delights of art , city life , and friendship .
Cinematographer Peter Roehsler has an amazing eye for shot composition and his photography of the copious art on display in the museum borders on brilliant .
It peers into the twin galleries of art and life , and in particular follows the brief intersection of lives between a security guard -LRB- Bobby Sommer -RRB- and Anne , one of the museum 's regular visitors -LRB- Mary Margaret O'Hara -RRB- .
The result is poetic and maybe even wise . Bruegel , I think , would be proud .
... a unique film that celebrates art , the city of Vienna and the profound friendship born of a kindness from a local to a visitor without many resources whose very trip is itself an act of great compassion .
It 's a hybrid drama/art-history essay about how looking at art recasts our experience of looking at the world .
It 's lovely but lulling , and for a movie in which little happens , oddly predictable .
The languid pace , long silences and lack of purpose and dramatic tension will leave some looking at their watches .
It finds the time to look at looking , and to offer a slow revelation : to the lonely and the stranded , it is art that feels like home .
The genius of Museum Hours lies in the way Jem Cohen ties the minimalist story at the movie 's center with the extraordinary art that fills his frame .
The film shows how quiet exteriors can mask deep interior lives , and how art feeds those lives .
This movie is rigorously and intensely lifelike , which is to say that it 's also a strange and moving work of art .
Ultimately , the movie 's easygoing narrative turns to loss , but without melodrama . An awareness of life and art offers perspective , and perhaps a measure of consolation .
Museum Hours is less interested in plot than in using its characters as a way to give ideas shape and voice ; however , because their performances are natural and improvisatory , the movie never seems didactic .
The real strength of Cohen 's occasionally didactic drama ... is in the way the film redirects your focus to the periphery and reminds you of the richness that resides there .
Museum Hours , despite that almost documentary-like distance , in fact expresses a thoroughly subjective experience ...
A powerfully contemplative look at the transformative ability of all art .
Jem Cohen 's film finds its most salient tension in the fraught relationship between known and unknown objects .
How to pick up women in a museum .

@highlight

Its languid pace may frustrate some viewers , but for patient filmgoers , Museum Hours offers a carefully observed portrait of the human condition .