A poor schmuck 's History of Violence
Talent is involved everywhere in Derailed , and it all gets trashed in the final reel for the sake of teasing and then appeasing a bored November audience .
One of those forgettable efforts that 's neither bad enough to completely dismiss nor good enough to wholly recommend .
The only thing harder to believe than someone falling for so obvious a ruse is for that same someone to have any chance of getting even for it .
What finally derails the movie is that it thinks it 's a lot smarter than it is .
Derailed 's primary strength -- a topsy turvy plot that will keep viewers guessing -- is also its main weakness . While the story developments are exciting and often surprising , most are based on -LSB- Clive Owen 's character -RSB- making the stupidest possible
Típico asunto de receta -LRB- con mensaje moral solapado -RRB- que pretende sorprender con supuestas `` vueltas de tuerca '' pero apenas logra entretener .
Em retrospecto , os vários furos do roteiro se tornam óbvios , e o fato é que Aniston não convence como femme fatale . Mas Owen e Cassel nos mantém atentos e relativamente crédulos durante a projeção .
Vincent Cassel has a huge amount of fun as LaRoche , overacting the Evil Frenchman bit to the point where he 's practically twirling a moustache .
Derailed never fully engages our sympathies . I think that 's because it 's difficult to swallow Owen as anything other than eminently resourceful .
But , beginning to end , this is Clive Owen 's show and the man who should have been James Bond dominates the screen like a Bengal Tiger slowly sharpening his claws .
Yet another in the seemingly endless line of stupid , generic thrillers that Hollywood foists upon the movie-going public .
It 's difficult to imagine why any of the talented people involved in this instantly forgettable affair would have been tempted to bother .
Hitchcock did this sort of thing much , much better of course . But `` Derailed '' 's strangers on a train are still worth your nine bucks or so .
All of Owen 's problems would go away if he just went to the police .
Someone had to work extra hard to make a movie this bad with two likeable leads like Mr. Owen and Ms. Aniston . I ca n't figure out why .
Gripping while it lasts , but will be hard to remember in the morning .
` Derailed ' is an uncomfortably appropriate title for an intriguing look at consequences of adultery , hijacked by a crime thriller that 's not as clever as it thinks it is .
-LRB- Jennifer -RRB- Aniston , busy since Friends waved goodbye and her marriage to Brad Pitt hit the skids , is plenty convincing as the mysterious Lucinda .
Sidetracked by a slew of unbelievable coincidences ... When the going gets tough , Aniston looks as out of place as a Prada bag on the south side of Chicago .
Despite its good points , the movie has at least one ending too many .
A tiresome waste -- enlivened by a shoot-out that 's one of the funniest things I 've seen this year -- that outstays its already tentative welcome .
There are certainly worse films in the genre than Derailed , but it also stands as a shining reason as to why the dollar theater exists .
A ridiculous little thriller , the sort of movie that is worth seeing but not worth discussing afterward .
The director 's unfocused hand and the actors ' aloof performances derailed my expectations .
About halfway through it gets sidetracked into comic book land .
... there 's not much in this film that is n't expected .
What a perfect name for a train wreck of a movie .
A serviceable thriller with a limp twist . Aniston and her `` Friends '' should have renewed their TV contracts .
It has a great look , a couple of genuinely terrifying turns and a surprise or two that I did n't see coming . This is a flawed but stylish and entertaining thriller .
Arriving only weeks after ` A History of Violence , ' the film 's agenda seems especially spurious .
For the over-initiated it smacks of been-there , done-that .
If the U.S. military could only enlist Aniston 's hairstyle the world would surely sign treaties to avoid its proliferation and lock it in a silo in the Nevada desert .
Derailed could send Miss Aniston 's film career off the rails
While RZA and Xzibit deliver their own delights as performers , their characters ' aggression and victimization are of a piece , and left to the white guy to sort out .
The comic-book fantasy world of some fourteen-year-old boy , the normative demographic target the film is scripted to appeal to .
If you liked the book you 'll be pleased that Stuart Beattie 's high velocity screenplay follows it quite closely .
If you 're in the mood for a movie that wo n't challenge you as a viewer , but will just help you pass the time , you 're in luck .
A preposterously plodding and tepid psychological thriller that 's way off-track and will soon be on its way to video oblivion .
Anyone with even a passing knowledge of the genre who is paying attention will be able to guess almost from the start where things are headed .
A satisfyingly cheesy thriller .
A swell twist and fine performances in an otherwise average thriller .
-LSB- M -RSB- aybe it 's tawdry and maybe it 's ludicrous and maybe it 's -LSB- not -RSB- deep or artistic or mind-blowing ... but so what ?
-LSB- Derailed has -RSB- a ludicrous script whose twists and turns are laughably obvious or just plain laughable .
As long as Clive Owen is on his own , solving problems and planning revenge , Derailed is a reasonably gripping thriller .
The twist in Derailed is so obvious it 's not even a twist . More like a tw .
They Never Saw It Coming , teases the poster for Derailed , and you have to wonder if blindness is now a prerequisite for Hollywood characters .
-LSB- Derailed -RSB- pivots on the kind of big twist that thriller fans will see coming when there 's still plenty of time to get off the tracks .
Mikael Hafstrom 's film is rancid pulp that dares to invoke family values and use a sick child for sympathy .
Derailed is ugly and predictable when it should be sexy and sophisticated .
By its finale ... the movie has teetered over from film noir update to slasher flick .
Derailed offers its share of sexy seduction and shocking violence .
Glossy , mundane and trashy .
Known most for his 2003 Oscar-nominated Foreign Language Film Evil , Hafstrom does no more than a perfunctory job of guiding his attractive stars through the overly methodical paces of Derailed , which builds to an implausible climax .
The movie is plodding and humorless , and full of nasty stereotypes .
Do n't expect to find escapist relief in the big narrative twist , which is easy to spot coming as the commuter train on which our paramours meet .
As male guilt and vengeance fantasies go , Derailed has its moments of righteous comeuppance .
Derailed wants to be the mother of all moral-quandary thrillers , yet the film , while blessed with Cassel 's sarcastic charisma and a few sharp moments , suffers from many crucial shortcomings .
Aniston demonstrates that her strength lies in the light entertainment that is the weekly sit-com , not in a role that demands emotion beyond a coquettish flirtation or a sulky pout .
Derailed is a choo-choo bound for oblivion - - and making no stops for plausibility along the way .
Like a runaway train , the movie hurtles over the tracks so fast , you can barely keep up with the incongruities .
You 'd have to have been frozen in an Arctic ice block with no access to cable TV not to know exactly what 's coming .
Derailed is an Adrian Lyne morality thriller without the sex or the sheen .
Derailed is one of those thrillers that makes you wish the main characters watched more thrillers , because then they would n't act like chumps .
Does n't completely jump the tracks , but it spends most of its time searching for a groove and never finding it .
Derailed is just entertaining enough if you approach it with appropriately low expectations .
Its deathly slow pace and a twist that 's all too obvious , Derailed starts on the wrong track and goes nowhere fast .
No one is terrible in this film . The acting is passable ; the camera 's in focus ; the lines make sense . But it 's all been done before , far too often .
What we ca n't quite get our head around is the fact that as urbane and smart as Charles would seem to be , he does n't appear to have ever seen even one film noir movie .
In the end , the movie has the musty odor of a cheap hotel room , the kind where you 're not entirely convinced that the management bothers to change the sheets after every guest .
Shot without visual style , sharp dialogue or discernible logic , the movie seems to be riding entirely on the star power of Aniston , Clive Owen and the boastful Weinsteins .
Derailed should have received a one-way ticket to the direct-to-video bin , stacked next to Cruel Intentions 3 .
Derailed '' - - a pure popcorn thriller - - may find it hard to make a dent at the box office . But it is worth seeing .
Derailed does n't hold up . At the end , we want more , or less , or different .
Derailed lives down to its title almost immediately .
Derailed ends up so frantic that every dramatic curve ball it fires at the audience turns into a cliché heading straight down the heart of the plate .
Derailed is a tawdry , predictable hunk of movie headcheese .
This is a railroad to nowhere .
Derailed does n't crash and burn , but it should be more intriguing - it falls all over itself trying to be really clever .
-LSB- Owen 's character -RSB- is only slightly smarter than a tree stump , and watching him enter a battle of wits unarmed is n't much fun for the audience .
Making out with exotic natives on a private isle or sticking pins into an Angelina Jolie voodoo doll would both be a better use of Aniston 's time .
Dozens of inept thrillers are churned out every year , only a few are ever this simpering .
Derailed is that kind of semi-hypocritical drama that studios loved to make with Michael Douglas a decade or two ago ... Only not as good .
The two leads are playing roles they are n't suited for , and what 's worse is that the only chemistry between them is what happens when an acid and a base meet .
An over-written , too-cute-for-its-own-good noirish thriller that throws snappy dialogue and sharp twists at us , but does nothing to win our hearts .
The troubles of Derailed only sink in during the final act , when the tale begins to twist in ways that are unnecessary and deal a critical blow to the swift pace .
For those who have seen their fair share of films , this stuff is old hat .
Derailed is one of the biggest surprises of the year
The Weinstein 's new company gets off to a good , if unspectacular , start with this solidly efficient thriller .
This silly , sleazy stiff is a train-wreck of a movie .
I do n't like to have my surprise endings spelled out for me a quarter of the way into a film and Derailed does just that .
obvious ... linear
Every swing of its plot is preposterous , it stumbles to a trick climax that any regular moviegoer will figure out in the first 10 minutes , and the ending is so absurdly unmotivated that it plays like a slap in the face .
Drawn-out , clunky and uneasily acted , as well as exasperating .
If Deceived was Hitchcock Lite , Derailed is Extra Lite -- there 's no caloric content whatsoever .
Anyone in the mood to play Pin the Tail on the Genre stands a good chance of beating Derailed at its own game before the first reel unspools .
Fans of Owen will want to see Derailed but most others will feel that where plausibility is concerned , it falls off the tracks .
Derailed is a penny dreadful with A-list stars .
Jennifer Aniston and Clive Owen star in this glossy and often risible bit of trash about an adulterous affair gone bad , bad , bad .
It 's fast , slick , stupid , violent fun and , despite the cynically high body count , without serious intention in this world .
As a thriller , Derailed proceeds with the same unearned swagger as a bad magic act , revealing its astonishments to the evident surprise of the filmmakers alone .
Derailed is a silly , lurid , pulpy thriller that 's not nearly lurid and pulpy enough to be much fun , but more than silly enough to be ludicrous .
Not since Fatal Attraction have the potential pitfalls of marital infidelity been so frighteningly portrayed in a movie .
Shorn of -LSB- its -RSB- last 10 minutes , Derailed could have been , well , maybe not a classic , but an old school B-picture worthy of its down and dirty influences .
Famously dense though I am when it comes to plot twists , I had this one at hello .
In the vast world of ludicrous plots , and the vaster world of ludicrous plots for thrillers starring handsome celebrities , Derailed rings almost logical .
A cagey , tough-as-nails thriller that makes up in swagger and star wattage what it may lack in surprise .
Derailed is entertaining , but you 'll be several steps ahead of it .
Derailed is all too apt a title .
It 's de-rail thing , baby .
Steals so liberally from other movies that you feel like you 've seen it before .
I can honestly and accurately state that a dental cleaning is more enjoyable than watching this inaugural release from the Weinstein Company
A faux-noir with Fatal Attraction shadings that remains doggedly faithful to Hollywood 's preference for narrative orderliness and optimism .
The odds are even that reaction to the twist , when it comes , will be huh ! Or duh . Or whaaaa ?
Despite a few plot holes , this is a well-acted , well-directed , well-written thriller that kept me interested throughout .
In terms of taut plot , Derailed does n't exactly hold together either , but it 's good at pretending it does .
We can accept Cassel as villain and Clive Owen as flawed hero , but not Jennifer Aniston , TV 's girl-next-door , as alluring femme fatale
This flaccid psychological thriller keeps spoiling its own surprise by constantly signaling the big plot twist .
This murky psychological suspenser manages the tricky feat of being as predictable as it is finally preposterous .
Hafstrom is hamstrung by a Stuart Beattie script that telegraphs all its surprises and by two mismatched , miscast stars .







@highlight

With miscast stars , a ludicrous plot and an obvious twist , Derailed embodies its name all too aptly .