Those with a passion for cars - in particular anyone fond of American classics - will enjoy this endless car chase , but the rest of us will wonder where the witty romance went .
It 's a B movie with B movie stars and aspirations that never rise beyond `` Let 's have fun on camera and hope it translates onscreen . '' More often than you 'd expect , it does .
Hit & Run is n't always a smooth ride , but the quirks and misfires make it as distinctive as the actor behind many of the film 's creative choices .
Hit & Run may stall early and often , but the Bell/Shepard screen chemistry serves as a nitrous boost .
I 'll be darned if I did n't like the characters . They 're fun , often unpredictable and reasonably humorous .
Hit and Run has a bouncy , goofy charm .
It 's ` Smokey and the Bandit ' as conceived by a Quentin Tarantino wannabe .
Shepard wrote the script and co-directed with David Palmer -LRB- Brother 's Justice -RRB- , constructing an ideal vehicle for the real-life couple 's spirited banter .
It 's highly entertaining with cameos by several of the director 's pals and pit stops for delivering sub-Tarantino dialogue .
There is a lot of boring Clarksonian chatter about motorcars , but , inhibited by a modest budget , the stunts prove to be depressingly unspectacular .
Audiences out for a bit of mindless fun will probably enjoy this raucous road movie , but only if they can look past comedy that relies on jokes about racism , sexism and homophobia .
The film 's characterisation is hopelessly underdeveloped and an undercurrent of homophobia does little to make the experience any less tedious .
For a comedy the laughs are hard to find .
It 's amiable , but the more miles it clocks up , the more this film looks like a vanity vehicle for its co-director , writer and star , Dax Shepard .
This whipsmart postmodern rom-com caper rides a fine line between road - and date - movie .
Shepard 's script suggests his chief pleasures in life are driving sports cars and joshing about homosexuals , and those of a similar mindset may manage to wring out more amusement from his film than I did .
Hit and Run is certainly hit and miss , but it had just about won me over by the time it ended .
Enjoyable , fast-paced comedy-thriller with well written characters , decent chase sequences , a frequently funny script and superb performances from Shepard , Bell and Bradley Cooper .
Dumb , noisy and not half as cool as it thinks it is , it 's like being caught in a shouting match between half-cut rednecks at a Nascar meet .
A good-natured , if inconsequential , thrill ride . Shepard more than proves he 's up to the task when it come to multitasking . It will be interesting to see what he does next time around .
More hit and miss .
There 's the suggestion of a good comedy filmmaker here , but in trying out too many genres in one film Shepard winds up with something that never settles or fully engages .
Shoot-outs , lovers on the lam , a villain with dreadlocks : yes , this hit-and miss comedy sure does want to be True Romance .
If you 're a fan of the leads , the movie will deliver the charm but for hardcore fans of action comedy , this will more likely be a ` hit it and forget it ' experience .
Hit & Run is perfect late-night TV fodder .
If Hit & Run is guilty of being generic , it 's arguably the best kind of generic : inoffensive , well made and probably a lot more fun than Joe Critic is likely to admit .
... a wacky trailer-trash farce ...
Lurching from picket-fence sweetness to road-trip screwball comedy , it 's a hit-and-miss affair that 's largely forgettable , save for its pairing of Shepherd and Bell .
Hit & Run has a clear , entertaining vision and is made with a strong , unique voice , something missing from too many films these days .
The wafer-thin story ... is little more than an excuse for a series of nifty chase sequences and comic interludes , all mounted with the kind of fizzy enthusiasm essential for an inconsequential , enjoyable road movie lark to work .
With some likeable characters and a script that mixes laughs and charm , ` Hit and Run ' is well worth a watch .
While Hit & Run is n't going to be on any best of the year lists , it is a very good example of making a solid film in a tight time-frame .
Dax Shephard has a really attractive presence on screen and he 's terrific in this .
In Hit & Run the talk is better than the torque .
Hit and Run sets out to be crass and compassionate by turns , but Shepard 's inexperience as a writer is obvious throughout : the structure is as wobbly as the tone .
It 's funny without trying too hard to be funny . There are some intelligent , level-headed exchanges in the car between Dax Shepard and Kristen Bell that are Seinfeld-esque .
Normally it 'd be an insult to say the most interesting thing about a movie is one of the actor 's do 's , but seriously , you 've got to see this thing sitting on Cooper 's head .
Constantly catching us by surprise and endlessly tickling our sense of humour , Hit and Run is one of this year 's hits - so run and see it
This wacky , vibrant film has HIT written all over it and the talented Shepard manages to makes it fresh ; a little like the first Hangover film , leaving us with nothing but a broad smile and a lust for life
Bell 's usual comic flintiness goes soft as she moons over Shepard , while he makes liberal use of his puppy-dog eyes and `` What , me worry ? '' demeanor .
Hit and Run goes Nowhere Slow .
The worst .
If one car chase is good then four must be fantastic . Uh , no . This is too much of an okay thing .
A very good , tightly-structured , breezily fun crime film in the Tarantino mode .
A frisky , end-of-summer way to kill a couple of hours .
Hit & Run as a whole is one of the summer 's most enjoyable surprises , a consistently disarming romantic comedy ...
Not genuinely funny enough to be anything more than a silly slapstick comedy without much stick to slap .
Despite some entertaining moments and a nice love story , the ever-present foul language is a big drawback .
Mark Twain once lamented , ` The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow ; there is no humor in heaven . ' Nor is there any humor to speak of in the new comedy ` Hit & Run . '
Silly , sputtering , screeching some lowbrow , low-budget laughs before it runs out of gas .
The characters and actors are all mostly fun to watch , though they 're all also insubstantial stock types .
While it gets decent mileage from a marginal premise , by the end the film is all skid marks and squealing wheels .
At least it is aptly named . By the time you realize you 've been involved in a horrible mess , the perpetrators will have already sped off into the night .
-LRB- A -RRB- comedy without laughs , a thriller without same .
`` Hit & Run '' takes full advantage of a no expectation scenario and delivers pedal to the metal , high speed action , humor that 's more than a little chuckle worthy , and a sincere romance . It 's the redheaded stepchild of `` Bellflower '' and `` Pineapple Express . ''
A fast and furious rom com that 's as fun for car-chase aficionados as it is romantics at heart .
Shepard and Bell 's unfeigned relationship single-handedly turns Hit & Run from a scatterbrained chase flick into an unanticipated treat .
From the opening scene , featuring Shepard and real-life fiancée Kristen Bell making pillow talk , you can tell that ` Hit & Run ' is n't a cookie-cutter comedy .
It burns rubber out of the gate , whips cleanly through all four gears , and after a clever pit stop or two , zooms across the finish line .
There are some funny lines , but much of the storytelling resorts to one uninspired -LRB- and often low budget -RRB- car chase after another . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Hit & Run is awfully hit & miss .
Shepard and Palmer just do n't do anything terribly exciting with the film 's vehicles , drawn mostly from Shepard 's personal collection .
It feels like writer , co-director and star Dax Shepard has unleashed some kind of freakish Franken-film on movie-goers .
Shepard 's dialogue oozes with the sense that whoever wrote this stuff thinks it is a billion times smarter , more original and funnier than it really is , which makes it all that more annoying .
Yee-haw , and so forth .
There is even a lesson to be learned , the which is that mixing The Cannonball Run with Siddhartha is harder than it sounds . And it sounds very , very hard .
Hit and Run lures you in with its jackalope rhythms . There 's nothing else like it on the current landscape .
Hit & Run may be a bit of a letdown , but if you 're in the mood for a romantic comedy with a little extra horsepower , chances are you 'll enjoy letting Shepard and company take the wheel while you strap in and switch off your brain .
Perfect late-summer film fare : an uproarious and seriously romantic car romp which has something for the girls as well as the boys .
It 's a romance , it 's a drama , it 's a comedy , it 's a road movie , it 's an auto-body experience . Whatever it is , we did n't love it .
Hit & Run is a bit of a mess , frankly , but as in nearly all cinematic road-ragers , getting there is way more than half the fun .
This is neither funny nor suspenseful , but it does feature some cool-looking cars , and Tom Arnold delivers some decent pratfalls as an accident-prone man .
The trouble with Hit & Run is that it ca n't sustain its trippy effervescence . Despite a few scrappy twists and turns , it 's ultimately a dead end .
Real-life couple has chemistry in raunchy car-chase flick .
Hit and Run is n't very memorable , and it is n't all that exciting , but it 's occasionally funny and sweet and more engaging than any action-comedy Jennifer Aniston has made in her entire career .
Like the classic 1967 Cadillac that transports our protagonists for much of the journey , Hit & Run is a road-worthy romance-comedy .
When Shepard 's on , though , he 's really on . There 's hardly anything rote or predictable about `` Hit & Run , '' other than its title .
An entertaining , if scattered romp .
Operates on the principle that if a scene runs into a dead end , all you need to do is cram the characters in some cars and gun it .
It 's a lot more fun than the title suggests . How many chase comedies have you seen where the hero 's sexy girlfriend has a doctorate in nonviolent conflict resolution ?
`` Hit & Run '' is merely the latest picture , more modestly scaled than most , to give the catch-all notion of the B movie a bad name , deserving of a new category : the D movie .
Lackluster , inane and witless with too many jokes that fall flat .
Shepard 's script runs the gambit from maudlin to outrageous . Some of the dialogue is pretty forgettable but a few comments hit dead center on the funny bone .
A late summer blast of high adrenaline fun
It does n't just blow a flat tire . Think of all the Shalit-esque puns you can about a disastrous experience in a car and apply them to this lurching mess of five or six movies that aspires to be Tarantino-esque but completely misses its mark .
It probably was fun to drive all these hot cars around California , and make a movie with your friends and sacrifice plot logic for better jokes . But where 's the fun for the audience in all that ?
A quirky , modern romance wrapped around a motor-mouthed Tarantino-esque crime movie .
The talented cast is game and deserves better , especially Cooper , who is saddled with a dreadlocked fright wig that gives the impression he is performing all his scenes with a spongy blond octopus sitting on his head .
Tasty at times , even if the film evaporates as you watch it .
The script is slapdash and haphazard , seemingly thrown together based on whichever of their friends was available for a day of shooting .
Some truly hilarious and daring elements , which are surrounded throughout by material that 's either unfunny or totally indefensible .
Even as the rest of the movie slips away from his grasp , Shepard ensures that Bell stands out amidst the auto-on-auto carnage .
Done up in the style of a seventies Burt Reynolds flick - HIT AND RUN seemingly aspires to be nothing more than 100 minutes of fun , and on that score it more than delivers .
The problem is that Hit & Run ca n't really settle on a tone . It 's a goofy caper that turns savage .
There really ought to be a lot more movies like Hit & Run , but only if they 're just a little bit better .
The action has an appealing old-fashioned feel , relying on genuine stunt driving instead of the usual recipe of CGI and incessant cutting .
You ca n't blame the actors for this disappointing feature in conception and execution .
Because when a film is titled Hit and Run , audiences really want to see two actors trade wilted dialogue in baby voices while Tom Arnold is trapped in a shtick coma .
A B-movie throwback , meant to be seen at a drive-in , where you can make out during the dull parts or honk your horn as Arnold runs his poor minivan into a tree for the fifth time .
`` Hit and Run '' is a race to ridiculousness , but at the same time it 's a bit of a gas .
They 're all clearly having fun , though that 's not the same as making a movie .
For all of its flaws , it achieves its chief goal : to put the pedal to the metal for some good , goofy fun , squealing the tires as often as possible along the way .
... would have made a great drive-in date movie with its gearhead road tripping and sweetly romantic antihero . It 's uneven , but its good nature and friends-making-a-movie vibe is more winning than not .
... stands as a monument to the catastrophic downside of the auteur theory .
Manages to make us dislike just about all of its major characters within a minute of meeting them .
It is the genuine central relationship -LSB- between Dax Shepard and Kristen Bell -RSB- that turns this off-the-wall free-for-all into more than just a throwaway romp .
It can get sloppy and silly and gratuitous at times , but `` Hit and Run '' never feels tired . Its energy and verve overcome its misfires .
A strange , but strangely entertaining combo of drag racing machismo , slapstick silliness , raunchy riffs , politically incorrect rants and sweet nothings .
Like the muscle cars it lovingly features , Hit and Run idles effectively , revs and takes off with frisky energy , and knows just when to cruise .
What these movies require is against-all-odds chemistry , and Shepard and Bell have that in spades .
This one checks all the boxes for summer escapism : hot cars , hotter women , highway hooliganism , a hell-raising hero , hapless cops , hilarious villains , no plot and no apologies .
With so many lazy and phoned-in movies out there , it 's uniquely frustrating to see Shepard come so close to his lofty goals and still fall short .
Does n't crash and burn , but it does n't exactly sail across the finish line a winner , either .
Interminable scenes of macho posturing and mock-Tarantino dialogue ...
Essentially a celebrity goof-off ... Hit & Run goes slack from the lack of any real back-and-forth .
Pretty much everything shot by Shepard and co-director David Palmer looks as if it was done in one take .
`` Hit and Run '' is n't a catastrophe , but it leaves loose ends and a more adventurous map by the side of the winding road .
A comedy that feels as if it were dreamed up in the wee hours between bong hits and shots of tequila .
It 's like Mozart being interpreted by someone who 's tone-deaf .
The good time clearly had by the filmmakers rubs off on the audience .
It 's like a car doing doughnuts , driving in circles while going nowhere fast .
Earplugs , please . And wake me when it 's over .
Possesses such a sheepish , hey-man-I 'm - trying-here charm that deriding it feels a little like poking a puppy .
A somewhat offbeat romance shifts gears and becomes something more menacing and violent .
Far more frustrating than the film 's banally conventional plot structure is its characters ' lack of depth .
It 's the negative zone of comedy , like humor trying to escape from the mouths of actors perched in front of a black hole .
Above all , real-life couple Shepard and Bell bring genuine chemistry to this high-energy excursion .
On-the-run love story delivers charm despite some unwise detours .
It 's eminently clear that the goal here is fun , and fun is achieved on the regular .
If `` Hit and Run '' ultimately proves too slapdash to recommend , it does provide Dax Shepard with a fine platform for his likeably nonchalant sensibility .
Dull car chases , embarrassing dialogue , humorless comedy .
The rom-com/car chase back-and-forth does n't always work , but a fun story and affable cast keep things moving fluidly .

@highlight

Though Hit & Run has some surprisingly oft-kilter filmmaking , the action does n't add to much and the writing 's a bit smug .