What makes this by far the best film of the year is not the haiku-like storyline or Stone 's heart-stopping scramble ... but the tears . Gravity is one of the most outrageously emotionally manipulative films I have ever seen .
Those of us who have never traveled beyond the earth 's atmosphere -- hell , maybe even those who have -- will be easily convinced that Cuaron 's outer space is the real deal .
It 's horrifying -LRB- and gorgeous -RRB- , and you 'll be thankful you 're planted securely in your theater seat .
This certain best-picture nominee sounds almost as good as it looks .
It 's an amazing feat of filmmaking , but where Cuarón should have applied similar elbow grease was on the script .
Gravity is a movie of elegant beauty and surprising emotional power .
The hype for Cuarón 's ambitious Gravity has been ... well ... out of this world . Critics have fallen over themselves praising the film and I went into the theater expecting very big things indeed . I hate to say this , but I did n't love it .
Gravity should be getting award consideration in several categories . Its spectacular cinematography creates a powerful juxtaposition between the sublime beauty of the cosmos and its powerful isolation .
Cuaron keeps his film as realistic as it can get . No melodrama , no far-fetched stylised action scenes or convenient plot twists . The film stays unpredictable till the end .
I adore this movie on every level ...
Whatever is achieved here visually is never really matched by a profound narrative .
With its themes of spirituality , religion , birth , rebirth and hope , Gravity is a film that will move audiences in different ways . That 's the beauty of it ; it transcends genres , generations and time , a modern classic .
A survival drama set almost entirely in the unfathomable abyss of outer space , Gravity is something now quite rare -- a truly popular big-budget Hollywood movie with a rich aesthetic pay-off .
Gravity is less a feature film than cinema as experience : a new frontier in filmmaking that will appeal to studios trying to attract people to movie theaters .
It 's the very definition of a thriller , from the mysterious locale to the unpredictably tumultuous events containing no hope of survival .
It is a big , bold picture that refuses to be timid , and it left me trembling . It 's not just a film ; it 's something that happens to you .
It is exhilarating film-making , engineered with dizzying invention , and it combines commanding 3D digital effects -- some of the best I 've ever seen -- with a surprisingly soulful touch .
Gravity becomes a character study driven by a riveting central performance and a radical thrill ride delivered with near real-time urgency which thrusts you through its implausibilities .
Beautiful and poetic , the image of small humans in fathomless space is also elegiac and eventually frightening .
Gravity dazzles with images that place us at the center of space flight ... but keeps yanking us into a contrived fantasy version of space in which , among other things , the world 's space stations are all lined up , like a low-orbit trailer park .
So it was good , if a bit jarring , to feel myself shrink at the film 's beginning , when I found myself floating above the surface of the earth for a little while in absolute silence .
The film 's impressiveness begins and ends with its sizzle-reel mentality , never amounting to much more than a dazzling technical exercise starring some really famous people .
A work of techno-art , with images of humbling grandeur and scenes almost painful in the depth of horror they evoke .
The CGI is flawless , and the beautiful shot construction is staggering .
You do n't have to love sci-fi to love Gravity , you just have to love the power of cinema to provide a transcendent experience .
One of the greatest man-versus-nature movies in cinematic history .
$ 90,000,000 , a hundred , whatever they spent : this is a taut thriller built for audiences but also one of the most expensive experimental movies ever made . It 's a thrill ride , but a work by a visual artist at the extremes of his acuity .
An escape from the past that is simultaneously a flight to no future .
One of the best science fiction movies in years .
This is a story about people floating through space , and Alfonso Cuarón 's feature brilliantly contrives to make the viewer feel similarly untethered , to often thrilling effect . This is surely the closest cinema comes to three-dimensional virtual abseiling .
The single most stressful two hours you can have in a movie theatre - in the best possible way .
Surely there are Oscar nominations for all involved , and Gravity is set to be a classic .
What could easily have been a dull practice in CGI is crafted by Alfonso Cuaron in to a journey for survival and learning how to cherish life ...
For all the complicated CG wizardry and ostensibly visionary gloss ... -LSB- Gravity -RSB- is aesthetically and structurally regressive .
We 've seen films set in outer space before , but nothing has ever felt this real .
A sleek , smooth , immersive , and rather overwhelming spectacle of economy , efficiency , and all-around proficiency .
One of the ten best films of 2013 .
If Cuarón 's long-gestating thriller is perhaps not quite the masterpiece we were hoping for , it is still a thrilling and visually striking work .
A marvel of performance and effect utilizing the man against his environment/survival motif to justify visual and technical elegance and brilliance .
You want to admire the technical achievement , except it never feels like a technical achievement . It just feels like you 're there . And desperately want to leave .
This masterpiece perfectly blends the elements of a science fiction blockbuster - A-list stars and amazing special effects - with a powerful and subtle story .
Cuaron 's knack for long takes amplifies the terror , where devastation approaches without a sound and that thump you hear could very well be your own pulse .
It 's a technical marvel -- appropriately breathtaking in its evocation of space 's vastness and the buffeting suffered by the two astronauts in their efforts to anchor themselves to something solid . But Cuaron also knows how suspense works .
Gravity is , in the end , a perfect melding of the technological and the emotional .
An absolute technical marvel in every way possible -- from cinematography to special effects to sound design to score , all of Gravity 's technical parts work together in perfect harmony for maximum effectiveness .
Cuarón crucially knows how to deliver spectacle in a way that still counts -- and at a time when practically anything that can be imagined on the page can now be realised on screen , that 's no mean feat .
I was on the edge of my seat .
Despite these flaws , Gravity is an amazing experience .
Gravity asks that you think about these more lasting effects . And for that , and despite its distractions , its sad mother , its astronauts and ham radio connections , the movie is gorgeous and moving , more about possibility than credibility .
A modern science-fiction classic that follows a fractured mother struggling to find herself in the vastness of space .
Bullock 's almost balletic performance imbues this vertiginous fantasy with a humanity and grace that beautifully complements director Alfonso Cuarón 's breathtaking vision .
With Hollywood recycling and `` rebooting '' the same stories and sights more than ever , Gravity stands out as a spectacle not to be missed .
That is probably one of the best acted , most visually stunning adventure films ever .
Can one smell bull **** in space ?
Gravity resembles a cutting-edge video game more than it does a wholeheartedly immersive cinematic experience ...
Created through a painstaking combination of physical and digital performance that disintegrates the divide between live action and animation , Gravity boasts a level of sheer visual invention that would have left Stanley Kubrick 's head spinning .
Jaw-dropping wonder , dizzying vertigo , heart-stopping tension , spine-tingling shocks and visceral fear : Gravity stimulates them all ... Bullock 's vital signs -LSB- are -RSB- being monitored ; that probably would n't be a bad idea for the viewer , too .
The environment is entirely alien , the technology necessary to live in it has gone far beyond our ken , and humans float around haplessly waiting for the next systemic breakdown ... It 's hard not to identify with that set of circumstances .
A nail-biting journey that 's as nerve-wracking as it is technically impressive .
The plot is one-track , the cast minimal and the pace leisurely . But it 's a real pleasure to experience space in a movie without an alien in sight .
One can easily imagine Robert Louis Stevenson or H Rider Haggard getting a kick out of Gravity .
More like a 91-minute thrill-ride than an astronaut adventure movie , this tour de force throws us out into space without a safety line then thrills us with a series of near misses that take our breath away .
Stunningly accomplished space survival adventure : heartstopping and heartbreaking ; the best film of 2013 so far . Just do n't call it science fiction .
In space no one can hear you scream . No one can hear your jaw drop either .
It 's a bumpy trip , with two voyagers carrying , some will argue , excess charisma baggage . But it 's a trip no space spectacle fan should miss .
Gripping and utterly immersive space thriller with awe-inspiring visuals , state-of-the-art special effects , unmissable 3D work and a terrific central performance from Sandra Bullock .
The film looks and feels so real you have to remind yourself virtually everything on screen does n't actually exist .
Everyone in for a unique cinematic ride against the backdrop of the abyss of outer space will have a fantastic time .
Director and co-writer Cuarón brilliantly manages to create both awe at his glorious space vistas , and knuckle-gobbling tension at what 's happening in the foreground .
Finally the 3D film to knock your socks off . Mexican director Alfonso Cuarón 's Gravity is a spectacular watch , which leaves you with a jaw dropping , head spinning , truly immersive space experience .
The film of the year .
a masterpiece of both action and psychology
Like the title suggests , this is an astronaut adventure whose pull is hard to resist . By the time 90 stomach-shrinking minutes have elapsed , you 'll feel like you 've been bumped around the heavens .
I would hate to make Gravity sound like nothing more than a technical achievement . The film does have a theme , and uses the marvels of its imagery to drive that meaning home .
Keeps the tension at white-knuckle levels , evoking the paradoxically claustrophobic emptiness of space as the astronaut faces dangers intimate -LRB- asphyxiation -RRB- and existential -LRB- the void -RRB- .
Revolutionary in style and scope and one of the most audience-immersive films ever made .
`` Gravity '' is a visual marvel , yet it 's more than eye candy .
A spectacular film that , for once , lives up to the hype
The special effects are awesome while the storyline is just okay
The stunning vista of the Earth spinning below , the scale of the emptiness , the distances , the astronauts and wreckage tumbling through the void ... This is what 3D was made for .
Less admirable than 2001 , but more exciting
Makes you feel as if you 're floating through space
Breathlessly paced with a procession of nerve-racking cliffhanger moment , Gravity is not just one of the best films about humans in space , it 's one of the most tense tales about the power of the survival instinct .
As a technical achievement , it 's unparalleled ... and its depiction of courage leaves a lasting impression . The little triumphs are always tempered by huge moments of melancholy and doubt , because there 's always more harrowing danger just around the corner .
Once the hype and hysteria descend from orbit , it 'll be nice to have Gravity simply be what it is - an exciting , accomplished and flawed film from a director willing to take risks in the name of discovery .
Much less than meets the eye . A victim once again of the professional critic 's blurb machinery .
While the movie is very heavy on special effects and dazzling visuals , the part of it that impressed me most was the very personal emotional journey of Stone -LRB- Bullock -RRB- .
Um filme que respeita a Ciência mesmo colocando-a totalmente a serviço do Drama , revelando-se , no processo , como um dos melhores trabalhos de 2013 .
Is n't just a great movie , it 's a great experience that frequently astonishes , captivates and embraces the challenge of raising the bar on what we should expect from modern day films .
Blessed be the innovators but those interested in timelessness need to hire some writers and restore the basics to their rightful place in the cinematic firmament .
In terms of old-fashioned , cliffhanger thrills , Gravity leads the pack this year . It plays like an extended version of the ` Open the pod-bay doors , HAL ' sequence in Kubrick 's ' 2001 . '
Totally glad I made the decision not to become an astronaut .
The most exciting science-fiction space adventure ever made .
Gravity is what cinema at its best should be - an experience that makes you grip the armrests tightly and slide to the edge of your seat as you become completely consumed by the story on the screen .
`` Gravity '' , a beautiful dance in space that is the closest replica anyone could ever ask for . Easily my favorite film of 2013 .
Alfonso Cuarón 's film comes with a powerful force of its own - one which drags you towards the edge of your seat , forces your nails down into the cinema arm rests and sucks the breath out of you .
By all means , see it . But if it actually does change your idea of cinema , you might want to see more movies .
Once the lights fade and darkness envelops the theatre you 're part of Stone 's journey through the infinite .
nothing if not a technical tour de force , possibly one of the greatest examples in recent years of how far cinematic technology can take us into experiences-both visceral and emotional-that most of us are unlikely to ever encounter
Hugely moving and even , at times , terrifying , this is , without a doubt , the best mainstream American pic of the year thus far - gasp !
Short But Engaging
An eye-popping , digital/live-action marvel with new levels of sophistication in its groundbreaking special effects that leaves most other films looking like they 're lagging light years behind .
A minimalist masterpiece that more than merits the response it 's gotten from the public and critics alike . How fitting , given its subject , that the acclaim has been universal .
A triumph of nuance that imagines something from a source of simplicity and then wraps it in a cloak of wonderment , despair , alarm and sometimes outright horror .
The cliché ` edge of your seat ' seems too mild for this exciting outer space thriller that combines technical magic with strong emotional pull .
So many effects-heavy films promise to show you something you 've never seen before . Gravity delivers .
Alfonso Cuarón makes it look effortless in Gravity , sculpting exemplary sound design , breathtaking images and 3D technology into a film that plunges the viewer straight to the heart of a sweat-inducing , pulse-racing nightmare scenario .
A breathtakingly tense sci-fi thriller , a dazzling special-effects showcase that uses state-of-the-art technology to put us right in the spacesuits .
Alfonso Cuarón is among the world 's finest , most versatile filmmakers , and someone who has n't yet directed a dud . Gravity is quite OK too , but in the second tier of his work .
A rendering of space in all its magisterial and exotic grandeur -- not only from what we 've seen in footage and stills , but in the context of human presence , devastation , utter loneliness and salvation .
Buckle up for a relentlessly-riveting , roller coaster ride through a deceptively-close outer space you can virtually reach out and touch !
If I found a lamp , and a genie came out and granted me three wishes , I 'd use one to raise Kubrick so I could take him to Gravity ... No element is out of place , no intention unrealized ... unity of time , place and character ... a work of the highest art .
... the most spectacular and most accurate portrayal of how and why things work and fail in space ... on IMAX and in 3D is finally and absolutely worth the price of admission .
Perhaps the most remarkable thing is how the film makes the infinite vastness of outer space feel so intimate .
visually beautiful and the science for the most part seems on the money right down to how the spacesuits move in a weightless environment .
An elegant space film , with some of the best photography ever .
An instant classic .
To be frank , it 's not Cuarón 's best picture , not with Y Tu Mamá También and Children of Men on his resume . Yet what it lacks in sociopolitical heft and laser-point characterizations it makes up for in sheer visual spectacle .
Believe the hype : Gravity is as jaw-droppingly spectacular as you 've heard - magnificent from a technical perspective but also a marvel of controlled acting and precise tone .
The closet I 've ever been to being in space . There are times when you want to ask Sandra and George to move over because they and the so-so story are blocking the view .
Director Cuaron may lack imagination in plot and character , but he excels in style .
A magnificent thriller , and one of the most dumbfoundingly impressive technological feats in the 20 years since Jurassic Park put the world on notice about CGI .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- `` Gravity '' leaves the viewer with indelible memories that traverse between fantasy and nightmare flashbacks like an energizing pattern between positive and negative polarities .
Bullock and Clooney are good at playing themselves , but it felt like they `` phoned '' it in making the film feel shallow . Some nice visuals , but nothing that we have n't seen in far better Space films .
Cuaron and his team have crafted a masterpiece that is so much more than it seems . All the pieces come together to form one of the most unforgettable movie-going experiences of recent memory .
... a super-expensive thriller , at heart like many others , that I enjoyed reasonably well .
Gravity has such a big screen scope , 3D clarity and gripping story that it 'd be a crime to simply wait for Blu-ray to watch it .
Cuaron thrusts us into the heavens for an adventure so lifelike you can almost reach out and touch the stars . And who would n't want to reach out and touch George Clooney and Sandra Bullock ?
-LSB- The -RSB- director 's last effort was another great science-fiction movie , `` Children of Men , '' which was borne of ideas . This one celebrates sensation . And it deserves to be one .
A milestone in cinema . Ask me in twenty-five years about the most magical moviegoing excursions I 've had , and I 'm pretty sure I 'll cite the day I saw Gravity as one of them .
`` Gravity '' is a knock out , but without Bullock 's movie-star charisma and everywoman relatability , the film would n't work nearly as well as it does .
An intense visual wonder from Alfonso Cuaron with no extraneous BS . See it in 3-D if you can .
Given what Cuarón has done here for the film medium , Gravity is nothing less than a 5-star 2001 Space Odyssey for a whole new generation of movie lovers . Take the ride .
Unfolding as a series of terrifying object lessons in Newtonian physics , the movie lends new meaning to the phrase `` spatial geometry . ''
Let 's just say seeing the film is the next best thing to the horror and beauty of being lost in space .
Intense , astonishing sci-fi thriller has real soul .
Gravity is 90 relentlessly frightening , unexpectedly moving minutes . It 'll leave you shaking .
Not since Stanley Kubrick 's 1968 masterpiece 2001 : A Space Odyssey has a mainstream film featured space exploration in such an evocative , heady , and realistic manner .
Gravity does n't travel any new ground with the space story . It just takes what has become standard and powers it into the cinema stratosphere with visuals that ca n't be fully appreciated in a single viewing and a story that is full of emotional fireworks .
Cuaron 's real victory in the film and his use of 3D is the way he lets it acquire an important role in the storytelling , because it allows the viewer to really get a sense of the unfathomable emptiness and isolation just above the clouds .
Gravity is not a film of ideas , like Kubrick 's techno-mystical 2001 , but it 's an overwhelming physical experience -- a challenge to the senses that engages every kind of dread .
Nerve-racking , sentimental and thrilling , Gravity honors terra firma even as it reaches for the stars with Sandra Bullock and George Clooney .
Cuarón and his cinematographer , Emmanuel Lubezki , keep the audience in weightless suspension right along with the astronauts . For most of us , Gravity is the closest we will ever get to the real deal .
Here is a movie that is everything a movie should be : relentlessly suspenseful and packed with cutting-edge effects while it 's simultaneously filled with emotional gravity .
An immersive masterwork -- a game-changer , both for the sci-fi genre and Hollywood filmmaking as a whole .
The filmmakers put you out there with Ryan for 90 sweaty-palmed minutes .
... a Worst-Space Scenario , in which everything that can go wrong does . It 's basically ` Sandra Bullock and the Terrible , Horrible , No Good , Very Bad Space Walk . '
Despite my few misgivings , I must admit that `` Gravity '' is an amazing experience .
`` Gravity '' is an instant contender for Best Picture at the 2014 Academy Awards . And the buzz around Bullock as a possible Best Actress nominee is legitimate and well-founded .
... with mind-boggling special effects , wonderful 3-D , and award-quality acting by Bullock , this is a movie not to be missed !
A gonzo , gorgeous , brilliantly executed nightmare of a film .
It 's a movie that 's not afraid to go deep or stare blankly at you to see if it can get you to blink first .
This matter-of-fact thriller disdains sensationalism . Yet , the situations have you holding your breath as each new challenge or obstacle impedes the astronauts as they use their knowledge to find ways to stay alive .
Combines a breathtaking use of 3D photography , terrifying action sequences and an emotionally gripping performance by Sandra Bullock to create a brilliant movie .
Cuaron is as eager to invoke primal , instinctual fear as he is to indulge lyrical , philosophical reflection .
This is a movie for movie theaters . This is a film that can not be appreciated to its full extent off of the big screen . Gravity is why movie theaters exist .
What immediately strikes you about ` Gravity ' is how real everything looks . It 's easy to think you 're watching an IMAX documentary instead of Bullock and Clooney playing pretend .
By taking the simple leap between a character 's personal isolation and the equally terrifying physical isolation of space , Alfonso Cuaron creates a vertiginous masterpiece .
An incredible , flawless , irresistible , white-knuckle , pound-your-head-against-the-wall-like-a-gorilla-smashing-coconuts exercise in technique .
As an experience of pure cinema , an appreciation of its ability to show terrible and wonderful things , I ca n't think of its equal in 2013 .
As of right now , there 's just nothing else like it . And that is a rare treat at the movies .
Cuarón is so successful at immersing viewers in the astronauts ' environment that Gravity is only marginally hampered by its flaws .
A dazzling breakthrough for a director more gifted than even his many admirers may have suspected .
Visually amazing , wonderfully suspenseful , and rooted in a place of humanity . A stellar popcorn movie .
Gravity , a weightless ballet and a cold-sweat nightmare , intimates mystery and profundity , with that mixture of beauty and terror that the Romantics called the sublime .
Doctoral theses will be penned on the breath-catchingly realistic , gorgeously choreographed , entirely mesmerizing opening ...
At a scant 90 minutes , director Alfonso Cuarón 's dramatic mystery/science-fiction/thriller will absolutely enthrall most viewers . I was riveted .
The most surprising and impressive thing about `` Gravity '' is n't its scale , its suspense , or its sense of wonder ; it 's that , in its heart , it is not primarily a film about astronauts , or space , or even a specific catastrophe .
I like the movie 's hopefulness , so against the grain of the end-of-everything scowling that we find in every other movie and TV show these days .
In the end `` Gravity '' has only the most basic things to say , but it says them so well and presents them so marvelously that it 's a cinematic wonder .
`` Gravity '' is one of the once-to-a-generation films that transform our sense of the immensity of space and the potential of film .
Alfonso Cuarón and his son , Jonás , have penned a fantastic yet credible story of courage , friendship , and survival . Even the title , ` Gravity , ' is appropriate in its dual simplicity . -LRB- This -RRB- is a perfect movie . Seeing it in IMAX-3D is perfection plus .
A gorgeous 90 minute long panic attack that caresses the soul while it obliterates the senses
Gravity is the game-changing film of our generation . Cuaron has created a technical and emotional masterpiece that elevates the art form ! See the film in IMAX 3D !
Moves us closer to an art-house/blockbuster hybrid paradigm that could be Hollywood 's salvation ... a survivalist adventure that captures the primal terror of present death while exploring the will or wo n't to live .
Gravity is a once in a generation film event .
Get ready for a mind blowing , stomach churning , popcorn dropping space adventure that might be the most exciting movie you see all year .
Cuaron has made a cinematic landmark that features mindblowing effects , relatable characters , and a career best performance from Sandra Bullock . GRAVITY is easily the best film of the year so far
Cuaron has broken extraordinary ground here , creating a film-going immersion in outer space that , at least for those of us who 've gotten no closer than an airplane allows , feels unfailingly right .
Gravity is a celebration of the primal pleasure of movies .
A viscerally exhilarating 91-minute thrill ride . It wo n't be remembered for its dialogue or characters , just for its game-changing sound and visual effects . Its style becomes its substance .
If you can get past the heartstring-tugging , the amped up soundtrack , and George Clooney 's relentless Clooneyness , this stunning space saga is the very reason we go to the movies .
A true exercise in visual filmmaking and storytelling .
This is one of the most stunning visual treats of the year and one of the most unforgettable thrill rides in recent memory .
Spring for the IMAX 3D if you can , for the most immersive experience and the most realistic approximation of spaceflight this side of the moon .
Like the movie itself , Bullock is brilliant , taking us inch by inch through Stone 's alternating panic , despair , hope and hopelessness in the chaotic struggle to survive .
The year 's great cinematic visual achievement .
An unforgettable experience .
Prepare to return your jaw to its upright position .
Gravity is magical , the kind of movie that will inspire a generation of kids to grab cameras and let their imaginations run wild , the proverbial face that launches a thousand ships .
90 minutes of sheer excitement and terror , a dizzyingly participatory experience .
It strives to bring cinema 's past , especially the rip-roaring , edge-of-the-seat thrillers Hollywood used to make , into its technological , weightless , oxygen-free future .
One of the most exhilarating experiences I 've had in the cinema in recent memory .
One of the most intense theater-going experiences I 've had in years . It is more than just a great movie , it 's a giant leap forward for the art of cinema .
This enthralling tale of survival in space will open up young audiences ' eyes to the excitement of out-of-this-world exploration -- and make older audiences remember the wonder they felt at 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
As Cuarón spells out in his intro : `` Life in space is impossible '' . So is forming any emotional attachment to Gravity .
Gravity is the kind of enthralling , all-encompassing , giddy cinematic experience that surfaces once in a blue moon .
Shockingly exciting .
a cinematic spectacle without equal
`` Gravity '' opens with a bravura sequence that is a genuine jaw-dropper . A game-changer . A paradigm of the sheer potency cutting-edge cinema can muster .
The movie is n't perfect . But it provides a perfect moviegoing experience , and that 's almost as good . The second time I went I watched a lot of the faces in the audience , and they looked just as I imagine mine did the first night I saw it : Whoa .
It 's a rare combination of jaw-dropping special effects and visual artistry , and it also works as slam-bang entertainment with just two actors and a swift running time of 90 minutes .
An existential action movie that unashamedly embraces the sensation of awe .
Words can do little to convey the visual astonishment this space opera creates . It is a film whose impact must be experienced in 3-D on a theatrical screen to be fully understood .
A wildly suspenseful zero-g tale of survival 350 miles beyond the ozone layer , Alfonso Cuarón 's space saga is emotionally jolting - and physically jolting , too .
Yet Gravity also has an emotional and spiritual depth that , like 127 Hours , another film about man versus isolation , transcends what might at first seem a gimmicky plot device .
That Gravity , in 2013 , can make you wonder how it was made with almost every shot , is an incredible achievement . It manages to punch you in the nuts with reality and make you believe in magic all at the same time .
In one form or another , motion pictures have been with us since the middle of the 19th century , but there 's never been one like `` Gravity . ''
`` Gravity '' is a stratospheric achievement . Not just a futuristic drama , it 's also a universally human drama about the need for hope in desperate situations .
`` Gravity '' must be seen in theaters to be appreciated ; the prospect of watching this movie on anything less than a 40-foot screen is tantamount to listening to Beethoven through a tin can and a string .
Even as it looks to the heavens , `` Gravity '' is bound to earth , where the beauty is in the details .
Gravity 's great gift to the viewer is that it gives outer space back its beauty , terror , and wonder .
Kubrick 's 2001 : A Space Odyssey set the standard for films about space exploration . Until Now . But this one focuses on the human element and boy , are you in for a mind trip with Gravity . The cinematic achievement of the year .
a real edge-of-your-seat thrill .
Both a claustrophobic suspense thriller and a searing , emotional drama at the same time . And all along , it 's absolutely gorgeous .
Gravity ... may actually be that rarest of beasts : An actual game-changer .
A breathtaking film that 's visually stunning , emotionally heart-wrenching , and has heart , soul , and even a bit of humor .
Gravity into a thing of transcendent beauty and terror . It 's more than a movie . It 's some kind of miracle .
This taut , austere , often wordless film explores the distinction between singularity and loneliness .
You ca n't exactly call Alfonso Cuarón 's Gravity the best film of its kind , because it has no kind : It stands alone as an extraordinary balance of 3-D effects , heroes-in-jeopardy storytelling and emotional depth .
This is a film spectacular enough to demand the full IMAX 3-D treatment .
Yes , director Alfonso Cuarón 's Gravity is laden with ingenious special effects , but they make for a balletic visual experience that engulfs and transports the audience in a way that very few movies ever have .
... a technical and emotional spectacle , creating a how-did-they-do-that illusion of weightlessness in all its beauty and peril .
It 's an astonishingly controlled piece of filmmaking , particularly given the technological challenges of making it appear the characters are floating in zero gravity .
The visual splendor of `` Gravity '' is more than a matter of execution ; it 's also one of imagination .
It 's a relief to see an unconventional big-budget studio movie that does n't hew to the same old pounding action beats , or person-to-person physical violence .
Alfonso Cuaron 's Gravity is not just out of this world , it is a fresh and exciting new chapter in cinema .
The film is nothing short of outstanding , particularly if seen on a big IMAX screen in 3D . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Its nimble , acrobatic camera movements are amazing constructions , effortlessly swinging from the vastness of being lost in a black universe to the intimacy of being inside an astronaut 's helmet .
The film uses the cutting edge of technology to take viewers to the far reaches of the human experience , but also to create a sense of empathy .
An astonishing technical tour de force and an exciting thrill ride , but as a human drama it barely registers , and it carries none of the metaphysical weight of a film like ' 2001 . '
Teeth-clenchingly intense and gloriously immersive . Cuarón demonstrates that cellphone screens and tricked-out home theaters are no match for his big-screen artistry .
It 's easy to think , ` Shut up , brain , and just enjoy the view ! '
On the outside Gravity is much like the rest of its ilk - a diagram of the intensity of the human survival instinct ; on the inside it is a meditation on the attraction and horror of isolation told with such grace as to take your breath away .
Delivers an exquisite you-are-there head rush , making it one of the most technically sophisticated pictures of the last decade . Gravity is not easily flushed from the system after a viewing .
A technical and storytelling masterpiece buoyed by stunning visuals and functioning both as a ripping , tension-filled yarn and as a profound and life-affirming work of art .
Not since ' 2001 : A Space Odyssey ' has outer space seemed so real .
Not since 2001 : A Space Odyssey has a film so vividly and realistically transmitted the feeling of being lost in the cosmos .
A dizzying vision of space , amazing cinematography , and staggering sensation of being alone . The sense of helplessness in Gravity is unlike anything experienced in film before ; an endless struggle to survive only heightened by excellent 3D effects .
The most important film of 2013 in terms of special effects is also one of its most human , emotional stories . That 's the wonder of cinema .
Something almost unheard of these days : a Hollywood spectacle that shows us something new , set in the universe we live in .
A soul stirring tale of survival in outer space and an astronaut 's spiritual journey .
... ca n't be denied as a landmark visceral experience , even if there are some solid reasons to resist it .
Wow .
That rarest of breeds : the intellectual blockbuster .
Gravity , for all its many accomplishments , is at its core a wondrous narrative , beautifully executed with an eye for innovation that matches its emotional and intellectual content .
In a little more than 90 minutes -LSB- it -RSB- rewrites the rules of cinema as we have known them .
If the measure of a film 's true greatness is how deeply it immerses you into a world we 're unlikely to experience in reality , then Gravity is purely , simply one of the best movies ever made .
while the story grabs us at the onset , it 's clear homage to `` 2001 's '' Starchild in the form of Stone 's character coming to grips with the loss of her daughter is so overt , the film 's third act loses credibility as it toes its symbolic line .
Watch this film on the biggest screen you can find , in 3D IMAX if possible - not to be overwhelmed by its noise and effects , but to join its smart , soulful heroine on her incredible journey and to experience the size of its quietness .
Right from the start , Cuaron aims for the moon - and hits it .
If nothing else , Gravity makes the case for throwing immense resources at true visionaries ; the blockbuster craftsman as adventurer , Cuarón expertly blends the epic with the intimate .
The movie impresses us with the vastness and cold emptiness of space as few films have since 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
Gravity reminds us how breathtaking cinema can be in its scope and realism .
Gravity shows how to extract maximum tension from a minimalist story .
For all of its technical prowess , this is a work of pure and unabashedly virtuoso filmmaking from a genuine master of the craft .
As long as Cuarón sticks to the danger and suspense , Gravity is a masterpiece .
Alarming , intoxicating , eloquent , stomach-tossingly terrifying and emotionally shattering .
... Cuaron takes elements that remove the soul from most films and uses them to his advantage . Gravity opens up the possibilities of cinema . -LRB- Video review -RRB-
The movie 's an astonishingly detailed , visually painstaking state-of-the-art production that advances what the cinema can show us-even as the human story at its center feels a little thin after a while .
And it must be said upfront : This experience needs to be taken in on the biggest , IMAX-iest screen possible
If our exploration of space emerged from imagination , science and the spark of inspiration , the extraordinary `` Gravity '' uses those same tools to craft a movie that might correctly be called a thrill ride with a brain .
Accept Gravity as pure , popcorn-munching show business fun and nothing else , and you wo n't go away disappointed . Leave logic at the concession stand .
`` Gravity '' is an amazing movie for a variety of reasons , not the least of which is how Alfonso Cuaron tells what seems like a familiar type of story in a way we 've never seen .
Gravity comes loaded with technical wizardry , but Cuaron 's visceral , dynamic story-telling is the film 's most magical special effect . He makes outer space seem intimate .
Gravity delivers a display of modern technology that leaves the viewer breathless from the experience and marvelling at the craftsmanship behind it .
Not since Ridley Scott -LRB- Alien and Blade Runner -RRB- has a filmmaker done more for the Sci-Fi genre . Gravity is undeniable . See it on the biggest screen possible , you will feel the epic profundity of being lost in space .
Not since Stanley Kubrick 's ' 2001 : A Space Odyssey ' has there been a sci-fi fantasy as thrilling and intensely gripping as this . Wonderfully innovative , it 's an awesome spectacle not to be missed .
As the credits roll , you may find yourself thinking about real space launches you 've watched , or watching man walk on the moon , and remembering that feeling of awe at how man ever developed the technology to explore space in the first place .
It has taken until now , with Alfonso Cuarón 's `` Gravity , '' for a film to approach the immediacy , beauty , and realism of `` 2001 . ''
The old adage goes , ` They just do n't make 'em like they used to . ' Alfonso Cuarón 's Gravity should inspire a rephrasing : ` They 've never made anything like this before . '
Cuarón , a magician who brought personality to the Harry Potter series , is after pure , near-experimental spectacle .
Nearly everything about `` Gravity '' feels right , from its appropriate but compact running time to its satisfying conclusion .
Alfonso Cuarón 's ` Gravity ' is a game changer for deep space movies
A visually enthralling popcorn movie with two big stars -LRB- Sandra Bullock and George Clooney -RRB- that will rivet vast crowds for every moment of its 90-minute running time with not a second wasted .
There 's not much gravity to the script , but this movie with an ironic title is to be seen more than to be heard .
Your mileage may vary on the film 's more spiritual elements , but Gravity will make you believe in the higher power of movies .
Alfonso Cuarón and his team have created screen spectacle with a searing human dimension , and bring a true sense of wonder to a groundbreaking movie experience .
A space odyssey the likes of which has never been seen , yet let down by a script that is not as refined as its wondrous special effects .
A harrowing , white-knuckle tale from start to finish ... Life or death : How much more of a story do you need ?
An intimate movie of vast proportions , Gravity is a spell bounding groundbreaker that transforms the movie going experience .
Everything about Gravity appears expertly crafted by Cuaron , and superbly realised by his star .
You may never get to fly off to space , but ` Gravity ' is the next best thing .
Technically dazzling and emotionally gripping ...
Gravity is a crowd-pleasing version of what scientists and mathematicians are said to experience in their rarefied sphere-a wondrous fusion of faith and science .
Alfonso Cuarón 's triumph is an invigoratingly clean , elegant display of action choreography , a La Région Centrale you can still take grandma to see .
Together with perfect casting and a superb score , Gravity gets its exclamation mark from the astute use of 3D - adding a layer of thrills at key moments . Hell , they 're all key moments
We are on edge throughout . There is no respite , no relief , no safety net and the fact that almost the entire film takes place in space instills tension and claustrophobia . Tranquility is contrasted by chaos ; ethereal beauty by destructive disruption
A great film , perhaps the best film about space , ever .
A thrilling ride , a tremendous accomplishment for one of the most gifted filmmakers working today , and an absolute must-see movie , on the biggest screen possible .
Simply the most spectacular movie you 'll see this year .
High-class hokum 600,000 feet in orbit
A hard-science tale that offers a uniquely poetic portrait of hope and survival , `` Gravity '' is a both a virtuoso technical achievement and a powerfully visceral cinematic experience .
An exhilarating and borderline profound masterpiece .
Think Apollo 13 on steroids , and you get the idea .
Gravity is unlike anything you 've experienced in a movie theater this year
The worst you can say about this claustrophobic , transporting and unbearably tense movie is that it 's so grand it spoils you into expecting even more .
Watching Gravity often feels like watching an especially long prep reel for Star Tours , without ever being allowed to board the ride .
What 's astonishing about the film is its hypnotic seamlessness - the way that the director , Alfonso Cuarón , using special effects -LRB- and 3D -RRB- with a nearly poetic simplicity and command , places us right up there in space along with the people on screen .
In short , it 's one hell of a ride .
`` Gravity '' presents an artificial world that could only have made been today , and provides a fantastic showcase of new possibilities .
A visual triumph even if its storytelling is less than sure-footed .
Alfonso Cuarón 's disaster movie set in space is one of the year 's best .
An awe-inspiring achievement , a towering slice of cinematic splendour that astounds and terrifies in equal measure .
This is a movie as much about death as it is about survival .
The gut-wrenching , immersive elements are almost above reproach , but ultimately it 's all effect and little affect .
Both a technical marvel and a high-tension epic , Gravity is grounded by two perfectly-pitched performances , and launched into the stratosphere by Cuaron 's expansive ambition .
Every once in a while , a film comes along that pushes the form to such an extent that it throws down the gauntlet to other filmmakers , daring them to be as audacious in their craft . This is one of those .
Gravity is the film that cinema was born to make . It echoes the dreams of Meliés writ on a modern giant canvas , yet does so with such impeccable restraint that like the lead characters it will leave you breathless .
Gravity is important , relentless and , let 's not undersell this , completely entertaining .
... with ` Gravity , ' -LSB- Alfonso Cuaron -RSB- seems to have shed the bonds of Earth , and we are fortunate enough to be able to follow him into the unknown .
So it 's not a very good movie , but it is a really good spectacle .
This is n't just the best-looking film of the year , it 's one of the most awe-inspiring achievements in the history of special-effects cinema .
This is truly awesome .
` Gravity ' tries so hard to add emotional heft to its simple survival story , but its attempts are labored , unconvincing , and frankly downright dumb . This gorgeous , exciting film did n't need them .
This is seat-chewingly tense , virtuoso cinema that explores and exploits space as never before , with 3-D so convincing the audience lurches and gasps as though on a fairground ride .
The film 's raison d'etre is its considerable technical prowess , enhanced by 3D but in a determinedly ungimmicky way .
I have n't yet fully recovered .
For sheer transference of experience upon the audience , I can think of no film quite like it .
Gravity is very much an action adventure film , one very occasionally more meditative than most , but it 's unashamed in its desire to thrill you .
A master class in fluid camerawork , bold , unfussy imagery and special effects that put most recent Hollywood blockbusters to shame .
If the film past is dead , Gravity shows us the glory of cinema 's future . It thrills on so many levels . And because Cuar ón is a movie visionary of the highest order , you truly ca n't beat the view .
With nothingness pressing in on all sides , in a place where the grip of someone else 's hand is all that keeps you from the void , life really does seem like a miracle .
A brilliantly tense and involving account of two stricken astronauts ; a howl in the wilderness that sucks the breath from your lungs .
Cuaron 's exhilarating and often spectacular 3-D film is a real pleasure , driven by top-notch lead performance from Sandra Bullock and George Clooney as well as some seriously cool special effects .
At once the most realistic and beautifully choreographed film ever set in space , Gravity is a thrillingly realized survival story spiked with interludes of breath-catching tension and startling surprise .
-LSB- A -RSB- white-knuckle space odyssey , a work of great narrative simplicity and visual complexity ...
This is a thrilling and moving rollercoaster of a movie that will appeal to space geeks and romantics alike .

@highlight

Alfonso Cuarón 's Gravity is an eerie , tense sci-fi thriller that 's masterfully directed and visually stunning .