Watching this feels like you 're being repeatedly dumped by the love of your life .
No doubt , I 'm not the target demographic for this movie . And I could be wrong . But I 'd be shocked , and dismayed , if it 's a hit , and even more shocked and dismayed if it begets a new Mike Myers franchise .
For the first half hour of this badly misconceived Mike Myers movie , I did not laugh .
The Love Guru just feels lazy , filling time with jokes about Celine Dion , Oprah Winfrey , Law and Order : Special Victims Unit , Myers and Kanye West 's Katrina telethon appearance -- essentially , inside jokes for everyone in the world with cable .
Sub-Norbit .
Do you remember Mike Myers ? Well I suggest that you hold on to that memory and lock it tight inside you , because The Love Guru wants to destroy it .
It 's a rare film that makes a reviewer consider giving up the movies altogether . My own Waterloo came forty-five minutes into The Love Guru when I briefly considered stabbing out my own eyes so that I would n't have to watch it any more .
Naughty Mike Myers comedy has little to love .
The Love Guru contains a few clever touches but has trouble hanging together as a coherent comedy , let alone a coherent film .
Authentically repellent
... might just be the most puerile mainstream movie ever made ...
Pitka 's character seems overly based on what 's convenient for a given scene .
I guess the real audience is 40 year-old men with the mind of an 8 year-old .
It 's hard to take any of it seriously -- which would be fine if it were funny , but it 's not .
Allow me to say this very clearly : this is not a good movie .
It appears Myers did not have someone behind the camera reigning him in . Too bad .
Myers has his head in the toilet more than a Florida State University freshman co-ed during homecoming weekend .
Like a kid let loose in a toy store , this bad boy horny guru could have used more direction , but he does impress with his driving skills atop a pachyderm , during elephant sex .
... fairly mindless stuff that may appeal to die-hard Myers fans .
I am still comfortable believing Myers is a comic genius , but it 's no where to be seen here .
The whole vaguely pitiable enterprise has tiny flickers of brilliance which ca n't be denied , but almost ca n't be detected , either .
Most jokes are centred around either genitalia or that Austin Powers-style of wink-nudge faux sexuality , which does n't work at all with this character .
At one point Kingsley 's character makes his pupils duel with mops soaked in his own urine . If you think that 's funny , be my guest .
You 'll wish the once-talented Myers had merely rested on his laurels rather than pooping into them .
Funny in fits and starts , though the fits are a little convulsive and the starts seldom come with a convincing ending or pay-off .
The puerile levels to which it sinks make even Goldmember , the crudest of the Austin Powers movies , look like Brief Encounter .
When not finding new names for willies , Myers - who also wrote the script - devotes the rest of the time to pitiful one-liners revolving around farting , snot and diarrhoea .
No child under 12 should have to undergo it . The same , mind you , goes for anyone over 12 . Verdict : You 'll hate it .
Beneath the disguise there lurks the spirit of Austin Powers , whose love of double entendres and fart gags remains present and politically incorrect . Which is exactly where and why The Love Guru falls down .
It seems the person in greatest need of a bit of self-help is Myers himself .
This one may be best left to a trip to the video store .
To describe this holistic-healing comedy as anything other than terrible would be gross dereliction of duty , but I 'll make one concession : it 's kind of meant to be .
Myers ' shtick is n't for everyone , but I laughed . Looking around , however , I saw that my fellow critics were enjoying themselves as much as Gordon Brown on the beach at Southwold .
Myers has created in Pitka a character that 's sexually ambiguous , deeply neurotic and far more fascinating than the puerile script .
If you truly love yourself , do yourself a favour and avoid this spiritless comedy .
A film so numbingly unamusing that you seriously question whether you were mistaken to have ever found Myers funny .
They say sarcasm is the lowest form of wit . Well ` they ' obviously have n't seen ` The Love Guru ' , an overgrown dirt-patch of clunking juvenilia .
Its only merit is that it comes in at under 90 minutes - no movie comedy should exceed this . But in truth it ought not to have come in at all .
Dismal , laugh-free comedy that 's actually painful to sit through , thanks to a badly conceived central character , a lazy script and Myers ' incessant mugging .
Puerile and disappointing , what might have been a comical , irreverent look at Eastern guru wisdom a la Mike Myers is a load of balderdash , anchored by an elephantine bag of toilet humour , oversized penises and midget jokes
The satire of Bollywood musicals is obvious but about the closest thing to humour in what is undoubtedly the worst comedy of the year .
As the celebrity love guru of Los Angeles , Mike Meyers delivers jokes so poorly that they just clang to the floor like metal weights .
Puerile and disappointing , what might have been a comical , irreverent look at Eastern guru wisdom a la Mike Myers is a load of balderdash , anchored by an elephantine bag of toilet humour , oversized penises and midget jokes
Myers has a borderline-pathological need to mock Verne Troyer 's height . It stops being funny quickly .
Incredibly unfunny .
So sari , Mike Myers . Your spoof of `` Bollywood '' stinks .
Schnabel 's bland direction expresses no particular vision .
I daresay that even a splinter in the eyeball would be less painful than sitting through this debacle .
Perhaps Myers was so enchanted by his own desire to bring spiritualism to the masses that he forgot to actually bring the funny with it . Whatever the case , this is a shockingly laugh-free motion picture .
It will curb your craving for laughs and wo n't leave you consuming more than is necessary .
Both the tissue thin character and the movie are hardly sustainable beyond an SNL sketch which makes the 90 minute running time almost as interminable as one of those Deepak Chopra sanctimonious self-help tapes .
Despite its already toxic reputation , it has probably 12 or 18 gags that really work ... -LSB- but -RSB- while some of the jokes click , most of the jokes that fail , fail apocalyptically .
just is n't funny by any stretch of the imagination , relying instead upon a mindless barrage of crotch humor , bodily fluid gags and midget jokes that wo n't amuse anyone other than the most juvenile of audiences .
It 's just deadly .
Ben Kingsley 's eyes are crossed in a desperate attempt to vanish off-screen even if it means different sides of the screen at the same time .
Myers appears to have lost connection with the real lives and everyman empathy that drives the kind of long-form , narrative comedy he makes .
I still think Myer 's has talent , but THE LOVE GURU was doomed the moment he created this unfunny character . A Poor comedy .
Mike Myers ' talent is hidden under a barrage of crude jokes and situations
They are not putting any of the funny stuff from The Love Guru in the trailer . This is a rapid assault of comedy .
Mike Myers ' latest character `` Guru Pitka '' borders on self-parody : a lovable clown peddling services of questionable value in a quest for self-fulfillment .
It 's Mike Myers job to make you laugh , and he fails miserably in what might not be the best performance of his career , but it 's certainly his worst .
Guru Pitka , as portrayed by Mike Myers , stoops about as low as any movie character I 've ever seen in order to get laughs .
I have to admit that there 's something appealing about the fact that real life Leafs fanatic Mike Myers has constructed an entire film just so that he could see his beloved team win an elusive Stanley Cup .
A messy movie filled with too much juvenile humor .
With this sort of junk , Myers obviously is all out of love , and one day he 'll be so lost without us .
It 's not very good but it wo n't want to make you tear your eyes out either .
The Love Guru is insulting to anyone with a healthy sense of humor and the simple desire to laugh .
The Love Guru pegs the silly meter in the opening scene when Myers , as Guru Pitka , breaks out in a Bollywood-style 9 to 5 hoedown while picking at a sitar .
If you 're in the mood for a delightful tweak of today 's self-actualizing New Age gurus , look elsewhere . If , on the other hand , you want to see gags about boogers , elephant poop , and mano-a-mano duels with mops drenched in urine , then this is for you .
While for some The Love Guru may feel as though its gags were forced and unworthy as a script of pure hilarity , those same opponents will find themselves either secretly snickering or outright chortling in a seat-bouncing fashion .
Nobody , apparently , told Myers he was doing a one-note character with a funny voice that would n't make a good ` Saturday Night Live ' sketch , let alone an 88-minute movie .
The endless winks at the camera look more desperate , the jokes at Troyer 's expense seem more tasteless .
Is this a trial balloon for a new comedy franchise or for Myers ' post-movie stardom career as the next Dr. Phil ?
Mike Myers is anti-comedy ... that is , if one presumes comedy ought to be smart , new , surprising or , yes , funny .
The road taken by The Love Guru could hardly be lower , and leads nowhere .
A bomb like this is a career killer , and Myers ' is set to blow .
Myers ' Pitka is the stealthiest of holy rollers : he makes you roar just when you think he 's going to hell in a hand basket .
The movie just barely works because it 's so sure of the buoyant appeal of its title character .
At least it does n't waste any time . At somewhere near the 30-second mark , it gets right down to business , and that business is the kind of humor that does n't usually get named in this paper .
Mike Myers ' new comedy , The Love Guru , is a disappointment , but it 's not a disaster , and that 's at least something .
The picture , written by Myers and Graham Gordy and directed by Marco Schnabel -LRB- no relation to Julian -RRB- , is listless and pokey , chiefly because watching Myers in this particular guise is almost completely joyless .
The worse the joke is , the greater the manic gleam in Myers ' eyes . He 's trying to sell setups he probably knows are n't funny , and the strain can be hard to watch .
The frustrating thing about the movie is that it contains moment of comedy that verge on inspired , but they are too infrequent to justify the running length .
Myers shamelessly steals from himself .
It 's vintage Myers , with an outrageous , broadly played character borrowed from Peter Sellers , silly makeup , bad puns , innuendo , the occasional pause for song and dance and Myers ' ongoing obsession with little people .
This feeble spoof of self-help spiritualism is atrocious and inanely tedious .
The comedian really climbs out on this particular limb -- a limb so far from the tree , it might have given Peter Sellers pause .
At 88 minutes , The Love Guru would have benefited from a trim of roughly 80 minutes .
The real insult to higher consciousness is that Love Guru 's humor is about as mature as strained carrots .
-LSB- I -RSB- s n't merely endlessly crude : it 's also dishonest and contemptuous of itself ...
Let 's not pussyfoot around : The Love Guru is an atrocious , idiotic 88 minutes of anti-entertainment .
A comedy of low blows and elephantine misfires .
The Love Guru is less a movie than a collection of related gags heaved at the screen . It 's a mess , but an affable one .
When the comedy is short of sublime , it is more often sophomorically silly -LRB- and I 'll confess right here to a weakness for horrible puns , though your mileage may vary -RRB- .
This is dangerous advice for a writer to give -LRB- talk about glass houses -RRB- , but Mike Myers needs an editor . He needs someone with a fat red pen to scratch out a few of his worst bad habits .
For a comic genius , Mike Myers sure aims low .
You might look at this movie and see a lot of talent in service to low humor . But chances are , you 'll be laughing too hard to notice .
When Pitka ends his bite-size lessons with ` TM , ' we should understand it 's not meditation but branding he 's after .
Myers -- who used to be funny -- sticks his head in a toilet and then tries to give the audience a big , sloppy kiss .
Juvenile . Strained . This baggy tale of a loopy Deepak Chopra wannabe is all that and then some . The thing is it 's also pretty funny as long as you know what you 're in for .
What links all these characters is Myers 's gift for antic , elfin burlesque . He 's like a second-best Peter Sellers .
With its scatological humor , penis jokes , feeble puns , and middle-school ideal of love , this Mike Myers vehicle exemplifies American comedy 's continuing slide into infantilism .
Things are so bad here that the few good ideas seem brilliant .
To judge from the crowd reaction , a phalanx of true believers might , indeed , go along for the ride , but newcomers to the Mike Myers experience will leave this love train early .
Outdated , unfunny , juvenile and at times downright perplexing , the intended New Age satire comes off more like an over-expensive schoolyard prank ; bathroom graffiti come to life across an 86-minute , patience-straining running time .
But at least it 's better than the trailer . There is that .
The kind of complete mess that makes a critic question the other `` lowest possible '' ratings he 's given , because those films , honestly , were n't nearly this bad .
Both frantic and tedious , The Love Guru piles on the slapdash offenses .
Mike Myers channels his inner Benny Hill for the endlessly juvenile comedy The Love Guru
The Love Guru is n't really about spiritual well-being or hockey ; it 's about Myers ' mistaken belief that the comedic possibilities of male genitalia are endless .
For his transgressions , Mike Myers will be reincarnated as a dung beetle .
... a gigantic egg , though no one looks more pleased with it than Myers .
A fairly pedestrian , slap-dash piece of work but the tone is so light and goofy that it 's difficult to imagine anyone getting offended by its onslaught of bathroom humor , penis gags , midget jokes , elephant sex , and Hindu-flavored satire .
Against my better judgment , against my hardened presumptions going in , against all that is right and holy and decent in the universe , I have to admit that I % u2026ahem % u2026actually liked The Love Guru .
Sorry , time 's up . The final buzzer has gone on our spirited game of Spot the Laugh .
The Love Guru is downright antifunny , an experience that makes you wonder if you will ever laugh again .
The movie not only violates the Law of Funny Names -LRB- which are usually not funny -RRB- , but rips it from the Little Movie Glossary and tramples it into the ice .
Believe me , I 'm as surprised as you are that I wound up sort of enjoying it .
What it does n't have is anything actually funny or relevant .
The Love Guru is creatively awful . The feeling you derive from this dud is comparable to swallowing a bottle of bulky Viagra pills while nursing an inflamed strep throat .
These are the sort of things that make you giggle at three in the morning , but you do n't put them in your movie . Not if you want your movie to not suck .
I might have lost my entire college education watching this and it might be the dumbest film I have ever seen but I ca n't hide the fact that I was laughing hysterically .
Myers approaches the material along the lines of a nine-year-old child who has just heard his first dirty jokes and will not rest until he has made sure that he has repeated them to everyone he knows .
Somewhere , sitting in a room cluttered with Mr. Pibb cans and half-consumed bags of Funyuns is the adolescent writing staff responsible for The Love Guru
The film has no discernible rhythm , little in the way of wit , and the plot plays like Myers considered it an unpleasant obligation .
Non-stop naughty-body-part references with a level of humor more appropriate on a 4th grade bathroom wall than a Hollywood screenplay .
If Mike Myers is obsessed with poop , pee and penises , that 's his problem ; if audiences make him rich for playing that out on-screen , then it becomes ours .
It 's a silly spoof that is occasionally funny but grows tedious with excessive mugging and bad punning .
Under a new name and equally aggressive ethnic branding , Austin Powers is alive again .
Even if he is trying to find peace in his current banality , it does n't make The Love Guru any easier to watch .
Ninety minutes pass like an eternity .
We get it , Mike : testicles are hilarious . Move on , please .
No amount of mugging can salvage a collection of scattershot jokes clothes-pinned to such a slender plot . It 's one thing to parody a cowboy or a detective or a spy , but is there a cultural consensus on what 's funny about Third World spiritualists ?
Although a bit uneven , The Love Guru scores more guffaws than clunkers , though parents should take the PG-13 rating seriously .
Pop-culture riffing , winking double entendres , scatological humor , and silly names are n't just the foremost weapons in Myers ' comic arsenal , they 're all he 's got .
This tale of a guru who brings joy to all who meet him is the most joy-draining 88 minutes I 've ever spent outside a hospital waiting room .
It 's pretty dull and painfully unfunny , and it almost makes you long for the return of his irksome Austin Powers character .
Mike Myers ' catastrophe is a paramount test of enlightenment . Smiling beatifically during each painfully unfunny gag demands more inner-strength than jogging through lava .
In reality , The Love Guru is n't likely to offend anyone -- save , perhaps , audiences that prefer their comedy sophisticated , not sophomoric , and devoid of references to bodily functions .
Thus Myers marries his two passions -LRB- hockey and not being funny -RRB- into one noxious ball .
Early on in the movie , Myers ' guru character , Pitka , is doing yoga and literally sticks his head up his own rear end . There could be no more apt metaphor for what ensues onscreen
The jokes in the movie are just as dumb as the ones in the trailer , but what does n't come across in a two-minute preview is just how many there are . It 's an avalanche of dirty puns , and what it lacks in ingenuity it makes up for , almost , in sheer volume .
We 're talking 15 or 20 minutes of decent material . The movie runs a little longer than that .
Planning on seeing it ? You may well recoil from sports comedies , Bollywood musicals , self-help spiritualists , puns -- even characters with beards -- for the foreseeable future .
Took a lot of cheap shots at Indian culture . Myers went way too far and the sad thing was he was n't even funny about it .
The Love Guru scrapes bottom for laughs , resorting to pop-culture jokes -LRB- Lindsay , Britney -RRB- , weak musical numbers -LRB- Dolly Parton 's ' 9 to 5 ' on sitar -RRB- and , most abysmally , the sight of two elephants doing it .
This half-baked attempt to create a feature film around a riff on Deepak Chopra finds Mike Myers lost in Powers .
Unlike Dr. Evil , who was n't afraid to be unlikable , Pitka 's schtick is one giant cry for acceptance -- eccentric but not challenging , therapeutic but not cathartic -- which is absolute death to comedy .
Laughs forgive a lot . Just ask Judd Apatow . But when the funniest line in the movie is an outtake from Verne Troyer , you 've got problems .
Mike Myers likes ice hockey . He also likes Deepak Chopra , a little bit too much . So he pulled together a bit of hockey and a whole lot of Chopra and called it a plot .
Hello , police ? I 'd like to report a mugging . Oh , it was horrible , horrible ! Yes , I 'm safe now . The mugging took place in a movie theatre , but I fear the mugger will strike again !
More painful than sitting next to an Austin Powers impersonator during a 12-hour flight .
Love is n't the right word to describe the feelings generated by this Guru .
Mike Myers is so spirited , good-natured and clearly having a blast being a goofball that it 's almost impossible not to be won over .
written as though it had been tossed off rink-side in the first 10 minutes after the author had been hit in the head with a puck . Hard .
It took Mike Myers five years to come up with this ?
Myers wants us all to love him , wants us all to be in on his jokes . But love and laughs are earned , not given just because you mug for the camera behind a wild wig and beard .
Not only does the film stumble badly from one skit to another , the skits themselves have too much dead air .
Unless I 'm watching a DVD or a Saturday Night Live rerun , I do n't ever want to see Mike Myers again .
Offensive , revolting and jawdropingly awful from beginning to end , a complete and total piece of Singularly Horrid Infantile Trash -LRB- TM -RRB- .
Has the feel of a Mike Myers vanity production with bathroom jokes that most of us outgrew before we got to high school .
... a failed stew made up of mugging , penis jokes , horrible puns , and feel-good mantras .
The Love Guru is so relentlessly juvenile as to merit a new twist on the PG-13 rating -- one that strongly cautions not only those under 13 but anyone much above it , too .
A sketch stretched to the limits of a feature , Love Guru , yet another Myers fish out of water comic creation -LRB- spoofing ashrams and gurus -RRB- , is so silly , shallow , and harmless that despite being stereotypical should not stir controversy or offend anyone










@highlight

The Love Guru features far too many gross-out gags , and too few earned laughs , ranking as one of Mike Myers ' poorest outings .