Perks hits on a kind of universal nostalgia for the teenage years ... without blunting the sharp , dark edges it simultaneously imparts .
In spite of its downer of an opening act , the film achieves instant lift-off the very moment Charlie falls in with the out crowd .
It understands how adolescence is a period of anxieties provoked by prosaic desires . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
What it gets right is so right that the occasional clunky piece of dialogue or the slip of an accent is n't enough to derail a lovely piece of cinema .
Satisfying enough to delight younger audience members , and maybe win over a few older ones , too .
It 's been a while since a movie captured so colorfully the comedy , tragedy , angst , and exuberance of adolescence .
`` Like real teenagers , Watson and Miller convincingly move from glowing objects of desire to comic relief to deeply troubled human beings . ''
Bravely delves into issues of incest , depression , homophobia and most hauntingly , death . And rarely does any of it feel fake .
One of the absolute best films about surviving High School ever made .
A modern masterpiece ...
Stephen Chbosky 's The Perks of Being a Wallflower is one of the best coming-of-age stories I 've seen in years , thanks to his enduring and truthful script .
The Perks of Being a Wallflower flutters with the excitement and terror that comes in being young and trying to find your way .
Boasts one of 2012 's best live-wire performances in the form of Ezra Miller 's exuberantly gay high school senior .
This profound story of love and friendship is apparently fiction , but it sure comes across with the power of a true story . It seems a lot truer to me than some based-on-fact movies like ` Argo . '
While most films about teenage life tend to trade on a nifty hook , and sometimes even a plot , The Perks of Being a Wallflower chimes in as an unusually incisive , character-driven ramble through the inevitable awkwardness of teen life .
Logan Lerman is outstanding in this well done coming of age tale .
Rings inauthentic throughout .
The Perks of Being a Wallflower is funny , nostalgic , heartfelt and sweet , and so vivid it will practically make you feel the warm summer wind in your hair .
I think for a first film this guy who wrote the book and has adapted it for the screen has done a terrific job and I really found these characters sympathetic .
Something 's missing in this film . It just feels constructed and flat . And I found the casting uninspired as well .
Even making allowances for a certain amount of Hollywood gloss , there 's something wrong with a film about misfits where everyone is this good-looking and poised .
A stellar adaptation and a beautifully crafted coming-of-age tale that comes wrapped in all the promise and possibility of adolescence .
A funny , heartfelt if admittedly formulaic feature that boasts first rate performances and a genuine affection for its characters .
Miller and Watson are in their element here , helping to shore up Chbosky 's sophomore effort , which is likely to offer a pivotal moment in time for its leads .
Chbosky 's adaptation from his semi-autobiographical best selling novel is a zinger of a screenplay , and he directs it with verve and sensitivity . Charlie 's journey is beautifully conveyed and it 's done without sentimen
Funny and sad , involving and moving , this quirkily named film with its mixed cocktail of characters offers more than you expect
Humbling experience and despite whatever generation you hark from there is the common ground of having lived through those teenage years and this film revels in those magic moments and the people that help form who we are .
It 's adolescent life , without the gloss but the resonant joy of freeze-framed fist pumps .
The only misfire involves the trio 's search for a mystery song . The fact that this shower has heard of Nick Drake but not David Bowie is really beyond belief .
... parents and teens might not want to watch it together , but they sure will want to talk about it afterwards .
One of the year 's most agreeable surprises on every level .
A dewy early 1990s coming-of-age tale that is remarkable for its sensitivity and earnestness , even if its post-Salinger stations of the cross are almost entirely familiar .
Earnest and eclectic , the innate compassion of Stephen Chbosky 's young adult novel elevates it above other coming-of-age dramas .
The bottom line is there are many perks to The Perks of Being a Wallflower .
Is it a tale of first love , traumatized youths , loss of innocence or ... all of the above ?
Where Chbosky does score is in conveying the joyful release teenagers feel on finding themselves and finding their soul-mate peers - something his characters do with the aid of the emotional touchstones provided by British post-punk classics .
Once Lerman finds his footing , he carries the film with just the right amounts of nuance , charm and angst .
It will become one of those movies this generation turns to when it wants to say , `` This is how it was for us , and this is how we survived it . '' For teenagers - and those of us who were teenagers once - it 's truly remarkable .
Filmmaker Chbosky constructs a tight , confined microcosm for them where the outside world never intrudes .
Perks seems like the work of a much more experienced director , maintaining fidelity to the source material without sacrificing any cinematic qualities , triggering genuine sentimentality and nostalgia through interaction between sound and image .
Spikier than the average coming-of-age movie , this astute comedy-drama is packed with memorable characters and resonant situations . It 's also strikingly intelligent , refusing to accept Hollywood 's fake moralising . And even better , it 's funny and sexy .
What exactly are the perks of being a wallflower ? Chbosky 's as short on answers as he is on vowels .
It 's all rather obvious and familiar , but well enough acted .
Ezra Miller commits cinema larceny , stealing this movie from everyone .
There 's a lot to like about Perks , but I just could n't shake the feeling that much like its main character , this movie is little more than an empty shell .
Chbosky creates a rich and authentic portrait of high-school bohemians , searching for freedom in the stifling environment of adolescent conformity .
The notoriously-perilous journey through late adolescence is at the heart of this ambitious child-to-adult drama .
Chbosky directs the movie with the care and conviction of someone who knows that this is his big story being told once and for all .
Whether or not the problems of these upper-middle-class , arty , would-be hipsters reflect your own teen experience , there is a kind of unmistakable genius in the way it taps the universal heightened reality of adolescence .
Sensitive teens and their older kin who pine for the '90s may want to take it for a spin on the dance floor .
Regardless of the viewer 's proximity to his or her own high school experience , `` Perks '' seems to get it right , precisely because it 's not about a specific time or place .
Seek out the infinitely superior The Myth of the American Sleepover for an original and moving take on similar material .
The movie has its moments of soap-opera excitement , but it has all the substance of a teenage strop , and none of the energy .
Has some nice touches and makes nice use of the passing seasons , but ca n't ever manage to tap into the universal center of the story .
A perky comedy with a few high-flying perceptions , mostly licensed to Watson , who acts with the freedom of a Hogwarts escapee who has finally outrun the dogs .
Teenage wallflowers , past and present alike , will feel tingles of recognition , and pure pleasure .
It 's over-familiar stuff and the characters talk in pretentious teen speak -LRB- `` I feel infinite '' -RRB- but scenes and characters linger in the memory .
Chbosky brings genuine feeling to his variation on teenage angst and unrequited love , developing soulful characters and a funny but melancholy narrative .
A coming-of-age film for the ages , Perks will charm even ardent cynics , with a rousing script , breathless soundtrack , and three stunning performances , particularly from the enormously talented Ezra Miller .
-LRB- The movie is -RRB- set in 1991 , in a small town where high school culture is a John Hughes movie , with all the confusion , '80s music and hip ennui that implies .
The real strength of the film though lies in its authenticity . There are many scenes , characters , details and interactions that you 'll swear have been lifted from your very own adolescent years .
It 's quite sweet , quite funny and quite moving . There 's just not enough of anything for it to really work .
Enjoyable and emotionally engaging coming-of-age teen drama with a superb soundtrack , a sensitive , sharply written script and a trio of terrific performances from Lerman , Miller and Watson .
The leading trio and soapily watchable tone make it worth coming out of your room for .
It might not be a massive hit , but it will certainly ease a few paths through the awkwardness of adolescence .
Its romance regarding the significance of teen experience might not work on everyone , but its earnestness , wit and stirring music ought to leave few hearts wholly untouched .
An honest , affection-hooking , coming-of-age drama which proves that there is life beyond Hogwarts for Emma Watson .
Watson holds her own with a character more annoying on paper than in reality , but it 's the boys who most impress ...
The freshest and most heartfelt teen-angst to come along since `` Easy A. '' -LRB- Stephen -RRB- Chbosky directs with sensitive confidence and wrings impressive work out of his young leads .
Has such recognisably realistic characters that we ca n't help but be taken back to a pivotal time when the future looked bright . But it seemed impossible to get there
It 's an earnest indie about a troubled teen , Charlie -LRB- Logan Lerman -RRB- , and his various troubled confederates -- but it does demonstrate that Watson can stand on her own .
Observe the white , middle-class American Catholic teenager in his natural habitat ... Though we have , perhaps , never flaunted the fetching eyelashes and perfect skin of these curious creatures ... have we not , in a sense , been there ?
The Perks of Being a Wallflower . Ripe dramatic material , but Chbosky surrounds his hurting characters with the cinematic equivalent of a hug circle -- which is sweet , but rather antithetical to tension-building .
An exploration of troubled teenagers as well as counter-cultural angst that , because of its commitment to the ugly side of truth , is rife with honesty and captivating drama .
A muddled creation blessed with unique emotional sincerity , yet cursed with loose ends and poorly defined characters , huddled into a precious creation that might test the patience of those with a sensitivity to effusive teen melodrama .
High school can be hell , but Stephen Chbosky 's engaging new film argues that anyone can get by with a little help from their friends .
Somehow , these imperfections fit . Somehow , `` The Perks of Being a Wallflower '' should n't be flawless .
The movie 's perfectly understated , warts-and-all sense of time and place will send any suburban Gen Xer in the audience flashing right back to their less-cautious days , when mix tapes did heavy lifting as calling cards .
This somewhat disjointed but refreshingly earnest movie ultimately establishes itself as a charmer .
This is clearly a labor of love that was nurtured and sculpted from the beginning . The result is a film that feels exhilarating , fragile , funny and real .
Well-soaked in the familiar brine of teen sensitivity .
The Perks of Being a Wallflower will not be for everyone , but for those it affects , it affects greatly . I love it unreservedly , and feel it is one of the very best films of 2012 .
An instant high school classic , this film truly captures the grand spirit of the novel .
There 's a certain tangible quality to the way Chbosky puts his characters and dialogue up on the screen that makes the film seem fresh and occasionally quite touching . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
One of the truest coming-of-age films in recent memory .
It has a sense of timelessness .
It deserves to be regarded as a modern classic .
If -LSB- it -RSB- does n't explore any new territory , it covers familiar ground engagingly , and sometimes touchingly .
Here 's how to make sure your novel arrives on screen with its soul intact : adapt and direct it yourself .
As a director , Chbosky mirrors his central character 's emotional state .
`` The Perks of Being a Wallflower '' finds an unexpectedly moving freshness in the old clichés by remaining attentive to the nuances of what happens within and between unhappy teenagers .
The most pleasant and accomplished surprise of the year , a delightful , sweet , funny , and moving examination of teenage life that merits comparison to John Hughes and Cameron Crowe .
Stephen Chbosky 's script is insightful about the exhilaration of soul-piercing first love , and the misery of being swept into a relationship with someone who 's forceful , determined and utterly wrong for you .
Takes the other side of the bullied high-school outcast story and shows us a teen who discovers the fun of belonging .
Verbal play and smartass-ery weaves through Wallflower , but it 's of the predictable variety rather than the wryly observant commentary we 'd hope for , like when a bored teen drawls : `` That works on so many levels . ''
This big-screen adaptation , written and directed by Chbosky , does n't advance the source material , though it preserves the book 's sensitive tone and affectionate characterizations .
Unlike many movies about teenagers , `` The Perks of Being a Wallflower '' does them the favor of taking them seriously .
A beautiful , realistic , heartfelt comedy/drama , with a trio of standout performances .
The book and movie 's key line , ` We accept the love we think we deserve , ' rings true in any age .
What makes it close to a classic is the idea that . . we 'll warm to the best moments of our adolescent past and revel in every romantic memory , but we 'll also cling to the ones that scarred us .
All of my previous selves still survive somewhere inside of me , and my previous adolescent would have loved `` The Perks of Being a Wallflower . ''
There is an honesty to `` The Perks of Being a Wallflower , '' a genuineness of experience that makes the movie soar when it just as easily could have stumbled .
A universal tale of growing up as an outsider .
It is the remarkable Logan Lerman who negotiates his journey to Charlie 's self-discovery with so much dignity and vulnerability that he steals every scene and carries the picture .
Nice youth pic about an early - '90s high-school freshman misfit benefits from an avalanche of period rock hits and pleasing performances .
Logan Lerman makes you completely forgive and forget Percy Jackson . You are with him from start to finish in this fantastic adaptation . This is a very popular book that I think will be a popular film because it just does everything right .
I always root for these kids like this . You want them to fit in and have a good experience . It 's what this movie does to you ; it 's so full of life and spirit but it can also get real dark in places . A lot like going on a date with Mark Ellis .
It 's funny without resorting to broad slapstick , and it 's poignant without settling for cheap sentimentality .
Book-based drama for mature teens tackles tough subjects .
Charlie 's personality relaxes yet moves you , and you 'll take some of that sensation with you when you leave the theater .
An occasionally funny , sometimes grim and all-in-all fairly adult look at privileged kids with sometimes awful lives , marred by abuse , drugs , depression , bullying and homophobia .
One of the most honest and assured teen dramas in recent memory .
It 's a movie that captures what your teenage years are like when you 're in them , and what your teenage years are like when you look back at them .
Aside from offering a prime showcase to Harry Potter 's Emma Watson ... and her male costars , the movie manages to capture the book 's deeply-felt emotions about growing up as a social misfit .
A movie that makes teenage isolation and high-school torment seem like fresh subjects again .
A touching and consistently witty story about a fateful year of high school .
There 's a lot to like about The Perks of Being a Wallflower , but Chbosky has some growing up to do before he steps behind the camera again .
`` The Perks of Being a Wallflower '' is the sort of lower - budget personal film you hardly see being released by a major distributor anymore , except during awards season .
The best perks of Perks come from the ragtag band of young actors , particularly Ezra Miller 's theatrical Patrick , who exhibits a giddy , anarchic teen spirit that masks a most profound sorrow .
Feels warm and genuinely affectionate in a way that 's impossible to manufacture . You 've seen this story before , but maybe not populated with personalities this fully realized and alive .
Writer-director Stephen Chbosky 's adaptation of his novel is so infused with honey-glazed recollections of suburban Pittsburgh in the early '90s that it suffocates .
Likable , unsurprising and principally a showcase for the pretty young cast , notably Mr. Miller , who brings texture to his witty if sensitive gay quipster .
Thanks to -LSB- Chbosky 's -RSB- stars , the film - like the book - is a smartly observed study of a troubled teen 's first year in high school .
High school is a messy , shocking , and occasionally beautiful experience . So is ` Perks . '
... it 's Miller 's movie - he 's an original , unafraid to let his freak flag fly and his presence is exhilarating .
While there are humorous and poignant moments , this angst-filled story of tender kisses , awkward dances , friends drifting apart , kindly English teachers , unrequited crushes and drug-addled partying has a nagging sense of deja vu .
It 's populated by characters who are just too good to be plausible .
Screenwriter/director Chbosky deserves credit for insisting on adapting a story he knows best , and he takes a heartfelt , if hardly visionary , approach .
The rousing coming-of-age journey of a shy , smart , and sensitive high-school freshman who emerges from his shell to savor life .
Perks deserves points for going beyond the typical coming-of-age drivel aimed at teens . Logan Lerman excels as Charlie and Emma Watson makes a dream girl to die for , but the movie is stolen , head to tail , by Ezra Miller .
Stephen Chbosky has created an intensely honest and personal look at high school friendships and first love , full of entertaining retro fun and deeply poignant moments .
A graceful and beguiling drama adapted from Stephen Chbosky 's 1999 novel ...
The best teen film since JUNO .
`` The Perks of Being a Wallflower , '' may not do anything groundbreaking , but it tells a familiar story in small , thoughtful ways .
An earnest , big-hearted ode to friends as support and salvation , and to the talismanic quality a favorite song , treasured hang-out , or shared tradition can take on for a teenager .
-LSB- The -RSB- characters , though familiar , become multidimensional and transcend stereotypes and the hot-button issues .
Fact is , much as you and I might want to protest that we were cooler than these kids , wherever and whenever we did our growing up , we probably were n't .
It 's sad , funny , warm , and nostalgic - kind of like high school , really .
The greatest perk of being a real Wallflower is that at least you do n't get stuck watching a movie about one .
You can feel Chbosky 's blood , sweat and tears oozing out of this highly personal project , but that holy trinity of fluids is n't enough to wash away the sense that you 've seen this before-many , many , many times .
I found the ultimate ` statement ' of Wallflower to be a humane and encouraging one that the movie manages to deliver without getting overly precious .
It 's nostalgia with an emphasis on nostos , pain .
A risible , somewhat revolting piece of pop martyrdom , made for and isolated to the damaged middle class .
This is what drama is all about , characters just behaving . They can bring all the pain and joy a movie needs if they 're not wasting time explaining why they 're doing everything .
This beautifully written , directed and acted gem belongs with the handful of classics in the high school genre
It 's all frightfully familiar - as if teens sitting around the campfire need to be told the same story every night - until the last 15 mins. , when this Cocoa Puffs movie reveals an underlayer of arsenic .
First-time writer-director Stephen Chbosky adapts his young-adult bestseller with far more passion than skill , which suits familiar scenes of adolescent awkwardness aptly enough .
It is smart , it is delicately made , and it is played perfectly by its young ensemble cast .
Chbosky ca n't reinvent the characters he created for the screen , but he 's definitely done right by them .
Chbosky has , for the most part , done an absolutely note-perfect job of bringing this story to the big screen ...
The Perks of Being a Wallflower '' captures the phenomenon of high school with all the tenderness and horror it deserves .
Heartfelt but rather generic .
A whooping , leaping carnival of shouting about your difference in the faces of all those jocks and squares who never even heard of Sonic Youth .
-LSB- Ezra Miller -RSB- is a major talent and , I suspect , this role will make him a significant star .
Chbosky plays this CW serial stuff for maximum earnestness , stressing the teenage tendency to assume that every new thing they 're feeling is unprecedented in human history , keeping the tone just-moist-eyed throughout .

@highlight

The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a heartfelt and sincere adaptation that 's bolstered by strong lead performances .