Sully is too bland to be worthy of the talent of the great Clint -LSB- Eastwood -RSB- , but that does n't stop it from being a good movie . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A purposeful argument in favor of a dying breed : the durable , honorable American male .
In our too-often juvenile , preening culture , this is a story that celebrates grown-up ideals such as responsibility , personal initiative , and the integrity of doing a job well regardless of accolades or rewards .
Captain Sullenberger may not have sought the limelight , but he more than deserved it , and Sully is a fitting testament to his humble courage .
Sully is a man of honor , who refuses to define himself as a hero after the act of heroism he starred in . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Tom Hanks -LSB- has n't -RSB- fit a role so perfectly in a long time .
As tension builds inside the pilot who made headlines ... so does the tension build in this film by director Clint Eastwood . Before you know it , you 're wrapped up in the drama ... .
Eastwood 's cinema , notwithstanding its narrow thematic range , generates ideological and emotional complexity , even on a seemingly simple narrative foundation , through a dialectical approach .
Sully unexpectedly feels like the natural follow-up and perfect companion piece to Clint Eastwood 's previous directorial effort in the polarizing but nonetheless Oscar-nominated American Sniper
Director Clint Eastwood , brings his story to the big screen with the mushy simplicity of creamed corn .
Sully saved lives and for that he almost lost his pension . This detailed drama tells you why .
Hanks is fantastic as Sully . In fact , this is a fantastic film . Go watch it .
Even with its slightly convenient climax , Sully makes a strong comment on its subject .
If 9/11 was the day when everything went wrong in New York , this -- albeit on a smaller scale -- is the day when everything goes right . It 's the stark , life-affirming contrast that gives this film its unexpected emotional power .
Competent adequately describes it . Go for the acting , the contrived drama is nothing to cheer .
There are touching moments , and there are frustrating ones , but ultimately if you enjoy the dramatic moodiness that Eastwood evokes , you too will find enjoyment .
With a documentary style , Eastwood does a magnificent job of eavesdropping on Sully and Stiles ' interaction , of balancing information with emotion .
The flight and its landing are depicted transparently and without fuss . Your knuckles will be white all the same .
Sully is an inspiring story that did n't need any added drama
... What Eastwood , Hanks , and company show is the humanity beneath the spectacle .
Lo , the multitudes -LRB- excepting the unwashed disciples of indie films -RRB- rejoice in the One Tom 's espousal of the American Way once again , for it inspires them to save the day in their abodes and workplaces .
Goodness , generosity , valor , courage . Make America great again ? Guess what . It already is .
It 's ironic that a movie being advertised as ` the story you did n't know ' is actually at its best -LRB- ... -RRB- when it 's showing us the story we do know , namely the events of that cold afternoon in New York , on January 15th , 2009 .
Tom Hanks is , of course , a national treasure and every part , down to the smallest one , is perfectly cast .
Sully is an entertaining movie that will please the hunger of happy moments . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Though Sully does n't push too far outside the boundaries of its genre , it still manages to be a subtle , understated representation of a very grandiose achievement .
Just like Flight 1549 itself , Sully starts off fine but does n't quite seem to land exactly as planned .
A film about civil heroism , declining its foundations and seeds towards the collective feat , towards the sense of duty and epic discretion , with a final sparkling smile from the copilot . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Sully '' is completely engrossing .
This is a picture that works on multiple levels and proves to be a pleasant , powerful surprise on every one .
As generous an actor as -LSB- Hanks -RSB- usually is , here he 's sacrificed any chance of personal plaudits on the film 's behalf .
Eastwood elicits Oscar-worthy performances from Hanks and Eckhart .
Clint Eastwood 's often-pretty-good Sully is highlighted by the self-effacing underacting of Tom Hanks as Chesley Sullenberger .
No one plays no-nonsense heroes like Tom Hanks and no director admires them quite so much as Clint Eastwood .
A film that generates tension without going through the easy paths of sentimentality and moralistic discourse , even though we know the outcome beforehand . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Forgettable , drab , basic cable fodder screaming for Oscar recognition until the very end .
Sully is about the man who landed the plane on the Hudson . Who better for Chesley `` Sully '' Sullenberger than Tom Hanks in white hair and matching moustache ?
Any lingering doubts that Clint Eastwood was at the top of his game as one of America 's premier film directors are swept away by his taut , compelling retelling of the forced landing on New York 's Hudson River in which 155 lives were saved .
Sully is sincere , simple , and most important , a good tribute to a really kind man , those who make you think of the real concept of heroism . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Tom -RSB- Hanks plays Sully with the kind of bedrock decency and sincere modesty that he does better than anyone on screen today .
Eastwood renders the well-documented event and astonishing outcome as tense and immediate .
A classic and remarkably sober film with an excellent performance by Tom Hanks . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sully needs a character , but especially a plot . It 's no accident that Eastwood decides to put a long landing sequence , as if sensing that the drama of the film will not catch our attention . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- The film has -RSB- a second act of dubious heroism in which there is far more crash than take-off .
With a fantastic performance from Tom Hanks , skilled direction from Clint Eastwood , and a strong script from Todd Kamarnicki , Sully becomes a compelling telling of an incredible true story .
A simple but emotive tribute to a man who only complied with doing his job well . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Another example of Eastwood 's unique talent , with excellent performances by Tom Hanks and Aaron Eckhart . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A precise and tempered portrait of the pilot played by Tom Hanks , where Eastwood brilliantly exploits and demolishes the figure of the hero . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's a lack of fuss in the no-nonsense 96 minutes that capture something fascinating about the workaday nature of piloting an airplane , even one in a moment of crisis .
Tom Hanks deserves the most plaudits for presenting a powerful characterisation of a man that has become a legend .
In Sully , Eastwood discovers a character who , regardless of the nomination granted by a nation , earns the title of hero by his way of dealing with adversity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Tom Hanks , a Star Trek fan , may appreciate the irony that his movie resembles a remake of the 1989 Next Generation episode , `` Booby Trap '' .
This is sharp , focused and quality film making . Sit back and enjoy the flight . Capt. Hanks has everything fully under control in this a skillfully told and engaging effort .
It may not be one of Eastwood 's iconic films , however , manages good solvency levels , going beyond being a disaster that I thought it would be . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In the most recent Eastwood 's film , Hanks reaffirms that he 's remarkably talented in the interpretation of ordinary men in extraordinary situations . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The director manages to maintain a solid narrative and orchestrates action scenes with precision ; Sully 's visions and flashbacks are timely and flawless . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In teaming up with Clint Eastwood to portray heroic pilot Captain Chesley ` Sully ' Sullenberger , Hanks yet again shows that when it comes to depicting ordinary men in extraordinary circumstances .
It 's perfectly paced and looks magnificent , with a scale and grandeur that perfectly fits the subject . The landing itself is superbly realised , and made me glad I wo n't be flying anywhere any time soon .
Eastwood scales back his style and rhetoric this time around , though not his earnestness .
Eastwood steers the story with deceptive expertise while Hanks gives a peerless study in unassuming heroism as his character , Sully , makes one of the most extraordinary escapes in aviation history as if it was all in a day 's work .
The real drama lasted less than ten minutes . Yet still the film unfolds like a thriller , and a grippingly good one , for which Eastwood must share credit with his screenwriter , Todd Komarnicki , and with his star , Tom Hanks .
Eastwood handles the action sequences with the same cool-headed efficiency as Sully brought to his piloting - you suspect that Eastwood felt a kinship with this no-frills , no-nonsense man who was just doing his job .
One of 2016 's very best .
Eastwood is not a showy filmmaker and almost everyone on the planet will know the movie 's outcome . That makes it all the more remarkable that there are plenty of white-knuckle moments .
-LSB- Eastwood has -RSB- found a true story which demonstrates his beliefs , and tells it faithfully . Aged 86 , he 's made one of his most symptomatic films .
Sully rates among Eastwood 's best movies as a director , while marking another personal acting triumph for Hanks .
The ultimate anti-disaster movie . A supremely gripping and powerfully emotional film about , paradoxically , what happens when everything works as it should .
Tom Hanks delivers a very good performance , as always . It manages to transmit courage , skill and even the fears of the captain turning it into a beloved character . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This film seems to be one of the most unusual moments in Eastwood 's career , paradoxically in one of his more conventional films . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Where the film succeeds in a big way - aside from casting Hanks and Eckhart - is the recreation of the emergency landing itself and its immediate aftermath : it 's thrilling , heart-in-mouth stuff .
How do you make a full-length feature film about the `` miracle on the Hudson '' , dramatic and inspiring as it may be ? Easy . You get Clint Eastwood , 86 , to direct .
While it stumbles along the way it does seem to do justice to the core precept , that the key to any situation like this that 's to be celebrated are the very human decisions that get made to save the day
As a study of the man it 's named after Sully barely scratches the surface , but when you 're dealing with a story this remarkable and you 've got a game Tom Hanks on board surface is enough .
It 's testament to Clint Eastwood 's eye for tension , Tom Hanks and yet another sterling support performance from Aaron Eckhart that this is as good as it is .
It might n't be exciting enough for some viewers , but Hanks is a big presence and carries this one home with great skill and composure .
Eastwood 's smartest move is to cast Tom Hanks as Sully . Hanks is our James Stewart , bringing so much warmth and sincerity to the screen that we instantly feel at ease with him .
Even a likable and authoritative performance from Tom Hanks ca n't keep this movie in the air .
Obviously only one man could play such a solid figure of American heroism : Tom Hanks .
A film that speaks of the hero as an essential sum of his society and the bureaucracy as a hindrance to heroism . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sully is a satisfying and -LRB- at times -RRB- exciting recount of the Miracle on the Hudson . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sully is the kind of film that Howard Hawks might have made in times gone by . It 's a tale of quiet , unfussy heroism ; of highly trained professionals doing their jobs in the most challenging circumstances imaginable .
What sticks with you is Eastwood and Hanks ' surprisingly unsentimental approach to what is an extraordinary act of heroism .
Eastwood 's solidity and austerity is overwhelming in a film full of tension , elegance , fluidity and intelligence . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sully may not be up there with Hanks ' and Eastwood 's classics but it 's an efficient and brisk 96 minutes that , like Sully himself , simply does the job that is asked of it .
Sullenberger 's heroics made for a great news story , now , in the capable hands of director and star , they are the foundations for a riveting , cinematic drama .
Eastwood 's message that no good deed goes unpunished feels misplaced , but for the crash sequences and Hanks ' turn it 's worthwhile . But for goodness ' sake , do n't watch it on a plane .
Sully is a skilfully made reconstruction of a recent real-life feat of heroic professionalism . But narrative tension is sorely lacking .
Sully is a beautifully captured tale of bravery , human spirit and is a poignant reflection on how one man can restore some of your faith in humanity . It 's exactly the kind of movie America needs right now .
In Sully , Eastwood finds the perfect metaphor to talk about a few things that interested him . Plus , it has been long since Tom Hanks looked good in uniform . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This film is one of my favourite mainstream releases this year .
A movie was inevitable . Maybe we 're lucky Clint Eastwood and Tom Hanks were there to direct and star in the film .
A great movie that strikes at all times at a very good level , but knows how to go further during its last minutes to finish captivating us completely . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Eastwood 's most optimistic film , narrated with an astonishing skill and has a great cast . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A highly recommended film that can be enjoyed with the family . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Clint Eastwood proves once again that no one is able to narrate like him , with characters that are very carnally alive . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Eastwood builds a narrative with all the necessary details , extracted from the manual of epic feat , making an amazing story out of a simple script . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that feels more restrained than the rest of the recent films from the director but can clearly see that he works for love to the stories he wants to tell . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The auteur sees himself in the aviator , whose competence makes believers out of skeptics and who - in a critique of effects-driven blockbuster filmmaking - argues that ` computer simulations ' mean nothing when divorced from the ` human ' element .
Sully is at its best when it 's in full dramatic reenactment mode , and at its most eye-rolling when it shifts to emotional handwringing .
Tom Hanks seems comfortable in the role , moustache and all .
Eastwood remains an American master , and if some of the finer details lack finesse , such quibbles are subsumed by the overall emotional whomp .
This is pretty much the truth of New Yorkers ' feelings about the landing on the Hudson -- and Eastwood brings them back with a crisp , unmannered efficiency of which few other moviemakers are capable .
With clear barriers between institutions of authority and the citizens they have sworn to serve and protect , Sully is a film that shows how the system can work when the right time comes .
Several television shows and documentaries have already been made which chronicle US Airways Flight 1549 and they offer more insight than this cheesy , fictionalised version .
Glides between workplace drama and action-adventure while avoiding most of the right-stuff cliches of one-good-man biopics . And it does n't land without first navigating some turbulent questions about heroism , post-9 / 11 .
This is not blockbuster material but it 's a delight to spend time in the company of Eastwood and Hanks .
It 's really two movies , in which one is much better than the other . But that landing sequence is truly amazing -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
`` Sully '' comes across as an exhausted victory lap for Clint Eastwood . Give the guy his due . That still does n't mean that he has n't made a disappointing movie .
Eastwood keeps a fast pace with the ninety-minute film and every moment is fascinating .
Sully is a decent and satisfying tribute to an unexpected hero .
Somehow it works .
Eastwood has delivered a no-frills affair , almost to a fault . A brisk 96 minutes , the movie is workmanlike in its approach , yet still manages to be stirring thanks to the subject matter .
a tribute to a hero who does not wear a spandex costume or have a license to kill .
Those pesky birds .
In many ways Sully is the Clint Eastwood-iest movie Clint Eastwood has ever made .
For the most part , Eastwood 's no-frills approach works .
An elderly film by an elderly filmmaker for an elderly audience
Hanks and Eckhart as both excellent , and part of the reason the film works as well as it does is because they have a natural chemistry that makes their partnership both before and after the Hudson landing feel real and lived-in .
This modest , moving and unshowy ode to professionalism gets the job done .
Like much of Eastwood 's latest work , a highly proficient , professional , refreshingly unsentimental procedural about men .
A tense ethical thriller probing heroism and the fallibility of computers .
The real drama here is that of an ordinary man thrust into extraordinary circumstances and finding he is prepared to meet the challenge .
A reminder of why pilots refer to their passengers as ` souls '
The result is one superb piece of filmmaking , so uniformly fine that it 's hard to single out any part of the mix .
Sully is a beautifully balanced , classily nuanced and hugely engaging film that avoids all the clichéd pitfalls it could have slipped into .
Ultimately , Sully fails to capture the spirit and resonance that captured America 's imagination .
Sully may be just want the mass audience wants in the 21st century : a disaster film with a happy ending .
As Clint Eastwood 's Sully proves , the Miracle on the Hudson is actually lousy material for a movie .
Instead of mending fences in Sully , Eastwood works through both awe and disbelief , recognizing underappreciated professionalism ... by looking back at `` the miracle on the Hudson '' with a sobering , unsentimental sense of recent history .
With good work from Linney -LRB- in a slightly thankless part -RRB- , Aaron Eckhart as First Officer Jeff Skiles and a large cast in small roles as passengers , this is still mostly about Hanks ' fine , subtle performance , which dominates the proceedings .
This is n't Eastwood 's best film , and it does n't completely succeed in translating the true story to the big screen . But it 's not without moments of spine-tingling movie magic .
Clint Eastwood ca n't land this overblown mess .
It is a professional 's tribute to professionalism , and as with any job well done , there 's love in it .
With a white-haired Hanks on rock-solid form , it 's a finely etched portrait of an ultra-modest hero .
Sully is a film made by a pro 's pro about a pro 's pro .
I can imagine all of the good impulses that went into the decision to make Sully , but none of that matters when the film is as resolutely limp as this one .
Though Sully is by no means Eastwood 's worst film -- I reserve that honor for 2002 's Blood Work -- it does achieve the impossible . It makes an unlikeable film out of one of the few feel-good stories of the aughts .
... would work better as a video exhibit at an aviation history museum than it does as a dramatic narrative .
It 's impressive that Eastwood , at age 86 , has managed to become more lively and humane a director . But his politics may be unduly coloring his films , and it 's becoming distracting .
A typically sturdy , no-nonsense directorial effort from Clint Eastwood , who crafts the film with his a stylistic juxtaposition of visual simplicity and sobering emotional complexity .
A commendable achievement that offers a fuller and more three-dimensional look at the heroic pilot than we 've seen before .
Centuries from now , should movies still be being made , film historians will still be talking about Tom Hanks and Clint Eastwood ... if you want to introduce your little one to a true hero , introduce them to `` Sully . ''
This is a quietly powerful story about the importance of mastering , rather than surrendering to , machines .
Sully is n't a new career peak for Eastwood and probably wo n't be mentioned on any year-end lists , but it shows Eastwood can find a sweet-spot between musings of modern life and effective character study .
A fierce , stark , haunted drama of horror narrowly avoided .
As cold as the Hudson River in January .
When the movie gets around to actually depicting the incident itself , fragmented though it is , it is a visual tour de force , with convincing images of the aircraft , trailing smoke , gliding through the sky , not far enough above New York City .
Hanks ' measured performance of an honest , humble everyman who was simply doing the best he could under extreme circumstances , elevates the entire experience
You 've heard of straw men ? This is a straw movie .
Like his past unassuming-hero roles , Tom Hanks is born to play Sully .
Hanks delivers a grounded performance in service of a man whose heroism took flight at the right moment .
Though at times lacking action , it still is a well-conceived film that justly serves as a moving tribute to its low-key hero .
Neither Eastwood 's controversial politics nor his worst storytelling instincts could really mess up Sully .
This is exactly the type of historical dramatization that Hollywood loves to churn out , but Sully does n't feel like merely a paycheck . Like much of latter-day Eastwood 's work , this is another flawed but thoughtful effort .
Despite its excellent lead performance from Tom Hanks , it also feels like a thematically safe and unadventurous entry from one of the industry 's heavyweight filmmakers .
Sully amounts to a respectable yet unmemorable account of real-life heroism , despite fine performances and capable direction .
Tom Hanks has enough emotional charisma to keep Clint Eastwood 's hero conventions in the air , but this cinematic salute to Chesley Sullenberger 's heroism loses thrust .
A mishmash of genres -- a would-be disaster flick , a legal thriller , a heroic biopic -- jarringly cut together with the thinnest of threads linking them together .
Despite a soporific first 30 minutes that is almost deadly , when director Eastwood finally gets to the landing on the Hudson and the subsequent hearing the film is so good that it overcomes the first third , but why did Hanks hide Sully 's smile ?
Clint Eastwood still has surprises in him .
Tom Hanks is as solid as ever in the role of Sullenberger , a stoic who is trying to hold it together under immense pressure -- from without and within . But ... the character , while earning our respect , is a little hard to warm to .
The crash is the real star of the show . Well , OK , so is Mr. Hanks in an excellent performance as the self-effacing title character .
Both an admiring recreation of the Miracle on the Hudson and a poignant reflection on how an ordinary , yet supremely competent man declines to exalt himself as a hero .
Near the end , as we watch aviation re-enactors simulate the cockpit conditions under which Sully was operating , even these relatively humdrum moments have their own white-knuckle tension .
Eastwood 's plain and to-the-point filmmaking style syncs perfectly with Hanks 's marvellously underplayed and understated characterisation .
Eastwood 's decision to focus on the `` yes-but '' questions is wise , giving the film , if not a life-or-death narrative arc , a more relatable tension .
Sully can feel like a dutiful , hagiographic slog , even though its actual running time barely tops 90 minutes and both Hanks and Eckhart give warm , understated , funny performances in the only two roles developed enough to qualify as real characters
Clint Eastwood 's latest outing is easily the most streamlined and economical motion picture of the acclaimed actor-turned-director 's Oscar-winning career .
The film is attentive to the iconic power of that event , both in itself and in connection with the last time the world watched as an airliner went down against the New York skyline .
hinges on the superiority of experience over theory , a soothing message in a mechanized world that relegates the human factor to a slot just this side of superfluous , but one that needed the kind of subtlety that Hanks delivers in his performance .
... a vivid and intimate glimpse into the buildup and aftermath of the crash , both inside and outside the cockpit .
Hanks 's Sullenberger is by far Eastwood 's most untarnished standard-bearer to date . Not even Nelson Mandela came off looking this good .
Eastwood ignores the crash for the man behind it in a quiet paean to middle class professionalism .
Hanks is very good at playing an Everyman , and Eastwood is content to showcase Sullenberger in that way .
It moves from beginning to end as a tightly piloted flight that proves fact trumps fiction in matters of the soul and the sky .
Eastwood handles all of this with his customary relaxed skill .
Great performances in tense , quietly powerful true story .
A movie about the `` Can Do '' qualities of America is direly needed right now . `` Sully '' is that movie .
Hanks is our Jimmy Stewart ; that calm , collected presence on the big screen who seems so relatable , he gives us permission to dare to put ourselves in his position and ask the anxious question ` What would I do in that situation ? '
Sully is much more compelling than a regurgitation of everything you saw on the news .
As Sully , Hanks is perfectly cast . It 's a well-crafted , understated performance as a man who 's haunted by the incident , cool and calm under pressure and uncomfortable in the role of hero .
A film that 's more vital , intense , thoughtful and emotional than any 2016 movie by filmmakers less than half -LSB- Eastwood 's -RSB- age .
It 's nice to have a movie like Sully come around every once in a while . Director Clint Eastwood 's re-creation of 2009 's `` Miracle on the Hudson '' is the kind of story that will restore some of your faith in humanity .
This truly is a film for the ages .
Sully is the movie our safe space-obsessed culture needs .
Sully is fascinating as a study of Eastwood 's persecution complex , his fear that not everyone in the world adequately worships an accomplished white man .
-LSB- P -RSB- uts viewers right in the air with the crew and passengers of -LSB- the -RSB- events , making the overall impact unlike anything else this year in cinema ...
The real reason to see Sully is for the splendid recreation of the river landing and its aftermath ...
Clint Eastwood 's earnest , unapologetically sappy film nails the one thing it sets out to accomplish .
A porterhouse of a movie that touches your heart .
Sully 's exploit lasted about three minutes . So even at 95 minutes the movie feels stretched and padded .
It is the totally engrossing in-flight sequence that dominates ` Sully . ' Prepare your adrenaline .
Compelling and engaging from start to finish . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity , Tense Scenes , etc. - also Available -RRB-
A film that is much like the man at its center : Lean . Direct . Endlessly inspiring . And in his star , Tom Hanks , Eastwood has found the perfect actor to convey the casual heroism that made the real-life Sully a national icon .
Clint Eastwood 's `` Sully '' is a remarkably impactful bit of streamlined filmmaking .
You have to love it when two legends team up and deliver a tour de force like Sully .
A gripping film
Tense with high emotional impact , this is a film you should not miss
Hanks does an admirable job of showing Sully 's humiliating stress while his reputation was being challenged , with the first-rate support of a cast that includes Laura Linney as his wife , and Jamey Sheridan and Anna Gunn as his surly inquisitors .
Thrilling when we 're on and around the plane -LRB- seeing that giant CGI bird splash down , especially on an Imax screen , makes you realize how improbable the whole enterprise was -RRB- and too often thudding when we 're not .
`` Sully '' is n't interested in going anywhere new . Watching the movie , you can feel Eastwood hurrying up to finish to move on to his next thing .
Tom Hanks 's haunted , evocative performance elevates the rigidly black-and-white Sully to a level of humanity that is life-affirming .
Although not an Oscar-worthy endeavor , Sully proves to be by turns engaging , exhilarating , and nail-biting .
Tom Hanks is the perfect choice to play the unflappable Sully , given that he is the Patron Saint of Quiet Calm and Confidence in Crisis .
Kudos to the team of Clint Eastwood and Tom Hanks for successfully conveying the enviable amalgam of guts , smarts and stoicism exhibited by level-headed Captain Sullenberger in the face of impending demise .
` Sully ' is a nice little film about a hugely remarkable achievement .
Spare a thought for poor Laura Linney , whose only co-star in this film is a landline telephone . But Tom Hanks ? He 's the real American hero - even in the movies .
It 's an Eastwood film that very nearly strikes the same unsophisticated but delicate tone of his obligatory end-credits ditty .
It would take a far better filmmaker -LRB- and maybe an actual wizard -RRB- to wring suspense , tension , or fear out of a perilous situation whose outcome - whose happy , casualty-free outcome - has already been reported .
Normally I like succinct but Clint Eastwood 's 95 minute story of the miracle on the Hudson -- while a great movie -- jets through material that demands a bit more detail .
Most compelling , is how in a rare moment of collective solidarity , rapidly assembled crews spontaneously came together to save everyone . And that 's quite an unusual sighting in a movie these days , with the deepening divisive climate in society right now .
`` Sully '' - A Tale of Modest Heroism
The soul of the film resides in Hanks ' flawlessly tuned performance .
It 's a movie with problems , but it also leaves you feeling somewhat inspired , and reminds you that sometimes , still , people can come together and make the world a slightly better place .
Sully is freighted with the heaviness of memory , both personal and collective , on screen and off .
Eastwood 's leanest and most personal movie since Gran Torino .
Eastwood moves slowly to the landing but gives it its full due . Filmed on IMAX , his big , clear images nevertheless remain somber -- as does Eastwood 's own quiet score - in the big , awaited moment .
There are shockingly few scenes that manage to add to the story in a meaningful way , and it results in more drag than a plane taking off with its flaps up .
Nothing here is overwrought . The real-life drama is real enough .
Sully wo n't just please crowds and evoke tears but , in an angry , ugly time in our national history , it should also resonate deeply with many .
Sully remains an impressive achievement , a portrait of a good man whose heroism lay in having the right stuff and knowing how to use it during a small eternity of looming chaos and unprecedented peril .
Simple but laser-focused , and it 's hard not to read Eastwood 's interest as autobiographical , given his reputation as a no-nonsense professional who runs his movie sets without tantrums or budget overruns .
Taut and vivid .
Hanks is this generation 's Jimmy Stewart and Henry Fonda all wrapped up in one perfect package . Nobody else working in movies can take common decency and make it so compelling , can project integrity without a hint of sanctimony ...
Efficient and effective in Eastwood 's experienced hands , `` Sully '' has interwoven a crisp and electric retelling of the story of the landing we know with a story we do not ...
It 's intelligent and absorbing , but keep those expectations modest .
Faithfully recaptures the events of the `` Miracle on the Hudson . ''
Tom Hanks turns in a beautifully restrained performance in Sully , but despite some memorable sequences , the plodding script feels padded even at barely over 90 minutes .
Sully is a reminder about the miracle that consummate professionals can be in the world . And its filmmaker is the oldest and most prolific exemplary professional our movies have had in the modern era .
That it unnerves you as much as it does may seem surprising , given that going in , we know how this story ends . But Mr. Eastwood is also very good at his job , a talent that gives the movie its tension along with an autobiographical sheen .
Sully is another testament to just how deft a filmmaker Eastwood is because it 's easy to tell the `` true '' story of a hero , but it 's hard to tell the true story of a man .
`` Sully '' offers a large-scale air near-disaster , but the real draw here is the star turn , with Hanks shaping an interior life to Sully that 's as powerful as any plane crash imagery .
` Sully ' deserves to fly high on the radar during the awards season .
It may not be a classic , but it is enormously crowd-pleasing for the story and its reminder that ordinary people can do extraordinary things in a crisis .
-LSB- T -RSB- rapped in an unfortunate middle ground between examining the toll of the incident ... and simply presenting the incident from the perspective of objective history .
Sully is a feel-good look at the surreality of instant fame and what it takes to keep it from changing you .
It just might be the first plane-crash movie that suggests itself as suitable in-flight entertainment too .
Clocking in at just over 90 minutes , Sully is a no-frills , low-thrills tale of heroism that quietly draws the right levels of admiration and inspiration from the viewer .
Even with its mistakes , Sully is watchable and occasionally gripping entertainment .
Sully is a character study that does n't tell us much about the character . Other than the fact that he is a hero . Which we already knew .
The writing , acting and direction all combine for a satisfying real-life-hero , ripped-from-the-headlines story that was well worth telling .
Tom Hanks was born to play `` Sully . ''
Eastwood keeps his direction lean and mean . There 's not an ounce of wasted screen time in Sully 's 96 minutes , but the story , an example of `` truth is stranger than fiction , '' has all the thrust it needs , and then some .
-LSB- Hanks -RSB- is predictably great , especially in a scene where he 's informed that all his passengers survived , but it 's a quiet , dignified performance , the kind that has lately become his stock-in-trade .
Tom Hanks suffers and is scared .
Remember how CNN ran this story into the ground , as it were ? Eastwood does that here , draining whatever suspense that remains in a story for which we know the happy ending .
The only real reason we care about Sully is what happened in that plane . In that regard , and only that regard , Sully absolutely delivers .
The movie is more than worth seeing ...
It could be argued that the very plainness of the picture , anchored by a predictably solid but unflashy performance by Tom Hanks , is the appropriate way of celebrating a man who saw himself not as a hero but simply a fellow doing his job as best he can .
Clint Eastwood is simply the ideal director for a big-screen telling of the `` Miracle on the Hudson '' hero pilot story that Sully delivers with confidence and grace .
By turning an emergency that lasted a little more than two minutes into an accomplished , unsettling adventure thriller , Eastwood is at the controls of a movie machine that other directors could send skidding off the runway .
`` Sully '' is a classy , enormously satisfying ode to simple competence . To paraphrase the title character , it 's just a movie doing its job . And amen to that .
`` Sully '' is the kind of film that may be described as old-fashioned and never goes out of style .
Screenwriter Todd Komarnicki -LRB- `` Perfect Stranger '' -RRB- has taken a simple approach in adapting Sullenberger 's book , perhaps too simple ... See it for Eastwood 's classical direction and Hanks ' thoughtful reconstruction of an American hero .
At once a true-life drama about heroism and people working in harmony under exceptional conditions ...
It basks in the rightness of those who work hard to get a proper result , simultaneously disinterested in reinventing the wheel and still finding some new ways to spin it .
Clint Eastwood 's adaptation of the `` Miracle on the Hudson '' is n't quite as riveting as hoped . Sully is fairly acted by the players , but runs short with a few scenes that come off as contrived .
For as conventional and safe as Eastwood plays the human drama ... the movie 's gripping reenactment of the crash is a wonderfully staged piece of filmmaking that makes it all worth it .
`` One of the best movies of 2016 . ''
Like Sully , Hanks makes the impossible seem effortless . Listen up , Oscar . Hanks and director Eastwood deserve the three words Sully prizes most : Job well done .
A man doing his job , a guy flying a plane , a pilot controlling the stick . ` Sully ' shows just how important one `` ordinary '' person can be , when ordinary circumstances suddenly , unprecedentedly , become extraordinary .
The event itself remains a stunner , but Clint Eastwood 's somewhat drab drama sheds no new light on the media-shy pilot .
Whether you want to accept it or not , Eastwood remains one of the best and most quixotic filmmakers we have , torn between jingoism and doubt , exceptionalism and despair .
An unusually good director can make us feel anxious while watching a story we expected to have no drama at all , and Clint Eastwood does that in the low-key , beautifully assembled `` Sully . ''
... the movie often fares much better than one might 've anticipated ...
Eastwood and Hanks back to doing what they do best : understated Everyman heroism in a gripping yet heartwarming piece of cinema .
Stretching those 208 seconds into 96 minutes proves difficult .
The closest -LSB- Sully -RSB- gets to 'em otive ' is a brief welling-of-the-eyes at the hospital , after hearing that all of his passengers survived . It 's a reminder that Tom Hanks does his best work while being treated for trauma .
That Eastwood is able to tell a story so big in a tight 96-minute package and do it so effortlessly is a true achievement .
One of the most well-crafted , tightly constructed screenplays of the year .
Sully is a meaningless , toothless waste of 96 minutes .
It 's only appropriate that the film is as competent , efficient , and mildly dull as the people it celebrates .
Clint Eastwood directs a picture about a topic he loves dearly : Age and guts beats youth and technology every time .
Inevitable is how `` Sully '' feels . That , and a little soggy .
Sullenberger is , fundamentally , not that interesting of a protagonist . He 's so heroic , so evidently in the right in terms of his actions , that his struggles do n't resonate .
Sully wants to be life-affirming Oscar bait , but it 's more like Clint Eastwood 's Book Club For Dads Who Shop In Cargo Pants At Costco .
Eastwood , at 86 , continues to be a marvel , and this stands as one of the four-time Oscar winner 's best films .
True story of `` The Miracle on the Hudson '' Exhilarating , Moving and Well Done
Weaving an enthralling tale hidden behind the one everyone read about in the press , `` Sully '' is a stirring entertainment , persuasively told .
In the end , `` Sully '' is a broadly crowd-pleasing movie , at a time when we could use the straight-forward entertainment .
There is something compelling about someone who simply shows up for the job , day after day , carving out the remarkable from the unremarkable .
A movie that unlocks other Eastwood movies , showing them all to be nuanced studies of tormented masculinity - yes , even `` American Sniper . ''
The so-called ` untold story ' is essentially nonsense ... The struggle is real for screenwriter Todd Komarnicki ...
Tense and exciting - as Clint Eastwood , once again , proves he 's a superb storyteller ...
The second act is worth the price of even the most expensive IMAX ticket .
Hanks pulls off the earnest optimism and unassuming humility that made Sullenberger a media darling right after the incident .
Sully could have very easily been a film about a tragic plane crash , and Eastwood invites audiences to simply stop and consider the miracle for a while longer .
A celebration of everyday valor .
A celebration of stoic professionalism -- Sully 's , stewardesses ' , first responder 's , and Eastwood 's .
Some viewers may find the film too predictable and TV-movie-like . Instead , this reviewer found it fascinating , gripping and worthy of the legacy of an American hero .
-LSB- A -RSB- plainspoken and disarmingly delicate conception of heroics , which might be Eastwood 's best work since Million Dollar Baby .
If Tom Hanks had n't existed to play the title role , Eastwood would have had to invent him : This is one of those cases where movie-star persona and real-life legend blend perfectly .
There 's a good idea for a movie here . In fact , there are two . But the movie itself never quite takes off .
Clint Eastwood + Tom Hanks + Sully = one of the best movies of the year .
The fact that Clint Eastwood continues to turn out such strong , impassioned , relevant , and entertaining work in his twilight years is nothing less than staggering .
Clint Eastwood 's heart pounding recreation of the Miracle on the Hudson is only one of the rewards of this earnest , slyly emotional biography .
Good people doing their jobs thoughtfully and at the height of their abilities , working together under unprecedented and extraordinary circumstances . Sometimes all of those things come together to create a miracle , and `` Sully '' is a warm reminder of that .
Watching that airplane land on the Hudson River is a heart-stopping wonder . But the entire ordeal lasted just 208 seconds . The movie is 96 minutes .
Sully would make a great 35-minute movie
At its heart , this is a thrilling tribute to a modest hero who rose to an extraordinary occasion .
Vivid , riveting story of Capt. Chesley Sullenberger marks another milestone for director Clint Eastwood .
Offers a thrilling ride but crashes in the end .
Sometimes incredible true stories do n't make for incredible films .
An unabashed salute to real-life heroism , Clint Eastwood 's drama rivetingly recreates the Miracle on the Hudson . Though not always as confident outside of the cockpit , `` Sully '' mostly earns its crowd-pleasing , lump-in-your-throat sentiment .
Even as recently as American Sniper , Eastwood has done a much better job than this of shading in the grays of what constitutes heroism , both during and after the fact . Sully is so square , it 's a wonder it even gets airborne .
At its best , ` Sully ' is a middle ground portrait of an American hero without any deep insight . At its worst , it 's an unsalvageable mess .
An unabashed crowdpleaser about a hero fighting to maintain that title when corporate greed threatens to tarnish his image .
It 's an effectively thrilling story of quietly unassuming , can-do American heroism-the kind , sadly , we do n't get to witness much these days .
This is Hanks ' show , and he delivers a typically strong performance , quickly allowing us to forget that we 're watching an actor .
Sully proves that with the proper material and actors Clint Eastwood can still stir emotions with the best of them .
Eastwood delivers an earnest , straightforward look at the way the captain 's professionalism saved the day . But while that aspect of the movie hits more than a few obvious notes , the crash is the real star of the show .
There 's a lively , hard-to-ignore subtext here , wherein an 86-year-old classicist filmmaker tells the story of an experienced captain , still alive because of his confident human instincts , under threat by an industry 's over-reliance on computer simulation .

@highlight

As comfortingly workmanlike as its protagonist , Sully makes solid use of typically superlative work from its star and director to deliver a quietly stirring tribute to an everyday hero .