Filmmaker Ryan Coogler has created a three-dimensional character in Oscar Grant that is both flawed and easily relatable .
It 's a sad state of affairs when movies like Fruitvale Station have to show everyone what they should know by now : Black people are people , too .
While Fruitvale Station is elevated by Jordan 's portrayal , the supporting cast , whose characters surround Oscar even during his most internal struggles , is also magnetic to watch .
Ryan Coogler 's film accomplishes what so many films fail to do : put us in touch with the life that was ended that night .
This is a film for the people , a film for feelers and thinkers who want to see a story about a flawed person who loved his daughter and family .
Michael B. Jordon honed his talent on series like The Wire and Friday Night Lights . His performance seems natural but that does n't mean it was easy to achieve . It 's subtle , deep and fiery .
Michael B. Jordan and Octavia Spencer are particularly good in the film .
Ryan Coogler 's film is very sad and will make you cry , and maybe that 's a good thing . I acknowledge it 's important to devote time and care to such portrayals of abuse and injustice , and Coogler has certainly done that .
It 's a gentle film , with deep reservoirs of empathy and understanding . And so terribly sad .
As well as being a superb piece of filmmaking and writing that tells an important story of what happened , it 's also a thought-provoking tribute to what could have been .
-LSB- Fruitvale Station -RSB- has a profound emotional impact by keeping things simple .
Coogler 's realistic debut recreates Grant 's final day with affection , refusing to cast him as either saint or sinner .
There 's a sincere clarity that Michael B. Jordan achieves from beginning to end . Raw and proficient in delivery , his performance places him near the top of the most exciting actors to watch .
Flawed though it is by overstating the obvious , Fruitvale Station is also sensitively acted and well-intentioned .
You might expect a film about the real-life shooting of a young black man by a white cop to burn with outrage and fury , but writer-director Ryan Coogler 's Fruitvale Station is notable for its restraint and compassion .
With his debut feature , writer-director Ryan Coogler recreates a real-life event with remarkable artistry .
The air of impending disaster -LRB- we open with the notorious mobile phone footage -RRB- culminates in a harrowing final act that is both chilling and heartbreaking .
Brilliantly observed and very moving .
It focuses on its subject 's humanity and assesses the tragedy on a personal rather than explicitly sociopolitical level . However , the way in which it fleshes out Oscar 's character makes it an acutely political work .
The problem with Fruitvale Station is n't that it is so dense with foreboding but that foreboding is the only register it has .
Jordan does n't beg for our sympathy and is all the more magnetic as a result . The finale is devastating .
The film 's version of Grant has been carefully calibrated to be just nice enough to scare up empathy and just mischievous enough to take some polish of his character .
There is something almost spiritual in the eerie importance that all the ordinary , banal facts of a life achieve under scrutiny , as time is running out .
Why is goodhearted liberal cinema sometimes so dumb ?
Coogler 's spare , sombre style serves the story well , skillfully avoiding cliche and formula to soberly rage against a grave miscarriage of justice .
The emotionally wrenching Fruitvale Station does n't feel like a call-to-arms so much as a call against them .
Just ... no . This is heartstring-tugging hooey .
It 's an emotive film about an emotive incident , but an unmolested account of Grant 's demise could have had so much more impact .
This chronicle of a death foretold celebrates an individual 's efforts to do better even as it laments his - and his nation 's - difficulties in moving on .
It 's ragged around the edges , but this remains a stirring tribute to Grant . And coaxed by the assured Coogler , Jordan delivers a performance that will long be remembered .
A deeply moving drama played out on the small stage of ordinary people 's lives .
A tragic , grievous subject matter handled delicately and efficiently .
Anchored by what deservedly proved to be a breakthrough turn for Jordan , Fruitvale Station is a devastating and detailed celebration of life .
A captivating film ...
Potentially blunt dramaturgy turns to something profound -LRB- and not perfumed -RRB- in implication .
An impressive debut by Ryan Coogler .
Fruitvale Station does work , but it 's marred by problematic writing and direction .
As a first feature for writer/director Ryan Coogler , it 's pretty remarkable . As a star-making vehicle for Michael B. Jordan , it 's a slam dunk .
Fruitvale Station is centered around a tragic event with a powerful message , but just lacks the momentum to actually be impressive .
Fruitvale Station nos lembra de que somos todos Oscar Grant .
As a biographical drama Fruitvale Station works , though you 're not going to pick up anything about the actual shooting that you do n't already know .
Michael B. Jordan is simply brilliant in his portrayal of Grant , whom Coogler presents as a generally happy , if complex and somewhat troubled young man .
If Coogler were not as sure a directorial hand , or the film less gripping , that weight might be too much for it to bear . But , despite some imperfections , they 're both up to the task .
The intimacy of debut writer-director Ryan Coogler 's approach to the film and the no-frills , believably real quality of the main performances combine to drive the senselessness of Oscar 's killing home with visceral impact .
Critically , Fruitvale Station serves as a morality tale that reminds us not to dismiss anyone without first knowing the full story behind the scenes . Every life has value .
Writer-director Ryan Coogler 's -LSB- film is an -RSB- assured and evenhanded debut .
A runaway powerhouse film packed with emotionally-gripping performances , outstanding direction and a script that challenges viewers like few other films have this year .
Not just Jordan , but everyone from the likes of Octavia Spencer and Melonie Diaz to the crowd of BART-passenger bit players hit it convincingly , consistently .
Well-meaning , naturally acted , horrifically unbalanced ... Whatever its objectives , the film comes across as an emotionally exploitative , crudely manipulative prayer .
Make no mistake : there 's a rage and wrenching sadness here , but Ryan Coogler has filtered it via a story packed with lingering grace notes .
When it reaches that harrowing , inevitable finale , it inspires fury and confusion much like Spike Lee 's signature work did two decades ago .
The best thing Coogler did was cast Michael B. Jordan as Oscar and Octavia Spencer as his mother Wanda and surround them with an entirely credible version of life in Oakland 's black community .
Despite its credibility issues , the film is still able to deliver an emotional finale .
Riveting , emotionally charged drama , with powerhouse performances to match . Jordan is a revelation .
Thank goodness ... for the performances , all powerful and compelling , from Michael B. Jordan as Oscar to the wonderful Octavia Spencer as his mum and Melonie Diaz as his gf Sophina
it rings true . There is no manipulation or theatrical construct that deflect from the story 's core ; the film ensures Oscar 's legacy remains and that we feel as though we have got to know this young man whose loss is a senseless tragedy
Assured directorial debut of the 26-year-old Ryan Coogler .
It 's an unflinching , 360-degree character portrait .
A good first film but not quite deserving of the hype . The best parts have nothing to do with Oscar Grant 's murder but the quotidian tale of survival by a young man with the best of intentions .
does something more radical ... humanizes the protagonist
Stunning , timely look at the killing of an unarmed man
... takes tragedies that have inflamed a nation - from Fruitvale to Sanford , Fla. - and brings them back down to human scale .
There are scenes that were certainly fabricated for the movie , but the emotional truth behind them feels real .
An utterly moving and rich slice-of-life fable .
Yet , despite being aware of the outcome , the movie is , in its own profane and streetwise manner , a warmhearted and soulful story of a young man 's journey toward self-discovery and determination .
An impressive launch for the film 's young writer-director and a signal that the movie 's leading man will be a major presence in American film .
The performance by Michael B. Jordan is authentic and convincing , and helps us stay engaged in a film that wants to be mundane until its explosive finale .
In the wake of the Trayvon Martin verdict , this compassionate film reclaims the humanity of victims transformed into political symbols and provides context for those who think the media and not Zimmerman 's bullet ` injected race ' into the Martin killing .
One of the year 's best films .
This dramatic story is told in a fair and balanced way , supplemented with excellent acting .
A powerful acknowledgement of existence
It 's funny how the bloated , overly lengthy studio blockbusters have far less impact than 90 minutes of a relatively brief , CGI-free ` little ' movie such as ` Fruitvale Station . '
The slow first hour is more than compensated for by the half hour climax that leaves one in tears .
As Grant , Michael B. Jordan 's stunning good looks and immaculately restrained acting affects even those who do n't want to be manipulated-who want to watch this story with unfogged eyes .
Without emotion-tweaking music or too much fictional streamlining and highlighting , he captures a sense of the random and pointless horror of a young man shot in the back while laying on his stomach
after seeing Fruitvale Station you should come away with the impulse to muse on the life behind the next tragic homicide in the news that sparks debate ...
The film is both personal and universal . Jordan can be so touching , and his intimidating ferocity is palpable . This is an important picture with a breakout performance .
It 's hard not to watch Fruitvale Station with a coiled dread ... Yet , Coogler 's greatest achievement may be in reminding us that Grant was a work in progress with people who loved him in spite of his flaws and because of his hopes .
Fruitvale Station 's arrival in theaters corresponds with the outcry over the Trayvon Martin case . But Fruitvale did not need added relevancy to be remarkable .
Fruitvale Station is a heart-rending stop ; just remember that the line does n't end there .
Was Oscar Grant going to turn his life around ? We 'll never know because of a pointless act of violence .
Coogler 's take quietly serves to show Grant as a human being , with his flaws and redeeming qualities , and not just as a face in a newspaper obituary .
... a palpably low-key premise that 's employed to continuously engrossing effect by first-time writer/director Ryan Coogler ...
` Fruitvale Station ' is a movie people are going to be talking about and it 's a conversation you do n't want to be left out of .
You wonder if Coogler would have felt freer had Grant somehow lived that night , if the director were n't put in a position where he felt the need to honor the dead by bringing him to dramatic life . But he believes in his ambition .
Many recent movies so cavalierly dispense thousands upon thousands of ammunition rounds , you can sometimes forget the effect that one bullet can have on human life .
A tragically relevant and incredibly important film that deserves all the attention it can get from American audiences .
We feel the death on the platform so acutely not because it 's a stupid act of randomness , but hardly untypical racist violence , but because we 've come to love this man .
Michael B. Jordan -LRB- The Wire and Friday Night Lights -RRB- plays Oscar with the heart and compelling charm required to make us feel close to him .
What 's presented here is good , and it 's an important film to see for its coverage of the subject matter that unfortunately is still making headlines . -LRB- Full Parental Review also available -RRB-
It 's a story of one young man 's tragedy , a story that resonates with so many other tragedies . Oscar Grant was n't some mere symbol ; this film makes him flesh and , unfortunately , blood .
Benefits immeasurably from its piercing lead performances , stumbling only in its over-eagerness to make its points .
This is n't a movie that grabs you by the throat , it 's one that sneaks up on you and gets under your skin . FRUITVALE STATION is an authentically raw motion picture that I wo n't soon forget .
`` Fruitvale '' was made with respect for the details of Oscar 's life , good and bad , because they help us understand what was lost when he died , unarmed and afraid , on a crowded train platform .
An eloquent memorial for a man who barely experienced life , and a haunting reminder of how quickly it can be lost .
Beautifully human at every level , and visually poetic without a hint of pretense , Fruitvale Station is n't just one of the best films of the year , it may well be the most important .
Empathy and authenticity keep you on the edge of your seat at Fruitvale Station .
Fruitvale Station shows us the last day of a young man , whose life was like a lot of young men 's , who was shot in the back by public servants , his face against a cold subway platform .
Some of this narrative feels cliched , but Coogler and his actors make it work by leaning toward understatement .
`` Fruitvale Station '' is n't just a story of one family 's tragedy , but a wounding snapshot of a society struggling somewhere between melting pot and battlefield .
Fruitvale Station intends to investigate a troubled soul at the very moment of its awakening , but rarely does it feel authentic , and worse , it comes up frustratingly incomplete .
It 's a film to make you weep with sorrow and anger , and one of the most necessary films of the year .
Ryan Coogler 's powerful film about the death of Oscar Grant , the Trayvon Martin of 2009 . The seeming random nature of the incident makes it all the more horrifying .
`` Fruitvale Station '' uses objectivity without sacrificing perspective to remind us of the obvious , in case we 've forgotten : that what happened to Oscar Grant should n't happen to anyone .
... a movie as direct and devastating as a point-blank bullet to the back .
The story draws power from the simple rhythms of a day spent with family , friends and strangers .
Whatever role prejudice have played a part in the shooting - Oscar and his friends were black , and the officers were white - Fruitvale Station refuses to turn the incident into a statement on race and divisiveness .
Coogler immerses the viewer in Grant 's world , creating empathy for his struggles while also examining the realities that limit his options .
Fruitvale Station sums up Oscar 's life , but the act of summing up can tell us only so much , since a young life is still a maze of promise and indecision .
One of the most powerful and socially relevant movies of the year .
By using a fly-on-the-wall approach , Coogler is able to tell his story in a straightforward style that gets the message across without seeming preachy .
There 's plenty of riveting drama , including a gut-wrenching climax that elicits a powerful emotional resonance .
Sober , even-handed and quite moving .
Michael B. Jordan portrays Oscar Grant as a complex and real person , making Fruitvale Station more than just the story of a death . In fact , it 's one full of life .
A devastating portrait of the fallibility of man and the importance of appreciating what one has while it 's still here .
In naturalistic and unforced strokes , he allows Grant to exist as a complex , even contradictory human , inviting the audience simply to sit with his life , his loss and what they both meant .
Where it could have been angry ... the film is instead clinical ...
Fruitvale is easy to see as something more than a movie - a diagnosis , perhaps , or a part of that sticky vortex we call the zeitgeist .
Many directors have trouble accomplishing something like this even when they 're throwing character development in your face . To be able to succeed by using a standard `` day in the life '' approach makes it all the more incredible , and makes it a must-see .
A star-making performance by Michael B. Jordan .
Oscar Grant had friends , he had a sister and a mother and a grandmother , a girlfriend , a child . In concise measures , Fruitvale Station shows us these connections , these bonds .
Even though we know where this dark road travels , the remarkable Fruitvale Station still manages to be both sorrowful and suspenseful while also celebrating a life only half-lived .
Writer/director Ryan Coogler 's debut feature , Fruitvale Station , is one of those first films that announces that a major talent has hit the scene .
Grant 's ordinary life seems eminently dramatic even without its place in history .
A gut-wrenching , emotional powerhouse of a film , politically and socially resonant while also standing on its own as a compelling and often-heartbreaking story
Coogler could 've settled for an enraging , full-throttle melodrama , designed to boil your blood from beginning to end . But `` Fruitvale Station '' is better , more heartbreaking , than that .
A viscerally wrenching experience , filled with foreboding from the first frame but stylistically naturalistic .
Strives only for an emotional response rather than an intellectual one .
Coogler 's goal is clear - to put a human face on Grant , to make him recognizable .
Though the film 's ending is no mystery , the personal details are what make this story so absorbing and so moving - more so precisely because his fate is already known .
It 's a heartbreaking story that is so emotionally powerful that , while I may not want to see again , if it 's on I wo n't be able to help but see it 's tragic conclusion again .
`` Fruitvale Station '' will emotionally move you and simultaneously make you appreciate the filmmaking abilities of Ryan Coogler and Michael B. Jordan .
There 's great soul to the work , which gives a complete picture of a young man 's life in microcosmic form .
BART allowed Coogler to shoot on location , and the young filmmaker , working with a score of actors and a crowd of extras , shows more competence in placing the camera coherently than many action directors with access to multimillion-dollar budgets .
Coogler shows the storytelling maturity and restraint to keep the focus squarely on the characters , not so much on the actual act of bloodshed itself but the wounds exacted upon the direct victims , witnesses , and families alike .
` Fruitvale Station , ' is one the most endearing and profound films that echoes the essence of humanity . Ryan Coogler 's feature debut gives Michael B. Jordan a career making performance .
Many will respond to the film as a gut-level human interest piece , but it 's as curtailed and nuance-free a character study as it is a political polemic .
The closeness of family and the feeling of community comes across as genuine in every scene ...
Fruitvale Station 's wrenching power lies in the specificity of its storytelling and the ordinary human warmth of the world it conjures .
From the moment the arrest begins , the film is blunt and stunning , a completely absorbing , protracted nightmare .
The actual events already serve as a parable of race in America , but Coogler 's dramatization does them justice .
Although Coogler surely wants his movie to serve as a weapon against racially charged police brutality , he 's smart enough , and sensitive enough , to know that this is above all a human tragedy -- and not a political rallying point .
Galvanizing , tense gritty-indie , brilliantly acted by Jordan and Spencer . Very much worth watching even though the too-neat , manipulative screenplay undercuts it artistically .
`` Fruitvale Station '' is about what we can imagine when we cast our gaze across the longstanding divides in this persistently , cancerously segregated American society .
Coogler 's film is shaky , sometimes literally slipping out of focus even as its own vision remains resolutely blinkered .
A noble effort to contextualize the life of a man who would become famous for the way that he died .
`` Fruitvale Station '' is a potent dramatic chronicle of contemporary American life , crackling with energy and possibility , made with the cooperation of Grant 's mother and girlfriend .
In the end , what is the meaning of the film ?
Raw , real and memorable .
At a time when the multiplexes are crowded with coarse comedy and inept spectacle , here 's a homegrown movie that honors its subject and the medium .
Fruitvale Station is a gut punch of a movie . By standing in solidarity with Oscar , it becomes an unstoppable cinematic force .
Together , star and director get you to look at , and think about , a flawed young man you might not give a second thought if you saw him on the street .
A sad , touching and subtle film .
Ryan Coogler does a remarkable thing with his first feature film . He makes it look like he has been in the business as a director for years .
In its modest way , the film reminds us that nobody 's life is really that special -- but that we all still deserve better than what happened to Oscar Grant .
... an emotionally devastating feature film debut ... Yet for all its mastery of foreshadowing amidst the minutiae of daily life , Coogler and Jordan have sanctified their protagonist just a bit too much to make the film truly great .
Made with assurance and deep emotion , `` Fruitvale Station '' is more than a remarkable directing debut for 26-year-old Ryan Coogler . It 's an outstanding film by any standard .
As the film plays out , the audience is likely to be overwhelmed by anger and the inability to stop what is coming . Opportunities for the story to take a different turn and avoid tragedy loom , leaving a haunting impression .
Powerful and disturbing.Michael B. Jordan is brilliant . It shows us we ca n't change the past but with movies like this perhaps we can make a better future .
Without ever being forced or false , and with an amazingly honest eye and ear for detail , writer-director Ryan Coogler 's drama about a young man 's final hours is one of the most extraordinary films you 'll see this year .
The movie is modest in its ambition and powerful in its reverberations . It takes Oscar Grant 's story and makes it universal - and transforms a sometimes awkward and obvious movie into a work of art .
-LSB- Ryan -RSB- Coogler is n't exactly an invisible hand . He pokes and prods his audience at every turn : Neither the false moments nor the powerful ones leave much mystery about how we 're supposed to feel .
`` An emotionally grounding character study as well as a sobering manifestation of social injustices that surround us .
The real power of Fruitvale Station is in reminding us all that whenever we hear about a death -- random , accidental , foreseen or otherwise -- that lost life belonged to a real person , with complications , loved ones , enemies , flaws , hopes and dreams .
While Jordan is responsible for making Oscar Grant come to life , Coogler deserves equal if not more praise for having so successfully created a sense of the world he lived in .
Well intentioned and reasonably well constructed , Fruitvale Station seems to exist for the sole purpose of making what should be an obvious point : Oscar Grant did n't deserve to die , and the officer who shot him in the back had no right to do so .
Captures the fear that seems to drive too much of race relations in this country , that blend of unease and false assumption that kills communication and leads to tragedy .
The fact that Ryan Coogler 's film about Oscar is being released just as the nation is gripped by the Zimmerman trial makes this already stunning picture all the more pungent .
When the full impact of Grant 's death comes to the fore for the people closest to him , Fruitvale generates tears to express the same rage found in the protests following the tragedy . It makes the cause personal .
Fruitvale is outstanding , a telling portrait and testament to the life of one man and the complicated relationships to race and class that still exist within America today .
Coogler immerses us in this life , so that when it 's cut short , you wo n't just weep , you 'll cry out in protest . Fruitvale Station is great political filmmaking because it 's great filmmaking , period .
Coogler , who grew up in the same neighborhoods as Grant , evokes a tangible sense of place , and his staging of the climactic incident hits like a fist in the gut .
A harrowing film worth seeing and honoring for boldness and insight .
It 's not a perfect movie . But you will cry your eyes out anyway .
A restrained but forceful picture that captures some of the texture and detail of one human life .
For a movie about an unjust death , `` Fruitvale Station '' is bursting with the colorful , messy striving of life .
Compelling and exasperating ...
Michael B. Jordan wins you over completely before the devastating finale . Those pulse-quickening moments at Fruitvale Station capture the chaos , confusion , fear and hate that provoked the perfect storm for tragedy .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Bookended by footage of the killing , as recorded on cell-phones by innocent bystanders , `` Fruitvale Station '' is a cautionary reminder of how predictably unpredictable law enforcement officers in America are .
Whether Oscar Grant deserves to be remembered as a martyr or a provocateur , this poignant portrait of him as a flawed free-spirit is moving enough to be remembered come Academy Awards season .
A narrative based on a tragic true story conventionally told
Sensitively performed and laced with some forceful , quotidian grit , the film evades the larger questions behind a scandalous shooting death .
The compelling true story of a 22-year-old African-American whose effort to turn his life around was cut short by the unnecessary violence of a trigger-happy policeman .
The movie is the model of decency and respect , and does honor to a life unjustly ended ; it offers few surprises but is nonetheless shocking .
Fruitvale Station will rock your world -- and , if the life of Oscar Grant means anything , compel you to work to change it .
If you are n't choked up at the end , you may have some kind of problem .
An exceptional dramatic feature propelled by strong performances across the board .
Fruitvale Station , is impressive for a debut , and displays the unimpeachable intent to involve us all in the human story behind a headline . And it certainly displays great promise from its director and accomplished performances from its cast .
One has the sense of a man being slowly , surely written back into being .
Michael Jordan 's Grant is remarkably sympathetic , and his story develops in a way that adds an awful note to the opening scene , as the arc creeps slowly and painfully towards the final , fatal moment .
With a sympathetic and not too heavy hand , Fruitvale Station takes its audience through the constant challenges to black family life - poverty , debt , crime , and the prospect that an encounter with the police can have deadly consequences .
A viewer may have a heavy heart in wondering precisely just what was fact and what was fiction but there is little doubt at how emotionally effective Coogler 's version of the story actually is .
If you leave the film with dry eyes , you 're a hell of a lot stronger than me , or than anyone in the Eccles theater the night I saw the film .
Even if every word of Coogler 's account of the last day in Grant 's life held up under close scrutiny , the film would still ring false in its relentlessly positive portrayal of its subject .
A shrewd script and career-launching performances drive a tragic modern story that carries heavy social weight .

@highlight

Passionate and powerfully acted , Fruitvale Station serves as a celebration of life , a condemnation of death , and a triumph for star Michael B. Jordan .