A beautiful rarity of a coming-of-age story .
Just when you want the movie to take a daring leap , it steps back from the ledge and starts resembling too many others you 've seen about addiction .
The Spectacular Now works because it insists on allowing these actors and characters to pull you in with their alarming emotional candor .
Plenty of movies about teens are released every summer , but very few successfully capture what it is really like to be on the brink of adulthood . The Spectacular Now ... is one of the few that does , and it does it , well , spectacularly .
There are scenes , moments , and dialogue in this film that ring so true that it all comes rushing back , a flood of memories and emotions and a little bit of pain .
An unusually evasive piece of filmmaking - hard to pin down , but all the more worthwhile for its craftiness .
James Ponsoldt 's The Spectacular Now is one of the uncommon pieces of teen cinema that rings true .
Every time the film teeters on the precipice of a generic plot point it satisfyingly withdraws into more subtle and nuanced territory that ultimately coalesces in a final act that is sentimental without being sugary .
t 's a coming-of-age-slash-first-love story , with beguiling leads , a frank , bittersweet script , a lived-in , rustic setting -LRB- the outskirts of Athens , Georgia -RRB- , an intense awareness of class difference and a mood that 's all its own .
The key to The Spectacular Now 's success is in its insight , empathy , and fantastic performances .
Far superior to most teen films , Weber and Neustadter 's irreverent and unpredictable writing repeatedly upturns the clichés of the genre .
Its straight-forward execution allows for lovely emotional complications .
This seems like a good moviemaking lesson for contrivance-addicts : Naturalism works if you work it .
Another whimsical romantic romp from the folks who brought you -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer .
the lessons its measures out and the means it uses to explain them create one of the best , most compelling cases for growing up ever put on film .
In James Ponsoldt 's new film The Spectacular Now , issues of delinquency , alcoholism , and the peer pressures associated with being a common teenager are explored with such depth and uncharacteristic honesty ...
Succeeds in pinpointing that part of us that is terrified to grow up , and examines the inherent fear of what we 'll grow in to .
Both actors have contrasting acting styles but still find common emotional footing .
An honest and powerful look at teenagers who look and act like real people .
The Spectacular Now definitely IS that genuine and refreshing take on the cool-guy-falls-in-love-with-the-dorky-girl story .
This low-budget production is all about the performances , with Kyle Chandler turning up late in the piece as Sutter 's father , Smashed 's Mary Elizabeth Winstead as his slightly snobby sister and a cool supporting cast of appealing young ` uns .
If John Hughes was still alive , The Spectacular Now is precisely the kind of film he 'd make ... Very earthy , true-to-life & honest , with naturalistic performances so good you wo n't mind hearing the word `` awesome '' 4000 times .
Simply the best teen drama , or coming of age film , I 've seen in years . Perfectly performed by young actors with an incredibly mature balance of naturalism and spark , the film is funny , immensely charming , moving , and inspiring . I left with goosebumps .
But even when the tone gets a bit puritanical in the stretch , director James Ponsoldt 's respect for his characters keeps things relatively real and still entertaining . If only more teen dramadies could claim that elusive pairing .
What you thought would be a generic high-school romance turns into an edgy character drama with dark , uncompromising undertones .
-LSB- Ponsoldt -RSB- enjoys playing with our expectations by following conventions , luring us into the sense that we know what 's coming , and then swerving just a little off-road for a detour .
The film deals believably and honestly with teen anxieties about the future , while also exploring the familial impact of addiction .
Stark and gritty , this may be the most down-to-earth teen romance ever , filled with touches of unpredictable , inescapable reality .
One of the best modern coming-of-age tales , told with depth and , more importantly , wisdom .
Teller and Woodley are good but it is Kyle Chandler who really shines in this young love story .
Shailene Woodley and Miles Teller are , well , spectacular in the lead roles , helping to elevate what could easily have been a standard coming-of-age drama .
There 's an element so relevant to the credibility of the story that the script avoids completely and it 's shocking this fundamental defect is n't provoking more contempt .
The Spectacular Now marks the return of the great coming-of-age movie
Director James Ponsoldt has a drinking problem . The problem is that he apparently ca n't stop making movies about drinking .
And credit the filmmakers for not dramatizing the fateful `` first time . '' In so many films it 's portrayed as serious and painful , almost like a punishment . Here it is shown the way I remember it ... nervous banter and a lot of giggling .
The film 's utter believability on all fronts is its greatest asset .
Nothing spectacular , skip it .
Teller and Woodley make lasting impressions in this bittersweet , unassuming little summer gem , a movie that 's `` spectacular '' in own simple way .
Both Teller and Woodley are engaging actors who put forth their character 's struggles with tremendous conviction and guile .
Ponsoldt has created a coming-of-age movie that wo n't leave you rolling your eyes .
Maybe I 'm missing something , but I found The Spectacular Now a good bit shy of spectacular .
Packages a couple of great performances and superior atmosphere into one of the best films of the summer .
Unfortunately , an odd paradox emerges . The more we learn about Aimee -- the more she is presented in depth , as a complicated character -- the more she is revealed to be , in fact , just a prop for Sutter 's rehabilitation and redemption .
Together , Teller and Woodley have a chemistry that Hollywood would bottle if it could .
For most of its running time , The Spectacular Now appears headed for 10 Best territory -- this year 's equivalent of 2012 's The Perks of Being a Wallflower . ... But a late-inning incident leads to a curiously rushed final act .
Strikes a bittersweet note of unaffected authenticity ...
Teller and Woodley infuse their respective characters with an easy authenticity that proves impossible to resist .
Unlike other teen movies , director James Ponsoldt has molded characters that seem real ; they are not exceptionally sculpted or beautiful . He gets his young actors to believably express the confusion and insecurities that are prevalent among teenagers .
Teller and director Ponsoldt have crafted a character who only grows more sympathetic as the complications below his sunny exterior are revealed .
-LSB- A -RSB- nuanced and unsentimental coming-of-age film .
The spectacular performance comes from Woodley , last seen as the rebellious daughter of George Clooney in The Descendants . She embodies every shy girl in high school whose inner beauty makes her sparkle .
All parties involved have delivered an emotionally-thoughtful , heartfelt , funny , life-affirming movie .
I think the fact that these lovers are teenagers is a bit of a distraction . This is a relationship every bit as exhilarating and thorny as any adult relationship we 'll see on a movie screen .
This adaptation of Tim Tharp 's novel , directed with delicate restraint by James Ponsoldt , sneaks up on you . It makes you laugh , then it breaks your heart .
Teller and Woodley hum together , and the movie does their performances justice .
... a film which does n't necessarily equate to its title in the early going . It should grow on you , however ...
As a wisely devised teenage drama , The Spectacular Now treats kids and adults respectfully , even their foolish weaknesses . That respect extends to the audience .
It 's less like watching a movie and more like eavesdropping on what goes on between a boyfriend and a girlfriend when parents are n't around .
Our expectations have been dulled by countless conventional narratives whose devices Ponsoldt fulfills and subverts in ways that turn loss and disillusionment into hope and redemption , without resorting to stereotype or cliché .
Wonderfully immersive film into the emotional lives of two vulnerable teen-agers in love as they move forward in their tenuous relationship .
This coming-of-age movie should appeal to smart , sensitive young people who have n't been exposed to the better examples of the genre .
It 's just a good small film made by people who share a goal of trying to create real characters rather than their spin on stereotypes .
Characters we care about are still the best special effect out there .
Teller and Woodley are both outstanding , and whenever they 're onscreen together , the movie is mesmerizing .
One of the best films this year
There 's so much tender , relatable emotion in these characters and their experiences , and so much underlying goodness in them .
Finally , a worthy teen movie
The writing is as subtle as a Slurpee -- even a spiked one .
The film is engrossing all the way through , the sweetest , saddest , most humane movie I 've seen all year .
It aspires to be the ` Say Anything ' for the latchkey generation , and for the most part , it achieves that lofty goal via smart , clever writing and a cast that does n't miss a beat .
Above all , I recommend it for Shailene Woodley , who fulfills here the promise she showed in The Descendants . ... But alas , the film fumbles its turning-point crisis .
So many films featuring teens seem overstimulated or familiar . This one strikes a deep , rich note and holds it .
By the end of The Spectacular Now , you 're not quite ready to let these characters go .
Teller has a charming , easy charisma to him , and it 's no problem at all to take a shine to Sutter , even as you see him make bad decision after bad decision .
James Ponsoldt 's `` The Spectacular Now '' hits on something few movies do : an honest , believable depiction of teenagers , in love and out .
A cleareyed , disarmingly tender teenage romance that bears comparison with the best of its genre , both old -LRB- `` Say Anything '' -RRB- and new -LRB- `` The Perks of Being a Wallflower '' -RRB- .
Even if it feels like the events of the film let Sutter and Aimee down , they remain people we root for until the very end .
The Spectacular Now captures the exhilaration and confusion , longing and dread of young romance with raw honesty and insight . Nothing rings false , nothing feels `` cute . ''
This might not be a spectacular movie , but compared to the stuff Hollywood usually churns out about teenagers , it 's a breath of fresh air .
A mature film about immature people , tenderly performed by its young leads and skillfully adapted , by -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer screenwriters Scott Neustadter and Michael H. Weber , from Tim Tharp 's YA novel .
It 's rare hybrid : a movie that can find an audience among both adults and teens .
In The Spectacular Now , the high school seniors look and talk like actual high school seniors .
The movie looks like any number of party-time high school movies , but burrows much deeper into its characters and situations , leaving a satisfyingly complex portrait of a guy you might actually know .
The Spectacular Now forgoes easy wistfulness in favor of untidy human emotion - as grounded in the compassionate and engaging turns by the film 's leads .
The Spectacular Now is a wonderful drama about damaged people and the cyclical nature of emotional injury .
Miles Teller and Shailene Woodley are one of the most appealing onscreen couples in recent memory .
The performances from the leads are nothing short of outstanding , with award nominations likely in the cards for both . -LRB- Full Parental Review also available -RRB-
The Spectacular Now is zesty , funny , sad , and wise beyond its characters ' years .
The movie captures the raw excitement and heartbreak of adolescence so completely that it manages to replace a seen-it-all jaded heart with the butterflies that accompany fresh experiences .
It feels real , its emotions earned . It shies away from the Big Dramatic Moment for the most part , instead doling out little victories and small defeats , which is similar to the way most of us experienced our teen years .
Fairly close to great , a lovely movie about young people that is in no way a formula picture . Original , truthful and moving : It 's not about the phenomenon of being young , but about the particular characters , who are as specific and vivid as actual people .
Woodley is genuinely wonderful in it . And Teller 's right behind her .
Touching , funny , romantic , and so remarkably real , James Ponsoldt 's teen drama captures a truth about our formative years that so many other similar films fail to come close to grasping .
Teller and Woodley are phenomenal . My heart was floating through The Spectacular Now -- and you know what they say about what goes up .
... a remarkably precise portrait of a certain sort of high schooler .
Director James Ponsoldt has adapted Tim Tharp 's coming-of-age novel with heartfelt sincerity , but the movie lacks a cutting bite to push it past innocuous teenage drama to a truly deep portrait of adolescence .
Captures the life lessons that spring up unexpectedly when blind confidence dictates you 've got life all figured out
The film eventually begins to work against itself and erodes the goodwill that it had earned .
James Ponsoldt , who directed from a script by Michael H. Weber and Scott Neustadter , is a bit too glib to do justice to this material , but the young actors , especially Woodley , are quite fine .
How these characters affect each other 's decisions , and ultimate destiny , is at the heart of Neustadter and Weber 's screenplay , brought to life with admirable honesty and restraint by James Ponsoldt ...
The two leads , Miles Teller 's Sutter Keely and Shailene Woodley 's Aimee Finicky are so well drawn and believably portrayed that it 's impossible not to accept them as real .
... so near-perfectly pitched , it transcends its genre .
... another soulful story about adolescents careering messily into first loves .
The blossoming-love emotions ... are n't all that different from the ones you might encounter in a Nicholas Sparks movie , yet the intimacy between Sutter and Aimee feels real .
Here is a lovely film about two high school seniors who look , speak and feel like real 18-year-old middle-American human beings . Do you have any idea how rare that is ?
The fast-talking but increasingly insufferable Teller ... displays little ability to modulate his performance as the movie gradually turns darker and darker ...
Poignant teen drama does n't shy away from alcohol or sex .
The word `` alcoholic '' is never uttered in this movie , but more and more , you see that 's the crutch .
The sojourn into John Hughes territory distracts from the film 's real story , which centers on a young alcoholic hurtling toward the abyss .
Remarkable for the ease with which it positions itself outside this arena of aggressively stylized self-differentiation .
A wryly funny , compassionate and wise portrait of teens on the cusp of adulthood .
Mr. Ponsoldt ably charts a journey through the high stakes of adolescence , with both Sutter and Mr. Teller showing great promise .
-LSB- A -RSB- culturally astute drama , spiked with enough comedy to make it splendidly intoxicating to watch .
Everything about this film is special , director James Ponsoldt -LRB- `` Smashed '' -RRB- pitching the material so acutely that he 's able to bring us to the brink of tragedy and pull back into an ending full of open-hearted hope .
`` The Spectacular Now , '' which was directed by James Ponsoldt , is a movie of uns-unforced , unhurried , unpretentious .
The focus in James Ponsoldt 's affecting , intelligent drama is a pair of teenagers , and in them is so much complexity and heart that this casually paced gem feels rich in scope .
James Ponsoldt 's funny and touching coming-of-age tale covers old ground with disarming freshness ... By taking it slow , The Spectacular Now takes a piece out of you .
But even in its rougher patches , The Spectacular Now has a disarming earnestness that keeps it on the level , helped along by two superb lead performances that add up to more than their sum .
Swaps storytelling truisms for the natural beat of life and thanks to outstanding performances from Teller and Woodley , that results in an exceptionally raw and poignant experience .
Unlike so many formulaic movies , The Spectacular Now presents us with complicated characters you ca n't sum up in a one-sentence log line .
That these moments end up feeling more true than false , as if torn from a diary and not a screenwriting handbook , is thanks principally to the actors bringing them to life .
A pure gem of a teen romance graced with sparkling acting by its young leads , Miles Teller and Shailene Woodley , as high-school seniors falling awkwardly in love .
It often bugged me while I was watching it , but I could n't stop thinking about it afterwards , which made it an awful lot like observing someone else 's flawed love affair in real life .
Ponsoldt 's treatment of the material , adapted from Tom Tharp 's novel , brings clarity to emotional tenor of growing under duress , allowing it to excel at recognizing the limitations of the material .
A rare , special movie that makes sympathy a thrill , and the goodness of its characters enough motivation for successful drama .
The Spectacular Now is an unusually deep coming-of-age story about characters who resemble people you 've known in life rather than encountered in other movies .
Hey , Hollywood can still do romance !
You watch the movie with your heart in your throat ...
The director 's attention to well-rounded , non-stereotypical characterization is spread evenly throughout the ensemble .
Miles Teller and Shailene Woodley bring some heavyweight acting chops to The Spectacular Now , taking your emotions on a beautifully jarring roller coaster ride .
The Spectacular Now reminds us that even the most familiar set ups and stories can feel refreshing and energized by superb execution .
The honest way all the actors approach their relationships with one another make The Spectacular Now not only a good time but a story worth viewing .
You have to give Ponsoldt some credit for getting strong and naturalistic performances out of the entire cast .
It 's a sensitive story with no easy answers but a damned worthwhile set of questions .
The Spectacular Now was adapted from a novel by Tim Tharp , and that 's part of what accounts for its rich and exploratory psychological texture , but it 's also not afraid of being an all-out teen movie .
The Spectacular Now manages to transcend its teen-drama framework to become one of the most poignant and gratifying films of this year 's Sundance .
This bittersweet ode to the moment of childhood 's end builds quietly to a pitch-perfect finale .
The Spectacular Now is a finely-made , assured and deeply felt film that still has hope and love in it , precisely because it understands , and shows , what hope and love cost .
While its deliberate rhythm may prove to be a harder sell among the teen crowd , it 's a valuable and honest film that 's worth the investment .
This is a movie I want to avoid over-praising because I think it will function best as a discovery and without inflated expectations . It 's worth checking out and making up your own mind .
At the very least , it proves that Woodley 's vulnerable performance in The Descendants was no fluke , and sets up Teller as easily one of the best actors of his age .
Most of it has the melancholy sense of life just passing by -- until , that is , someone has the courage to grab it and make it take some meaning and form .
Honest . Real . One of the best pictures of the year .
Does n't find new ground but finds new ways to make this story feel personal and involving .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- `` The Spectacular Now '' is the work of inexperienced screenwriters .
Given the film 's early promise , it 's unfortunate how it turns into a largely reductive Freudian character piece in which the main character has to come to terms with his old man .
Wonderful acting by both the high school seniors and the adults should make this movie a draw for both youths and grownups . It 's about a life-of-the-party lad following in his dad 's alcoholic footsteps .
Most teen movies are cocktails of melancholy and elation . This one is best at its most un-transcendent-when it most evokes that period when we never knew what we were supposed to do with the pain .
`` The Spectacular Now '' wins a lot of points for avoiding conventional scenes
The Spectacular Now does not come close to earning that certain kind of isolation that teenagers feel , certainly never coming close to equaling the year in Charlie 's ` Wallflower ' existence .
Young adulthood is rarely portrayed with such conviction , in a manner that connects with both its core teen audience and a wider adult demographic .
A star-making part for Miles Teller . Along with PERKS OF BEING A WALLFLOWER , one of the best coming of age movies of our generation . John Hughes would be proud .
Written by the screenwriters of -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer , the film injects some hard-won poignancy into the tale of a young man wavering on the precipice of adulthood .
It 's a bittersweet movie that I ca n't wait to see again .
The most important adult-oriented film about the victories and woes of high school life in the last decade .
A sincere , refreshingly unaffected look at teenagers and their attitudes about the future .

@highlight

The Spectacular Now is an adroit , sensitive film that avoids typical coming-of-age story trappings .