A sinister and unnerving tale interested in exploring three dynamic characters that not only feel grounded and real , but are used as vessels to promote some provocative discussion on morality , bullying , and trust
It 's a competent but unrewarding watch .
Joel Edgerton just released his directorial debut , The Gift , and it 's really good . So while yes , fewer actors should become directors , Joel Edgerton gets a pass because he is actually good at it .
Instead of being a generic horror or psychological thriller , The Gift is a superior drama with a plethora of thrilling moments .
The Gift is efficiently and quite memorably chilling .
-LSB- The gift -RSB- moves beyond a routine stalker-thriller and creating something deeply unsettling in anyone who ever wondered how they were perceived back in high school and the extent to which they have changed .
There are promising moments here , but The Gift is too on-the-nose to convince as a fully formed feature . A commendable effort , nonetheless .
The Gift is almost unbearably tense
The Gift is a tense , unsettling and expertly crafted psychological thriller that keeps the audience consistently on edge . -LSB- Full review in Japanese -RSB-
The Gift is a film that just keeps on giving .
It concludes with one of the most repugnant turns this side of a '60s - era exploitation `` roughie , '' a `` twist '' so vile it pretty much cancels out the considerable skill and accomplishment of what 's preceded it .
The third act of `` The Gift '' is so gross , so exploitative that it 's a wonder it made it from page to screen uncontested .
-LSB- The movie -RSB- twists an awkward encounter with an old high-school acquaintance into a cracking psychological thriller that offers some genuine surprises .
Joel Edgerton has enogh smarts and directorial instinct so as not to bet everything on the screenplay 's ingenuity . The film 's strong spatial notion is proof of this . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Anchored by a few strong performances and an intriguing central story , The Gift is certainly not without a fault , but it 's got enough about it to leave it lingering in your mind after the credits roll .
A film that shows us a potential great filmmaker that watches every detail in order to surprise you . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Girft is a psychological thriller that knows how to create a certain disqueting feel in its spectators , parting from a subtle yet powerful creepy vibes . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The brilliant performances of the three leads add to the film 's insight into human behavior and portrayal of a socio-economic culture that closes its eyes to those who exploit the weak just because they can .
In its more sophisticated aspects , The Gift is the triumph of an acting-writing-directing triple threat who knows what an audience wants , but also just how much they need .
Joel Edgerton proves a triple threat in `` The Gift , '' as writer , director , and creepy villain of the piece .
-LSB- The Gift features -RSB- a disturbing change in focus , one that drops you deep inside a whole other set of clichés .
The Gift is ostensibly about the power of an idea , but this thoughtful film encourages us to look afresh at our own behaviour and relationships .
The taut script and slow-build ratchet the tension before a surprisingly nasty finale , with some perfect jump-out-of-your-seat shocks . All in all , a real gift .
`` The Gift '' is 2015 's best low-octane thriller . Just settle down , sit back and let the events unfold . Things are not what they seem . We know .
The Gift may initially feel like it 's something we 've all seen before , but it builds to a tremendous crescendo . This is a dark and twisted gem of a thriller with a gut-punch of an ending .
Here 's hoping that Edgerton 's future films are as smart and nuanced as this one .
A grilled-cheese sandwich of a thriller , The Gift slaps a slice of Jason Bateman in the middle of a white bread story and throws him in the skillet until he ... starts to melt .
Brilliant .
It 'll resonate for days as a powerful statement on how easily lives can be ruined by words .
It 's a concept that 's more often the basis of arrested development comedies about late bloomers who finally come into their own , but there 's nothing funny about how the past looms over the adults that Gordo and Simon have become .
The best psychological thriller in ages .
Begins as a familiar ` Cape Fear ' - type suspenser but twists into an unusual psychological drama that challenges the viewer 's presumptions while critiquing a me-first culture that rewards deception and bullying .
The movie works because of two main things : empathy and the well crafted ambiguity of its characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a haunting piece of great cinema . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Marketed as a horror-thriller , this sharply well-made film is actually a bleak drama with a strong message about bullying .
The type of film that injects new life to the suspense genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Edgerton proves he 's a great director , he can write a script , and he is also really convincing as Gordo . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Leads us down deep , dark depths that are rich in dramatic tension , with every layer exposed revealing home truths that speak to the disturbing lows that we humans can succumb to .
An excellent thriller with an interesting subject and an even better delivery . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Making his debut as director , actor/writer Joel Edgerton creates complex characters in an effective thriller full of surprises . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An amazing psichological thriller that goes into familiar ground of the genre and then breaks all the rules . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A smart and thrilling cat and mouse game where Edgerton plays with the amiguity of the characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's a great work of suspense during the whole movie , definitely worth seeing . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The biggest strength of The Gift , however , might be the keenly observant characterizations .
Edgerton is unsettling you every moment that he 's on and off screen .
Though The Gift is a relatively small film , it carries with it a strong emotional impact , and augurs well for Edgerton 's future on every side of the camera .
A slick , well-constructed and original take on a trustworthy sub-genre of psychological thriller : the creepy guy who turns up in a nice couple 's lives , seems nice , probably is n't .
Using yet another of his cleverly constructed scripts as a blueprint , Edgerton has crafted a ripping mainstream thriller that will only enhance his reputation as one of this country 's finest cinematic talents .
All in all , a very entertaining and disquieting psychological drama that demonstrates that Edgerton certainly has -LRB- ahem -RRB- a gift .
The effectiveness of the film could justifiably be put down to Edgerton 's clear talents as a budding film-maker alone , but in this instance it is fair to say he was obviously helped by the two other leads to render such a dynamic outcome .
You may not be jumping out of your seat but you 're likely to be feeling a little uncomfortable .
What starts out as a standard psycho drama soon develops into a deliciously malicious tale of deceit and secrecy , ridden with some ingenious left turns ... will hopefully see Edgerton serve more time behind the camera .
It is not a perfect film , but it is a strangely powerful one that plays with familiar tropes to reveal darker depths than we might have expected .
Full of great scares and even greater performances .
It 's a psychological thriller and it does what thrillers are supposed to do ; create a sense of genuine dread out of those murky , unwanted thoughts that we all share about who we are and what we want .
Edgerton 's talent as an actor has been evident for a while , but The Gift announces him as a genuine triple threat .
There 's nothing overtly flashy about Edgerton 's direction , but he crafts some nerve-jolting scares .
Engrossing , but not as logical or as smart as it thinks it is .
Even if there are some generic elements , the mildly provocative screenplay features some clever twists and keeps the rooting interest for moviegoers appropriately uncertain .
The story itself keeps you guessing as to where it is headed with question marks hanging over the three main players .
Edgerton the director makes a competent debut here , but Edgerton the actor is all wrong for the part of Gordon -- he 's a cool kid doing his impression of a nerd . Even worse , the final reveal is pretty repellent .
You get the feeling that you 're in for a treat right from the first few frames of The Gift .
The Gift chillingly illustrates what happens when fate reunites a class bully -LRB- Jason Bateman -RRB- with his prize victim , Gordo -LRB- Edgerton -RRB- .
A well-judged , slickly-made thriller that mostly eschews the trappings of the genre for more psychological unease and a disturbingly dark vision of the world .
Smarter , cleverer , and subtly creepier than what one might expect from its premise .
Like Cape Fear or Fatal Attraction , the chills here come from lines being crossed and waters muddied . It 's a small film but surprisingly accomplished one .
Clever and atmospheric , the film has enough twists to keep the average viewer guessing .
The conclusion will probably stun you , and it 's firmly good and scary . But possibly not worth waiting through everything before it .
Officially , this is a blank-from-hell movie . But Edgerton has remixed the formula .
Those expecting a jump-filled home invasion movie may come away disappointed , but everyone else should find much to enjoy in this tense , uncomfortable work of high melodrama .
The Gift does n't succumb to genre banalities until its final scenes . That 's more than enough reason to see it .
Joel Edgerton is a legitimate triple threat .
This is a psychological thriller that reflects a genuine grasp of human psychology . That 's uncommon . It 's what made Hitchcock Hitchcock . It 's what makes The Gift one of the extremely rare films that deserve to be described as `` Hitchcockian . ''
Joel Edgerton 's debut feature as director , The Gift , is the best kind of great movie : It does n't announce itself as great at all .
`` The Gift '' is a movie full of surprises - and one of them is that it is surprisingly good .
An `` R '' - rated warning of the dangers of childhood bullying , Australian actor Joel Edgerton 's tense directorial debut shows promise for both the modern psychological thriller genre and for himself as a legitimate filmmaker .
The Gift burns slow , far more concerned with character than it is with easy shocks , and it 's because of this that when those do come , they hit all the harder . Novel stuff , huh ?
Intelligent , well-crafted , unpretentious thrillers like this do n't come along all that often any more . For fans of this sort of film , The Gift feels in tune with its title .
Edgerton invites you down the well-trodden path of great 1990s thrillers like Unlawful Entry and Pacific Heights , but then takes an unexpected diversion .
A psychologically rich and suspenseful thriller that neatly subverts just about every expectation set by those generic previews .
One of the most skillfully executed thrillers you 're likely to come across . The film is a great example of how intelligence in storytelling creates far more suspense than generic attempts at shock .
An impressive directorial debut from one of the film 's stars .
While it is a suspenseful thriller through and through , The Gift is simultaneously a complex character study for all three of the principal leads .
Of all Blumhouse 's productions , this is the one that really deserved to be called Insidious .
The Gift starts out like so many other thrillers before it - with an attractive , well-to-do couple purchasing a big new house - and then beats its own , uniquely tense and twisted path from there .
Smart , unexpected and beautifully directed , ` The Gift ' is just that for fans of psychological thrillers .
Slick psychological slow-burn comeuppance thriller .
Electrifying thriller , delivering a timely , turbulent twist ... .
The surprise emergence of a highly talented writer-director . Bravo to Bateman for taking on such a tough role .
After striking it rich with demon-based , supernatural franchises ... it seems as if charmed production company Blumhouse has found a winning way with human-based horror as well .
The Gift is a haunting character drama that successfully incorporates elements of the thriller and psychological horror genres .
It does little to reinvent how it riles you , but it does n't have to . Co-star/writer/director Joel Edgerton delivers a confidently patient , psychologically potent and wonderfully acted -LRB- especially by Bateman -RRB- parable of victimization and vindication .
Just when we think we know where The Gift is going , we 're surprised . And then surprised again .
While Edgerton clearly owes a lot to the works of Alfred Hitchcock and Michael Haneke , he 's not content to merely pay homage to them , but to live up to their high standard .
`` The Gift '' is full of various ludicrous acts , though , in full disclosure , I did scream at one predictable surprise -- shame on me !
`` The Gift '' is a nail-biter , a movie that appears to present to its audience one cliche after another , but continually surprises us with the unexpected .
The Gift ranks as summer 's classiest , most unexpected surprise , a psychological thriller that actually thrills .
-LSB- The Gift -RSB- is a solid revenge thriller . It 's also a stirring psychodrama about people who intimidate and terrorize others as well as a thoughtful consideration of the consequences of bullying .
Edgerton not only wrote the movie but makes an impressive directorial debut with the ripe-for-discussion subject matter of bullying and its after-effects .
Consider the title an apt one . The Gift comes wrapped in the packaging of a psycho-thriller , but as the layers come off , you are gifted with something more complex , unexpected and thoroughly chilling .
This is such a fine psychological thriller that there are several scenes that make you jump out of your skin . There 's even a fine homage to one of Hitchcock 's most famous scenes . This is a film not to be missed .
Edgerton seems to have pulled `` The Gift '' right out of a time capsule from 1992 .
The true star of `` The Gift '' is Joel Edgerton as director . His deft , control of plot , character , style , and tone is damn near perfect - even if it is in service of a very standard genre piece .
The sort of thriller that keeps on giving until the very end . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sexual Content , Profanity , Violence , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
`` The Gift '' uses the tricks of the thriller trade well , but why it really works is that it withholds the necessary information until almost the very end .
-LSB- The conclusion -RSB- dramatically overplays its hand and overstays its welcome almost more than Gordo himself .
Quibbles about the ending aside , The Gift deserves to be ranked among such films as Bill Paxton 's underrated Southern gothic thriller Frailty .
The film 's well-worn concept is re-energised with some ingenious plot swerves and a last-act shock right up there with Gone Girl .
-LSB- An -RSB- unexpected , unpredictable and profoundly unnerving psychological thriller ...
Edgerton 's touch as a director and writer is fluid - he eerily holds our attention , like Hitchcock holds a door for Tippi Hedren .
It touches on notions of trust , the male ego and forgiveness , but Edgerton does n't overturn any new stones .
... writer/director Edgerton does a superb job of ultimately subverting one 's expectations ...
First-time director Edgerton makes everything look beautiful even when it 's deeply sinister , and his cast all do a great job .
What makes one child persecute another ? Do bullies really change as they grow older ? It is while exploring these questions that the film is at its most intriguing .
For heat-ravaged late summer moviegoers , The Gift ought to do just fine .
A dynamite psychological suspenser that plays like a greatest-hits compilation of Alfred Hitchcock , Michael Haneke and John Carpenter . This is classy filmmaking with inventively devilish intent .
The usual certainties of a conventional nailbiter are turned on their heads and you 're left with a draining sense of dread .
Better to go in unaware and let Edgerton take you where he will .
-LSB- An -RSB- expertly crafted exercise in guilt , ambiguity and revenge .
It 's a taut psychological thriller that serves up a series of sickening jolts and a queasy sense of menace .
This indie pulse-raiser is more of a stealth shocker than an overt one , even if the twisted payoff is telegraphed to anyone paying attention .
A disturbing drama that twists its outsider-from-hell story into something more unique and unexpected than its marketing campaign might imply .
The Gift sets up as a stalker movie , but there 's something in the smart writing -LRB- Edgerton directed and contributed the screenplay -RRB- and the performances that hint at more .
The growing mismatch between polished exteriors and unravelling interiors provides a field day for the actors .
One of the many gifts conferred by The Gift is the unaccustomed pleasure of feeling like putty in the hands of a first-rate storyteller .
It 's tight and taut , and much creepier than it is actually scary , though it has a jump-in-your-seat moment or two .
The film begins , as its trailer insinuates , like a creepy stalker flick , but Edgerton continually throws out lures to hook then subvert audience expectations .
The movie 's finale resolves everything by raising another , ultimately unanswered question , which would be a fascinating solution , if not for how repugnant that question is .
Edgerton -- who also wrote The Square and the story for The Rover -- exploits Bateman 's smarty-pants persona to chilling effect ; he 's the rare triple threat who 's more valuable behind the camera than in front of it .
The Gift may not be a true revelation , but it is an effective and workmanlike thriller
A story that seems deceptively simple and predictable which then defies those expectations , it 's both a satisfying popcorn thriller and a complex morality tale .
Unnerving and jaw-droppingly memorable .
Mirroring the seeming randomness of the universe , The Gift is borderline sublime in its ability to both confound expectations and fuel nightmares . Well played on all counts , Joel Edgerton .
Even before it hurtles off the rails , the plot has enough holes to fill the Albert Hall .
It 's a confident thriller suffused with dread that builds suspense without breaking until it 's too late to turn back - with a few jump scares thrown in for good measure .
... a nastily subtle piece of work leading viewers through a gantlet of insinuations , a mystery spreading in unexpected directions like a blood pool .
The Gift is one of those rare movies that does n't really work at all but keeps you watching as the mistakes and bad calls keep piling up . You want to see where it goes , you want to see if it can pull out of the dive .
Edgerton has created a movie that respects the intelligence of the audience . He 's created an ending that will spark debates and that 's a blessing in the summer plot doldrums where everything gets wrapped up with a loud bang or big scare .
`` The Gift '' is an original thriller tied up with a thematic bow about how everyone reaps what he or she sows . Karma is everywhere you look .
More than anything , Edgerton 's script and direction demonstrate a keen understanding of tension and what puts an audience on edge .
The ending will have people buzzing , and most likely wanting to take a shower .
At heart this is a three-character chamber piece . And Bateman , Hall and Edgerton are three very interesting actors showcased in a confident directorial debut .
Haunting `` Gift '' one of the year 's best .
`` The Gift '' stretches things a little too much for it to be a first-rate thriller . Still , among second-rate thrillers , it 's one of the best .
A very solid directorial debut for Joel Edgerton . Jason Bateman is terrific .
A dark and ultimately quite nasty psychological thriller from actor/writer/debut director Joel Edgerton , who manages to yank the carpet out from under his audience a couple of times .
Continually had me on edge , with an appreciation that the person behind a thriller actually wants audiences to feel intellectually challenged , not physically bludgeoned .
The Gift comes across like a naff slasher movie from its trailer , but in reality it 's a nifty little psychological thriller that asks if it 's possible to run away from buried secrets in your past .
This resourceful and edgy thriller marks another string in the talented Edgerton 's bow .
The Gift is categorically not the film you first think it 's going to be , but it has fun teasing you with the prospect .
Edgerton is n't above a hoary jump scare or two , but he otherwise tackles his Cape Fear premise with a degree of technical and dramatic intelligence .
`` The Gift '' is a low-budget , high-reward thriller and a confident first feature from a talented filmmaker .
Underneath it all , `` The Gift '' is a merciless critique of an amoral corporate culture in which the ends justify the means , and lying and cheating are O.K. , as long as they 're not found out .
Edgerton effectively subverts expectations .
`` The Gift '' has its flaws and irritations , and the whole endeavor would be better off just trying to disturb the audience instead of forcing them to jump .
An engrossing tale of long-buried secrets that finally bring retribution ... cheekily suspenseful and unsettling right down to a satisfyingly twisted ending .
Akin to a high-wire act , in the sense that it keeps threatening to turn into the stupid movie it seems to be sending up .
A satisfying directorial debut from writer , producer and actor Joel Edgerton .
Joel Edgerton 's boilerplate direction is a blessing for a genre increasingly saddled with literal visualizations of madness .
There 's a movie lover 's gift at the heart of Joel Edgerton 's terrifically entertaining thriller . Because this chilly chiller has a lot more on its mind than only getting you to jump out of your seat .
-LSB- The Gift -RSB- repeatedly subverts viewers ' expectations .
A darkly unnerving psychological thriller .
Descends into emotional idiocy and insufficient intrigue to end in a disgusting place that presumes that a woman is an appropriate pawn in games men play .
Gender stereotyping aside , The Gift is an otherwise accomplished debut feature with far more ambition than standard genre fare .
The Gift too effectively plays possum with its first half , but the charade eventually gives way to an unexpectedly smart and twisted thriller .
Likely the strongest actor-to-director debut since Ben Affleck 's Gone Baby Gone .
Is there truly a villain in this story ? Unlike most Hollywood productions it depends on your point of view and that makes the film something of an unexpected surprise .
It turns into a considerably more intriguing and twisty psychological drama with a distinctly European flavour ...
A coolly unsettling thriller that begins as an unironic homage to late - '80s / early - '90s yuppies-in-peril dramas ... before taking a turn toward the moral and existential minefield of Michael Haneke 's Cache .
Joel Edgerton 's feature-length directorial debut is a pleasant -- or pleasantly unpleasant -- surprise , hitting its genre marks in brisk , unfussy fashion and raising a few hairs on the back of your neck along the way .
Nothing here feels cheap or hasty , which is why the horror , when it comes , is all the more chilling and grim . Slick , sharp and terrifying , `` The Gift '' is a truly brilliant thriller - and , one hopes , the first of many features from Edgerton to come .
A fine , tension-filled , intelligent thriller from an exciting emerging filmmaker .

@highlight

The Gift is wickedly smart and playfully subversive , challenging the audience 's expectations while leaving them leaning on the edges of their seats .