This star is not as much of a beauty as it could have been .
The oddball elements may surprise viewers expecting something a bit more ordinary in approach , but the surprise should be a pleasant one .
There was just enough connection between Claire Danes and Charlie Cox that happily ever after is exactly what I wanted .
Stardust is nothing short of pure magic .
On the surface , Stardust looks like a cheesy little fluff fantasy . In many ways it is . Yet at the same time , it 's also the most fun I 've had with a film since watching the first Pirates of the Caribbean .
Primo contemporâneo de A Princesa Prometida , o filme também traz referências óbvias a Macbeth e Rei Lear em sua agitada trama , revelando um senso de humor eficaz e com toques sombrios que o transformam em uma mais do que bem-vinda surpresa .
Like the star that falls to Earth near the beginning of the movie , Stardust is glittery and pretty and possesses its own pleasing-enough personality , but it wo n't set the world on fire .
Stardust is , ultimately , a pretty entertaining movie . It 's just not the great film that it so easily could have been .
... charming and enchanting and adventurous and romantic and funny and hugely entertaining .
There 's plenty of action and comedy , but Stardust is ultimately about true love . As with many fairytales , there 's no point in worrying about plot details , and it 's best enjoyed for its simple entertainment value .
Director Matthew Vaughn , best known for his grotesque gangster slasherfest Layer Cake , has absolutely no problem balancing equal servings of breathtaking imagination and perverse glee .
Wants to be the next-generation Princess Bride , and , boy , does it come close .
Should be congratulated as a film that aspires to the non-mainstream genre of fantasy fairy tale with a hint of Brothers Grimm edginess .
Dazzling fantasy rom-com has some dark moments .
Despite its faults , Stardust should at least be accounted a partial success - and certainly more than a failure .
Great family fun .
Brutally disappointing .
There 's a shameless romantic streak here , quite welcome in a boy-targeted genre that usually insists battles are cool and love is for wimps .
A wackily surreal , primary-coloured fairytale from a graphic novel by Neil Gaiman .
http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/6155d5ea-7cc4-11dc-aee2-0000779fd2ac.html
Vaughn pays scant attention to the niceties of a well-told story and buries his shekels in a sparkling cast .
A film with true cross-generational appeal , Stardust is as satisfying as any of the summer 's tent-pole blockbusters , and certainly more magical .
Great special effects , terrific scenery and a few good performances are dragged down by a sluggish storyline .
An uneven but entertaining romp that occasionally over-exerts itself . At times this Princess Bride wannabe feels more like The Adventures Of Baron Munchausen 2 , but it 's worth catching for Pfeiffer .
You could call it a cousin of ` Time Bandits ' or ` The Princess Bride ' , but it lacks the former 's originality and the latter 's heart .
There 's fantastical fun to be had here , but be sure to check cynicism at the door .
Patchy but great fun , peppering plenty of black humour into a sweet if silly fairy-tale romance .
Hugely enjoyable fantasy adventure with a witty script , strong comic performances , several wonderful gags and genuine chemistry between its two leads .
Massively pretty to look at , Stardust bursts with -LRB- original novel -RRB- author Gaiman 's trademark invention .
No more interesting or involving than The Adventures of Baron Munchausen
A fantasy fairy tale for adults who still believe in all things magical .
It is out-of-this-world fun and enjoyment .
It is more often fun than not .
Robert De Niro is a hoot as the pirate captain with a penchant for wearing red ostrich feathers as he does the Can Can in his underwear , and Michelle Pfeiffer amazes as she ages before our eyes going from exquisite beauty to wrinkled wicked witch in secon
Well , look what fell out of nowhere .
The cast is dynamite and funny % u2014particularly the cute hero Charlie Cox , the vain witch Michelle Pfeiffer and Robert De Niro playing further against type then ever before .
Like The Princess Bride meets Time Bandits with its quirky humour and unashamedly romantic plot .
A comical fantasy that has some great moments , but does n't quite hang together .
Pure imaginative escapism ...
Overall , Stardust is one of the better films I 've seen this summer because it is by and large more wholesome and sincere than the relentless thrill rides and self-referential comedies with which it competes .
Mr. Vaughn , I know The Princess Bride and your take on Stardust ai n't no Princess Bride .
Stardust will likely come up short in becoming a cult fave , but its earnest love story and cheeky sense of humor make it ripe for repeat viewings .
Stardust promises storybook adventure for grownups , who require -LRB- and deserve -RRB- a little fairy dust blown their way from time to time .
Do n't be fooled by the lackluster trailer , which paints this as being in the staid and wholesome Narnia mold -- it 's a lot more fun than that .
If you can give into the fantastic premise , `` Stardust '' is grand adventure on a grand scale .
I kept feeling that same tingling that I get toward the end of a Harry Potter book , that longing to know more about this world , to spend more time in it . A worthy comedic peer with The Princess Bride .
Stardust had little chance of standing up next to the classics even with a competent storyteller .
Every time it appears that the movie has exhausted its bag of tricks , it pulls out something else that 's sure to startle and please .
But Stardust conveys no palpable life or dream quality . You 're depressingly aware of an overeager special effects lab .
I will not hesitate in calling it the best film of the summer .
... blazes its own trail with the always-hopeful message that love indeed conquers all -LRB- unless a horrible death claims you first . -RRB-
Stardust is n't tidy , and it is n't tight -LRB- there are at least three climaxes -RRB- , but it has the courage to -- as countless other family films admonish -- be unapologetically itself .
Has a strong enough cast to cast you way above its unnecessary complications . The actors are , in fact , having such a grand time of it here , you might find yourself enjoying the movie purely for their performances .
Everybody has a lot of fun here .
Stardust bops along smoothly and confidently , filled with color and wit .
They might have saved something for a sequel but the sorcery of the enterprise is the three-ring fun of the showy inventions and Pfeiffer 's merry milking of the villainy cow .
It 's puffed up in obvious ways but disarmingly puckish in others .
Comedy turns out to be the saving grace of this film about a young prince on a magic quest to win the heart of a pretty girl .
The kind of genre-defying project that even an old hat like Peter Jackson would struggle with tone-wise and , despite his valiant effort , Vaughn ca n't quite seem to get the mix right .
A first-class fantasy film , one of the best . Gaiman is a fresh and a different voice in fantasy writing so the film is full of surprises and some genuinely funny jokes .
The violence is too much for young children , and the witches are too corny for older viewers .
Well cast and smartly directed by Matthew Vaughn , this colorful confection is better than it has any right to be .
playful as well as clever , and while the action of the story might be of the otherworldly variety , it sticks close to the emotions at play here , balancing a poignant sweetness with the lurking menace of black magic and even blacker human weakness
The comical , surprising De Niro turns Stardust into meteors of laughter .
Claire Danes may play a fallen star , but the real star in this pic is the visuals .
... a charming , upbeat , humorous , romantic experience full of action and adventure . Even better , it is a movie with a wonderful moral .
Stardust is the best live-action fairytale fantasy in recent memory . There is a great deal of humor peppered all throughout the entire film that , unlike that other animated fairytale franchise , is n't captured through pop culture references .
There are parts of this film that actually try to fly . The vast majority though is grounded in a level of labored levity that never provides the wings - or the wherewithal - to get airborne .
Stardust works better as a book than as a film . The film version is entertaining and fun but not quite magical .
Princess Bride never needed to jolt us to hold our attention ; the closer we get to the end of Stardust , the more it devolves into a furious special effects flourishes .
It adopts a slyly subversive tone -- two parts Princess Bride , one part Baron Munchausen -- and yet never disrespects its subject matter for a minute .
Pfeiffer and De Niro have a blast with their roles .
Fails for 1 full hour , then pivoting on De Niro 's flamboyant appearance , ascends to clouds . Too many cut up furry creatures & risque adult situations for kids & animal lovers .
A mild diversion , a likeable but not enthralling film that 's damned by the faint praise of being just a bit better than some of the other movies you might choose to take in .
A fairy tale ought to enchant ; this one just washes over you , painlessly but unmemorably .
While Stardust gets the overall fantasy tone right , it stumbles in the details .
Harry Potter for older teens and adults , that 's the best way to describe the fantastic fantasy ride that is Stardust .
A pleasant adult fairy tale about a young man who goes on a quest and returns home a different person transformed by what he has seen and experienced .
Most knowledgeable filmgoers can figure out who does what to whom and who winds up with whom . The enjoyable part is watching everyone get there .
A stern editor with a sense of dramatic timing could have given this film more tension to go with its random bursts of comedy and big , happy fantasy setpieces , but lacking tautness , it 'll have to settle for expansive joy .
It 's difficult to say more complimentary things than at least it was competently made .
Enjoyable bit of puffery .
`` Stardust '' has the one quality that all the money in the world can not buy and that all the visual effects technicians can never duplicate % u2013a genuine sense of fun .
This luminous , magical movie will dazzle even the fantasy-film phobic .
Stardust lights up the screen with a splendid tale of heroism and romance . You do n't have to be a fan of fantasies to enjoy its considerable whimsy .
Stardust -LSB- feels -RSB- episodic and clunky , constantly straining for the impression of overall coherent design that Gaiman renders invisible .
The strained , too-long Stardust is way off the mark .
Stardust has a sense of whimsy that keeps all the pretty pictures feeling magical , not like some CGI concoction .
Stardust suffers from uneven pacing and some cheesy-looking special effects . But the fine cast keeps things watchable .
Though the special effects are at times a little more elaborate than necessary , they do n't overwhelm the story 's human scale .
Stardust staggers with end-of-summer excess , seldom winning more than a weary gasp .
Entertains and even transports at times . But the spell is broken too often .
Vaughn has done justice to his source material , at times even surpassing it -LRB- his ending is way more satisfying than Gaiman 's -RRB- . It is mostly a delight and that is just fine .
Stardust in a nutshell : hardly great shakes , but better and more satisfying than it first seems .
Look deeply into Stardust and all you see is a slightly diluted Princess Bride , and a happily-ever-after you 've seen a dozen times before .
An overstuffed , overlong epic with a tongue-in-cheek approach that repeatedly begs unfavorable comparisons with The Princess Bride .
A kitchen-sink fantasy , in both mood and content . It is exciting , funny , adventurous , magical and very romantic . The special effects are great , but the characters are even better .
Stardust includes a troupe of familiar faces in small , witty parts , plus some genuinely original touches , but , despite being virtually busting with magic , is n't as magical as it should be .
The most surprising thing about Stardust is that its most winning element is neither its delightful story nor its special effects but its sly sense of humor .
The biggest drawback is that young stars Cox and Danes are insufferably colorless . Automatons could have given these performances .
Whimsy and wit are the prevailing special effects of Stardust .
No , Stardust is n't a children 's movie . It 's a movie for anyone , of any age , who believes in magic -- or wishes they did .
Unfortunately , putting witches in a script does not guarantee magic . Stardust simply has no sparkle .
Even if it is not as smart and emotionally affecting as MirrorMask it will alert moviegoers to the talent of Gaiman -- a storyteller for the ages .
We can tell you this : Your own pure escapism is assured .
As with most fairy tales , it can sound silly and overcomplicated because , really , it is silly and overcomplicated . That 's part of the fun , part of its out-of-this-world power .
Very good fun , and it taps right into same fanciful family movie market as The Princess Bride did 20 years ago .
Matthew Vaughn and Jane Goldman 's well-structured screenplay unfolds like a Princess Bride for the 21st century -- balancing derring-do with sly satire .
The movie is n't remotely as sardonic or irreverent as it so clearly wants to be .
Vaughn often directs this film as if he 's stuffing a pop-art cornucopia : a little Monty Python or Time Bandits here , and a little Peter Jackson there . What unifies the film is his fondness and affinity for the material .
A wonderfully inventive fairy tale that is original and defiant , as well as hilarious and adventurous .
Stardust may fall short of the fairy-tale grandeur and humor of -LSB- The Princess Bride -RSB- , but it has plenty of charms of its own .
I wish I could be more enthusiastic ... I like it just fine : it 's sweet and amusing and nicely diverting ... . But it 's not the next Princess Bride ...
Stardust is an attempted magical fantasy with so much going for it - splashy cast , budget-gobbling digital designs - that you wonder why it is n't going anywhere more , well , magical .
Pfeiffer rocks . The rest is merely rocky .
... a likeable charmer ...
It 's been quite some time since a fantasy adventure this cheekily entertaining has made its way down the pipeline .
While Vaughn 's goals to be faithful to Caiman 's literary source and also ground the fable in reality are honorable , the execution is uneven , resulting in a work that changes tone and style from reel to reel , making demands on viewers to take huge leaps .
They threw everything into this movie : a little swashbuckling adventure , a love story , acts of heroism and sacrifice , ghosts , witches , and never a dull moment . Enchanting .
... the easy comparison is to Rob Reiner 's similarly pitched The Princess Bride -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , it 's really more like a live action version of one of Hayao Miyazaki 's animated epics , but without the haunting resonance of the Japanese director 's best work .
Stardust will either usher in a new interest in fantasy films for grown-ups , or else become one of those cult movies whose devotees will eagerly seek out converts .
There are lots of good things in the movie , but they play more like vaudeville acts than part of a coherent plot . It 's a film you enjoy in pieces , but the jigsaw never gets solved .
For audiences tired of summer sequels that grind through the familiar motions , Stardust provides a dizzying antidote .
It does not have a great deal of soul , just a sense of adventure and a happily-ever-after ending .
Stardust is a magical mystery tour with just enough self-aware wit and great performances to make it a bright spot in summer films !
A delightful fantasy , part good-natured ribbing of conventions but still entirely charming and engaging as a straight-up fairy tale .
Quite straightforward , and we 're allowed to simply soak in the pleasantly surprising amount of fun stuff here .
The film is a kaleidoscope of wonderment , much of it bouncing off of the screen in such robust and magnificently layered detail a person needs to see it twice just to take it all in .
I wish that this film had the budget to pull off the special effects that it desperately needed .
Suffers mightily in the last third as Robert DeNiro shows up playing a pirate like he wants to out-Johnny-Depp the actual Johnny Depp
It is a film of awe and beauty , a flight of fancy bursting with the great marvels of the imagination .
This revisionist fairy tale is never quite able to find its tone .
Stardust has lost a good amount of its magic in the transformation from page to screen . It 's the cinematic equivalent of getting a punch in the mind 's eye by a bunch of fairies wearing the coolest Doc Martens this side of Florin .
As Vaughan demonstrated with Layer Cake , he can shift so smoothly between goofy and gruesome that you do n't feel a thing that he does n't want you to .
An utterly beguiling , magical film from start to finish .
If you 're looking for a funny , thrilling , charming summer picture , one just fell magically into your lap .
The movie assumes that its churning energy , lightened with whimsy , will carry the day . And , to an extent , it does .
A bore for young and old alike , Stardust features a large and talented cast -- all wasted .
I was blinded by a thunderstorm of mediocre special effects , a boisterous soundtrack that makes Transformers seem like a Miles Davis record , and slapped with frustration over the film 's unbelievable inertia .
Immensely winning and visually arresting .
With its heart worn proudly on its sleeve , it 's one of the best date movies of the year , a compatibility litmus test for starry-eyed romantics .
A compendium of multifarious genre inflections seemingly intended for friends of Tori .
While Cox does well as the young hero , the rest of the casting is weak .
Modern without being post-modern , ironic without air-quotes , romantic without apology , this is a fairy tale for our time because it takes us beyond time and reminds us that happily ever after is still a dream worth having .
Stardust contains a little something for all types of moviegoers , but above all else it has a fetching story , some fun effects , and just the kind of `` happily ever after '' ending that the genre always promises .
a delightful , thrilling and entertainingly offbeat yarn ... Pfeiffer is positively spellbinding ... Vaughn has given this seductive fairy tale the same dark comedy and out-of-left-field wackiness that made his first effort memorable .
It feels a bit tired , a bit formulaic , a bit like too much studio input and script doctoring .
The story respects the captivating power of fairy tales , while humorously twisting them a bit .
It brings too much of everything to the table : It 's the cinema equivalent of a long , winding , run-on sentence .
I 'm a sucker for fantasies , but this one is so undistinguished and arbitrary that it left few traces in my consciousness , apart from the impression that the filmmakers resort to cruelty whenever they run out of ideas , which is often .
Stardust has a welcome heft .
The stuff dreams are made of .
Stardust is the first summer movie of 2007 that actually celebrates storytelling , rather than concept selling .
Stardust is n't just a one-note movie with a lot of pizzazz and zero substance , but a more thoughtful motion picture that ponders many of the mysteries of life in a way that is accessible and emotionally satisfying .
Stardust piles on the conflict and the bombast .
Stardust takes a standard structure -- young hero of unrecognized worth goes on a quest to save a damsel -- and plays charming variations on that theme .
A supernatural fantasy action adventure whose combination of whimsy and gothic melodrama seems to have been cobbled together from focus groups held at Comic-Con and Renaissance fairs .
Like nothing you 've seen before , and we do n't mean that in a good way .
Winds up seeming heavy-handed , like an elephant trying to dance ballet -- a movie about magic that 's just not magical enough .
It 's the closest the movies have come in a while to the nudgy , knowing fairy-tale enchantment of The Princess Bride .
Stardust comes as close as any newfangled fairy tale in recent years to sating the appetite of dream-hungry moviegoers .
For the most part a lighthearted , entertaining adventure that works best when it does n't take itself too seriously .
Less-than-magical adaptation of Neil Gaiman 's romantic fairytale has some fine moments but lacks vision .
There has always been something diabolical about Pfeiffer 's beauty ... and she both plays up and subverts that image here .
A magical tale of witches , princes , magical realms and the mythical sleepy English village of Wall .
A fantasy for people who wished their fantasies were more like Willow and The Princess Bride and less like The Lord of the Rings and Harry Potter .
Should remind most audiences of The Princess Bride , although this film is a lot more adult in its themes and villains .
A delightfully fun and magical fantasy film , the likes of which has n't been seen since the first Pirates or Lord of the Rings .
Matthew Vaughan 's movie version of Neil Gaiman 's 1999 Stardust actually attempts to broaden the characters -- when you wish he would just get on with the story .
Matthew Vaughn and a wry sense of humor saves the movie 's oh-so-80s story from being an out of time curiosity .
It 's an enchanting sword 'n' sorcery fairy tale - this summer 's playful ` date movie , ' culminating in a glowing `` happily ever after . ''
Vaughn , who made the enjoyably tricky gangster movie Layer Cake , gets points for ambition , but this antic fantasy eludes his grasp .
Based on the novel by Neil Gaiman , Stardust definitely has more than enough imagination and whimsy to keep you engaged .
This is less an adaptation of Neil Gaiman 's 1999 novel than of its dust-jacket synopsis , which will come as disconcerting news to fans of the author 's delicate jigsaw-puzzle fantasies .
A mixed bag of triumphs and failures .
Stardust is a little of a throwback to how fantasy movies used to be before the emergence of the multi-part epic serials . It 's a lighter , simpler sort of tale .
Everything but the enchanted kitchen sink shows up in the sprawling fairy tale Stardust .
Simply divine fantasy . Pfeiffer casts a spell on it outshining the fallen star .
A magical adult fairy tale .
A glorious yarn .







@highlight

A faithful interpretation that captures the spirit of whimsy , action , and off-kilter humor of Neil Gaiman , Stardust juggles multiple genres and tones to create a fantastical experience .