The silliness meanders wildly , and Stiller looks like he 's more than happy to let everyone else do most of the work .
I 'm not sure if anyone in this film actually acted alongside anyone else , or if the performances were all cut together in the editing suite .
Does n't have the originality of the first film and feels a little boring as such .
Amy Adams is the lone saving grace to be found herein , which is a nice way of saying she 's all that kept me from pondering `` to be or not to be '' .
No stone is left unturned .
One wonders if director Shawn Levy was more interested in cramming special effects into the movie than creating actual comedy .
Night at the Museum : Battle of the Smithsonian can be too cluttered and hyperactive to appreciate its broad pleasures .
... what the heck , it 's fun on the same level as the original ...
Amy Adams adds plenty of welcome ` moxie ' -LRB- and a tight pair of aviator 's britches -RRB- , but otherwise there 's not much here besides noise , chaos and monkey-slapping .
With all the oversized personalities that surround him , Stiller gets upstaged .
Stiller has a look on his face as if he knows he 's participating in total garbage .
It was fresh , funny and clever the first time . Now , not so much .
The result is pretty much a free-form traffic jam in which everyone fights everyone else .
an amusing concept that still holds some charm now , although it also lends itself to bombastic overkill , which sequels are naturally inclined toward anyway
Best of all are Azaria , a brilliant comic character actor ... and Adams as the feisty Earhart , thrilled to be off on a new adventure .
Smithsonian wants to be frothy , but it ca n't help having a little more heart and soul than you 'd expect or even require . Give it a chance , it 's a fun show .
Unfunny , unnecessary and with unlimited box office potential , ` Night at the Museum : Battle of the Smithsonian ' is all show and no go .
... more of the same while being slightly different and raising the stakes . It 's a formulaic sequel , but it works every bit as well as the original did .
With the exception of Amy Adams ' performance and some excellent special effects , this sequel fails to live up to the first ` Night at the Museum ' romp .
Wow , count this as one film that completely took me by surprise !
I know not every person is going to agree with me on this one , but I 'm going to say it anyway : Azaria 's lisping Kahmunrah is one of the most annoying and unfunny characters that has ever appeared on a movie screen .
... A pleasant enough way to pass 100 minutes on an uneventful weekend afternoon .
After a slow start , a great deal of fun .
... ultimately fares slightly worse than its uneven yet agreeable predecessor ...
Night at the Museum : Battle of the Smithsonian is that most rare of exhibits : a sequel that 's actually better than the original .
Atrociously dumb .
... a retread that retraces what was funny in the first film but is n't anymore since the surprise and delight of discovery is gone .
Levy 's film is neither fun nor exciting . He 's stuffed it with special effects , star names and big numbers , but it has none of the exuberance needed to lift us out of our seats and take us on a thrilling ride .
The special effects are astonishing , the spirit of a `` can do '' America suffuses the enterprise , and it 's superior to its predecessor .
It 's a gag-packed , fast-paced , FXladen romp which will provide plenty of entertainment for all ages . Great stuff .
I was surprised by how funny and well-made the sequel is , especially for a `` family film . ''
The comedy is always lackluster , cumbersome and lacking a child 's innocent playfulness .
This sequel 's greatest claim to fame lies in turning its innocuously painless original into an overblown bore .
It 's a collection of some of the most interesting figures throughout history and some of the most talented performers we have working today .
This is a family comedy that will entertain the kids and amuse the grown-ups . It 's also a rare Hollywood sequel that 's better than the original .
Stiller helps bring a new group of characters to life and they in turn bring this franchise to life again . Adams and Azaria shine .
a scattergun trawl through human -LRB- albeit mostly American -RRB- history and culture , with the emphasis more on entertainment than instruction .
All up it 's Levy 's best work so far and while I realise that 's faint praise , it 's far from being damning .
If only -LSB- Ben -RSB- Stiller in real life would take a hint from his latest character and miss whatever career he had before acting and go back to it .
More engaging and better-paced than its predecessor , relocated to the world 's largest repository of history , art and pop culture , the sequel ups the ante on all sides to deliver delightful family fun .
Fitful and flighty , it 's a frenetic diversion destined for a popular niche on the dvd shelf .
The Lincoln Memorial statue is something of a travesty .
They fixed everything I found wrong with its predecessor , so I can only assume the filmmakers read my review and addressed my concerns point by point .
No passado , quando um grupo de comediantes deste calibre se reunia em uma produção , o filme era um evento . Hoje em dia , trata-se apenas da continuação ruim de um longa apenas razoável e que terá sido esquecido em menos de seis meses .
The best , and possibly only , reason to watch Night at the Museum : Battle of the Smithsonian is the enchanting Amy Adams .
Maybe not as fresh and unique as the first one , the sequel has enough laugh-out-loud moments to enjoy .
Talented comedians Robin Williams and Ricky Gervais are wasted in small roles . Grownups chaperoning the youngsters will be bored as the 105 minutes seem interminable .
It seems that the actors got together for this film just to have some fun , interacting with one another in an overblown SNL sketch with plenty of special effects .
Maybe the movie would be more fun if the ancient Egyptian tablet could bring Ben Stiller to life .
Night at the Museum : Battle of the Smithsonian , is breezier than the first Museum , at least to me , which means in three years I 'll be revising my opinion downward .
The plot of this film feels like a garage sale jigsaw puzzle : its pieces out of order , warped and shoved into places they do n't go with a few extra pieces thrown into the box .
Musters only a few lackluster laughs ... -LSB- but -RSB- has one trump card : it 's a kid-friendly , `` PG '' film that celebrates museums .
Azaria pretty much steals the show .
Marvel at the movie 's cheerful idiocy , which seems definitive -- even though the summer season has just begun -- and at the efficiency with which the filmmakers have dumbed down a dumb premise of proven success .
In bringing history , literally , to life , and having as much fun with it as it is computer-graphically possible to have , director Shawn Levy and Reno 911 writers Robert Ben Garant and Thomas Lennon at least make -LSB- Museum -RSB- worth noticing .
This was a chance to show young people how history comes alive at the world 's biggest museum , but instead , it makes the Smithsonian seem like a place where dopey comics go to croak .
A big , bloated bore , so overstuffed with effects and racket that it 's simply exhausting ... the kind of empty extravaganza that gives family films a bad name .
Battle of the Smithsonian is far from art , but there 's plenty of art in it , and for parents seeking a reasonable afternoon 's entertainment for the kids , that 's recommendation enough .
Night at the Museum : Battle of the Smithsonian throws everything -- history , high jinks , lots of famous faces in supporting roles -- at the museum walls to see what sticks . Happily , much of it does .
Adults who see this movie unaccompanied by a child should sign up pronto for therapy with Gabriel Byrne on In Treatment .
Adults have the choice of either admiring the scenery or taking a nap . There 's not much else worth doing . Certainly , paying attention to the story is an exercise in futility , but you 're welcome to try ...
A super-size rehash of the original .
If you are n't enchanted and a little thrilled by the sequel 's setting -- well , you probably hate puppies and sunshine , too .
Smithsonian whips itself into a kind of frenzied exhilaration that 's both fun and funny .
Your 12-and-unders will dig it , and it might even serve as a sort of movie-Bookmobile and get them to read a little history , or at least a little Wikipedia . But otherwise it 's utterly dispensable .
Pleasant , innocuous and intermittently thrilling family entertainment .
Night at the Museum : Battle of the Smithsonian seems to go on for several days and nights , though in fact it lasts just 105 minutes . I checked my watch . A lot .
The sequel to the big family hit Night at the Museum struggles with a big creative challenge . The sense of wonderment you feel in seeing museum displays magically come to life is not as strong the second time around .
The film offers enough ingenious touches and playful humor that the less-inspired elements hit with a screech .
Every bit as over-long , talky and cumbersome as its title .
This is yet another hard-sell `` family '' film that tries to bludgeon viewers into submission with loud and overly elaborate special effects set-pieces instead of charming them with a compelling story or any discernible traces of genuine wit and/or whimsy .
You can actually hear the writers pulling ideas out of their butts and flinging them willy-nilly at the screen .
Once these creatures do come to life for a second outing , the promise soon evaporates and the clever comedy , built largely on crisscrossing anachronisms and various sly cultural references , is not enough to sustain a romp that is all rather predictable .
Fun , fast-paced sequel is more upbeat than the original .
The Godfather Part II of family-oriented , museum-based CGI spectacles .
Battle of the Smithsonian is packed with odd characters , eccentric arguments and ornate special effects , and while it 's never transcendently funny enough to be seriously impressive , it is chock full of family-friendly giggles .
The sense of wonder the movie engenders is palpable , and anything that makes museums look cool -LRB- which this movie does , in spades -RRB- deserves a vote of thanks from civilization as a whole .
Imagine a hyper child running through the entire Smithsonian as fast as possible , screaming and waving his arms the entire way . He would probably be entertained , but would anyone around him ?
Kids should still get a kick out of this Museum , but adults may have a harder time finding something worth laughing at this time around .
Compared with the wit and humour of any Pixar movie or Aardman feature this is shoddy stuff .
humor consisting of silly slapstick , people falling down and others making goofy faces , which is what 10-year olds love more than anything else .
This is a funnier and more coherent slice of kids ' entertainment .
Fine in the ` rather more than adequate ' rather than ` really rather wonderful ' sense .
Unlike most sequels , this `` bigger , busier '' strategy pays off , resulting in a romp that 's as affable as it is inventive .
This is a throwback to those disreputable 70s comedies that found a spot for every unemployed layabout in Hollywood .
Parental Content Review
The sequel is missing what made the first film so special ; magic and mystery . The first flick is far superior .
Upstaging its predecessor with colorful new characters and energy the kids will love .
I can only recommend Ben Stiller 's comedy sequel in the way I might a burnt sausage when there 's nothing else to eat : it 's not terribly appetising , but it 'll have to do .
The Toy Story-esque plot could be written on the femur of dormouse and some scenes still lean towards inanity . But , in the main , this is a funnier and more coherent slice of kids ' entertainment .
Like too many sequels , more money and fewer ideas has made for a disappointing film .
This rushed Smithsonian visit skims over laughs and excitement to cram in more museum paraphernalia and messages . Like the original but bigger and faster , it 's harmless but throwaway .
Kids are well served with slapstick hi-jinks and mild peril but there are too few laugh out loud moments to keep adults entertained .
A comedy adventure that the whole family can enjoy , right down to the age of five .
It 's not quite as good as the unfairly maligned first instalment but , for parents , this is a foolproof way of filling a slot over the Bank Holiday weekend .
Night at the Museum 2 is a fistful of family fun ... brimming with amusing lines , great effects and a series of smart cameo performances .
A great adventure for all age groups .
This is designed to appeal to attention-deficit youngsters but will irritate or exhaust more discerning cinephiles .
It 's still strictly insufferable .
A sequel that 's actually better than the original ? Get out of here .
Has the kind of laughs that might convince you that nothing is as bad as it seems : the movie is no masterpiece but if you could plug its good nature into the national grid you could probably keep Birmingham alight for a month .
Add some gags with living paintings and photos , and the return of that monkey , and this museum is certainly worth the price of admission .
Entertaining sequel that survives its paper-thin plot and lazy writing thanks to superb special effects and a trio of terrific comic performances .
There 's a slightly out-of-control atmosphere that makes this corny romp much more entertaining than the original
This is a solid , if unspectacular , second effort , that retreads the material from the first film with a slightly bigger budget .
This sequel is a huge improvement . The plot is still simple but what 's improved is the comedy . It 's funnier and livelier .
It 's lazy stuff , a waste of a big name cast in the service of a film that is little more than a boring virtual museum tour .
An exhilarating , imaginative sequel filled with humor , excitement , wit and a lively cast . It 's genuinely delightful and fun for everyone young and old .
You know how it goes : the plot is inane , but a lot of the dialogue makes you laugh .
Remains consistent with the all-powerful Amy Adams Rule , which holds that any movie featuring her is instantly , vastly improved because of it .
It falls flat trying to muster up any mirth or suspense as it barrels from one set piece to the next .
What 's hugely-talented Amy Adams doing in an imbecilic debacle like this ?
Amy Adams , spunky and incandescent as Amelia Earhart , is so fun to watch that she almost makes up for the dopeyness surrounding her .
I have come to the conclusion that there is nothing , absolutely nothing at all , that Amy Adams can not do as an actress .
Whatever its flaws may be , it at least refuses to be a stiff , lifeless relic .
The sweet spot between action and inspired silliness .
It 's not so much a movie as a series of running antiquity gags , good for a comedy club , not so much for the multiplex .
Perhaps it should have been titled either Night at the Museum : We 're Doing It for the Money or Night at the Museum : Contractually Obligated Sequel , instead .
Busy is not the same as clever .
Proves to be bigger and better than the first .
The two short scenes that bring British comic Ricky Gervais into the movie as the stuffy museum administrator suggest the possibility of a third movie ... A decent script surely is needed before that 's given the go-ahead .
... most notable for the inventive new touches added which prove amusing diversions to the dull central throughline ... It 's kind of like the movie equivalent of a toddler 's busy box .
-LSB- Levy is -RSB- successful enough , in fact , that kids may well pass on their next chance to see a movie -- just so they can visit a real museum , instead .
A dreadfully unfunny comedy , which is amazing considering all the comic talent in the cast .
It 's bigger , noisier , shinier , and dumber , and it has no earthly reason to exist .
If there 's one thing that a movie-going Mom or Dad understands , it 's the look in the eyes of someone who 's just going through the motions , and there 's a lot of that going on in Night 2 .
There is so much going on here , presented in such uninspired empty-calorie servings , that you grow bloated on the unending eye candy
Bill & Ted 's Excellent Adventure is a more enriching experience , and it features Joan Of Arc as an aerobics instructor .
It never quite finds its comic footing , but kids will probably love it -- they might even learn a thing or two .
Overstuffed with gimmicks , but short on charm and creativity .
Even Ben Stiller looks bored out of his mind .
It 's not a bad movie . Just an unnecessary one .
When this excessive and silly farce works -- roughly half the time -- it 's thanks to the comic dynamic created by funny folk who can go riff-to-riff with Stiller .
The cheeky attitude and charming effects make it more entertaining than the original , notwithstanding some clumsy humans who almost break the spell .
What follows is less a story than a series of semi-clever ideas .
Smithsonian only occasionally lives up to its wondrous , chaotic premise . Instead the film appears more delighted with tiresome improvisational acrobatics than generating a welcoming tidal wave of wonder .
Ben Stiller 's comic setpiece interludes provide the best laughs - his encounter with a goofy , officious security guard called Brandon is particularly good .
click to read the full review
Bloated with visual effects .
Watching historical figures enact the cliches identified with the most simplistic versions of their images , I found myself yet once again echoing the frequent cry of Gene Siskel : Why not just give us a documentary of the same actors having lunch ?
-LSB- A -RSB- morass of Three Stooges-level slapstick and juvenile-style playground taunting ...
As it turns out , 93 main characters is too many .
It makes everything bigger and more impressive on a technical level , but ca n't ever find a story to match .
Enjoy the zooming action and slightly nerdy reverence for the past , and try not to think about what this delightful concept might have been in the hands of a tighter , more aware director .
Along with the addition of Amy Adams as a spunky Amelia Earhart , moving the action to the Smithsonian -LRB- and ignoring any concerns about believability -RRB- brings this goofy sequel to life like a wax sculpture of Teddy Roosevelt .
Never less than politely entertaining , but often misses its huge targets .
When Night at the Museum 2 sticks to its preferred brand of high-jinks , it delivers upon its promise of plenty of throwaway fun for the all-ages crowd .
Spritely scenarios are drowned out by the manic mayhem .
So many new characters have been added to the ones who appeared in the original film , and director Shawn Levy flits between them at such a zippy pace , no one gets much of a chance to register . And that 's a huge waste of the comic talents amassed -LSB- here -RSB- .
Bigger , longer , and even more chaotically crowded -LRB- more stars ! more f/x ! -RRB- than its predecessor , Night at the Museum : Battle of the Smithsonian proves that adding another ring does n't make for a better circus .
This time around there 's a little more life on display .
On the whole , this pumped-up sequel proves to be a more satisfying kid-friendly action film than the original .
This is what you call a wholesome kiddie movie on drugs .
As of now , the scariest four words in the English language are officially ` A Shawn Levy Film . '
fun facts and intriguing images zip by as quickly as the plot
Stiller 's still stuck in the first movie , with little to impress beyond some hi-tech wizardry . I See Dead Props , along with a story that could have used some pick me up too . And with artifacts gone wild , as the museum cross-pollinates with Toys R Us .
Though it 's a little slow to start and some of the humor clunks , the film features a wholesome charm , some truly dazzling effects -LRB- the Lincoln Memorial alone is worth it -RRB- , and enough mild , parent-nip in-jokes to keep all but the stone-hearted happy .
Second -LRB- and third -RRB- chances abound for this cast of characters .
How can one movie contain Ricky Gervais , Hank Azaria , Steve Coogan , Amy Adams , Christopher Guest , Bill Hader , Mindy Kaling , Jay Baruchel and Craig Robinson while offering so very little in the way of laughs ?
A lack of discipline and a desire to appeal to the lowest common denominator have wreaked havoc on a decent cast and a great idea , almost burying the outstanding effects . It 's a flimsy rescue story .
This is a bigger and better night out than the first .
A fistful of family fun ... brimming with amusing lines , great effects and a series of smart cameo performances .




@highlight

Night at the Museum : Battle at the Smithsonian is busy enough to keep the kids interested but the slapstick goes overboard and the special effects -LRB- however well executed -RRB- throw the production into mania .