Unfortunately , much of the story is thin ice beneath her feet . It threatens to buckle beneath sheer improbability .
-LSB- Mrs. Palfrey -RSB- is a stroll off the beaten path .
It 's funny , '' Ireland notes . `` The intellectual critics always like to give me a smack about being too weepy . But then the audiences that go see it seem to embrace it , which has been great .
This underwhelming `` prestige '' production offers a few pleasures , but does n't stay in the memory very long .
MRS. PALFREY AT THE CLAREMONT is a rare treat , indeed , and a crowning achievement for Dame Joan Plowright .
Pour yourself a cup of Earl Grey and enjoy .
Despite the measured pace and the predictable bitter sweet mood , the film is only occasionally enchanting
Never less than enjoyable . All credit must go to Plowright and Friend , who give completely charming performances .
One of the season 's most humane and heartening films .
You 'd half expect the movie to throw caution to the wind and become `` Grandmas Gone Wild , '' but the film is too prim to offer any surprises .
... an amiable , sweetly sentimental tale ...
Unfortunately , the result is high melodrama , at once patronizing and predictable .
... the film allows 76-year-old Plowright , for years a wonderful character actress in a wide variety of projects , something to call her own .
It 's an altogether satisfying drama -- the sort of movie some people complain they do n't make anymore .
Mrs. Palfrey at the Claremont is not a loud , fast-paced , over the top film , but one to be viewed with patience , anticipation and an open heart .
It 's all sweet and well acted -LRB- and well enough directed by Dan Ireland -RRB- , but it 's also yawn-provoking and maddening that the script is so far below the acting ability of the assembled talent .
Like the woman herself , Mrs. Palfry gets to you .
Ireland ... has in Friend and Plowright the exactly right actors to give friendship a glow of platonic soul romance .
A small portrait of friendship and intergenerational connection , painted in delicate strokes and warm tones .
Plowright , who has made something of a specialty of breathing life into stereotypically written older women for the past 20 years , makes the most of a rare opportunity to play someone still open to the surprises the world can bring .
Just as teenagers enjoy escapist movies , so do the elderly . They simply prefer a gentler pace . What is touching about Mrs. Palfrey is that she is allowed to be elderly , and not turned into a hip-hop granny .
Ireland , who made the brilliant , equally unfashionable The Whole Wide World , respects the kindness and concern his characters show each other .
The whole thing feels programmed ; the movie 's sense of humor lacks understatement . So does the movie 's sense of pathos .
Not deep but much fun , it gives Plowright possibly her best role in the flickers .
Of course , sentiment in such pure form is hard to embrace . Without a realistic edge , it 's like a flower arrangement : lovely for a short span , then prone to wilting .
A small film , done in a minor key . At times , it can be so slow it 's like watching paint peel .
Audiences susceptible to this sort of sweet Hallmark Hall of Fame sentimentality will be taken by the movie . Everyone else will probably find it just too manipulative .
A true gem : perhaps the most thoroughly charming , and completely satisfying , independent film I 've seen in the past two or three years .
... if it were n't for Plowright , things might fall quickly apart .
Like a cup of strong British tea with a sugar cube tossed in , Dan Ireland 's Mrs. Palfrey at the Claremont is at once sweet and bitter , a fairy-tale friendship in the context of an achingly lonely life .
Director Dan Ireland ... pokes his way through the plodding story , but Plowright rides above it all with a performance loaded with grace notes and tenderness .
It 's funny , poignant , sweet , heartbreaking , and thoroughly entertaining . These are the kind of rich characters that make you want to pop round for a spot of tea .
It 's watchable but wan , quite dry and bloodless .
Under the seamless direction of Dan Ireland , Mrs. Palfrey is enriched by the real-life parallel of watching a veteran actress in her 50th year of films .
The glorious Joan Plowright is reason enough to pay to see any film , and Mrs. Palfrey at the Claremont is no exception .
Simple-minded but sweet , Mrs. Palfrey at the Claremont is an old-age tribute that does n't press as hard on your gag reflex as The World 's Fastest Indian .
... tedious heart-tugger ...
... a low-key weepy about loneliness and -LRB- possibly -RRB- learning to conform one 's romantic expectations to reality .
The film is a quiet triumph for Dame Joan , who portrays Mrs. Palfrey 's late-life journey into independence with a heart-tugging simplicity that can only come from a lifetime of great work .
... a terrific homage to the elderly , told in a touching , sometimes humorous , but always sensitive , manner with terrific performances by Joan Plowright and a charismatic Rupert Friend .
It 's a cozy , little film and one worth warming up to during the holidays .
Your time would be much better spent skipping the film and instead calling your grandparents , who would no doubt love to hear from you .
A sweet movie that fails to make the distinction between old age and death .
Humorous , bittersweet drama , proving that family can be found where you least expect it .
An endearing , deceptively simple story .
The details are what matters , and thanks to a cast of all-star British elders and a mischievous sense of humor , the filmmakers bring those details to vivid life .
Dan Ireland gives us a bittersweet story of a May - December platonic relationship . Joan Plowright stars in what might be the best role of her career .
The story may sometimes overpower you with its honeysuckle sentiment and spiced bathos , but it 's a movie that 's self-aware enough to make winking references to such films as Harold and Maude and Brief Encounter .
-LSB- A -RSB- terrific , long-overdue vehicle for Lady Olivier .
Underneath the sweet , sometimes whimsical friendship of elegant , lonely old Mrs. Palfrey and the handsome young charmer ... lies a serious , melancholy movie about the isolation and marginalization of the elderly .
Dame Joan Plowright endows Mrs. Palfrey with stoic charm and decency in this unabashedly sentimental film .
Too often confuses gooey sentimentality for legit compassion .
Harold and Maude as reinterpreted by Masterpiece Theatre .
This earnest , well-observed weepy has more depth than its genteel trappings might imply .
Dame Joan Plowright has been cast here in the most dominant and demanding role that she has ever undertaken in a 54-year career on stage , screen and television .






@highlight

Bittersweet and endearing , this film about aging and unexpected friendship is a lovely vehicle for Joan Plowright .