Be patient with it and you will be rewarded as it is a little gem that offers consolation to anyone who has lost someone special .
It 's occasionally a bit on the nose , but -LSB- Lilting -RSB- an often moving exploration of how we connect - or fail to - with other people through language .
Khaou carefully constructs each scene for maximum impact-intentional repetition expressing the experience 's ever-changing evolution .
-LSB- Lilting -RSB- wears its heart on its sleeve , but without bleeding too much , and is overly square and precise , but also a welcome reprieve from the irony-prone fair that most often fills our cinemas .
Lilting offers no quick fixes to its characters ' tragedy , but its narrative will resonate .
Lilting stars wilting from its very first scene .
A more fitting title for the film would be `` Limping . ''
If `` Lilting '' was a play , it would run for months .
It is , as the title suggests , sweet - but also slight .
Guilt hangs over `` Lilting , '' a suffocating haze so thick that it permeates every unspoken , non-understood word between characters trying to traverse a frustrating gulf of language and grief .
A quiet chamber piece that reflects on family , communication , grief and misunderstanding .
Hong , who makes his feature debut here , has a masterful command of rhythm , beautifully weaving each strand of the narrative around that momentous opening scene .
Khaou insists on sticking with a glacial pace and lip-trembling emotional repression when a little bit of melodrama might have gone a long way .
-LRB- The film -RRB- is beautifully acted by Cheng and Whishaw and is often genuinely moving . To its detriment , it is very slow-paced and I found myself increasingly frustrated by -LRB- Whishaw 's character 's -RRB- tiptoeing approach the longer it goes on .
Despite a strong start , the filmmaker does n't exactly know where to go with it . Still , there are moments before things get away from him that are captivating to watch and lovely to listen to , lilting .
An emotionally moving British drama about a young gay man 's compassion .
Whishaw is the most gifted and poetic actor in his age range , by a very wide margin , and everything he does here is fresh and unexpected .
With his single-minded goal to overwhelm the audience with mournful melancholy , Hong Khaou makes a crucial rookie filmmaker 's mistake , favoring mood over matter too strenuously .
Lilting is as personal a film as can be , exploring love , loss , and the sometimes unspoken language of the delicacies of the human condition .
Ungovernable gusts of longing , grief and anger leak from this muted British chamber piece about two hitherto unconnected Londoners struggling with the loss of the young man they both loved .
As it turns out , even Junn 's crankiness lacks conviction .
Woefully inadequate .
It 's an impressive effort from Khaou , who secures profound emotions without resorting to melodrama , taking the audience on a strange journey of confession .
Cultures and generations clash and mesh in the aftermath of a young man 's death in `` Lilting , '' a quietly unique meditation on love and loss from Cambodian director Hong Khaou .
The movie 's tone is doggedly , almost noxiously sincere , verging on downright moist .
It 's difficult to make a compelling film that begins in the midst of emotional disconnect , and Khaou never quite finds his rhythm ...
Lilting does n't have any momentum or any sense of ambiguity , once the setup has been established .
The film comes from a really genuine place , but sadly just does n't quite reach far enough in terms of its exploration of a notoriously difficult subject .
Thanks to the delicate , multilingual set-up , almost every exchange carries an unpredictable dramatic charge .
An affecting , intelligent , unapologetically downbeat feature debut .
The picture has worthwhile things to say about the barriers too often erected between first-generation immigrants and their more assimilated children .
The writer/director Hong Khaou 's chamber piece boasts some wonderful performances from veteran Chinese actress Pei Pei Cheng , Ben Whishaw and the still dapper Peter Bowles .
A heartbreakingly lovely film about the seemingly insurmountable distances between us when sharing grief is too painful .
This is a compassionate treatment of a subject that could lend itself to purple melodrama .
A mature and moving debut feature from Cambodian director Hong Khaou with strong turns from Whishaw and Pei-Pei .
This is a world where touching and looking can express more than a monologue .
Lilting is a film of unspoken longing and raw emotion in which Richard and Junn engage in a delicate waltz around truths that are difficult to articulate and impossible to confront .
The relationship between Junn and Alan is perhaps a little contrived , but Lilting is an affecting story .
A thoughtful film whose lilting tones occasionally border on the listless .
Khaou 's unassuming debut feature is content to move at its own pace , lending Peng and Wishaw the time to nuance their wildly opposing characters and develop a genuine connection , albeit through grief .
Lilting can feel like an airtight glass box , but the figures inside it are vividly alive .
Lilting is an apt title for Lilting - a lovely word , slightly preciously chosen .
Khaou 's debut feature is exhilarating in its craft , its performances , and its tale of the eventual fusing of two disparate hearts .
This is a quiet , thoughtful London-set study of love , grief and cultural differences .
Lilting is n't a film of simple solutions and happy endings but , for all its sorrow , what it leaves you with is hope .
It 's the fully invested leads and graceful , poetic direction that give this study of emotional interiors its subtly heartbreaking power .
The subject matter is powerful , and the performances are wonderful - in a world of big and showy dramatism , Lilting gets its point across without feeling the need to shout about it .
Whishaw is magnetic as a man pushed to the edge of fragility by mourning , but who still suggests a quiet strength .
Sometimes , feelings and emotion can convey more than words will ever say , and although this is one of the film 's central ideas it 's also one Khaou would have been wise to heed himself .
Delicate and unhurried almost to a fault , though also hauntingly sexy and even humorous at times .
A deft and delicate drama .
Hong Khaou makes a fine debut with this quietly resonant cross-cultural chamber piece .

@highlight

Skillfully weaving multiple delicate tonal strands into a quietly affecting whole , Lilting serves as a thoroughly compelling calling card for writer-director Hong Khaou .