The Lazarus Effect merely coasts by on a very thin script that is really just a placeholder to get to what is obviously its larger purpose : to frighten the audience so much that we forget that we 're watching a bad movie .
A decent , well-made , small-scale genre film with a great cast of on-the-cusp players , The Lazarus Effect begins as a modern-day spin on Frankensteinian mad science , but segues into more demonic matters .
David Gelb 's new film is so dependent on the classic standbys of the genre , and so slight in every other regard , that it immediately draws attention to just how creaky they 've gotten over the years
Given the low-budget film 's bottle-episode feel , horror fans could 've gotten extra mileage out of a disorienting and original psychological treatment .
As far as cautionary tales go , The Lazarus Effect is pretty good stuff overall and effectively rises above its mild approach to deliver a thoughtful and intense horror experience that I had a lot of fun with despite all its flaws .
Thanks to Duplass 's ` regular guy ' appeal and Wilde 's ability to play the girl-next-door with the same aplomb as possessed siren , The Lazarus Effect proves believable enough to be entertaining but a little too bland to leave much of a scar .
The script gets less adventurous as it goes along , slowly shedding every intriguing idea and character detail for an utterly conventional final act .
The Lazarus Effect is a scary movie that pokes around with some big questions , but never really goes far enough to say anything .
Nothing fresh is brought to the screen and the stars end up treading water with well-worn cliches .
makes no great claims on originality , although it does rewire its source materials into something ever so slightly different , while following the Blumhouse formula of contained creepiness and slickly packaged jump scares .
With solid performances , The Lazarus Effect simply does n't rattle as many cages as it wants to , try as hard as it might .
For all its talk about bringing life back to animals and humans , `` The Lazarus Effect '' simply does n't have any to spare for itself .
This is a remarkably inert movie : unscary , unexciting , and so obvious that it announces how obvious it is going to be in advance .
An incoherent catalog of worn-out horror movie clichés with a story that makes no sense and goes nowhere .
Lazarus gets sloppy in a hurry .
... the film 's few sparks of originality and charisma are stamped out by a script and a director who refuses to take any genuine chances with the subject material .
The film , which runs a scant 83 minutes -LRB- and that includes the opening and closing credits -RRB- , feels like it 's just getting going when it abruptly ends .
Very little life here .
The movie ought to be scarier , but in the current genre environment of teen-centric , found-footage shockers , its messing-with-Mother Nature traditionalism and structured storytelling is so old-school it feels new again .
... a thoroughly unmemorable and disappointingly lazy horror endeavor .
This sub-par scare-flick entry in the `` back from the dead '' genre starts smart but gets dumber as it goes .
If hell , as the movie says , is the worst memory of your life on an infinite loop , I 'd better clean up my act or I 'll be watching The Lazarus Effect for all eternity .
It 's thematically thin but competently made and good for a few scares .
The picture is in desperate need of a personality , a perspective , something that justifies its existence .
The fright ultimately fizzles ...
The first truly awful horror film of 2015 ... Only one aspect of the film is good on any level : Olivia Wilde is absolutely splendid .
... settles into a ho-hum slasher groove , offering up with Pavlovian regularity epileptic freak-outs and shadowy figures .
The film 's only shock is that it was helmed by David Gelb , who made the wonderful 2011 doc Jiro Dreams of Sushi . Raising the question : Now that Gelb 's career is officially dead , will he have better luck than Duplass ' character in bringing it back to life ?
Despite an intriguing opening and an overqualified cast , The Lazarus Effect ca n't shake a been-there/resurrected-that vibe .
Ms. Wilde could hold our attention needlepointing the Periodic Table , but having our dream fulfilled to see her go all ` Carrie ' could n't breathe life into this misfire .
This is n't a journey , it 's a funeral procession .
And just when things are poised to get interesting , the movie goes nowhere really , really fast .
Lovely Olivia Wilde gets so many extreme close-ups that you feel like her dermatologist . She winds up looking like those outer-space pictures of dead moons .
Lazarus is mired in the predictability of its genre conventions , showing its cards on the table before actually playing them .
The concepts in this film are not terribly new , but they are effectively presented .
The Lazarus Effect is one of those horror films where lack of character logic makes it hard to root for the bodies that are inevitably going to pile the floor .
How do you get from Jiro Dreams of Sushi to Jiro Dreams of Reanimated Sushi ?
I would have loved to see more from the filmmakers , daring to fail while staking out some new terror incognita instead of just going through the motions of an experiment for which we already have the results .
A grimy , dopey , confused thriller that wastes a very likable cast .
Death may not be the end in The Lazarus Effect , but it should be .
Despite a good cast and a short running time , Blumhouse Productions ' latest micro-budget pic does n't have the alluring franchise pull of some of its other films .
A far cheaper cousin to ` Flatliners ' that , thanks to the better-than-average cast , is reasonably engaging for the first hour or so before deteriorating badly in a mayhem-filled finale .
The story is dismayingly ordinary and its execution by director David Gelb is virtually devoid of invention .
Unfortunately , the film ultimately peters out rather than coming to a satisfactorily disquieting conclusion .
The movie anxiously , recklessly rushes through its plot toward the climax , as if it 's afraid of anyone noticing its emptiness .
If you get your horror jollies from sneaky blind-side pan shots accompanied by 165dB blasts , you 'll love The Lazarus Effect . But these cheap , cheap , CHEAP moments punctured my eardrums ...
`` The Lazarus Effect '' boasts nothing special . It 's not going to provide much relief for horror-starved audiences .
If you slammed the heads of Lucy and Carrie together , The Lazarus Effect would be the messy aftermath left on the ground .
`` The Lazarus Effect '' is nothing but a cheap horror film cloaked in scientific mumbo-jumbo .
The first half of this film is the best , with the actors reciting the technical gibberish very convincingly , while trying to resuscitate a dog named Rocky . The second half is essentially conventional horror stuff we 've seen before with this genre .
Another cheapie from the producers of `` Paranormal Activity . '' Aims low , but hits its target .
The Lazarus Effect starts dead and can not be raised from it .
This is n't a real horror movie-this is the kind of horror movie that the characters in a real horror movie watch in order to comment on the lameness of the genre before their authentic terrors begin .
A low-rent rip-off of Flatliners . The talented cast is wasted .
The Lazarus Effect does have one redeeming quality . It ends quickly .
No resurrection for this dog please .
Mildly enjoyable despite its basic mediocrity ...
The Lazarus Effect begins with an intriguing premise then proceeds to squander all the early goodwill through a slow , inexorable descent into cheap horror gimmicks .
The flick simply is n't good , be that from a scientific , moral or just a way to raise goose bumps standpoint . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
A tense , efficient medical thriller best enjoyed sans microscope .
While The Lazarus Effect is n't the worst scary movie film you 'll see this year , it is probably one of the most predictable and lazily plotted .
Although it does stagger and groan and stumble around , you would n't necessarily say it 's alive .
It staggers , zombielike , from one jump-scare to another before petering out , a scant 83 minutes after rising from the slab .
For a film that has pulled a reasonably overqualified cast with solid dramatic chops , it is regretfully short on any characters that stick out in any way whatsoever .
The movie ends up being like Frankenstein 's monster before the lightning shock -- it 's a lot of pieces sewn together that are lifeless .
-LSB- A -RSB- risible mix of pseudoscientific hokum and supernatural freakouts .
-LSB- I -RSB- t 's not too much to expect that , if a movie is going to ask the big questions , it at least follow through in exploring them with some degree of curiosity .
Does n't go far enough , is n't scary enough and has mad scientists who just are n't mad enough .
I 'm placing all of the blame on the script and filmmaking , but that 's because the actors can only do so much with what they 're given .
Bringing someone back from the dead is one of the horror genre 's oldest and most effective tropes , but with `` The Lazarus Effect , '' it just seems tired .
There are lessons to be learned from this minimalist thriller . The first is that scaring people requires more than just tossing furniture around , turning the lights off and on , and basically sneaking up from behind and shouting `` Boo ! ''
Who knew that playing God would be so unfulfilling ... or so dull .
Like too many horror films , this one seems targeted at a hypothetical audience using only 10 percent of its brainpower .
It would be difficult to care less about all this .
The film intends to explore the nature and mystery of death , but devolves into a combination of trivial science fiction and banal `` Pet Sematary '' havoc .
Looks like it was directed by a blind and deaf person over a weekend on a leftover laboratory set from a TV show and edited with a roulette wheel .
Absorbing , well-crafted and appropriately tense , with a smart cast that raises it a notch above average .
It 's Re-Animator with a little bit of Flatliners and a whole lot of yawns .
... it 's a B-movie that manages to be more than a potboiler .
This is an 83-minute movie that feels a half hour longer and , if it were n't for the loud crescendos , it would put people to sleep .
The fear in the middle section that everything may get very , very , very stupid - which it will , and how - is more terrifying than any of the lame kills .
You 've seen it all before . The only question is : Why have n't they ?
The Lazarus Effect is a wag-the-dog film , where the filmmakers had a good idea of how to end the movie , but did n't put the required work into selling the setup .
Why play down to the basest tenets of a genre when it 's clear the filmmaking aspires to something smarter ?
Mark Duplass and Olivia Wilde struggle to breathe life into a recycled thriller about the horrors of reanimation .
The Lazarus Effect does n't exactly break new ground , but it nonetheless finds plenty to relish in the mouldering bits it stitches together as it gives classic themes about death , life and the soul a literal and figurative shot in the arm .
It 's not eat-your-ticket-stub bad , but `` The Lazarus Effect '' does n't work at all , perhaps most successful at putting the audience to sleep .
This stuff was tired 20 years ago .
The film squanders whatever potential it had , not to mention the talents of such performers as Duplass and Wilde who clearly deserve better .
As predictable as The Lazarus Effect may be , it 's a well-crafted and effective horror film .
You 've seen this movie before with peppier actors , and not tethered to a visually uninteresting set that looks like a remainder from a 10-year-old episode of CSI .
`` This is too much weird s -- ! '' declares one victim-to-be , as if he were writing this review instead of me .
There is a crafty , creepy , provocative film lurking inside of `` The Lazarus Effect , '' but , alas , it never comes out to play .
David Gelb does n't evince so much as a single compositional sleight of hand , merely delighting in turning lights on and off and watching Zoe appear in random places .
I do n't expect reinvention of the wheel , as long as a movie rolls along well enough . And this one does .
Unsurprising , but chilling , well-played and very well-executed revive-the-dead horror thriller .

@highlight

The Lazarus Effect has a talented cast and the glimmer of an interesting idea , but wastes it all on insipid characters and dull , recycled plot points .