I wish I could answer ` no ' to the movie 's title question .
Despite a breezy premise , this rom-com displays lazy filmmaking at almost every level of the production
To end my assessment on the level of the film 's writing , you 'll wish you never heard about the Morgans . -LRB- Ha ha ha -RRB-
The mediocre material gets a boost from a hardworking Grant , who uses his trademark bumbling formality to deliver dry commentary and wring out the most laughs possible .
Potro % u0161eni Hugh Grant i antipati % u010Dna izvedba S.J. Parker u komediji koja je trebala biti slasher horror
You 've seen it before , and you 'll see it again . In one way or another ` Did You Hear About the Morgans ? ' is the same old fish-out-of-water story that 's been put to film dozens of times .
This ultra-mild frolic follows the ` fish-out-of-water ' comedy formula so closely its lack of surprise is almost , well , surprising .
Hugh , what a stinker ! Mediocre sit-com humour does n't help an unoriginal premise and a star pairing with less believable chemistry than a pebble and another slightly smaller pebble . Where 's a straight-to-video distributor when you need one ?
In a silly way , it is entertaining , the mismatch is actually weirdly plausible , and try as I might , I could n't be grumpy about it .
Parker is better , injecting a note of rawness and authenticity into an otherwise misconceived subplot about adoption . Even she ca n't fake any curiosity in , yet alone sexual chemistry with , Grant .
The trouble with his new film , though , is not its lack of grit , but its lack of ambition and originality . It 's one of those films that you 've seen before - even before you 've seen it .
Perhaps this new decade could be the one in which female audiences are treated as something other than a dumping ground for the lazy , complacent idiocy that has passed for chick flicks of late .
The jokes come thin and slow , the thrills are non-existent .
The cinematic equivalent of throwing buckets of money at a house with no foundations . The worst thing is , and sadly for cinema , this house shows no sign of falling down any time soon .
A hellish rom-com bereft of chuckles and charm . A good screwball comedy should have laughs , heart , sexiness , rapid-fire banter and , most importantly , chemistry between its two leads - Did You Hear About The Morgans ? has not one of these things .
Considering how rarely Grant works , you 'd expect genuine excellence in the scripts he picks . We 'd expected more than this merely serviceable , not very believable Hollywood romcom .
We 've seen this a hundred times before ... only better .
Parker and Grant sleepwalk their way through a flatline comedy in which old jokes can be seen coming a mile away .
Grant 's familiar , pained and rueful expressions start to look like an actor 's commentary on the film , not a character 's response to events within it .
Like sitting under the dentist 's drill for 100 minutes , there 's not a single , solitary laugh in the whole damn thing . In fact , it 's a film so bad you actually start to feel sorry for the stars .
While at times the pair sparkle and most importantly have chemistry , entire scenes are laugh-free zones as far as the dialogue is concerned .
Grant and Parker ... are so boringly civil that there must have been a marriage guidance counsellor standing just out of shot .
Writer-director Marc Lawrence 's film delivers some halfway decent lines for Grant to gobble up gratefully enough up until this point , but from here on in it gets worse and worse .
Let down by a script that 's not funny enough and a plot that 's so formula it came from a baby 's bottle .
Punishingly lame and containing little romance to compensate for the absence of comedy .
Neither good nor bad . Scales dizzying new heights of okay . Aims for mediocrity ... and nails it .
Disappointing romcom with a lazy , predictable plot , irritating characters , lacklustre performances and painfully unfunny set-pieces .
Very little maintained my interest , the fact I kept sneaking looks at my watch a damning clue highlighting just how below average this one ultimately is .
`` Hair balls are prettier than what 's coughed up here . ''
... a lightweight but entertaining comedy deftly performed by some old hands .
Morgans not worth hearing from .
A friend in Hollywood told me last summer to expect a lot of `` recession '' movies - movies contrived to provide all those involved with a quick paycheck - in the coming months and I 'm guessing this is what he meant .
Where are Billy Crystal and the rest of City Slickers gang when we need them ?
With less edge than soup , Did You Hear About the Morgans ? is a proud , plain , rom com .
You 've already heard every joke it has to tell .
Yes , I 've heard about the Morgans . I 've heard about Matthew McConaughey Morgan , Debra Messing Morgan , Gerard Butler Morgan , Renee Zellweger Morgan , John Cusack Morgan and Kate Hudson Morgan . All the damn morgans .
The movie is like a car wreck in which no one is injured but the onlookers .
Sweet and funny , this is more suitable for a TV movie than a big screen feature
There 's a scene where Hugh Grant confronts a grizzly bear and I 've never rooted so hard for a predatory mammal .
The cast is in such fine form that everything seems funny .
While it fails on nearly every conceivable level , as a textbook case in everything contemptible in the studio system , Did You Hear About the Morgans ? is as good as it gets .
It 's a pity there 's no witness protection program for movies that commit crimes against audiences .
I grant you Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker evoke charm in the right screenplay . This is the wrong screenplay .
Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker are assigned to a witness protection program , flown to Wyoming , and installed in a one-horse town where there are no bistros , art galleries , department stores , or funny jokes .
Most bad comedies plod from scene to scene . This one plods from sentence to sentence . Grant and Parker stand around as if they 're waiting for someone to yell , `` Cut . ''
Bland , charmless and witless - trust me , you do n't want to hear about the Morgans .
Hugh Grant and Carrie Bradshaw -LRB- yeah , I know -RRB- go to the woods . It 's by the numbers , harmless and almost without charm .
Intimates crime as the ultimate aphrodisiac , when it comes to rekindling doomed conjugal bliss . Move over , Viagra and sex toys .
Forget witness protection , with this one you need protection % u2014 ` witless ' protection .
A really dumb romantic comedy with the trendy storyline of someone falling in love with somebody who has been betrayed .
The cliché-ridden dialogue is delivered with no feeling or conviction and a predictable ending leaves you wanting more . The supporting players are given little to do , but outshine the marquee names .
Here 's yet another movie that should be neither seen nor heard .
The romantic-comedy equivalent of a genetically-tweaked slab of meat , an over-engineered counterfeit whose marketing tells us a lie every instinct we have disputes .
In one of those perfect cinematic storms , everything is wrong about this film , from screenplay to casting to performances and especially directing .
The romantic pairing of Grant and Parker has no zing , the script is dead in the water and if we were asked us whether We Cared about The Morgans , the answer would sadly be No
It 's clearly Parker 's movie , and that 's a shame .
Grant has never been less charming and Parker never less fashionable or more grating than they are as Paul and Meryl Morgan .
It 's as if the film is a no-humour zone , and any attempt at a laugh gets sucked into a cinematic vacuum of mirthlessness .
trades on Hugh Grant 's charm , Sarah Jessica Parker 's fan base , and the general good will of the audience . At least one of those three has been sorely tested by the time the end credits roll . Possibly two
If you are expecting a pleasant evening of escapism , you will be cruelly fooled . The editor responsible for the trailer is clearly a genius .
Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker ply their cute trademarks -LRB- his befuddled British grimace , her la-di-da New York sass -RRB- like grim , incompatible partners in a Hollywood business deal .
As much as these two characters talk , there 's little worth sharing with the wider world beyond hey-you-slept-with-somebody .
Cliché-ridden , stereotype-stuffed and clunky at every inevitably false turn , it 's so bad that star Hugh Grant , usually the most relaxed of actors , actually seems to be in pain throughout the film .
Yes , comedies thrive on broad strokes . But selling Americans lame images of one another as if we have n't traversed the country -LRB- if not in actuality , via television and film -RRB- is dispiriting .
Fish-out-of-water romcom is teen-friendly but a real snooze .
Mostly it 's an invitation to spend an easy 108 minutes with some very likable folks -LRB- Grant , Sam Elliott , and Mary Steenburgen -RRB- as they amble through a laid-back fish-out-of-water comedy .
A comedy with mostly likable , broadly drawn characters ; tart , nonthreatening social satire with sharp enough teeth to leave an impression while not breaking the skin ; and well-timed , modestly sophisticated repartee .
Predictable , leaden , unfunny and unnecessary .
So now you can say , indeed , you have heard about the Morgans , smile politely , and move on to the next movie playing at the multiplex .
Did you hear about the Morgans ? If so , you might wish you had n't .
Adorable if adulterous and agnostic salad-fancying nitwit city slickers save their marriage with the help of a God-fearing , meat-eating ` Sarah Palin ' and her sheriff husband in what could be described as ` Green Acres ' in Red State drag , plus guns .
Did you hear about the worst rom-com of 2009 ? It 's this one !
Where is Richard Curtis when you need him ?
Lawrence clearly has a talent for the genre if he can write a story that includes a murder , not one but two bear attacks ... and a climax at a rodeo and make the whole thing feel unforced .
... the uptown , house-hawking , vegetarian Meryl gets to flex Ms. Parker 's typecast , cosmopolitan dependency act ...
If it was n't for Hugh Grant , Did You Hear About The Morgans ? would be competing for worst comedy of the decade . Instead , it 's just in the running for worst comedy of the year .
Did You Hear About the Morgans ? is about as stereotypical as a stereotypical romantic comedy can get
Not even the clumsy title bears any evidence of inspiration , which actually makes it a nice fit for writer-director Marc Lawrence 's dud of a script .
This is a film that does roughly the same thing for the concept of star-powered romantic comedies that Tiger Woods has done for the concept of marital fidelity .
Sometimes it 's unpleasant , sometimes it 's insincere , and for long stretches it 's boring . There are good parts , too , but they all come in the first 10 minutes .
A smug , New-York-is-the-center-of-the-universe comedy that does n't have enough humor to compensate for its misplaced sense of superiority ...
A painful failure , lumpish and crude .
A fish-out-of-water comedy that flops around on the dock for a while before eventually , and mercifully , expiring .
The movie does n't just quickly run out of its fish-out-of-water jokes but does n't have any unique or funny gags in its arsenal the moment the couple from New York City lands in Wyoming .
Parental Content Review
The jokes were old when `` Green Acres '' was new .
A somewhat amusing yet trite example of the modern-day screwball comedy .
There 's no sense of affection . No passion , even when they fight . Their dialogue rings hollow . These two are n't believable and their relationship is a black hole . Who cares ?
An exercise in foregone conclusions so dreary as to hardly qualify as comedy .
It does n't pretend to be an awards contender , and yet , oddly enough this year , it 's far more entertaining and astutely written than the majority of recent releases that are .
This is what happens when you throw reliable talent at an awful script .
You know the line about what a bear does in the woods ? Not only is that wittier than all of Did You Hear About the Morgans ? , it describes the movie as well .
It 's not great art , but it has a certain goofy effervescence , mostly thanks to Hugh Grant .
Did you hear about Did You Hear About the Morgans ? Really , you do n't want to .
This alleged screwball comedy is almost laughless . It 's one of the most surprising comedy duds of the year .
There are countless moments throughout the film when writer-director Marc Lawrence pauses for a laugh line , but the jokes hang there for an eternity while Grant winces apologetically , like he 's just shattered a dish .
It would be acceptable if all this fakeness lead to something legitimately funny . Instead , we 're left bemused and bored .
Always fully aware it need not involve big words or ideas to offer light entertaining fare even if there 's only so far you can take such a predictable premise .
Might have been called Witless Protection , if that title had n't already been taken -LRB- damn you , Larry the Cable Guy ! -RRB- .
Did You Hear About the Morgans ? has no room for surprises .
Toss this one on the ever-growing pile of failed Hollywood romantic comedies , and wish Grant and Parker better luck next time .
It 's a thoroughly delightful throwaway -- the kind of movie for which cable TV was made .
It 's hard to imagine why you 'd want to pay to be talked down to and coddled like a baby .
It 's not just the sound of crickets you hear watching this movie . It 's the sound of dead crickets .
I 'm not sure what entertainment itch Morgans is supposed to scratch , but as an obnoxious , poorly performed , and distastefully executed comedy , it 's near the bottom of the barrel for 2009 .
You see , city folk are like this , and country folk are like that .
Why is n't there a federal program to protect people from witnessing movies like this ?
A serviceable but uninspired romantic comedy with a familiar fishes-out-of-water backdrop .
Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker are supposed to pass for a married couple , but they have all the chemistry of two actors who just met and shook hands moments before the cameras rolled .
Lawrence 's recycled observations of the virtues of rural life , his struggles to find something funny about local `` types '' -LRB- an unworldly doctor and his naïve-nitwit nurse -RRB- , his `` grizzly encounter '' scene , are painful to watch .
This fish out of water rom-com is predictable and sappy but the contrast between New York and Wyoming , filmed with fine production values , makes for some interest .
Not even the estimable comic chops of Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker can lift it above the level of ordinary .
A fish-out-of-water story with a bit of a freshness issue .








@highlight

It gets a certain amount of mileage out of the inherent likability of its stars , but with an unfunny script and a lack of onscreen chemistry , Did You Hear About the Morgans ? falls flat .