Slipstream meanders into some lucidity by film 's end , but it remains difficult to determine if it 's a work born of genius or madness . The decision lies with the viewer .
Alternately interesting and unwatchable .
Slipstream is utterly unwatchable . I hated every minute of it .
A Hopkins personal vanity project
A miserable mess of a stream-of-consciousness movie .
What would have perhaps made an excellent short subject becomes a cumbersome , confusing and deeply unsatisfying mess of a vanity project .
-LSB- S -RSB- o fascinating a failure that it 's worth seeing ...
If not exactly dull , Hopkins ' stream-of-consciousness rant is nonetheless self-indulgent and crammed with bits of business that never add up to anything much .
Slipstream ultimately winds up an avant-garde film that just ai n't all that avant .
At 96 minutes , this vanity/insanity project runs a bit long ; five minutes would have been plenty .
Slipstream is an experiment in visual stream-of-consciousness , but stream-of-consciousness fares better as a literary form than a cinematic one .
Anthony Hopkins wrote and directed Slipstream . It 's a free-form , surreal meditation on stuff that , evidently , popped into Hopkins ' head while he was writing .
Has one trick up its sleeve , and once that trick is revealed , the film collapses in on itself in a manner that will irritate more viewers than it intrigues .
... makes you long for a pretentious , arty student short . Because those are only about eight minutes long .
Slipstream is Anthony Hopkins 's third film as a director and his first as a quasi-avant-garde filmmaker working well outside the mainstream .
Leave it to a 69-year-old actor to make the year 's most experimental film .
If consummate thespian Anthony Hopkins downplays , even dismisses , discussions about the `` craft '' of acting , then Slipstream , only the second film he 's directed , betrays evidence that it 's a subject to which he 's nevertheless given a lot of thought .
Either one of the most self-indulgent vanity projects in the history of the Hollywood star system , or a rare revealing look at a distinguished actor who usually keeps his real self out of the spotlight .
Slipstream is bold , experimental , off-the-wall kicky and utterly exasperating .
Stylish attempt at Hopkins visualizing post-traumatic Hollywood syndrome , but there should be a rule that movies helmed by movie stars turned directors need to come with some sort of equivalent of the Surgeon General warning label .
Say this much for Anthony Hopkins ' project : If he 's going to indulge himself as a writer-director-star , it 's probably better that he goes completely off the wall .
I 'm glad that Hopkins has apparently been using the bland , middlebrow stage of his acting career to experiment with massive doses of psychotropic chemicals and open the doors of perception and all that . Next time , maybe he 'll just write a manifesto .
A fever dream as much about life and death as the experience of making a movie and watching one .
Straight-up bonkers .
I 'm a sucker for this sort of narrative playfulness , so I fully enjoyed Slipstream . Perhaps it 's best thought of as Inland Empire Lite : At half the length , it 's easier going down but less filling .
Even second-rate David Lynch and third-rate Federico Fellini is worth our attention .
Hopkins claims it 's a comedy , and perhaps John Turturro 's live-action cartoon of a mogul producer suggests so , but what does it all mean ? That art can be just as shallow as Hollywood ?
Blaring its pretense to Lynch-ness , Slipstream crumbles under the weight of Hopkins 's self-indulgence , yet there is some measure of sincerity to this senseless upchuck .
The editing-on-speed renders Hopkin 's `` experiment '' inacessible to the degree that the movie will be lucky if it makes two cents .
An avante-garde , admittedly experimental , absurdist , through-the-looking-glass glimpse of behind-the-scenes movie-making , it 's the Mad Hatter 's Tea Party .
Hopkins ' surreal take on the absurdist nature of movies -- and reality -- bears the traits of many works by actors-helmers : It 's self-reflexive , whimsical in movieish way , and self-indulgent but it 's never boring due to talent in front and behind the camera
Annoying , pretentious twaddle of the highest order .
The resolution ties up enough loose ends to be satisfying , yet makes you think long after you 've left the theater .
Hopkins ' ambition is laudable , but what he has produced is a handsome , admirable failure , a labor of love and an extremely personal film with extremely limited appeal .
The veneer of stylistic hyperactivity ca n't conceal the starkly banal dialogue and a roster of performances that seem , under the circumstances , hardly directed at all .
A visual masterpiece and an amazing achievement in cinematography and editing .
-LSB- It -RSB- can either be viewed as one huge home movie or a plaything from an actor who has been observing other filmmakers for decades .




@highlight

Slipstream is a failed experiment ; confusing instead of coherent .