Although it is aimed at very young children , Zoom does n't even work as a kid flick . It is truly one of the worst films of the year .
Imagine a mix of Sky High and The Incredibles with all the fun , laughs and clever adventure taken out and you 've got director Peter Hewitt 's atrocious comic-book fiasco .
Half-baked and poorly executed .
As much fun as being bitten by radioactive spiders for 83 minutes .
A celluloid cliché from first frame to last , it does n't deserve your hard-earned cash . Watch X-Men again instead . Or even Sky High .
Dull comic-book fodder for kids .
Call this one Galaxy Quest -- another movie in which Tim Allen plays an arrogant jerk who learns lessons about teamwork and friendship -- without the humor , charm , or wit .
The story is muddled and slovenly , and the execution is unbelievably cheap-looking , with special effects that are miles beyond cheesy .
-LSB- It -RSB- made me laugh . I do n't know why .
The title describes the sound that you should make in your car , or on foot , or on mule , heading away from any cinema showing this film .
Completely lacking the wit and charm that made superhero family flicks like The Incredibles and Sky High so entertaining , Zoom is an absolute mess of a movie .
... a light-hearted and mindlessly engaging time-waster .
you wo n't miss much if you give this one a pass
Zoom is a shocking waste of a decent premise - it could have been the Galaxy Quest of superhero movies but instead it 's a badly directed , poorly written and desperately unamusing mess .
Santa trapped in a chimney and choking on his own beard would be funnier than this .
... this fizzled action flick lacks the wit , style and substance of so many better efforts ...
... a copycat kids ' flick that raises smiles but no laughs .
This comedy drags its feet , while the sappy sweetness will make you wince .
Ever the foolish optimist , I actually expected to enjoy Zoom .
Despite whatever connotations its title might suggest , Zoom is a movie marked by pure laziness , made by folks who either do n't know or do n't care what they 're doing .
Want to see child superheroes ? See Sky High , Spy Kids or The Incredibles . And Tim Allen is better and more curmudgeonly in the Santa Clause films
Zoom fails because it 's ultimately bland , cheesy , and never really challenges its own formula seeking to make it one of a kind ; it just wants to cash-in on an already exhausting fad .
Infantile , unfocused and dreadfully inept , Zoom is badly conceived ... a totally faceless fable that strains for enlightenment but merely ends up as disastrous diversion
First the good news : This film is n't nearly as awful as some would have you believe . Now the bad : It still sucks .
When it comes to action , comedy , and drama , three words apply : lamer , lamer , lamest .
The kids are cute , Allen is affable and charming , and Chevy Chase shows flashes of his old brilliance , but mostly it 's a little kid movie with bad CGI effects and nary a moment of real jeopardy or emotion .
Stink jokes , snot jokes , Smash Mouth songs , dependably dull Tim Allen , some truly obnoxious product placement and ` We 're more than a team , we 're a family ' bromides leach the potential pleasure from this overfamiliar story ...
Playi -LSB- s -RSB- like a cross between Galaxy Quest and Sky High but without the wit and cleverness of either film ...
In a feat of dullness quite powerful in its own way , this lifeless family comedy sucks the joy from every joke it touches ; X-Men 's Rogue would be envious .
In all truthfulness , Zoom was better than I thought it would be ... and by that , I mean that it did n't completely suck .
It 's OK entertainment for preteens , while Cox adds some slapstick and love interest as a klutzy psychiatrist .
A cheap , ugly , forgettable footnote to the seemingly endless superhero boom .
derivative kiddie adventure falls flat on its face .
Lackadaisically executed on every level .
Zoom is another one of those endearingly cheap , twice-annual Tim Allen movies that seem to be forever playing on airplanes . -LRB- Next up is Santa Clause 3 . -RRB-
Zoom is a movie that you 've probably seen several times already .
Zoom is a bad movie . It 's badly written , badly directed , badly acted , badly edited , badly scored and beyond badly overdubbed .
Dulled down into a mayo-and-bologna on white by a succession of dependably bland post - ` Home Improvement ' trifles , the light is gone from the eyes of Tim Allen .
Just exactly how desperate are you to get the kids out of the house and into the theater ?
Just picture , if you will , Chevy Chase being covered by green slime . From someone 's nose . If that 's sets you guffawing , you wo n't want to miss `` Zoom , '' an alleged family movie that is nothing of the sort .
Nobody involved with Zoom seems to get the appeal of comic books or kid superheroes . It does n't help that the film was clearly produced on the cheap .
There 's not a single thing to like in this dump of a movie . But I 'm sure your children will enjoy the Kids Meal .
Family-friendly premise notwithstanding , this seemingly innocuous fare scarcely hides the contempt most studio executives must harbor for their audiences .
Seeing the once-great Chevy Chase reduced to this bug-eyed buffoonery is sad , like watching an old man crap his pants at the grocery store .
Too infantile for tweens and too stagnant for tots , Zoom bleeds boredom from every frame .
Fails to ever really find its focus as a story
Your ability to tolerate this movie depends on how much music from the band Smashmouth you can stand .
The only noteworthy thing about the movie , in fact , is a sort of casual racial insensitivity .
When the lights come up after a mercifully short 88 minutes , you 'll want to bolt for the exit . Faster than a speeding bullet .
Shabbily filmed and resolutely unfunny .
Cox falls down three times , Allen belches and Chase gets covered with buckets of green snot . Scenes keep ending on non-jokes like this exchange : ` No way ! ' ` Way ! '
Frankly , this would have been a perfect candidate for the straight-to-DVD shelf . But the young stars are appealing , and at this point in his career , Allen could carry a family film with one hand tied behind his back .
The under-achieving Zoom resembles nothing so much as as a subpar episode of a failed Disney Channel teleseries .
One of the most dismal excuses for family entertainment ever perpetrated by a major studio .
The director of Zoom is Peter Hewitt , who also directed Garfield . Nothing more to say about that .
A crashing , thudding dullness infects every moment of Zoom .
It has plenty of energy and visual effects but not a single original idea in its spandex-clad head .
If Tim Allen really was a superhero , his name would be Blandman . His power : turn even the most innocuous kiddie movie into something nearly unwatchable .
Allen falls somewhere in between phoning this performance in and giving it a half-hearted try . Courteney Cox approaches her role -LRB- his love interest in a lab coat -RRB- like she 'd very much like to be back on Friends .
In terms of age level , Zoom stands somewhere between Baby Geniuses and The Adventures of Pluto Nash , but it 's just as bad as both of them .
An irritating 83-minute music montage posing as a feature film , Zoom is the worst family release so far this year .
The whole thing is a PG-rated greatest hits collection , elements of so many other pictures popping up throughout one could almost make a game of trying to spot and catalogue them all before things run their well-known course .
If you can overlook the snot and fart material that litters the screenplay , the grotesque product placement , along with the rancid Smash Mouth soundtrack , Zoom actually has a faint ability to please .
Featuring a bizarrely dated soundtrack fueled by new music from Smash Mouth , Zoom was designed as a film of training montages . I stopped counting after a half-dozen .
Yes , it 's allegedly based on books by Jason Lethcoe , but it bears little or no resemblance to them .
It 's a contender for Worst Kid Movie of 2006 .

@highlight

Lacking the punch and good cheer of The Incredibles and Sky High , Zoom is a dull and laugh-free affair .