McConaughey campily channels Jon Stewart channeling George W. Bush for his impersonation of Lengyel .
... would 've benefited from the presence of virtually any other actor in the central role ...
We Are Marshall is not a bad movie ; it is a potentially nice , familiar movie unfortunately marred by the unspeakably awful performance of Matthew McConaughey .
A sentimental , simplistically inspiring movie that leans heavily on Matthew McConaughey 's substantial energy and charisma for its success .
Despite its best intentions , there is much in We Are Marshall that holds it back from being the best it can be .
What allows We Are Marshall to stand above many of the other 2006 sports movies is both the undeniable power of the story itself and the strong ensemble McG gathered to tell it .
We Are Marshall is the kind of movie that not only believes in the goodness of humankind , but makes you believe it , too .
That McG makes it vital and energetic , and not morose or preachy , shows a director on top of his game .
` We Are Marshall ' is both better than it has a right to be and still feels somewhat disappointing .
As exciting and well staged as the on-field action is -LRB- finally , a football movie gives the field goal kicker the respect he 's due ! -RRB- , I was more taken by what was happening off the field .
... A heartfelt tribute to those who died and those who lived .
We are not impressed .
You 'd think with this set up that Annie 's experience would be complex and sustained in We Are Marshall , but no . This is a men 's story .
... sincere performances help to put over some of the inspirational cliches ...
It would be easier to tolerate the movie 's mile-wide sentimental streak if -LSB- director -RSB- McG seemed genuinely interested in exploring the confusing mix of emotions that follows a horrible tragedy .
Even with the triumphant ending , it 's still a lot of tragedy to get over in life , let alone in one evening .
There 's genuine emotion in this movie , and wide-ranging ones at that . There 's the shock of loss , the struggle in moving forward , the fear of failure and the joy of putting one 's passion into a good cause , regardless of the results .
A strong cast -LSB- is -RSB- shortchanged by a director who ca n't trust his audience to feel anything not loaded with exclamation points .
Too long and too talky . It takes 40 minutes for star Matthew McConaughey to make his first appearance .
Subtlety is not a word in this director 's vocabulary . The odd thing is , the story is so powerful that you do n't really object to McG 's methodology .
I loved this movie . It is never overly sentimental ... it is simply the honest tale of a rebirth of a community deeply in pain .
The film 's second half is the more traditional and expected practice field/game day footage , where we follow the fortunes of the team ----- scenes we 've all seen before .
When McG gets to the big-game finale , he fumbles big-time , going for a deflating victory at the expense of emotional truth .
Reaches for inspiration but finds mediocrity .
Unlike a lot of sports movies , it does n't end with a championship or a great upset over a powerhouse . The real victory on the Marshall campus was in fielding a team that honored and respected the legacy of the 1970 team .
A touching story turns into an ordinary movie-of-the-week .
We Are Marshall is never as emotionally draining as this material requires , but it gives it the old college try and comes close to succeeding .
We Are Marshall has plenty of heart . Unfortunately , that heart is dipped in a vat of caramel and topped with marshmallows .
Bittersweet football flick less concerned with gridiron feats than with how members of a tight-knit community deal with their grief in the wake of a disaster .
This unforgettable and incredible true story of tragedy and triumph in the face of overwhelming odds is a striking testament to the power of the human spirit .
We Are Marshall is n't about grief or loss , but how these things can be overcome . It 's uplifting , but shallow .
I suppose there 's a place for this studio picture 's brand of popcorn catharsis . One just wishes the powerful story at its heart felt more genuine and less manipulative .
Touchdowns , tragedy and triumph ... all the elements of a sports flick with heart .
A surprisingly sturdy little film .
Good , standard sports schmaltz
This is a movie that sits there , doing nothing , leaving an audience waiting and wondering why they are supposed to care or get emotionally involved , which is really too bad because there is a great story to be told here .
This was undeniably a horrific event for the victims ' families friends , colleagues as well as for the entire community . But the movie seems to almost exploit this tragedy so it can make audiences weep , and ultimately , cheer .
Swings wildly between somber and stupid .
The film benefits from a strong cast ; McConaughey 's Lengyel is eccentric but ultimately engaging , while David Strathairn and Ian McShane , as Dedmon and a grief-stricken father , respectively , deliver subtly powerful performances .
What 's missing is any kind of insight into the lives of the dead players or the members of the Young Thundering Herd who rise up to replace them .
A series of montage and anecdotal vignettes follows as they recruit a whole new team , learn lessons from the catastrophe , lose and then win , with plenty of sentimentality sprinkled over the whole thing .
We Are Marshall is a bit of a shame , because the subject matter could have been something special in the hands of stronger filmmakers .
This particular movie , obviously carefully and thoroughly researched , needed to articulate the experiences of the townspeople of Huntington more thoroughly than it does .
We Are Marshall is in the rousing , uplifting tradition of several recent sports movies .
A memorable , deeply felt tribute that scores serious points despite its few fumbles .
We Are Marshall -LRB- it 's the rally cry of the team -RRB- does n't always have a handle on the grief , but it does keep emotions close to the surface . That allows McConaughey to be the most refreshing , funny and believable he ever has been .
Often as not , the movie works . Here and there , it works kind of beautifully .
We Are Marshall is the kind of crassly formulaic movie in which everything hinges on a single play in the final seconds of a big football game .
A better film would have acknowledged the limits of sport and discovered that when you 're in mourning all you can do is distract yourself , either by hard work -LRB- on the part of the surviving teammates -RRB- or meaningless entertainment -LRB- the fans -RRB- .
It looks like every inspirational sports movie we 've seen in the last five years .
Equally thrilling and wrenching , the film is an absolute must for anyone who loves sports and an eloquent explanation for those who do n't understand what the fuss is about .
Every lump it puts in your throat is fully earned .
Matthew McConaughey is the MVP of We Are Marshall .
We can accept football as a metaphor for picking yourself up and dusting yourself off and finding the courage to get on with life , but only if we 've come to care about the people playing the game .
An entirely serviceable night out for buddies looking to locate hidden feelings .
McG is conducting a one-note symphony , losing the impact of the real story of Marshall University .
As sincerely felt as it may be , We Are Marshall still comes off feeling contrived and superficial .
The film is fortunate to have these two stars -- McConaughey brings some much-needed life and spark , while Fox provides some gravitas .
Too bad the film does n't sustain the mix of sorrow and hope the story requires .
A subtle , delicate hand is required to do loss and grief justice . And that 's something McG does n't have . He tries to convince us that rallying around the old flagpole is drama enough , but it rings false .
Matthew McConaughey injects some much needed life as the oddball coach who sets out to rebuild the football squad , and David Strathairn , Ian McShane , and Robert Patrick do their best with sketchy characters and artless dialogue .
This sense of triumph , more palpable because it 's true , should touch even the crustiest of cynics .
While We Are Marshall is hardly a brilliant movie , it does succeed where it most needs to by honoring the memory of the dead in a manner that is both heartfelt and dignified .
This is the rare football drama -LRB- Friday Night Lights is another -RRB- that gives you a sense of what football means to a town .
More than most films of its ilk , We Are Marshall rises above the clichés that define the genre , connecting sport to larger issues in an emotionally satisfying way .
The season 's glossiest stand-up-and-cheer sit-down-and-cry movie experience .
McG finds the proper balance between a rah-rah sports drama and a contemplative study of a beaten-down town . ... ` Marshall ' also provides McConaughey with a role that 's perfectly tailored to his style .
` We Are Marshall ' has a processed and packaged look and feel . The Marshall folks deserve better .
We Are Marshall is the most insidious kind of bad movie - the very well made kind .
Directed with surprising restraint and compassion by McG , earning our tears rather than jerking them .
Even lesser hacks than McG would have trouble making Jamie Linden 's screenplay float , but I never thought it was possible to blow every big inspirational moment . Maybe because they are all the same .
Matthew Fox , who is supposed to be playing second fiddle to Matthew McConaughey , actually upstages the bigger star by doing everything right that the Texan does wrong -LRB- sounding and acting like Yosemite Sam does n't always work -RRB-
mirrors every other football flick we 've recently seen
Its power dissipates by spreading over too many characters without grounding us enough in their stories , relying too much on signifiers of loss and moving on that are too familiar .
For a movie about the effects of tragedy on the people in a football town , We Are Marshall does n't care about the grief process , its characters , or , most shockingly , football .
... the homework was done to create an evenly paced , sometimes melancholy , sometimes action packed drama that has a lot of heart .
The film is emotionally affecting without being particularly distinguished .
As the world 's biggest sucker for uplifting jock movies , I can heartily endorse the skillfully manipulative We Are Marshall .
McConaughey 's performance is oddly comic but actually serves to counter more traditional interpretations of a stoic coach leading his charges .
It 's a powerful subject , but director McG and screenwriter Jamie Linden haul out every cliché in the playbook .
Among sports movies , We Are Marshall scores enough for respectability .
The movie goes through the usual paces with a certain panache and a handful of interesting performances , but there 's almost not enough story to support a movie , and it 's so overblown in places it 's unintentionally funny .
Syrupy , vapid , unfocused .
We Are Marshall is manipulative and hokey and formulaic , and , often , overly sentimental . But it is also nearly impossible to dislike .
Bright spots ca n't get at the script 's failure to make this into a story about something bigger than sports , in the way Invincible , Miracle and Go Tigers did .
It 's not that We Are Marshall does anything groundbreaking -- and that dependability is part of its appeal . It 's an undeniably compelling story , and maybe it would make you cry just as hard even if it were n't gracefully told .
An inspiring story that shows how sports can be a healing force in times of loss and grief .
A depressingly mechanical sports drama that seems not to have been written and directed so much as home assembled , Ikea-style , by pictorial instruction .
May be noted as the one that flipped McConaughey from underachieving movie idol to terrific character actor .
` Restrained ' and ` tasteful ' are not words normally associated with McG , the director best known for countless music videos and the Charlie 's Angels movie franchise . We Are Marshall could change that .
Strathairn brings a sense of integrity that makes even the film 's most clichéd moments forgivable .
As inspirational football movies go , this well-intentioned but disappointing effort sputters and stalls , like putting coal in a tattered Christmas stocking .
Winds up feeling like a big story told only in a small way .
This is not a great football movie . It is , however , a great movie about how to get on with life after a disastrous event .
... begins with a politely observed time of mourning and then gets on to the business of triumph , even if the movie has to invent it .
More than a simple football movie , the theme is not about winning or losing , but finding the strength to move on in spite of tragedy .
An intuitive , raw nerve type of actor , McConaughey lets it fly as Lengyel , and his enthusiasm is something to behold .
The movie certainly has its heart in the right place , but that alone just is n't enough .
The results feel like a high-minded TV film -LRB- there are even places in its structure for the eventual insertion of commercials -RRB- .
An authentic and specific story of grit and grace in the face of tragedy has been Hollywoodized -- or more properly , bastardized . A shame , indeed .
-LSB- O -RSB- f course real people 's real pain can be turned , yet again , into trite , glossy cinematic junk food . How could we possibly doubt this ?
I 've never been able to accept Matthew McConaughey in a romantic role , but he 's very impressive as the dedicated coach in ` We Are Marshall . '
We Are Marshall is precisely what one expects from a true sports story : it 's uplifting and inspiring .
Even by the low standards of the young-jocks-as-good-clean-soldiers movie , there 's little at stake here , unless you count the kids ' hunger to win one for the Gipper .
In a decidedly schmaltzy film , McConaughey 's performance of a gutsy idiot is arguably off-the-scale bad , but , as he chews up the scenery , his off-putting work begins to become somewhat charming .
Much like the 1971 Marshall team , this picture is long on heart and short on talent .
A rich and entertaining experience that does a good job avoiding the cliches that often hinder similar football-tinged dramas .
Does n't score any touchdowns in the emotion department .
Full of good intentions , We Are Marshall has a game plan that 's hard to fault , but as with any playbook , a scheme is only as good as how well it 's executed .
We Are Marshall rates as one of the best sports movies ever made . This is a masterful triumph from the director McG that will make your heart soar in joy at the end .
Heart 's in the right place but cliches abound .
`` Grief is messy , '' says McShane 's anguished dad . We Are Marshall 's disingenuously tidy portrait of it , alas , is not .
What should have been an inspirational story about fortitude and courage in the face of mind-numbing tragedy becomes a compendium of sports cliches .
We Are Marshall has little of the bone-crunching sincerity of the recent pigskin rouser Invincible . This one is more like Unconvincing .
Takes in all the usual football movie clichés , and then adds to them a lot of vague emotional flailing .
Right up front , this terrific movie about courage establishes itself .
The effort of building a new team and the results will warm the hearts of football fans everywhere .









@highlight

Matthew McConaughey almost runs We Are Marshall to the end zone , but ca n't stop it from taking the easy , feel-good route in memorializing this historic event in American sports .