A fascinating science lesson for anyone interested in either deep-sea -- or outer space -- exploration .
Yes , the work they 're doing is mind-boggling and important , but sometimes the images alone are more than capable of speaking for themselves .
It 's not usual for documentaries to ingest the sci-fi genre , but in this case it 's an eye pleasing and mind boggling excursion , beautifully realised and seamlessly integrated into the film .
The far more interesting stuff is back here at the bottom of the sea .
Once you get used to the `` awesome '' and `` wow '' - heavy dialogue , James Cameron 's excursion into both 3-D technology and deep ocean trenches delivers some fascinating footage .
Even if these plants and animals did not exist , we may have already invented them , courtesy of those sci fi special effects magicians working overtime for the past decades .
That IMAX 3-D cameras have plunged so deep to record an often bizarre array of sea creatures undoubtedly delivers a certain ` wow ' factor , but the accompanying commentary is heavier on breathless excitement than solid fact .
The final shot , in particular , is awesome , and confirms that the sooner Cameron gets back to making proper movies , instead of Boys ' Own diversions , the better .
I want the old James Cameron back .
-LSB- Cameron -RSB- speculates that the ocean 's depths contain mysterious life unlike anything else on Earth .
A master showman 's large-format documentary , a movie with great images , great special effects and the sheen of Hollywood often missing in these museum or science-center movies .
Some great shots of some odd -LRB- alien -RRB- deep sea fish and a good tie into space exploration , but other than that , the 3D is n't that great and reaction shots go too long .
The experience is so immediate and immersive that you actually feel as if you are swimming with the krill .
There are impressive rock formations and many other fine things to see , along with an interesting science lesson .
It is a lot more like being there than just watching pictures taken by someone who was there .
It 's visually stunning , but -LSB- James Cameron -RSB- ca n't resist going slightly too far with its premise .
Here we know only that Cameron and his bright-eyed young scientists -LRB- who take turns narrating -RRB- are heading to the deeper parts of the Atlantic and Pacific to observe the environment and life-forms down there .
Much of the allure of the film comes from Cameron 's easygoing , rather unscientific approach to the project .
It presents complex ideas simply with amazing visuals to wow those from eight to eighty .
The first two-thirds of Aliens of the Deep offer a fascinating peek into earth 's mysteries .
It is useful to be reminded every once in a while that there 's a whole universe of things we do n't know , and that their discovery is exciting .
Often thrilling .
It 's fantastic stuff .
Most of us will never have the good fortune to see these sights in their natural habitats , but the marvelous 3-D imagery reveals them gloriously .
... captures not only the majesty of the brinier depths - but also the fascination therein that keeps luring Cameron back to the ocean .
When the cameras focus on the weird geography and strange beings of the ocean depths and on the expressive reactions of those observing it all through the walls of their vessels , they capture a wonder you feel privileged to behold .
Though the experience is mind-boggling , it can also spark blurry optical overload .
-LSB- Though -RSB- he 's like the Joe Garagiola of the deep ... Cameron 's unadvisable whims are excusable : as a coffee table book , Aliens of the Deep is a beaut .
Visually , this is another leap for 3D and robotic cameras .
Cameron 's extrapolation of undersea exploration into the realm of outer space amounts to little more than atomic age fiction for the layperson .
Cameron is no longer content to merely show what 's down there . Aliens of the Deep also speculates about what might be up there . Way up there in outer space .
In the end , you have to give Cameron points for putting his financial muscle behind scientific expeditions rather than , say , lavish parties .
An educational and thoroughly entertaining documentary that 's in the Everest class of great IMAX movies .
An adventure that -- right up until the end -- is a magnificent journey of scientific discovery and exploration .
Wow ! Aliens ! No , I mean really , creatures like nothing you 've ever seen before ...
Cameron 's showmanship and his on-screen appearances make his documentaries far livelier than your usual IMAX nature documentary , and this one is no exception .
We 're treated to more intramural banter and golly-gee chatter among the crew than we can use , and are not given enough scientific information .
Less focused thematically than its predecessor , the Titanic film Ghosts of the Abyss , Aliens of the Deep is nonetheless a visually enthralling undersea travelogue .
Now , not much gets answered , and some of the conclusions take a Hollywood imagination to go there , but it 's sure fun to ride shotgun and see Cameron play with his expensive toys -- all in the name of research .
Beyond a doubt the biggest movie ever made about shrimp , Aliens of the Deep is a technical marvel that still manages to fall somewhere severely south of marvelous .
Both dazzling underwater ballet and a welcome salvo for clarity in the current backlash against evolution .
Not a scientific documentary so much as a journey to an alien world , and basically what we want to do is peer out the portholes along with the explorers .
One sign of a successful IMAX outing is how it makes you believe you are there in every frame , and this one does .
Last time we checked , ` Cool ' was n't in the official scientist-jargon handbook ... go see this to be entertained rather than to be educated .
A grandiose hybrid of undersea documentary and outer-space fantasy .
The 48-minute spellbinder will make your jaw drop with awe . And , like the best documentaries , it will also make you think .
A major treat for the eyes .
Monsters , egotistical directors , special effects -- yeah , this is n't exactly the Scientific American . But many of the sights in Aliens of the Deep are spectacular .
We go ` ooh ' and ` aaah ' with these guys and gals .
Aliens of the Deep has a few moments of awe but its overall message is utilitarian , using ocean exploration as a stepping stone to outer space adventures .
Puts some of these incredible creatures right in our laps . And we do n't even need to travel hundreds of light years to see them .
definitely worth the price of admission -- even if you have to wear the stupid glasses
It 's a fascinating , kid-friendly journey , minus some clunky dialogue and the injection of Hollywood-style hypothesizing about what Europa 's aliens might look like .
The crew ooos and aahs and talks like so many valley girls -LRB- `` awesome , '' `` freaky , '' etc. -RRB- , leaving the viewer hungry for some more substantive science to back up the visuals .
You 'll see some strange , gentle wonders in Aliens of the Deep .
Though only 48 minutes long and the 3-D effects are sometimes stunning , it has substantial passages that are curiously dull ... ca n't hold a candle to Cameron 's other ` Aliens . '
It 's good that a kid , and maybe even an adult , may want to ` touch ' one of the so-called aliens thrust out for our inspection . But more important , a kid , and maybe even an adult , may want to become a human scientist .
Cameron and his crew have captured mesmerizing footage .
With Imax-sized ambitions , James Cameron is the ideal tour guide for these fascinating expeditions .
Like many IMAX films , it 's worth a look for the razzle-dazzle photography , but do n't expect much in the way of serious science .


@highlight

An amazing array of images from beneath the sea .