The film ends on a moving , achingly ambiguous note , with Yossi getting more emotionally mature but not yet completely out of the woods .
a very real portrait of a man on the verge of accepting himself
Filled with many of the awkward life moments that many gay men will recognise , as well as a freshly lensed look at the new Israel , Yossi is a strong and touching take on grief .
Yossi is a stronger film than its predecessor , more deeply felt and less reliant on love-story conventions .
... an awfully familiar fantasy-for gays and straights alike-about an emotionally repressed older man saved by a young beauty who sees the kind soul and intelligence under the frumpy surface .
Knoller is wonderful as the emotionally cut-off , yet vulnerable Yossi , who yearns for something more from life , but feels both terror at the prospect and unworthiness to claim it .
Yossi is an early spring breeze of a film - too delicate to be substantial but definitely holding the promise of warmth .
It 's serious about its characters and their emotions , but still finds room for humor .
`` Yossi '' has an air of lightness but never feels insignificant .
Fox understands that the joys and tears of looking for love are not unique to gay Israeli men ... viewers can relate to the emotional conflicts regardless of one 's orientation .
Eytan Fox depicts modern gay life and contemporary Tel Aviv with sympathy and knowing insight , and he excels at creating casual rapport among actors ; yet in film after film he undermines these gifts with hamfisted melodramatic plotting .
Knoller manages to make even a withdrawn character compelling , and worth rooting for as Yossi struggles to shed his shell .
Fox has graduated from amateur to modest professional .
... -LSB- Knoller 's -RSB- portrayal of a person locked in his own grief is both realistic and sympathetic , and Fox brings events to a conclusion that is more than worth the wait .
The film 's pacing sputters as Fox drags Yossi through dreary scenes of self-denying repression .
The several allusions to Thomas Mann 's forbidden-love novel `` Death in Venice '' are apt , but `` Yossi '' is also a standalone film and an extraordinary sequel .
Hovers somewhere between a realistic take on love and the vision of romance sold by drugstore novels .
`` Yossi '' offers genuine pleasures -LRB- even some of Fox 's trademark musical numbers -RRB- .
It 's a slight but uplifting charmer that serves as a feel-good bookend to the sadder first film .
Predictable if measured uplift aside , Fox keeps `` Yossi '' effortlessly affecting , graced with deadpan humor and a knowingness about lonely lives .
Directed by Eytan Fox , the gifted helmer of the international hit Walk on Water , ` Yossi , ' a work of special depth , is yet another of his incisive character studies of a man who does n't quite fit in until he finally does .
Beneath its economical story line , `` Yossi '' is also about leaving the past behind in a larger , national , more metaphysical fashion , too .
A dramatically challenging sequel , given warmly effective heart and soul by lead actor Ohad Knoller .
Eytan Fox and screenwriter Itay Segal have made this a truly universal story about a man who finds the courage to pursue the possibility of love again after heartbreak and loss .
The film keeps its focus small , but the trouble is , the characters ' emotions stay that way , too .
`` Yossi '' tells the beautifully acted but overly sentimental story of a man 's emotional rebirth in a more sexually liberated era . It is also a pointed portrayal of the revolution in social attitudes inside the most liberal and secularized of Israeli cities .
An affecting and admirably unsentimental portrait of lost love .
Yossi is an unabashedly populist entertainment with a spirit conciliatory enough to melt the heart of any naysayer .
The film 's central romance veers into the realm of wish-fulfillment , but it 's still drawn with tenderness and sensitivity ...
His struggles remain compelling , thanks to Knoller 's sad-eyed authenticity .
The film is at its finest as a catalogue of Yossi 's unspoken ache , less so when it begins to flirt with the clichés of the love story .
The perfectly sculpted , entirely sure-of-himself Tom ultimately seems more of a construct than a character , his carefree nature shaped almost entirely by the very wish-fulfillment clichés that the movie otherwise sidesteps.m his mostly self-created shell .
Ten years later , Yossi powerfully probes the grief that still consumes the surviving ex-soldier , now working as a physician in Tel Aviv .
An authentic study of the loneliness of a closeted gay man and his struggle to break free from this prison .
A tender but happily unsentimental tale of a closeted gay doctor in Israel who finds at least a measure of happiness with a young soldier .
Quietly moving and wholly unsentimental .
Dour and obvious , this is a disappointing footnote to the original .
It 's a film full of tenderness , resting on a tremendous , sad performance from Knoller .
A few rough edges , but has a lot to say about finding love whether you 're gay or straight .
-LSB- A -RSB- slight but tenderly played drama .
A tender Israeli drama with a gorgeous soundtrack and a truly sympathetic character at its heart ...
Knoller 's superbly underplayed performance ensures that Yossi 's sad-sack tendencies are n't allowed to alienate him from our affections .
This is a perceptive , warm-hearted work , anchored by Knoller 's impressively less-is-more performance .


@highlight

Smart , moving , and deeply empathetic , Yossi is a thoughtful examination of love and grief .