The beauty of the final showdown is that it 's a form in which anything could happen . It 's an emotional wilderness , a sort of invented environment that brings To closer to André Téchiné than either of his two co-directors here .
Your best strategy is simply to sit back , try to follow along , and enjoy the hijinks .
A convoluted crime caper with strong ethical underpinnings to support its many moods and styles .
The film is made confusing not only by the twisting plot but by the varied styles of the three cult directors .
To 's stylishly choreographed , action-led finale wraps things up with a blackly humorous and suspenseful stand-off in an outdoor restaurant .
But there is an inescapable air of disappointment that three brilliant directors have handed in a movie that barely scratches the potential of the experiment .
Three of Hong Kong cinema 's top names take turns to direct this batty heist-gone-wrong thriller , which proceeds from stylish-but-incomprehensible -LRB- Tsui Hark -RRB- through crunchy and violent -LRB- Ringo Lam -RRB- to just barking -LRB- Johnnie To -RRB- .
The filmic equivalent of pass-the-parcel on Triangle , a convoluted crime caper about a mysterious gold coin and the luckless bozos on its trail .
The results are messy , incoherent and ultimately three times as tedious .
Little of it however , is genuinely striking enough to suggest a welcome reception beyond the already converted .
It 's a shaggy dog story , with a script obviously made up as the film was being shot , but reasonably engrossing as the directors enjoy exaggerating their own mannerisms .
A seriocomic crimer by Tsui Hark , Ringo Lam and Johnnie To that 's a diverting , sometimes head-scratching experiment that will mostly chime with Asian movie buffs rather than satisfy general auds as a single , homogenous pic .
Any fan who can tell Anthony Wong from Andy Lau will find worth watching for more than just the three-directors approach .
The cinematic equivalent of an inedible mess where ingredients war with one another and no one has paid any attention to the poor fellow who must consume the meal .


@highlight

Semi-comic-action thriller Triangle teams three leading Hong Kong directors together with confusing results . For asian cinema aficionados only .