The film 's polemic on violence in modern popular culture has a self-defeating narcissism ; cheap comic violence is used to propel the action forward rather than develop plot or characters .
Defenders of Funny Games repeatedly point out that it should n't be fun . But if it is n't , then it should at least be subversive .
A cool , calculated exercise in serious discomfort .
For an audience that willingly hands over fistfuls of cash to see men and women savagely tortured in the name of entertainment , Funny Games U.S. is just the director giving the people what they want . Enjoy .
This new version adds nothing novel , but it lacks none of the original 's bite .
If you saw the original , the elements of suprise may be missing , but dread and suspense and nastiness are translated perfectly .
As an experiment in film form , Funny Games is intriguing , but the self-congratulation and post-modern trickery are at once irksome and intellectually and artistically dishonest .
We 're left with the nasty taste of our own bloodlust long after the credits have rolled .
Registers more strongly than the original as a film about privileged white people ...
An actors ' showcase and a hefty serving of director Michael Haneke 's self indulgence
There is something far uglier and dirtier below the surface : voyeuristic sadism in which Haneke implicitly involves his audience
It 's a tawdry kind of horror movie plot , given new meaning by Haneke 's considerable intellect .
I 'm not at all sure that , in manipulating the audience to make his points , Haneke is n't as guilty of exploitation as the filmmakers and the films he 's attacking here .
The movie is unforgettable and will cause a reaction from you , whether you like it or not . Me ? I liked it 's sick , twisted sense of manipulating the audience
Flogging the audience is one thing , but to deny them free will in their role - thus responsibility - is something else .
After several years of `` torture porn '' horror flicks , Funny Games sets the counter back to zero , reminding us that torture is n't fun , is n't stimulating , and is n't something we should be getting off on .
In Funny Games , Haneke seems content to ram his thumbs into our eyes and then ask us why we were foolish enough to get within arm 's length of his gray , grizzled visage .
... a lurid piece of business , made all the more offensive for its apparent higher aspirations .
toso idio me to prototypo , poy aksizei na to deis mono an den to % u0384hes dei , i an theleis na to ksanadeis
What 's terrible and irritating about the film is that Haneke is n't doing it to tell a story . He just wants to punish us for wanting to see this movie in the first place .
This is a piece of art . The direction is amazing , the performances are top-notch , and the pot-boiling pace is pitch-perfect .
We want retribution , we want reparations , we want revenge , but Haneke refuses to submit to our pleas , because he 's the storyteller , and he 's the one playing the games ...
It 's hard to imagine why anyone would want to subject themselves to the harrowing brutality of ` Funny Games , ' but give German-born filmmaker Michael Haneke his due - his movie is shockingly effective .
It 's not a reassuring vision but that 's not the name of Haneke 's particular game .
A stylish , darkly satirical horror-thriller , raising serious questions about Hollywood 's sanitisation of violence .
At heart , Funny Games is about the totalitarianism of cinema itself .
It 's an intellectually and morally challenging film that 'll still have you shouting at the screen and lurching in your seat with every jolt .
I defy you to find another movie with this much contempt for its audience .
... static , slow-moving and perversely timid ...
... Makes a valid point , but I did n't need a two-hour lecture to get it .
Not only is it a carbon copy , but such recent genre movies as ` Hostel ' have examined the attraction of screen violence with greater immediacy and subversiveness .
The movie assumes you know all this already and shows it to you anyway .
That this relentless barrage of psychological and physical torture is extremely well made and powerfully performed -- Watts hurls herself into her physically demanding role with heroic conviction -- somehow makes it worse .
No , Michael Haneke 's new version does not need to exist . Regardless of its inherent quality or lack thereof , it serves essentially no useful purpose .
With the cult of cruelty wallpapering the media more than ever , and murders , wars and celebrity breakdowns as spectator sport , it was inevitable that the cinema of sadism would grab the untapped egghead arthouse crowd market . And the stampede is on .
I do recommend the movie for those who like seriously hardcore suspense ... The violence is absolutely uncomfortable , but I think that point could have been amply made without the violation of reality
If he 's not a master at making audiences squirm , -LRB- Michael -RRB- Haneke -LRB- Caché -RRB- is close .
It 's a realism meant to demonstrate how people who enjoy such movies are accessories to the proliferation of violence in media , and Haneke pulls it off with a master 's touch .
An art-punk lecture gone weirdly wrong , the film works in ways the director presumably never intended . But the nasty thing works all the same . The movie is a flawlessly engineered torture device .
Things turn really nasty , in ways that will shock and repulse . And yet it is difficult to look away .
What many people will fail to realize is that this is a Dadaist exercise -- it is not concerned with traditional aesthetics , and is intended to offend , in order to destroy the current climate of filmmaking , and its fostering of a culture of violence .
The last thing I expected was to walk out of a theater showing Funny Games with a smile on my face .
Although Funny Games inspires a lot of conflicting emotions in viewers , is n't it always better to leave the theatre feeling something than nothing at all ?
The fact that it features fine performances , talented direction and some moments of genuine suspense only makes the end product that much more grotesque and appalling .
Haneke 's assault on our fantasy lives is shallow , unimaginative , and glacially unengaged -- a sucker punch without the redeeming passion of punk .
Performances are stellar .
A disturbing headscratcher likely to leave an audience feeling more abused than entertained .
This is cinematic gamesmanship that is simultaneously brutal , bizarre and elegant in its audacity . Director Haneke has artistically exploited cinematic structure to play with and engage the mind . It 's a very funny game indeed .
It is by far the most disturbing movie I 've ever seen . I do n't smoke , but if I did I would have easily gone through a pack of cigarettes afterward .
Though fundamentally a nihilistic exercise , it 's one with intellect and purpose behind it , and though chilly and remote , it 's certainly unnerving .
Haneke has constructed a gimmicky , pretentious mess that deservedly or not , will generate controversy . After all , generating controversy with Funny Games is Haneke 's unabashed goal ; would that it was making a better film .
Posits that we humans are a persuadable lot , willing to accept almost anything in the name of entertainment .
Haneke 's rigorously intellectual , curiously controlled approach all but guarantees that we observe these Funny Games from a distance , with a sense of detachment , rather than sharing the victims ' wrenching anguish .
Haneke not only manipulates the audience , he goes as far as to openly mock it !
It 's a pesky example of the American penchant for taking a fairly contemporary film and getting rid of the nasty subtitles .
torture porn for the arthouse crowd
In addition to being borderline unendurable , Funny Games is inexplicable , and I do n't mean in any philosophical sense . Who thought the world needed a shot-for-shot English-language version of Mr. Haneke 's 1997 German-language film ?
Throughout the picture , Haneke demonstrates an imperial hauteur that completely undercuts his already dubious point .
While Haneke is attacking our culture for being drawn to violent fare , he is also relishing in presenting it to us , in prolonged and detailed fashion .
It 's awfully hard to see what the film does right on account of that giant Austrian finger wagging in your dumb American face .
The performances are outstanding across the board . The direction and writing are masterful .
not what it appears to be on the surface .
A sour project that defines anti-imaginative .
If you meet director Michael Haneke and you tell him his movie , Funny Games , cheesed you off , he 'll probably be thrilled .
Are you complicit for watching the stuff ? Would you be less of a jerk if you walked out ? Is -LSB- Haneke -RSB- wallowing in the thing he 's critiquing and consequently a bigger jerk ?
While I admire the film 's tone , acting -LRB- Pitt in particular is divinely nasty -RRB- and general irreverence , I do n't feel I need the spanking .
There 's no denying Austrian director Michael Haneke 's skill as a filmmaker , but Funny Games is just a vile cinematic exercise .
The film 's deliberate pace combines with an overall bleakness to alienate the viewer .
Haneke appears to assume that we want these bad guys punished , and constructs little tricks to frustrate our desires . But sitting through this airless theater of the depraved was enough punishment .
It 's a pity the movie is so smug , gimmicky and heartless .
Whether it 's the original or the replica , this is a film that is impossible to enjoy and difficult to forget .
Michael Haneke hates you .
Basically torture porn every bit as manipulative and reprehensible as Hostel , even if it 's tricked out with intellectual pretension .
If you 're interested in intellectual abstraction , you might find Haneke 's games intriguing . Just be warned : When the movie ends , you 'll definitely feel like you 've been played .
Effectively provocative but to what purpose ?
Both versions of Funny Games force the audience to eat it , really eat it , and while they 're eating it , to think about the mechanics and the narrative tropes of a typical revenge drama .
... brilliant and terrifying and borderline-unwatchable ...
Because it is generally more horrifying than mentally stimulating , the mere act of watching it makes you feel like an accomplice .
The experience of watching Funny Games , be it the original or this version , is never forgotten , whatever your ultimate impression of the film .
Haneke keeps a lot of the brutality off screen , the more to stimulate our imaginations , do n't you know .
Haneke is a master at creating dread and doom . And then he builds upon it .
Funny Games may be too skillfully executed and acted to dismiss , but it is also easily despised and certain to be loathed .
The worst of the violence occurs off-screen , but Funny Games is still a vicious , vicious movie .
It 's not exactly entertainment , but it casts a poisonous spell .
You will be deeply disturbed , but you will watch obsessively . You will be haunted , and manipulated , and angered , and you will suffer pangs of guilt , too .
It 's one big ball of icky attitude , violence and nihilism .
Funny Games U.S. is one of those interesting but ultimately pointless experimental films .
All the things we hope from in a fright film with characters we recognize as very much like ourselves are toyed with .
This is n't a movie , it 's a thesis .
The earlier release helped make him a critics ' darling with its meta-movie touches and baldly articulated strategy of implicating the audience in the violence ; replayed a decade later , those stunts feel both rhetorical and redundant .
A truly F'ed up thriller and aesthetic experience .
Director Michael Haneke abhors mindless cinematic violence as much as you do . He just has a different approach : high-minded shock therapy .
Funny Games is an art house Hostel -- it mistakes self-consciousness for intelligence .
It 's an -LRB- arguably -RRB- nonexploitive , nightmarish vision of random violence that goes exactly where you do n't want it to go and then goes even further .
Funny Games is like a graduate thesis on screen violence . It 's less successful as a compelling piece of cinema .
A fascinating meditation on the commercialization of violence in popular culture that will shock even the most jaded moviegoers into contemplating what they look for in mass entertainment .
Watching `` Funny Games '' is pure torture . It 's not that the film is bad , mind you . Far from it . `` Funny Games '' is a work of unmitigated genius . But it is , most certainly , not for the faint of heart .
a scary and tense movie that tries to be different , but the attempt is best described as giving the middle finger to the audience
If you loved Hostel and are in the market for an exceedingly , diabolically well made torture/horror film , you ca n't do much better than this .
The only real torture here is the one Haneke inflicts on the audience .
The appalling sadism it eagerly employs in the name of , well , decrying sadism , becomes all the more infuriating when Funny Games repeatedly tells us it 's for our own good .
Either one subscribes to Haneke 's breathless nihilism and sarcasm or you give up immediately and write the whole thing off as another Eurotrash director masturbating with his camera ... my personal choice is a nap .
One thing you can say about Michael Haneke 's unbelievably brutal thriller , Funny Games , is that it 's an experience : an unpleasant , unsettling , cruelly manipulative and finally hateful experience , but an experience nonetheless .
Haneke 's been quoted as saying he wants his movies to make people think , but Funny Games is 110 minutes of pure reptile-brain jolts -LRB- fear , mostly -RRB- , with a couple of meta-narrative finger wags thrown in .
Even if you 're already aware that violence is sickening , thank you very much , Haneke 's confrontational film stirs up distressing emotions and leaves you to resolve them as best you can . Good luck . You 'll need it .
This iteration of the slow-moving story features many of the same beats and shocks as its predecessor , which - of course - ensures that the movie also suffers from precisely the sort of overwhelming problems that plagued the original .
Unlike some recent ` torture-porn ' movies , this film leaves the most reprehensible moments unseen -LRB- much of the violence is overheard -RRB- . However , all that shows is that a film can be somewhat restrained and subtle and still be in bad taste .
Funny Games , Michael Haneke 's first English-language film -- and a compulsively faithful replica of his notorious 1997 German-language feature of the same title -- subjects its viewers to a long spectacle of wanton and gratuitous brutality .
It 's one of the most repugnant , unpleasant , sadistic movies ever made . No matter what virtues of craft one can find within , no matter what themes lie beneath , Funny Games is aesthetically indefensible .
A chilly and extraordinarily controlled treatise on film violence , Funny Games punishes the audience for its casual bloodlust by giving it all the sickening torture and mayhem it could possibly desire . Neat trick , that .
... a masterwork of manipulation ...
You 'll likely experience a strong reaction to Funny Games , but therein lies the conundrum : Is the film simply reprehensible , or is it art ?
A movie that lives and dies on its gimmick , and when you figure out that all it 's doing is toying with us , there 's nothing left worth watching .
more than the sum of its facile narrative parts .
this Funny Games remake is as thrilling , as provocative , and as harrowing as the original - but only because it is a near carbon copy .
Difficult to like and yet impossible to deny , Funny Games is a coldly efficient , spectacularly acted and unremittingly bleak thriller .
-LSB- Director Haneke is -RSB- an adept manipulator who goes one better by calling attention to his manipulations , questioning them , and then , still , managing to freak us out in the coldest , cruelest ways .
While the movie 's star -- and ruler , and ship 's captain , and grand poobah -- is Haneke himself , his actors are sublime .
A chillingly effective thriller , it is likely to leave you edgy for quite some time .
Tackles issues that mean much more now than they did 11 years ago ... so tense that you may forget to breathe .
Funny Games is about as hostile a jest as has ever been aimed at American audiences by a foreign director . The joke would n't be half as galling were it not so expertly written and executed .
It 's not a fun ride , but Funny Games forces us -- almost against our will -- to examine its characterization of violence and our response to it .
If the pot means to call the kettle black in order to make a larger point , that still does n't change the pot 's color .
Pure terror . See this movie !
The only ambiguity in Funny Games lies in who 's most abused here , the characters or the audience ?
Can a movie be gripping and repellent at the same time ?
You know what garbage is , but until you see Funny Games , a bucket of swill by Austrian wacko Michael Haneke , you have no idea how bad it can smell .
Rests so heavily on tenterhooks of guilt that an apology is in order for admiring it .
Haneke is a hypocrite who wants to censure anyone who likes fictionalized cruelty but nonetheless takes great pleasure in punishing his innocent upper-class protagonists
Without ever acknowledging his own sadism , Haneke self-righteously lays his aesthetic and moral cards on the table .
While I would stop short of calling Funny Games brilliant , I think it 's forceful , unforgettable , and thought-provoking .
I would absolutely defend Haneke 's right to relaunch his broadside on our voyeuristic vices , but he 's not keeping up with the times ; he 's behind them .
Scream for arthouse aficionados .
Both versions of Funny Games equally represent the most indigestible and unsettling fictional film I 've ever seen .
Michael Haneke has made a film that 's neither smart nor powerful , but instead just miserable and disrespectful of its audience , and nothing more .
Comes across as an intellectual study of the horror genre , featuring some superb acting and a cuttingly intelligent script .
Naomi Watts is superb , but Haneke 's remake of his 1997 film comes across as a semi-Brechtian analytic exercise in manipulating audiences expectations of and reactions to violence rather than an emotionally engaging saga of a family in danger .
A gripping tale that peaks and loses its grip .
Rivals and probably tops the Ellen Page internet-predator film Hard Candy in disgusting , vile , vicious , incandescently brutal wickedness . So why did I love this evil film ?
The purpose is to provoke and disturb the audience . It does this so well that you may not be able to watch it .
Not only a bleak and harrowing horror tale , but it 's also Haneke 's indictment / deconstruction of , well , bleak and harrowing horror tales .
As the film progresses , it becomes painfully clear there 's no real point to the story ; what we 're witnessing is a cool , intellectual exercise , as devoid of character and motivation as the two psychos themselves .

@highlight

Though made with great skill , Funny Games is nevertheless a sadistic exercise in chastising the audience .