At its very best , Ghost Protocol has a leanness and meanness at its core that transcends all earlier M : I efforts .
It 's lucid , ingenious filmmaking , at least until the action motor slows down and the paint-by-numbers handling of flesh and bone turns glaring .
It-despite many instances beyond the suspension of disbelief-works .
Although it lacks some of its original slickness and more surprising twists , Ghost Protocol really breathes new life into the franchise .
The film clanks along on square wheels , like some left over cold war relic . Indeed the central plot point of imminent nuclear disaster -LRB- nukes , do we still have to worry about those ? -RRB- seems something that old James Bond would have to contend with .
` Ghost Protocol ' is a stripped-down , lo-fi ` Mission Impossible ' that winds the nail biting up to a near-unbearable cliffhanger degree , thanks to Brad Bird 's sense of drama and timing .
A welcome restart to the `` Mission Impossible '' movie series .
It 's truly difficult to imagine anyone not clutching his or her armrests for dear life during this vertigo-inducing scene .
What we 're looking at here is basically a delivery system for action set-pieces , and boy howdy , this one has some doozies .
Boasting an exotic trip around the world , an engaging script , funny dialogue and spectacular stunts , `` Ghost Protocol '' is an adrenaline-rush adventure on a grand scale .
Finally an action movie that recaptures the fun and adventure of old .
Brad Bird takes the series up a notch with enjoyable character dynamics and a straightforward but still intriguing story featuring plenty of unique action set pieces .
Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol is the kind of lean , mean , fearless action movie that chugs along at such a high tempo , you realise when leaving the cinema that you 're actually running .
`` Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol '' is the best film in the series since the original . It 's a fast-paced thrillride that 'll keep you thoroughly engaged as it hops from one amazing sequence to the next .
Mission : Impossible-Ghost Protocol may be nothing ground-breaking but it is the best example of how to make a skillfully made action film that works because of all the right elements that are blended together to create pure adrenaline bliss .
Action films tend to get repetitive , especially sequels . It 's refreshing to find an excellent , original and engaging one .
It leaves X-Men : First Class , Captain America , and the rest of 2011 ′ s glorified Saturday morning cartoons in its dust . I want to take this ride again .
The action scenes more than make it worth watching , preferably in IMAX to really take in that spectacular skyscraper scene in its full glory .
All the gizmos and technology on display in M : I 4 are probably impossible based on current science . But , wow , do you ever get the feeling that this neat stuff is very doable at some point in the future ? I sure do .
Pixar vet Brad Bird directs the best Mission : Impossible yet . See it on the biggest screen possible for maximum impact .
... an opening prison escape appears to be modeled after a Busby Berkeley musical number , of all things .
A smoothly rhythmed piece of work , moving at a pace sufficient to bypass inconvenient questions .
It 's Cruise 's daredevil bravado that provides the film 's standout episode , a sequence of hair-raising , palm-dampening , gob-smacking suspense that sees him clinging to the side of the world 's tallest building .
While the script occasionally flirts with weightlessness , Bird 's ecstatic camera and some brilliant casting - to say nothing of Cruise 's selflessness as a stuntman - make this a tentpole sequel worth getting behind .
A knockout , tense action picture that proves there 's plenty more life left in the Mission : Impossible franchise .
... one of the best action adventures of the year if you 're willing to suspend your disbelief for most of the picture .
Brad Bird passes his audition for a career as a live-action director . And Ghost Protocol more than makes its bones as an argument for why Tom Cruise should continue in this role as long as his knees , and his nerves , hold up .
Brad Bird 's Mission made me feel like a kid again .
Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol is , in a word , awesome . Better than that , it is the first film in Tom Cruise 's TV-to-feature series that I have enjoyed start to finish , beginning to end and for every single moment of its two hour-plus running time .
... a good-size barrel of fun .
still does not have the hang of what made the TV show so good .
Cruises on the WOW ! factor .
Snagging Oscar-winning animation director Brad Bird to fill the director 's chair proves to be an inspired choice -- and , upon thought , a bit of a no-brainer .
The screenplay does n't rely too much on gimmicks to advance the plot . Instead , the plot is also character-driven to an extent . There are interesting dynamics going on in the Mission Impossible team .
Director Brad Bird juices and gooses the whole affair with edge and excitement , new energy , humor and heartbeat , and a terrific feel for big , bold , audaciously daring sequences that beg for the biggest screen available .
Great stunts and not a dull moment ,
Mission : Impossible -- Ghost Protocol could very well be the series ' best installment .
It has a few very good ideas , and then , the rest of it is totally lackluster .
Watching Tom leap from a hospital window on to a passing truck , I could n't help but worry : Tom , those knees wo n't last forever .
Succeeds in dishing up exactly what you would expect : State of the arts stunts , non-stop action , and a series of clearly laid-out heists and chases that go awry in all kinds of creative ways .
Bird manages the escalations from the preposterous through the more preposterous to the most preposterous with skill and wit ...
... great cinematic entertainment .
Better than the tower climb is the scene in which Hunt infiltrates the Kremlin with , essentially , a high-tech magic trick ; the playfulness of the effect demonstrates the usefulness of Bird 's background in the astonish-the-audience culture of animation .
`` Mission : Impossible-Ghost Protocol '' is sheer hurtling mechanism-and it 's great silly fun .
So exciting you have to remind yourself to breathe .
Ghost pulls off the impossible .
Film number four has found its optimum screen display , its best director for the job and its sense of humour while increasing the gadgets and death-defying stunts .
Something goes wrong and the entire Kremlin blows up . ` The wattage of my smile has overpowered the antiquated Russian electrical grid , ' explained Tom .
The cinematography is rewarding enough for a travelogue . The good guy vs. the world with a hateful bad guy is involving . This is another film where you should just leave your brain at home , relax , and enjoy it .
Welcome to the post-Pixar action movie .
Best line of 2011 delivered by Jeremy Renner : `` That 's it . Next time I get to seduce the rich guy . '' Why is MI4 so terrific ? I screamed out in the theater : `` The pants are gon na rip ! ''
o Bird energa daneisthke kai merikes selides apo to skhnothetiko biblio toy Nolan , me pio ofthalmofanh kai dhlwmenh , th pisth pws to IMAX , kai oxi to S3D , mporei na epanaferei ayth thn apostomwtikh kallitexnikh flasia
It 's actually pretty entertaining ... but a certain genericness is creeping in .
A mature Tom Cruise is in top form here , displaying a relatively-sophisticated savoir faire in lieu of the easy boyish charm that 's served him so well in the past .
It 's a great mix that feeds an action junkie 's need for death defying stunts but reminds us how dangerous it all really is so that we remain engaged in the tension of the scene .
Exhilarating , nerve-wracking , vertigo-inducing , action-packed popcorn picture , filled with spectacular feats of derring-do .
This is some Star Trek level techno-nonsense , but the locations , stunts , and ambient batsh * ttedness of the entire endeavor provide ample distraction .
Could be the poster boy for disposable films .
By turns eye-watering , knee trembling , heart-pounding and rib-tickling , this gravity-defying blockbuster is what popcorn was invented for . Chomp away !
... a perfectly watchable -LRB- yet undeniably overlong -RRB- entry in an almost remarkably consistent series ...
This franchise has never dazzled with brilliance but it certainly baffles with something else . Mostly it 's video game-style violence ... occasionally pausing for necessary exposition that at home would be times to rest your thumbs .
Perhaps we should n't expect too much in the way of character in this kind of thing - but action always seems more fun when it 's done by real people .
What the script lacks in plausibility - almost everything - it compensates with all-guns-blazing fun .
M : I4 proves to be a sugar rush of pure , unadulterated entertainment . Even with a running time of two-plus hours , there 's not an ounce of fat .
ay what you will about his personal life : Tom Cruise is a genuine movie star . He 's extremely talented and his timing is impeccable . Just watch him in his latest outing as special agent Ethan Hunt in ` Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol . '
A truly awesome slice of action cinema .
Solid entertainment .
A lot of credit goes to Cruise here , who 's succeeded over these four films in making Ethan Hunt into a strangely intriguing alter ego .
Cruise `` does his own stunts '' . These include the smirk , the hair-toss , the head jut , the finger-jab and all the other Cruise athleticisms we know and , if hard pressed by Hollywood , love .
One of the year 's biggest surprises : a third sequel to a franchise whose heyday is long in the past , featuring a star who 's pushing 50 and a director who 's not even supposed to be able to do live action .
Brad Bird 's first foray outside of the world of animation is pretty much great , certainly in the top tier of 2011 's ` splodey action pictures .
This is one of the most insane action movies I 've seen in years . Something intense is happening almost every single second of its 132-minute running time .
Easily the best of the series , filled with extravagant international locations and fantastical action set-pieces , at least two of which are genuinely jaw-dropping .
Ghost Protocol is a blast from the opening to the non-surprising ending . Humor is a must when the suspension of disbelief is required and much suspension is required here .
Cruise is a filmmaker capable of delivering the kind of action few others would dare to imagine . And Ghost Protocol delivers .
Enjoyable action blockbuster with superb set-pieces , a witty script , assured direction from Pixar 's Brad Bird and a trio of terrific performances from Tom Cruise , Simon Pegg and Jeremy Renner .
Exciting , witty and action-packed , this is one of the best MI films . I 'd say it was mission accomplished .
Far more entertaining than the latest Bond .
It 's kind of flat , inert - occasionally spectacular but not all that exciting .
Team effort makes 4th Mission fun -LRB- and not too serious -RRB-
Hits an action bull 's - eye
A passable - and forgettable - franchise entry .
As usual with the series , the movie combines a plot line a toddler could understand with gadgets that would baffle an engineering Ph.D. .
Watching Cruise as Hunt climb the tallest building in the world stands out as one of the greatest scenes in movies in 2011 .
Slightly goofy , deliriously fun and exciting as hell .
Mission : Impossible -- Ghost Protocol is n't about geopolitical realism . It 's about keeping your palms clammy with acrophobia -LRB- IMAX , baby -RRB- and your pulse at a certain rhythm while good guys do their best to keep the world turning .
Bird chose to accept the right mission for his leap to live action ...
Spectacular . Bird knows how to film an action scene , and Cruise knows how to star in one . It 's a winning combination .
One mission too many .
an effectively enthralling back-to-basics action thriller
I 'm thinking it , so I might as well say it : Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol is no Fast Five .
I would n't say Ghost Protocol makes the most of Bird 's skills as a dramatic storyteller , but as a talent in service of entertainment above all else , he rises to the occasion .
... it 's pretty much state-of-the-art .
The skyscraper scene in iMax is worth the price of admission . One of the most exhilarating movie experiences of the last few years .
-LSB- Bird 's -RSB- fresh touch gives breathless energy , tremendous excitement and , above all , humor to what could have been a wearying genre exercise .
Mission Impossible - Ghost Protocol was was made for IMAX . It blows up the Mission Impossible Force 's stature . It also blows up part of of the Kremlin . As well as reason and logic . But who cares ? It 's Mission Impossible .
Bird does make the impossible seem credible without also making it look mundane a well .
The star of Ghost Protocol is Bird .
Manages to keep you on the edge of your seat for the entire 133 minutes .
Ridiculously exciting -- and I mean that in a good way .
For action buffs desperate for a hit to jump-start their hearts , here 's a Mission impossible to refuse .
It 's a rousing gasp machine that gives the flagging franchise the kick in the pants it sorely needed , and it marks the most impressive segue from cartoons to features since Pee-Wee 's Big Adventure .
Brad Bird , making his live action debut , is determined to treat his cast as if they are animated figures in a spectacular landscape where the rules of nature do n't apply .
Mission accomplished .
` Excuse me , Mr. Brad Bird ? Would you be interested in directing a Bond film next ? '
Ghost Protocol packs more white-knuckle tension than any action film this year .
This fifteen-year-old franchise - with more downs than ups in the balance - is a long way from done .
Powered by Cruise 's moxie , Mission : Impossible -- Ghost Protocol proves that in a Hollywood action-ride culture drenched in fake adrenaline , it 's cathartic to encounter the real thing .
Forget Transformers : Dark of the Moon and Fast Five , Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol is the best action movie of 2011 ... by a mile .
Instead of feeling chaotic and exhausting , as movies that seem to feature nonstop action often do , this one is breezy and invigorating , the action fluid and logical .
This is Cruise and company 's greatest mission so far .
It 's been five years since Hunt got married and tried to retire in the third edition and Bird , whose entry is n't quite as quickly paced as one might expect , nonetheless gets the franchise back on track by both looking forward and back .
It 's fast and furious the whole way , and there 's a lot to look at .
Back when Cruise just seemed like a generic , smiling , handsome guy , Ethan was dull . Now that he comes off in public appearances as slightly crazed and reckless , we project that onto the character too ; and it 's for the better .
Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol is top-notch popcorn entertainment , chock-full of dazzling stunts and heroic moments , played out at a near-hysterical pitch .
After sitting through a year littered with underwhelming sequels , it appears one of the best of the year has been saved for last .
I do n't think I 've seen a more fun straight-up action movie in ages ... Director Brad Bird -LSB- has made -RSB- an astonishingly confident and distinctive leap from animation to live action ...
Ghost Protocol is a very good thrill ride and Cruise is better than he 's been in a long time .
... 2011 's most consistently entertaining effort .
Unlike most movie series , this one has actually improved with each new installment ... This fourth entry ... is the best yet , a breathtaking , globe-trotting action yarn that pulls out all the stops .
The real mission is to renew a stale franchise , and here Ghost Protocol largely succeeds , on the strength of good action scenes - including an IMAX-enhanced Dubai skyscraper dangle by Cruise - and the good humour of a well-chosen cast .
# 4 may very well be thought of as # 1 . Incorporating easy humor , compelling characters and jaw-dropping action , this is some Xmas eye candy .
So preposterously entertaining that it makes watching other recent Hollywood action spectacles feel like work .
Just as newly gritty heroes seem to have run their course -LRB- fingers crossed -RRB- , Cruise and Bird are doing their damnedest to maintain the escapist thrills that we as audiences will always choose to accept .
This is Cruise 's show and the actor brings the role a startling athletic grace and becoming maturity . If someone asks you what a true movie star is , point to Cruise .
Spy franchise returns for more action-packed thrills .
Ghost Protocol is big and brassy , doing many of the things its predecessors did but , in the words of Nigel Tufnel , turning them up to `` 11 . ''
Cruise 's conviction and sheer sweat carries the day .
... everything that worked in the third film amped up to eleven . It 's about the team , it 's about the mission , and it 's about time .
The formula for the action scenes includes a drop of Buster Keaton for every two drops of James Bond .
Starts fast and rarely lets up .
While Ghost Protocol is an above-average piece of studio fare , I had hoped for something a little more distinctive from -LSB- Bird -RSB- .
Take off your thinking cap and munch on extra buttery popcorn . The fourth installment is candy for the brain , a straightforward action flick that does n't disappoint .
The best action movie of 2011 . -LRB- Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Easily the best in the series since the original and a genuine spectacle with set-pieces that will knock even the most jaded viewers for a loop or two .
Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol was directed by Brad Bird -LRB- The Incredibles -RRB- , whose first stab at a live-action feature preserves the buzzy exhilaration and carefree absurdity of a cartoon .
Bird is a great storyteller , with a good grasp of pace , and a crisp , bright tone , and the new movie benefits from his guidance .
-LSB- A -RSB- big , shiny , ever-moving toy of a movie .
The seams are showing badly . . Aside from blocks of exposition about the various code words , this movie is chopped up into a collection of action packages .
-LSB- Bird -RSB- applies the pacing and spatial freedom of a ` toon to a live-action thriller .
A largely successful attempt to reboot the moribund franchise that turns out to be probably the most entertaining installment since Brian De Palma 's series opener from 15 years ago .
Possesses the requisite number of expertly choreographed how 'd - they-do-that scenes , as well as some terrific supporting performances from `` Mission : Impossible '' veterans and newcomers .
Nothing more than an excuse to show us the most precarious situations imaginable , and that it does in spades .
The best stunts of the year and crackerjack mastery of pacing .
Pixar filmmaker Brad Bird tackles his very first live-action feature and , without so much as appearing to break a sweat , ably puts to shame most veteran directors who have made a living in the action genre -LRB- that includes you , Michael Bay -RRB- .
Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol is good , and occasionally brilliant , but the plot is threadbare , lacking the layered story lines and emotional core that Brad Bird 's big three animated films have in spades .
Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol is easily the best of the lot .
Enjoyably daft fare with enough sci-fi tech and desirable clobber to keep you cooing until the credits .
Bird shows he can handle exotic locales and action sequences of James Bond-like proportions .
The literal and figurative high point of Mission : Impossible -- Ghost Protocol comes at about the halfway point , in and around the tallest building in the world in Dubai .
Brad Bird made his name with two brilliant animated films , The Incredibles and Ratatouille . Mission Impossible 4 is his first live-action film , and it confirms that he is a first-rate director .
The most exciting action flick of the year , by a huge margin .
This film exists purely to dazzle and thrill , and by that measure , it delivers expertly , never lagging despite a lengthy 133-minute running time .
Gets back to action basics with globe-trotting , nifty gadgets , high-flying stunts and less loquacious villainy .
Cruise has matured and so has his elaborate spy game , dialing down the gritty paranoia to make room for audacious missions of survival and retrieval , finding plenty of invention and elasticity left in the franchise .
A big-boned , bombastic summer-style action movie served up as a Christmas treat for fans suffering winter withdrawal pangs for such fare .
Succeeds in its mission , delivering one of the most entertaining , testosterone infused adventures of the year .
Ghost Protocol is a picture calculated to extract maximum profits from a global audience , and surely it will succeed .
Along with many other things , the fourth Mission : Impossible movie also functions as a primer on how to use IMAX technology to immerse an audience .
The scene in which -LSB- Cruise -RSB- crawls up the building 's exterior to reach the 130th floor could make birds afraid of heights . It 's that high , and that gripping .
Bird has done a stylish and involving job here , turning in an entertaining production that 's got considerable visual flair , especially in its action-heavy Imax sections .
Though not quite as front-to-finish satisfying as J.J. Abrams ' Mission : Impossible III , Bird 's installment nonetheless rocks .
It 's not the generic plot that 's so memorable , even though its convolutions are clever enough , or the cast of mostly interesting characters , but the surreal swirl of form and color that frequently fills the enormous screen .
Proving there is a way to make a big budget franchise installment that feels vibrant , alive , and like more than just a pathetic retread of what has come before , Ghost Protocol delivers with breakneck pace and stellar action choreography .
One of the best Mission Impossible flicks with several adrenaline - pumping action sequences .
It 's undeniably fun .
rockets forward in enthralling -- and ultimately exhausting -- fashion
There 's a good chance you 'll get so caught up in what they 're doing , you wo n't even notice how stiff and inhuman the actors appear .
In its way , the movie has old-Hollywood elegance . The scope and sets are vast , tall , and cavernous , but Bird scales down for spatial intimacy .
If the M : I films are immune to the tarnish on the Cruise brand , it 's precisely because their spectacle requires us to be impressed by Ethan Hunt , not to like him .
`` Ghost Protocol '' is a less a film than a vanity license plate writ large - a throwback to when all an action film needed was a bogus concept , chase scenes and a roman numeral in a title .
In IMAX form , at least , it 's thrilling , with a strong cast fighting a silly plot .
Ghost Protocol is never cartoonish but it is incredibly animated .
Tom Cruise 's Ethan Hunt returns to save the world , again .
It 's easy for these special-effects extravaganzas to get weighed down by all the effort that goes into blowing up cities and hot-wiring supercomputers , but `` Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol '' feels light on its feet .
If the hoodied Cruise evokes a touch of Eminem-level moodiness in the posters , it 's with good reason : Stopping a maniacal supervillain may be on the docket yet again , but this time around Ethan Hunt has gone emo .
If Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy was too cerebral for you , this movie should make you very happy .
-LSB- Bird -RSB- takes an eye-popping approach to the genre , creating a guilty pleasure romp that balances corny plotting with muscled-up fun .
Manages to be a pretty good time for much of its overgenerous 132 minutes .
Bird brings a scary amount of assurance to Ghost Protocol . His action scenes are clean , coherent , thrilling , and visceral ...
The plot is simply an excuse to show off all that whiz-bang technology .
`` Mission : Impossible -- Ghost Protocol '' is a terrific thriller with action sequences that function as a kind of action poetry .
The characters in the movie enjoy saying the phrase Ghost Protocol , and so do I .
A nonsensical , dazzling jumble of wild action scenes and formulaic characters .
Expectedly , this breathless white-knuckler delivers some of the most convincing action set-pieces in recent memory , but it 's the performance of Tom Cruise in his meal-ticket role of Ethan Hunt that resonates the loudest .
Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol is a blast .
Massively scaled and ingeniously executed , Ghost Protocol delivers the action goods in genuinely awe-inspiring fashion .
A legitimately great action film , a thrilling and fun bit of exquisitely crafted escapism . It might be the best in the series , and it 's without a doubt the best since the first film .
It runs faster , goes bigger , and tells stories better than nearly any action film this year .
The wait for a great action movie is finally over . Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol is pure popcorn of the highest , most flavorful order , and it 's good for you , too .
After the infectious fun of JJ Abrams ' M : I 3 , which sparkled with the wit and charm of his espionage series Alias , the fourth installment is a thudding disappointment .
The eye-candy - from high-tech gadgets to gorgeous people - has only been ratcheted up . And so has the excitement .
... a witty and exciting thrill ride that may be the most fun of the entire series .
While Brad Bird 's direction is not nearly as fleet as his CV in animation would lead one to hope , it 's not without its pleasures either .
With a fun group of characters and cool set pieces that take advantage of the IMAX format , it always manages to entertain despite the rather lazy central plot that may have been more effective say 25 years ago .
This action-packed roller coaster of a movie seamlessly pulls you in and does n't let go . On the rare occasion it slows down , it quickly sends your heart pounding and pulse racing again .
Bird is an interesting choice for the franchise and , as it turns out , a pretty inspired one .
After two lazy , near unwatchable sequels , the Mission : Impossible juggernaut gets a bit of a kick in the pants from Iron Giant and Incredibles helmer Brad Bird .
Whatever the movie 's shortcomings , director Bird more than compensates with a bullet train of action and an arsenal of cool gadgets . Maybe making cartoons has expanded his conception of what 's possible in a live film .
Bird relishes the chance to play with real people - the central suspense sequence , in which Hunt scales Dubai 's Burj Khalifa one-handed , is dizzyingly effective , particularly in IMAX - and the pace rarely slows .
If we are watching Hunt caught , like the western world , in an inexorable downward spiral , we may crane our necks to watch the carwreck , but also wonder if this uneven franchise remains roadworthy .
Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol is the best film in the franchise so far .
A fast-paced , globe-trotting adventure that offers blasts , brawls and buildings of equally spectacular scale .
-LSB- There 's -RSB- a sense of humour and self-awareness that was absent from the earlier pictures ; though it occasionally feels like run-off from Bird 's ingenious superhero satire The Incredibles , it 's hard to deny that a little bit of Pixar goes a long way .
The film never forgets the truism that this genre can do wonders in papering over its cracks simply by letting you have a good time .
Even those allergic to Cruise would struggle to resist his magnetism grinning one-handed from the highest skyscraper in the world , cool as a cucumber , ripped as celery .
All the iconic elements of the Mission : Impossible franchise , from the instantly recognisable musical motif to the tech and gadget-heavy modus operandi of the team are harnessed to the max in this high tension edition
The best Mission Impossible of them all , everything about this fourth film in the movie franchise is big with breathtaking , extravagant stunts and a thrilling , large scale plot to match
Retaining the series ' innate goofiness while taking the action and emotional stakes to new highs , this is the best Mission : Impossible yet .
Making a smooth transtition from animation to live-action , Bird has directed a fast-moving , largely enagaging , well acted -LRB- especially by Renner -RRB- actioner , which is the fourth and most entertaining of the franchise .
It 's a movie of dazzling individual parts that do n't come together to fully satisfying effect in the final stretch .
Proves that there 's still a lot to be said for formulaic action when it 's handled with such aplomb . The best in the series thus far .
Fueled by Tom Cruise 's propulsive , sometimes literally death-defying performance , this fourth installment is arguably the strongest of the series .
Wall-to-wall action in a spectacular , if repetitive , fourth series entry .
` Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol ' is the most consistently entertaining , most laser-focused entry in the series so far
They really got the ` mission ' part of Mission : Impossible right this time ... delivers the awesome for the holidays .
The script wo n't take home any awards but you wo n't care once you 've seen the unrelenting action sequences . My eyes were glued to the screen and my heart rate definitely increased !
In his first live-action film , -LSB- Brad -RSB- Bird gives us a cleaner , clearer , smarter and better action film than Michael Bay has in any of his nine straining , slapdash efforts .
Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol provides slick high octane espionage thrills while upping the ante in the stakes of good vs evil action theatre .
`` Ghost Protocol '' fails to provide thrills unique enough to truly celebrate , even if it still offers a `` Mission : Impossible '' that 's worthwhile for audiences to accept .



















@highlight

Stylish , fast-paced , and loaded with gripping set pieces , the fourth Mission : Impossible is big-budget popcorn entertainment that really works .