Overall The Fighter is a touching , soulful knockout of a movie .
The Fighter feels like it 's barreling toward full-on Greek tragedy , and it has its painful patches , but ultimately-forgive me-the film pulls a lot of punches .
But while this was amusing in a comedic or satiric context , it backfires in a dramatic narrative in which the protagonist should warrant our sympathies .
Russell walks a narrow line between laughing with the family and laughing at them , but the film never crosses over into parody .
Blue-collar Bostonian has replaced Southern redneck as Hollywood 's white-trash signifier of choice .
Superb performances and a well told story make The Fighter one of the year 's best films .
Driven by great performances and great characters , this drama is a must-see .
Acting for the silver screen does n't get more raw , moving or accomplished than what you see in `` The Fighter , '' that rare film in which every performer in it leaves the viewer in awe .
While Bale turns in a 5-star performance , his character 's story bobs and weaves around Wahlberg 's simpler , steady efforts .
This film was supposed to be a crowd-pleaser , but in the end , there 's just not a whole lot to be pleased about
Wahlberg gives a restrained and generous performance , which allows his co-stars Leo and Bale to shine -LRB- and win awards -RRB- .
May not be a boxing classic , but it 's got loads of spit-in-your-eye spirit
` The Fighter ' is n't revolutionary , but Russell 's tweaking of the formula and stellar work by the actors , especially Bale , elevate it above many of its peers .
a tale told with the deft precision of a talented filmmaker and the enthusiasm of a lead who cares about his subject .
An excellent cast highlights this stirring boxing drama .
While the crowd cheered , I did n't want Micky to win the fight . I wanted somebody ... to come along and rescue him from his family 's ignorance .
Russell delivers what we least expect from him : a pro-family film .
The Fighter deftly manages to be equal parts character drama and sports film without giving short shrift to either . Containing a couple of the best performances of the year it is in turn harrowing and heartwarming .
... a boxing movie for people who could n't care less about boxing .
Más que una película sobre boxeo , un drama familiar sobre dos hermanos diferentes , una madre dominante y una posibilidad de redención y éxito . El show se lo roban Christian Bale y Melissa Leo con dos de las mejores interpretaciones del año .
The Fighter proves that the boxing movie still has life . It also underlines just what a distinctive actor Bale has become .
Christian Bale - reduced lately to whispering solemnity in the likes of Dark Knight and Terminator Salvation - gets to really cut loose with Dicky in a performance that is sure to give Geoffrey Rush a run for his money on Oscar night .
The ring action in The Fighter is bruising enough , but it 's the drama outside the ropes that will leave you reeling .
With a clutch of Oscar nominations , including nods for Bale , Adams and Leo , The Fighter is a serious contender that connects powerfully .
Both Wahlberg and Bale are excellent in their different registers , as are Melissa Leo and Amy Adams as the differently calibrated women .
Predictable , but solid enough .
We grow to respect each character 's perceptions and forgive their faults , allowing them to win us over in a jubilant finale - a far cry from the schmaltzy The Blind Side .
As atuações grandiosas e marcantes só funcionam por serem ancoradas pela performance centrada e discreta do sempre subestimado Mark Wahlberg .
Bale , looking rail-thin and wideeyed , has the Oscar nomination and Golden Globe win , but it 's Wahlberg who 's the more memorable in a less showy role .
Wahlberg , always so physically solid , is deep inside himself in this role .
An incredible story of triumph against adversity in and out of the boxing ring .
A movie with both brains and brawn and a knockout performance from Bale , The Fighter takes a familiar rags-to-riches story and delivers a feelgood hit .
Bale steals the movie with a mesmerisingly goofy performance .
Impressively directed and superbly written , this is an emotionally arresting boxing drama with a quartet of terrific performances from Wahlberg , Bale , Melissa Leo and Amy Adams .
The Fighter looks at first as if it is going to be a far more interesting movie than the straightforward and even rather undemanding drama we finally get .
Russell throws so much at the screen that there is little time to make your mind up .
-LSB- A -RSB- rickety , unfocused contraption of a film that sputters and chugs along without offering any hint of why its director thought it was worth making .
This is easily the most shamelessly enjoyable boxing flick since Rocky .
When is a cliché not a cliché ? When the cast of The Fighter delivers it , apparently .
The film bounces us from one pugilistic or domestic affray to the next , only coming to a near-standstill whenever Wahlberg gets acting space . It goes to show .
A flawed , frequently ludicrous but overwhelmingly likeable film , old-school to the core and none the worse for it .
I would n't go so far as to call this movie an absolute knockout , but it is certainly well worth a look .
Dare I say it ? It 's knockout .
This is a story about guts : having 'em , trusting 'em , spilling 'em .
Two very different but equally powerful performances combine to deliver an exhilarating fight-flick that , like its scrappy central character , is impossible not to root for .
The flaw at The Fighter 's heart is the fact that Bale 's all over the place . It 's a frog-faced , flailing-armed , look at meeee performance that , had it come from Nicolas Cage , would have drawn scorn across the board .
Wahlberg ensures we stay rooted in Micky 's journey , for all the script and fellow performers ' broad strokes , cliches and conventionalities , and that we root for the scrapper through every round in the ring .
The Fighter is an enjoyable underdog-triumphs-over-adversity story .
All Wahlberg does is stand quietly in the corner , delivering the most authentic , nuanced performance in the film .
It 's a rousing , compassionate , bare-knuckled ride powerful enough to score a KO , while Bale , Wahlberg , Leo and Adams are all award-worthy excellent .
In many ways , the film is akin to its lead actor Wahlberg : solid , committed and with just enough spark to ward off the blandness .
David O'Russell captures the conflict beautifully .
While the template is fairly predictable , it nevertheless works .
Putting aside the characters who get unfair treatment , and the one too many segues which work clumsily to keep pace with the demands of story arc , such touches make The Fighter a better than average boxing movie .
The Fighter is full of powerful scenes and performances , but in the end , like the character of Micky , it 's a bit annoying .
The details are so peculiar , the film has a strange and vital ambience of its own .
Though director David O Russell does embrace the feel-good cliches embedded into movie folklore by Rocky , he does so with a rousing conviction that pushes all the right buttons .
Wahlberg 's duties as Micky are largely confined to that of a dramatic anchor . This might be a thankless role by comparison , but The Fighter would fail to land its knockout blow without him .
The characters are fully developed and the boxing sequences are enthralling . You 've always got a ringside seat to the action .
On its way to the inevitable big bout , The Fighter dallies with schmaltz but is always compelling and it earns its uplifting finale . Plus , the fights are awesome .
Thankfully the performances -- together with the convincingly seedy Lowell , Massachusetts setting -- give the story enough life to keep the clichés from feeling like boxes being checked off on a list .
Christian Bale steals the show with his unforgettable performance in this absorbing and bruising drama .
The Fighter is a supremely well acted true life tale that packs a mighty wallop .
Chopin playing Chopsticks .
... so one-sided , you almost forget Wahlberg is even part of the production when Bale is on screen .
A typically underwhelming effort from David O. Russell ...
The first half of ` The Fighter ' outpoints the last , though neither part is KO 'd .
Bale 's performance is so good it almost collapses into mimicry , but his twisted and terrifyingly accurate ability to portray the quirks and simmering undertones of difficult characters ensures that his performances always transcend such claims .
-LSB- It is -RSB- impressive in the way it takes its time developing its characters before the boxing montages kick in .
The emotional meat of The Fighter lies not in the traditional sports-movie narrative of the ascension of the underdog -LRB- although there is plenty of that -RRB- , but rather in the turmoil of Micky 's dysfunctional family
Most of the drama takes place outside of the ring , where lives are on the line , a family is divided and one of the year 's best movies is found .
Director David O. Russell and his superb cast manage to bob and weave around the clichés to make the story resonate beyond the standard confines of the genre .
-LSB- David O. Russell -RSB- brings heart , humour and humanity to The Fighter , and can always be relied on to bring brutality and truth to a medium where it is sadly a rarer and rarer occurrence .
` The Fighter ' is a powerful film , less about the boxing ring and more about family .
The Fighter is not an edgy movie , but it does n't need to be . It -LSB- ... -RSB- transfixes us with flesh and blood characters that never pull their punches .
While Wahlberg 's Mickey is someone we can relate to and root for , Dicky is there to challenge us , and through Bale 's commitment to the role , The Fighter is lifted and given a remarkable credibility
Takes on a whole different level of realism with Bale , pathetically gaunt yet heroically charismatic , nailing Dicky 's double edged nature .
The story is prototypical , been-there-done-that underdog-with-deep-family-issues stuff , but Russell goes James Gray enough to keep things consistently effective , with a successful portrayal of familial pressure and the tough choices it brings about .
If you are familiar with boxing history you know how the story ends . If you do not , take a seat and find out for yourself . Either way `` The Fighter '' pays off .
A sturdy piece of entertainment that adds a wrinkle to the traditional underdog tale by having Ward 's greatest battles come from within his own family .
David O. Russell Gives Us a Good Boxing Film But Nothing Groundbreaking . Christian Bale 's Eating Disorder Really Shines .
If Mark Wahlberg stars as an interesting character , the movie has a fighting chance at the box office .
The Fighter delivers and inspirational knockout .
Cinderella Man with crack pipes
Ward 's story may unfold in the manner of many sports biopics but The Fighter 's more about the complex familial ties that bind than it is about the sweet science itself .
Amy Adams stepped out of her cookie cutter roles and took on a badass role and stole the show . By far her best performance and Oscar worthy in my opinion .
Get ready rock and roll with one of the best films of the year . Bale and Leo hit you like a sock on the jaw .
A powerful and somehow fresh movie about a subject that had seemingly been sucked dry of ideas .
... this is clearly one of the best films of the year regardless of how you feel about boxing , which I consider a deplorable anachronistic remnant of Roman gladiators .
All four principals are well-cast and up to the challenge , but the knuckle-sandwich dialogue kayos the actors at every turn .
A well-made movie , one I enjoyed overall , but it may be unfortunate that , while I watched this movie , I happened to find myself particularly vulnerable to formula fatigue .
I suspect that over time The Fighter will accrue a cult following among boxing aficionados as a rare film that got the sport they love right .
Takes the `` Rocky '' road to success , with the plus of outstanding acting
A seamless story where every moment in the ring , in romantic scenes , and in the depiction of family struggles feels real .
sure , it 's an exceedingly simple movie , and it 's easy to dismiss as just another sports flick about overcoming odds , but it 's also an exceedingly well-told movie , which is far and away more important .
It does n't take long before you get into the mesmerizing ebb and flow of The Fighter , a blue collar tour-de-force featuring incredibly rhythmic performances , a riveting narrative , and taut direction .
A fitting tribute to a real-life Rocky and Adrian featuring a quartet of inspired performances by Mark Wahlberg , Christian Bale , Melissa Leo and Amy Adams .
The Fighter is a brilliant film with an ensemble that does an amazing job of portraying the dysfunctional , complicated family .
I 'm a sucker for a good sports movie , add Christin Bale in a Oscar worthy performance , Amy Adams and Mark Wahlberg and you ca n't go wrong . Great cast , good story makes it one of the year 's best .
The Fighter , works best as an entertaining tale of chaotic family dynamics . The fight footage is mostly bland and mundane , and we get little insight into the boxing world .
Driven by its ensemble of skilled actors , The Fighter contrasts success and failure , ambition and apathy , victory and defeat .
This knockout cinematic sensation proves that true stories always make the best movies . This is a real contender in several Oscar categories including ...
The film 's final match is terrifically exciting , in part because of the thrilling way Russell shoots it , but mostly because of how eager we are for Micky to succeed .
While the boxing is phenomenal , breathlessly staged to the point there were times I could swear I felt Mickey 's devastating left hook slam into my jaw , it is the twisted and complex family drama that makes this film such an astonishing piece of work .
No matter how Hollywoodized , it 's still just another dumb boxing movie
Earns its way into your heart with good old-fashioned legwork , Capra-corn lite with a dusting of grit .
Though there are times when David O. Russell seems to think he 's slumming , he still crafts a satisfyingly potent familial melodrama that transcends the boxing genre .
Christian Bale and Melissa Leo are amazing trainwrecks that demand to be watched .
If this movie proves anything it 's that Christian Bale is the greatest actor of his generation .
The musical choices are so on-the-nose as to make you do double takes . How do we know that Micky has his heart back in the fight game and is ready to commit fully ? Why , we hear Aerosmith 's Back in the Saddle .
A scrappy , hard-edged motion picture ... -LSB- but -RSB- it 's a shame when it becomes less Raging Bull and more Rocky IV .
The fact that I found myself with sweaty palms while watching the finale -LRB- despite having seen too many boxing movies to count -RRB- is a testament to the work of those in front of and behind the camera . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
There are a lot of moving parts here , complex relationships between the brothers , the mother and her sons , and even the seven loudmouthed , Jerry Springer-ready sisters that complete the family . Yet none of them feel shortchanged in Russell 's care .
Makes too many concessions to the Hollywood judges , pulls too many punches .
A likeable , lighthearted boxing flick that will score an Oscar for Christian Bale .
It would have been easy to turn this family into caricatures , but instead Russell , working from a screenplay by Scott Silver , Paul Tamasy and Eric Johnson , found their humanity .
The Fighter , stirring and unshakable , is never as merciless and emotional , as traumatic and triumphant , as when the gloves are off .
The Fighter is so muscularly and tenderly good because it trains its eye on the matches that take place between kin .
It 's what my former theater teacher liked to call `` shmacting . '' And The Fighter is filled with a lot of it .
A great boxing movie , a great film about family . Gritty , thrilling , inspirational . Deserves multiple Oscar nominations .
It 's audacious , it 's fun , it 's rowdy , and it 's just twisted enough to always be interesting . Beyond that , it 's one of the year 's best acting showcases and likely to grab multiple Oscar nominations .
The whole thing 's a knockout .
Doggedly obvious melodrama ... But what makes the clichés palatable is a communal commitment to getting the story right .
As Albert Einstein said when he scribbled E = mc2 on the back of a Princeton bar napkin , `` sometimes formulas work . ''
Only Amy Adams , playing Micky 's tough-tender girlfriend Charlene , manages to be convincingly working-class without seeming either dopey or rabid or strung-out .
A vastly entertaining boxing tale featuring championship bouts from Christian Bale and Melissa Leo .
It is this intelligence , conveyed through the choices made by the actors and director , that makes The Fighter a great and enduring human drama .
David O. Russell 's film bobs and weaves , dodges and dances and hits just enough to keep us from relying on the formulas lesser sports movies have taught us .
As much a knockabout comedy -- the almost skeletal Bale performs with the goofy , loose-limbed exuberance of the young Jerry Lewis -- as a traditional boxing movie or inspirational drama of overcoming addiction .
The Fighter '' is one of the best movies of the year . It is a feature that follows the tenet that the best sports movies are more about people than the athletic contest .
Give Christian Bale and Melissa Leo the Oscar right now ! The Fighter contains the best boxing matches since Raging Bull .
It may not be as deep as you 'd expect , but it is a heck of a lot of fun .
Wahlberg and Adams find something gritty and credible in their beat-down , blue-collar characters , and their moments on screen together have a deep , resounding humanity .
Everything about The Fighter sounds like a cliché , but it comes off like a perfectly made movie that hits you emotionally and makes you appreciate the amazing talent bringing the film to life .
A tough , bare-knuckled , compassionate meditation on every family 's rope-a-dope between tribal bonds and self-definition . Both , it turns out , are worth going to the mat for .
The script is never heavy-handed , adeptly mingling humor with drama , with a tone so authentic that we feel we could easily share a beer with these folks . Even better ... we 'd want to .
The Fighter does n't reinvent the wheel , but it does exemplify the very best of it-a crowd-pleasing triumph about a working-class underdog
Comes down to a set of boxing matches , yet after so much time with these characters , they are n't empty displays of sport .
The only thing really surprising about The Fighter is that Ron Howard did n't direct it .
... a great boxing movie , a great Massachusetts movie , and a great showcase for its lead actors .
Impeccably combines the pleasures of a big entertainment with the provocative food-for-thought of a motion picture with loftier goals in mind than simple diversion .
`` The Fighter '' is entertaining from beginning to end and contains two brilliant and extreme supporting performances that are among the year 's best .
It feels like it comes from real life as well as the movies .
Do n't like boxing movies ? No problem . The Fighter is n't like any other boxing movie you 've seen .
This is polished entertainment with a little edge , a juicy urban fable for grown-ups .
It knows what it is , does n't try to be what it 's not , and hits you with drop-dead force . In short , it 's terrific .
You may not physically experience the punches that rain upon Mark Wahlberg 's dogged pro boxer `` Irish '' Micky Ward , but it feels as if you do .
`` The Fighter '' is a great , gutsy boxing story , a knowingly detailed , compelling , often very funny look inside the lives of underdogs battling for respect .
adheres too closely to the formulaic blueprint hammered out by Sylvester Stallone 's Rocky nearly 35 years ago .
Turns out to be almost as blandly formulaic as its title .
`` The Fighter '' would be just as inspirational even if it were not true , because of the quartet of actors who elevate its earnestness into Oscar-worthy territory .
The Fighter is funny , ferocious , sad , sweet , pulpy , and violent . Sometimes , all in the same minute .
It 's a movie that simply works . Is it great art ? Not really . It 's not ambitious enough to be called great art . But it is great entertainment .
It does somewhat feel different than many other movies in the genre because of its very realistic , gritty , intimate approach .
What really holds this together is Wahlberg 's low-key , firmly internalized performance as a man torn between his loyalty to the clan and his responsibility to himself .
A putative boxing movie that deepens into a engrossingly strange , tragicomic portrait of addiction and its repercussions .
The Fighter is a crowd pleaser and an Oscar baiter . Bale gives one of the great performances of the year , and it 's probably the best of his entire career .
As scrappy and tough as most of its big-mouthed characters . The money performance is Adams .
Because we are n't deeply invested in Micky , we do n't care as much as we should , and the film ends on a note that should be triumph but feels more like simple conclusion .
Mostly goes through the repetitive motions on the way to its predetermined outcome .
The entire cast of actors is excellent in this film . The boxing scenes are very convincing .
`` The Fighter '' easily could have slipped into boxing-film clichés , but Russell does n't let that happen . Instead , it lands its hardest blows while chronicling the struggle of a family , which is a far more interesting fight .
The Fighter is a boxing movie swinging in too many directions at once , as if someone sneaked a third clubber into the ring . All the emotional punches land solidly but at the conclusion you 're not sure which competing cliche wins .
The Fighter is a true anomaly : A moving drama about two brothers in which boxing is merely a backdrop for their familial tussles .
A classic story of a local boy who makes good is rendered electric by tremendous performances .
A good film that works better than it should , but falls short of greatness .
Boxing biopic mixes inspiring story , mature content .
Saved by superb performances , it 's really a depressing , drug-drenched melodrama disguised as a boxing movie .
The buzz on the street about David O. Russell 's The Fighter-the boxing movie is a rousing crowd-pleaser , stolen by Christian Bale-was correct .
A gritty triumph , this riveting boxing drama is much more than just the ` Christian Bale Crackhead Movie .
Hail the brilliant , astonishing Christian Bale . He 's the only actor currently acting in movies . Bale makes a huge commitment to all his characters .
The Fighter is among the year 's most pleasant surprises . Who knew that a movie with so many depressing elements in it could also be so damn funny and uplifting ?
The Fighter is something of a mess . It 's a slaphappy , punch-drunk brawl of a movie .
The film has an amazing ability to portray its main character 's personal life with such authenticity that the boxing scenes become more than sport - they become a fight for life .
The movie has so much texture that once it gets you , you 're good and got .
Stars Wahlberg and Bale are superb ...
Packs a wallop .
A heartfelt script and outstanding turns by Bale , Leo and Adams make The Fighter a true knockout and a real Oscar contender . Perhaps after next February , it 'll have another thing in common with Rocky , after all .
Like its protagonist , it 's too inarticulate for its own good , but can reach moments of grandeur when everything aligns just so .
You can see The Fighter struggling to be significant , to be more than just an interesting tale well told .
... the inspiriting story of beating the odds and love of family make this one for all .
The Fighter , its heart full to bursting , is an emotional powerhouse that comes close to spilling over .
While it 's not a total knockout , The Fighter wins on points thanks to a strong ensemble cast and director David O. Russell 's playful spirit behind the camera .
Ensemble acting at its finest . Stars Mark Wahlberg , Christian Bale , Amy Adams and Melissa Leo deliver knock-out performances here , as does everyone else in this outstanding film .
Mark Wahlberg 's portrayal of former boxer Mickey Ward packs a riveting and powerful punch but it 's the performances by the rest of the cast , including scene stealer Christian Bale that makes the film a winner .
As The Fighter presents fight after fight , the tonal quirks and distances do n't ask you to disinvest so much as they invite you to consider the many ways that audiences -- you included -- shape what you see .
As a film , `` The Fighter '' is a sturdy , solid slugger - but not quite a champ .
Has a cracking pace , lively characters bloated with Boston bile , and a sense of neighborhood imprisonment , shaping an encrusted reality to balance out the Cinderella story .
By far the most rousing , expertly cast movie this year ...
Russell has taken a tale of mythic American redemption and one of those Hollywood screenplays with four credited writers and somehow made a movie so rousing , so real and so full of complicated emotions that it all feels brand-new .
Pity the boxing movie that thinks it can be both `` Raging Bull '' and `` Rocky . ''
The Fighter is OK as a gritty indie with great performances from Mark Wahlberg and Christian Bale . But the all too familiar Rocky-formula keeps it from being a total KO .
Russell has always excelled at finding new ways to use familiar actors , and every performance in The Fighter is noteworthy if not outstanding .
Instead of trying to overwhelm us with the blood and beauty of boxing , Russell concentrates on creating an eye-level and entertaining , but also believable , family drama .
The movie initially feels like more of a near thing than the filmmakers anticipated , but as in boxing it 's only the final decision that counts .
The Fighter is at its most interesting as a comeback story about people who 've seen too many comeback stories ...
With solid bodywork , clever feints and tremendous heart , it scores at least a TKO , by which I mean both that it falls just short of overpowering greatness ... and that the most impressive thing about it is technique .
While the film handles itself well in the ring , it 's brilliant in the arena of a blue-collar family that brutalizes its younger son and best hope for worldly success in the name of sustaining him .
Even when the narrative meanders , the phenomenal performances and Russell 's dogged interest in them make The Fighter rousing , surprisingly funny , and even heartfelt too .
Bale is astounding as a strangely charismatic weasel , giving probably the best performance of his career .
David O. Russell 's made a Boston movie that passes local muster and his direction of a mix of professional and non-professional actors has resulted in one of the best acting ensembles of the year .
At its punchy , profane best , `` The Fighter '' struts along the line between melodrama and comedy .
The Fighter does n't try to upend the genre , but it 's a reminder of how satisfying these movies can be when they 're done right .
The flawed working class characters generate big laughs from their big hair , big accents and big brawls , but ultimately -LSB- director David O. -RSB- Russell loves them all like family .
Wahlberg has the requisite tough physicality , but his emotional take on Micky is pleasingly delicate .
The suspense is n't just about who 's going to win the big fight , but who 's going to emerge from Ward 's big , fierce jungle of a family with their lives intact .
More a lurching , blue-collar social drama than a conventional boxing biopic , The Fighter connects fitfully as a story of brotherly bonds and underdog triumph , courtesy of engaging performances .
This movie triumphs exuberantly as a crowd-pleasing underdog fight flick . But it really connects as a horrible and hilarious deconstruction of family values gone nuclear .
A phenomenal piece of work . Wahlberg , Bale , Adams , and Leo are all Oscar-worthy . Ranks with RAGING BULL , ROCKY and BODY & SOUL as one of the greatest boxing movies ever made .
Biopic about former welterweight champ Micky Ward has neither the subtle heart of `` Rocky '' nor the brutality of `` Raging Bull '' , but it does possess an achingly real performance from Amy Adams that 's a complete knockout .
Whenever it should bounce backward , it lunges forward ; it jabs instead of feints , and stomps down hard when it needs to dance .
Takes a heavy swing at us , and misses .
There 's a certain predictability to The Fighter , yet that 's part of the appeal of the fight genre . This one , as thoughtful as it is rousing , scores a TKO .
Wahlberg gives a deceptively low-key performance as the movie 's still point , perfectly setting off the crackling fuse that is Bale 's Dicky , a grinning strutter who knows he 's screwed up but ca n't quite say goodbye to the limelight .
Less a boxing drama than a drama with some boxing in it , The Fighter turns Bale loose in a supporting role that dominates director David O. Russell 's film .
A cheesy `` Raging Bull '' - `` Rocky '' mashup served on a hot buttered bulkie roll , David O. Russell 's `` The Fighter '' is Scorsese-lite with Mark Wahlberg 's boxer Micky Ward flanked by two performances that are as much about overacting as acting .
Wildly uneven and about as entertaining , `` The Fighter '' is committed to the rambunctious masculine energy of the boxing ring .
These are characters so repulsive that it 's hard to care what happens to them , but it 's to the credit of a superb cast that you do end up caring .
-LSB- Wahlberg 's -RSB- modest performance is the one element that feels truly authentic and heartfelt . The role plays to his strengths : a rough-and-tumble earthiness , the ability to suggest a dreamer lurking beneath the exterior of a bruiser .
Americans used to seeing trickedup versions of themselves in the movies -LRB- or degraded-by-narcissism versions on reality TV -RRB- will be startled at the honesty of David O. Russell 's The Fighter .
So convincing was Bale as a crackhead that I did n't even realize it was him until the end credits rolled . I expected the screen to read `` Dicky ... . Played by ACTUAL CRACKHEAD ''
A rousing , captivating and heartfelt sports drama filled with terrific performances . It 's a knockout !
David O. Russell 's slam to the gut is as much about personal dysfunction as it is about the very real story of boxing .
After a volatile first half , Micky eclipses Dicky , and The Fighter settles into a predictably rutted narrative arc .
David O. Russell 's strongest film in years ... the movie 's heart and soul lies in Christian Bale 's performance and what his character brings to every one of his scenes .
The best thing about The Fighter is ... No , no , it 's just too hard to choose .
This boxing film has us rooting for a working-class hero who struggles to find his style in the ring and outside the ring within his dysfunctional family .
Upbeat but harrowing , a story of family cohesion threatened by implosion . It 's a fine boxing story , but it 's an even more compelling story of relationships worth fighting for .
A solid , inside look at the out-of-ring life of a boxer .
Russell choreographs and shoots scenes of interpersonal squabbling and in-ring fisticuffs with competent but unremarkable efficiency , leaving the proceedings devoid of distinctive authorial personality .
David O. Russell 's reputation as a distinctive filmmaker could possibly be restored .
David O. Russell 's populist boxing serio-comedy is his broadest , most chaotic and diffuse movie , but also his most commercial work to date , boasting Oscar-caliber turns from Christian Bale and Melissa Leo .
It is a wonderful movie , commercial and approachable but built with real integrity , and I hope audiences embrace it this holiday season .
After watching someone who is so muddle-headed about what 's good and bad for himself , admiration and a viewer 's sense of involvement goes down for the count .
A slim film that carries itself like a champion . In this Oscar season , it 's a boxer elevating his stats by taking down weaker competition .
If The Fighter feels like kind of a mess , lurching from one scene to the next as if the film itself has taken a few hits to the head , that 's not entirely a bad thing .
Count me in as a lover of THE FIGHTER .
If I 'd known how emotionally abusive his family was , I might have braced myself . It just makes me appreciate that I get to live on my own and be my own person with my family . This behavior is tragic .
True story of boxer `` Irish '' Micky Ward is played for domestic drama about a dysfunctional family that never quite earns your sympathy .

@highlight

Led by a trio of captivating performances from Mark Wahlberg , Christian Bale , and Amy Adams , The Fighter is a solidly entertaining , albeit predictable , entry in the boxing drama genre .