... a fact-based disaster movie that , even if it did n't happen exactly this way , you ca n't help but feel for whomever endured it .
Unlike much of Christopher Nolan 's oeuvre , `` Dunkirk '' is a fine successor to war films like `` Saving Private Ryan , '' yet it tries hard in places not to bore its audience .
At a deeper level it is a testament to the audacious power of pure elemental filmmaking .
What we 're left with at the end of the horror , panic , and grim determination is a dawning sense of grace .
Dunkirk comes in at a taut 106 minutes , and there is n't a wasted second .
Dunkirk looked great , had some scenes of intensity that I enjoyed ... but , in the end , the movie was slow , very ambitious but very unfocused .
Movies need a script , first and foremost , and this one ... never quite comes together , though there is nevertheless a lot to admire in the attempt .
It 's not quite just a virtuoso exercise , though Nolan here proves himself a master of the technical effects he strives for and achieves .
Nolan employs minimal dialogue and in media res camerawork to plunk the viewer right into the thick of things so you feel like you 're experiencing the chaos of war and the reactive drive to escape it .
A tribute to wartime resolve and directorial hubris ; it 's awe-inspiring in its logistics , scale and achievement .
It is , for long stretches , almost a silent film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Dunkirk is a spectacularly timed exercise in film escapism , a warlike watch whose march is ominous and perfectly audible , even in the noise of a deafening battlefield . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
At home Dunkirk will not be a good movie . Right now , however , it 's unmissable .
... Nolan uses the Second World War and in particular the battle of Dunkirk and the eviction of the English army , to generate a series of images through which -LRB- and not historical events -RRB- can achieve a very different purpose . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Here , the battle is appropriately tense , horrific and tragic , not without beauty - whether in the grateful gasp of a man saved from drowning , or Nolan 's gorgeous shot of a miles-long beach at dawn on which flanks of desperate men are lined up .
Any historical drama is necessarily a summary , and will approach a threshold at which distillation becomes dilution . Nolan does n't seem too worried about this , and Dunkirk 's eruptive brevity is almost refreshing .
... both celebratory and somber .
Artistically disjointed and historically unfactual , just the latest in a series of vastly overrated Christopher Nolan films .
The visuals , the structure , the use of sound and music , and the simple presence of a beating heart - all come together in a whole that is truly breathtaking .
Dunkirk is a series of survival sequences -LRB- occasionally with each one topping the last nerve-shredding dance with death -RRB- hammering home the old tried and true never surrender adage
Dunkirk shows off Nolan 's own techniques as a filmmaker to make for a film that is technically , if not completely narratively , lustrous .
The most remarkable aspect might be that this is a war film that celebrates the simple act of surviving
Dunkirk delivers a film that should give Christopher Nolan a long-overdue Oscar nomination for outstanding directing .
With Dunkirk , Nolan has crafted a pulse-quickening , unrelenting 107 minute experience that grabs hold and refuses to let go until the credits roll .
Christopher Nolan 's direction and Han Zimmer 's music combine to make this war film an unforgettable cinematic experience .
Told as three separate stories -LRB- Land , Sea and Air -RRB- in three different time narratives -LRB- from a week out to a day to an hour before -RRB- `` Dunkirk '' is more of a thriller than a full out war film .
The underlying critique of war and focus on survival and hope is what makes this film so great .
If nothing else , it is yet another landmark achievement by one of the most important and skilled storytellers in the present generation of filmmaking .
In every technical aspect , Dunkirk IS a marvel . The cinematography is great , the editing is sharp , Nolan 's direction is detailed and precise , the sound is OUTSTANDING .
The underlying story and its meticulous re-creation on the big screen completely won me over , as Nolan and his outstanding team deliver scene after scene of heroism , desperation , or that base human instinct for survival .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- `` Dunkirk '' seems to say that there are no heroes in war , only victims , suckers , survivors , and assholes . Perhaps Christopher Nolan 's movie has a point after all . This movie sucks .
The strange problem posed by the movie is , in terms of what it sets out to do , completely of a piece but missing the surge of feeling that would make that thing worth doing .
It 's a comma of compassion in a larger Sisyphean story of war , with Christopher Nolan 's contemporaneously unrivaled visual instincts - wedding Storm Thorgerson 's surreal photography to David Lean 's cinematic majesty .
The new film of the British director abounds with a new vision in the figure of the unknown soldier from three dramatic spaces : land , sea and air , thus breaking with the idea of a blessed heroism . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film-maker of The Dark Knight gives us a survival tale that celebrates the heroic acts of many .
Dunkirk sticks with you long after leaving the theater .
In Nolan 's hands , and through IMAX-sized frames , -LSB- Dunkirk is -RSB- a mesmerizing , maddening , and often isolating experience .
Dunkirk is a stunning cinematic achievement , skillfully and exactingly deploying music and sound to heighten drama , capitalizing on every inch of the large screen to document the looming horror and growing desperation .
Dunkirk grips and does n't let go . The evacuation might have succeeded , but the war raged on .
-LSB- Dunkirk -RSB- is absolutely riveting , but not quite the high-minded salute to the Greatest Generation the marketing may have you believe .
Their ammunition is enough to be a reference of war cinema , perhaps the best contemporary film on the subject . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a masterpiece of film making and will leave you on the edge of your seat , unable to catch your breath from the opening shots to the closing credits .
Writer/director Christopher Nolan has a glorious gift .
Dunkirk is closer to an art film than a typical war film , and it 's certainly the strangest , most ambitious summer blockbuster you 're likely to see .
Nolan has made a movie full of fear and frenzy . It 's impressive for sure .
... I do n't pretend to dismiss the undeniable grandeur of Dunkirk , or to diminish the cheers that the movie elicits when its soundtrack at last cues up the Elgar .
For a film with a $ 150 million price tag , positioned as the biggest superhero-free Warner tentpole of 2017 , it does just about as much experimenting as it could possibly dare .
Dunkirk shows a world full of terror , but -LSB- Christopher -RSB- Nolan goes to great lengths to ensure that his audience is never terrified .
Masterful visual storytelling on an epic scale .
Dunkirk stands high and proud as one of the finest films yet about World War 2 . Christopher Nolan delivers a powerful , haunting , moving and memorable experience that , in a brilliant touch , turns out to be more immersive than explosive .
Nolan has once again bet on big industrial cinema , the blockbuster formally risky and thematically conventional . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
For a concurrently dead simple and wildly innovative white knuckler of a war pic , look no further . One of our greats is back with more greatness .
When Dunkirk ended , I realized it was n't Dunkirk I wanted to watch : It was the sequel .
An efficient film that is based on a non-lineal structure and offers an impressive register . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
draws us deep into something from which we emerge with an initial sense of thrill , but are ultimately left with a lingering sense of what might have been
A genuinely powerful and emotionally resonant glimpse into the fog of war , told viscerally and masterfully by a top-notch filmmaker in full command of his gifts . But Nolan indulges in a structural flourish that , for this viewer , simply does n't play .
Nolan aims to give an intimate look at what these men could feel and experience in a situation full of anguish and even despair and , if you look under that lens , Dunkirk far from being a failure , is a wise move . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An intense and oppressive experience always covered by the sound of a ticking clock that reminds us that there 's no time to lose . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Nolan 's Dunkirk is stripped-down almost to the point of abstraction , a story with little dialogue , focusing on a series of physical terrors - drowning , being struck from above or behind , all endured with tight-lipped masculine resolve .
This movie took -LSB- a -RSB- piece of family lore and made it viscerally , undeniably real . I 'm personally grateful for that .
Few films have stripped war down to its terrifying , thrilling essence as Christopher Nolan 's Dunkirk , and few films have turned war into such an overwhelming , almost physical experience .
Loud , intense and almost disturbingly immersive , this is a showcase of true craftsmanship .
Nolan delivers a war story filled with pulse-pounding thrills and emotionally powerful performances .
Even with my reservations , I was glued to the screen and do n't think I took a breath for the entire nearly two hours of running time .
Nolan has created his most mature work in cinematographic language and humane situations , placing us on a barrel about to explode and closing the room with bolt on the outside . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With few action sequences , the film is intended to portray a feeling , not to present endearing characters , resulting in a very interesting exercise . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A visually overwhelming film that is an entire experience thought to the smallest detail to be enjoyed on the largest screen possible . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
` Dunkirk ' shows the grit and realism of war in a finely wrought film .
It is a film with little blood and heavy stress and fatigue , easy on combat and heavy on tragedy , as Nolan 's obsession with time is made elastic to reflect the perspectives of the soldiers on water , ground , and air .
A film like we rarely see in the movies , and that will certainly take several awards in the upcoming Oscars . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Elegance of nightmare , essence of terror . We are catapulted to war , in three interleaving but sometimes indistinct timeframes : a week , a day , an hour . Time collapses . There is the presence of fright , the adrenalized now .
With `` Dunkirk '' , Nolan continues to demonstrate his maturity as a filmmaker , as someone obsessed with realism , practical special effects , tension , the spectacularity of sound , and yes , time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A distillate of Christopher Nolan 's mastery that marks the zenith of his skills . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Nolan 's sense of memory and of history is as flattened-out and untroubled as his sense of psychology and of character .
Some historians have called the Battle of Dunkirk the most significant moment of the 20th century ... Nolan assures `` Dunkirk '' is one of the great films of the 21st .
An astonishing feat of storytelling , aesthetics and emotion , one from which you will not be able to look away .
Nolan captures it all . The chaos . The death . The heroism . The humanity . The miracle .
It 's more admirable for its technical virtuosity than for anything else . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
Dunkirk is an intense , unrelenting drama from start to finish . I was a sweaty mess as the closing credits started to roll .
Nolan 's film successfully combines the blurred moral lines of heroism and self-preservation with the larger canvas of an enormous wartime blockbuster .
A sensorial cinematographic experience . It retakes the majesty of filming in 70 mm - an art in danger of extinction - with the best technologies , visual effects and surround sound . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A thought provoking film that will have you on the edge of your seat .
Despite its underpopulated canvas , Dunkirk is an object lesson in vivid , non-gratuitous pictorialism .
A fingernail-obliterating cinema experience .
A good movie that fails to capture the mind-boggling scope of almost 400,000 troops stranded on the beach and almost 1,000 boats crossing back and forth across the Channel to save them . There is n't even a crawl at the end to give the statistics .
104 minutes of innovation ; a war movie like no other . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Dunkirk makes a fairly standard `` war is hell '' statement . It just appears to say more because Nolan went all William S. Burroughs and played cut-up with his script .
Nolan has made a career of fiercely inventive filmmaking . But this might be his masterpiece : a relatively simple story told with creative verve , relentlessly growing intensity , emotional resonance and the weight of history .
Dunkirk sees Christopher Nolan really coming of age as a director . It 's his masterpiece at last and it 's destined to become regarded as a very important film indeed .
It is n't a standard war movie , but it sure is some beautiful , difficult thing .
It 's not always easy to know what 's going on in Christopher Nolan 's Dunkirk-which makes the film seem all the more convincing as an evocation of war .
It 's high on noise , chaos , and anxiety , and low on visual poetry . -LSB- But -RSB- it provides a necessary corrective to the dangerous machismo of most war films .
It 's okay .
Christopher Nolan adopts the war genre and adds his very peculiar style and language , always playing with time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Christopher Nolan has surprised the audience by reinventing the war genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
More than a war movie , Dunkirk could be a movie about cinema itself and its importance . Thanks Nolan , for all of this . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of the most surprising films about anguish that you will see , in effect , for a long time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A great creation of pure cinema . There are few dialogues , but it does n't need them since the visual language is very powerful . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Dunkirk is already a masterpiece that must be seen more than once . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Unsurprisingly , with visual mastery and few dialogues , Nolan achieves perhaps his best film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
virtually every scene is pitched at a moment of near-crisis , the entire experience hanging in the nanosecond when the fuse has burned out but the explosion is yet to go off .
A dedicated work in the extra lacerating sound of bullets , explosions , torpedoes and music almost without a break . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The bits of Christopher Nolan 's Dunkirk that are good are so good . The bits of it that are bad are just awful .
Christopher Nolan 's Dunkirk delivers a work of art to the playing field of the summer blockbuster .
This is an account of a neglected chapter of history that does justice to its scope , thanks to Nolan 's assiduous application of his craft .
The effects are less realistic than they are thrilling and entrancing , a set of sensory adventures alluding to World War II movie tropes ... But the movie also turns these tropes inside out to articulate a broader theme .
Reserved , dignified , proud and brave , Christopher Nolan 's Dunkirk is nothing if not very , very British .
Christopher Nolan 's juggling act here finds a clear balance of immediacy and dimension .
Other than bits of Memento and those great Joker scenes in The Dark Knight , this may be -LSB- Nolan 's -RSB- finest hour -LRB- and forty-six minutes -RRB- .
`` Virtual reality without the headset '' , -LSB- Nolan -RSB- calls it , and it 's no idle boast . Everything has been meticulously -- and effectively -- designed to dissolve the barrier between you and the screen .
Christopher Nolan eschews Batmanesque grandiosity , not to mention irony and blatant special effects , to pursue a more authentically immersive view of this historical turning point .
Call it a victory on all fronts .
It takes a confident , accomplished filmmaker to make a war film like this , epic , understated , nearly bereft of dialog , no off screen narration , a huge story brought down to intimate levels . It reminds me of some Stanley Kubrick movies .
A master class by Nolan in all areas of cinema . A relentless and captivating cinematic experience . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
All these frantic bits and pieces come together under Nolan 's narrative scheme to form a stirring panorama .
Soldier and civilian alike are left powerless in the face of a seemingly hidden enemy who can come from anywhere at any time .
Christopher Nolan has created a true masterpiece here : experimental in structure , gripping storytelling , haunting in tone , and more terrifying than most horror movies .
Occasional bursts of flames , imperiling many of the effectively nameless characters , come as a relief from the chromatic tedium .
Dunkirk argues for one of the most accomplished filmmakers working today
Nolan seems somewhat uninterested in the humans standing amid his spectacular effects .
Nolan has revitalised his approach to filmmaking , and the results are nothing less than awe inspiring .
Dunkirk does World War II like nothing you 've ever seen .
The most stunning movie of 2017 .
The movie works . Time and again , the action swells and dips , like a wave , then suddenly delivers a salty slap in the face .
Hard to categorize Dunkirk . Grand piece of art ? Virtuoso nail-bite fest ? It 's both . While decidedly nerve-wracking , you 'll be glad you went and suffered with the soldiers who saved us from Hitler .
Marks Christopher Nolan 's final transition from being the `` twisty plot guy '' to the `` awe-inspiring visuals guy . '' A welcome change .
An immersive movie that takes viewers inside the experience of war on sea , on the land , and in the air .
It 's a curious mix of old fashioned mawkishness , dewy eyed , if understated , patriotism , and contemporary art house narratological experimentation . It is , appropriately , very British -LRB- as we like to think of ourselves -RRB- .
A contemporary war movie that echoes classic combat films but eclipses them at the same time , Nolan 's new epic puts Dunkirk on the cinematic map .
I appreciated and liked a lot of what Nolan accomplished , but it was too impersonal and distant to fully love .
Ambitious , emotional , impressive , beautiful , terrifying and superbly cast , it 's a fitting testimony to one of the most remarkable episodes in modern warfare .
Heroism is celebrated , Spitfires fly , Churchill is reverently quoted and we 're offered scenes of plucky British pathos that could have been written in the 1940s .
It is hard to imagine a better tribute to this victory of survival than Nolan 's spare , stunning , extraordinarily ambitious film .
Dunkirk is a war movie that plays particularly well for people who do n't typically like war movies .
A little carnage goes a long way when it 's punctuated with sweeping money shots of thousands of soldiers on an expansive , haunted beach . You do n't experience the misery in the misery-you feel it in the spaces in between .
Nolan uses unusual and new techniques to make the viewer feel as if she/he is actually experiencing the action -- for better or worse . This is one of the great WWII films .
This astonishing film demands to be watched on the biggest screen available .
Dunkirk brings a lump to the throat and a tear to the eye . Highly recommended .
A film that will doubtless become the definitive cinematic depiction of this remarkable chapter of history .
Nolan has given us the cinematic equivalent of the British stiff upper lip .
It 's the anti-blockbuster blockbuster , full of brains , grit and a fearlessness to challenge superhero-drunk filmgoers to invest fully of themselves by finding meaning in every exquisitely shot frame .
Dunkirk is being hailed in some quarters as one of the greatest war films ever made and in others as a typically overrated Christopher Nolan endeavor . Neither claim is accurate , although the enthusiasts are closer to the mark than the Nolan naysayers .
Impressive `` Dunkirk '' Hampered by Gimmick .
Spinoza once opined that you could n't use words to describe God , because by choosing any one or several , you would be eliminating the infinite nature of the deity . That essential inadequacy of words drives much of Nolan 's stunning film .
From the start , Nolan gives the action a terrifying immediacy , pummelling us with the intensity of his images and the throbbing power of Hans Zimmer 's score .
... instantly enters the pantheon of great modern war films ... that do n't glorify war , but respect and honor those who have had to endure it .
Allows us to feel as much as possible how the soldiers must have felt during that trying evacuation , where death was all-around them at the beach .
Technically awe-inspiring , narratively inventive and thematically complex , Dunkirk reinvigorates its genre with a war movie that is both harrowing and smart .
It 's an extraordinary undertaking , and Nolan delivers a spellbinding ride . Out of the depths or man-made horror , he 's created a gripping tale of human resolve .
Despite all the substandard characterization , what we do see sucks us in enough to keep us invested and , at times , riveted .
Watching `` Dunkirk '' for the first time takes me back to my first viewing of `` The Thin Red Line ; '' I 'm ready for its mastery to emerge in repeat viewings ...
Land , sea and air , all disturbed by war and freckled with humanity , merge splendidly in another near-masterpiece from writer/director Christopher Nolan .
Surely the filmmaker 's insistence upon imposing his favourite device upon all his narratives is edging towards Shyamalan-like overkill .
Nolan deserves to be commended for his superior craftsmanship . Ultimately , however , Dunkirk falls way short of such contemporary genre classics as The Big Red One , The Thin Red Line or Steven Spielberg 's Saving Private Ryan .
Deploying his mastery over filmmaking technology , Nolan has made World War II look fresh and exciting by focusing not on the action sequences as much as the desperate struggle for survival .
Mr. Nolan can be forgiven , or even praised , for refusing to pander to sentiment . He 's given filmgoers far more to see and hear -- and Dunkirk will be heard from at Oscar time .
Nolan has crafted not just his own best film but one of the finest war films of the 21st century .
Christopher Nolan 's biggest departure yet is successful in showing the horrors of war without relying on action-heavy expectancies .
This is real cinema : spare , terse , expertly edited . I saw it in 70 mm , and so should you if you can . But mostly , you should just go see it -- it 's a masterpiece .
Ambitious , sophisticated and gloriously cinematic , Christopher Nolan 's Dunkirk bursts into the heart of the summer moviegoing season .
Dunkirk is a powerful work from one of the great directors of our time .
Despite the curtailed run time , as chaotic as it may seem , it still bears the director 's meticulous attention to detail and technical mastery , which pays off over and over in many suitably distressing ways
This is a magnificent achievement accomplished with staggering buoyancy and grace , the victory of survival its own form of heroism worthy of celebration .
-LSB- N -RSB- early two hours of uninspiring mayhem ... Dunkirk uses history as a pretext to show off the director 's fascination for calamity .
Director Christopher Nolan delivers one of this summer 's most precisely crafted , visually astonishing films in the simultaneously gorgeous and devastating Dunkirk .
All -LSB- the actors -RSB- succeed , but special mention goes to Whitehead 's Tommy , whose mixture of fear and determination in the opening scene sets the movie 's tone , and Rylance , whose civilian skipper suggests quiet dignity like no other .
Dunkirk 's relatively brief running time , though , means there 's rarely a dull moment . Viewers are thrust into the action , and like many of the soldiers , they 're left on their own to sink or swim .
Each setting features its own editing rhythm , characters and score ... Far from being a Memento-like puzzle to piece together , Dunkirk is a series of tense standoffs whose resolutions all funnel into the same prerequisite ; get the soldiers home .
Brings a refreshing unconventionality to the war movie genre .
Dunkirk 's plot is fairly uncomplicated . The thrill is in the deeply exhilarating pace at which the action unfolds .
It is a good movie . One bordering on great , even . The best movie Christopher Nolan 's done in years ... and I say that as someone who likes -LRB- most , sorry The Dark Knight Rises -RRB- Nolan movies .
It is Nolan 's control of the visuals that makes this among the most harrowing of war films .
Christopher Nolan 's genius for treating movies like chess matches ... is brilliantly employed in this account of the British -LRB- and French -RRB- attempt to retreat across the English Channel from the coastal city of Dunkirk in the early years of World War II .
On top of the non-stop action , Nolan succeeds by acknowledging weak spots that have plagued his entire career . Instead of improving on these weaknesses , he crafted a film that has no need for them .
Nolan makes up a triptych with war 's relativity -- time stretching or standing still in the presence of death .
Anyone hoping to be guided through all this morass of detonations and drownings by the handrail of dialogue , the nuance and shade of human drama , will have to go whistle . Dunkirk is not about characters but character .
In absence of his usual brand of intellectual complexity , Nolan instead packs each of his uncharacteristically minimalistic tales with a career-best effort in emotional fortuity .
It 's a harrowing , moving , and minimalist epic that haunts the soul while satisfying those fleshy urges with spectacular and unforgettable action alongside an unrelenting hum of anxious intensity . It 's about people , not war .
Christopher Nolan steps in a new direction this time , delivering a picture that engages the intellect and the senses , if not exactly the heart .
Dunkirk becomes much more than a war film . It can be classified within the war genre but it 's more of a personal affair rather than a two-hour shootout on battlefields .
Christopher Nolan 's Dunkirk is a stunning technical accomplishment -- like all of writer/producer/director Nolan 's films , I suppose -- and also the leanest , sharpest thing he 's made since Memento .
Dunkirk manages to be a stirring , yet intimate epic all at the same time . At its core though it is a gripping thriller that is unlike anything I have ever seen in this genre , a bravura triumph for Christopher Nolan .
Dunkirk is very , very good - but it 's not transcendent
It 's a series of riveting tableaux , but the human center is lacking .
Its flaws may keep it from reaching the highest levels of Nolan 's directorial catalog , but as a portrait of a pivotal moment in world history , Dunkirk is the kind of gripping and powerful experience that Imax screens were made for .
A war film that is not a war film and yet will immediately enter the ranks of the best war films made so far .
-LSB- A -RSB- breathless , awe-inspiring depiction of war by land , sea , and air ... -LSB- O -RSB- ne of the few perfect films of the 21st Century .
Dealing with a real-life event , Christopher Nolan has shifted out of cerebral overdrive and rediscovered a welcome directness and simplicity .
It 's one of the great films of the year so far , make no mistake , and yes , it 's one of the best war dramas ever made , full stop .
Nolan 's array of unique POV shots and his peerless command of scale relay the terrifying subjective experiences of Dunkirk 's characters in a hauntingly visceral way .
Exhilaratingly claustrophobic , Christopher Nolan 's latest is the best film of the year thus far .
Yet , for all the heroic effort , there is no heroic result ... . Dunkirk pulls itself apart on the beaches , in the air , and on the seas . It never surrenders a single strand of storyline so the others may survive .
... -LSB- Dunkirk delivers -RSB- film-going experience that is more visceral than intellectual or emotional .
`` Dunkirk '' is a faithful and well-crafted retelling of an overlooked , but crucial , event in World War II , which is enough to make it worth your time .
A World War II movie your dad will fall asleep watching on the couch .
Communicates the dislocations of war in a powerful new way , and will likely be mumbled over by film-school scholars for years to come . How many non-scholars will be wanting to see it a second time we will soon discover .
The brilliant , unconventional structure adds to the immersive nature of `` Dunkirk , '' reinforcing the sense that the war is everywhere , that characters who have n't even met make decisions with life-or-death consequences for each other .
Relentlessly barreling between dive bombings , torpedo attacks and dogfights , the movie works your nerves . It 's just one damn thing after another .
Easily an early Oscar contender in various categories , including Best Picture . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Nolan 's WWII epic is unlike anything you 've seen on screen before . So why are we so disengaged ?
Extremely ambitious yet rarely effective ...
Dunkirk left me feeling vaguely dissatisfied , with too many unanswered questions . For me it missed the big picture . If that means I 'm swimming against the tide , so be it .
Important to the film 's success is Hans Zimmer 's unique score , which becomes a living entity unto itself due to pulsating sounds .
A beautifully shot , shallow , and nauseating video game . Too much Spectacle and not nearly enough humanism , a truly special effect that money can not buy . It 's the equivalent of dry , stale bread .
Other critics are raving about this one . Did we see a different movie ? This one is terribly disjointed and you are never connected to the characters . Wanted to like it but ...
Absolutely Stunning
A vivid symphony of visceral experiences .
With an interwoven script that intersects when you least expect it , the film is a mighty example of storytelling and the power of atmosphere .
Although Dunkirk looks at one of the most amazing military/civil operations of World War II -LRB- or maybe of any military conflict in history -RRB- , it 's not a war movie . It 's Christopher Nolan 's view of a war movie .
Nolan again continues his proud tradition of eschewing computer-generated shots in favour of actual ships , planes and men . The result is a film that will look authentic , bloody , honest and real for as long there are people to watch it .
Dunkirk is n't striving to immortalise English heroism as a sepia-toned portrait . Dunkirk simply wants to transport you to the battlefield , and experience the horrors that lie there .
It is brave , and even admirable , but if you are fond of an emotional core ? Then you will sorely feel the lack of it .
The miracle of Dunkirk is that it 's different from other war movies in the best ways , and it 's exceptional in every technical sense , making it one of the most emotionally powerful films of 2017 .
As both a fresh approach to historical action and a thunderous throwback to old-fashioned war movies , Christopher Nolan 's `` Dunkirk '' is a triumphant feat of white-knuckle storytelling .
The picture is distinguished by a knack for undercutting genre conventions without diminishing them emotionally .
Dunkirk is Nolan 's most directly cinematic of his works , knocking plot and melodrama down the totem pole in favor of furiously transportive images and sounds that elicit emotion in a more primal , instinctual way .
Arguably Nolan 's best film , Dunkirk is a propulsive descent into Hell that celebrates the indomitable human spirit .
A vivid , heart-pounding , emotional rollercoaster of a film , Dunkirk is also one of the most immersive experiences you could ever wish to endure . But therein lies its genius .
Ultimately , this is an unsentimentally masterful chronicle of a propaganda victory plucked from the jaws of military disaster .
The film is a wonder to experience -LRB- especially in Imax -RRB- , but it 's not perfect . For all the technical brilliance , there 's something emotionally removed about the storytelling that keeps a viewer at arm 's length throughout .
The pleasure in the storytelling arc is how elements move swiftly together . Nolan 's biggest trick is the film starts out being epic and moves effortlessly to the intimate ... .
What it is , essentially , is 106 clamorous minutes of big-screen bombast that 's so concerned with its own spectacle and scale that it neglects to deliver the most crucial element -- drama .
His exciting set pieces of sinking ships and aerial dogfights will thrill audiences who head to big Hollywood films for spectacle . But when Nolan gets the subtler moments right , you see something much more .
So many of us wanted Dunkirk to be truly great . It 's too virtuous and not vulgar enough to be great . It 's a brilliant film that embraces grandeur but has a tasteful horror of rhetoric .
Christopher Nolan 's first non-fantasy movie is bold , visceral , and powerful , with many moving sequences -- though some of his filmmaking choices can be challenging .
Christopher Nolan affirms his status as contemporary cinema 's boldest blockbuster director with this intensely immersive and relentlessly stirring chronicle of the famous World War II evacuation .
Given little context and even less character arc , Dunkirk emerges as an emotionally hollow exercise in wartime spectacle .
Not a second is wasted in the taut 105-minute running time , something Nolan emphasizes by giving it the ticking-clock structure of a thriller , albeit a very Nolan-style thriller .
From the get-go Dunkirk is a relentlessly tense affair ...
The tension starts from minute one and does n't let up until the credits roll in `` Dunkirk , '' Christopher Nolan 's terse , nerve-jangling WWII drama .
It 's a gripping addition to the canon of war on film that is definitely worthy of attention , and some of the images are electrifying .
There 's so much to absorb and appreciate in this movie that one viewing just might not be enough .
Is it ethical to make a war movie this beautiful ?
Both intimate and epic , as emotional as it is tension-filled , it is being ballyhooed as a departure for bravura filmmaker Christopher Nolan , but in truth the reason it succeeds so masterfully is that it is anything but .
It only takes a matter of minutes for Dunkirk to convey the unmistakeable notion you are in the presence of true cinematic greatness . This is what a masterpiece looks like . Sounds like . Feels like .
Nolan 's simplest and at the same time most complex narrative film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Dunkirk '' bolts out the gate not like a thoroughbred racehorse , but like a pack of them , never stopping until - thunderingly , and with a feeling that encompasses both victory and defeat - it crosses the finish line .
Christopher Nolan 's Dunkirk is not so much a war story as it is an attempt to communicate the experience of war .
When the structure of Dunkirk becomes visible , when it stands as a mathematical demonstration of brave individual choices lining up in a tidy row , you might realize that you 've been had .
As an examination of collective triumph and spirit it is a decisive victory .
`` Dunkirk '' is a finely crafted examination of a historical event that changed the direction of the war .
As magnificently well crafted as Dunkirk is , it is a film destined to be respected more than it is loved , and given Nolan 's record -- I credit him with five great movies -- I call this a highly honorable achievement that nonetheless slightly disappoints .
An intense , carefully calibrated mini-epic about surviving war ... . Packs the punch of something far more graphic .
This is a grand spectacle , not an empty one , a rare example of the Hollywood blockbuster dollar well spent .
See it on the biggest screen you can find .
A cinematic triumph that will awe some viewers and alienate others - for the same basic reasons .
Seldom has a film so eloquently captured the craziness , brutality and arbitrariness of war . `` Dunkirk '' just might be Nolan 's masterpiece .
As a big-screen experience this can be overwhelming , especially when characters are trapped below oncoming planes or inside beleaguered sea vessels ; few war movies have communicated more viscerally how it feels to be a sitting duck .
Director/writer Christopher Nolan masterfully revives the classic war film with an edge-of-your-seat , emotionally-charged thriller .
Whenever it creates or recreates the bigger picture , Dunkirk itself becomes a bigger , bolder , better picture .
A streak of honest sentiment , earned under the most hellish of circumstances , courses through this movie and provides it with spine and a soul .
The first film Nolan has made that feels bigger than the director 's preoccupations and obsessions .
An inspirational tribute to Britain 's Greatest Generation that just might be Chris Nolan 's best picture yet !
With magnificent visuals , tension is the star .
Its images are most obviously big in size , more importantly fluid in movement in a way not equaled -LRB- let alone attempted -RRB- by just about anything you might find anywhere .
In a time when prestige TV is hogging lots of attention -LRB- and deservedly so ! -RRB- , Christopher Nolan 's stunning WWII saga makes a pretty strong case for the continued sustenance of film .
Nolan has made a war movie that provokes both thrills and thought . Consider Dunkirk another must-see .
Nolan has delivered a visceral , suspenseful , at times jaw-dropping historical war movie , the lone disclaimer being that he sacrifices character development in his steadfast focus on technical virtuosity .
World War II history buffs wo n't want to miss this large , sprawling colossus of a film .
It 's beautifully shot , with a panoramic depth and breadth of landscapes . It is also unrelenting .
Dunkirk will bowl you over . It is almost too much power for one filmmaker to have .
The most emotional moments in Nolan 's film are the smaller ones , a soldier slipping into the sea swimming towards home , a young hero recognized in a local newspaper .
A display of both Nolan 's dark , wizard-like powers as a filmmaker and his weaknesses and neurotic affectations as a storyteller .
Watching Dunkirk , the word `` masterpiece '' comes to mind -- often and effortlessly .
The finest war movies examine the personal struggles within the larger framework of a battle : the eye-level conflict . That 's the strategy of `` Dunkirk , '' an ambitious , evocative -LRB- but at times too aloof -RRB- World War II epic .
I 'd go so far to say that Dunkirk could easily serve as its own master class in the art of film editing . Add to that an absolutely terrifyingly discordant score from Hans Zimmer and the result is , well , a bona fide classic . Well done , sir , well done .
-LSB- Dunkirk -RSB- captures this struggle for survival with visceral intensity . It offers an immersion into this harrowing moment that is vast in its ambition and comprehensive in the degree to which it fulfills it .
Wisely , Nolan 's movie is not about the `` big picture . '' At about 106 minutes , it 's a fast-paced , rousing story of soldiers and civilians confronting overwhelming odds , their moral compasses , fear and the specter of death .
`` Dunkirk '' is a tour de force of cinematic craft and technique , but one that is unambiguously in the service of a sober , sincere , profoundly moral story that closes the distance between yesterday 's fights and today 's .
This blockbuster spectacle is an intense experience of pure cinema that far exceeds the standard `` miracle at Dunkirk '' narrative .
Nolan is challenging himself to try and tell a war story in a different way .
Christopher Nolan 's ghostly and taut war story is his best film in years .
From the first frame to the last , it 's a propulsive ride that wrings so much tension out of the audience that by the time the credits roll , there 's little you can do but stare at the screen in stunned silence .
Nolan 's film could only have been made by a cinema master with the perspective of time and all the history since , and we are fortunate to be here when he did .
Christopher Nolan 's recent output has been a master class of technical precision , as if that alone were enough . It 's not , by the way .
At a relatively short running time for an `` epic '' , the characters are not developed enough to allow us to care about their survival .
No doubt that `` Dunkirk '' is technologically well conceived and crafted . Unfortunately , a clever idea and expert editing can not compensate for a dearth of human emotions .
Nolan 's made an intimidating endeavor , but those hoping for an exhaustively emotional event should seek their wartime blues elsewhere .
In his ever-growing oeuvre , Dunkirk ranks as one of Christopher Nolan 's best .
Dunkirk , a film about men , created by men , is a force of nature - an elemental beast of a movie about finding the meaning of life surrounded by the meaninglessness of war .
Dunkirk is a return to true form for director Christopher Nolan and it may very well be his best film yet . It combines the clever structure of Memento , the scale and ambition of The Dark Knight and the incredible cinematography of Inception .
Christopher Nolan remains an abstract artist at core , and the tricky structure of his spectacular Dunkirk is not far removed from the games played in his science-fiction blockbusters Inception and Interstellar .
A disappointment , a visual marvel but one lacking in emotional resonance , the sort of film one respects for its craftsmanship-but feels distanced from .
Nolan challenges everything you might expect from the subject matter : be it in terms of narrative , plot structure , or even the basic notions placed on war films in general , and World War II movies in the main .
It is n't a masterpiece or the best film from Christopher Nolan , but it 's quite impressive . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I wanted to walk out of Dunkirk with my heart beating . And I walked out with my brain humming .
Primal and exhilarating , full of dread and tension . Drops us right into the chaos of war to tell an intimate story about fear and intensity of purpose .
The star of the show is cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema , whose serene photography provides a necessary counterbalance to the breathless editing .
... there are maybe ten minutes in the middle where I felt my attention waning-and yet I 'd hate to discourage Nolan from trying to take this approach more often .
DUNKIRK 's triumph owes to the simplicity of the finished product , not the complexity of the technical inputs . That masterful distillation is the piece that Nolan has finally brought under his command .
Christopher Nolan has created something new in the annals of war films - an intimate epic .
-LSB- Nolan -RSB- has managed to combine the epic and the intimate . We are a long way from next year 's Oscars but Dunkirk must surely already be a frontrunner .
What Nolan gets right in Dunkirk -- from the action to the spare dialogue -- is so good that it makes the fact that any narrative deficiencies exist seem all the more disappointing .
An immersive , bombastic historical epic more interested in how things happen than the people who things actually happen to .
This is a movie that deserves to be seen on the largest screen possible and , no , whatever you have in your home does n't count unless you reside inside an IMAX theater .
Even with its overly complicated structure and scarcity of emotion , it 's no exaggeration to call it a technical masterpiece , offering a stunning look at a key moment in WWII .
... A fresh , innovative take on the war movie and an engrossing , unique experience for the audience .
An instant war classic that finds its power in individual tales of heroism and renders them larger than life .
It 's possible you 're more impressed with the filmmaker 's bravado than with anything the characters are doing onscreen .
Rigorously staged and artfully photographed ... Christopher Nolan applies his trademark ingenuity and clockwork precision to an otherwise straightforward story .
Dunkirk makes for Christopher Nolan 's most intense and nerve-wracking thriller yet , delivering a strikingly terse viewing experience in the process .
It 's at once minimalist and maximalist , cynical and dopey , a big-boy white elephant art film that is actually a lean and mean suspense set-piece machine .
In a swift 106 minutes , watching Dunkirk becomes a stunning and genuine experience , enveloping viewers in a way few movies ever do .
Thanks to Nolan 's unapologetically immense and imposing style , Dunkirk is as cinematically close as one can get to wartime trauma , survival impulses , and heroic altruism .
`` Dunkirk '' is one of the great war pictures of our time . It 's haunting , it 's rapturous , and it 's unforgettable .
It 's one of the best war films ever made , distinct in its look , in its approach and in the effect it has on viewers .
Go ahead and engrave the Oscar now , for this is the best film of the year and one of the 10 greatest of the century .
A bold , intentionally bloodless film that for the most part works spectacularly well .
Marked by subtle moments of epic silence and a unique structure , writer/director Christopher Nolan 's `` Dunkirk '' is a timeless classic .
A visceral , nerve-shredding pulse-pounder that needs to be experienced on the biggest screen you can find .
Tightly focused , even minimalist approach to telling the true tale of a military disaster and how hope was cultivated in the sands a mighty failure .
Christopher Nolan 's relentless Dunkirk turns a wartime retreat into a cinematic triumph .
Christopher Nolan 's greatest cinematic achievement , a masterpiece on every level .
... one of of the most gut-tightening , engrossing , downright suspenseful films of the year .
... encourages us to hail heroes whenever we have the slightest excuse , and give considerable pause before calling anyone a coward .
This accomplished , exceptional piece of cinema delivers summer-scale spectacle , albeit without the escapism audiences often crave from blockbuster releases at this time of the year .
For all its taut direction and editing , its thunderous sound and its historic origins , the film does n't quite move us as deeply and as often as we expect . Perhaps Nolan is trying too hard to construct the mood with the tools at his command .
Nolan is the star of this explosive mood piece that soars on the wings of its visuals and sound and makes it truly a visceral experience .
Being as objective as it is may ultimately rob the film of some of its potential for emotional impact , but there is no denying Dunkirk is unlike any war film we 've ever seen .
Dunkirk is a great last half of a movie , but alone is an emotionless vacuum .
The film 's fussy ambition ultimately results in aesthetic and thematic sloppiness .
`` Dunkirk '' is a great movie , both an old-time inspirational war epic and at the same time very much a Christopher Nolan movie .
You disappear inside of it and it changes you , as all great movies do .
Human nature is on full display , for better , for worse , or both . The man who commits a selfish act in order to survive and the man who acts gallantly to save others may , in fact , be the same man .
Here 's a classical-yet-modernist action film that will be taken apart and put on display in film schools and film clubs for years to come .
It 's the most essential `` see it on the big screen or else '' experience since ` The Walk ' .
The Oscar race for Best Picture is officially on . From first frame to last , Christopher Nolan 's Dunkirk is a monumental achievement , a World War II epic of staggering visual spectacle -LRB- see it in IMAX if you can -RRB- that hits you like a shot in the heart .
I do n't know if my heart stopped racing for all of Dunkirk 's brisk , unbearably tense 107-minute runtime .
It deserves to be seen and argued about . They do n't make them like this anymore . Never did , really .
Christopher Nolan has created the most intense , immersive war story since ` Saving Private Ryan . '
Once again Nolan shows himself to be a master of pure cinema . Incomparably immersive , Dunkirk does admirable justice to its story - it 's a film that never lets up , never surrenders .
It 's a magnificent movie of staid heroism , utterly opulent in its bleakness .
Dunkirk is a gripping story of survival told through cutting edge camera work and bare bones storytelling . Christopher Nolan has delivered a classic war film .
The crunching realism , as captured on large format film stock , is unmistakable , and puts every other rival summer spectacle to shame .
Dunkirk is the film Nolan has been building to his entire career . It 's his masterpiece , it 's the best film of the year so far , and it 's the one to beat come awards time .
An immersive , exhilarating experience ; see it on the biggest screen you can find .
Dunkirk , tellingly , is the first of Nolan 's films to induce tears in its final frames . The director 's technical mastery finally transcends craft to become art and , as a result , this is his best film to date .
Nolan crafts a frighteningly realistic portrayal of the Allied soldiers ' evacuation , with some of the best aerial dogfights ever put to screen .
No war film you 've seen before - from Das Boot to Saving Private Ryan to The Thin Red Line - comes close to what Nolan has created here .
The swift-moving , pulse-pounding Dunkirk reveals its filmmaker at his most nimble , supple , and simple .
Dunkirk the event may have been `` a colossal military disaster '' according to Churchill , but Dunkirk the movie is a glorious , breathtakingly vivid triumph from a director at the top of his game .
What 's so ambitious and ultimately so masterful about Dunkirk is that it is almost entirely an action sequence .
Clocking in at only 107 minutes long , Dunkirk is tightly paced , and end-to-end it is furnished with stunning sequences that leave you holding your breath .
Nolan has crafted a tight , gripping , deeply involving and unforgettable film that ranks about the best war movies of the decade .
Christopher Nolan 's epic is n't just the best film of his career , but one of the best war movies in decades .
Even as we are left exhausted and stunned by what we 've watched , there is an underlying lack of emotional connection that leaves the film as chilly as Nolan 's detractors have accused his other pictures of being .
Sensational in every sense of the word ; it aims for both the heart and the head , to be sure , but arrives there via the central nervous system .
For his next , and possibly greatest trick , Nolan has whipped up a war movie fearful of and resistant to combat itself , instead preoccupied with the rough interplay between duty and fear .
Dunkirk wants us to sense what made this moment so pivotal without reducing it to an individual tale . And at that , it succeeds richly .
Christopher Nolan 's relentlessly tense historical epic Dunkirk is a war movie like no other , a gripping , edge-of-your-seat thriller than does n't give you a moment to catch your breath .
From script level , which pilots three time frames and strafes his own fiction onto the reality of the Allied evacuation of June 1940 , to its astonishing technical prowess , this is heart-stopping entertainment .
In spite of my want for deeper or more oblique notes in it , Dunkirk is an unbelievably assured and thrilling war film . Nolan is at the top of his game , and what a joy it is to watch him construct such grand scale filmmaking .
This is Nolan 's finest film to date , an immersive and emotional masterpiece and a superb return to form .
` Dunkirk ' gives us a short , sharp dose of the oddness and horror of war , dropping us right into the fray .
Dunkirk may be -LSB- Nolan 's -RSB- first historically based fiction , but it 's his latest in a long line of survival puzzles , designed to thrill and to provoke the response moviemakers of all kinds have been after for more than a century : whew ! Followed by : wow .
Christopher Nolan 's astonishing new film , a retelling of the Allied evacuation of occupied France in 1940 , is a work of heart-hammering intensity and grandeur that demands to be seen on the best and biggest screen within reach .
The rush of cold open water leaves you shivering . A nosediving fighter plane causes you to gasp for air . An explosion makes you want to duck for cover . All that and ... Harry Styles ?!
Effectively one enormous , stunningly rendered and thunderously intense set-piece stretched to feature-length , Dunkirk thrusts you into a pressure cooker and slams the lid on .
The nerve-racking war thriller Dunkirk is the movie Christopher Nolan 's entire career has been building up to , in ways that even he may not have realized .
From the off you know you 're in great hands . This is n't your typical churned out war movie : this is war and you 're in it . Nolan completely immerses the audience in the soldiers ' world .
Haunting , thrilling and emotional , Dunkirk is a prestige pic with guts and glory that demands multiple views .
-LSB- Nolan has -RSB- found a way to harness that technique in service of a kind of heightened reality , one that feels more immersive and immediate than whatever concerns we check at the door when entering the cinema .
This is visceral , big-budget filmmaking that can be called Art . It 's also , hands down , the best motion picture of the year so far .
Let other directors play with toy soldiers and computer effects . This is big-time , old-school filmmaking . Dunkirk is n't overdone . It 's simply done epically .
Dunkirk is ambitious , monumental filmmaking , to say the least , but director Christopher Nolan handles it all masterfully , delivering an unconventional and stunning war movie .
Dunkirk feels like this decade 's Band of Brothers , a film likely to be the launchpad for the next set of hot , young British actors .
Christopher Nolan 's Dunkirk is a stone cold masterpiece . It 's a stunningly immersive survival film told in 106 thrillingly realized minutes .
... its timeless heroism and state-of-the-art execution makes me think they do n't make 'em like Dunkirk anymore . In fact , they never have .
Anchored with a winning ensemble , this unflinching look into war may have just redefined the genre . An Oscar player has emerged .
A directing and editing masterpiece .
Dunkirk is just a masterclass in the art of storytelling , with a variety of different characters , in different places , fighting their own different battles , all intertwined as we progress , without any sense of contrivance .
Britain 's great pyrrhic defeat or inverse victory of 1940 has been brought to the screen as a terrifying , shattering spectacle by Christopher Nolan .
Christopher Nolan 's largely bloodless but profoundly harrowing war epic is the best film he 's ever made .
There have been countless films this summer that have engaged in endless spectacle but `` Dunkirk '' is the rare blockbuster that will leave a bruise .
Dunkirk is an impressionist masterpiece .
Pure sensory experience ; incredible visuals , intense battles .
The story of a miracle should have been thrilling ; but given the non-linear approach , `` Dunkirk '' lacks the kind of center that would prompt the audience to stand up and cheer .
Nolan 's feat is undeniable : He 's made an immersive war movie that celebrates the good of mankind while also making it clear that no victory is without sacrifice .
The war movie as sensory overload , and the opposite of a Wikipedia movie .
Great directors make Great Pictures .

@highlight

Dunkirk serves up emotionally satisfying spectacle , delivered by a writer-director in full command of his craft and brought to life by a gifted ensemble cast that honors the fact-based story .