Frightful fun for tweens and up .
I suspect , and hope that `` Monster House '' will become a Halloween classic , because it 's too fun to be forgotten .
`` Monster House '' may well be the first mainstream animated exploitation movie .
A good laugh and technologically fascinating .
-LSB- Has -RSB- its moments of both scares and laughs .
It 's too dark for the kiddies , while not having enough of an adult flavor to reach an older audience .
The most troubling element of the film is its conclusion ... which comes to rather alarming conclusions about how to deal with a resentful social outcast .
Delivers the freaky/funny goods for audiences of all ages .
A plodding and unimaginative screenplay .
A cleverly conceived , kid-friendly horror flick with a lot going for it , mixing clever asides in a thrill-a-minute roller coaster ride on the way to a finale with a satisfying send-off .
Monster House does n't give specifics about when it takes place , but I swear it must be the ' 80 's .
The best animated film of 2006 .
A visual treat , with characters that look like caricatures and a house that 's as much of a monster as anything Hollywood has given us .
full review in Greek
Set on Halloween , the script is original and nicely creepy , even when the boys are joined by a redhead named Jenny .
In an era of meticulously muggy , corporate-vetted movies designed to launch possible franchises before the first film has even released , Monster House plays pleasingly to audiences of almost any age , driven by a strong sense of wonderment .
A rich , layered and often funny script , with some decent scares , as well as some knowing , hip scenes that satisfy with their edgy moments and lines .
... amid the technical dazzle , the spunky juvenile protagonists give the film an unlikely anchor .
Monster House may look like the sort of movie that is more or less safe for little kids , but the humour gets a little crude in places .
Here 's a conundrum : an animated movie that is pitched at kids but is far more suitable for teenagers and adults .
From his brilliantly twisted vision of the house itself to the casting of the voice actors for this film , Kenan could n't have done a better job for his frosh film effort .
This is not only going to make the little ones jump , but it made a few big ones -LRB- like me -RRB- jump , too ! It 's scary
Unfortunately , I do n't think it 's going to be a monster hit .
The last act ends up marring what up to that point has been an above-average kiddie adventure .
So fresh , innovative and fun , you ca n't believe it was n't written by Brad Bird and directed by Robert Zemeckis .
Newfangled technology providing old-fashioned frights . Maybe these folks are on to something .
One of the best animated movies of the past couple of years and the most enjoyable family entertainment of recent months .
Un susto animado digno de risas y una cinta imprescindible más para el almanaque de noche de brujas .
A scary , sharp , funny movie , this is the best kids ' flick of the year so far .
It may be a tad too scary for the very young but for everyone else this is a frighteningly good movie .
While certain elements of Monster House might be too scary for very small children it is unquestionably worth seeing . With stunning animation , loveable characters and a witty script this is the best children 's film of the year so far .
n the pantheon of CGI films , it 's one of the most adult-orientated animations yet . I do n't need to tell you that the kids in the screening were enamoured from start to finish .
A bracingly icy breath of fresh air , a tween-oriented family film that is unabashedly out to frighten ... an excursion into primal fears of places you do n't want to walk past at night .
While it might not bring the house down , there 's enough here to suggest this Monster wo n't be moving out of cinemas any time soon .
Monster House , a CG-animated horror comedy , has the kind of freaky-fun imagery that goes directly to the heart of your inner child .
Am I the only one wondering why `` Monster House '' was n't released at Halloween ?
... too intense for children ... too dull for adults ... why was n't this a LIVE feature film ?
A decent dark animated picture with some fun , some scares and some neat interaction between the three lead characters .
In a lovely neighbourhood there is a very old and dilapidated house that eats anything that lands on its property .
-LRB- Monster House -RRB- ... is a Goonies to get lost in , an amiable adventure yarn that has action and atmosphere to burn .
The basic story is very similar to a recent animated film called `` Howl 's Moving Castle . ''
... an often beguiling piece of computer animation that could nonetheless benefit from a gentler touch .
This does n't have a clear target audience in mind .
Creepy in more ways than one : The ` performance capture ' technology still results in animated human characters who look more disturbing than natural .
A new Halloween tradition ... Kenan and his crew have designed a carnival spook house thrill ride to match the best .
Monster House is crammed to the rafters with the kind of satisfying horror-lite scares that make it a perfect midsummer diversion .
What initially appears to be a straightforward haunted house tale morphs into a haunting tale about love , retribution and acceptance .
Unfurls like a campfire story sugar-infused teenage counselors would spin for frightened scouts on an overnight trip .
This daring effort is uniformly well-crafted and bodes well for director Gil Kenan 's future .
One of the best puberty-peril films since the 1980s boom , `` Monster House '' balances out its elements of Burton and boyhood to make a movie more alive with the magic of Halloween than `` The Polar Express '' was with the spirit of Christmas .
Most of the characters are cliches , but the horror shows some imagination . This is not a classic animation film , but it is a nice and sometime grizzly little horror story for kids .
I was wondering whether Summer 2006 was going to provide me with a genuine 4-star , this-is-what-I-love-about-movies experience . And then I saw Monster House .
`` Monster House '' is just a blast , expertly turning those old childhood fears about the weird house down the street into big-screen entertainment .
Ultimately , the environments are far more interesting than the humans navigating within them .
After a clever and well-constructed first half , this digital family cartoon falls apart before your eyes . When the kids finally get inside the house , it 's as if the script gets eaten alive , too .
Obviously , this is a movie aimed at pre-adolescents and not 30-something emotional cripples like me , but I felt the movie could 've been a little more ghastly .
If you 've ever been freaked out by that run-down gothic-looking house down at the end of the block , you must see Monster House . If not , go anyway .
Do n't let this one pass you by on the big-screen . It 's movie magic . The kind many of us thought died many summers ago .
A fun trick , and a real treat .
A wicked house that confiscates every toy within its reach , and kidnaps every human on its doorstep , is more fun than you know .
There are loads of priceless moments in this film .
A haunted house that 's alive , uproots itself , and storms down the street on a rampage seems a bit over-stimulating for young children .
Sometimes irreverently hip and sometimes sweet , the spooky-house tale provides the best and worst in family entertainment .
Equal parts Ray Bradbury and rickety carnival spook show , this animated tale of a carnivorous , haunted house and the band of neighborhood kids who decide to put it out of commission feels maddeningly unfinished ...
With its childhood gothic imagery and carnival freak show subplot , `` Monster House '' feels like something sprung from the mind of Tim Burton .
... a truly nostalgic reminiscence of childhood scares and dares .
owes more to Tim Burton than to the traditional Disney-style animated summer family movies
` Way too scary for tykes and far too juvenile for teens , this malevolent monstrosity falls into a pre-adolescent abyss .
This follows in the grand tradition of adventure stories with middle-school-aged heroes -LRB- and heroines -RRB- , the big , scary world of the story standing in as a metaphor for the big , scary world of adolescence and adulthood .
This usually does n't work in animation unless it 's one of those dish-plate eyed Japanese things . Even then it does n't work half the time . Which is why I 'm happy to report that this is part of the OTHER half which actually does .
The trick is that it 's a little early for Halloween , but Monster House is the treat .
strikes the perfect mix for children and adults
Monster House benefits from strong graphic design and lovely lighting , but the script is nothing to write home about .
Until this animated horrorfest turns shrill , debuting director Gil Kenan delivers enough visual goods to justify the faith of producers Steven Spielberg and Robert Zemeckis .
The house itself -- with a porch for a mouth , a carpet for a tongue and a chandelier for a uvula -- is terrifying in the family friendly way old Disney movies are terrifying , and the story packs a few genuine surprises too good to spoil here .
The storytelling skill in Monster House is n't always up to its visuals . But as a roller-coaster summer entertainment , it 's a heck of a lot more fun than Pirates of the Caribbean : Dead Man 's Chest , not to mention a full hour shorter .
The difference between Monster House and most other animated movies is a little thing called story . It actually has one , and does n't just trot out cheeky characters spewing gratuitous pop-culture references .
It 's part story and part spectacle , with the two halves being nicely balanced to offer something for just about everyone .
The haunted house concept gets an invigorating rehab in Monster House , the latest -- and highly entertaining -- animated feature from the folks who gave us The Polar Express .
While it has some spectacular set pieces and dollops of goofy , wisecracking humor , Monster House rests on such a flimsily constructed narrative framework that it starts collapsing in on itself , long before the predictably over-the-top conclusion .
The movie , by UCLA film-school grad and whiz kid Gil Kenan -- reflects a distinctive voice , one that 's needed in the ever more crowded but often less-distinguished field of feature animation .
This Monster House is a real fun house . It 's a 3-D animated kids ' film built on classic gothic horror lines , a jokey , spooky Goonies for the new millennium .
An enjoyable ride on a dark but not-quite-scary-enough-to-make-you-scream roller coaster , told in elegant motion-capture animation .
The hybrid computer animation technique used by Robert Zemeckis in Polar Express finds both better expression and a more appropriate holiday -- Halloween -- in the witty kids ' horror movie Monster House .
Surprisingly enough , puberty-stricken J.D. and Chowder actually sound like real teenagers , but the cartoony look will probably alienate real-life kids that age , and the man-eating house might be downright terrifying to younger kids .
The movie treats children with respect . Monster 's pre-teens are sarcastic , think they 're smarter than their parents and are going crazy over the opposite sex .
Trick and treat ! Halloween seems oh so far away -- until Monster House rolls out its spooky , ooky welcome mat for kids of all ages .
A grim , dark ride .
There 's no gore , no nudity and only the mildest of vulgar jokes . But this time the haunted house is n't full of clever crooks , and the scares are n't just an excuse for silly humor .
What the movie lacks in story development it makes up for in spooky thrills .
Monster House is a cute , fun and smart stroll down the universal adolescent memory lane , a sort of haunted Home Alone or a Leave It to Beaver episode set in The Twilight Zone .
Monster House , energetically directed by first-timer Gil Kenan -- takes what could have been a pretty thin story and turning it into a grand tale of daring and friendship .
It 's fun , funny , smart and even scary -- in that surreal , Gothic-style way that the old Universal horror movies such as Frankenstein were frightening .
Monster House , a frankly horrific and full-tilt hilarious family yarn about a man-snacking mansion . It 's engineered to scare your pants off , split your sides and squeeze your tear ducts into submission .
Monster House chooses not to take the interesting route , opting more often for wisecracking dialogue and bombastic effects .
Monster House tries to straddle the line between childhood and puberty to little effect ; it 's adult enough to hint at consequence , but not enough to follow through .
The result is an efficient film that never really catches fire , but satisfies along the way .
Like the books of Roald Dahl and the Harry Potter novels , Monster House does not condescend to kids , but respects their intelligence , and their ability to separate fantasy from reality .
Some of the humor is a little crude for a PG-rated film , and the material does get dark . But the animation is bright and colorful , and it looks pretty spectacular .
Kids probably wo n't mind the movie 's excesses , but even as Monster House moved toward the inevitable uplifting ending , I wished Kenan and company had toned things down a bit .
Monster House never pulls off this transit of kiddie fright to delight and back . Yet there is plenty here to dread . The movie is a creepfest . And I do n't mean that kindly .
Monster House is good fun . All that 's missing is the indelible link between good and great .
Viewers of all ages who survived the 2003 film version of the Disney ride known as The Haunted Mansion will appreciate the improvement Monster House represents in the realm of old dark houses with great big secrets .
The overall conception suggests Hayao Miyazaki 's Howl 's Moving Castle , the frenetic pacing seems as American as an apple pie in your face .
A comedy at heart but potentially a kid 's first horror movie , Monster House is a fine introduction to the young cinephile 's realization that you can have a lark in the dark .
Even at 87 minutes , Monster House overstays its welcome . The finale is an overbearingly loud chaos of splintered boards and sentiment .
Best of all , Monster House employs technology that allows for facial expressions and nuances of performance in its animated characters .
As far as 2006 is concerned , Monster House is the best animated picture I 've seen so far this year .
Monster House uses some of the same motion-capture computer-animation techniques employed in Polar Express , but in spite of its horror-movie trappings , it 's much less terrifying ...
The house is the coolest thing in Monster House , though that 's largely by default .
Monster House is the most pleasant surprise of the year and will undoubtedly wind up on a certain list of mine at the end of the year .
reminiscent of last year 's shrill ` Zathura , ' another film that could n't find the proper balance between humor and horror . ... The movie has a few nicely warped ideas that remain frustratingly underdeveloped .
a bit too scary for kids under the age of 8 years old , but provides wonderful , funny and frightening entertainment for everyone else .
Had it been released at Halloween -LRB- where it surely belongs -RRB- , you might count it as marginal seasonal fun . In the middle of summer , though , it barely registers .
It distinguishes itself as entertainment with a willingness to spill into macabre territory without losing its prepubescent sense of carefree , AM radio adventure and imagination .
Sure to give your kids nightmare . Like the best movie monsters , the monster house has a real tragedy at the heart of its backstory .
Ranks in a class of haunted house tales alongside the original Haunting and The Others . But , you know , for kids .
The final film is n't wretchedly bad , but clearly needed a lot more polish before being presented to the public .
Most viewers will see this computer-animated movie on a conventional 2D screen . That 's too bad , because , given the range of motion-capture effects and camera moves , the film was made for 3D .
With a sensibility that falls somewhere between the Stephen King and Tim Burton , this is a horror movie for kids with bite , heart and a poignant happy ending that is entirely earned and completely rewarding .
Monster House is like an amusement park ride through a fun house . It 's a great deal more fun than that other amusement park ride , Pirates of the Caribbean , and funnier than the summer 's Pixar picture , Cars .
Kids may grow up too fast today to embrace the film 's familiar message of the virtues of an unhurried adolescence , but it 's nice to be reminded of the possibility .
The film is comprehensively creepy , often funny , a little bit touching , and exciting .
Kenan never loses sight of the wonderment that children -LRB- and adults -RRB- experience when the inanimate becomes animate .
Monster House is arguably the best family film so far this summer .
One of the spooky archetypes of childhood imagination the dark , mysterious house across the street is literally brought to life in this marvelously creepy animated feature .
Monster House becomes one of those wonderfully weird adventure stories beloved of children who do n't mind getting a good old-fashioned case of the heebie-jeebies . It 's kind of a blast for adults too .
Feature first-timer Gil Kenan directs with a zingy sense of kids , comedy , fright , and visual perspective .
Monster House is an eyesore .
After a promising beginning , with some clever dialogue -- Monster House ca n't figure out where to go .
A feast for the eyes , Monster House should become a mainstay of the Halloween season .
It 's equal parts funny and frightening , and should , like its two-decades-old predecessors , turn into a slumber-party staple . But really -- you must be this tall to ride this ride .
Easily the best computer-animated feature to come from Hollywood in a long while , Monster House is also one of the weirdest .
When the fat lady finally sings -- the filmmakers turn up the volume and the visuals explode . It 's these sensations , and not necessarily the content , that might overwhelm some youngsters .
The picture is yet another entry in the if-you-animate-it-they-will come -LRB- they being parents and kids -RRB- summer sweepstakes .
The ultimate movie for 10-year-old boys .
The movie might become one day a thrilling amusement-park ride , but for now , it 's mediocre and generic kids animation tale with uneven special effects -LRB- some corny -RRB- that would have benefited from a release around Halloween , when the yarn is set .
Seems less a joyous return to innocence and more like the nightmares we have while contemplating the real-estate market .
The lone minority character is a complete fool and the onscreen kids either mock or fear the overweight , both pretty monstrous messages to send to a young audience .
Acceptable as a kids film only as a punishment tool .
Inventive , groundbreaking and engaging .
Monster House is professionally assembled and contains a good amount of irreverent fun ; as an adult , I dug a lot of it .
When all 's said and done , you wish the film had been about Nebbercracker and his girl .
No cinematic dream house , but despite flaws in design and construction , it 's worth a walk-through .
A spasmodic , cacophonous roller coaster ride .
Maintaining macabre spirit , Monster House is a happy horror film .
In this latest extravaganza from executive producers Steven Spielberg and Robert Zemeckis , millions of dollars and long hours in the digital-animation studios have produced ... a photorealistic , computer-animated , generic American suburb !
Roll out the welcome mat for Monster House - you 'll be glad you did .
The animated feature Monster House might one day become an amusement-park ride -- it 's all about synergy , you know -- but it could n't be much more fun than in its present incarnation .
the PG-rated antics suck any tension away when you become fully aware that killer houses in kids ' movies ca n't actually kill anything .
The Academy should seriously consider awarding the Best Animated Feature Film Oscar to Monster House , which is way , way better than Cars .
The camera angles are dynamic , the dialogue wry , the story crackerjack , and the direction keeps everything moving along at just the right pace
Across 90 minutes ... the experience is desensitizing and dispiriting and far too insistent .
... it 's very weird and twisted in some of the areas it goes . But it 's also just a ton of fun .
This Roald Dahl-esque tale and cornball fantasy never quite jell into a satisfying movie experience . The move feels frustratingly disjointed like that lumbering , disintegrating house storming down the street .
This is a great fantasy story , the kind of movie kids dream about in their back yards .




@highlight

Monster House welcoms kids and adults alike into a household full of smart , monstrous fun .