Hilarious true story of Thailand 's champion volleyball team that was composed of flaming drag queens
Leaves you longing for the full time whistle
Fails to dig below the surface novelty of its subject .
This is a terrific sports story . It is unfortunately something less than a terrific film .
This is still just a basic ` underdog sports team ' movie . It 's a charming one , but it 's nothing special .
-LSB- T -RSB- he film 's rather narrow target audience may enjoy this bit of silly fluff . But many others outside that group will probably find it strained and even painful .
Broad , sentimental but ultimately irresistible .
It is n't very coy , but it avoids individual stereotypes .
For all of its dubious gender archetyping -LRB- which , admittedly , does go with the prescribed cultural territory -RRB- , it 's hard to hate the film .
If you can tolerate its predictability , you may fall for Iron Ladies ' lighthearted spirit and affectionate humor .
Not since Cool Runnings , the film about the Olympic bobsled team from Jamaica , have we had a sports movie so offbeat and upbeat as The Iron Ladies .
Fun if formulaic .
The outcome is predictable , the characters irritatingly flamboyant . But you still ca n't help but cheer for The Iron Ladies .
That the movie is fun is undeniable . That it is bad is inarguable .
Spirited but sloppy .
It is , if nothing else , 104 minutes of pure , spirited , fun-filled cinematic enjoyment .
Hammers home every cartoonish cliché of recent drag comedies .
Like its spiritual cousin Big Eden , it 's a puppy insistently licking your face . You will give in .
Funny and good-natured .
Where The Iron Ladies makes its mark , and holds our interest , is in the way it integrates old-fashioned ` low ' comedy with social observation .
Queeny , corny and impossible to resist .
So predictable , cheap and clichéd , you might think it was made by Disney .
A frequently funny diversion that does n't have a mean-spirited bone in its body .
Demonstrates that filmmakers from the Far East can be every bit as manipulative and superficial as their counterparts from the English-speaking West .
Picture The Mighty Ducks or The Bad News Bears with drag-queen players and a lesbian coach , and you 've pretty much got the gist of this offensively lame game .
As flimsy and manipulative as the shallowest Hollywood fantasy in the way it presses -LRB- no , pounds is more like it -RRB- predictable emotional buttons .
The characters are likable , the story is interesting , and most importantly , it 's FUN !
We get a bunch of straight actors focusing on the ` gayness ' of their characters , mincing and lisping and melodramatically breaking nails , all in the besmirched name of tolerance .
Pick any underdog sports film and re-imagine its cast of cliched archetypes as nelly drag queens and you have the offensive Ladies in a pink nutshell .
Hopelessly dated movie about transsexuals and gays who win over the bashers through volleyball
Just because this is not an American sports movie does not mean that it 's any freer of cliché , obviousness , and sentiment .
While the result may be shamelessly short on sophistication , it 's still effortlessly entertaining .



@highlight

The sports movie Iron Ladies is as predictable and sentimental as many of its American counterparts .