Rather than relying on spontaneous shocks , the horror of A Dark Song instead lingers with you .
A Dark Song is a ridiculously strong and beautifully acted piece of work , but one that deserves a much more satisfying conclusion .
A Dark Song is a thoughtful , grounded take on the search for meaning that mixes horror conventions with things still darker , yet which strains towards a transcendental moment which a lesser filmmaker would have been afraid to contemplate .
Imperfectly realized , but still worthy of its ambition .
An instant classic , the sort of film that will make you check under your bed at night and then amplify into terror the midnight creaks and 3 am breezes that unsettle every house at times , most especially yours .
For a first feature , Gavin certainly provides plenty of anxiety-inducing moments .
I found A Dark Song absorbing and fascinating , a subtle horror tale that haunted me for weeks .
Its descent into shock and impending doom is the sort of experience that will follow you home from the theater and nest in your nightmares .
Once A Dark Song starts delving into issues like love , loss , faith , and the natural human reaction to sudden tragedy , that 's when it blossoms from a novel concept to a truly powerful piece of genre filmmaking .
A Dark Song is a beguiling terror that saves its best reveals right up until the end , the lines between good and evil , right and wrong , Heaven and Hell , hypnotically blurring until they practically no longer exist .
You have never seen a resolution like this one . You 've never seen a film like this one .
One of the most unsettling horror movies of recent years . Scary and poignant .
With a cutting soundtrack and desaturated imagery , A Dark Song is a film that is gloomy , broody , but which offers little past masculine aggression and the spectacle of feminine suffering .
Virtually a chamber piece with just two primary characters , the movie dives into the black arts with methodical restraint and escalating unease .
The two leads are resolute soldiers about it all , but they 're dutifully edgy elements in a stylist 's frame instead of fully realized characters living out what is supposed to be the riskiest time of their lives .
It 's a strong debut from Gavin , who will be a talent to watch .
Utterly original and psychologically disquieting .
So dark that at times it is unbearable to watch .
The two central performances , Cathal Watters ' claustrophobic lensing and Anna Maria O'Flanagan 's trippy cuts ensure there 's quite enough black magic .
Although Gavin makes us wait for the horror elements , they are highly effective once they arrive .
A Dark Song is uncomfortably atmospheric , a film that sucks the warmth from a room leaving you chilled and on edge . It is a dark , artful film set against an even darker canvass , and one that is worth seeking out from a director to watch .
The primary allure lies in the way Gavin keeps us guessing - is Walker imagining the increasingly creepy occurrences during her gruelling ordeal , has Oram stage-managed them or are they real ?
With the scares stealthy , Gavin 's parable draws power from the heart 's shadows : the climax may alienate some , but its audacity is earned .
The film becomes hypnotic even when a little horrible .
An artful film with psychological insight , even if the CG-heavy finale does n't quite hit home .
Positioning itself firmly at the arthouse end of horror , A Dark Song is a credible exploration of a desperately dysfunctional relationship .
A Dark Song is an incredibly astute and confident debut film from -LSB- Liam -RSB- Gavin that 's sure to spark conversation .
This ritualistic haunter is scary , the mood rarely breaks , and for once we get a horror movie with a functional character arc .
A gripping character study that succeeds because of the minimal effects and fanfare .
-LSB- Gavin 's -RSB- fearsome telling of that story is an incredible testament to the heart-chilling terror that subtlety and implication brings .
It is sublime , uncanny and in the end deeply moving - and there is nothing else out there remotely like it .
A Dark Song is magic for much of its running time , but much like its protagonist 's willingness to have ceremonial sex with a madman , it loses the plot in its final scenes .
A Dark Song is a compelling composition of occult melodies that hits all the right genre highs .

@highlight

A Dark Song offers atmospheric , unsettling horror -- and marks writer-director Liam Gavin as one to watch .