The game is full of suspense , twists and turns . The characters are fascinating . The locations , sets and costume designs are all first-rate . The story is held back by the Disney formula , but is strong enough to overcome it .
The characters model some wonderful behavior for youngsters % u2014things like tolerance , restraint , persistence , good manners , and good sportsmanship . Things that , sadly , seem to have gone the way of knickers .
I do n't want to just take their word for it ! Show me what was so special about this guy 's game !!
Greatest Game succeeds because it has enough history and authenticity to please golf enthusiasts while maintaining enough heart and human drama to appeal to the rest .
If you 're not willing to stand in the rain during a major tournament , you 're gon na get bored with these movies .
-LSB- Director Bill -RSB- Paxton 's narrative is confusing at first , but the film is entertaining overall .
Better suspense than many sports movies , in spite of clichés and anachronisms
... the film is so well made , the acting so good , the period so well captured , and the photography so captivating that it 's hard not to like it .
The Longest Movie Ever Made .
Despite the endless heart-tugging cliches and predictable storylines , Disney once again demonstrates its ability to push the right sentimental buttons in an underdog sports film .
Riddled with underdog cliches and embellishments , and lays the sentimentality on thick at every opportunity , making the emotional response feel more manipulated then genuine .
More than any such movie I remember , The Greatest Game Ever Played celebrates the ideal of sportsmanship .
The most visually and emotionally dynamic film ever made about a game of golf -- perhaps the most visually and emotionally dynamic possible film about a game of golf .
... the veteran British character actor is so good as Vardon I ca n't imagine another inhabiting the role so wonderfully . Dillane adds so many layers , so many idiosyncratic quirks , that the golfer comes to life the very first moment he takes the screen .
As a film replay , The Greatest Game is hardly that , but it 's at least a pretty good one .
A great underdog film that is absolutely stolen by the 10 year old caddy played by Josh Flitter . If you do n't love him , you have no soul .
I 'm going to bet that Bill Paxton loves golf . Because , despite his deftly directed `` Frailty , '' `` The Greatest Game Ever Played '' rolls all over the place .
not a feel-good , root-for-the-underdog movie , but a caricature of one
This charming film -LRB- editing tricks aside -RRB- , is rich in humor and period detail , and amazingly suspenseful considering we already know the outcome .
Movies about golf are seldom , if ever , ` great . '
It may not be , as the title says , the greatest game every played , but it certainly is a darn good round of golf .
A pretentious and predictable Game .
Ouimet versus Vardon probably was the greatest golf game ever played , and Paxton and Frost do it justice , but I would n't sit through another simulated hole of it for Tiger Woods 's salary .
-LRB- Bill -RRB- Paxton , wisely , has directed a movie that is more than about golf . It also is a social commentary on class and overcoming social barriers .
I know it 's all about how well they construct the journey , but I just kind of felt like , okay , we know exactly what 's going to happen here .
With winning performances , fancy camerawork and a classic root-for-the-little-guy scenario , Greatest Game tees off with the best of them .
The Greatest Game never thrills on an emotional level the way the best of sports films -- a Hoosiers , say -- can , but it 's a satisfying entertainment nonetheless .
This film is better than it has any right to be .
Working on a far larger scale , Paxton 's second directing effort is as crowd-pleasing and broad as his debut , Frailty , was gothic and disturbing .
If it were n't for professional obligations , ` The Greatest Game Ever Played ' would have been my chance for the greatest nap ever taken .
The game is reimagined by director Bill Paxton and cinematographer Shane Hurlbut as a series of grand , sweeping shots .
-LSB- An -RSB- overloaded movie .
Good acting , lush locales and snazzy special effects ca n't disguise the fact that it 's a profoundly uncinematic sport , not even in a movie about the first American to shatter the sport 's long-standing class barrier .
As sports movies go , it does n't get more exciting than this .
A sweet-natured , prettily photographed and at times genuinely exciting drama , bogged down by some thinly written characters and syrupy music .
It 's by far the most inspirational sports movie to come along in many a month .
The film will have to settle for a bogey rather than a par .
The Greatest Game Ever Played strides gracefully across a well-tended but uncrowded field : the golf film .
Like a two-legged Seabiscuit , it 's a real crowd-pleaser .
A crowd-pleasing winner .
By the time the field has dwindled to Ouimet and Vardon , it 's a match between good-guy heroes . We 'll be happy no matter who wins , and happy that it 's finally strolled to a conclusion .
A jazzy , snazzy crowd-pleasing sports drama .
The film is sugary , simplistic and riddled with cliches -- yet it still manages to absorb you in its story and even carry you with some of its emotions .
The Greatest Game Ever Played may not be quite as superlative as its title , but it spins an engaging tale of sports triumph .
The ever-swelling musical score would embarrass a Metamucil commercial .
As Ouimet strides toward the 18th green on the last day of the Open , it 's impossible not to feel the crowd 's excitement .
The Greatest Game plays like it was assembled at a screenplay factory .
If it were n't for Shia LaBeouf , the charmingly awkward young star of Disney 's Holes , we 'd be stuck with a glorified TV movie , complete with lousy CG effects and indecipherable golfing montages .
The psychological game of golf has probably never been presented better on screen . Everything else about the movie is a straight shot down the fairway , predictably pleasing by not veering off into anything too interesting .
It 's light years more watchable than the version of golf one endures on a Sunday afternoon on TV .
Unsubtle ... A disappointment for adults , -LSB- but -RSB- still qualifies as a peppy object lesson for would-be overachievers .
-LSB- A -RSB- fatally repetitive film .
This may not be the greatest golf movie ever made , but it 's head and shoulders above other recent screen treatments of the sport .
That the film works as well as it does -- or at all -- is largely due to the old-fashioned appeal of the story and its likable cast .
Undeniably great , the movie is not . But a good tonic , it is .
Even someone who ca n't distinguish a bogey from a birdie will get caught up in The Greatest Game Every Played .
Amiable in tone but hamstrung by the obviousness of a foregone conclusion .
The story 's hard to resist .
One of those great sports movies that 's not just about the sport - when an audience spontaneously breaks out in applause , you know you 're watching something special .
It manages to be surprisingly entertaining for a golf movie , but otherwise it has nothing new going on .
The warm and unabashedly sentimental tone overcomes the audience 's defenses , mostly because LaBeouf is so down-to-earth and appealing .
Slick and sassy , it 's not the greatest movie Disney 's ever made ... but it 's closer than we 've seen in a while .
... this is a fable meant to rouse , complete with swelling strings . It is n't a movie about real people at all , despite its insistence on using real names .
While the based-on-a-true-story plot is intriguing , the Disney-fication process brings it down to a third-grade level .
There 's a par for every hole , and Paxton pretty much hits exactly that -- sometimes over and sometimes under , but always close , with no surprises .
For those who believe watching golf on TV is equivalent to spending the afternoon watching grass grow , this movie will do nothing to alter your perception of the sport .
Doing justice to the sport but not entirely to the drama which suffers from choppy introductions and half-hearted class distinctions in Mark Frost 's screenplay .
could use some editing and less reliance on cliché special effects , but it is a great feel good story .
Greatest Game is a studied , thoroughly entertaining sports drama that defies all expectations , returning the honor to the game of golf , and the thrill back into movies .
Like the best fairy tales , The Greatest Game Ever Played works precisely because it is so simply told , so devoid of irony and cynicism .
The latest and least effective of Disney 's inspirational sports movies .
Predictable though it is , the picture is rousing and well paced , and the final competition is effectively suspenseful .
An affectionate ode to sportsmanship .
It 's not easy to find a movie that both Horatio Alger and Happy Gilmore would endorse wholeheartedly , but the true-life golf story The Greatest Game Every Played qualifies .
Paxton hits the ball squarely in capturing the psychology of his characters , but hooks it into the sand trap of effects and thematic overselling .
The sappy musical score , the pretty photography , the underdog hero -- it basically pillages every sports-themed film you can imagine , but lacks one essential ingredient to make it work : the heart .
The final results wo n't surprise anyone who 's seen a movie before -LRB- Disney produced , after all -RRB- , but there 's a lot to be said for the delivery .
Unless you 're already a golf fan , you may fall asleep , since two-thirds of the film is devoted to a stroke-by-stroke recap of the 1913 U.S. Open .
A fairly entertaining family film .
It 's the Fast and the Furious version of golf .
The film doggedly pursues its obsession with class , repeatedly teeing the point up and then following it like a duck hook into the rough .
The Greatest Game Ever Played is as feel-good as any sports movie you 're likely to find .
It puts its head down and plays a very strong game on the back nine , and ends up as the gripping and uplifting sports movie it was supposed to be all along .
The prospect of yet another uplifting , history-based Disney sports drama sounds like enough to make a grown man pull his head off his shoulders , but this Bill Paxton-directed golfing memoir is surprisingly easy to sit through .
Francis Ouimet 's story is a good one , and The Greatest Story may ultimately give golf films some much needed credibility .
Gets a little lost in the rough , but straight down the middle is a nice underdog story about a 20-year-old former caddy who beats the greatest player in the world .
Though hardly terrible , The Greatest Game mostly sits there limply -- it lacks the charming swagger Paxton dependably brings to his own acting roles .
Aside from the title 's hyperbole , it 's yet another uplifting , feel-good sports story that 's destined to be a perennial on TV 's Golf Channel .
Leave it to director Bill Paxton to up the ante and deliver a wholly enjoyable study of perhaps the greatest golf upset of all time .
Actor-director Bill Paxton covers a golf tournament in ways ESPN never imagined .
I am not a golf fan but found The Greatest Game Ever Played absorbing all the same .
Absolutely a formula feel good sport 's film - a natural to succeed at its goal -LRB- much like its main character -RRB- as long as it does n't choke on a stroke . You 'll feel good .
The title 's definitely an exaggeration ; this is n't a great ` Game , ' but it 's a pretty good one .
Too long ; winds up in the rough .
... as doofy , mawkish and unsubtle as the title makes it sound .
An American working-class youth takes on an immensely talented Englishman in the 1913 U.S. Open and surprises everyone .
The movie is so hungry for love that the orchestra shrieks , caps fly into the air , and the slo-mo oozes in when the lad merely forces a final play-off ... and there 's still 20 minutes to go !
An old-fashioned , heartfelt film , exquisitely constructed by director Bill Paxton . ... -LSB- It -RSB- proves how superb a film can be without a single star in its heavens .
Simply put , The Greatest Game Ever Played has no balls .
A wholesome family film with loads of mainstream appeal .
You do n't have to be a golf fan to appreciate this classy , heartfelt film .
A classic sports-underdog tale gets solid , affecting treatment .
It 's kind of like watching a chicken try to fly . There are a lot of feathers going everywhere , but it does n't seem to be getting anywhere .









@highlight

Despite all the underdog sports movie conventions , the likable cast and lush production values make The Greatest Game Ever Played a solid and uplifting tale .