Hilarious , a little scary and strangely poignant . Campbell 's cranky , valiant , sad-sack King is a soulfully funny creation .
This is a bizarre film that absolutely lives up to its insane premise ... Bruce Campbell turns in one of his most muted performances while playing Elvis Presley - it 's a testament to his range .
Despite having a fascinating set-up and an excellent turn from Bruce Campbell , Bubba Ho-Tep becomes a missed opportunity due to director/writer Don Coscarelli 's inability to take advantage of the bizarre premise .
A lot less a horror film , and much more of a film about the horrors of getting old .
A mismatched marriage of offbeat character study and unimaginative horror riffs .
Writer-director Don Coscarelli piles on unpleasant details and cynical asides as if they were the stuff of wisdom , though they seem intended to produce guffaws rather than thoughts
This absurdly clever caper is elevated by Bruce Campbell 's pensive Elvis into a moving meditation on the diminutions of age and the vagaries of fame .
Don Coscarelli still does n't know how to make cookie-cutter genre films . Let 's hope he never learns how .
Elvis is in a geriatric care centre with JFK -LRB- who 's black -RRB- and he 's got to kick some ancient Mummy ass . What else is there to say ?
Not a great movie by any stretch of the imagination , but there 's enough here to entertain even those for whom ` cult ' is a four-letter word .
There 's plenty of scatological humour and knockabout fun to get one through the slower passages .
It 's outrageous and full of novel ideas that will tickle the fancy of anyone who is stimulated by the absurd .
There may be some deeper meaning to all this madness about living beyond your prime and regret , but it just barely escapes me how it all fits in
the true horror here , far from being some middle-eastern revenant in a cowboy hat , is the indignity of disease , the anonymity of old age , and the inevitability of death
A sharply written , surprisingly moving little film with a terrific performance by Bruce Campbell .
A fiendishly funny comedy horror .
Bubba Ho-Tep tries ineffectually to be both a lyrical character study and a darkly satirical horror flick .
About halfway through this offbeat horror comedy you realise you 're watching a cult classic .
Who would have thought that such a far-out B-movie premise could result in this sharply directed , wonderfully acted , and laugh-out-loud-funny tale of courage and redemption ?
Simply too cool .
Actually pretty quiet and could be considered seriously pensive if it was n't for its inherent goofiness .
Hey , Bruce Campbell - thank you . Thank you very much .
Fry up a peanut butter and ` nana sandwich , hop in your Cadillac and take one last ride with the King .
The premise is loopy enough to offer some diversion .
Um Elvis Presley senil e um JFK negro e idoso enfrentando uma múmia que suga as almas de velhinhos pelo ânus ? Incrível , mas aí está uma premissa que rendeu um grande filme .
The results , in the hands of writer-director - producer Don Coscarelli , are as uniquely wonderful and hilariously entertaining as the premise .
Coscarelli goes beyond the traditional cult status , opting for something that is fun and deep . At least there 's times where it 's like that .
The moment the plot takes hold , this most likable film unmercifully dies .
A trenchant film about getting old in America , it has a lot to say about how we condescend to the elderly -- driving points home with subversive pop iconography .
It passes the time pleasantly enough , but it 's less funny than a comedy and less scary than a monster movie .
Campbell does a decent Elvis impersonation -LRB- thang you very much -RRB- , but the rest of Coscarelli 's goofy script feels like it crawled out of a B-movie crypt .
Coscarelli 's wacky weirdness is too clever by half , and the hi-def video look is not a pleasure to behold .
It 's no less implausible than half the mainstream films and it 's funny enough to pass muster , even if it fails to be sufficiently frightening .
It gets by on a kind of demented charm .
It 's a blast , thank you very much .
Coscarelli 's pacing pokes along like Elvis in his walker , and the horror finale is slow and pointless .
Silly , but it tells us more about courage than many highly-touted movies this year , including ` Cold Mountain ' and ` The Last Samurai . '
Neither particularly funny nor scary , but tiresome .
In the end , what keeps it going is not the story but the delicious relationship between Elvis and JFK .
Hail to the King , baby .
Bubba has a couple of terrific performances and some major laughs , but it 's so badly paced that at only 92 minutes it seems overlong .
There 's an astonishing amount of good , solid acting .
Bubba Ho-Tep sounds more like a hip Saturday Night Live skit . Unfortunately , it also plays like a standard SNL movie , all high concept with little story .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Don carries this film with a tight blend of comedy and horror .
It 'll never happen with a movie this off the wall , but Campbell 's version of an elderly Elvis actually deserves Oscar consideration -- it 's that on-the-money real , hilarious and strangely touching .
Campbell captures the essence of a once-proud man and , for that , he deserves a thankyouverramuch from the real Elvis . Wherever he is .
Bubba Ho-Tep takes care of business , baby .
Campbell gives the best Elvis impersonation to ever be seen on film . The movie is campy , but Campbell 's performance is not , and that 's a very important distinction .
Often hilarious low-budget romp .
Bubba Ho-Tep succeeds as goofy-yet - tender wish fulfillment , offering an Elvis who tries to redeem his self-indulgent persona and become a hero . It fails as the sort of Campbell vehicle that wears out VCRs and haunts midnight-movie houses .
Bubba Ho-Tep offers plenty of tasty warped humor but does n't have quite enough comic gas to become a cult classic .
A short time spent in love with an amiable whimsy .
This movie is exactly what you would expect once you know the premise - beyond silly with equal parts quirky and dark comedy thrown in the mix .
Bubba Ho-tep may sound bizarre , but it 's a lot of fun .
Bubba Ho-Tep is lovely . It 's as sweet and endearing as a jelly doughnut . If a jelly doughnut were funny , it would be as funny as a jelly doughnut , a particularly droll one .
Does n't really get good until Elvis uses his bedpan to crush an Egyptian scarab beetle that 's ` the size of a peanut butter-and-banana sandwich ' ...
Coscarelli , who brought us four volumes of Phantasm , is a surefooted B-movie journeyman , and for Bubba Ho-Tep he 's in a generously lunatic mood .
It has the damnedest ingratiating way of making us sit there and grin at its harebrained audacity , laugh at its outhouse humor , and be somewhat moved -LRB- not deeply , but somewhat -RRB- at the poignancy of these two old men and their situation .
As disappointing as the stale routines of most Elvis impersonators .
Campbell gives another notable acrobatic performance , which is saying something for an actor who has spent the best part of his career getting knocked around by ghosts and ghouls .
Coscarelli ... ca n't quite conjure a complete movie out the concept and stretches the material until its humorous conceits repeat ad nauseum .
Campbell 's is the most believable Elvis I 've ever seen on film , and that 's counting the actual Elvis as himself in all those silly movies from the 60s .
You may never see a horror-comedy with greater resemblance to About Schmidt .
Surprisingly good as a quirky triumph of human spirit .
Beloved cult star Bruce Campbell has rarely been as good as he is here .
A low-budget comedy chiller that makes up in dog-eared charm what it lacks in fright .
It 's fun just to watch Bruce Campbell be a curmudgeonly Elvis
Coscarelli , writer-director of the logy , fatuous Bubba Ho-Tep , is trying to will a cult movie into existence -- which , of course , never works .
Elvis and JFK are in their own way like kids in the sandbox , with an imaginary world that matters more than the drab reality which boring adults are incapable of seeing past .
Kitschy , lowbrow , and aggressively low-budget ; a one-of-a-kind film experience .
Channel your own inner Elvis and check out this riotously funny film .
A king-size treat .
-LSB- Coscarelli -RSB- has a loamy gift for drive-in satisfaction .
Coscarelli gives this low-rent lunacy an accomplished visual look as well as plenty of B-movie charm .
If you can swing with the central idea and accept the production limitations as a kind of offbeat virtue , you 'll likely find this smartly silly horror comedy to be , of all things , rewarding .
A one-joke horror comedy that rarely capitalizes on its wacky premise .
The best comedy ever made about Elvis , JFK , a soul-sucking ancient Egyptian and giant cockroaches ... -LSB- but -RSB- the film ca n't sustain the humor .
Writer-director Don Coscarelli , maker of such potent cult films as Phantasm and The Beastmaster , fails to come up with enough incidents and action to make this overly leisurely picture the zany fun it means to be .
It keeps surprising you at nearly every turn .
a smart comedy that dares to take on the sublime and the ridiculous , succeeding on both counts with equal aplomb
Bubba Ho-Tep has everything one might expect from a movie directed by Don Coscarelli and starring Bruce Campbell
This low-key oddity stresses character over broad laughs and shock effects , allowing Campbell and Davis to develop a quirky rapport that 's a real pleasure to watch .
The movie deserves its advance cult status because of its antic humor and , of course , Campbell 's Elvis .
It 's a credit to the actors , particularly the superb Campbell , that completely preposterous material can be made strangely touching .
Done on the cheap but with great flair .
Coscarelli 's direction is appropriately subtle and poignant for such a knowingly eclectic premise ... but somehow there does n't seem to be a genuine climax .
what really gives Bubba Ho-Tep the lion 's share of its humor and heart is a damn good performance from the criminally underrated Bruce Campbell
Ho-Tep is a punch line in search of a setup .
One of the most cool and tantalizingly bizarre flicks of 2003 , this movie is n't afraid to try anything .
If you are in the cult of Bruce Campbell , go see it . If not , you may not get what all the hubbub is about . It is Bruce 's finest work .
This independent production is so preposterously creative and fun that it makes Hollywood 's sausagelike output seem even staler in contrast .
It 's the sort of sophomoric exercise that will be appreciated chiefly by viewers already convinced they love it even before they 've bought their tickets .
Cult film icon Campbell made his reputation on enthusiasm and winking self-awareness , but his bedridden Elvis is less a parody than a sad suggestion of a forgotten King .
Bubba Ho-tep is an instant cult classic - and why should n't it be ? It 's got all the elements one looks for ...
This weirdly wonderful little film looks good enough on paper , but it 's even better than the sum of its parts .
A bittersweet meditation on ageing and facing one 's mortality .
Whimsicalness , irony , and gentle good humor carry the day .
May Bubba Ho-Tep play at midnight drive-ins until Elvis indeed returns .
Bubba Ho-Tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by Bruce Campbell that does n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .
Campbell , who narrates the film in a sad , recriminatory mumble , somehow manages to make ol' swivel hips affecting , frayed pompadour and all .
It irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
It 's simultaneously hilarious and poignant , with great performances .
There are much more rewarding films to rent .
A zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded Elvis fans -LRB- but by no means all -RRB- will have fun with .




@highlight

The best movie to star both the King and JFK .