It moves with a direct clarity , introducing its ideas out loud and letting its excellent actresses move and articulate the mise en scène .
It 's easier to evoke a cinematic tradition through a few italicized stylistic tendencies than it is to convincingly fabricate a modern masterpiece of European drama through a few lines of dialogue .
Clouds of Sils Maria is a career best for Stewart , going toe-to-toe with the always formidable Binoche .
Though it 's a respectable two hours , I was disappointed when this film quietly shuttered to a stop . I could have floated on it forever .
Olivier Assayas is a master of his craft , in Clouds of Sils Maria he delivers a sublime and complex storyline that makes the most difficult of scenes seem like a walk in the park .
Clouds of Sils Maria is a lot more interesting than just being an arthouse takedown of the mainstream . Unfortunately , director Olivier Assayas is self-aware of this and his movie frequently comes across as too clever for it 's own good .
... a movie of many layers , most of which are only partly revealed .
As Valentine and Marie argue over their interpretations of the play , it sparks an ongoing discussion about youth , aging , memory , superstition and fame .
As if Ingmar Bergman were directing All About Eve .
The film is a puzzle , but one you do n't necessarily have to solve in order to enjoy it or take something away from it .
Less a narrative than a character study , it 's a sometimes-frustrating but nonetheless curious , enthralling experience seeing the very low-key American Stewart do battle with Binoche 's elegant , European diva .
Clouds of Sils Maria shows how it is not the movies that change , but how perception of art itself changes .
Olivier Assayas wrote this drama about a veteran actress facing a transition in her career after Juliette Binoche , arguably France 's greatest and certainly most ambitious actress working today , challenged him to write a film centered on women .
The result repays repeat viewing , and deserves to be considered in the same frame as Day for Night and 8 1/2 .
Lok , are we comfortable yet saying that Kristen Stewart has the potential to be one of the best actresses of her generation ? Because she may well become one of the best actresses of her generation . And Bincohe still ai n't a slouch , either .
The story is very sophisticated and ambiguous , but it is not compelling . It is very slickly made , with beautiful location shots by cinematographer Yorick Le Saux -LRB- ` Swimming Pool ' -RRB- and strong performances .
hile it shares a similar atmospheric style , pacing and pathos as his other films , it may be -LSB- Assayas ' -RSB- most complex and rewarding one to date .
Possibly the season 's -- even the year 's -- most stunning , complex film .
Though Clouds has a few welcome laughs -LRB- digs at vampire and comic-book movies , Binoche even doing a spit-take ! -RRB- , it 's a film about time and a woman 's passages through time . Each age forces a different role-Sigrid or Helena-despite her wishes .
The film treats its women with respect and insight , and the relationship of Binoche 's and Stewart 's characters has a depth and nuance almost never seen in mainstream cinema .
Intergenerational conflict is given an intriguing , satirical spin in writer/director Olivier Assayas 's new drama .
A tiresomely talky and self-consciously cerebral French film from director Olivier Assayas .
What you wo n't see coming is the nuanced and confident performance by Kristen Stewart , better known to the world as Bella the pouty vampire lover from the `` Twilight '' series .
Multi-layered complexities and stand-out performances make this a rich experience , with Kristen Stewart surprising the most .
Clouds of Sils Maria is talky and slow moving , yet the interplay of its leading women is as mesmerising as the strange weather phenomenon - a cloud bank pouring through an alpine pass - that gives the film its title .
... a challenging and deeply engaging film that 's remarkably beautiful and grounded in universal experience .
The film explores the psychology of female role-play with depth and intelligence , and the performances are outstanding -- Binoche brings her expected ethereal complexity , and Stewart cuts through her aura like vinegar through grease .
Too much talk , too little soul .
Assayas establishes a complex emotional weather system in which age and identity ebb and flow as mysteriously as the titular clouds that snake through the Engadin valley .
Moviegoers who require stories that direct the characters from A to B with the efficiency of Valentine 's misplaced road map may be frustrated , but those who embrace a ramble -- the women twice find themselves lost , literally -- may be enthralled .
Assayas implies that what transpires between the characters of Clouds of Sils Maria , between artists and art , and between art and audiences contains its own beautiful mystery that 's nourishing , maddening , and essential .
Kristen Stewart achieves the impressive feat of outshining Juliette Binoche in this rich drama from Olivier Assayas .
Though the casting of Stewart might initially have been dismissed as meta ... her performance is about as far from a gimmick as it 's possible to get ...
Binoche is reliably good but it 's Stewart who genuinely surprises , delivering a sexually-charged portrait of a girl who 's youthfully vulnerable at one moment and a whipsmart mobile-phone juggling fixer the next .
It 's a wise , playful work , that pivots on a clutch of knockout naturalistic performances from the leads ...
-LSB- Olivier Assayas ' -RSB- real genius is casting Kristen Stewart as Binoche 's harried and bespectacled personal assistant , Valentine .
It 's mature , complex and talky - Bergmanesque .
Binoche and Stewart anchor the stronger parts of Assayas ' script , but nothing can save such an ultimately unpleasant and disingenuous piece of cinema .
An intriguing Chinese box of a movie , this slightly too-clever drama unpicks the layers of identity that are concealed behind the image of a celebrity ...
Despite being set in the crazy , madcap world of show business , this narrative takes place against the placid tranquility of the Alps , forming a contrast that makes for an accomplished , absorbing feature .
Lest you assume things are going to get salacious or melodramatic , they do n't . This film is shot on an even keel , and smells deeply of truth .
A slippery , enigmatic and altogether mesmerizing film about the passage of time , and the way our ideas about art evolve according to our life experiences .
Not the promised insider 's peek but Assayas and Binoche are still a potent combo ...
It gives artistic types an easy ride but it 's a feast of rich writing and great acting . And if you 've only ever seen Kristen Stewart in Twilight movies , she is in a different class here .
Sensitively directed by Olivier Assayas -LRB- Irma Vep ; Clean -RRB- , the film is richly nuanced and full of poignant moments , a showcase of fine acting from three very different actresses .
There 's a lot to recommend but the film is so in love with its form , so consumed by its abstract artifice , that it loses its grasp on the way people actually think and feel .
An enigmatic chamber drama in the tradition of Ingmar Bergman , centred on two women who could be mirror images or aspects of a single self .
Stewart is surprisingly good .
Pitting Binoche against Stewart is a smart move , as we 're literally watching the push and pull of two generations of talent ... It 's a fascinating relationship that lingers in the mind -- just like this film .
When many films still ca n't even pass the Bechdel test , Clouds of Sils Maria feels like a revelation
A primary symbol , the Maloja Snake is a cloud formation that winds through the Alps like a colossal cotton anaconda . There 's a reason it 's called a natural wonder . It 's only natural to wonder what any of this self-indulgent silliness is supposed to mean .
Anyone seeing the film will have a contrasting viewpoint of how they determine the story 's meaning .
Even if the talky result can be frustrating with its deliberate pace , at least it makes for a gorgeous European travelogue .
Superlative performances are the reason to watch this engrossing , occasionally self-indulgent film that explores the female psyche and responses to age , self-image and changing times within the acting world
Remarkable and richly layered film examining the thin line between art and life , about change , aging , death and identity , built on splendid performances by Juliette Binoche and Kristen Stewart
Clouds of Sils Maria is perfectly enigmatic with exceptionally passionate performances from Juliette Binoche and Kristen Stewart .
I hereby abandon all pretense : There 's no way I 'll be able to dig deeply enough into everything that 's going on here until I see it at least two more times .
It meditates long and hard on questions of age , sincerity , celebrity and love , piling irony on irony . And it features a remarkably natural performance by Kristen Stewart that 's so unastounding it 's astounding .
Examines the woes of an aging actress
The nuances of the women 's interactions are a splendid thing to observe , and the beauty of these layered conversations makes the general absence of women 's unmitigated voices in film more keenly felt than ever .
Binoche , on whom the camera affectionately lingers , makes herself achingly vulnerable . Though the film feels at times a bit cloudy and enigmatic , it 's often fascinating in its juxtapositions .
Brilliant performances aside , `` Clouds of Sils Maria '' is overlong and much too self-indulgently an `` art film . '' It might have benefited from being just a bit more grounded .
What you might not expect is how grounded and strong Stewart 's performance is - not words often used to describe her as Bella in the Twilight movies .
I trust Assayas . After watching Clouds of Sils Maria twice , and taking greater pleasure in it the second time , I 'm willing to entertain the possibility that the pomposities he 's laid onto the movie might be a warning , to himself as much as the audience .
Another enigmatic Assayas portrait of women .
Essentially three different films , and each one in order is a little bit less interesting .
The clouds could be seen as writer-director Oliver Assayas ' metaphor for time , a relentless present that rolls in and wipes away any trace of what was there before .
Clouds of Sils Maria is fiendishly wise to the ways of show business , particularly the boxes in which it places women . But the film offers more than that .
The big surprise is Stewart , who gives her most grounded performance to date . With her role in this film , she became the first American actress to win a César Award .
The real star turns out to be the play itself : the early masterpiece of a now-deceased writer , a work of such mirrorlike perfection that it reveals entirely different things to different people .
It 's winding , and it sure takes time and patience , and it 's not all that clearly marked . But by the end , you 're left with quite a view .
A probing , illuminating rumination on art versus life , present versus past , and youth versus maturity , all craftily combined to invite reflection as well as admiration .
Playful and provocative , it 's a dazzler .
Astounding performances by Binoche and Stewart , in a film that keeps the viewer constantly off-balance .
Clouds of Sils Maria invites those willing to wander through the minutiae of the obsessive celebrity artist , and that may well be a barrier to entry for those who might land outside that classification .
In the end , there 's a sense that director Olivier Assayas is more concerned about making a point than telling a story .
`` Clouds of Sils Maria '' is such a gorgeous movie -- I could sit through it again and again .
A beautifully filmed , marvelously acted and totally dialogue-driven movie -- propelled by superlative performances from its three female stars , it is rich with intense characterizations that most movies do n't touch .
Stewart 's blazing , blunt , pitch-perfect performance in this film serves as a reminder she 's actually one of the best actresses of her generation .
A shining salute to actresses .
Thoughful film about aging actress has swearing , racy parts .
Clouds of Sils Maria provides three very good roles for three interesting women , each without spacesuits or superpowers .
Every layer and point of self-reference serves as a reminder that it 's upon the audience to discern significance from the material .
One watches at a politely admiring , oddly removed distance . The film , exquisitely performed by Binoche , Stewart and Moretz , remains chilly in spite of its showbiz intimacy , which may be the point all along .
Hugely affecting - and reflective and witty ...
In addition to the tremendous acting , Assayas 's direction has a novel feel , with clever fade-outs reminiscent of theater , which happen just when some bit of action is about to take place . But there are also some curious decisions .
The film glides and snakes along its path , a path we have trod before in so many other films and plays . But often it 's not where you go but how you go that matters .
There 's also something of Joseph Mankiewicz in Assayas ' taut , gnomic gab , with professional status and personal moment indicated in snappish , contemporary dialogue .
A meditation on fame , acting , aging , and acceptance , `` Clouds '' is a multilayered rapture on the subject of woman , performing . Not only does the film demand repeat viewings , it rewards them .
Director Olivier Assayas is one step ahead of the audience the whole time .
Stewart 's relaxation in front of the camera is something to marvel at . She is always present in the moment and seems unable to fake a scene .
Kristen Stewart , in what might be her best performance to date , entirely holds her own with Oscar-winner Juliette Binoche .
Assayas writes/directs this film in his typical cerebral style . Every scene is deliberate , every action premeditated , and every visual reference requires further examination .
Stewart is here as marvelous as only a natural movie star can be : she 's `` real '' yet heightened , and there 's nothing narcissistic about her intensity .
One of the film 's delights-it is more than a mere in-joke-arises from seeing Kristen Stewart inspecting her own predicament , as it were , from the outside .
Sophisticated , profound , tender and well-acted . It 's far better than the overrated Birdman .
Binoche is grappling with big themes here that must cut close to the bone -- about the process of art and reticence about aging .
... there is a lot of talk , but there is tension throughout that Assayas handles well enough , thanks in large part , to Stewart 's exceptional performance ... it might be a chick flick , but it 's a good one . It might not be for everyone , but I liked it .
Few contemporary filmmakers can touch Assayas as a storyteller - even his most enigmatic moments here will inspire lively post-screening conversations - or as a director of actors .
Assayas knows how to create an embracing sense of intimacy among his players , and this shows itself to best advantage in the many scenes between Maria and Val .
The movie , which Olivier Assayas wrote and directed , is a world of wonders , most of them cerebrally twisty and emotionally hallucinogenic .
Clouds of Sils Maria does n't set up a facile high/low contrast or suggest our mediated age is killing Real Art . It does , however , suggest that it 's real work to stay in the game as you age , whether that game is the stage or the office .
`` Clouds of Sils Maria '' is oodles more poetic and enigmatic than the term `` backstage drama '' generally encompasses .
... one of the truly great films about acting , `` All About Eve '' refracted through the lens of Bergman 's `` Persona , '' squared .
Hardly obvious but awfully careful , the feature plays an unexpectedly straightforward game of hesitancy , allowing lead Juliette Binoche the freedom to attack the role with startling vulnerability .
Olivier Assayas always makes heady , clever films , and Clouds of Sils Maria is no exception .
The three women in `` Clouds of Sils Maria '' love , talk and move , move , move , sharing lives , trading roles and performing parts . The lives they lead are messy and indeterminate , but each woman 's life belongs to her .
As stirring as Binoche is as Maria , Stewart is breathtaking as Valentine . Assayas uses the issues he parses in `` Sils '' to zero in on a personal-professional minefield that Stewart has navigated as well .
It 's a story about an aging actress ' angst-filled full-circle self-realization , one that doubles as a dissection of globe-consuming pop culture even though it 's mostly set in an isolated locale high up in the Alps .
Like aging , the mystery feels both frustrating and inevitable .
another subtext-laden drama from Olivier Assayas
Like the Alps it 's set in , `` Clouds of Sils Maria '' just goes on and on . Except in its case , there are more valleys than peaks .
It 's about all women , and the conflicting dual roles they are expected to play in life , more so than men : nurturer/fighter , mother/lover , submissive/dominant and so on .
A work of many moving parts , one to take apart and put back together again repeatedly .
Style , ambition and even title cloud the confusion at its heart .
Do n't get hung up on metaphors . Enjoy the virtuoso acting of Binoche and Stewart , and the strange and beautiful artwork Assayas has made of them pinballing around the notion of what it means to be a woman under a microscope .
`` Clouds Of Sils Maria '' swirls with provocative ideas , but they 're talked about more than dramatized ...
Kristen Stewart is allowed to make the most of her slightly bored , slightly agitated alto , rattling off a neverending stream of job offers and plans with cucumber cool .
This is the film that fulfills whatever promise Kristen Stewart has shown for more than a decade .
It 's slight and enjoyable , but falters a bit as it strains for profundity .
A haunting look at the anxieties of a profession where blurring the line between fantasy and reality is both part of the job description and a vocational hazard .
A film of countless earthly pleasures , chief among them the faces of three very different but fascinating actresses : Juliette Binoche , Kristen Stewart , and Chloë Grace Moretz .
Binoche and Stewart inhabit their characters ' complicated friendship , whether they 're doing the nuts-and-bolts , behind-the-scenes business of managing a career or getting drunk at a small casino .
A backstage drama that has all the sizzle of a glass of water resting on the windowsill , Olivier Assayas ' `` Clouds of Sils Maria '' mistakes lack of dramatic imagination for smoldering subtlety .
A heady psychosexual drama that 's steeped in dense anxieties and rich European glamour -LRB- the film was partially funded by Chanel -RRB- , Olivier Assayas 's latest finds the French auteur at the very top of his game .
Highly theatrical and diverting vehicle for a better-than-ever Juliette Binoche .
Sils Maria is a dazzling hall of mirrors , and behind each warped reflection stands Assayas , ready with a cocktail and a conversational icebreaker .
It 's a great meta-commentary on contemporary moviemaking , with Assayas making keen observations about celebrity , blockbusters , gossip culture , and the next generation of actresses .
The movie moves as slowly as the oncoming fog , but Juliette Binoche is always a pleasure to watch ...
As you 're watching , Clouds of Sils Maria feels looser and sketchier than most of Assayas 's other movies ; only afterward do you look back and realize how many intricate layers he 's packed into it .
One of Kristen Stewart 's best performances .
The result is not just an examination of showbiz for aging actress versus emerging starlets , but a treatise on how we examine and judge the fictional choices of fictional characters as opposed to the choices we make in so-called reality .
Any doubts about Kristen Stewart 's true acting potential are extinguished thanks to her surprisingly nuanced and mesmerizng performance in Clouds of Sils Maria .
Explores uneven relationships and rivalries in a manner seldom seen onscreen .
`` Clouds of Sils Maria '' is like `` All About Eve , '' only with Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz as dual-threat schemers on poor Juliette Binoche .
-LSB- Assayas -RSB- comes up with three fascinating and richly detailed women here . As a bonus , he frames them in a setting of breathtaking beauty and stimulating intelligence .
A great example of a story that indicates the relationships between actors and the people they portray .
What will come as a surprise to many of her detractors is how easily Stewart holds her own opposite Binoche .
Stewart became the first American female actor ever to win a César -LRB- France 's answer to the Oscars -RRB- for her performance . It 's deserved . She 's a revelation , reminding us that her talent has been eclipsed by Twilight for far too long .
This recalls Ingmar Bergman 's chamber dramas in the intensity and psychological complexity of the central relationship , yet the filmmaking is breathtakingly fluid , evoking a sense of romantic abandon .
An alluring film about the mysteries of human nature as conveyed in the interactions of three women .
Clouds of Sils Maria finds plenty of fertile terrain in what should be well-trod turf .
A searing satire of an antiseptic Hollywood system , a meta-commentary on `` Celebrity '' culture , a melancholic evocation on the impermanence of youth , a pensive portrait of clandestine love ...
It 's a genuine pleasure watching these two talented actresses engage on everything from boy troubles to the aesthetic considerations of superhero movies .
Even with excellent performances , Clouds of Sils Maria is overlong and obvious , reiterating tired points about acting , aging and identity without moving anywhere new thematically .
The pleasure in watching the film becomes a linguistic one as Juliette Binoche and Kristen Stewart masterfully sharpen their words and hurl them at each other like projectiles out of a blowpipe .
The director has written a rich role of a reluctant and ruefully wise observer of time . Cue the score for Der Rosenkavalier ... Travel + Leisure meets Inside the Actors Studio .
... ` Sils Maria ' threads through the peaks and valleys of weighty , interesting topics , but makes no lasting impression on them , insubstantial as a cloud .
A playful and captivating hybrid of Ingmar Bergman 's Persona , Joseph Mankiewicz 's All About Eve , and quintessentially Assayas-esque meta-mischief .
If there was ever a reminder needed of Juliette Binoche 's great and enduring talent , Assayas delivers it here .
Slyly , Assayas stages the film with an intentional staginess : even natural conversations have the ring of written dialogue , and he ends every scene with a theatrical fade to black . This is a complex , bewitching and melancholy drama ...
A multi-layered , femme-driven meta-fiction that pushes all involved - including next-gen starlets Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz - to new heights .
Assayas is a master of fluent , even sinuous , film-making .
An engaging , if rarefied inside look at the private world of a star .
The film gives us All About Eve without the bite , and Bergman 's Persona without the anguish . But it compensates with a warmth , compassion and authority of its own .
Ms. Stewart -LSB- in -RSB- the best role of her life

@highlight

Bolstered by a trio of powerful performances from its talented leads , Clouds of Sils Maria is an absorbing , richly detailed drama with impressive depth and intelligence .