The results are emotionally ingratiating and quite touching .
This amazing film of loss and discovery will change you - a rare occurrence these days .
The result is neither dull nor dutiful , nor conventionally guilt-inducing for a comfortable art house audience -- it is quite the opposite . -LSB- The Dardennes ' -RSB- films are tense high-wire acts of dramatic irony .
Seriously , enough is enough .
The movie is so quiet that everything starts to feel heightened ; the smallest motions carry great weight , and something as minor as a slammed door causes you to gasp .
A complicated unflinching look at a boy struggling to thrive in a harsh world .
The directing by the Dardenne brothers reflects their previous work : it wants to be unnoticed either for virtuosity or clumsiness , yet only virtuosos can attain this ideal .
The images speed by so fast that you hardly have time to think . But think you do . And what you think about most are all the lost and neglected children of the world .
French Loach .
The Dardennes have once again crafted a lean , efficient film that is plotted with singular purpose without hitting a false note .
Downbeat but powerful drama about childhood and love .
It 's nonetheless immensely satisfying - not least in its commitment to a child protagonist whose near-feral intensity and unthinking ingratitude make him the polar opposite of cute .
There is not a wasted shot in this stripped down , pared back fable . Yet , it accrues a deep and lasting power . You wo n't see many better this year .
It 's a powerful , well-crafted film and a striking depiction of a side of growing up few filmmakers have tried to put on film . Fewer still have captured it with this sort of honesty and emotional gravity .
-LSB- Thrusts -RSB- adults into the psychology of a child , pushing them into a confrontation with their own self-involvement .
The Dardennes smoothly shift one gear up in the film 's coda , offering a sting of humility before a flash of quiet grace . Then we 're left watching after one boy on his bike , stubbornly moving , moving , moving , a force to be reckoned with and respected .
A frank , no-nonsense drama filled with compassion for a lost soul kid abandoned by his father .
... a deeply humane movie that deserves to be compared with one of its obvious inspirations , Vittorio De Sica 's neo-realist classic Bicycle Thieves
A moving , sweet and at times harrowing tale ...
De France does a terrific job of balancing maternal instinct with matter-of-factness , in a performance that is more human than tender - and all the more powerful for it .
Unlike many films , it genuinely earns every feeling it evokes .
Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne make great movies with such regularity they can be easy to overlook , but The Kid With a Bike puts just enough spin on the Dardennes ' formula to let you feel their worth anew .
a complex interweaving of bitter reality and a deeply humane worldview that sees the possibility of redemption in even the cruelest of circumstances
A beautiful and stirring story of unconditional compassion , of emotional honesty , and -- above all -- of hope .
The Dardennes ' style resists cheap sentimentality , yet in The Kid with a Bike it yields a deeply moving examination of love as a shield .
Dardenne brothers set an orphan in search of a father
Will bad breaks break a boy ?
The film should be required viewing for everyone who has lost faith in the power of random acts of kindness .
How the Dardennes , time and again , turn gritty , mundane subjects into transcendent moments of honesty and truth is one of the great cinematic wonders .
This is a film that 's not always easy to watch , but just about impossible to forget .
It is crystal clear on at least one point : People are mysterious and beautiful , and they need each other .
Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne offer another in their remarkable succession of contemporary neo-realist dramas in this quietly devastating but gently hopeful -LSB- film -RSB- .
-LSB- It -RSB- gives obvious homage to a variety of films . ... But one inspiration shines throughout the movie ... The Red Balloon .
... the film delivers a final act as riveting as it is artistically satisfying . Not many films can claim a perfect ending . This one can .
... manages to balance a spiritual sense of grace with the earthy eye of a here-and-now realist .
`` The Kid With a Bike '' vibrates with desperation , frustration and the simple unfairness of life , leavened with glimpses of hope .
Cyril is one of the most inspiringly resilient , self-aware young characters to arrive on-screen in recent memory ...
Hunched over the handlebars , the boy 's body seems to carve a hole in the wind . And we watch as this unhappy , rejected child makes some terrible choices , some of which make us want to look away .
One of the classic international works about juvenile delinquency .
`` The Kid With A Bike '' is , remarkably , about hope - about the connections people forge when the ones they 've been given desert them .
If the film does n't sizzle as heatedly as the Dardennes ' more celebrated works , it 's nevertheless infused with the compassion and care that they seem always to bring to bear on any subject .
This film is a real gem .
Emotionally restrained yet compassionate , coming-of-age morality tale
The ending is somewhat contrived and forced , but not false , and there 's a moving moment when Cyril and Samantha , riding beside a canal one sunny day , exchange bicycles .
-LSB- The Dardennes ' -RSB- latest threads back to previous works in intriguing and satisfying ways ...
To their credit , the Dardennes portray their subjects with a minimum of sentimentality .
It seems like a fairly minor movie , although one with major emotional pull .
Remains an effective picture with a genuine feel for human behavior , unearthing a direct sense of disturbance and a few select moments of stunning psychological clarity .
The Dardennes ' quiet , naturalistic style strips this story of melodrama but not of emotion .
A film of rosy optimism it features a beguiling performance from screen newcomer doret who achieves a wonderfully natural , touching chemistry with de France .
Beyond Samantha 's hard-to-fathom loyalty , many of the plot twists are predictable and contrived .
You would n't exactly call The Kid With a Bike a feel-good movie , but by the end it certainly invites the viewer to be hopeful about human nature . Another gem from the boys .
Without diminishing the boy 's intensity or making him in any way ingratiating , the Dardennes take us into his mind , and we begin to appreciate not only his predicament but his resiliency .
Dardenne heroes are crafty and restless , down but not out , and Cyril ought to be one of their best . For whatever reason , he is n't , quite .
Compassionate , humane but never sentimental .
Simple grace is a quality rarer in modern films than one might expect , as is the yard-by-yard , in-the-trenches slog of messy human connection , absent a lot of cathartic speechifying . Both are on rich display here .
The Dardennes ' latest is one of their best , a memorable cinematic portrait of troubled youth and soul-saving charity .
The Dardenne siblings keep the story moving at a cracking pace , scrupulously avoid any syrupy sentiment , and deliver a drama that 's both emotionally wrenching and morally complex .
An organically unfolding plot and riveting performances make this Cannes prize winner searing and sad .
... never soft-pedals the treacherous byways and alternative routes that -LSB- protagonist -RSB- Cyril only narrowly avoids on his road to security and happiness .
Young Thomas Doret fills the role with natural sincerity and focus , and not a second that seems contrived .
Makes a powerful statement about the plight of unwanted children . But it also incorporates elements of melodrama , film noir , and even the fairy tale that engage our empathy and confirm the Dardennes ' great compassion .
Belgian writer/director/producers Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne capture with heartfelt verisimilitude a boy 's misplaced determination to find a father figure .
Raw but compassionate , naturalistic but compelling . If you 're looking to get into the Dardennes , this is a great place to start .
Their central characters are flawed , and often do awful things , but the Dardennnes ' world view is entirely practical .
As the movie progressed , the Dardenne brothers unwavering and unflinching eye kept me captivated .
A tragic figure in the person of an eleven year old , but a boy who never gives up .
A richly textured and human drama brimming with warmth , tenderness and pure , unadulterated poignancy .
A wonderfully human and humane story about one of those lost-and-found children who tend to slip through society 's not-so-safe safety nets .
Within its tight 87 minutes , not a lot happens , unless you count the saving of a life .
It 's minor , but powerfully so .
It 's a quietly powerful film about redemption that works on multiple levels , thanks in part to its superb performances .
As is usual in their films , the Dardennes remain both deeply interested and carefully objective . The photography and editing are unfussy and unhurried . There is no attempt to do anything but present these small fictions as simple fact .
... when they -LRB- Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne -RRB- hit the mark they create understated but deeply moving dramas that are uniquely their own . ` The Kid with a Bike ' is their latest effort and it is among their best .
A sly but finally banal update of the Italian neorealist classic `` The Bicycle Thief . ''
In an act of grand thievery , debut child actor Thomas Doret makes off with The Kid With a Bike .
A lovingly understated film from masters of naturalistic cinema .
A quietly rapturous film about love and redemption from Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne ...
No one charts the wilds of childhood more precisely than the Dardennes .
comes to its triumphs after tremendous internal struggles , unseen yet palpable at every moment .
It 's miles away from big-budget , pop-culture entertainment , but you may be surprised by its impact .
continues the Belgian writing-directing brothers Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne 's extraordinary run of charting the lives of European down-and-outers navigating difficult moral and spiritual terrain .
The Kid With A Bike feels like a companion piece to Rosetta , though it 's far less severe and more open-hearted , even borderline sentimental .
A salute to the art of empathy and the need to cultivate it in our approach to troubled kids and other outsiders on the fringe of society .
Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne return to devastating form with this compelling riff on the Italian neo-realist classic `` Bicycle Thieves . ''
The Kid With a Bike seems to unfold in a different world than that of previous Dardenne joints , one with a wider range of spiritual and practical possibilities .
The simple act of its being seems enough to constitute a kind of perfection .
A startlingly non-lovable turn for a young actor , full of irritated energy and ugly desperation , and it 's as brilliant as any child performance in the last few years .
Good enough to survive evoking Bicycle Thieves and The 400 Blows , this small story contains universal truths , told with irresistible force .
An astonishing performance by young Thomas Doret as Cyril delivers the core of this well crafted , subtle yet powerful screenplay , which has won several accolades ... challenging yet accessible , sharply observed and emotionally authentic
A heartbreaking story of an 11-year-old deserted by his dad .
Less visceral and tense than the Dardennes ' best work , but a beautifully wrought story of a troubled boy and the stranger who saves him , told with the filmmakers ' customary skill and lack of sentimentality .
... a rote , disappointingly conventional piece of work .
The film is not just in the tradition of Pinocchio and A.I. : It is a worthy successor .
one of the Dardennes ' most accessible films
oi tainies twn aderfwn Dardenne exoyne mia aisthhsh zoferoy paramythioy , kai to Paidi me to Podhlato -LRB- 2011 -RRB- thn exei pio eskemmena ap ' oles
Belgium 's Dardenne brothers make movies that remind you the most compelling stories are unfolding right outside your window , rather than in outer space , the distant past or wherever cinema usually takes us .
Brilliantly directed and superbly written , this is an emotionally gripping drama from the Dardenne Brothers with a heartbreaking central performance from young Thomas Doret .
The Dardennes ' depiction of a courageous fight for childhood boasts one of the best child performances in some time , from impressive newcomer Thomas Doret .
Intriguing , exciting , amusing , moving - and with a strong message about the way society treats the people at the bottom of the heap .
The Kid With a Bike grabs at the heart .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- In spite of its all-too-obvious machinations `` The Kid with a Bike '' touches on social ills in a direct fashion without preaching .
The Dardennes create tension out of human drama and draw believable , excellent performances from their entire cast .
-LSB- Captures -RSB- the wild , primal emotions at the heart of society and show that well-ordered republics -- and families -- run on passions that are hard to accommodate or tolerate .
Per usual , the Dardennes introduce a conflict and jump right in , with subsequent details gradually illuminating the narrative .
`` The Kid With a Bike '' comes and goes in 87 minutes , but its beauty and intensity stay with you long afterward .
The hard edges of the drama are beveled with more sentiment than the Dardenne brothers usually allow , but the drama meets their gold standard : it 's gripping , visceral and always believable .
A character study of boundless empathy . It is impossibly wise about childhood , human frailty , and moral responsibility .
The Kid with a Bike is a powerful film about compassion and forgiveness , and the tragedy of not having the capability for either .
Despite the film 's naturalistic aesthetics , the Dardenne brothers have included strong visual allusions to the lost child stories of folklore and fairy tales .
This is another gentle triumph for the brothers , and a film I wo n't easily shake any time soon .
The film is beautifully acted throughout and its essential warmth and humanity shine through every frame .
-LSB- Features -RSB- an amazingly naturalistic performance from the young lead Thomas Doret .
With customary restraint , the Dardenne brothers have added yet another exquisite entry to their masterful body of work .
The soulfulness is there , but the usual aesthetic rigor is n't , which makes all the difference in terms of their metaphysical modus operandi .
Gripping at every step of a heart-touching story , the film has a heraldic subtlety in its imagery -LRB- look how the boy 's clothes match his beloved bike -RRB- , a perfection in its pacing and a rewarded trust in its actors .
To anyone familiar with the Dardennes ' relatively small but very substantial body of work , this might sound as if it 's going over old ground - and maybe it is , but it 's still producing fresh and extremely fruitful results .
There are flaws , and yet the Dardennes ' tough , spare , almost haunted storytelling style was much in evidence .
An edge-of-your-seat emotional roller-coaster ride about ordinary people in a nondescript neighborhood , it 's sometimes terrifying , often heart-rending and completely worth it .
What 's never in doubt is the sharpness and concision of the storytelling . Not a shot seems unnecessary .
Not much happens in The Kid with a Bike , but it leaves you grateful that the worst does n't happen - with these characters , you might not be able to bear it .
I remain in awe of the Dardennes ' willingness to commit wholeheartedly to dislikable protagonists - Cyril is a sullen , selfish , almost maniacal little runt , with a cuteness quotient of zero .
Though less complex and softer than former efforts , Dardennes ' new film is an emotionally compelling , ultra-realistic coming-of-age morality tale , well acted by Thomas Doret and Cecile de France .

@highlight

Thanks to the Dardenne brothers ' typically fine direction , The Kid with a Bike is a heart-wrenching , thematically and spiritually rich drama .