Engaging economics docu encourages equality , activism .
A levelheaded , easily understandable primer on the aspects and causes of the problem . However , it does not do much to distinguish itself from similar documentaries .
Former Clinton Cabinet member Robert Reich makes his case for a kindler , gentler capitalism .
Documentaries about the economy being what they are , you might not expect much from Inequality For All , but as directed by Jacob Kornbluth , it is the Indianapolis 500 of wealth analyses .
America is a country without any `` self-admitted proletarians , '' where even the poorest see themselves as `` temporarily embarrassed '' millionaires .
Reich is a natural teacher of complex concepts : The film does n't feel like homework .
Inequality for All is intelligent , persuasive and accessible , a gentle but urgent clarion call to action .
Topical documentaries mostly appeal to the converted and are ignored by those who disagree . And `` Inequality '' probably will be no exception .
Lacks the alarmist self-importance of ` An Inconvenient Truth , ' even if the subject it investigates seems as dangerous as climate change to the country 's health , at least in the short run .
This is a curious case of liking the messenger , loving the message and yet still feeling as if you 're being too heavily sold , even if you want to buy into the product .
The trouble with Inequality is that it 's a book pretending to be a movie . Like far too many recent documentaries , there is nothing cinematic and almost nothing visual about it .
-LSB- Robert Reich -RSB- headlines this documentary in which he explains his views about the United States ' current economic woes . It 's something he manages to do engagingly and with great clarity .
Overall , this film is enlightening , entertaining and seriously alarming .
This documentary would be a rousing David and Goliath story even if its hero were n't the diminutive Robert B. Reich .
President Clinton 's secretary of labor lectures on income inequality with a refreshing lack of jargon .
The film makes no secret of its liberal political leanings and activist goals , which means it likely will only preach to the converted .
An advocacy doc constructed to make a clear political point first and function as a film a distant second .
That a documentary about economics could be so personally emotional and affecting is remarkable . And to learn from Reich in this film , as his students at Berkeley do , is a treat and a privilege .
It all ends with Reich 's students giving him a standing ovation . I felt like jumping out of a window .
Robert Reich , a secretary of labor under President Clinton , leads us through a sharp-eyed essay-meditation on the rising trend of income inequality .
Reich manages to infuse this enlightening/infuriating documentary on extreme income disparity in the United States , and the corollary marginalization of the middle class , with an optimistic spirit . One that may or may not be justified .
Any politician hoping to redistribute America 's wealth should screen it before every stump speech .
Filmmaker Kornbluth personalizes this story by using Reich 's warmth and humor to win us over and keep his presentation from becoming a dry recitation of facts .
It 's unseemly , I know , to praise a movie like this for the stand-up-comic affability of its host . But Reich 's engagingness also gives credence to the seriousness of his message .
-LSB- Reich is -RSB- a great , charismatic movie hero , and he makes you feel you 're in safe hands .
Reich is no condescending intellectual . He has no contempt for people of the opposite point of view . He even has nice things to say about Bill O'Reilly .
Reich is funny , poignant , passionate .
A cinematic listicle of misleading economic talking points .
If you like your movie stars to be smart , engaging , well-spoken , self-deprecating and Danny DeVito-size , you could n't do much better than this leading authority on economics who served under presidents Ford , Carter and Clinton .
Mr. Reich ties together his talking points with a reasonable-sounding analysis and an unassuming warmth sometimes absent from documentaries charting America 's economic woes .
The film is as much about Reich as income inequality , a topic he has written and talked about for decades . You 'll learn why he 's 4 feet 10.5 inches tall and why he became active in social politics .
If you 're looking for a streamlined explanation for the mess the U.S. economy 's in , and how we might get out , it 's as good a place to start as any .
This lively film takes a `` greatest-hits '' approach to Reich , who fears that we 're headed for another financial debacle if we do n't take a more serious approach to taxes and education .
Smart , funny and articulate , Robert Reich is the university professor we all wish we 'd had . He 's so accessible and entertaining he takes a subject that sounds soporific and makes it come alive like you would n't believe in `` Inequality for All . ''
Reich makes a strong claim and it 's attractively presented .
This timely documentary does what it is supposed to do - educate , enlighten and entertain .
Presents Reich 's position by patching together lectures from his `` Wealth & Poverty '' course at the University of California , Berkeley .
Animated charts and graphs , on-the-road interludes and humorous asides designed to show that the speaker is n't too dislikably severe about the crisis that threatens Life As We Know It .
Mr. Kornbluth 's documentary argues eloquently for such unassailable goals as investment in education and infrastructure , and complements Mr. Reich 's exposition with compelling interviews ...
If you 've read -LSB- Reich 's -RSB- wonderful book `` Aftershock : The Next Economy and America 's Future , '' the structure of his argument will be familiar to you , but the ride you go on will not .
Essential viewing , no matter how you cut it .
The woods are full of `` Outrage Docs , '' but this one is special .
Economist Robert Reich possesses a formidable intellect , an encyclopedic grasp of statistics and monetary trends , a quicksilver wit , and immense affability , making him the go-to guy when average Americans need our financial crises explained .
In effect , Inequality For All combines an intro-level college lecture -LRB- including animation and PowerPoint ! -RRB- with a financial horror story designed to frighten all the nation 's union-busters .
An engaging film that 's head and shoulders above the average talking-head parade .
Directed by Jacob Kornbluth , Inequality works by avoiding most of the political minefields that have made the economy mulch for partisan consumption .
Basically constitutes a liberal jeremiad , but it 's one presented with civility , good humor and a human face as well as impassioned conviction .
As easy as it is to be intellectually seduced by the man 's arguments , it 's also hard to avoid wishing that his own cult of personality-his jokes and his history-didn ' t dominate so much of the running time .
Robert Reich 's message to America , much like director Jacob Kornbluth 's uncomplicated film , is so simple and straightforward -LRB- you might even say obvious -RRB- that , without nitpicking , it can appear flawless .
You 're saying taxation is out of hand , and there was some sort of housing bubble too ? Go on with all this new information , please .
Watch this film - and then show it to someone who refuses to educate themselves about what the financial situation is all about .
In 90 minutes , Inequality for All does n't get far beyond Income Inequality 101 , but for those who struggle with the basics , it 's an often essential primer .
Using income tax data going back 100 years , Reich draws parallels between the crashes of 1929 and 2008 : identical concentrations of wealth at the top and the destabilization of the middle class .
Reich , who served during President Clinton 's first term , has been beating the drum on this issue for years , and makes an avuncular spokesperson .
Informative and entertaining , this documentary 's greatest strength is its star , the charismatic Robert Reich .
A well-done and enlightening documentary on income inequality in America featuring Robert Reich and his take on this deepening crisis .
This year 's best doc so far focuses on the brilliant , warm-hearted , even charismatic Robert Reich as he demolishes those who argue that inequality of wealth is no big deal .
`` Inequality For All '' may deserve its easy linkages to `` An Inconvenient Truth , '' but that may also be selling the new documentary short .
INEQUALITY FOR ALL brings politics to our doorstep and expects us to do the rest , to do our part . What 's amazing is that it inspires us to do our part , as well .
It 's still the CEOs ' fault , but this movie holds them accountable for specific actions going back to the '70s , so that gives us a lot more to make sense of than just abstract blame .
Policy wonk Robert Reich 's analysis of today 's parallels to the Great Depression is both statistics-driven and impassioned .
There are certainly lessons to be gleaned from Reich 's journey through politics .

@highlight

While it arrives in a glut of similarly themed documentaries , Inequality for All distinguishes itself with a compelling presentation of an important message , as well as much-needed splashes of wit .