The meat of the Sherlock Holmes franchise is quip-laced action , and Game of Shadows mostly delivers on that .
When the herky-jerky camera zips into the barrels of a musket or spins through the gears of a cannon , is it visualizing the mercurial mindset of the inquisitive character or merely the lack of confidence of the antsy filmmaker ?
Instead of the real Sherlock Holmes , we get some kind of psychotic , antisocial , mumbling genius who goes by the same name .
As far as fun and slickly shot action films go , A Game of Shadows delivers , though traditional fans may find themselves struggling to recognise their hero .
Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows offers the kind of action-packed Hollywood spectacle that will keep its audience riveted to the edge of their seats .
It 's all bigger and louder and so much less .
The second installment in the series , churns like a lump of moldy dough sitting in the pit of your stomach , trying ever so hard to be digested .
A welcome return for the World 's Greatest Detective Other Than Batman , and a sequel that impressively conspires to be more challenging than its predecessor .
As it stands , with its engrossing-yet-obscured-by-over-the-top-CGI plot , Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows is little more than elementary , my dear moviegoer .
The truth about this Game of Shadows and its predecessor is that neither has a story worthy of its hero . The story is not only often improbable , it is often simply impossible to follow .
The mystery and fun of the first feature is replaced with a bland miscast villain and slam-bang action nonsense , none of which is very impressive .
The overall effect is of sort of Steam Punk Toulouse Lautrec portrait , intricately designed , occasionally visually dazzling , and well-acted throughout .
The bromance nearly boils over in this messy but satisfying sequel to the 2009 feature .
I actually enjoyed A Game of Shadows more than the original . This will be entertaining for those of you who enjoyed the original and others who just will watch RDJ in anything .
If only they 'd spent the cash on a bad guy with stature , instead of taking that phrase , `` the banality of evil , '' so literally . Playing this Game might have been even more fun .
If this film is an indicator of the quality of films in 2012 I 'll be praying that the Mayans were right about this little blue planet going boom .
Unlike the 2009 hit that preceded this one there 's very little mystery to be found here , not much in the way of puzzles in need of being solved .
It 's complete trash and makes a mockery of Holmes 's vaunted deductive reasoning .
The effort to reproduce the spontaneity of the previous film 's success imbues A Game of Shadows with a weary tone of overexertion .
Dear Guy Ritchie : My name is Robin Hood . I need to be brought into today 's world of short attention spans , nonreading , and lovable , cantankerous heroes . If you can turn Sherlock into a glib , pompous ass , imagine what you can do for me .
Se volta a representar uma experiência divertida e cheia de energia , desaponta também por jamais oferecer algo de novo ou realmente interessante .
The whole movie , chock full of queer undertone , is one long sly smile-and deliciously so .
Guy Ritchie digs deep into his trusted bag of tricks and turns his patented stylised action filmmaking up to maximum wattage . Fortunately , Ritchie still manages to create an entertaining film in spite of his excessive ways .
Sherlock Holmes - A Game of Shadows does have one trick up its sleeve that makes it a worthy companion to its predecessor : the upgrading of the homo-erotic subtext to clear-as-day text .
Fans of the first film will find plenty to still enjoy especially the lightening pace , banter and camaraderie of Downey Jr. and Law ... despite an over-reliance on slow-mo .
The broader strokes of Moriarty 's plan become evident a little too easily , dropping like a grand piano rather than a penny . But the finer machinations make the story a delight .
It gives a cursory nod to intellect , a quality most other Hollywood blockbusters are all too willing to ignore .
That Downey-Law chemistry still makes this a game worth playing .
The entire story is largely nonsensical and Holmes foresees all kinds of events he could n't possibly foresee in real life , but it is all in good fun . There is plenty of comedy to go along with the drama and action .
Such a great cast . Such a bland concoction .
Source fidelity aside , the thing that really matters is that Ritchie 's re-interpretation is exciting , witty and great fun .
Those expecting something more cerebral will be deeply disappointed .
h Warner kai o Guy Ritchie apofasisan ayth th fora na sebastoyn perissotero osoys plhrwnoyne to antitimo gia na doyn ton hrwa toy titloy , se bathmo anapantexo
It feels like the fourth or fifth film in a tired franchise .
Infinitely more watchable than its predecessor , with Downey , Law and , now , Fry all on top form . Yet McAdams is sorely missed .
Same Victorian clutter , same overstuffed frames , same Guy Ritchie directorial hyperactivity .
Holmes and Watson better than ever .
... Benefits greatly from its villain , an adversary for Holmes who is his intellectual equal . In the best scenes , Holmes and Moriarty merely talk , playing out a battle of wits and showing a mutual respect .
These characters have become too smart for their own good . The never-ending banter between Robert Downey Jr and Jude Law gets tired quickly .
The production is still needlessly overlong and overblown , a far cry from your father 's -LRB- or even your cousin 's -RRB- conception of the master detective . But it 's certainly lively and has clever moments that involve Holmes ' keen powers of observation ...
Game of Shadows reminded me of nothing so much as another lackluster sequel released this year : The Hangover , Part 2 . .
Two straight man inadvertently ending up in a scenario in which they appear to be homosexual can no longer be described as the height of comedic sophistication .
That rare thing -- the sequel that is better than the original .
is as fiendishly clever as it is intricately constructed . It remains true to the original appeal of Holmes and his methods , while going as large as 21st-century CGI can go , as well as incorporating a bracing modern sensibility
If viewers go in expecting another Basil Rathbone or Jeremy Brett as a cerebral Holmes , star Robert Downey Jr. 's vigorous portrayal of the character will surely be unsettling .
As a big movie action contraption , it 's passable
It 's gone from an action franchise with identity to something mostly generic and uninspiring .
Made for those with a limited mental faculty .
Game of Shadows makes better use of director Guy Ritchie 's `` Sherlock Holmes on steroids '' concept .
A fairly good action movie but one that wastes the talents of Noomi Rapace
I ca n't help but feel that this movie is a real disservice to Arthur Conan Doyle
Oh dear . Guy Ritchie has been bankrolled to pillage Arthur Conan Doyle 's famous detective once more , despite the raspberries from critics two years ago , and is as determined to present Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson as figments of his own imagination .
Eating hedgehog goulash , a bride thrown off a train , Sherlock Holmes disguised as a chair and a naked Stephen Fry are some of the incongruous moments of Guy Ritchie 's sequel which again has little to do with Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's characters .
There 's no fun quite as shallow as the fun of watching actors goof with one another , which is pretty much the single card that A Game of Shadows has to play .
It might be pretty to look at but nobody in their right mind would be so bold as to assert that anything here has the slightest thing to do with the pipe-smoking literary detective known to the world as Sherlock Holmes .
... Jude Law and Robert Downey Jr. snipe at each other like a homoerotic odd couple , consummating their bromance through innuendo-laden banter and frantic shootouts . To be honest , without them , the movie would be a lumbering and bombastic bore .
The thing that was so prevalent in the first film -- that I found missing here -- was simply unadultered fun .
As it stands , it has more in common with the Pirates of the Caribbean sequels than its tightly plotted inspiration .
... a singularly joyless endeavor , a murky mishmash of skullduggery , ho-hum CG and formulaic cliff-hanger escapes that would have been old hat around the time of ` The Great Train Robbery . '
Can I say , I hate just about everything about this movie and leave it at that ?
An enjoyable romp , but a return to a more traditional Holmes mystery rather than a bigger is better philosophy might help the inevitable third film in the series .
hile the intrigue is persuasive and related to many of the concerns of fin-de-siècle politics and the melodramatic literature of the period , the nonstop action is very much of our current cinema .
It foolishly makes Sherlock into a James Bond action hero .
Anybody who wants to can make a Sherlock Holmes movie of their own . Perhaps it 's time someone as bright as the detective himself should do so .
A paler retread of the first film is still fun because of the chemistry between Downey Jr. & Law . With a stronger , wittier script and less emphasis on bombast , there 's no reason why there should n't be one more go .
This is not a bad film , it simply is n't very good .
The humor falls flat and the film is too long . Hopefully we wo n't see more of this particular franchise .
If you liked the first film , you should like this one as well . It plays almost like a second half of a four-hour movie , after all .
Ritchie trades cerebral detection by an acute mind for enough stunt work to make Arthur Conan Doyle think he was on a gravity-free opium trip .
More Rambo than Miss Marple ... Audiences will flock to see a dizzying swirl of furious fisticuffs , blazing gunfights , and theater-rocking explosions . Me , I 'll be home watching my Columbo box sets .
So many things not to like in this further desecration of Conan Doyle 's beloved detective , and so few to like . Among the latter , however , is Noomi Rapace .
Sherlock Holmes adds intellectual firepower with the villainous Moriarty while keeping the bromance with Watson intact .
The most disappointing film of the year : not dreadful , but falling so far from the brilliant initial film that its good points hardly matter .
Downey and Law are more like an old married couple then professional partners . If I were to liken them to another film duo , I would call them the Riggs and Murtaugh of the 19th century .
It looks and feels like the movie you initially fell in love with , yet it offers little of the pleasure or magic that won you over in the first place .
Fantastical , furious and really funny -- even better than the 2009 film which revived the Holmes franchise .
The novelty of Ritchie 's direction has diminished , but Downey 's charm has n't .
I 'm not sure how many more times Ritchie and Downey can go to this well before we tire of the whole shtick , but for now the game is afoot and we should enjoy it while we can .
Downey 's career is something of a game of shadows , but it 's one still worth playing , for now .
What you get with ` A Game of Shadows ' is a story that never runs out of steam and a pleasurable evening 's entertainment .
Downey and Law remain this presumptive franchise 's draw .
What this film really celebrates is crunch-and-thud video-game-style action , not especially well choreographed by director Guy Ritchie .
As one who could n't stand the first Guy Ritchie-Robert Downey , Jr. . Sherlock Holmes movie , I did n't mind this one so much . For one thing , I knew what I was in for ...
It does n't take a master of deduction to see that Ritchie has decided to play it too safe with this sequel .
In an act of criminal negligence , Ritchie has wasted Robert Downey Jr. in a sequel that eliminates smarts in favor of relentless headbanging .
You do n't need a deerstalker and a magnifying glass to track the subtext of this fatiguing Arthur Conan Do n't Ask-Don ' t Tell ` bromance . '
Shadows is like the cinematic equivalent to a bowl of Frosted Mini-Wheats -- the adult in me likes the thought-provoking mystery , but the kid in me likes seeing Sherlock kick a thug in the sternum .
Master sleuth returns in entertaining but violent adventure .
Downey may think this interpretation is an insight , or funny , but it pushes what was already a rude rewriting of the classic characters into eye-rolling camp . And it throws everything off balance .
For all of the dazzling -LRB- and sometimes chameleonic -RRB- costume changes and clever art direction , A Game of Shadows also lacks a genuinely emotive core .
A rare sequel that 's better than the original .
I was let down by this loud and flashy but utterly empty sequel .
`` Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows '' is an entertaining exercise that wo n't disappoint fans of The Great Detective or filmgoers in general .
Stephen Fry 's Mycroft spends almost half his screen time naked -LRB- naughty bits artfully masked -RRB- , looking for all the world as if he 's wandered across from a photo shoot for a naturist calendar .
A sequel better than the original . Was it the new writers ?
Look up ` to zone out ' in the dictionary and the definition should read : `` Normal response to watching Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows . ''
A derivative , lazy piece of hackwork that 's not even stylish enough to successfully qualify as style over substance .
While this buddy-cop action flick is probably not appealing to Holmes purists , Robert Downey Jr. 's interpretation of the character is dead-on for a Guy Ritchie movie .
While it has its moments , overall I found myself bored more often than engaged with what was occurring . That 's never a good thing . -LRB- Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
The relationships are dull , the villain never really gets any time to grow into the character he should be and the action is the only reason to tune into the film .
Like its predecessor , it 's a disappointing case of all style and precious little substance . Guy Ritchie has a flair , but he does n't have a clue .
Basically , Ritchie forgot about all the things that were appealing about the original stories and the previous movie .
Sherlock Holmes : A Game Of Shadows improves on Guy Ritchie 's previous Sherlock picture by abandoning any pretense that it 's based on Arthur Conan Doyle 's text .
He 's found a style that works , and he indulges it . The results are occasionally uninspired , but good-natured fun all the same .
This movie wants to be a horse but , even measured in box-office millions , it 's just another nag .
It 's still a decently entertaining movie , but the thrill is gone .
Something of an overlong , overblown , disorganized mess , despite being slightly better than its predecessor .
The end result is a film that is a little better than the original but still pretty much a noisy jumble
Once you succumb to Robert Downey Jr. 's exceedingly Robert Downey Jr.-ish way of playing Holmes , and Guy Ritchie 's very Guy Ritchie-esque method of directing -- you can have a fair amount of fun with it .
It 's like a big , fancy fireworks display . It does n't have any real meaning or intellectual challenges , but you enjoy watching the pretty lights .
Ritchie 's franchise - 7 % classic formula , 93 % adrenaline - is smart in a showoffy way that flatters its star as well as its audience .
Pure period action drama with a delicious camp twist ... that demonstrates Downey Jr has made Holmes as much a part of his nature , as Captain Jack Sparrow is to Depp 's .
The skill level in the script is elementary school , my dear Watson .
A sporadically entertaining jaunt .
If you want a silly , fast-paced action film to help you through the holiday , Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows will serve .
It 's a modest improvement on bad-boy director Guy Ritchie 's first tweaking of Arthur Conan Doyle 's iconic detective .
The roving narrative ... is the ultimate downfall Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows .
Pretty good : handsome , thought-through , and constructed with uncommon craft and care .
Although it runs over a few cobblestone potholes , this ` Game ' is afoot and affecting thanks to rougher narrative choices , a dynamic performance from Downey and taking a few crucial chances that pay off .
Like the first film , what holds our interest is Downey , whose vision of Holmes , if not what Conan Doyle had in mind , is arresting .
A dreary ordeal .
Generally it is a great , swaggering , globe-trotting slice of entertainment to divert and delight on a stormy winter 's night . Sometimes that is all you want from a trip to the cinema .
Thanks to the addition of a delightfully sinister Moriarty , the memory of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's iconic detective is only slightly less tarnished than in the previous installment of Guy Ritchie 's bombastic franchise .
With Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows , Ritchie put himself ahead of the film , and the film suffers greatly because of it .
A Game of Shadows keeps everything that made the first film great and improves on it .
There 's nothing here but wreckage . `` Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows '' is so ineptly made that the story is advanced solely through announcements .
If you want a Victorian-era Lethal Weapon , this Game plays well and its leads are charming .
Law and Downey remain a lot of fun to watch together , and their chemistry covers a lot of silliness .
Another flashily unorthodox update , although the story 's not quite as riveting as last time .
As Johnny Depp has done so brilliantly with his devilish Jack Sparrow , Downey has made this sly sardonic Sherlock stylistically all his own . Case closed .
Action purists should be entertained enough by the slick spectacles Ritchie chains together , set against as handsome a historical London as you 're bound to get from the movies .
The game is now afoot with Holmes ' arch-nemesis , Professor James Moriarity -- and that makes a notable difference . This time , Holmes is up against an equal , and it 's elementary indeed that muscle and firepower alone wo n't carry the day .
This new outing matches the original Sherlock in wit , action and the bromance between Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law .
The seemingly convoluted story line does manage to eventually bind together , with a wry commentary on the military-industrial complex to boot .
The chemistry between Watson and Holmes is spotty , and their banter grows tedious .
Downey Jr. continues with his hyperdriven bon mots , but there is no escaping a sense he 's going down the twisty path of Captain Jack Sparrow here . At least the rigging around him is more secure than the Caribbean .
Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows does n't rip enough yarn .
As follow-ups go , A Game of Shadows is most certainly a part two in posture and scowl , but it 's impossible to snuff out the smirking spirit of this wildly entertaining material .
`` Diminishing returns '' is a description that applies to many film series . `` Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows '' is a delicious exception .
Virtually every set-up and set-piece in this extravagantly tedious adventure is misleading , or worse , irrelevant .
It 's all great fun , and a sure bet for those seeking thrills and spills and laughs this Christmas : elementary .
The sequel reminded me a lot about what I liked about the first one . While it also reminded me that I thought the predecessor worked a little better , I find Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows more than satisfying .
Can a movie be hyperactive and lazy at the same time ? Clever and idiotic ? If the director is Guy Ritchie , the questions answer themselves .
Thanks to a faster pace , a slightly clearer plot and some unforgettable imagery , ` A Game of Shadows ' tops the 2009 film and becomes something that is selectively recommendable .
Sherlock Holmes in drag ? Please .
A huge improvement over the first one , and not just because it has things the 2009 hit did n't bother with - such as a memorable villain , a decent plot and an ending that does n't seem made up as it goes along .
There 's ... a desire for coherence and humanity in movies . This one does n't feed it .
This is Bob Downey , simultaneously playing the fool and pulling your leg , and even at his dumbest he 's semi-irresistible .
The shadow in this game is the imposing penumbra of Ritchie 's very satisfying 2009 film . It 's overt and overwhelming .
Props to `` Game of Shadows '' for having an actual Doyle-ish plot , one that rewards your investment of 128 minutes .
Sherlock 's back , in some of Guy Ritchie 's best , most bombastic work .
A movie capable of culminating in a game of chess and making that every bit as exciting as watching things blow up .
`` What do you see ? '' the gypsy girl asks him . `` Everything , '' Holmes replies . `` That is my curse . '' If Downey has a curse , it 'll be called `` Sherlock Holmes 3 . ''
You could put Will Smith in this and call it Wild Wild West Europe or Nicolas Cage and call it International Treasure .
Mindless action-film formula with the character dumbed down into an action figure for the desensitized generation .
Here , as before , part of the movie 's perversely cheeky design is that it throws away its own cleverness .
Downey is in good form , Jared Harris an able adversary and the film overall a sequel that improves on the original .
As big , loud moviemaking goes it 's not quite as devoid of charm as it could have been , and things being as they are these days , that 's saying something .
Granted , it frequently feels as though Ritchie and his protagonist are sharing the same needle , but the end result provides a worthy rush of adrenaline .
Even at its worst the movie is redeemed by the presence of two fine British character actors playing Conan Doyle regulars : Stephen Fry as Holmes 's waggish older brother , Mycroft , and Jared Harris as the fiendish Dr. Moriarty .
Hyperkinetic sequel ... with more explosions , more fights , more special effects , and more cliffhanging situations .
Downey relishes each tic and quirk , and playing the self-anointed smartest guy in any room is second nature by now . He 's a joy to watch in this role .
Robert Downey Jr. is perfectly cast as Holmes . No other actor can suggest nimble intelligence so effortlessly .
Is `` Game of Shadows '' the most pandering picture of the year ? Fo ' shizzle , Sherlock .
A sequel that betters the original by focusing on relationships and the battle between the Zen master of attention and the fiend of chaos and darkness .
Welcome to the 21st Century edition of Sherlock Holmes , a well-rounded gent as likely to flex his brawn as his brain !
Not quite as fresh as the first film , but still good fun . Jared Harris makes an ideal Moriarty .
A generic big-budget action film of mind-numbing pointlessness..Attention-deficit-disorder filmmaking that barely qualifies as a movie .
A convoluted plot . A generic adventure score . A lead performance that 's already played its best hand . What is this , a Pirates of the Caribbean sequel ?
While it has the same comical energy , it 's not quite as fun as the first go-round .
You may ponder : Would this movie actually be less aggravating with Adam Sandler in it , playing twins ?
Sometimes a sequel is simply a second helping : more of the same , and not quite as appetizing as the first round .
Aims lower than its predecessor 's modest ambition , and still misses the mark .
The thing to do , I suppose , is to set aside your memories of the Conan Doyle stories , save them to savor on a night this winter and enjoy this movie as a high-caliber entertainment .
Time and again , the film assaults the eyes with cartoonish visual trickery and deflates the story with its obvious artificiality .
Ritchie 's first Holmes adventure was refreshing in its goofy action-blockbuster approach to the character , but Shadows suffers from diminishing returns .
This is a mass appeal movie that actually appeals . Jolly good .
An improvement on its 2009 predecessor ... Hardly your father 's Sherlock Holmes , but ... an acceptable action movie in the modern mode .
If Downey Jr and Law team up for further adventures , it 'd be a smart move to emphasise the shadows over the games .
Let your eyes be dazzled and your mind be numbed .
A well-made , witty and smart movie .
What seemed clever and novel the first time around now feels stale and tired ; a lot of that has to do with the grimy , gray color scheme , which smothers everything in a dreary , suffocating sameness and saps the film of any real tension or thrills .
Robert Downey Jr. is back as Holmes and Jude Law returns as Dr. Watson . They retain the winning chemistry from the first , superior film , and that 's enough to make you soldier on through the overly stylized action .
One of the year 's most satisfying cocktails of action , comedy and drama .
Even if the adventure was n't brimming with humour , invention and derring-do , it 's Downey 's bold take on such a well-loved -LRB- and defined -RRB- literary hero that is bound to make any addition to the franchise worth a watch .
Enlivened by industrial strength chemistry between the two -LRB- male -RRB- leads and some laugh-out-loud comedy moments ...
Guy Ritchie goes for tedious commotion over cheeky comedy or cleverness in this depressingly flaccid follow-up to 2009 's Sherlock Holmes .
Big and bold and brash and blunt , Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows is never more than a stunning , mis-made moneymaker that feels like a sketch of itself .
Not as surprising as the original , but every bit as much fun : a popcorn detective movie in Victorian clothes , with high-tech action and droll humor .
Solidly stylish , sassy adventure , positioning Downey and Law as the bromance of the year .
While the pairing of Downey and Law is surprising , together they form a 19th century odd couple , driving each other crazy while proving indispensable to each other .
How Ritchie can expertly construct such set pieces as a train-bound assault , then thoroughly ruin every other action sequence with his signature self-indulgent slo-mo fetish and gratuitously stuttery editing , is an unsolvable mystery .
Some of the novelty of a fist-fighting , wise-cracking Holmes may have worn off , but this is still an exciting blockbuster that leaves you eagerly awaiting the third installment .
Lackluster screenwriting and the absence of actorly communion are breezed past with monotonous banter , as is the fleetingly visible plot .
A fitfully amusing but largely unsurprising and uninvolving action-movie-by-numbers : elementary , and not in a good way .
The sequel lacks some of the fun of the first , despite the fact that - or maybe because - it adds more explosive action .
With its cross-dressing lead , hissable villain and oodles of double entendre , Sherlock Holmes : A Game Of Shadows is the closest action cinema has ever come to pantomime - and that 's meant as a sincere compliment .
A Game of Shadows is a stronger , better realized movie that builds upon the strengths of the original and jettisons some of the weaknesses .
-LSB- W -RSB- onderfully realized relationship between Holmes and Watson -LSB- that -RSB- rejects all clichéd terms such as bromance and homoerotic ... Fresh and funny and honest and just plain goofy about their friendship ...
A notch down from the 2009 blockbuster , the second installment of the franchise may be what the fans are expecting : more of the same -- only bigger and louder .
A Game of Shadows assures us that escapism is good , that mischief must be celebrated . Holmes and Watson are happy and their escapades play out with such grace and brio that the fun is infectious .
the touches that made the first film a surprise seem to have disappeared . The Holmes/Watson relationship is now shrill , the facade of a mystery story has been chucked for a nation-hopping action adventure , and the volume has been turned up to 12 .
There 's a relaxed confidence to this Holmes that was desperately missing the first time around .
Faster , funnier and even more bromantic than the original , this far from stately Holmes delivers piping hot entertainment at a furious lick .
Much like the first Sherlock , the good work by Downey Jr. and Law is largely undone by flat humour , stilted action and a dull , breadcrumb-following plot unbecoming of Doyle 's beloved detective . The ending , though , is much better than the film deserves .
A sequel confident in what it 's about - bigger , better , funnier , without stretching the joke .
... I prefer this one because I think the villain works better , and I think they make some great choices towards the end of the film .
rewards fans of the first film without merely duplicating its choices ... it 's a solid , engaging sequel , and the right sort of antidote to the season 's stuffier competition .
This latest film featuring the sleuthing duo of Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson , as re-imagined by Guy Ritchie , is strong on romping high adventure and action and modest in terms of actual by-the-numbers detective work .
The wardrobe foolishness comes off fine thanks to Downey 's deadpan unashamedness , while the action stuff , perhaps arresting the first couple of times you see it , already seems hackneyed , mannered and overworked , an affectation of diminishing returns .
While director Guy Ritchie 's excesses and modern concessions -- among them a lot of explosions -- remain intact , the parts of this second Sherlock Holmes are considerably more rewarding .


@highlight

Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows is a good yarn thanks to its well-matched leading men but overall stumbles duplicating the well-oiled thrills of the original .