This movie was stuffy , boring , cumbersome and all around annoying to me .
oe Wright should be applauded for delivering a vividly realised Austen adap -- one which confirms Knightley has graduated from the Jackie Bisset of the ' 00s to this decade 's Julie Christie .
OMG I loved this movie so much that I have to turn in my Manly Man Club ID card now .
Pride and Prejudice is a gorgeous and well-acted adaptation .
Director Joe Wright 's filmic rendition of Jane Austin 's classic novel is sumptuous but never fussy .
za obi % u010Dnu publiku , % u010Dije % u0107e potrebe za kvalitetnim filmom zadovoljiti ova holivudska obrada knji % u017Eevnog evergrina , koja po svemu sude % u0107i nije posljednja .
Quite literally , a delightful surprise .
... the classic chick flick story long before any flick found the word chick .
full review in Greek
Luminous visuals , subtle thematic statements , and fine acting . A lovely period piece that surely will stand the test of time .
Una película irónica y romántica , con lujos de ambientación y fotografía , fiel al espíritu de la novela de Jane Austen en que se basa .
Breathes new life into characters and conversations never before quite wholly free from the printed page .
The best parts of the film are the punctuation . The moments away from all that rambling clever dialogue .
I was n't moved by the romance , but the lush art direction , pretty music and gorgeous cinematography did get to me .
I 'm not saying you should love it ; just respect it .
A aura de inevitabilidade da conclusão torna a experiência relativamente previsível , mas a trajetória até o desfecho é , sem dúvida alguma , repleta de charme .
So why should non-English majors have any interest in this sort of antique romance ? Because it actually is romantic , in a way that 's kind of charming in its absence of contemporary wisecracking worldliness .
Great adaptation of prototypical feminist tale .
It 's quite ` agreeable , ' as the fatuous Mr. Collins would say , but there 's something disturbing about a Jane Austen adaptation that uses an ampersand as an official part of its title .
Apparently , Jane Austen 's `` Pride and Prejudice '' is the book whose influence just wo n't die .
... this production is an oasis of class and style : filmmaking in the very grand manner .
-LSB- A -RSB- dapted ... by Deborah Moggach and directed by Joe Wright with as much feel for what it means to be a novel as any adaptation of one I can think of .
Pride & Prejudice is a lovely production , with spectacular estates and soft , golden hues , but it 's far from a musty affair .
Lavishly presented and tranquil in its sumptuousness ... Wright 's disciplined direction and Knightley 's high-spirited performance fortifies this profound production .
It 's a fitfully engaging romance , it 's just not Pride and Prejudice .
Adds up to an entertainment that is surprisingly transporting .
Pride and Prejudice is made fresh yet again .
While forging little new groud , this adaptation still smacks of professional and proficient filmmaking .
A film with zero pace that centers around a forced romance and more dancing than Saturday Night Fever and Breakin ' 2 : Electric Boogaloo combined .
Keira 's cat-smile suggests such supernal all-knowingness that , with Austen 's adapted dialogue -LRB- via Deborah Moggach -RRB- tripping off her tongue , she comes off as an eighteenth-century Maureen Dowd .
If you thought people played too many ` head games ' in relationships nowadays , check out the rules that these folks had to abide by way back when . It 's nuts !
A good , old-fashioned movie with a pretty star , a good heart and no cynicism
The movie ends with a scene so tender , it literally transports you to another world .
CliffsNotes version
The moviemakers are accomplished enough to make something coherent out of this tonal mishmash , but I was left with a was this trip really necessary feeling for all that .
It would be most inconvenient -LSB- to loathe this movie -RSB- since , having already seen it -LRB- thrice and counting -RRB- , I swore to love it for all eternity .
This fresh adaptation shakes the dust off Jane Austen 's early 19th-century novel of manners and gives it a good airing out .
Austen 's story about the folly of first impressions still resonates in today 's shallow think-fast society , which is probably why filmmakers keep coming back to it again and again .
Wright wastes no time in squeezing the plot into his just-over-two hours running time , but the film never feels rushed , particularly when so much of it is spent watching and waiting , as the characters come to understand the world they live in .
Director Wright and screenwriter Moggach have streamlined the author 's prose splendidly , and combined with spirited and emotional performances by the entire cast this first Pride & Prejudice of the new millenium is a three-hankie masterpiece .
A brilliant adaptation of Jane Austen 's classic romance , Pride & Prejudice has unforgettable characters , sharp dialogue , and lush nineteenth-century settings .
Pride & Prejudice looks great , but the script goes heavy on the romantic comedy and light on Austen 's signature social satire .
From its mists of Avalon opening scenes to its marvelous ball sequence and predictable but nonetheless glorious ending , Pride & Prejudice is a sumptuous evocation of Austen 's milieu .
This is a vibrant , funny film that does n't feel like a period piece . -LRB- And I mean that as a big compliment . -RRB-
An almost perfect movie .
A glorious tale with an effervescent , career-making performance by 20-year-old Keira Knightley .
The acting is so phenomenal that resisting an attraction to the characters is futile .
Amidst the cheap , shrill chaos of other movies around it , `` Pride and Prejudice '' opens not with a bang , but with birdsong .
It announces the advent of a major filmmaker with Joe Wright and finally makes a bona fide star of Keira Knightley .
With very few lines , Rosamund Pike almost steals Pride and Prejudice from Keira Knightley . ... Joe Wright 's direction is invigorating .
Dare I say that even Jane Austen herself would have delighted in the final triumph of Ms. Knightley 's quick-witted Elizabeth in this film ? Yes , I do , and all the highbrow and middlebrow cinephobes of the world be damned .
It gets a pleasantly fresh , youthful and modern treatment , while staying true to the author 's work .
Austen fans and Anglophiles will obviously love this film .
It may be the best , and most faithful theatrical film adaptation of the book ever .
Sumptuously filmed and brilliantly acted , this new `` Pride & Prejudice ' is a cinematic gem .
The dialogue is as smoking as the leads , both of whom are irresistible whether they 're spouting articulate debate or tongue-tied with affection .
The 1940 version had its flaws , too -- who wants to **** Mrs. Miniver ? Knightley is a Lizzie for our profane time .
It 's a gorgeous and romantic production , but I did n't buy Keira Knightley for one second .
... a bright and pretty film that does honor to its venerable source .
... Pride is Knightley 's proudest moment .
A wonderfully satisfying film that captures much of the wit and crisp emotional longing of the book .
Elizabeth is not supposed to be quite as stunning as Knightly is , but her performance brings out the sharp humor and willfulness of the character ...
considerably less starchy than your average Austen adaptation ; in fact , the first half of ` Pride ' features so much dancing it starts to look like the 19th-century answer to ` Saturday Night Fever . '
Wright illustrates this timeless story with grand , stirring flourishes of spirit .
Wright paints by numbers , and often forgets the shading ... Knightley is a tin Lizzie , long on looks but short on depth and ladylike grace .
Wright 's ability to evoke sympathy for even the marginal characters -- partly by exercising ingeniously economical staging to catch them in private moments -- distinguishes this Pride & Prejudice .
This production is marvelous , and I was one of the ones who thought the A & E version could n't be topped !
This is a sumptuous , highly entertaining re-telling of an old fashioned love story .
When all the obstacles between Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy are eventually removed , you 'd have to be stone dead not to have your heart melt at least a little bit .
In truth , there is little wrong with this film that would not have been excusable if it were the first version in two decades rather than six months . PRIDE AND PREJUDICE is competently made .
This is one of the better adaptations .
-LSB- I -RSB- t 's beautiful and luminous and sexy and rambunctious and suspenseful and passionate and visceral ... Oh , it 's downright exhausting just thinking about how wonderful and even necessary this movie is .
Incredible to see something so familiar reinvented so accessibly to `` mainstream audiences '' while still remaining true to the source material ; kudos to Deborah Moggach !
I just feel like I 've seen this so many times .
Comes across as prim and rigid , a feature bound by a corset .
Without the sharp edge of Austen 's language , kissy images just look mushy , and do n't do justice to golden girl Keira Knightley .
Wright mines new territory with bold casting moves , and a realistic earthy production design
This is n't your grandmother 's Pride and Prejudice but , surprisingly , it 's not a travesty of the book either .
Whether this is your first or eighth exposure to this story , you 'll find plenty to enjoy .
As bubbly and joyful as any movie you 're likely to find at your local multiplex for some time .
Matthew Macfadyen 's Darcy ... seems to have stepped right out of ` Tim Burton 's Corpse Bride . '
Sumptuous and diverting , this Pride & Prejudice is delightful , but only hints at being anything more .
As historically authentic-looking as Pride & Prejudice is , it has far more invested in emotional authenticity -- you feel engaged every moment .
Wright 's Pride is a boisterous , loud , dance-mad kind of place , full of ruddy-faced peasants , dirt and hay . The whole thing feels like it was art-directed by Bruegel on holiday .
English director Joe Wright 's fresh , vivid adaptation of Jane Austen 's much-filmed Pride and Prejudice is an eloquent reminder that times change but people do n't .
Like the classic novel itself , the movie brings a certain sadness when the end has come and there is no more to watch .
A joy to behold .
Pride & Prejudice satisfies as dreamy romance . It 's not the razor-sharp satire that Austen can be , but it 's lovely entertainment .
For the uninitiated , I ca n't imagine a better introduction to this classic .
The film is profoundly accomplished , entrenched in its period , timed with supple rhythms , cast near to perfection .
Soaringly romantic and painterly in its beauty , the film provides a lovely introduction to Austen to young fans of the movie 's star , Keira Knightley . It might even lead them to read the book .
Sumptuously produced and terrifically acted , this lively and pricelessly funny depiction of a fiery romance in Regency-era England is an across-the-board triumph .
Wright 's movie is a wide-screen spectacle , and the director uses the space smartly , filling it with details that illustrate important sociological information about its central family , the Bennets .
This is a playful Pride , cuddly and cute and all lush English pastures , stunning sunsets and regal manor homes .
Debuting director Joe Wright has peppered the film with likely faces and set it gorgeously in English shires that still have something of the savor of Austen 's dawn-of-the-19th-century world .
It 's true Jane Austen 's lush and romantic Pride and Prejudice has been adapted too many times to count , but this latest film version can take pride in being one of the best .
The film is faithful to its source material , but not in a rigid , stodgy way . It 's the rare adaptation that should please purists and dilettantes alike .
Listen up , guys , have I got a flick for you : It 's all about money , sex and slammin ' babes in saucy-wench get-ups , and it goes down in the same country that gave us Led Zeppelin and the Clash .
This Pride & Prejudice is n't minutely faithful to the book -- and for good reason -- but it is authentic where it counts : to the confused , wounded , eager hearts of its lovers .
Wright muffles the humor and drama and creates long , draggy stretches while other cast members flounder about in the wings , but Knightley forces certain scenes to spring back to life .
Joe Wright 's Pride & Prejudice is the best Jane Austen adaptation ever to hit the big screen , a thrilling piece of cinema that announces both the arrival of a filmmaker -LRB- this is Wright 's first feature -RRB- and an actress -LRB- Keira Knightley -RRB- .
Moment for moment I derived more pure pleasure from this Pride & Prejudice than any other movie I 've seen this year . It is nearly perfect .
From its breathtaking cinematography and soaring musical score to its lavish period costumes and stunning sets , this is a film that assaults the senses as it takes the viewer on a wonderful journey through the pitfalls of love .
Seeing the splendid new version of Pride & Prejudice can be hazardous to your health : There 's a very real danger of swooning .
Knightley is the best thing about this enjoyable adaptation , immediately owning the wardrobe and the words and the weather as if she were born to the manner -- and manor .
It 's all compelling , real and fresh .
It 's really in the second hour that P&P heads off in an unpersuasive melodramatic direction , signalled by a sudden overdose of piano arpeggios .
The fact that director Joe Wright and screenwriter Deborah Moggach have managed to get so much of Austen 's novel into a film that runs just a little longer than two hours is nothing short of miraculous .
Joe Wright , in his feature-length directorial debut , accommodates the genteel gauze without neglecting the well-aimed stings .
Let 's get the most pressing questions out of the way from the get-go . Yes , the latest version of Pride & Prejudice is quite good . No , it 's not great , in that 1995 A&E miniseries sort of way , but it 's very good nonetheless .
The spirit of this version feels fresher and more youthful than previous editions .
Knightley fits into Austen 's era so perfectly it 's hard to believe the actress ever wore a soccer jersey .
It 's a thoroughly enjoyable love story that 's given a fresh new look ... a movie to just lose yourself in .
The real find is Matthew Macfadyen as the aristocratic Mr. Darcy .
Director Wright has replaced Austen 's intelligence with the moony melodrama of the Bronte sisters .
Pride & Prejudice is literature come to life on the screen .
Stilted yet sentimental , the melodrama leaves one feeling more depressed than elated , and Keira Knightley is far too beautiful to be anyone 's 2nd choice .
Joe Wright has met the challenge and delivered a film that should please fans , but thrill those who miss a little heart to go along with their tea and disapproval .
I think the Bollywood version has ruined me for all other versions . Maybe Keira should have worn a purple sari .
One of the greatest love stories ever written , and at nearly 200 years old it 's aged very , very well .
It is historically evocative , visually transporting and an exuberant romantic comedy that adheres to its source while spinning its own artful energy .
... that most unusual of films - one that improves upon its golden age forebear .
A stellar adaptation , bewitching the viewer completely and incandescently with an exquisite blend of emotion and wit .
So why , in no less than five miniseries and two official film adaptations of Pride and Prejudice , have we yet to encounter a satisfying screen Lizzie ?
Wright and Moggach open the windows on P&P and let it breathe .
This Pride has more going for it than that 1940 confection , but neither is it the definitive screen version of Austen 's venerable love story .
A joy from start to finish . If this one does n't inspire a rush on bookstores , nothing will .
One of the most delightful and heartwarming adaptations made from Austen or anybody else .
Visually arresting and dramatically effective , freshly capturing the many virtues of the novel
There 's nothing wrong with the current version that trimming and less devotion to the romance-novel mystique could n't cure .
If the filmmaking is somewhat less perfect than in Ang Lee 's Sense and Sensibility , Austen fans will nonetheless delight to see their favorite characters brought to life .
A sumptuous screen adaptation of Jane Austen 's 1813 novel that gathers you up on its white horse and gallops off into the sunset .
The new Pride & Prejudice is faithful to the manners of 200 years ago , but it moves with speed and vigor , so the emotions feel as raw and modern as your last crying jag .
As with so much of this Pride & Prejudice , you wish it would never end .
If you 're in the mood for a trailer to a Jane Austen theme-park ride , it 'll do fine ; just forget about consistent adaptation , sane casting or on-target performances .
Pride & Prejudice is highbrow movie - making , in the finest sense of the term .
It 's an exuberant film adaptation of real personality -- lively , coltish , imaginatively conceived for a fluid camera .
Of Austen 's novels , none is more beloved than this one , so it 's good to see it once again brought to the screen with the pride which it deserves .
If young audiences respond to it at all -- as I am sure they will -- it will be because Wright has brought out the vigor in Austen 's romance in a way that the other adaptations I 've seen never quite accomplished .
Pride & Prejudice is wildly entertaining for a well-worn costume drama .
Knightley brings Austen 's book to glorious , pulsating life .
Director Joe Wright , working from a screenplay by Deborah Moggach , has brought both romantic sweep and rich verisimilitude to Austen 's story .
This latest incarnation of Pride and Prejudice prompts the question : why do we need another version of Jane Austen 's classic tale ?
The same old story about finding Mr. Right , but shows that if your take on the familiar tale is sufficiently deft , it can be as fresh and enchanting as Austen 's book itself .
It 's funny , but it 's mean .
They stare into each other 's eyes , and everyone in the background disappears - for just a few seconds , they are alone in the world and have taken us with them .
This new ` Pride & Prejudice ' is faithful to the spirit of its observer-recorder of two-hundred years ago .
At a time when we seem to be inundated by one gruesome , depressing movie after another , it 's reassuring to see an elegant man 's pride and a stubborn woman 's prejudice reach the lushly realized assertion that love conquers all .
A movie in which the search for love all but pulses with the excitement of uncertainty .
Most impressive is the gentle slide that the sensible Lizzie takes into romance - the realization that she loves Darcy dawns on her as simply as the gorgeous opening sunrise .
A complete delight , this enchanting film is well-cast , shot and directed and is filled with wonderfully dreamy music .
Director Joe Wright also coordinates a delightfully cohesive acting ensemble .
Will send even the stoniest hearts into a rhythmic pitter-pat .
Succeeds as a modern comedy of manners .
Any resemblance to scenes and characters created by Miss Austen is , of course , entirely coincidental .
An enchanting screen version that breathes new life into Austen 's classic novel , thanks mainly to a superb performance by Keira Knightley .
A film that 's been dipped thrice in such a deep punnet of eminence and superiority that it 's hard not to like - possibly , even love
Even the most rabid Janeites must allow that director Joe Wright , 33 , has given Austen 's novel a beguilingly youthful spin without compromising the novel 's late-eighteenth-century manners .
Writer Deborah Moggach 's adaptation is sleek but lacks the judiciousness Emma Thompson brought to her terrific screenplay for Ang Lee 's Sense & Sensibility .
A fresh take on the old story with very handsome visuals , a cured direction and top-notch performances from Knightley and most of the cast .
This uncommon film of romance demonstrates what 's possible from a classic novel . Jane Austen has n't been in such good hands since `` Sense and Sensibility '' of 1995 .
Schmaltz does n't quite eclipse the book 's critique of British class snobbery and male dominance .
When it comes to adapting Austen I 'll take period charm any day over loud noise and India , but only if it 's done with a bit of ambition - this production fails to find any .
Makes an agreeably refined accompaniment to a bucket of popcorn .
This is a near-perfect period drama .
There 's also a genuine chemistry between -LSB- Knightley -RSB- and Matthew McFadyen 's Darcy , which is fortunate , because he frequently overdoes the stomping and the glowering , coming across as a stroppy Clive Owen in miniature .
The story may not be new , but the film is fresh , as it explores the complexities of love in 18th century England , bringing Jane Austen 's indelible characters to life .
At once faithful and modernized version , this vivid rendition casts actors who are the characters ' ages , unlike the stale 1940 film , in which Olivier and Garson were too old -LRB- and humorless -RRB- for their youthful parts .
I did n't come away feeling like I 'd lost part of my masculinity . That 's good enough for me .
Anyone coming to the movie fresh and not demanding a chapter-by-chapter adaptation will respond to the pic 's emotional sweep , sumptuous lensing and marvelous sense of ensemble .
With the BBC 's 1995 miniseries starring Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle still regarded as the definitive treatment of the book , it will be an uphill struggle to win audiences to what is neither a faithful rendition nor a very interesting new interpretation .
At least these filmmakers make it properly cinematic , finely focussing the story while keeping it gritty and realistic


@highlight

Sure , it 's another adaptation of cinema 's fave Jane Austen novel , but key performances and a modern filmmaking sensibility make this familiar period piece fresh and enjoyable .