I 'm sorry , but having no mythical beasts in a film about the greatest mythical beast-slayer ever is pretty much a money-back scenario for me . I kept thinking : where are the monsters ?
` Hercules ' is a mediocre movie ; it 's not bad enough for me to say it 's a waste , but it 's not good enough to recommend it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hollywood is now officially 0-2 on Hercules movies in 2014 . The first try was just bad , but this one feels like a waste .
The climax could 've been better and while the battles scenes are n't as epic as Gladiator , the film , along with its sprinkling of tongue-in-cheek lines , makes for a fun watch .
While the action sequences are decently staged , they would have been much better if I 'd actually been able to see them , the film being shot in a gloomy murk which 3D does absolutely nothing to help .
A greatest hits of sweat-drenched , sword-slinging machismo .
The overall giddy joy of Johnson 's performance is infectious and spreads out to both his co-stars and the giant battles that fill the last third .
Director Brett Ratner 's vision to debunk all of the mythology behind Hercules is a unique one , but it ultimately paves the way for a generic and often boring film .
Johnson has a ball with the role , and there 's something to be said for the exciting third act , but that does n't make up for the sheer drudgery of the first two-thirds of the film that feature terrible pacing and very little characterization .
The movie could use more of its surprising if intermittent wit and less of its unsurprising if efficiently staged sword-and-sandal violence .
Prejudicado pela irregularidade do roteiro e por uma direção que transforma as sequências de ação em momentos de puro tédio .
It 's Dwayne Johnson , the artist formerly known as `` The Rock , '' playing Hercules , the strongman demigod of Greek legend . Movies do n't come any more basic , and straight-forward , than that .
May be a more tongue in cheek approach to the legend and anti-hero , but it works well as a breezy action adventure with a slight comic bent .
Its incredible competence prevents it even from being ironic , campy fun .
Best to skip this arid endeavor and instead watch Joel and the Bots tackle Hercules Against the Moon Men on MST3K .
Predictable adventure has lots of violence , decent actors .
Color me `` surprised '' in regards to Brett Ratner 's Hercules , an unexpectedly thrilling , smart and at times moving new take on everyone 's favorite demigod .
The preposterously pumped Dwayne Johnson confidently steps into the reinforced sandals of the legendary ubermensch for a terrific swords-and-shields action spectacle .
The film absolutely delivers in the realm of Dwayne Johnson participating in massive fight scenes and epic battles .
The result is a film of which I ca n't exactly recommend one rush out and see right away , but when one does decide to give it a shot , I think you 'll be surprised by how entertaining Hercules actually is .
Everything Guardians of the Galaxy gets right with its mix of action and comedy , Hercules botches .
Ratner has fashioned an adequate action-adventure around Johnson 's horse-heaving he-man , a hero who 's still larger than life even after the legend has supposedly been stripped away .
This movie has impressive production values and it looks great , especially in 3D . The battle scenes are well staged and there is excellent stunt work . The story is compelling and the characters are interesting .
It 's the humanising of Hercules - demi-god , mercenary and legend - as he combats betrayal , treachery and revenge , that gives this big budget spectacular an appealing point of difference .
Often dumb as a box of rocks , but still likable and fun , `` Hercules '' is an entertaining frenzy of battle action and full-on comedy .
like Clash of the Titans without titans or much clashing going on
The surprise is that -- for what it is -- it 's really not that bad . This is not a recommendation , but neither is it a condemnation .
We still have n't gotten the Hercules film we fully deserve , but this version is entertaining enough .
This is a B picture that aspires to nothing else , and it 's quite a good one . Brett Ratner directs with no particular flair , but he sets an easygoing , comfy tone , and maintains it . I look forward to the inevitable franchise .
Frenetic , fitfully fun sword-and-sandals epic , a popcorn picture that becomes a tongue-in-cheek tussle .
Johnson 's greatest foe is n't written in mythology , the Rock 's unstoppable force met the immovable object of the franchise killer Brett -LRB- I nearly ruined Hannibal Lector and the X-Men -RRB- Ratner .
With his combination of built-like-a-breeze block bulk and genial self-deprecating charm , Dwayne Johnson makes a perfect lead for this amiably tongue-in-cheek adventure .
While the end result is palpably stupid , it 's not as terrible as one might expect .
The second the film cleanly wraps up with nowhere else to go , you move about your life . Perhaps all you might question later is what his bushy beard is made from . Then you 'd have your first laugh once learning that it came from yak testicle hair .
The story is fairly straightforward , and , more importantly , so is much of the action .
Ratner , one feels , if vying to become Hollywood 's confectioner-in-chief , and this movie wo n't hurt his candidacy one little bit .
The film fluctuates haphazardly between semi-serious reverence and tongue-in-cheek camp , with no shortage of opportunities for the inevitable Rifftrax accompaniment .
`` Hercules '' is great fun and highly entertaining if you enjoy Greek mythology and action/adventure films .
`` Hercules '' has a rousing beginning . Too bad the movie did n't include more of that .
The battle scenes , though rousing , fall short of epic . But it 's reliably fun to watch - up until the brutish , smudgy conclusion ...
Watchable , fancifully staged and its fast pace makes it easy to handle , but the acting is wooden , the storytelling clunky and the incessant slaughter is less than compelling .
It simply fails to exploit its assets : an amusing , revisionist take on the mythological strongman , and the charisma of Dwayne `` The Rock '' Johnson .
`` Hercules '' heaves and grunts along , interrupted by battle scenes that are visually impressive -LRB- when 's the last time you saw someone pick up a horse and throw it ? -RRB- but emotionally uninvolving .
The movie is plagued by a split identity : It 's half-slog , half-Mel Brooks .
A big-budget misfire of a sizeable order , a visually busy but emotionally dead endeavor that wearies the viewer with endless computer generated special effects while failing to provide a scintilla of human interest .
A surprisingly satisfying blend of action , adventure and swift plotting .
Give `` Hercules '' this much : It knows what it is .
If the phrase `` Brett Ratner 's Hercules starring The Rock '' sounds like a fun movie to you , then you 'll get your money 's worth from Hercules .
A scaled down club-and-sandals movie with a good ratio of scenery-chewing to choppy-shutter-angle skull-cracking .
Hercules might seem like the perfect role for The Rock , but the movie really needs a better Dwayne Johnson .
The results are canny , fast-paced , and , for what the film attempts to accomplish , enjoyable .
An entertaining and boisterous action flick , Hercules offers a fresh take on the legendary character and his heroics .
It 's a bold take on a swords and sandals staple , yet it 's one that pays unexpected dividends .
As a take on Hercules , you 'd have to say it 's a bit laboured .
The point of leaving the Rock behind was to keep Johnson out of stuff like this and to take more risks , like the juiced-up idiot crook he played in Pain & Gain .
The best thing about Hercules may be how well it meets its goals . It 's not the definitive look at ancient Greek demigods , but it is smart , exciting escapist fare that wo n't disappoint Johnson 's fans .
This Hercules need bear little resemblance to the classical one .
Dwayne Johnson 's Hercules is n't great cinema , but it is rock solid . It is a well-made B-movie that conjures memories of classic adventures like Captain Blood and Spartacus , and more recently the Pirates of the Caribbean films .
Fast-paced , funny , and packed with - to indulge in a bit of ad-speak - eye-popping action .
You can feel your intelligence being insulted in almost every frame .
Mostly it feels like a waste of time , and not in the good way that summer hours are meant to be wasted .
Here comes the roar toward the heavens . Hell , we may not know much about art , but we know what we likes
Pulpy , self-consciously subversive , above-average summer entertainment ...
What makes `` Hercules '' a good deal of fun , if not precisely `` good , '' is the way the cast 's camaraderie carries over onto the screen .
Ratner 's sense of humor is never clever , or light , and I 've hated my share of his earlier films , but not this one .
Dwayne Johnson , perhaps the only actor around who can look superhuman and self-deprecating at once , wears the title role like a custom tailored lion skin .
Hercules is a solid popcorn film and a better than average entry this summer .
Dwayne Johnson was crafted by the Movie Gods to play Hercules . He 's spent years slaying mythical wrestlers , bodybuilding with Mark Wahlberg and protecting the children of high-ranking scientists to finally get here . And Ratner has him play it humble .
Dwayne `` The Rock '' Johnson is perfectly cast as Hercules in this lightweight , but entertaining summer blockbuster .
Hercules has no right to be as entertaining as it is .
Bloated , tonally wonky effort that hits all the summer popcorn entertainment highlights but , in the end , it feels like empty calories , lacking the spirit of power and heroism that 's defined this character throughout history .
This is a refreshingly unpretentious `` Hercules '' with human-sized heroes and villains . It 's really more like a Western - specifically , `` The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance '' with killer pecs .
Refreshing in that it never takes itself too seriously . Just a fun , ninety-minute action ride . Beautifully shot .
Idiocy and excess is rarely this much fun - but Brett Ratner 's Hercules is just the kind of macho madness that this comic book version of the myth requires when Dwayne Johnson is the chosen one .
Far more entertaining than it has any right to be , this is a big , messy blockbuster retelling of the Greek myth that thankfully has a sharp sense of humour and some surprising twists up its sleeve .
Johnson was born for this kind of kick-butt-with-a-smirk role . In one scene , he appears to throw a charging horse over his shoulder , and it somehow does n't look hokey .
Maybe you really need to be a 12-year-old boy to be absolutely thrilled by Hercules but then lots of us know one , inside or out .
It is hard to take a movie seriously when the hero is parading around with a lion 's skull on the top of his head .
With repeated themes of emotional trauma , running from your demons , and facing the consequences of your actions , Hercules is a deceptively textured and layered action movie .
There 's a mischievous smirk just under the surface of Johnson 's performance ... We spend most of Hercules vainly waiting for that playfulness to erupt .
`` Hercules '' brandishes a little smarts to go along with the spectacle . But it 's also the first Dwayne Johnson vehicle that sweats to prove to you what a mega-star he is .
A cheerfully unpretentious , mostly enjoyable throwback to the boys ' adventure movies of yesteryear ... dumb , old-fashioned fun of the sort one gets too rarely in popcorn movies today .
`` Hercules '' did right by casting Dwayne Johnson in the lead , but then lets him and the audience down . This is overpriced , distinctly unsatisfying Hollywood schlock without a trace of bite .
In exploring the power of myth to inspire men to fight , it aspires to be something more than just a lot of guys clanging swords , shields , and clubs .
Utterly generic .
-LSB- Dwayne Johnson gives -RSB- one of his least committed performances , only occasionally hinting at the wit and joy that marks even -LSB- Michael -RSB- Bay 's ` Pain & Gain . '
Herculesis a creaky bit of cheap-looking , inconsequentialfluff thatsquanders any potential and contains not a jot of passion , imagination or creativity . So , in summary , it 's a Brett Ratner film .
A turbo-charged update of the Italian sword and sandal epics that Steve Reeves and Reg Park used to make in the Sixties .
Guilty , macho , fast-paced , simplistic , testosterone-fueled fun , with plot , characters and dialogue you 'd expect from teen-friendly fare ...
The picture is a fast-paced , unpretentious action adventure with more personality than you might expect .
The always affable Johnson ably fills the sandals of this particular take on the Hellenic hero and wryly holds court over this hugely enjoyable nonsense while wearing a lion 's head apparently sure in the knowledge that it does n't look ridiculous .
It 's that sense of the economical and not-too-serious that flows from Johnson once more - think fun , not grim , bucking the current trend towards self-importance .
It 's certainly not the most memorable of films , but as a humorous blockbuster action Hercules is worth its weight in gold .
Spears , arrows , rocks rain down on us - or out at us - while the story and characterisation stand rigid in their starting blocks .
There 's just enough plot to keep the movie lurching forward , and there are plenty of battle scenes to delight connoisseurs of carnage .
The film 's a quarter-pounder with cheese . If it came without any , you 'd send it back .
If you 're looking for a Hercules film in which an oiled-up Dwayne Johnson punches a rabid wolf in the face , then step right up , you strange , strange person .
About as good as it can get for this type of picture . It 's utter tosh , but impossible not to enjoy .
The mythical Greek strongman gets a refreshingly human spin in Brett Ratner 's grandly scaled , solidly entertaining popcorn pic .
One secret Rattner refuses to divulge is whether this is a full-on spoof or whether he is actually making the film in deadly earnest .
Essentially , Hercules is a fun ride while it lasts .
With Hercules , Brett Ratner and Dwayne Johnson are out to entertain you - no more , no less . And that is just what they do .
Brett Ratner 's take on Zeus ' most ripped offspring is a bumbling , dizzy-headed chore .
By the beard of Zeus ! Brett Ratner delivers fast , fun thrills to score a sound victory over Renny Harlin 's laborious The Legend Of Hercules .
-LSB- A -RSB- cheerfully ridiculous and entertaining film ...
Grading on the Ratner Curve , this is a positive triumph . The cheesy clichés are at least passingly entertaining . You could do worse .
Print the legend ? With The Rock on board , that could 've been a lot more fun .
Strap on your swordbelt , buckle your sandals and oil up your rippling six-pack , because here comes yet another interminable , CGI-drenched mythic mish-mash with far more money than brain cells .
A stylishly made - if rather familiar - action-adventure that will keep fans of swords-and-sandals films more than happy .
Once Brett Ratner flips that switch and Dwayne Johnson is unleashed , an entertaining and surprisingly enthusiastic swords and sandals actioner is in full swing .
A picture that is easy to indulge in , and enjoy .

@highlight

Hercules has Brett Ratner behind the cameras and Dwayne Johnson rocking the loincloth -- and delivers exactly what any reasonable person reading that description might expect .