Nerds triumph in '80s comedy ; some sex , profanity , drugs .
If these guys are so smart , why do they win their final victory with nothing more subtle than a punch in the mouth , backed up by a military tank ?
It 's a gross parody of its original . And since the original was a gross parody to begin with , the whole thing begins to seem gaseous , overbright , hideously inflated , as if all the bodily function jokes were about to belch it right off the screen .
By all evidence , to make Nerds II , it took over 1,000 people with an aggregate IQ of under 1 .
This is fairly clever .
This one 's on automatic pilot all the way .
Because the cast is basically the same in both parts of the Nerds saga , the blame for the saga 's decline must be assigned elsewhere . A good bet is that the change in director and screenwriters .
One hopes that more inspiration comes to the creation of Nerds III , which already is being planned . The essence of the nerds needs to be resurrected .
The leading characters may have high IQs , but most of the humor rests a few degrees south of lowbrow .
`` Babes and brewskis '' are just not enough to carry an entire picture .
Another crazy jaunt from the put-upon geeks
The nerds ' rap number , in which they sing of nerd pride , is probably the high point of this whole endeavor .
The first was passable . This is getting painful .
has little to offer that was n't done better by the first movie
If the filmmakers had possessed an ounce of imagination , they would have invested the Tri-Lambs with true nerd-dom , and then watched them try to overcome their nerdy tendencies .
This is a movie that does n't just make you feel dumb , it makes you feel as if your head has been hollowed out and pumped full of Cheez Whiz .












@highlight

It reunites most of the original cast and rounds them up for a trip to Fort Lauderdale for spring break , but Revenge of the Nerds II : Nerds in Paradise forgets to pack enough jokes or compelling characters to make it through its 89-minute running time .