Gleeson and Fassbender are class acts who bring an ever-mounting intensity to well-written and cleverly observed proceedings that turn out to be about education , defiance and power .
On-the-nose-ness , multiplied across the film 's running time , undermines the film 's sturdy dramatic arc and absorbing local texture .
The film has some charm but it 's confused and , ultimately , unsatisfying .
Trespass Against Me feels like a missed opportunity . Be reassured though , Michael Fassbender does n't let his fans down .
Trespass Against Us is an overwhelmingly forgettable film , telling an unoriginal story with no artistic swagger that can make it feel fresh again .
Caught between tradition , suspicion and the reality of modern life , Trespass Against Us makes its point about the shackles and constraints of freedom very well .
Fassbender and Gleeson gnash through the mangled `` Cheltenham backstreet '' accent with vim and eat up one or two jaw-clenching scenes .
What sets Trespass Against Us apart is the fact that its milieu , the Traveller community , is one rarely seen outside Gypsy wedding-style TV series .
Honest yet non-judgemental , this puts the viewer in mind of Brit indie legend Shane Meadows ... and that 's no bad thing .
The story has pace and vigour , the performances are good and this is Fassbender as you 've never seen him before .
There is much to admire here , but it 's still a tale of deeply unpleasant people . You wo n't find anyone with whom to even vaguely empathise , let alone actually like .
Chad 's attempts to negotiate these two worlds -LRB- his father 's & society 's -RRB- drive the film along at a rattling pace , even as Gleeson & Fassbender , at the top of their game -LRB- in atypical rôles -RRB- , bounce off each other with amiable wit and brooding menace .
The appeal of this outlaw life speeds through your veins then . Its Gloucestershire subculture , caught in the characters ' accents , also fascinates . But the powder-keg lit by Fassbender and Gleeson 's performances putters out .
With an extra dose of attitude and energy , this Irish comedy-drama hits us like a punch in the nose , launching at full speed and never letting up .
This hit-and-miss crime drama never quite finds its feet , despite an intriguing West Country setting , some attempts at social commentary and two meaty roles for Ireland 's finest thesps , Brendan Gleeson and Michael Fassbender .
Trespass Against Us finds Michael Fassbender trying out a West Country accent that 's about as convincing as the film 's efforts to blend genre thrills with earnest family drama .
An enormously frustrating film that , thanks to smart casting and well-drawn characters , abounds in rich , gamey flavour and rough , palpable texture .
A family/crime drama with shades of Shane Meadows ' early work and a satisfying double act in Fassbender and Gleeson .
A rickety curio that wavers between whimsy and dour melodrama , it drifts aimlessly , achieving very little - much like the Anglo-Irish vagabonds the film revolves around .
It has a compelling and charismatic performance from Michael Fassbender but suffers from an identity problem .
Adam Smith 's debut feature film ... is a nuanced character study set on the wrong side of the tracks .
The accents may not be perfect , but the sparring between father and son , with violence just underneath the surface , is convincing .
While Trespass Against Us may be a familiar crime family saga at heart , the very fact that it takes place within a community we 're not used to spending time with in cinema is enough to make it feel distinctive and fresh .
In this cinematic equivalent of a heavyweight title-fight , it 's the audience that wins
When the final denouement does eventually come around , we are utterly indifferent .
It 's a film that never seems to know what to make of its characters , eventually plumping for a quirky , feel-good climax that represents yet another departure from what came before .
First-time director Adam Smith struggles to execute some crucial changes in tone , which often means sudden shifts from menacing dramatic developments to oddball moments of random comic relief can leave viewers floundering .
Gleeson 's command of his role is so convincing and his inventory of Colby 's odious ploys so imaginatively arranged that you ca n't look away .
The irony is that we are enthralled by the cast creating marvellously three dimensional characters , yet we are not really engaged by them nor care for most of them . Perhaps the result of heavily accented dialogue that 's hard to unscramble
Despite feeling a little crime-film-familiar , Trespass Against Us triumphs through its towering performances and unusual setting .
This film has neither the humour nor the extreme violence of Snatch , but it is still catches the attention .
Trespass Against Us is n't that great , but Michael Fassbender is fantastic in it . It 's worth checking out on VOD for Fassbender 's wolfish grin alone .
Uneven , violent drama about unlikable criminal family .
If palling around with a group of wastrel criminal types whose idea of fun is burning their possessions while running around shirtless chasing rabbits , then Trespass Against Us is the film for you .
Slick and superficial to the last drop .
The movie , lamely directed by first-timer Adam Smith , drifts from campground to fistfight , without much purpose or impact . The accents , thick as cold porridge , just drift .
A gritty but rather pretentious tale of father-son conflict in a backwoods British family .
A film like this needs sociological credibility , artistic distinction or , at the very least , interesting , engaging characters .
Despite some strong performances , the characters and their plight remain at a frustrating emotional distance .
Director Adam Smith does n't hit the mark with every chance he takes , but for the most part this is an admirable and successful effort .
-LSB- T -RSB- here comes a point in Trespass Against Us at which the characters start to behave in ways that seem illogical ...
Though thematically vague , thinly plotted and without a reliably sympathetic soul to cling to , the movie has a mutinous energy and an absurd , knockabout charm ; even its violence is more quirky than brutal .
`` Trespass Against Us '' can be episodic , but it locates the core of the father/son dynamic , with its uncomfortable closeness .
Generates more apathy than empathy for the small-time criminals at its center .
`` Trespass Against Us '' plays like the quirky indie-fication of the family gangster movie , its scrappiness overlaid with a patina of we 're - all-in-this-together slickness .
Gleeson and Fassbender enthusiastically feast on their meaty roles ...
Without fully fleshed-out characters worth observing in the first place , Trespass Against Us , for all the huffing and puffing of its actors , inspires little more than a giant shrug .
A scraggly and much too familiar British family drama .
An atypically sympathetic portrayal by Fassbender .
The efforts of a slumming cast dwarfed by clichés and opportunistically scattershot class pity .
While the underlying formula is as evident as the prominent Northern British accents , familiarity also heightens Trespass Against Us - as do slivers of humour .
It all boils down to the complicated relationships of fathers and sons , but with some riveting action and heart-tugging drama , Trespass Against Us ends up as thrilling must-see .
Plot threads produce no payoff , support players are little more than colourful distractions and large stretches of meandering , water-treading melodrama allow flashes of inspiration to get lost in the shuffle .
Hearkens back to superb '70s American B-movies .
As a thief trying to break away from his criminal father , Michael Fassbender ca n't act his way out of this pile of grungy nonsense .
With authentic and almost impenetrable dialogue , and performances that take the cast far from their comfort zones , this is a very strong debut .
Crime thriller or offbeat family drama ? Darkly funny or way too dreary ? Trespass has all of these elements , and ultimately , this thick stew is unsatisfying .
Moments of excitement do n't make up for what is ultimately a slow burn study of characters that are n't nearly as interesting as the movie thinks they are .
Even when Trespass Against Us slumps toward the same generational conflicts at the heart of so many recent indies , these actors refuse to reduce their characters into any recognizable archetypes .
At this point we should just accept that Michael Fassbender can play anything . In Trespass Against Us , he turns up his charisma and blunts his native intelligence , and the mixture works remarkably well .
A fantastic score by The Chemical Brothers adds some emotional heft to support flawless performances all around .
The movie does n't play on the tension between these two moods so much as tread water between them , unsure what it wants to do to the audience .
Adam Smith wastes his talented leads on a standard family crime drama we 've seen plenty of times before .
Dynamic storytelling and powerful performances bring out the pathos in an unusual tale of conflicting loyalties set on the criminal edges of a travelling community .

@highlight

Trespass Against Us benefits from Michael Fassbender and Brendan Gleeson 's typically strong performances , even when they are n't quite enough to balance the story 's narrative drift and awkward tonal shifts .