An excellent cast , story and visuals combine for an adrenaline-fueled experience . Go , Speed Racer !
It seems less a commercial strategy by the Wachowskis as a philosophical one : to incorporate as many forms of communication and color-blind ethnicity as possible , much as they did with the Matrix pictures .
Amid the overly earnest tone , -LRB- almost -RRB- squeaky-clean humor and familiar messages about teamwork and integrity is the rare film family that 's as strong at the start as they are by the end .
This is Wacky Races powered by Enzo Ferrari and designed by Andy Warhol - candy-coloured carnage with a turbo-charged engine .
The filmic side effect of eating an entire bowl full of sugar , Speed Racer is designed entirely with one audience in mind , and despite it 's best efforts it 's not going to appeal to anyone else .
What grounds the spectacle , pushing it beyond a two-hour ejaculation of sensation , is its yearning for innocence
Fellow critics mercilessly denounced this dazzling , visually inventive adaptation ; one of the ten best films of 2008
Cut from car to driver to announcer to audience and over and over again , ad nauseam . Such pretty racing scenes , so little to actually see .
The brothers swamp the fragile story and characters with such a deluge of CGI tricks and elaborate action sequences that it proves hard to care about the humans on screen .
You have to be 12 to like it , and I have to say there is little or nothing here to remind us why we were all quite so excited about The Matrix .
A flashy , colorful film that packs a ton o ' fun into its fast-paced frame .
Twelve-year-old boys should be wowed , but for the rest of us , it will depend on your appetite for eye candy .
Even the target audience of 10-year-olds might get jimmy legs sitting for a punishing 135 minutes as the Wachowski brothers projectile-vomit their cotton-candy dreams all over the big screen .
You can feel the kids in the audience tapping their feet , waiting for more action . So , let 's just give the kids what they want : fast-paced excitement , wrapped up in a colorful package .
The arty blockbuster has arrived , and it 's as flashy , accessorized and auto-erotic as can be . Which creates a strange sensation indeed , that it 's not just the cars that are smoking , but those Wachowski brothers as well , and whatever 's in their pipes too .
Maybe it 's all flash and little substance , but there 's no denying the appeal of that flash ... .
The Wachowskis blur the definition of `` children 's film '' as much as the original cartoon challenged Western perceptions of `` children 's television '' .
And here we have a prime example of why studios should not be funding the creations of The Wachowski Brothers . While visually dazzling , the film 's paper thin plot and the cheesiness of its actors are a huge disservice .
The appeal of this frenetically-paced fantasy is probably limited to 10-year-olds , gamers and fanboys .
This is fairly simplistic anti-corporate fare , told in a way that occasionally defies comprehension as well as gravity . Impressionistic is the word .
An overlong and downright boring story , with its plodding family scenes interspersed between the action sequences , makes Speed Racer a bit of a flooded engine .
Resembling little more than a two-hour video game , the high-energy movie is positive enough about the strength of family to forgive the challenges of the format and simply go along for the -LRB- very loud and noisy -RRB- ride offered by the Wachowski brothers .
At the finish line Speed Racer comes across as an indulgent fantasy project for the Wachowskis .
Given that Speed Racer itself is basically an elaborate commercial , the anti-corporate message inevitably rings hollow .
No doubt the Wachowski brothers were aiming for a surreal atmosphere , and they hit their mark , but it too often felt less an edge-of-your-seat movie experience and more a pretty cool new computer game .
Speed Racer is a masterpiece of its kind , and a definitive benchmark for film not only as a special effects extravaganza but as the moment when the Wachowskis went from wunderkind directors to true auteurs .
`` It sure does have some pretty colors . True , the film is a mess and a failure in nearly every other department , but you ca n't deny that those colors look great . ''
Creating visual styles that break boundaries is what the Wachowskis do best ; Speed Racer is a thrilling triumph of multi-layered visual storytelling , combining CGI with live action & involving mind boggling race sequences using virtual real-life locations
I 'm not sure exactly who the audience for this is and I 'd be lying if I said I was n't disappointed , but it 's a fun and wild ride that is unlike anything in theaters right now .
It 's hard to fill two hours when your best ideas only last a few seconds apiece , and the shortfall of ingenuity causes the worst possible result : boredom .
I never much cared for the cartoon .
Perhaps it 's not as visually overwhelming or headache inducing on the small screen ... but I have to admit I enjoyed myself .
at once hyper-detailed and abstract , simultaneously drawing you in and pushing you out , with the ultimate effect of wearing you out
Its eye candy may not satisfy anyone other than the most dedicated of fans . This film could have used a heavy dose of Spielberg pacing and Pixar personality .
A very pretty , colorful roller coaster ride , a wonderful construction of visual imagination .
If a simple egg can be compared to your brain , then an egg watching the Wachowski brothers ' flashy Speed Racer is your brain on drugs .
`` Speed Racer '' is a stylish , electrifying , intense and visually breathtaking catastrophe of a movie ...
Belying its own title , it 's a mind-boggling bog of slow-witted repetition . After 5 minutes of zippy eye candy , what 'll we do for the next 2 hours ? You might want to bring along something to read .
-LRB- ... -RRB- Pretende conformar a todos : los fanáticos de la serie de antes y los niños y adolescentes de ahora . Lo logra a medias . En todo caso , un entretenimiento liviano y vistoso al que no habría que exigirle más que eso .
... way too much of a not-good-enough thing ...
Diabetics need to be wary of Andy and Larry Wachowski 's adaptation of the cult anime series Speed Racer % u2014 the big-screen version contains so much eye candy , you 're liable to slip into a coma . These talented siblings proved in the original Matr
Worth it for the eye candy alone .
At 134 minutes , Speed Racer throws so much color on the screen for so long , younger viewers -LRB- and even some not-so-young ones -RRB- will get worn out and want this ride to stop .
Provides all the hallucinogenic benefits of an LSD trip without any of the nasty side-effects
All its supposed innovative techie efforts did for me was make me dizzy and long instead for a good story .
A catastrophic experiment .
To complain about the excesses of Speed Racer would be like bitching that there are too many rib eyes kept on ice at your local steak house ... But visual wizardry is about all the movie has going for it .
Messy and undisciplined , if at least always itself . But is n't this a more suitable aesthetic for an imaginary movie version of Marvel 's ` Dazzler '
The Wachowski 's stand revealed -- for better or worse -- as having made something like a $ 100 million experimental movie .
-LRB- Speed Racer -RRB- is one of the most colorful , visual , fun and exhilarating movies I have seen in a while .
It 's a movie that 's simply joyful to look at , and that joy never lets up across more than two hours
There is something freeing about watching this movie because it establishes early on that it 's not playing by certain cinematic rules .
Once around the track is enough
There 's no thrill of victory and no agony of defeat here -- just more cars flying through the air ... and cartwheeling before bursting into flames .
Strictly for lovers of the original cartoon . Otherwise , it 's loud , obnoxious and a mess .
I love the look and the style and the spirit of this film .
Speed Racer creates a timeless , visually seductive world suspended somewhere between the pop '60s and the sci-fi future . Its biggest disappointment , strangely enough , is its raison d'être -- the races themselves .
The actors are lost amidst the orgy of pixels writhing around like the special effects equivalent of a bukkake film
I used to love the animated series , but I do remember that every episode had pretty much the same story and the movie follows suit .
By trying to convince us that we 're having a good time even as it pounds us senseless , Speed Racer moves beyond mediocrity and into the realm of active irritant .
The colors in Speed Racer are ferociously bright and saturated ; they do n't appear in nature , but then nothing else in the movie does , either .
An ugly cartoon .
While -LRB- it -RRB- may not win first place for the weekend , there 's really no reason why it should n't ... do n't accuse me of being a Speed Racer apologist ; I 'm a convert .
Does anyone actually remember The Matrix Reloaded or Revolutions ? They kinda sucked . The realization will hit you like a thud of Neo-ian philosophy before Speed Racer even hits the halfway mark .
The brutal sensory overload is coupled with a plot that starves the brain , a recycling of the silliness of the TV show unleavened by any saving hint of postmodern irony .
A cheesy but fun pulp flick ...
In a just world , the editing work in Speed Racer would be recognized instead of the idiot chaos that is The Bourne Ultimatum .
No , Speed Racer . No .
Imagine if the pod race in Star Wars Episode I was as bad as everyone said it was , and took itself twice as seriously , and went on for more than two hours .
An extravagant , pathetic pageant .
While Hollywood slapped ` PG ' on Speed Racer to line its pocketbooks with the widest hodgepodge of people -LRB- ahem : kids -RRB- , those same kids will leave the theater with that lollipop nearly sucked to the stick but then yanked away with confusion .
All in all , I 'm pretty sure Hunter S. Thompson had hallucinations like this .
The Wachowski Brothers ' big-screen , big-budget adaptation of the popular Speed Racer anime series is like the Willy Wonka of racing movies .
Speed Racer intends to convey a sense of heedless momentum , but it drags painfully .
This toxic admixture of computer-generated frenzy and live-action torpor succeeds in being , almost simultaneously , genuinely painful -- the esthetic equivalent of needles in eyeballs -- and weirdly benumbing , like eye candy laced with lidocaine .
More than the story of the Racer family , Speed Racer is the visual autobiography of the Wachowskis and their pit crew of computer-nerd Einsteins , using the tools of their trade to transform the movie medium .
For a movie about velocity , the excitement factor is low and the races feel like a drag .
It 's kind of cool , but it 's also more than a little like being trapped in a pinball machine while being asked to feel the Racer family 's pain for the better part of two hours .
The movie , unfortunately , does n't make that leap from sensation to art , but it suggests fascinating possibilities for moviemakers interested in using the latest techniques seriously to explore the world -- the fairyland we have made with our technology .
Speed Racer does n't resemble any movie you 've ever seen .
Shapes hurtle toward you , then recede abruptly , each bearing some fragment of narrative information that has now passed you by forever . Nausea and anxiety begin to wash over you in overlapping waves .
The actors seem lost in a gumball dispenser ; the audience , for the most part , might well feel the same way .
Someday , real artists may come along to use some of the techniques that the Wachowskis are developing . Then things will get interesting .
It 's all there : the whoosh and bash of close-contact racing , the raised-oval sliding , the loop-de-loops . All but the ability to discern what 's going on .
Any film fan will appreciate the Wachowskis ' vision of this alternate universe that 's every bit as densely textured and as pan-Asian/pan-planetary in its casting as The Matrix .
They call movies like this eye candy because they do n't necessarily seek to nourish . Nevertheless , when they turn out looking like this , they can taste pretty good for empty calories .
They even work the old SR theme Go , Speed Racer ! Go , Speed Racer ! Go , Speed Racer ! Go ! into the score which brought back -LSB- fond -RSB- memories .
Speed Racer is brilliantly photographed and edited . It 's told in a literally visionary style , full of innovation and breathtaking risk . But when it comes to the story , it 's running on empty .
With `` The Matrix '' the Wachowski Brothers created a sci fi action classic , with its two sequels they destroyed a franchise and now with Speed Racer they have destroyed another one right out the box .
The movie makes you crave a streamlined story , interesting characters and a joystick .
Writer-directors Larry and Andy Wachowski , the creators of the Matrix films , once again invent stunning visual tricks in this adaptation of the late - '60s Japanese anime .
The fastest , most furious movie of all time .
In a summer when the multiplex is bumper to bumper with virtual realities -- and when real-world petroleum woes dominate the news -- Speed Racer makes the competition look like it is standing still .
Were Larry and Andy Wachowski just really , really lucky when they made The Matrix ?
The fakeness of it all overwhelms , dampening any real excitement . It 's hard to care about characters so stiff and one-dimensional they out-cartoon the cartoon originals .
It 's all pretty dazzling . It can certainly wear you out , but take the kids anyway , they 'll probably dig it .
An uncompelling and grotesquely overlong piece of eye candy geared only to a fourth-grader 's world view .
As entertaining as a sugar-addled 5-year-old , Speed Racer left me feeling like I 'd been in a hit and run with a box of Crayolas .
It gave me a headache , a stomach ache and the less-defined unease that comes from witnessing a major change in the zeitgeist . Because the zeitgeist , judging from this movie , now embraces rattle-headed visual delirium at all costs .
An eye-popping , day-glo videogame that 's as emotionally empty as it is visually exhilarating , Speed Racer is style , style , style without substance , but then it moves so fast that many may not care .
Speed Racer is more Toy Story than Days of Thunder . That could be a good thing , but , in this case , it is n't .
Sugar , not petrol , is the fuel that comes to mind watching candy-hued , visually hyperactive , narratively sputtering Speed Racer .
This is a movie that is giddily , gorgeously overwhelming , from the cool slow-motion to the Kubrick cartoons to the wormhole pyrotechnics to the kaleidoscopic bliss .
Speed Racer is the Wachowskis on overdrive and the result is a garish nightmare that looks like Andy and Larry ate a kaleidoscope , then vomited all over the screen .
Speed Racer is so hyperfrenetic that , in the end , you wonder if the Wachowskis are n't trying to pull off an elaborate hoax -- a deranged techno fantasia posing as retro-ish family fare .
So bereft of intelligence , style and excitement that I ca n't figure out who in the world it 's supposed to appeal to .
The Matrix creators Andy and Larry Wachowski barrel through this adaptation of the 60s animated series , hoping perhaps that no one will notice the story is as flat as roadkill .
The movie demands you be a glutton for sensation and then has the nerve to ask why you 're not hungrier .
It is a trip , but it 's a bad trip .
The color is beautiful . That 's the only good thing I can say about this film that consists of about 15 minutes of dialogue and 120 minutes of mind-numbing special effects .
Speed is a driver but he 's so much more , embodying the opposite of the film 's anti-corporate argument . He 's the Matrix victorious .
Simply a funky mess . Bold and beautiful at times , complete stall at others . I 'll round up to a Bplus because I respect the effort , but with serious reservations .
The picture looks great . In fact , it looks astonishing . But non-stop astonishment is exhausting -- sometimes you want it to stop .
From the Day-Glo pop of its computer-generated environments to the ' 2001 ' - like rush of its almost abstract action climax , this may be the most extreme head-trip movie for kids since Gene Wilder conducted us to a lethal candyland in ` Willy Wonka . '
-LSB- C -RSB- omplaints about Speed Racer 's volume and visuals sounds like the lamentations of a bunch of grandparents pining for the days of penny candy and segregated fountains .
The Wachowskis have taken the iconic but decidedly low-tech 1960 's Japanese cartoon character and put the pedal to the metal with dazzling effects and electrifying action .
If the Wachowski brothers still have one creative foot in their old , ` perfect ' manufactured reality , it 's a mom and pop matrix .
The film is absurdly complicated for such a young demographic , and at 135 minutes it will be a monotonous chore for most others .
Unless you have an incredibly low threshold for kid/chimp comedy , a sense of fun is what 's missing in Speed Racer and that should have been the first ingredient .
Speed Racer provides an exhilirating , albeit exhausting , ride through our pop culture past .
A flashy mess that proves some things are better left to nostalgia than adaptation .
When Speed Racer works , it is like nothing you have ever seen . And when it careens off the track , cartwheels through the air and disintegrates upon impact with the hard , unforgiving earth , it is still like nothing you have ever seen . I 'm not saying
Who would have thought a movie this dazzling could also be so boring ?
Speed Racer is a manufactured widget , a packaged commodity that capitalizes on an anthropomorphized cartoon of Capitalist Evil in order to sell itself and its ancillary products .
Yes , from adults through teens to tykes , there 's something here for everyone to dislike -- the whole clan can have fun making fun of this thing .
A movie that is afraid to be great
135 minutes of noisy , infantile and shockingly boring mind rot that will inspire only partial epilepsy in viewers whose ages remain in the single digits and complete ennui in those who have passed the big 1-0 .
From the opening graphics to the end closing credits the Wachowski 's nailed everything that was good about Speed Racer and elevated it to the 10th level .
... a movie with a lot of heart , a little intelligence , and a generous bit of humor . Add a cast much too good for a movie like this ... a surprisingly entertaining film .
Kudos to production designer the Marquis de Sade , and to script doctor Chim-Chim .
It would n't surprise me to learn that the entire movie was paid for by the makers of Tylenol .
At times the film feels like Hot Wheels on either steroids or LSD - or both .
Forget all the curmudgeonly criticism that argues for this movie 's optical overload capacity - Speed Racer is a modern masterpiece
... there reaches a point at which one is essentially forced to surrender to the Wachowskis insanely broad modus operandi ...
You 'll be overwhelmed by the film 's visual style -LRB- Think Willy Wonka making a movie out of Skittles -RRB- but it 's only a simple treat without any of the heartier substance of a full cinematic meal .
I wanted to race to the exits after 10 minutes of this unwatchable , would-be eye candy , which is so nauseating that it could induce vomiting . There is nothing speedy about the film , as it runs a horribly bloated 136 minutes .
It 's like watching somebody else play a video game . There 's plenty of color and noise , with computers creating the semblance of rapid motion , but that 's it .
Speed Racer devolves into one of the most painfully ill-conceived borefests to ever grace a summer movie season and an easy candidate of one of 2008 's worst films .
This is a kids movie through and through , for better or worse . One thing 's for sure : Chim-Chim rocks !
Unabashedly seditious in the vein of their previous movies , the Wachowski 's `` Speed Racer '' has serious flaws , and barely enough color and speed to appeal to half of its target audience .
The performers have been reduced to merely aping their animated counterparts .
the summer 's most irrelevant blockbuster
What I loved about Speed Racer is that the Wachowski brothers did n't even try to make it look realistic . It blows past exaggeration into the area of the sublime .
Speed Racer is an ocular slap , but it 's strictly empty calories ; a joyless , over-plotted nostalgia machine that barely limps out of the starting gate ... an inert sleeping pill .
Speed Racer just gets better -- more cool , frenetic , and spectacular -- up until its gooseflesh-inducing climax .
A 140-minute , candy-colored , empty-calorie extravaganza you have to be no more than 12 years old to enjoy .
Speed Racer offers a crazy , turbo-charged mix of cartoon kitsch , gamer action , and a wild new way to think of -- and look at -- movies .
As a summer thrill machine , Speed Racer is far from supercharged .
A frenetic , densely layered , narratively scrambled blob of moviemaking that will leave viewers alternately baffled and sensorially stunned .
While they celebrate and subvert genre conventions , their tone is n't mocking . They want kiddies and their chaperons to enjoy and question , yet the approach does distance the audience .
Representa uma experiência visual fascinante , e mesmo que sua história traga problemas pontuais , isto não compromete a abordagem inteligente e ambiciosa dos irmãos que já haviam mudado a paisagem da ficção científica contemporânea com Matrix .
At two-plus hours , Speed Racer really is n't longer than your average NASCAR race or an extended road-rally event . It just feels like it is .
Emile Hirsch takes a wild ride as the titular hero from the kitschy '60s cartoon , but if you do n't have ADD before entering this Racer , you will by the finish line .
A two-hour-and-fifteen-minute sugar rush of a film , dazzling and exciting , a little too frantic and a little too long .
Speed Racer promises a hot , juicy cheeseburger but delivers only the cheese -- and on closer inspection , it 's Cheese Whiz .
Speed Racer sets out to honor and refresh a youthful enthusiasm from the past and winds up smothering the fun in self-conscious grandiosity .
A phantasmagoric , candy-colored treat for the senses .
The Wachowski Brothers overshoot the mark with Speed Racer , an eccentric misfire that panders to the ADHD set and -- in the adult arena -- idiots and acid-droppers .
In the early going , the whiz-bang editing and searing primary colors in Speed Racer work like a sugar rush , but the crash from all that overstimulation is enough to reduce grown men into sobbing infants .
If the Wachowski brothers failed to grasp anything else about their latest project , they know that it 's all about family ... and speed
At its best , it 's buoyant pop entertainment focused on three things : speed , racing and retina-splitting oceans of digitally captured color .
A two-hour visual assault that feels like someone tie-dyed your face .
Eikospente hronia meta to Tron -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , oi aderfoi Wachowski fernoyn sti megali othoni ti pio abangkarnt mplokmpasteria toy -LRB- neoy -RRB- aiona metamfiesmeni se tainia gia paidia .
An immense , Otter Pop colored nostalgic thing that expends so much energy replicating every last widget and geegaw from its source that it forgets to be , you know , fun .
... has plenty of flesh-and-blood performers milling about , strenuously attempting to advance Speed Racer 's minimal plot , but nary an honest emotion in sight . Speed Racer : Color him go , go , gone .
Against all odds it succeeds , making for a spectacular -- and spectacularly strange -- viewing experience .
Ultimately , Speed Racer comes down to the lesson your parents taught you : Despite the flash , looks are n't everything .
If you 're into high-octane car racing , trippy Japanese anime and awesome visuals , this is spectacular , adrenaline-pumping family fare .
But pretty pictures in and of themselves do not a movie make , and once you get over the level of visual virtuosity on display it hits you just how repetitive and freakishly stupid all the rest of it is .
Comparable to dousing one 's eyeballs in a sugary hyper-digitized Skittles soup .
Speed Racer has the dubious distinction of being the only movie I 've ever sat through while wishing I 'd been born colorblind .
Speed Racer certainly nails an eye-poppingly colorful cartoon aesthetic , but what kind of triumph is that when so much of the movie actually is a cartoon ?
The Wachowski brothers adapt the classic 60s cartoon as a candy-colored visual sugar-rush that , despite its name , takes a while to cross the finish line .
I propose a universal law concerning chimpanzees and the movies ...
Young boys will probably eat this stuff up but older fans of the cartoons might leave the movie feeling like the Wachowskis have taken a big fat multi-colored dump on their sense of nostalgia .
At an exceedingly long 135 minutes , the film needs more than what might result from the explosion of a Crayola factory , and Speed Racer has nothing extra to offer -- no heart , no excitement , no moments to cherish .
This whizzy and outrageously colourful family action romp is a visually breathtaking hybrid of animation and live action . The story may feel about as gripping as a videogame , but the film is pure eye candy .
Impressively directed , superbly designed and eye-poppingly colourful , this is an enjoyable action-adventure flick , providing you like things that go vroom .
It 's frankly exhausting , and like that bag of Skittles , it wo n't really satisfy your hunger . But look at all those bright , shiny colors .
Overplotted and underwritten , it is ultimately trumped by an exuberant color scheme that splays itself across the screen showing as little restraint as the chimpanzee of the piece
Young boys are the only suitable audience for Speed Racer , and even they might feel an urge to squirm between the videogame-style , whizbang , jellybean-colored , CG-jiggered car races that are the adrenalized heart of this entertainment with no soul .
A sports-story fantasy that burns at an octane level too high to rate . So why was I nearly overcome by the fumes and the whiplash ?
The Wachowskis have accomplished the impossible by making a garish , over the top movie based on a vaguely remembered cartoon that is , painfully mediocre .
Action-packed kids ' film fun , with a few sputters .
The race for worst movie of 2008 starts here . Go Speed Racer GO !
Reminds me of Mario Kart .
It 's all a bombastic mishmash that makes you feel like you 've been stuffed inside a kaleidoscope and shaken for two hours .
Over all , there 's the drab , sinking feeling of Matrix 3 -- that the Wachowskis ' lame , expensive imaginings have played out .
To have a series of poses effectively substitute for battle in a live-action summer blockbuster film in this way is to ... well , it 's to take Godardian notions to places where even Godard might never have dreamed of taking them .
The Wachowski brothers have tumbled into a matrix of their own with Speed Racer , one which has rendered them completely out of touch with the outside world .
I can sit through just about anything , but I draw the line at two hours and 15 minutes of fuchsia vomit . To suffer through this kind of hell , movie critics deserve combat pay .
Ideologically anti-corporate , previous Wachowski productions aspired to be something more than mind-less sensation ; Speed Racer is thrilled to be less . It 's the delusions minus the grandeur .
... The Wachowskis have created a blast of pure pop family fun ; Speed Racer 's a bright , bold visual spectacle designed for kids .
Imagine someone pouring hot , melted Starburst candies into your corneas , and you just begin to approximate the experience of Speed Racer , an ice-cream headache of a movie ...
You might admire it as a Warholian blur of pop art , gawp and gasp at its Hot Wheels-for-real dynamism , or get a headache .
I reckon the M.P.A.A. should use the advent of Speed Racer to revive an old ratings symbol : a big Roman X , meaning ` of no conceivable interest to anyone over the age of ten . '
It 's an eyesore , a shambles , with incoherent action and ear-buckling dialogue .
The Wachowski Brothers achieve a divine vision of psychedelic visual ecstasy while digging deep into an campy comic/dramatic tone that works for audiences of all ages .
Unlike a Pixar cartoon that embraces as wide an audience as possible , Speed Racer proudly denies entry into its ultra-bright world to all but gamers , fanboys and anime enthusiasts .
Like other Wachowski works , this hybrid of f/x-driven family fare is technically inventive and in moments seductively surreal , but the plot is so slender and naive , sort of excuse for some thrilling races that should please very young non-critical viewers
Pure cotton candy -- entirely non-nutritious but too sweet and pretty for young people to resist .
The directors have been outrageously successful in creating one of the most trippy , visually astonishing mainstream movies ever made , and have even thrown in some good-old-fashioned story-telling and morality into this kaleidoscopic brew for good measure .









@highlight

The Wachowski Brothers have overloaded Speed Racer with headache-inducing special effects , and neglected to develop a coherent storyline .