Infinitely more captivating for its outrageous ungainliness than a great many more proficient filmmakers have ever been able to manage .
Dismissed by critics but embraced by African-American audiences , Tyler Perry now opens his pictures without press previews , but on the basis of this expert melodrama he might want to reconsider .
The cast is likable , and Perry makes good use of the Atlanta locations .
Perry 's habit of reducing drama to verbal sermons is the main thing keeping his movies within the realm of daytime TV .
Yes , it 's true that Tyler Perry 's movies are mostly formualaic . Yes , it 's true that Tyler Perry is n't the finest director in the world . But it 's also true that Tyler Perry is getting better .
Love can transcend class lines ; in Tyler Perry 's universe , it also defies all rules of the legal system -- and logic .
... cardboard characters and awkward dialogue .
I entered this moviegoing experience ready for a lot of wincing and eye-rolling . But dammit if this movie did n't make me laugh and cry .
Jenny and Joe do n't help to make a case for the `` good men '' and `` strong women '' they seem to oppose . They only drag everyone down .
Even when Perry does n't dress up like a woman , he 's pretty much a drag .
It makes you happy to receive the Word of Perry .
Come back , Madea , and bring your chainsaw .
The action bogs down in a torrent of clichés .
Cottage-industry independent filmmaker Tyler Perry fumbles with this family drama about Monty -LRB- Idris Elba -RRB- , a salt-of-the-earth car mechanic and father of three girls trying to win a custody battle with his lowlife ex-wife .
A sorry excuse for filmmaking .
The movie reaches the heights of melodrama with narrative cliches that border on the surreal .
Tyler Perry , the man behind Madea 's Family Reunion , is not a subtle filmmaker . But Perry 's stories can be emotionally effective .
While its look at interclass romance among African-Americans and the struggles of a working-class single father is fresh and vital , the heavy-handed execution is n't .
Tyler Perry 's latest conspicuously lacks his drag clad alter ego Madea % u2014 the star of his earlier hits Diary of a Mad Black Woman and Madea 's Family Reunion % u2014 but it manages to be a drag nonetheless .
Perry enters into the arena of soap opera with a melodrama that often makes little sense , content to luxuriate in its heart-tugging suds without offering much in the way of logic .
Subtlety has never been Perry 's strength , but his previous films balanced the sermonizing with good humor and sincerity . Perhaps next time , he 'll ease up on the lectures , and bring back the love .
The lead actors make Perry 's didacticism easier to take .
A game try , still , it 's not all quite there ,
Gabrielle Union has never before exhibited as much of an emotional range as seen in this role as an ice princess whose cold heart melts when offered an opportunity with a real man who comes with a ready-made family .
The hamfistedness of Daddy 's Little Girls ultimately shatters its charms .
Given his built-in appeal , Perry has the opportunity to broaden the subject matter of so-called black movies . He takes a stab at it in Girls , but he could do so much better .
The script is n't much better than Perry 's Madea 's Family Reunion ... but it helps that Perry does n't show up in the crass , cross-dressing role of Madea and that he has hired some excellent actors .
This particular Tyler Perry movie offers some glimpses of the graceful comic talent its one-man entertainment empire can be if he turns down the volume more often .
In terms of direction , this is the sharpest film Perry has made . It moves at a deft pace , and the comedic sequences continually score . He also knows how to create a mood .
In Daddy 's Little Girls , Tyler Perry merits an A for the messages he wants to deliver but only a C-plus for the way he delivers them .
Implausible ? Yes . Predictable ? Yes . Entertaining ? You bet .
Perry will never get an Oscar nomination , but he has something better : an audience .
-LSB- Union and Elba -RSB- are such expressive , extremely thoughtful performers . They have chemistry and they have class . What they do n't have is a filmmaker who knows yet how to use either to make real movie magic . I 'm rooting for him to figure it out .
There are fewer laughs and more lectures ... but there 's plenty of sass and soul in between .
Perry has great casting instincts , and in Elba and Union he 's matched two gifted , equally gorgeous actors , both of whom seem ready to make sparks fly . If only their director would let them .
Daddy 's Little Girls is maudlin and manipulative , but compared to movies with awful stereotypes like Norbit , is that such a bad thing ?
Do n't let the brightly colored poster with the cute little girls on it fool you -- this is n't a comedy , either , but is meant to be a drama with a message . Daddy 's Little Girls has its funny moments , but overall it 's fairly somber from the start .
Daddy 's Little Girls is a serviceable dramedy that 's slightly outlandish but nevertheless strives to touch the heart with its well-intentioned vibes .
It 's melodrama at the Lifetime-movie level , but even that is a step up . Perry will never be a great filmmaker , or probably even a good one , but he 's moved into the ranks of the mediocre .
It is exciting to think that someone in Perry 's position is indeed challenging himself , as he could presumably coast along on tried-and-true formulas for quite some time .
Daddy 's Little Girls is a frightening step backwards for the Perry empire , revealing a filmmaker who I once thought was just kidding around , but now it turns out he 's legitimately incompetent and irresponsible .
Lumbering morality tale packaged as a romance .
... this is easily Perry 's best film , which is to say it 's serviceably mediocre rather than godawful .
Regardless of how silly the storyline becomes , Perry 's admiration for single dads who take care of their kids and people who take their faith and their families seriously comes through ...
Tyler Perry likes preaching to the choir .
-LSB- Perry 's -RSB- gotten comfortable behind the camera . And without Madea , his obese , smart-mouthed alter-ego auntie , to portray , the man in the dress shows he really can direct .
Perry gets better at directing every time he tries .
Kindness , graciousness , nurturing , and support is the message for couples and community , so even if it 's not saying anything new under the sun , all that syrup makes the cardboard taste better .
Suffice to say that everybody in this totally TV-tempered , finger-waggingly reactionary movie learns a valuable lesson in getting back to basics .
Daddy 's Little Girls is the kind of movie where you look the other way as regards to minor offences , so devoted is it to making a positive statement .
Daddy 's Little Girls is -LSB- Perry 's -RSB- best-looking film to date . Is it asking too much for a script to match ?
There 'll always be a place for Perry in a world where there are moviegoers who find Spike Lee 's films too challenging .
Almost a real movie .


@highlight

Daddy 's Little Girls boasts fine performances and a poignant message , but is ultimately let down by amateurish filmmaking .