The Kill Team should raise questions about societal shifts that desensitize realities about war and relationships between peoples .
This is a powerful and effective documentary that exposes facts about the nature of war that the military establishment would rather keep secret . It serves as a reminder about the high levels of corruption in the military .
Its extraordinary story can hardly help but involve and outrage .
All is not fair in love and war , but the battlefield can be a place where the lines begin to blur .
Explosive and depressing .
Krauss 's documentary is both solid and scathing , raising more questions that it answers .
Is the story of The Kill Team singular ? That 's the unspoken question that hangs over this award-winning documentary , another artifact from the `` war on terror . ''
While `` The Kill Team '' is well worth watching , the jury 's out .
What emerges is a searing indictment of military culture that touches on other recent scandals .
Krauss is too responsible to do anything flashy with this material . He tells the story directly and in depth .
It 's a beautiful way to lose faith in humanity .
A documentary that leans heavily on a viewer 's innate interest in tangled philosophical questions of guilt and corrupted innocence .
-LSB- Krauss -RSB- delivers extraordinary material and presents a story meriting attention . He captures how regular people , when existing among vile mindsets , can , themselves , start thinking malignantly .
Even as Montalvo aptly draws attention to the people who are dead , to the consequences of the soldiers ' decisions , the film also points to a wider framework .
It all adds up to a harrowing picture of the casualties of war - and the unchecked madness that may drive those entrusted to defend us .
Daniel Kraus ' absorbing documentary The Kill Team demonstrates how badly trying to do the right thing can backfire .
A military platoon bent on murdering Afghan civilians for pleasure is the target of this chillingly frank documentary .
It 's a terrible , inexcusable mark on our contemporary military history , and Krauss 's documentary does nothing to dull the horror surrounding the incidents .
The scope of the film can be frustratingly narrow . But even this limited view into the events of the Maywand District murders is gripping cinema .
Over and over , Winfield 's distraught parents ask , rhetorically , what choice their son had . Thing is , the answer is right in the film ...
The movie 's haunting power stems from a paradox at the heart of its narrative .
Reminiscent of the struggle between the Charlie Sheen and Tom Berenger characters in `` Platoon '' but even more powerful since it shuns sensationalism and sticks to the brutal story of how the American military became a death squad .
A terrifying example of how easily basic human decency and morality can melt away in the fog of war .
Engrossing ... stunningly tragic . . with difficult moral decisions of peer pressure and whistleblowing ... Wrenching film dramatically personalizes `` just following orders '' .
It offers a deep , troubling probe into a military culture that both incubates horrifically criminal acts against innocents and throws innumerable obstacles in the paths of soldiers who would thwart or report those outrages .
Looks at the murders and their aftermath through a frustratingly narrow lens .
Strong subject marred by poor narrative choices .
The setting is Afghanistan , but it might be Iraq or Vietnam or anywhere with occupying forces . It might be Gaza . This map of hell is timeless , placeless .
The Kill Team tells a compelling story , but the 79-minute runtime leaves that story feeling incomplete .
Finds drama in evenhanded storytelling that is the inverse of its characters ' emotional shakiness .
The film is weak on its essential indictment , vaguely suggesting a mood of battlefield boredom without quite pinpointing the pathology that would lead military men to squeeze the trigger pell-mell .
During some of these interviews and accompanying footage , The Kill Team seems almost like an autopsy , necessary but sickening to behold .
It 's hard to watch , but important to witness .
The mesmerizing documentary about a group of U.S. soldiers killing Afghan citizens for kicks , circa 2010 , has the kind of urgent intimacy that characterizes the best such non-fiction films .
Our ideas about war need to be cracked open , and The Kill Team does exactly that .
A blood-boiling documentary whose constrained viewpoint on its subject -- U.S. soldiers ' sport-killing of Afghan civilians in 2010 , and the prosecutions that followed -- does n't prevent it from moving viewers to the point of despair .
This chilling war-is-hell expose -LSB- is -RSB- must-see viewing .
This is a rare War on Terror military exposé , one almost exclusively interested in the hearts and minds of low-ranking soldiers .
-LSB- A -RSB- gripping documentary .
The Kill Team makes us face the scary truth about the bloodbaths in Iraq and Afghanistan : The only thing that differentiates the Kill Team from many other infantry units is the simple fact that they were caught .
`` The Kill Team '' is emotionally heavy ; as you watch , you feel conflicted about Winfield 's role and about your own perception of right and wrong .
Dan Krauss finds a new angle on the nightmarish story .

@highlight

Urgent , mesmerizing , and infuriating , The Kill Team looks at American foreign policy from a rarely considered perspective .