Nocturnal Animals wants to be provocative but its scattered parts all add up to something a bit silly .
In essence , you can follow along and give credit to Nocturnal Animals for doing something different , but it 's still debatable if it did that thing well .
The major weakness of `` Nocturnal Animals , '' which is constructed as a story within a story , is that the frame story is shallow and this is not sufficiently compensated for by the story within the frame .
One highbrow yet twisted tale of love and revenge with a loaded cast on their A-game
Nocturnal Animals is a frantic fever dream of the ways we betray and disappoint ourselves and those we love .
Nocturnal Animals : A Cautionary Tale
It reminded me of David Cronenberg 's Maps To The Stars ... but not as good and more frustrating .
Nocturnal Animals is , simply , flawless . There is no part of this film that could be changed or subtracted without damaging the rest of it , and there is nothing that needs to be added .
Despite the fulsomeness of Ford 's cinematic reference points , one ca n't avoid the feeling that something crucial is still missing .
In the end , it 's hard to draw any conclusions about the nature of these two stories other than ones that are unpleasant and unworthy of the effort .
Tom Ford has definitely brought his eye for art into this film , which was impeccably shot .
a deft , intelligent , and twisty rumination on relationships and the expectations that come with them .
For all the acting excellence on display in Nocturnal Animals , what mattered more was cracking the narrative Rubik 's Cube invented by Wright and elevated by Ford 's precise integration of style and substance .
Nocturnal Animals offers film as crisp , well-cut , tautly sewn , and artfully made to perfection .
Nocturnal Animals ends up mirroring the emptiness and decadence it means to expose .
-LSB- Nocturnal Animals -RSB- is a brilliant sleight of hand that demands multiple viewings and the promise of different viewing experiences every time .
Nocturnal Animals ultimately reaches for something that is n't there , and falters . Ford is the consummate commercial artist , but he seems to hate it - while still , as an artist , trafficking in it .
As you might expect from Ford , this is a movie that is stunning to look at ; less predictably , it is also brutally tense .
That 's what this movie is , really : a beautiful , shattered , f *** ed-up dream .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- one of the best American films of 2016 .
Ford does n't have anything especially new or interesting to say about the nature of vengeance or love , or the emptiness of material riches . But Nocturnal Animals has fun and looks damn good saying it . Maybe that 's enough .
Ambiguous and absorbing , `` Nocturnal Animals '' is a worthwhile sophomore essay from the artsy , enigmatic Ford .
Revenge never looked as good , nor felt as intense , as it does in Ford 's capable hands .
Heaven help us if Tom Ford ever decides to make a horror film .
With Nocturnal Animals , Ford shatters common romance tropes like second chances and serendipity , and explores the roles classicism , suppression , and rage play in destroying those ideals .
Nocturnal Animals works because it does n't allow you to breathe .
The film is attractive and superficial , confusing in its commitment of complexity , and shows in its treatment and invoice the same lightness that is its subject and object of criticism . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A good way to describe this film is like the cinematic version of a Kinder surprise , with a ripping B-grade badlands thriller wrapped inside an A-grade art movie . It certainly is edge-of-the-seat stuff .
It 's satire , it 's noir , it 's melodrama ; it 's all of the above , but also not quite any of the above .
The visual pleasures hardly begin to compensate for the inescapable fact that the movie as a whole is a leaden and pretentious trainwreck of a creation that is equal parts boring and bewildering .
It 's enough to make you selfishly pine for more than one film every seven years from the director . But if they 're going to be of this high quality then we 'll just have to make-do with the wait .
A much deeper story than a simple thriller , reminding us why we missed this director so much that with just two films in his filmography , has achieved more than many filmmakers would ever dream of . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Nocturnal Animals traverses lithely across various fields of the human experience , from loneliness to revenge , trauma , to an increasingly disposable society .
It 's clear that Tom Ford was n't just someone with money that one day thought that 'll be fun to make movies . We are facing a new and great author . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Miss it at your peril ; see it at your own risk of , at times , uncomfortable self-discovery .
Scene by scene , décor by décor , indignity by indignity , -LSB- it -RSB- fascinates , arriving at its perverse distillation of concerted hatred , of blunt force trauma : I will be an artist . A good one . Better than you . I will hurt you with my art . And you will cry .
A chilling but at the same time healing story that elegantly shows the power of creation to sublimate our darkest desires . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's an interesting story , and it 's very prettily told , but Ford does n't seem to get inside the grisly , Straw Dogs-like themes of the story-within-the-story .
This complex story is well written and directed by Tom Ford -LRB- ` A Single Man ' -RRB- and the acting is superb , especially by Amy Adams , Jake Gyllenhaal and Aaron Taylor-Johnson , who plays Ray Marcus , a killer in the novel .
A film with a surprising and subtle ending , where the hatred incubated in one story transforms into revenge in the next one ... and the next one , like a matryoshka doll . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film with a prodigious editing work and a soundtrack that establishes an emotional dialogue with the images . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A complex film that reflects on the lack of love and revenge . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... has no compelling center .
A visually suggestive and narratively audacious film , which aims to make the viewer live up to the elegance and intelligence that the script has . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A visually elegant and captivating film ; Without neglecting his training as a fashion designer , Ford contextualizes Susan 's overwhelm in a refined and haughty architectural setting . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Brilliant . My choice for Best Picture , Best Director , Best Actress , Best Cinematography , Best Screenplay and even Best Hair . This is Tom Ford -LRB- TM -RRB- s La Cte Basque , 1965 .
An elegant and cruel frustrated love story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's the most aesthetically audacious , thematically visceral movie you 'll see this year .
It is elegant , acted with real power and has a strong feeling for its an ordinary man faced with circumstances Liam Neeson might attempt to circumnavigate .
Writer-director Tom Ford 's psychological thriller is a glorified student film .
Nocturnal Animals is a revenge drama by a designer who deals in beauty then reveals his society 's ugliness .
It 's messy at times , and sure to be divisive , but again there 's an unexpected artistry in Ford 's writing and directing skills .
This adaptation ... presents a mishmash of styles , from hothouse drama to cool , elegant , and elliptical European art house .
Animated by a largely morbid revulsion at human beings that has disguised itself in a thick lacquer of outlandishly beautiful cinematography .
It 's a film about artists and those who aspire to be ; about regrets ; about past loves that , seen in the light of present pains , begin to sound like lost opportunities . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
A bitter story , and a morbid love letter and at the same time a loving declaration of hatred to Los Angeles . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A seductive , beautiful and ruthless psychological thriller with great perfomances from Amy Adams and Jake Gyllenhaal . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Although explicit violence and grotesque characters may get too much screen time , this is a solid neo-noir thriller .
Shannon makes even okay dialogue sound brilliant , and his facial expressions rival most novels in the `` good read '' category .
The back-and-forth arthouse vs. grindhouse content has the tension of an interrogation , but it would n't mean much if the film were n't loaded with personality , in front of the camera -LRB- Michael Shannon is a no-nonsense Texas detective -RRB- and behind .
A dark , disturbing thriller .
Tom Ford 's stutter-step distillation of the Austin Wright novel ... a blunted , mostly pretentious fusion of something by the Coens and , for the story-within-a-story , ` Hot Rods to Hell . '
` But it makes you think , ' some will argue ... true : it makes you think , ` The director had no clue how to end this ... so they did n't . '
It 's a handsome production , but ultimately lacking in substance .
-LSB- Ford squeezes -RSB- a turgid , overblown thriller out of an idiotic cul-de-sac of a novel , Tony and Susan , by the forgettable American writer Austin Wright .
Cynical and stylishly alluring , Nocturnal Animals is mostly a memorable success within the neo-noir genre and another indicator of the filmmaking talents of Tom Ford .
Tom Ford masters this tricky narrative by establishing two separate , completely tangible environments . What 's more , he maintains a consistent tone for both facets of this seductive story
`` Nocturnal Animals '' is more of an exercise in manipulation than a piercing story of paralyzed hearts , eventually dissolving into a movie of moments instead of a cohesive arc of illness .
The darker tone might not make the film work for everyone , but it proves to be a riveting and rewarding experience for those able to stick with it .
At once austere and salacious , grim and bubbly , the picture reminds that film is truly a limitless medium .
A metafictional and authentically filmic anagnorisis that consolidates Tom Ford as one of the majors postmodern geniuses . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
a bleak , but fascinating , rumination on relationships , betrayal , loss , and vengeance
It 's hard to determine whether Ford has created an complex look at failure or just pretentious garbage .
Nocturnal Animals matches Tom Ford 's A Single Man in terms of its visual vibrancy and solid performances , but it has opted to replace its beating heart with a leaden paperweight .
The fashion designer-turned-filmmaker has written and directed a stunning , visually stylish thriller-inside-of-a-thriller about intimacy and revenge . It 's also a likely best picture nominee .
This is primally exciting filmmaking . It 's enormously daring but , at the same time , both simple and hugely accomplished .
It 's less than revelatory . It 's more than depressing . It lacks any sympathetic protagonist . I could n't wait for it to be over . But , oh , that wickedly cynical ending makes it almost worthwhile .
It 's all interesting , even fascinating at times , but the overriding sense of detachmant is ultimately off-putting .
As a piece of visual ephemera , it 's a stunning achievement , as an in-depth look at the depravity of the human soul , it 's truly only skin deep .
By the end credits , Nocturnal Animals feels well worth the ride , even if it runs out of track in its final few minutes . It 's far from perfect , but also hardly needs to be in order to provide an intoxicating cinematic experience .
The Tom Ford film is stylistic confusion with no payoff . After the final frame you 'll ask yourself , `` Is that it ? '' But hey , sometimes it 's about style over substance . Right ?
This movie supplies the kind of surprises that let us know it is not to be trifled with .
At times its self-indulgence borders on self-parody , but it captures the mood of the book while also doing something new with the material . Nocturnal Animals is no Single Man , but it 's definitely all Tom Ford .
Nothing short of mesmerizing . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Nudity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Struts down the runway in edgy , eye-catching threads . But draped over that skin-and-bones frame is an improbable getup that , like most haute couture , no one will ever buy .
`` Nocturnal Animals '' keeps us at arm 's length , as if it was behind a glass case in a museum , demanding that the viewer admire the craftsmanship rather than truly feel it in our bones .
A violent emotional thriller meant to shock .
It seems like it 's all a cover for how simple and petty the central story ends up being .
Tom Ford 's moody film features a dark , violent story set within another . Suffer from depression ? Take an extra dose of whatever keeps you on an even keel . This is intense .
` Nocturnal Animals ' feels clinical and distant ; it 's more an autopsy of a failed relationship and Susan 's disappointment with her life .
We are in the presence of a filmmaker with an unusual vision and ambition that made one of the most distressing and disturbing films of this season . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Watching Nocturnal Animals is essentially like watching a Charles Bronson retrospective in a red velvet-wrapped salon during some minor European city 's film festival . The trappings culturally validate a Golan and Globus rape-revenge shocker
Gyllenhaal is so compelling to watch as a wounded author and broken husband/father , and Adams can sell sadness with a simple look . Shannon turns in yet another brilliant performance as the one person who thinks revenge is overrated .
Nocturnal Animals is a gorgeous , dark art-house drama about our most destructive emotions and actions with regard to relationships , regret and revenge .
Arty and grotesquely gorgeous , but hardly an uplifting tale . Think ` No Country For Old Men ' meets ` CSI : West Texas , ' by way of ` Twin Peaks . '
Emotionally disturbing , with a brilliant direction and an enigmatic association between its stories . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A jarring , uneasy social experiment that dares you to keep watching and subverts traditional ` hero 's journey ' storytelling modes thoroughly , if very obviously .
A film formed by a sum of magnetic moments that , nevertheless , does n't manages to deliver a speech with a level of transcendence according to its intentions . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Your mileage may vary but I found it more and more distasteful and mean-spirited as it played out .
Nocturnal Animals is an extraordinarily assured second film . If -LSB- Ford -RSB- needs another seven years to turn out something else of this calibre , we should be happy to wait .
It has many ingredients to be a great work , resulting in a fascinating but , unfortunately , uneven film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The result is a slow-acting poison pill of a movie , brutal and effective .
A Single Man was the work of a talented tourist ; this is the work of a true filmmaker .
A moody and deeply unsettling look at a pair of failed relationships , regrets and recriminations , and measures of emotional violence -- oh , shall we call it ` lashing out ' ? -- symbolized in physical violence .
A film with a developed staging and that creates an interesting dialectic between reality and fiction through images . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even as the questions build , the story and the images on the screen cast their own spell such that one is willing to put aside one 's puzzlement .
Nocturnal Animals is why they hate us , whoever we are for others to despise ... a billboard of cultural decadence , its grotesque nudity and violence polished to an empty , artful sheen . ISIS could use it for recruitment , an example of the infidel enemy
Nocturnal Animals feels like a tawdry paperback but looks like a Taschen coffee-table book .
The stories at the heart of the film are primal in their effectiveness , achieving a bristling intimacy I was stunned by .
It 's a gorgeously designed work that hides its savage commentary beneath a glossy veneer .
Under a design appearance and amazing interpretations , Tom Ford exposes how intoxicating and disturbing fiction can be . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It would be too much to call Ford 's film a mere exercise in style , though it 's also too much to think there 's a lot more beneath what we 're seeing . Still , we are enthralled .
Mesmerizing and entertaining . A movie that rattles around in your head for days after you see it .
Nocturnal Animals has style and ambition to spare , yet as a whole Tom Ford 's dark psychological thriller rings hollow .
Finding substance beneath those surfaces is not easy .
Sleek and sophisticated , focusing on surreal passions and suspenseful revenge ...
The performances by Adams , Gyllenhaal and Michael Shannon make the jarring collision of Susan 's polished life and the bloody grimness of Edward 's fiction feel like two sides of the same coin .
An admirable effort by all involved , Nocturnal Animals ends up being one of those films that 's more fun to talk about afterwards than it is to actually watch .
Ford delivers a tiresomely weird drama that 's pitched somewhere between the cinematic realms of directors David Lynch .
Writer-director Tom Ford , in his second movie -LRB- following 2009 's `` A Single Man '' -RRB- , ca n't connect the dots on an emotional level .
`` Nocturnal Animals '' is , I think , a beautiful mess , but I might have to watch it again to be sure .
Designer turned director Tom Ford uses his gift for striking visuals to create a must-see .
Susan quickly becomes an unnecessary player in a story that is , ultimately , about her .
Trying to weigh this spellbinding film 's multifaceted carnage is a mesmerizing experience that requires as much soul-searching as detective work .
Male anger and resentment drive this savage tale , a thriller as gripping as it is stomach-churningly frank .
A haunting deconstruction , worthy of Hitchcock , of a vulnerable socialite 's very fragile psyche .
... Ford 's now two-for-two record confirms his place as a seriously promising new filmmaker .
Dark , Confusing and big waste of great talent
An intriguing , well-wrought film that explores penetrating questions . But for all its strengths it never quite breaks the surface .
A seriously mature work , a terrifying thriller for adults that has staggering resonance in the wake of the US election results .
The problem with this film is that the story within the story is better than the story . The best part of it is that Michael Shannon gives an award-quality performance .
It 's fabulous work that asks much of the viewer , who is left to interpret and distill . It 's subliminal art at its finest . And it does what art does best : get you thinking and talking .
Its mystery and its emotions are , in the moment , something to be treasured .
Leave it to Ford to make a vengeance film that could double as a Gucci ad it 's so gorgeous .
There are moments of frustration and exhilaration sprinkled throughout this provocative if muddled thriller that weaves a compelling tale of obsession , revenge and murder without allowing its excesses to spill over into high camp .
In aesthetics and tone , Nocturnal Animals brought Darren Aronofsky 's 2010 horror/thriller Black Swan to mind . It 's less crazy , but just as satisfying if you accept it on its own wild-ride terms .
Adams , slightly hampered by the busy plot , carries the film as a woman realizing distressing truths about herself . Gyllenhaal , especially as Tony , powerfully portrays anger and desperation .
Tom Ford 's stylish Nocturnal Animals features stellar performances and a skillfully woven , powerful tale of revenge .
Nocturnal Animals , written and directed by Tom Ford , is essentially two separate films , with the better one folded inside the bad one .
Tom Ford 's Nocturnal Animals dives so far through the proverbial looking glass that it lands nowhere in particular .
Fashion designer Tom Ford , who wrote the screenplay and directed , has stitched together a romantic thriller where parts are more satisfying than the whole .
The second effort by fashion designer turned writer-director Tom Ford -LRB- A Single Man -RRB- is a roadside horror film wrapped inside a chichi relationship movie .
Stylish , stylized , remote drama is violent , intense .
`` Nocturnal Animals '' is nothing less than a sumptuous immersive viewing experience showcasing a design targeted at something deeper than the thin veneer that could be scratched easily but would require more work to properly penetrate .
In only his second motion picture ... Ford exhibits a flair for detail and narrative drive that often daunts the most accomplished filmmakers .
As a seductive fiction , Nocturnal Animals itself leaves something to be desired .
Amy Adams ' talent makes us understand Susan 's gradual , gut wrenching realization , but in making Wright 's themes more obvious , Ford has also given us less reason to care , his approach more satirical .
A ridiculous , high-camp mess that could easily be mistaken for substance , if it were n't so irredeemably silly .
There 's much to admire in `` Nocturnal Animals , '' including Mr. Ford 's ambition , but too often it feels like the work of an observant student .
When the big , phony gut-punches come in the final act , they 're met with a resounding , `` That 's it ? ''
Tom Ford hits it out of the park with a stunning film noir that resonates with ghostly , poetic terror . Do n't overthink what Ford has so cunningly crafted . Surrender to it .
A sexy thriller that is neither sexy nor thrilling .
Boasts some gripping scenes and a few stabs at satire , but ultimately offers little beyond its assured sense of style .
Adapting his screenplay from Austin Wright 's 1993 novel Tony and Susan , Ford interweaves influences and style obsessions with an exactitude bordering on malevolence .
It 's a tale bluntly told that arouses intense , evanescent emotion and then leaves you haunted , long afterward , by provocative but arguably answerable questions .
Like Ford 's debut , Nocturnal Animals treats film as a medium of luxury , where the emotive and the self-indulgent cross paths . He is primarily a sensualist .
-LSB- Ford -RSB- invests a tricky narrative juggling act with an intensity of human feeling that is the opposite of skin-deep . He tears through the veil of slick , self-admiring style that has both unlocked and at times obscured his very real merits as an artist .
-LSB- Hews -RSB- closer to the embarrassing pastiche of Atom Egoyan 's Where the Truth Lies than the exquisite smoke-and-mirrors of Brian De Palma 's Femme Fatale .
Tom Ford 's fashionable thriller , cut on the bias , will appeal to loyal audience .
Ford 's second film , after 2009 's A Single Man , is n't for everybody . But it 's an impressive writing/directing turn from a pop cultural figure determined to prove he 's not a one-trick pony .
You could dismiss it as a stylish exercise , except that he seems to be chasing some powerful messages that never quite crystallize .
Ultimately the drama , adapted from a 1993 book by Austin Wright , constitutes a loose assemblage of ideas about romantic betrayal , selfishness , and regret .
Movies with characters who have so much at stake should not hang on the screen like works of modern art .
There 's a story within a story here , one more compelling and relatable than the other . Perhaps that 's by design .
A lurid film noir , but one done so stylishly that it transcends the genre .
The movie works unnervingly well in its individual scenes , but it 's a coffee-table book of a nightmare , easy to admire , easy to close the cover on .
This movie leaves an impression that 's difficult to shake .
The movie 's lofty narrative ambitions never quite catch up with its aesthetics , but it 's still a fantastic beast of a film , intoxicating and strange .
It 's a ravishingly gorgeous film , and Gyllenhaal in particular gives a howlingly good performance .
Plays like a very serious , arthouse adaptation of an Avril Lavigne song , except Sk8er Boi had more narrative content .
Like the crime novel at the center of the story , it demonstrates the power that a great piece of fiction can have on you , even one as polarizing and challenging as this .
Nocturnal Animals is at its core about making hard decisions and living through the inevitable consequences , though told with some serious artistic flash .
Like war photography , Ford wants to find the beauty in darkness .
An American mosaic charred in disillusionment and regret , `` Nocturnal Animals '' is mysterious , disturbing , and altogether devastating .
There are points where the film is satirical , then sad , then outrageous , but it just never quite fits of a piece .
A romantic thriller of mesmeric beauty , suspenseful , eerie and singular .
If this movie were a person , it would be constantly admiring itself in the mirror .
Tom Ford 's stylish , complex suspense thriller is actually worthy of Hitchcock in many ways . A superb ensemble cast also does n't hurt .
Ford never finds the proper way to blend the complex narratives into a coherent and cohesive structure .
Nocturnal Animals , for all the refinement of its storytelling , its elegantly framed settings , feels at times like the work of a wounded teenager . But that , I think , is also partly the point .
It sounds a little too clever , but it 's not . It 's just clever enough .
An engrossing film noir smothered in a fashionista 's aesthetics .
Tom Ford remains too reliant on overwrought imagery , residual prestige affectations , and conventional rhythms to break free of either genre the film experiments with .
At core level , the narrative arc -LRB- as adapted from Austin Wright 's source novel -RRB- is too slight to justify the meandering menace preceding it .
I felt sorry for Gyllenhaal , berated in both his personae for being weak , and for Adams , strapped and laced into a role that scarcely lets her breathe .
Where A Single Man heaved with emotion as it bewitched the eye , Nocturnal Animals seethes with emptiness .
-LSB- Ford -RSB- never seems in full control of either his convoluted form or his lurid content .
A bewitching blend of classical and modernist cinema .
Tom Ford 's heightened approach to storytelling may alienate some viewers . But his style is n't just for show : it embodies how the characters in his films are concealing truths , wearing masks , reciting social scripts .
A film that captivates by its rhythm in crescendo , also because of its gloomy and cold aspect , and takes advantage of the snob lifestyle and the contemporary art that surrounds the antiheroine . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Tom Ford steps up to the celluloid big leagues with Nocturnal Animals , a deeply disquieting film that resists classification -- even precise meaning -- up until the final frame .
-LSB- Nocturnal Animals -RSB- lacks the substance it seems to strive for , never really justifies its structure to any meaningful degree and , ultimately , does n't match the sum of its parts .
As he showed with his Christopher Isherwood adaptation A Single Man -- a film which defined the difference between solitude and loneliness -- Ford is a master when it comes to atmosphere .
Performances across the board are completely attuned to the unusual structure of the screenplay , and convey both a despair and hope that only intensifies as the ending comes into view .
Nocturnal Animals is a colder , more misanthropic creation . But the resolution of the intertwining narratives is expertly-handled . And the film 's impact lingers long after the credits have rolled .
... every aesthetic choice is specific and considered ...
With a cast on great form , a tricky narrative told in a confident way , and excellent technical qualities , there 's a whole lot to enjoy in Tom Ford 's second feature .
It 's impressive ... but also arid , and superficial , a film composed of brilliant moments that lacks unity and is too concerned with itself to truly come to life .
Far too much time is devoted to the novel 's story and too little to the present-day characters , while the themes and revelations are all rather pat . However , it is well acted and photographed .
Those narrative notions ultimately prove to be Nocturnal Animals ' undoing , but from performances to tension , it has its moments .
On first viewing , I was knocked out . Second time around , the film seemed more cleverly complex but also more calculating .
The best greetings are always personalised .
The scalpel-steel chill that left some of A Single Man 's critics cold works with , rather than against , the material .
Most of us would struggle to justify the high cost of a Tom Ford suit but when it comes to the ticket price of a Tom Ford movie , I ca n't recommend the later more strongly enough .
Sublimely beautiful to look at and propelled by a soulful , expressive score quavering with anticipation , the film takes us on a devastating journey in which layers of superficiality are ripped away to reveal ugly violence at its most primal
Nocturnal Animals is phenomenally good .
Like many compulsive stylists , -LSB- Ford -RSB- does n't trust the meaning of his movie to spring up of its own accord or in defiance of his own meticulous plan for it .
It often resembles an exercise in seeing to what extent quote-unquote good taste can be used to dress up bad .
Even if the action-mystery dominates the subtler scenes , the film remains a moving look at the impossibility of achieving happiness , love , success and redemption at the same time .
Cracking stuff .
As gratuitously cruel as A Single Man was tender .
This narrative has serious Southern Gothic potential , but Nocturnal Animals sadly adds up to little more than a conservative morality ad .
The icy sophistication of the Los Angeles art scene jarringly collides with the hot violence of the west Texas desert in director Tom Ford 's bruisingly accomplished revenge thriller .
The thriller elements have genuine gut-wrenching power , but everything around them is comically severe .
One of the most brutal and intelligent nerve-jangling thrillers of 2016 .
A clever , complex exploration of emasculation , humiliation and revenge with a brilliant ensemble cast ...
Tom Ford 's second film as director is an intriguing , beautifully beguiling experience that provides plenty of food for thought . But there 's also the suspicion that it 's a sadistic piece of work in beautiful dressing .
The grand designer Tom Ford has even grander designs on the cinema nowadays .
Ford made his priorities clear when he named his film after Edward 's novel rather than allowing the story , as Tony and Susan did , to occupy a space equidistant between art and life .
For all its problems with tone -LRB- monotonous -RRB- and theme -LRB- obvious -RRB- , Nocturnal Animals is ` well made ' , in that Ford has assembled a very talented group of technical collaborators .
It 's 'T is Pity She 's a Whore translated to a present-day world of trash wealth , fickle love and Damien Hirst terror mortis . And it 's pretty damn good .
Stylishly directed , smartly written and superbly acted , this is a hauntingly dark revenge tale that exerts a powerful emotional grip .
Ford 's artfully composed and emotionally clever noir is well-paced and , in stark contrast to the naked flesh that opens the film , never , ever sags .
Tom Ford 's returns as director after a seven-year break with a psychological thriller elegantly blended with romance .
Style is substance in Ford 's second film . Unlike many puzzle-piece movies , it thrills on every level .
Nocturnal Animals is a startlingly good movie which has you mesmerised from the opening scene .
It 's a movie that explores the invigorating , engrossing impact of fiction - a beguiling creation that shows , appropriately enough , the way a great story can get right under the skin .
It 's a slick and sexy endeavor , assembling veteran craftsmen from all over the industry . Ford is a technical natural , building tension like a native language .
What it all boils down to is a grand , sometimes overwhelming feast for the senses .
Nocturnal Animals is a film about lapses - lapses in time , memory and relationships . It 's also a film that lapses in quality and consistency of tone .
Sleek and crisp , as is Ford 's style , but with scenes of domestic terror and toxic masculinity so tautly rendered , you sort of wish he 'd just gone all the way with it and made an art-house ` Last House on the Left . '
Tom Ford 's Nocturnal Animals is cinema at its most vibrant .
Aided -LSB- by the -RSB- sumptuous cinematography of Seamus McGarvey , the surgically precise editing of Joan Sobel , and a murderer 's row of acting talent , Ford 's sophomore effort is bursting with confidence , which it uses to subvert our expectations .
Throw in a brilliant score , impeccable visuals and some Lynchian touches , and we have ourselves a real winner .
An entertaining drama with an exquisite art direction and performances that make this film a grim experience . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This film has a plot with twists that , even though are not surprising , are enough to keep a certain level of suspense and tension . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Deliciously entertaining
The main problem of this ambitious film relies in the incapacity of finding a way to merge its own dimensions . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An utterly fascinating motion picture , even with all of its deficiencies , that ventures deep into the difficult wilds of the artistic experience and has the audacity to be vicious once it gets there .
Nocturnal Animals does n't have much substance , but its dazzling style is hard to completely resist .
None of the thoughtfulness , care , or compassion that was so evident in Ford 's 2009 directorial debut A Single Man is evident in this follow-up feature . Much like Susan herself , it 's all very well-funded , well put-together , and agonizingly empty .
Each Nocturnal Animals story thread is of a tonal piece , all about striking poses as opposed to exploring humanity .
Nocturnal Animals confirms Tom Ford as an essential director , as he gives us two dazzling stories that combine for one powerful movie experience .
After making a promising -LRB- if overly showy -RRB- directorial debut with A Single Man , Ford goes off the deep end with this overheated , ludicrous melodrama .
This is a superb movie , one which looks bound to pick up awards and to confirm Ford 's position as every bit as important a figure in cinema as in fashion .
It 's a movie that gets under your skin , into your bones , and leaves you feeling as trapped as its two doomed protagonists .
A supremely clever and pulsatingly gripping emotional thriller , which ingeniously tells three stories at once .
This is a finely crafted , visually sumptuous film with fine performances all round .
In the end , Nocturnal Animals barely feels like a film made by a human being . You could just dub it a `` stylish exercise '' and call it a day . But I just ca n't shake the fact that Ford somehow wants it to be more .
An elegant and smart film with unique and refreshing visuals . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If the two halves do n't quite balance , nonetheless it all looks terrific , the work of one of the great controlling eyes .
Everything that works in Nocturnal Animals is intoxicating , provocative , delicious - and happily , so is everything that does n't .
The sort of narratively bold exercise in page-turning suspense and cinematic class that used to be synonymous with Hollywood .
The film once again demonstrates that Ford is both an intoxicating sensualist and an accomplished storyteller , with as fine an eye for character detail as he has for color and composition .
Tom Ford 's `` Nocturnal Animals '' is a feast for the eyes and a fun-size Mars Bar for the brain . It 's also highly enjoyable , when it 's not trying to be serious and make heavy points about the interrelation of art and life .
Nocturnal Animals holds enough that 's fascinating and baffling to signal that Ford has a future in cinema .
Feels almost unbearably cruel and cynical .
Tom Ford 's first film since ` A Single Man ' is another winner , an ambitious high-wire noir thriller with Amy Adams and Jake Gyllenhaal in an explosive tale of love , violence , and revenge .
Tom Ford takes his stylish shears to Austin Wright 's intricate 1993 novel Tony And Susan , cutting and splicing to re-assemble a gleaming array of images in a narrative Russian doll .
This is a terrifically absorbing thriller with that vodka-kick of pure malice .
All the more impressive for being two movies in one : the kind of `` sad people in nice houses '' tale you might expect from the couturier-turned-filmmaker , and a down-and-dirty West Texas revenge thriller that calls to mind Sam Peckinpah .

@highlight

Well-acted and lovely to look at , Nocturnal Animals further underscores writer-director Tom Ford 's distinctive visual and narrative skill .