This film was able to fill 90 minutes with the dissection of one scene , but the road is as full of success as it is with imprudence . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Passionate cinephiles . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
For those who love Alfred Hitchcock . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Anatomy of a -LRB- beautiful -RRB- murder . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
78/52 is a puzzle that we solve only to realize that we are the monsters . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
No matter how many times you 've seen Janet Leigh 's luckless Marion fall victim in this 1960 classic , you 'll discover fresh nuances and perspectives .
Hitchock makes us believe that we see something we do not see . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
78/52 is both a loving tribute to the work Hitchcock did as well as a sharp , enlightening lesson in what makes Psycho so special .
Who does n't remember where he was when Leigh shed black bra and slip , unwrapped a bar of complimentary Bates Motel soap , and washed away her sins ? ... Unfortunately doc 's scholarship feels sketchy , arbitrary .
Philippe 's geekiness is infectious . His passion for film shines through most when he invites some of his interviewees-like horror nerd Elijah Wood and his friends-to watch the film on camera and comment on its foreshadowing and subtle motifs .
The calibre of interviewees and the level of their insights in Alexandre O. Philippe 's film is on the distinctly variable side , closer to one of those I Love ... nostalgia-fests that are used to pad out the television schedules than to something valuable .
Call it a primer in film criticism and analysis , as well as a testament to Alfred Hitchcock 's mastery of form ...
Hitchcock 's shower scene may never leave the pop culture of fear it helped create .
A fascinating look at the most fascinating moment in what is arguably the most fascinating movie in the Hitchcock catalog .
That a sequence depicting voyeurism should have drawn such myopic scrutiny is an irony not lost on the film-makers . The documentary 's dedication reads : `` To mother . '' Very droll .
To witness the sequence broken down in forensic detail is to appreciate its economy of storytelling anew , and to see its influence on subsequent popular culture , but to do so for 90 minutes might stretch even a superfan 's patience .
Much like Walter Murch 's breakdown on the montage of cuts , these fresh perspectives are incredibly compelling . It 's a bit of tease and disappointing that there is n't more time spent on these subjects .
There 's some fascinating material here ... about a film which broke so many taboos and changed the whole landscape of movie-making . It even altered the way films were shown .
Movie buffs and Hitchcock fans will adore this fascinating insight into a classic .
78/52 is a Hitchcock primer crafted with medical precision and heartfelt devotion . It 's a quenching exploration of an unsettling scene that has transcended pop culture .
The infamous shower scene in Alfred Hitchcock 's Psycho gets taken apart , fabulously dissected , then reassembled for this expansive and essential Hollywood documentary named after the scene 's 78 camera set-ups and 52 edits .
78/52 is a fascinating affair , bound to appeal to movie lovers and social theorists alike even if it does sometimes seem more like a film studies lecture than a conventional piece of entertainment .
A documentary with wit , intelligence and negative-sum dull moments .
Psycho 's accepted greatness means we can leave it on the shelf as we look for newer sensations . This prompts an urgent desire to revisit it .
Does for Norman 's place what Room 237 did for the Overlook : reopens old haunts for welcome re-investigation .
A 30 minute film stretched to feature length .
Nimbly striking a balance between fun flashback and serious discussion , 78/52 is an engaging and insightful companion piece to a truly influential piece of cinema .
A seemingly unending number of industry insiders -LRB- editors , writers , etc -RRB- offer their own takes on the meaning of the scene , going so far as to dissect it nearly frame by frame .
There 's little that countless past books and documentaries have n't covered already , but it 's fun to listen to the picture discussed by filmmakers young and old including Guillermo del Toro , Elijah Wood , and Peter Bogdanovich .
While some of the sociological theorizing voiced by a variety of talking heads here may prompt some eye-rolling , the frame-by-frame dissection of the sequence by fanboy and fangirl filmmakers in awe of its artistry is exhilarating .
It 's a much more mature and worthwhile effort than director Alexandre O. Philippe 's movie from a few years ago about how George Lucas ruined whiny guys ' childhoods .
I found this film absolutely mesmerizing . If you 're any kind of film buff , 78/52 is a must-see .
For everyone else who has ever thought studying film would suck all the joy out of actually watching films , stay well clear .
Obsessive but accessible , the deepest dive imaginable into one of the most celebrated scenes in movie history , the documentary `` 78/52 '' looks at a brief three minutes of cinema the way it 's never been looked at before .
78/52 is at its best when the shower is running and we 're engaged with the making of this notorious murder scene .
Alexandre O. Philippe 's close reading of the Psycho shower scene is as refreshingly fun and perceptive as his documentary 's name -LRB- referring to Alfred Hitchcock 's 78 camera setups and 52 edits over three violent minutes -RRB- is eggheaded and clinical .
Even the most informed Hitchcock fan will learn something - for me , it was the realization that when Leigh 's character gets in the tub , she first stands beneath the showerhead and THEN turns on the water . Who does that ?
Essential viewing , even if you have to watch through your fingers .
There are some interesting insights here - and a fair bit of redundant and derivative waffle ...
78/52 is an orgy for movie obsessives . It makes you see the familiar with fresh eyes .
In providing a detailed analysis of the shower scene in Hitchcock 's horror milestone , makes a persuasive case for Psycho as the film that jump-started modern cinema .
-LSB- 78/52 -RSB- is a fully considered investigation of a landmark moment in movie history .
In its way , 78/52 is also a spiritual tribute to the obsession that Hitchcock himself brought to the famed sequence .
Nerdy in its approach and scattershot in its presentation , it goes deep to prove that the shower scene changed how movies were made for decades to come . A buzz for bona fide film fans .
78/52 comes to life when riffing on the psychosexual perversity of Psycho , which changed cinema 's relationship with sex and violence .
Documentary about one of cinema 's most infamous scenes gets a razor-sharp , if not entirely thorough , examination .
It 's a screen moment to treat with total reverence - and so enduring it could sustain `` 78/52 : Part 2 . ''
It ... seems overly breezy and insufficiently detailed , just skimming the surface .
`` 78/52 '' delves far deeper into the shower scene analysis than anything I have seen or read before , and that is quite a bit .
78/52 is a film nerd 's paradise anchored by an enthusiastic group of Hitchcock talking heads .
even viewers who think they know the sequence backwards will find plenty of incisive new insight here .
78/52 is frustratingly unfocused and woefully incomplete , skirting one of the shower scene 's most obvious-and arguably important-aspects .
... the film still feels more general than it needs to be . Still , 78/52 remains a welcome rumination , encouraging viewers to cherish this part of cinema history and more closely examine films with this type of passion and acumen .
A stellar documentary highly suggested for horror buffs , film lovers , and aspiring filmmakers alike .
What makes the viewing experience of 78/52 so impressively frustrating is the sense that Philippe has no idea whose arguments and analyses are actually worth following .
This documentary is essential viewing for anyone with an interest in the craft of filmmaking , and Hitchcock fans will love it .
As with the original , you ca n't look away .
Director Alexandre O. Philippe unpacks an entire semester 's worth of cinema studies , coming to a unified theory of how one act of on-screen murder became the perfect `` image of the uncaring universe . ''
-LSB- No -RSB- film has stared so deeply into the long shadow cast by onscreen violence as Phillipe 's often-mesmerising study -LRB- fittingly lensed in beautiful monochrome -RRB- .
A sprightly and informative breakdown marred by only a couple of questionable aesthetic decisions and a regrettably dude-heavy panel of talking heads .
A fascinating examination of a piece of masterful cinema , but it is also a sobering examination of a film that took the industry , and the culture , down a much more graphic and explicit path .
' 78/52 ' is thoughtful , verbose , and very funny , but more than anything , it 's a celebration of film , and what it 's capable of .
If you 're slightly interested in how movies get made , it 's a treat .
For all the pointy-headed geekery and technical expertise on display , 78/52 never loses sight of the fact that the Psycho scene is so important because it works so damn well , even now .
Philippe spends ninety minutes dissecting a two-minute scene , and in doing so reveals the depth of Hitchock 's genius in a way a much broader discussion likely could n't .
The film picks up when it gets down to shot-by-shot analysis , allowing editors and other interviewees to break down one of the most famous sequences in movie history .
It 's ultimately not a movie about Psycho as much as it 's about the shower scene . It 's the double-edged sword of focusing on a few moments at the neglect of what surrounds those moments .
Overall , Philippe does a fantastic job with 78/52 and gives fans of both Psycho and the legendary filmmaker behind it a wealth of material to delve into .
A resourceful , if rather hyperbolic documentary that devotes 90 minutes to analyzing one of the most famous scenes in film history .
For a long time now , Alfred Hitchcock 's `` Psycho '' has been two movies , and the hypnotic film-geek documentary `` 78/52 '' is an ingenious and irreverent master class in both of them .
Philippe 's tribute to Hollywood 's most famous stabbing is an archival feast .

@highlight

78/52 : Hitchcock 's Shower Scene takes a look at one of modern cinema 's most memorable moments , offering insights of value to cineastes and casual viewers alike .