Southside With You is a lovely notion , a celebratory biography , and a slightly presumptuous memorial all wrapped up in a dreamy romantic date movie .
I feel bad for anyone who would avoid it on the basis of political considerations .
Southside With You does n't need to preach , shout or wave its racial bona fides like a battle-worn banner . Instead , it embraces us , conspiratorially acknowledging a shared understanding that change requires fighting for hope and love in every moment .
Their abstract gazes , alone in their separate homes at evening 's end , will resonate with anyone who has ever suddenly been in love .
-LSB- Southside with you -RSB- should make stars of -LSB- Parker -RSB- Sawyers and -LSB- Tika -RSB- Sumpter .
Writer/director Richard Tanne 's Southside with You manages a delicate and thrilling balancing act .
Southside with You , while sweet and overly schmaltzy at times , powerfully reminds viewers that the story the Obamas gave us over the past eight years is one worth holding onto and retelling for future generations .
The movie puts Michelle - an independent , empowered , black woman - up on a pedestal , which seems natural until you remember how rarely movies do this .
Sumpter and Sawyers have beautifully captured all the smallest details about the larger than life , real-life characters they portray .
There is simplicity and verisimilitude , even emotion and suspense , in the development of the plot but its incompleteness takes away much of the repercussion to which it aspires . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even though the audience knows how this story ends up , the film does little to shed light on how it truthfully started .
The film focuses on real , obtainable love . It 's the kind of love that inspires you to be better .
They end up seeing Spike Lee 's revelatory Do the Right Thing , and the history in moments such as that give weight to Richard Tanne 's sweet , sturdy romantic drama
An ordinary story , told with realism and sobriety that are unusual in American cinema . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A charming film , with dialogues and convincing situations and with two protagonists who know how to convey the feelings of the beginning in a love story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of those selective biopics , bathed in African American culture and that can be read just like a romantic comedy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Southside With You is a hagiography tormented by the truth .
With a pair of great performances and a fascinating premise , Southside with You is a leisurely-paced , but intriguing , look at a piece of romantic history .
The duo make for good company but the courtship can only just sustain the weight of history .
Works best as both a combined character study and a snapshot of issues that remain all too relevant .
The film turns a potentially grating one-trick pony into a fascinating snapshot of America , the black experience and two future leaders in the throes of some kind of awakening .
... super likable , charming and romantic ...
-LSB- Southside With You -RSB- puts on a screen , for everyone to see , a romantic courtship between educated African Americans , the kind that Hollywood rarely depicts .
A truly horrible TV movie premise -- let 's re-create the first romantic date between Barack and Michelle Obama -- is given serious intellectual and emotional heft in the writer-director Richard Tanne 's feature debut
Decent performances notwithstanding , there 's a cloying quality to some of the scenes that turns the romance of the president and his first lady into something akin to a magazine photo story .
The film itself is relatively slight , but it 's warm , engaging and likeable . In fact , it 's a perfect choice for a first date .
As a multi-faceted character study - of a couple , a nation , a racial identity - there are surprises around every corner .
A gently likable , Linklaterish movie that ideologically conflates romantic excitement with progressive idealism , bringing in some unexpected subtleties .
Even if you did n't know what comes next , this story of the first days of the Obamas would still seduce as a sweet , smart romance .
Viewers get the sense of the couple as two intelligent , idealistic people simply getting to know each other , and they are admirably fleshed out by the actors .
First-time filmmaker Richard Tanne conjures an effective sense of time and place -- Chicago , 1989 -- and the leads are a real find , radiating authority , charm and chemistry .
A charming , cute , partially fictionalized dramatization of the Obamas ' first date - but the film 's centerpiece scene fails -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
Stumbles occasionally , but still manages to cast a hushed spell that never entirely fades .
A small , successful sketch of now-great lives .
It 's of great commendation to all involved that we 're dealing with a film presented as a ` will they-won ' t they ' where you know fully well they will , and yet it matters little .
Southside With You transcends `` date '' film terrain to a nuanced character study of the onset of the United States ' future presidential family .
They attend ` Do the Right Thing , ' and Spike Lee 's provocative movie mirrors , in expressionistic fashion , the hours-long debate over racial identity , social responsibility and `` Afrocentric '' art that runs through Barack and Michelle 's day together .
A tremendous walk-and-talk romance that would work just fine devoid of context . But it 's that context that puts it over the top - into `` best of the year '' territory .
In the closing months of their terms , Bush got a ` Nixon , ' and Obama got a ` Before Sunrise . '
Hagiographic retelling of Obama 's first date likely to disappoint those uninitiated into his cult of personality .
Southside With You showcases a city as photogenic , dynamic , and charming as the lovers themselves .
In our present climate , it 's as welcome as a scoop of ice cream on a hot summer day .
Southside With You is n't just a crystal ball look at history in the making . It 's fun to peek into the past and figure out how Barack and Michelle became who they are today , but these characters also exude a timeless , universal appeal .
This is a small-scale romance with small ambitions but fairly big heart .
Tanne focuses on showing who they are , not telling us through wordy dialogue . By filling in the blanks with the political landscape , the scope of this one date night broadens to capture the spirit of Chicago in the summer of 1989 .
Though often charming and clearly well-intentioned , it feels a bit awkward .
Southside With You is a sweet date movie that serves as an unexpected respite from the current firestorm of political absurdity .
Writer-director Richard Tanne , at times , creates banter between the pair worthy of a Spencer Tracy-Katharine Hepburn exchange .
Tanne 's on-screen myth-making is a bland cocktail of race , class , and super-chaste sexuality , going so far past Authorized Flattery that it resembles a hustle .
If you can set politics aside for 80 delightful minutes , even the staunchest Republicans will swoon over `` Southside with You . ''
President Obama 's fans and haters alike will find something to enjoy in this slightly stilted yet oddly fascinating account of the Harvard law student 's first date with Michelle Robinson , the woman who would eventually become his wife .
Southside with You is unmistakably worthy of a second date .
A socially charged and robustly intellectual love story , but a love story nonetheless .
A sweet and minor bit of hagiography ...
Sawyers is uncannily good as Obama while avoiding plain mimicry . He 's the proverbial young man in a hurry , only too cool to let you see him sprint . Sumpter has the trickier , tougher role -LRB- the first lady probably knows the feeling -RRB- .
People need to see Southside with You . It 's a wonderful romance . Wistful , ebullient , full of energy and life , Tanne 's movie crosses races and political boundaries .
The joy in experiencing the movie is simply watching two people getting to know each other , with all of the awkward moments , little sparks and such that occur on first dates . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Southside With You is quietly romantic , but more than that , it burns with a deep sense of optimism .
Southside with You stumbles like so many could-be great biopics , by being overly reverential to its subjects .
A gentle , rose-tinted piece of political nostalgia-one that glances at the divisions in American society , but still casts a optimistic view toward whatever 's next .
Subtly sweet , a heartfelt date movie - aimed specifically at an audience that relishes fictionalized famous romances , like Jacqueline Bouvier/John Kennedy & Prince Charles/Diana Spencer .
Southside With You , while sweet and never less than reverent with its subjects , is hardly one of the great on-screen romances . It 's also remarkably devoid of tension .
Southside gives us the background and back stories of this bright , attractive , ambitious couple .
... scores by keeping its focus simple and its ambitions modest .
Southside With You is more than a carefree portrait of young love , but how much more may depend on your ability to keep your political perspectives at arm 's length .
Though it 's barely 84 minutes long , this buoyant yet reflective movie captures the ever-shifting mood of a daylong encounter that changed both its protagonists ' lives .
Witty , winning , but sometimes long-winded tale of love .
A surprisingly delightful little treat .
One of the surprising strengths of writer-director Richard Tanne 's delightful film is that it does n't rely on our knowledge that , someday , these two twenty-somethings we 're watching will become president and first lady .
It 's breezy and cute and will do absolutely nothing to sway anyone 's politics . Which is exactly the point .
`` Southside With You '' plays like `` Before Sunrise '' if those two characters had a really epic epilogue .
For a film with relatively modest intentions , Southside With You can stir up some epic and opposing waves of emotion .
We just do n't see this kind of thing here in America , but there 's also never been a couple in the White House like Barack and Michelle Obama .
It 's so respectful I could barely keep my eyes open , but first-rate performances from Sumpter and Sawyers pulled me through .
`` Southside With You '' is a terrific film - funny , romantic , respectful without being stuffy and , yes , inspiring .
It 's like an extended version of a convention video , crafted to please the faithful and maybe haul in a few uncommiteds .
The actors prove their ability to make the jump to lead roles and Richard Tanne is off to a great start as a filmmaker of note .
One would n't quite say this date movie is political , but this deeply personal portrayal of the President and First Lady is inherently political -- asserting their humanity and the specific life experiences that brought them to the White House .
Utterly witty , charming , and captivating .
A deceptively simple , remarkably lean , and well-paced indie pic about the young Barack Obama 's first date with the young first-lady-to-be Michelle Robinson .
... a delight from start to finish . As they begin to fall in love , so do we .
Southside With You has a claim to relevance for anyone who was moved even a little bit by the inauguration , or , almost 20 years earlier , by Do the Right Thing .
The point is not what they will become but ... the specific connection between these two people at this particular moment in time .
Only a chosen few know how accurate the movie is , but to Tanne 's credit , most of the effort feels like a documentary .
The mollifying figure on display here bears little resemblance to the hyperpartisan president Obama turned out to be , but it 's sweet to remember things could have been different .
Tanne 's imagining of the first couple 's first date should prove both sweet and surprisingly revealing .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- breezy , warm and romantic , if ultimately somewhat slight . In other words , the complete opposite of the past eight years .
How pleasant to watch a subtle , sweet-natured romantic tale about Barack and Michelle Obama devoid of the partisan rancor and rhetoric of the ongoing presidential campaign .
Tanne presents a Richard Linklater-style examination of a day and evening together , where two people in their 20s - she a lawyer at a downtown firm and he a summer associate at the same shop - slowly come to know each other .
A sweet date-night movie about a date that was n't really a date . Until it was .
Unlike the vast majority of supposed love stories , `` Southside With You '' is a romance that makes it clear why the lovers are falling for each other .
While it contains some minor political elements - as does real life - this is at heart a near-perfect date movie , a nonpartisan walking and talking love story .
Mr. Tanne has clearly made a close study of his real-life inspirations , yet his movie is soon hostage to the couple 's history . His characters feel on loan and , despite his actors , eventually make for dull company ...
This insightfully written , tightly directed and superbly acted drama captures an adult first date 's magical discoveries , growing attractions and the slowly earned melding of minds and hearts -LRB- plus the melting of ice cream later -RRB- .
As the one-day POTUS and first lady , Sawyers and Sumpter capture the familiar essence of this now well-known couple without impersonating them , imagining them with a fresh perspective about who they were long before becoming famous .
Here 's the date movie of the year , about a first 1989 date between Barack Obama -LRB- Parker Sawyers -RRB- and Michelle Robinson -LRB- Tika Sumpter -RRB- . Both actors are terrific , suggesting the powerhouses they 're playing without undue mimickry .
This is n't pure hero worship , either ; it 's the work of a filmmaker enchanted by his subjects as a couple , not as conduits of history .
Southside does n't hang on epiphanies ; instead , it delivers something more modest : a tender , unrushed love story .
An irresistibly romantic and rousing success .
First-time filmmaker Richard Tanne eschews politics and heavy foreshadowing , opting instead to craft a breezy , intimate and tender film about two people making that fateful first connection .
It 's a bit like Before Sunrise , only with the leader of the free world in the Ethan Hawke role .
It 's charming , sweet and smart , and it is n't loaded with destiny . Tanne , in his first feature , has found a way to make his point by barely making it at all .
An awkward mix of low-key romantic drama and historical foreshadowing , with dialogue that sometimes sounds like the characters reciting their own Wikipedia entries .
Southside With You is a small movie about a big thing -- that moment when two people realize they 're going to spend the rest of their lives together .
A delightfully low-key portrait that is as universal as it is grounded in a well-chronicled public-private life .
Nuanced and charming , Southside With You is a sunny , strolling odyssey through African-American life in 1989 , filtered through two future icons as they navigate the world around them and their place in it .
One might question why a simple first-date story needs to involve the future president and first lady , but its near-total lack of precursors suggest that if it were n't about one of the most famous black couples , it would likely not have been made at all .
As a work of imagination inspired by fact , the film shimmers with warmth .
Sawyers and Sumpter ... -LSB- are -RSB- better than the writing , which follows its diagram and lays out the conflicts and personality differences very , very neatly .
`` Southside With You '' proves once and for all that a romantic film does n't rely on suspense . We know these people are getting together . What holds us to our seats is wondering how it will happen .
Nicely conveys a broader , more intimate portrait of the First Couple , the movie probably would have been enriched if Tanne had n't hemmed himself in so much with the conceit and instead traced more of the early stages of their courtship .
An infectiously sweet , lovely tale about two young people who bring out the best and most hidden sides of each other .
A sweet and enlightening peak into the early lives of the Obamas as director Richard Tanne takes us on their first date way back in 1989 . Both stars are flawless .
It 's a sweet-natured , gentle film that might remind more than a few watchers of a special date in their own life , long ago .
In the end , Tanne has given us a movie that is warm and watchable without overdoing it .
Sawyers seems to have absconded with one of the real Obama 's discarded cigarette butts and sucked in his Marlboro Red essence , while Sumpter gives a solid but overshadowed performance ...
Not a film freighted with destiny , but a charming first-date romance , an affectionate farewell to a classy First Couple .
This plausible account of the blossoming of love between Barack and Michelle serves up a pleasant , if sanitized version of their romantic launch en route to an historic rendezvous with destiny !
It 's the pleasant movie we deserve after a needlessly contentious eight years .
The film may not announce itself as hagiography , but it 's hero-worshipful to its core .
This tender , intimate drama has the grand resonance of a historical epic .
Of course this is a stylized -- and yes , on occasion , idealized -- version of the launching point of a lifelong romance between two young Chicago residents who would go on to make history . That 's pretty much the point .
Equally clever and charming , and ultimately a pretty good date movie in its own right .
If you remove the historic importance of these two characters , Southside with You still mostly works as a simple love story between a pair of intellectuals striving for greatness .
In a news cycle which can often make our leaders seem like impassive mouthpieces , Southside With You exceeds in humanizing them .
It 's a lovely film about two charismatic people walking , talking and slowing falling in love over ice cream .
How often do we see movies where characters are given the freedom to just walk and talk ?
Airy and pleasant , a modest film that gets by on charm and aesthetics . We of course know what mighty things await these two young lovebirds , but for its brief spell , Southside With You 's first blushes feel plenty big enough .
That 's what makes Southside With You work , because it just boils down to two people trying to figure out life and each other .
A classic meet-cute with a twist .
Southside With You is an affectionate look at two young people on their first date , unaware of what history has in store for them .
A warm and surprisingly engaging account of the first date of Barack Obama and Michelle Robinson .
Sumpter and newcomer Sawyers inhabit the roles of the future First Couple with easygoing charm .
It may not offer a fresh perspective on the world 's most famous couple , but effectively resurrects their initial appeal in public life by uncovering its roots .
On some level , this enterprise was doomed from conception .
If you set aside the famous names and everything we know about these two characters ' futures , what 's left is a wonderfully crafted romance between a pair of African-American individuals , in a context rarely seen onscreen .
There 'd be no movie here if not for who the characters are ; but even if Tanne had changed their names , `` Southside With You '' will still be a charmer .
Richard Tanne has pieced together a lovely story that rises above its novelty premise . Southside with You is a rewarding bite-sized drama , rich with characters that we already know , but also do n't really know .
It deserves success . Moreover it should make stars of Sawyers and Sumpter .
Makes Barack a predator to begin with . He is determined to ignore her boundaries . Fortunately , I do n't believe that part is true . It is dramatic license and poorly thought out fiction .
The JFK-ing of Obama ... it * almost * vindicates itself .
We just do n't see this kind of thing here in America , but there 's also never been a couple in the White House like Barack and Michelle Obama .
Southside With You uses our affection for the Obamas to add urgency in the otherwise simple script . We want these two to get together , and we want them to say things like : `` I just want to do more to help out . ''
Fortunately , Tanne did n't have to compromise at all with his two charismatic leads : Not only are they dead ringers for Barack and Michelle , but they go beyond impression to deliver something real and human-sized .
A romantic , frustrated , compassionate , quietly moving film .
Barack and Michelle 's Before Sunrise-esque first date makes for a charming indie romance .
Tika Sumpter and Parker Sawyer are terrifically cast as younger versions of Michelle and Barack Obama in Richard Tanne 's disarmingly romantic walkabout .

@highlight

Southside With You looks back on a fateful real-life date with strong performances and engaging dialogue , adding up to a romance that makes for a pretty good date movie in its own right .