But repackaged with a new narrative , those same jokes can hold up some 40 years later . Inside The Comic Strip , Jerry Seinfeld can be cool once more .
It 's wry observation and it is as intensely funny as it is an intense avoidance of anything political or dark .
Fans of the man , who arguably invented post-modern observational comedy `` about nothing '' -LRB- and yet about everything -RRB- , will be delighted by the set-up .
Pleasant enough , but mostly just Seinfeld recycling his Greatest Hits .
Truth be told , Seinfeld 's ambitions are still admirably humble for having a reputation so massive .
It 's certainly pleasant , and anyone who is a fan of his will chuckle their way through it . But it 's unclear what we 're being sold here .
It 's the best kind of minimalist comedy television . Just a comic , a mic , a stage and an audience .
This is watching a craftsman at work .
It was such a pleasure to sink down into these jokes with Seinfeld , such a treat to be carried along by such a confident professional . It 's rare to be treated this way by any piece of current entertainment ; enjoy his achievement here .
Jerry Before Seinfeld 's structural banter does n't quite hit the mark . It 's almost as if Seinfeld could n't decide exactly what he wanted this to be . These criticisms not withstanding , Jerry Before Seinfeld shines whenever it lets the comic be a comic .
He tends to start with a small idea , then figure out the big idea behind his observation , then figure out the shortest way to communicate the absurdity of that imbalance - the absurdity of putting so much stock into the smallest thing possible .
Seinfeld-before - `` Seinfeld '' fans will especially enjoy this congenial , familiar hour special .
It 's still quintessential Seinfeld , poking fun at cereal and air travel and prepositions , but his set is looser , intimate and more biographical , a rebrand for the podcast age .
There 's always another bon mot , and the occasional dud humor in Jerry Before Seinfeld in no way detracts from the larger pleasures of watching this peerless comedian pay tribute to his roots .

@highlight

Jerry Before Seinfeld finds its star revisiting his earliest material on his hometown stage , offering appropriately familiar - yet still abundant - laughs along the way .