Lively look at big wave surfing .
Just short of dropping you into the ocean with a surfboard , Riding Giants serves as the definitive -LRB- and immersive -RRB- guide to the essence of all that is surfing . ''
This even more exhilarating documentary focuses more on the history of the sport .
This is vicarious cinema at its best .
At its heart , Riding Giants is a work of pure joy .
Easily bearing comparison with Bruce Brown 's seminal The Endless Summer , this stands as the second-best surf documentary ever made .
It 's all pretty swanky .
Peralta has a great sense of pacing and a good eye for B-roll footage .
Through gently panned-over photos -LRB- one of many debts to Burns -RRB- and home-movie footage , Peralta traces the graceful arc of the sport , its culture , and its icons .
... an enjoyable , well-paced look at the discovery and evolution of big wave riding
Wonderfully entertaining while being genuinely educational .
Even for people who know little about surfing , the film should prove a fascinating crib sheet .
Entertaining , informative and insightful , this is a hugely enjoyable film that stands a good chance of picking up the Best Documentary award come Oscar time .
Surf 's up !
Like an adrenaline rush , Riding Giants is fun for a while but it ends on a comedown .
If you ca n't swing a Hawaiian vacation , this may be the next best thing .
Gets a lot of mileage out of a familiar topic , in large part thanks to Peralta , an insider whose enthusiasm for the sport is contagious .
Peralta is smart to focus on the personalities in surfing , rather than just giving us a Warren Miller-style compendium of awesome surfing footage .
Replete with color home films of surfing in California and Hawaii in the 1940s and 1950s in addition to the footage shot for the film ... this is a do n't miss film .
Some of the surfing scenes are spectacular in their beauty .
Nothing too deep and meaningful , just a thoroughly entertaining trip through the past 50 years of surfing .
Well-made , but those who are n't ready to zen out in Surf City can find documentaries that are just as worthwhile on The History Channel or Animal Planet .
Instead of weighing the film down with spaced-out surfer-dude quotes , director Stacy Peralta traces the sport 's origins back to the ancient Hawaiians .
An enthralling , entertaining , jaw-dropping look at the history of surfing .
If your pulse is n't pounding , maybe you need to check to see if you have one .
A breezy and always watchable portrait not only of a sport in ascendance but a way of being .
A splashy documentary on the endless summer of American surfing .
Before seeing Riding Giants , my ideas about surfing were formed by the Gidget movies , Endless Summer , the Beach Boys , Elvis and lots of TV commercials . ... Riding Giants is about altogether another reality .
Peralta has a knack for taking a niche sport and drawing out its universal appeal .
From the film 's opening seconds , in which a lone surfer emerges from a wave 's whitewater to the strains of first organ , then choir music , we can see that the filmmaker has come to sanctify his subject rather than explore it .
In some ways , Riding Giants overlaps Step Into Liquid . The two complement each other .
There 's no denying that much of this is spectacular .
A joy to watch , and a cheap way to escape to the beach this summer
Exhilarating chronicle of big-wave surfing and its pioneers .
The interviews really are n't all that interesting , and the film clips are usually washed out and not especially impressive .
The film 's utterly deadpan approach sets it apart from such previous surf movies as The Endless Summer and Step Into Liquid , which were as much adventure travelogues as anything else .
Peralta has done a marvelous job at showing the intimidating waves and the guts it must take men -LRB- and occasionally women -RRB- to ride them .
A feat of photography .
A loving , entertaining tutorial .
By the end , you 're numb from the waves of information crashing down on your head but you 're also worn out and happy , unexpectedly touched by the story of men who climbed the highest mountain around .
Once again , Peralta 's high-energy filmmaking style captivates .
It 's difficult to imagine a movie that deals more thoroughly with big-wave surfing , but Riding Giants ca n't match the novelty and interest of Peralta 's 2001 hit , Dogtown and Z-Boys .
If you are willing to accept Peralta 's rather blinkered notion of American history you will probably embrace Riding Giants with the passion of a true believer . If not , you might see it as another engaging sermon delivered by a slightly crazed missionary .
Compelling watching .
An excellent primer for anybody who 's curious about how and why people defy the odds and take on the big waves - the surfing is outstanding .
Some of -LSB- the surfers -RSB- are articulate representatives of their sport , and one or two -- including Laird Hamilton -- should be listed among the greatest , most innovative athletes of our day .
It 's a big wet kiss to the heroes and history of an ancient water sport .
Riding Giants preaches the significance of big-wave surfing in an assured voice that reverberates far beyond the ranks of the converted .
As he did with skateboarding in Dogtown and Z-Boys , documentarian Stacy Peralta explores the culture , not just the activity , arguing that surfing is as much a lifestyle as it a sport .
If the picture does n't lift you to the heights you might expect , it 's still a solid , sometimes exhilarating piece of work .
Equal parts ecstatic archival sports video and hagiography of the pioneers of the deep water .
An aficionada of the saltwater documentary , I am thrilled to report that Riding Giants , Stacy Peralta 's exhilarating account of the revolution and evolution in big-wave surfing , is among the best of this breathtaking genre .
Totally gnarly , dude .
Easily one of the best movies about surfing ever made , thanks to the loving and knowledgeable touch of director Stacy Peralta .
A gorgeous , seductive explication du sport that rescues a demanding pastime from the rocky shoals of a Gidget-driven pop-culture misperception .
Awe-inspiring documentary about the history of big-wave surfing .
Spectacularly shot by director of photography Peter Pilafian with principal action footage contributed by Don King , Sonny Miller and Grant Washburn , Riding Giants will take your breath away .
The true Giants are the colorful , old-school surfers who give this documentary its heart
Peralta manages to keep you engaged -- even if you 'd rather watch a kid ride some giant sidewalk instead .
Moving from hero to hero , big waves to bigger ones , the movie pulls you into the adrenaline surge of fixation .
Giants offers a thrilling , informative history of a sport-subculture .
An entertaining if audience-specific look at the history of surfing .
A top-notch surfing documentary .
An exhilarating , often mind-blowing history of surfing .
A nostalgia-soaked tribute to the sport .
Revels in the sport 's thrills , perils , history and minutia with wit , insight , enthusiasm and cinematic acumen .
A film that will stand as an essential document on one of the world 's most spectacular obsessions .
Catching the perfect wave may not be something most of us will ever do , but it 's comforting to know that somebody is out there catching it for us .
An entertaining niche subculture document ... a vicarious thrill for all those who never graduated beyond bright yellow boogie boards .
Peralta could have probably lost another ten minutes in the editing room and still garnered the same visceral impact .
-LSB- T -RSB- his film ranks right up there with last year 's Step Into Liquid as a top surf doc .
While not quite as exuberant as his previous feature documentary , Dogtown and Z-Boys , skater-turned-filmmaker Stacy Peralta brings the same level of respect and enthusiasm to the subject of surfing .
Even those who 've never waxed a board will be engaged and amazed .
This is vicarious daredevilry at its best .
Magnificent if overlong .
While the movie might not have as much social context as its predecessor , it 's just as fun .
You wo n't want to wait an hour after eating your popcorn to jump into this surfing-culture doc . But you may have to hang on to your seat as board-riding daredevils tackle the humongous waves of Hawaii 's North Shore and other dangerous places .
The waves get progressively higher in Stacy Peralta 's overlong but entertaining historical surfing documentary .
Surfing 's seeming purity was spoiled by pop phenomena that suggested all the cute guys and gals rode rear-projection waves without mussing their hair-dos .
Peralta shows himself to be something of a big-wave challenger here by breathing in bigger gulps of geography , history and culture .
It 's at Maverick 's that Giants delivers the immediate excitement of big-wave riding and connects the viewer personally with the close-knit , daredevil Maverick 's crew , most of whom are still active .
Offers a highly engaging immersion into a culture of larger-than-life characters driven by their thrill-seeking instincts .
No matter how many times Peralta shows us a small speck of a guy barely gliding out from under a thunderous crash of whitewater , it ca n't help but thrill .
It may take willpower not to run directly from the theater down to the nearest shoreline , just for a whiff of whatever saltwater magic sauce the big-wave stars featured in Peralta 's vibrant docu are on .
A documentary that tries to cover too much in its praise of big wave surfing .
Peralta has become a more relaxed filmmaker , and when he trusts the haunting sight of a giant wave breaking to speak for itself , the movie reaches the sublime heights of its subject .
Essentially a moving Abercrombie and Fitch catalog , Riding Giants is a boy 's club chronicle of surfing that , while gnarly to look at , feels like too much homework .
-LSB- Peralta -RSB- has a knack for cutting found footage with a dynamic soundtrack and obviously recognizes the advantage of pausing the narrative for a moment and allowing his audience the pleasure of just watching the surf .
Riding Giants not only makes the audience care about a sport few of them have ever had the pleasure to participate in , it also effortlessly takes you along on its ride .
Seems intent on selling the sport rather than examining why people are willing to risk their necks to challenge nature at her most volatile .
It 's The Alchemist for surfers . It 's Winged Migration for beach bums . It 's Rudy in the water . It 's a must-see .





@highlight

A great addition to the existing surfing documentaries .