Brooklyn Castle does a superb job of celebrating the triumph while reinforcing the relentless vigilance it requires from everyone involved .
With Brooklyn Castle it 's really nice to see so many young , positive minds at play in the world , and to cheer on so many smiling children dreaming of enlightened futures .
Brooklyn Castle is inspiring stuff that grabs you by the throat and will leave you cheering - quietly of course . No shouting in a chess match .
There 's a general spirit of triumph and perseverance to `` Brooklyn Castle '' that 's inevitably uplifting .
... a powerful and positive story about dedicated teachers helping kids succeed no matter what their circumstances
Like chess , not exactly a high-energy experience but seeing what these kids accomplish , seemingly against all odds is breathtaking all the same .
... provides a corrective to the popular image of American schools as obsessed with sports and popularity , and it makes the strongest possible case for funding after-school activities .
Chess , brilliant young students and great teachers potent mix .
`` Brooklyn Castle '' easily checkmates your inner cynic .
Katie Dellamaggiore 's lively and affecting documentary introduces us to a cast of characters that 's very winning -LRB- in both senses of the word -RRB- .
It 's not To Sir , With Love : It 's fierce ambition , the channeling of emotion , and hours of drilling .
The I.S. 318 team ? A delightfully motley , vulnerable , multicultural bunch , whose addiction to chess has allowed them higher aspirations for top high schools and , eventually , college and careers . You will root for them like crazy .
We meet five of the team 's members and several of their teachers ; by its end , you 'll be rooting for them all .
`` BROOKLYN CASTLE is a compelling , engaging and inspiring Documentary , featuring Junior High kids that you can relate to . Even if you do n't know the game of Chess all too well , it wo n't stop you from enjoying this pleasant film . ''
Enlightening , inspiring and expertly crafted .
Brooklyn Castle provides a snapshot of indomitable American can-do attitude , and gives one hope .
The admirable Brooklyn Castle transcends its formula to become an optimistic look at extracurricular education and young people .
An irresistibly uplifting doc .
Castle is suspenseful , funny and , particularly in its depiction of the challenging home lives of some of the kids , moving .
The message is that chess can motivate working-class kids to become better students , and though that 's nice to know , the movie does n't illustrate this theme in much depth .
Great story , well-made , what 's not to like ?
I do n't know diddly about chess , and I still loved it .
Every player knows the finality when the other player sadly turns over his king , signaling surrender . We know it even better when we do it ourselves .
It 's clear that chess is n't just a game ; for these students , it can also open doors .
The film 's structure is routine , but the film does n't sidestep its more serious issues , while its charming subjects make it a winner both on and off the chessboard .
It 's a wonderful documentary look at an astonishingly successful public-school chess program that manages to be more moving and heartening than you expect . Which is saying a lot .
Beyond telling the touching stories of these unlikely champions , Brooklyn Castle serves to raise a battle cry for funding for after-school programs .
As the film offers glimpses of the kids ' inner lives and external experiences , it helps you see how expansive both can be .
There is much of what you expect -- gifted kids , dedicated teacher , tense anticipation , thrilling victories . The characters are endearing and their stories are stirring .
Set against a backdrop of deep budget cuts and high-stakes testing , this story makes an eloquent plea for the crucial but endangered role of afterschool programs in public education .
Socioeconomic concerns bring depth to doc about pre-teen chess whizzes .
As inspirational academic stories go , it does n't get much better than this .
`` Brooklyn Castle '' is an engaging tale , and the principal is wrong : These kids are much more lovable than the Yankees .
Heartwarming and educational .
It pays to consider even the small details of society 's greatest investment in the future : our future generations .
It 's deeply satisfying watching these public school , hard-knock kids win , and Ms. Dellamaggiore knows it .
... a smart and emotionally satisfying documentary that also manages to show that not every American public school is a graffiti-strewn money pit .
There 's an irresistible cinematic appeal to watching kids dedicate themselves to fundamentally non-kid-like practices like competitive ballroom dancing or studying etymology to ease their way in spelling bees .
A great subject goes a long way in this standard but effective entry in the amazing-kids documentary category .
What may well be the most optimistic , inspiring and downright thrilling movie released all year ...
We ... gain a keen sense of how chess in particular helps otherwise academically challenged kids find a way into their own brains .
If the film occasionally bumps up against the limitations of its Spellbound-like template , its refusal to ignore the social issues outside of the classroom proves it 's more than simply a novelty human-interest story with impressive knight moves .
This engaging , entertaining film might just spur you to become involved in some way in making sure that important and productive public school programs survive the recession and further budget cuts .
It would be easy for this film to be a very obvious , very shallow story in which the moral is that even kids from the worst possible circumstances can succeed . That 's not what it 's about .
Among the team 's racially diverse roster , four leaders emerge ; sticking doggedly to the competition-doc template , Dellamaggiore traces their parallel paths to the finals .
Overlong . It wanders . It needs trimming . But the director never goes far wrong when she just hangs with the kids , focusing on their focus , capturing their disappointment at losses and the thrill of each victory on the chessboard .
I might have preferred less of the focus on winning and losing and more on the cause , which I find strange coming from me , since I rarely am crazy about issue docs .
It 's a heartwarming look at the exact reason why we need to fund after-school programs and give more attention to the arts .
a truly wonderful , uplifting film - because it 's an emotional experience that 's driven by appreciating and celebrating what these young kids can do .




@highlight

Brooklyn Castle is a warm , engaging , and even uplifting documentary about chess-playing whiz kids .