-LSB- Chris -RSB- Messina may be an actor 's director , but he still has a long way to go before that translates into being able to produce a visually satisfying piece of work .
Alex of Venice might not break any new bounds in storytelling but it 's a confident exploration of a traumatic life change .
Alex Of Venice closes with a bit of a whimper , though it 's a pleasant ride , nevertheless .
Passable at best , but does n't quite have enough charm or humour to flavour the storytelling tofu .
The problem with Chris Messina 's directorial debut is n't so much badness as it is superfluousness -- that it is less its own discrete thing than a redundant genre study in This Type of Movie .
Chris Messina 's directorial debut is a strong one , mainly because of a beautifully wounded leading performance by Marty Elizabeth Winstead that 's full of strength , growth , and heartwarming soul .
Mary Elizabeth Winstead is eminently relatable in a compassionate , human-scaled movie of the sort that movies have almost forgotten of late .
Paints a plausible picture of a just-dumped divorcee doing her best to pick up the pieces of her shattered dreams .
Pleasant and occasionally touching , without ever being really compelling .
Despite the film 's best efforts in amplifying this emotional connection with audience with generic narrative devices , Winstead makes a mark that is virtually the only memorable element of Alex of Venice after the curtain closes .
Chris Messina 's rookie directorial effort is small , smart and affecting .
The movie 's quirky setting pays off dividends where you least expect them . At such moments , the movie 's humanism finally seems unforced , and everything is the better for that .
Chris Messina 's `` Alex of Venice '' is as much a love letter to the Los Angeles neighborhood as it is a well-observed drama .
An appealing portrait miniature of a woman who loses and finds her bearings ...
Alex of Venice is a very human story , told with insight and meaning . It also establishes beyond a doubt that Mary Elizabeth Winstead is one of the most important young actresses on the screen today .
The film is so uneven , the characters and relationships so undeveloped , it 's hard to work up much sympathy .
As she flails through a few dubious choices , the character may be on the kind of self-discovery path we 've seen in countless other films ; but Winstead makes the outcome seem far from preordained .
Although it 's enjoyable , actor Chris Messina 's directorial debut is somehow less than the sum of its parts , wading only through the shallow end of familiar human conflicts resolved too conveniently to satisfy .
Messina channels a history of performance into his direction , showing patience with timing and respect for intimate discoveries . It 's promising work from the actor , leaving hope that he 'll continue his journey behind the camera .
There 's just really nothing about this woman or her circumstances that merits an entire feature film devoted to her .
It 's a film that is easy to like , but a lack of commitment to the characters ' struggles makes it difficult to fall in love with .
The whole enterprise is at the mercy of an outline that does n't entirely suit it .
Alex of Venice succeeds because Messina , to use the locally appropriate parlance , does n't `` get worked '' by weightier issues .
A terrific character piece . Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Don Johnson are excellent .
Winstead can telegraph more with a head tilt or a flicker of her eyes than most of her generation can do with a wild hand toss and a mess of expositional dialogue .
The pleasures of well-observed characters and small epiphanies are undeniable , and Alex of Venice , actor Chris Messina 's directing debut , is amply supplied with both , thanks to Mary Elizabeth Winstead 's extraordinary performance .
Chris Messina is eventually a little too indifferent to the machinations of the plot , but the film , however inescapably sentimental , is a romantic daydream that casts a lovely spell .
While the script might leave many details behind , the performances slightly make up for the film 's ambiguity .
At its best , Alex Of Venice is soulful , thanks to its actors and music .
The jury has reached a verdict : Alex of Venice is guilty of being great .

@highlight

Alex of Venice does immensely likable things with its overly familiar parts , adding up to an agreeable calling card for debuting director Chris Messina .