The tone is light and hopeful throughout , while allowing for the possibility of more searching investigation on the viewer 's part .
A cheerful , highly personal investigation into queer cultural identity ...
The breezy and humorous tone does n't disguise the fact that Thorpe 's film is both intimate and quietly courageous .
A peppy but profound documentary exploration of self-projection and self-image .
Do I Sound Gay ? humorously tackles the thus-far unaired and touchy question of whether certain intonations and speech patterns mark out some gay men the second they say hello .
American writer-director David Thorpe turns the camera - or more importantly the microphone - on himself to create this engaging , lively documentary about gay identity .
The basic question in his movie 's title is easily answered , the more complex underlying questions necessarily harder . And this is nothing if not a conversation starter .
-LSB- G -RSB- ay male audiences especially may find a lot to take from this entertaining documentary . That 's if they can get over their fears to watch it in the first place .
`` Do I Sound Gay ? '' is n't profound , but Thorpe 's investigation into self-esteem and public personas touches on a few universal truths about identity .
Very personal docu explores gay stereotypes , self discovery .
It 's an interesting film , consistently entertaining , a mile wide and an inch deep .
As with many such informal documentaries on social issues , the results are hit-or-miss , though Thorpe 's conversational tone is ingratiating .
There 's nothing here that makes it a must-see . And gay or straight , you ca n't like the sound of that .
There are enough amusing observations and anecdotes to make the film diverting . Thorpe 's own adventure in speech therapy ... looks suspiciously like something a documentary filmmaker would do to give his movie a through-line .
Surprisingly entertaining , highly informative and honest .
The movie feels padded out just to get to a 75-minute running time . But there 's food for thought here .
Lighthearted but slyly provocative ...
From there the film ventures into famous-talking-head mode and follows Thorpe on his mundane quest everywhere .
This is an intelligent -LRB- if too short -RRB- exploration of gender confusion , speech therapy and the perils of coming out .
What begins as a first-person account of one man 's quest to change the way he speaks soon becomes something closer to pop anthropology , in the process throwing in a bit of sociolinguistics and stand-up comedy .
We ca n't help but wish that Thorpe had acted more like an emcee than a subject .
The strongest part of Thorpe 's film is how he blends his personal story with the larger issue .
While Thorpe ostensibly explores the sibilant consonants and careful enunciation that characterize what we have come to think of as `` sounding gay , '' his film is really about his identity .
Filmmaker David Thorpe remains such a tentative presence in his own story that the result is both navel-gazing and non-revealing .
As a filmmaker , Thorpe is merely serviceable , and `` Do I Sound Gay ? '' has trouble keeping all its different strands - political , cultural , personal - from tangling on screen .
Thorpe 's documentary can sometimes seem a bit intimidated by the various cans of worms it pries open , but it 's nonetheless a breezy , funny , often quite clever film more concerned with minor epiphanies than big answers .
... mixes some humor with a broader examination of how our voices change subconsciously and shape perception , confidence and social acceptance .
More than a doc about being gay ; it 's a doc that preaches for intellectual rigor .
The film scratches a lot of surfaces , never venturing too far down the interesting paths it divulges . However , what it does explore makes it a satisfying , lighthearted look at one man 's search for perceived vocal machismo .
Part personal memoir , social commentary and gay history chronicle , David Thorpe 's investigation into the way he sounds is a divertingly informative ramble .
There 's also an understated , unexpectedly moving arc to this film , which considers how exaggerated `` gayness '' has been an important part of one subculture separating and defending itself from hostile environments .
For a film largely about speech , the provocatively titled documentary `` Do I Sound Gay ? '' has little of great significance to say .
Mr. Thorpe 's explorations of a painful subject are an exercise in healing . His discovery of how many gay men share his anxiety and discomfort leads him to greater self-acceptance .
Thorpe wryly treats his anxieties about his `` gay '' voice as an exercise in self-improvement , and winds up with a compelling portrait of internalized homophobia and liberation .
Considering Do I Sound Gay ? is a film concerned with the act of speaking , there are still many unanswered questions left to talk about .
It seems , for a horrible moment , that this is just going to be a straightforward and solipsistic self-help narrative . But Thorpe quickly widens his view to tackle the role of the voice in the gay community at large ...
`` Do I Sound Gay ? '' is fun , and while there 's too much of Thorpe onscreen - and his family , and his friends , and other easy-to-land interview subjects - there are some interesting insights here from other writers and celebrities .
The ... conversation , less than the inconclusive answer , is what makes `` Do I Sound Gay ? '' worth a look .
The film sheds light on self-imposed homophobia and questions of nature versus nurture without sacrificing its essential sense of humor .
While Do I Sound Gay ? provides an entertaining and humorous look at Thorpe 's gradual self-acceptance , its unfocused narrative and lack of depth only hint at a subject that runs much deeper .
Another link in an increasingly tiresome chain of naval-gazing think pieces posing as personal documentary .
An entertaining documentary .
Lots of laughs and insights .
The overall result remains quite light , is occasionally funny but finally never manages to probe very deeply .

@highlight

Do I Sound Gay ? proves to be a light , affable , entertaining look at a largely unexplored issue .