The way James , Rutten , and Winkler connect is engaging and amusing , and Here Comes the Boom is moderately successful on that chemistry alone . And if something can crack my cold , cold heart , that 's a victory .
All in all , it 's great family fun .
In this tacky `` Stand And Deliver '' meets `` Rocky '' hybrid , logic is n't even a word , let alone a concern of the filmmakers .
Ultimately , the film is much too derivative to stand -LRB- and deliver -RRB- on its own , but at its best moments , it proves amiably average , chiefly due to James ' natural charms .
It is n't nearly as funny or inspiring as it wants to be , but it makes a legitimate effort .
A lightweight action-comedy that only tries to entertain , but at least it meets that modest goal . And it knocks out lighter weight comedies like The School of Rock .
The highly likeable Kevin James headlines a highly likeable school/sports comedy lark in which he again plays a lovable oaf .
The ` Mr. Holland 's Opus ' meets ` Rocky II ' story will satisfy some who long for innocuous content , even those who know James deserves better material .
An average made-for-TV-type movie that makes its way onto the big screen , ` Here Comes the Boom ' does n't pack much of a punch .
Now , then . When is Stallone going to start playing a head teacher ? Maybe the switch would work the other way ...
105 painful minutes of a fat guy getting punched in the face and falling down .
Merely the kind of film that once it 's on DVD will end up as necessarily mindless fodder for bench-pressing numbskulls to watch in a gym .
The film aims to be simultaneously a coarse sentimental little-guy comedy , a tale of embracing the American dream , and an increasingly serious underdog fight movie on the lines of Rocky . It fails on all three counts .
Could n't Kevin have raised the money by selling hard drugs or trafficking underage women ? The closing scenes would , under those circumstances , have seemed only marginally less peculiar .
There 's nothing here that you have n't seen a dozen times before and done much better .
I went in with rock-bottom expectations and came out pleasantly surprised . It is n't completely awful .
The Wedding Singer 's Frank Coraci retains an endearing fondness for funny-faced bit-parts , but it 's fundamentally formulaic in construction and mediocre in execution .
A fantasia of hackneyed conceits about education ...
Every now and again a film comes along that could play as a parody of itself with minimal alteration , and 90 per cent of them seem to have some kind of connection to Adam Sandler .
Daft but hard to dislike ...
Surprisingly enjoyable , thanks to strong comic performances , likeable characters and direction that gets the tone exactly right .
Unfortunately , the comedy is strictly from the undercard .
As an undemanding time-passer , Here Comes The Boom just about goes the distance .
There 's hardly a serious message being made about the plight of America 's education system here , which makes one wonder what the point of it is .
Kevin James stars in the feel good movie of the year .
To paraphrase the quip that started the David Cross/Patton Oswalt feud , the script for Here Comes the Boom feels like something Vince Vaughn read and threw across the room -- where it promptly hit Kevin James in the head .
It 's not offensive so much as it is dumb , although the emphasis on bone-cracking violence to solve your social-welfare problems sends , at best , a mixed message .
... a bizarre hybrid of Rocky , Warrior and Mr. Holland 's Opus ...
More pabulum for moviegoers who ca n't be bothered to chew even the softest food for thought , courtesy of Happy Madison Productions , the Gerber of motion picture companies .
It will help a lot if you like Kevin James , because you 're going to be spending the entire film with him , but he 's a likeable guy and Here Comes the Boom puts its best assets to work and only occasionally falls victim to its worst instincts .
Kevin James is an appealing performer who 'd probably be even more likable if he could pick out better scripts .
Weak humor and vanilla plotting have replaced legitimate drama , pathos , and character development .
There 's a pleasant surprise involving Here Comes the Boom . No , it 's not particularly good -- that would rank as a miracle more than a surprise -- but it does showcase Kevin James in his most appealing turn since 2005 's Hitch .
This unfunny exaltation of visual violence with no consequences desensitizes viewers to violence and is particularly inappropriate for children .
... would-be inspirational comedy that coasts for a while on the affable screen presence of James before falling victim to its complete lack of logic and narrative coherence .
superior to Warrior in every way
Here Comes the Boom lets Kevin James strip off his shirt as well as his reliance on pratfall comedy .
It 's nice that the hero goes to the mat for what he believes in . But he 's not the only thing that comes down with a thud .
Indeed , James does plenty of fall-down-go-boom , but it 's wasted on a tediously conventional movie that does surprisingly little with the spectacularly strange sight of James in stampeding MMA mode .
To see MMA marketed once again to the Truck Nutz Energy Drink Crowd is , yes , predictable , but still disappointing . It 's impossible for me to see Henry Winkler singing an acoustic version of a POD song in an airport as anything but an embarrassment .
Kevin James delivers solid entertainment with a surprisingly wide-ranging appeal in this unlikely mash-up of high-school education and ultimate fighting .
Kevin James transformed not only into a fighter , but also managed to perfect his lead role performance .
Teacher turns MMA fighter in tween-friendly comedy .
Better than you 'd think .
Here Comes the Boom is slightly above average for this sort of broad comedy , but is hampered by too many significant issues to be worth a watch .
The movie 's no knockout , but it 's sturdier and more fun than you 'd expect .
It delivers exactly what 's expected from a flabby mishmash of high school inspirational tale and Mixed Martial Arts fighting exhibitionism ladled out by Adam Sandler running mate Frank Coraci ...
Late in the film engagement saves the pic from a more critical beat down ... but not by much . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Even a 4-year old can see the twists and turns coming a mile away , but everyone is so likable
A crowd pleaser about a biology teacher who gets into mixed martial arts fighting .
Here Comes the Boom will probably connect like a haymaker with most of its intended audience . The leads are likeable , and the plot , though beyond incredible , is at the very least distracting .
Why does n't most of this movie take place in a coma ward ?
`` Here Comes the Boom '' is so full of clichés from other , better movies that it is almost plays like a parody of an underdog tale .
`` Here Comes the Boom '' is low on raunch but even lower on laughs . It also looks like half the lighting crew failed to show up .
For the most part , `` Boom '' lazily follows Adam Sandler 's proven recipe for box-office success .
The alarms about how ridiculous and predictable this plot is can be heard from miles away ...
`` Here Comes the Boom '' plays it smart through appealing to its audience by acting like the class clown .
If Kevin James continues to make films that no longer fight his considerable talents -- such as the highly entertaining ` Boom ' -- he someday might look back at such missteps as ` Zookeeper , ' and laugh long and hard .
Just like the Russian crowd cheering on Rocky in ` Rocky IV , ' I was rooting for a happy ending even though my cynical little movie critic mind knew the result should be obvious .
Cage fighting is not inherently funny . In fact , it 's the opposite of funny , something like cock fighting only with people , and this presents a problem the movie never completely overcomes .
A moderately enjoyable , nontaxing sort of comedy .
Forgets to do one big thing : be funny .
The film works hard at its inoffensiveness . Throughout , jokes are left on the table , setups never pay off in any significant way .
About as funny as being tickled by Chuck Liddell , which would really just hurt . Unfortunately for this reviewer , there was no tapping out .
Here Comes the Boom telegraphs every punch in its arsenal , but when the comedy connects , it can deliver with funny force .
Kevin James is so gosh-darned likable that he can make up for a lot of sub-par material , but not even he can make this tiresome effort work .
`` Here Comes the Boom '' is predictable from the first second to the last . Thanks to the gung-ho pluckiness of star Kevin James , by the end you will hardly notice .
Suprisingly charming family fare , although it is pure formula from start to finish .
Kevin James spends much more time in the embrace of sweaty tattooed males than he does in the arms of Salma Hayek .
-LSB- It -RSB- delivers repeated blows - to the abdomen , to the head , and to the groin , but not often enough to the funny bone .
Rutten is a natural ham , and his off-kilter , upbeat , Euro-kook personality is one of the movie 's wild cards , and keeps a story that relies heavily on formula from being stale .
The film would have the same audience that came to see James get elbowed in the face also get weepy over disadvantaged schoolchildren .
Loud , incoherent and unfunny , `` Here Comes the Boom '' is the sound of American culture imploding .
Call it Waiting for Superman Punch .
Roused we briefly are ... but I swear to God , if this MMA movie winds up making more money than Warrior , I 'm going to have to kill myself .
It 's the combination of Warrior and Mr. Holland 's Opus nobody asked for , but here it comes anyway , landing with a thump .
`` Here Comes the Boom '' is all banality , though it delivers some goodwill even as it pulls a muscle trying to get its premise going .
It does n't break any ground , but it 's entertaining .
Pleasant Surprises Abound in Boom .
` Rocky ' for fifth graders , with enough pro-school propaganda to make parents think it 's worth the price of popcorn
As a comedy , Frank Coraci 's film aims low and manages to miss the mark entirely .
The lesson Happy Madison should but will never learn is that there 's more to comedy than vomit and butt cracks .
For a film dedicated to time-tested formula and clumsily cross-pollinating Rocky and Mr. Holland 's Opus , Here Comes The Boom is hilariously convoluted and inefficient in its storytelling .
Once it gets going and commits to its time-worn inspirational formula , it 's not half-bad .
James creates a witty , confident everyman in the first act , only to sacrifice him to the pic 's demands for formula and sentimentality thereafter .
It 's a predictable sports movie that for me would be a 2.5 , but the performance of Kevin James is so good that I want to see him in more stuff now , so I can feel good about getting this to 3/5 Schmoes .
When you first hear about this film just do n't think it 's gon na work . But Kevin James got himself into shape and he 's a huge fan of the UFC . As on the nose as it is , it pays a ton of respect to the sport and that comes through .
When -LSB- James -RSB- starts winning some bouts and becoming a contender , the movie 's credibility skyrockets into `` Rocky '' territory and beyond .
Even though `` Boom '' does n't pull its punches , it 's still a lightweight genre picture , a patchwork comedy that makes good use of its biggest patch - Kevin James .
The overall tenor is clangorously discordant .
Frank Coraci , who has directed other James and Sandler films , keeps a sharp eye on the shenanigans and never lets them get out of hand .
Despite the picture 's utter predictability , it is James ' sweet performance that makes this a winner . Hard to believe , but true !
` Here Comes the Boom ' is enjoyable -- or , at the very least , not torture like ` Grown Ups ' ...
When the laughs come so few and far between that you can count them on one hand , it 's not surprising that it leaves such a bland taste in your mouth .
An entertaining and uplifting star vehicle showcasing Kevin James ' comic genius at its best , whether he 's doing pratfalls in a mask and ill-fitting stretchy pants or futilely wooing the woman of his dreams .

@highlight

Here Comes the Boom benefits from Kevin James 's genial presence but the film does n't deliver enough laughs to live up to its title -- or enough satisfying plot to make up the difference .