A satisfying 92 minutes .
There is much warmth and reconciliation in the final act , indicative of the movie 's goodheartedness .
There 's an audience for this sort of mush , but do n't count me in the mix .
On a Clear Day is n't so much a bad film as it is a thoroughly familiar and unnecessary one .
One thing that sets On a Clear Day apart from other , like-minded films -- besides its spectacular Scottish location footage -- is the first-rate cast .
Unlike my colleagues , I wiped my eyes instead of rolling them , and I 'm hoping you will too . Worth seeing indeed .
The recycled spectacle of yet another downsized U.K. working-class type being reduced to an act of feel-good against-all-odds crowd-pleasing redemption .
Flawed by moments of sitcom humour , On A Clear Day still manages to tell an engaging story about men , work and friendship .
The wonder here , if not the redemption , is that so many toil so hard to make this saccharine stuff palatable .
... despite its familiarity , it works , mostly on the strength of a fine performance by the Scottish actor Peter Mullan .
Clear Day is n't terribly engaging .
Fans of Mullan 's more intense work will find this soft and all-too maudlin .
The movie reaches for an emotional climax that is simply beyond the filmmakers ' grasp .
The social , economic and personal stresses do n't seem very surely addressed by the big swim .
Mullan makes the journey more than worthwhile , but do n't go in expecting profundity .
A lesser film , kindhearted , a wee bit weepy and a wee bit trite .
Nothing in On a Clear Day is especially compelling . The movie does n't dig deep enough .
Does any of this work ? Sure , but only through the graces of a cast that knows better than to play to our hearts .
A thoughtful , thoroughly engaging portrait of fractured family and friends pulling together for an impossible dream .
takes its sweet time developing the story and characters , but delivers a fantastic ending that makes the journey to get there worth it
Every time ` On a Clear Day ' threatens to turn gooey - which is often - the camera finds the craggy face of the picture 's star , Peter Mullan .
Mullan always looks as if he 's about to explode -- sometimes he does -- and he 's in good enough shape to make the aquatic conceit believable .
The symbolism in On a Clear Day makes it more than just another underdog story , and the movie is less reliant on warm and fuzzy Hollywood - isms than other films of its kind .
The flick is buoyed by some heartfelt moments and a talented cast , but it all gets bogged by a just-add-water plot that dog-paddles down every expected path .
It 's the rare exploration of a misunderstood love between a father and son who , by not knowing how to live with each other , find they must live apart if they ca n't escape the past .
It presses most of the right feel-good buttons .
Like a soggy and less compelling iteration of The Full Monty .
On a clear day , to misquote the old Broadway tune , you can see the cliches .
-LSB- B -RSB- rutally , bleaky funny , in a way that makes you want to cry more than laugh . It is , in a word , brilliant .
On a Clear Day is n't the best of the genre , but I ca n't deny it got to me .
Finding similarity in a child overcoming a handicap and a former laborer trying to get his groove back is a notion far more insane than choosing to swim the English Channel .
I certainly know what I 'll be telling my Auntie to see the next time she tells me they do n't make ` nice movies ' anymore .
The always excellent Mullan gives an affecting , minor-key performance , wearing his burden like armor that 's been protecting and suffocating him .
Refreshing and inspirational
... despite their decided lack of Glaswegian accents , Dellal 's cast is engaging enough to involve us in this waterlogged but well visualized tale .
Mullan makes Frank a complex , proud and wounded man , a reluctant dreamer who is both melancholic and inspiring . Not a great film , but all the performances are smart .
Set in and around the dockyards of Glasgow , On a Clear Day follows a laid-off shipbuilder who decides to fix his life by swimming the English Channel .
Screenwriter Alex Rose , first-time director Gaby Dellal and their cast consistently hit the right notes , and the result is an uplifting tale that you do n't have to be embarrassed to enjoy .
On a Clear Day , though sincere and diverting , is too restrained and conventional -- and just a tad too dull -- to stir up much enthusiasm .
For all its exertions , the film spends most of its time merely treading water .
If it were n't for Scotsman Peter Mullan , who 's wonderful as Frank Redmond , On a Clear Day would be intolerably pat .
The recent Anthony Hopkins film The World 's Fastest Indian , a charming true story loaded with nutty details , painted a similar picture of an older man 's quest , but with much brighter colors than the gray tones of On a Clear Day .
Sweet-natured , if somewhat familiar , On a Clear Day features fine performances by Mullan , Blethyn and Sives . Dellal and cinematographer David Johnson paint an inviting picture of Glasgow .
Another variation of the British feel-good , inspirational dramedy , this time concerning a laid-off shipbuilder who finds new purpose in life .
It 's The Full Monty in a swimming pool . And it sinks .
The fish-n-chips reliability of the film is pleasing enough to suffice , but the attention to character detail is what will really pull you in .
Much of On A Clear Day volleys between quirky and sentimental .
If , like me , you have infinite tolerance for schmaltz-encrusted tales of troubled British proles who seek salvation through recreational self-discovery , go ahead and enjoy strong , silent Peter Mullan as a laid-off Glasgow shipyard worker .
An inspiring and uplifting story about self respect . Director Gaby Dellal steers the story without excessive sentimentality , resulting in a rewarding and enjoyable film in the vein of Billy Elliott and The Full Monty .
-LSB- Scottish actor Peter Mullan -RSB- saves a drama tangled in the seaweed of life lessons from drowning in pathos .
Gaby Dellal 's cynically mushy film , like The Full Monty and its ilk , is best savored only by its target demo : middle-classers who see one imported film a year .
A decent , feelgood pic without gooey sentiment .
It plays a risky game , switching tone from domestic drama to political point-making to broad comedy to sticky sentiment in a matter of moments , rounding everything off with a perfect ending that will make grown men weep .
Its watery theme will guarantee that there is not a dry eye in the house when the end credits roll - and a queue at the bathroom straight after .
Astutely scripted by Alex Rose , the narrative is never willing to sell short the characters or to suffuse the story with a surfeit of sentimentality , although it has to be said that the ending will melt even the hardest of hearts .
Schmaltzy , sentimental and predictable , this wannabe crowd-pleaser tries to use the same ingredients of the far better Full Monty , Calendar Girls , Billy Elliott : economic depression , working-class heroes and a physical challenge for the uplifitng finale .
A pleasantly predictable film which ultimately demonstrates rather less ambition than its protagonist .
Carries on the tradition of curdled sentimentality wrought by idiosyncratic , inspirational , English-flavored comedies like The Full Monty and Waking Ned Devine .
As well-acted and well-made as it is it never quite manages brilliance .
The film is extremely well cast - Peter Mullan probably has `` Grumpy bastards a speciality '' emblazoned at the top of his CV and he 's on top form here as Frank
Though the story is filled with familiar strokes , sensitive direction and quality acting give it emotional depth .
The kind of drama that British television used to do so well , a well-constructed , smartly observed story of ordinary people learning how to communicate with one another .
Has a thoughtful , witty tone that makes it worth seeing even if it feels a bit simplistic .
Dellal milks the funny business for maximum laughs without making any of the central characters devolve into caricatures .
This cinematic fable has its feet firmly planted in the real world .



@highlight

Another blue-collar inspirational feel-good British dramedy , On A Clear Day succeeds on the strength of lead actor Peter Mullan 's performance and Gaby Dellal 's competent direction .