The final act feels like some demented love child between a Coen Brothers film and a Quentin Tarantino film , and it 's freaking awesome
-LSB- Cop Car -RSB- does n't offer much in the way of substantial character development , but that 's not a deterrent when the fun twists keep coming .
Cop Car is a thriller , and a road thriller , but ultimately : a coming-of-age tale .
For the most part ... this is what a b-movie should be : lean , mean , and filled with just enough longueurs to be evocative without slowing the pace .
Bacon is super-efficient and Watts maximizes his presence in Cop Car to a frighteningly claustrophobic and creepy factor , ridding every frame of extraneous detail or information .
An impossibly sparse indie thriller with a cast of five and not much more going on that its title suggests - which is precisely why it works .
Driven by gorgeous visuals and a constant sense of unease , Cop Car is refreshing and an effortlessly entertaining little thriller .
After all is said and done , Cop Car feels like half of a movie with no real ending .
As an envoy for beautifully lonesome wide open spaces and pure slow-burn suspense , it rattles along with undeniable know-how .
... deliberate yet evocative ...
taut , lean , unapologetically gritty and downbeat tale about two runaway adolescent boys who happen upon a seemingly abandoned police car
... quirky , assured and unexpected ... fuses the nostalgic , kid 's - eye-view tone of ` Stand by Me ' with the grisly black comedy of ` Blood Simple . '
Watts walks us innocents out into the landscape where Hollywood has made its greatest myths and then removes the blindfold .
Anchored by solid performances and a taut script , Cop Car is a tension-filled thrill ride .
Despite the occasional pothole , Cop Car is an arresting ride .
This is a movie that lives entirely in the moment . That 's kind of amazing .
A film made with the highest attention to detail and the all-important awareness that so much of what makes a movie work unfolds below the surface of its plot .
The screenplay lets off the accelerator and runs into a few narrative dead ends .
Seek this riveting crime drama out wherever you can find it . Kevin Bacon is creepily great as a corrupt sheriff out to get his police car back from two joy-riding young boys . Director Jon Watts scores with a masterful gem .
Its characters are whittled down into plot-serving ciphers , left to dawdle in scenes that take too long .
There 's certainly a visual confidence to the first third of the film that hints at greater things ahead for Watts , but the storytelling is pretty flat and predictable .
Spare , unadorned and unsentimental crime thriller . Well done modern B-picture stuff that may be too cold-blooded for some viewers .
Watts directs with lean efficiency , and he does n't pull any punches with kids or adults .
The best way to enjoy Cop Car is with the windows all the way down . Nice and breezy .
The unsatisfying conclusion mars , almost fatally , what is otherwise an impressive calling card for a director who 's worth keeping tabs on .
-LSB- Cop Car features -RSB- the most evil monologue of the year . Perfectly , horribly , fantastically chilling .
`` Cop Car '' has two kids at its center , but do n't mistake this taut , wicked little thriller for a children 's film .
With his sense of black humor and with a coldly calculating view of a world determined by intransigent laws of physics , Watts recalls the Coen brothers of `` Blood Simple . ''
There is no fat on this lean thriller , with even impatient seconds at a Santa Fe Avenue stoplight contributing .
Bacon can play just about anything , and he 's having a good time here as a guy not quite smart enough to keep himself out of trouble , but wily enough to try to dig himself out of it . It 's fun to watch .
`` Cop Car '' builds up a nice , suspenseful head of steam , mixing dark comedy and true creepiness in such a way that one mood never overwhelms the other .
During the summer season of box-office bloat and fantasy , this is a lean little movie that also has the virtue of ending correctly .
It may take an eternity to get there , but Watts makes closure worth the wait .
This little gem is the kind of movie that is greater than the sum of its considerable parts .
There 's something mythic about the story unfolding before us , but the film avoids self-importance .
After starting strong as a promising , technically accomplished genre workout , Cop Car gets bogged down by wanton brutality that 's far cheaper and more exploitative than genuinely suspenseful .
Unfortunately , it 's an 80-minute movie and the distance proves too great for the thin plotting to cover .
This one 's more than a calling card , it 's the whole damn shebang .
Watts expertly builds the tension in the story , cutting back and forth between the escalating escapades of the boys and the downhill slide of the sheriff .
Nothing that follows matches the stripped-down smarts of the opening act , and the promising premise never develops into a proper story .
This is a tense , believable thriller ... full of nice homages to thrillers past ... with children who actually think and act like children . I liked the film when it started ; I liked it as it progressed ; and I really liked the ending .
Cop Car is a movie that prioritizes a child 's - eye view to merciless effect , even as it deals with corruption , drugs , and murder .
A must watch film for fans of grisly , violent crime thrillers ... -LSB- with -RSB- edge-of-your-seat tension , first-class writing , and a perfectly cast ensemble .
... -LSB- an -RSB- impressively taut neo-Western .
The plot description is a good old-fashioned okey-doke , a distraction that lulls you with its absurdity so you 'll be blindsided by the lean , suspenseful and effective movie director Jon Watts delivers .
There 's no denying Watts ' skill at a certain kind of desolate cat and mouse , but it 's in the service of what is ultimately a somewhat heartless exercise .
The movie is always coherent and precise , narratively and visually .
Cop Car feels like a great short stretched into a mediocre feature .
Part of what makes `` Cop Car '' such easy viewing is that it does n't ask much of you narratively or ethically .
Like To Kill a Mockingbird or The Night of the Hunter or the under-seen Undertow , Cop Car runs -- or , in this case , drives -- with the storytelling idea of innocent kids being caught up in less-than-innocent events , and goes to fascinating places .
A straightforward premise , but it 's one that 's executed with naturalism , surprising wit , and fantastic style .
Director Watts has a background in comedy direction , and a thin , sticky stream of exceptionally dark humor flows through the otherwise gut-churning realism of Cop Car .
Bacon is both sardonically funny and a force of nature in this film . He transforms himself physically through an act of imagination , not via some feat of training or doctor-monitored weight change .
What feels like an accidental mashup of two great pop styles - `` Stand By the Killer Inside Me '' - soon turns into a nice , grim little entertainment all its own .
A solid , low-budget thriller that proves you do n't need to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to make a good summer film .
Watts demonstrates a sadistic patience that 's refreshing , especially compared to the usual blockbuster breathlessness .
Scenes that should take 30 seconds take three minutes . Writer-director Jon Watts does successfully channel childhood , though : He 's like a kid short of ideas who triple-spaces his book report .
It evolves into a crime drama of an unnerving calibre , a devilish subversion of youthful fantasy and a viciously sabotaged adult thriller .
At times , Cop Car 's story is too spare -LSB- ... -RSB- but much is redeemed by the nail-biter finale .
Despite the real , bloody stakes , `` Cop Car '' keeps a boyish sense of action and adventure through to a twist ending . You have a right to remain thrilled .
We wo n't say ` Cop Car ' runs out of steam or takes a wrong turn , but its pat ending does seem like a minor miscalculation . Before then it seemed like a new cult classic had emerged fully formed .
The film soars early as a fantasy steeped in life and crashes into a drag of a crime drama , one ripped from the movies rather than anyone 's idea of small-town Colorado .
Cop Car is a deftly written and directed movie with car chases , violence , mayhem , and a cold and ruthless Kevin Bacon . This movie is absolute madness .
The narrative derives much of its tension from the unsentimental ambivalence Jon Watts displays toward the story 's two pre-teen boys .
Feels a little too Coen Brothers-lite and that 's not a good thing .
Inane chatter dominates Peckinpah-style action .
A lean , rugged neo-noir that tweaks genre conventions by putting two young boys at the center of its attention .
Cop Car remains thrilling throughout thanks to a successful balance of intense dread and spot-on humour .
A knowing exercise in audience manipulation that has some impressive sequences , but always feels rather more show-offy than sincere , lacking the tightness and wit that could have made it a minimalist triumph .
The screenplay falls short , making what might have been an instant classic into something more like instant gratification before the next Netflix click claims our wandering attention .
A surprisingly rich comedy , with an unexpected dash of tension and Coen Bros.-style crime fiction .
Early interest in exploring low-grade delinquency , the kind of wacky wish fulfillment only a kid could pull off , are the film 's high points , and it 's too bad Watts could n't keep careening down that path , lights cheerfully flashing , sirens giddily blaring .
B-movie gold ...
The screenplay for `` Cop Car '' is so clean and straight you could nick yourself on it .
A potentially fun premise soon turns into no fun at all in Cop Car , a seriously imagination-challenged low-end action thriller .
Imagine if Sam Peckinpah had directed an Amblin movie with a screenplay by Jim Thompson . That 's COP CAR in a nutshell .
One unnerving , stress-inducing joyride , and once you 're buckled in , there 's nothing left but to see it through to the end .
Watching the kids play with guns is always uncomfortable . It 's honest though . If kids did this , it would feel fake if they did n't play with the dangerous toys . I feel the film is responsible about it , but rightfully pushes our buttons .
Bacon , sporting a creepy moustache , is great , and both boys give strong , naturalistic performances .
In no small part because of the film 's setting , it almost begins to resemble what No Country for Old Men would 've looked like if produced by Amblin Entertainment .

@highlight

Cop Car boasts a terrific premise and a grimly gripping opening act -- and for some viewers , that will be enough to compensate for the movie 's uneven denouement .