Jodie Foster and thoughtful Irish international director Neil Jordan take us to places we 'd probably rather avoid .
The Brave One can at times be a brutal , violent and harrowing portrait of an over burdened system , where thugs rule the streets and the corrupt contaminate the upper echelon of society . It is also an un-original revenge/vigilante story .
Deplorable urban-vengeance melodrama
You know what would be brave ? Making an unflinching film about a difficult-to-tackle topic and complex characters , and sticking to your message , damn the torpedoes .
The Brave One is worth seeing for the scenes between Terrence Howard and Jodie Foster .
The Brave One is not merely the most morally repellent film of the year , but a contender for the stupidest .
They 're trotting it around at all the festivals trying to distract everyone from how bad it is .
-LSB- A -RSB- dopey action movie featuring the contributions of people too talented to waste their time on something this risible .
Jordan je , koriste % u0107i svoj nesumnjivi re % u017Eijski talent , snimio film koji je istovremeno i staromodan i moderan
The switch is flipped so quickly by Erica that I did n't root for her vengeance , I felt sorry for her .
The Brave One feels like a superhero movie , charting the familiar story of an unsuspecting everywoman who discovers one day that a gun gives her special powers to right wrongs and uphold justice .
Audience identification with the movie really rests on whether you 're turned off by this freestyle , really pissed off judge and jury female assassin , or else in the mood to cut this loose cannon sexy sniper some slack .
If nothing else , enjoy Nicky Katt 's hilariously smart-ass one-liners .
The movie never seems entirely plausible . Yet it makes no difference ; we still get involved with it .
In this dreary , cockamamie Valentine to New York City haters , concocted by the father/son team of Roderick and Bruce A. Taylor -- a good argument for the government sterilization of a certain family 's genes -- radio personality Erica Bain -LRB- Foster -RRB- is confront
Just a more superficially sober version of Death Wish .
The profoundly discouraging ending does n't work .
Una película mediocre , sensacionalista y manipuladora filmada por un buen director .
An unapologetic genre picture powered by a pair of honest performances that plucks our emotional strings and races our pulses .
You will be rooting for her to off more bad guys , rather than understanding that she is disturbed and out of control .
Powerful themes , intense emotions and a faultless performance from Jodie Foster are central to Neil Jordan 's film , yet I have a fundamental problem with the story 's morals , condoning violence , revenge and the protagonist taking the law into her own hands
It is tough and challenging and twists and turns in ways that are not expected or obvious or easy .
What you ca n't deny is Foster 's expertise at mixing vulnerability with an inner rage that half excuses what she is doing .
Foster keeps us gripped with a convincing display of steely determination and moral ambiguity .
It is Foster and Howard 's performances that really help this movie rise above just a revenge fantasy .
Suggests a real lack of imagination on the part of the filmmakers and a sad capitulation to the idea that violence is the only answer .
The film 's final unforgivable fault is its sheer , plodding dullness .
Alas , moral niceties are blown away in a frenzy of retribution , and a `` controversial '' ending undoes any plausibility .
Like Foster 's character , Erica Bain , the movie makes a tortured show of conscience , then trades it in for a leather jacket and a semi-automatic .
As with all revenge movies , it simply provides its thrills by bumping off the bad guys .
Neil Jordan ought to be doing more challenging material than this overblown , overwrought thriller that has only obvious points to make about the moral swamp that is urban vigilantism .
As you 'd expect , the talented Foster and Howard clearly relish sinking their teeth into a pair of well-rounded parts , their relationship teetering between cop and suspect , and the possibility of a romance .
Led by Jodie Foster , The Brave One is an adult Hollywood thriller a notch above most vigilante movies . Powerful and provocative , it will keep you thinking long after you 've left the cinema .
Foster 's moments of quality drive home how shaky and inconsistent this vigilante drama is . Want something to avenge ? How about the way it fails to live up to the sum of its reputable talents . Now that 's criminal ...
Beautifully played , the tantalising accretion of mutual understanding between Foster and Howard is one of the film 's strengths , yet the plot machinations required to lever it into position would overstretch credibility in the clunkiest action flick .
Foster convinces as the petrified victim turned vengeful killer and Howard is superb as the world weary detective . Together , they just about managed to save a frequently ham-fisted script .
It wants to be a modern Taxi Driver ; it manages to be the new Falling Down , with Foster as fierce as ever .
Foster is terrific and Jordan 's direction is impressive , but the film does n't quite succeed , due to the strain of trying to be both angry revenge thriller and emotional , thought-provoking drama .
Dirty Jodie
Kill 'em Jodie .
Jodie Foster and Terrence Howard deliver unforgettable performances that elevate this movie to more than a revenge film .
Masterwork of craft , manipulating viewer emotions to elicit unthinking responses and unabashed bloodlust .
Too unpleasantly stern to be exploitation , and too bloodthirsty to be drama .
At its best , this high-toned vigilante picture depicts a woman almost literally transformed by violence , first as a victim , then as a participant ; she could be a cousin to one of the car-wreck victims in David Cronenberg 's ` Crash . '
Bravura performances ca n't save this '' ` One , '' a run-of-the-mill vigilante flick from director Neil Jordan -LRB- not known for his run-of-the-mill anything -RRB- .
And that brings us the bad stuff , heretofore known as the script . The story keeps on putting Erica in harm 's way , so much that you 're not sure why . I mean , would a woman alone really ride on the subway at night ?
Be care of the bait and switch . The film flip-flops from start to finish between a heart film with a vigilante and a vigilante film with a heart .
The fire goes out long before the film ends .
Works as exploitation but fails at anything more socially relevant .
In Jordan 's hands , the film becomes a tormented trip into a nightmarish world of murky darkness and neo-Expressionist camera angles .
With all the thematic false starts and missed opportunity , The Brave One boils down to violence begets violence , and says it cures all the pain of loss .
... one of the most compelling and flat-out exciting revenge thrillers to come along in quite some time .
-LSB- Despite some flaws , -RSB- I do recommend the movie - for Foster 's stunning performance and for the story 's willingness to explore the honest-to-goodness implications of violence .
I think The Brave One could have been a better film with a different ending , but it 's still a well-crafted , thought-provoking story with outstanding performances .
Unfortunately , with each bullet she discharges , credibility takes a hit .
Jordan 's Brave delves into a showy yet sluggish crime drama that incorporates all the cliched parts of a fatalistic fantasy audiences have seen over and over .
Foster and Howard are outstanding actors and they play their roles very well in this film , keeping the empowerment-by-murder plot from sinking until the end .
should have been a quickie revenge flick , but turns out to have a lot more meat on its bones thanks to Foster 's strong performance and assured direction by Neil Jordan
An ugly , nasty , self-deluding piece of sadistic trash .
As polished as it may be on the surface , ` The Brave One ' is never satisfying because the complexities of eloquent language or imagery are not present .
It 's as much about the unfocused feelings of vengeful rage many Americans had after 9/11 as about a woman going on a killing spree .
Bull 's - eye .
NYC as a dangerous metropolis where a gun-toting fem avenger indulging in a cerebral bloodsport has a close brush with death every five minutes or so .
Armed with good performances -- and contrivances .
Decent revenge flicks allow some viewers to continually ask `` What if . ''
Got the exploitation part right but could n't get much else right .
... sullied by sludgy screenwriting , but Jodie and Jordan almost pull it out of the mire . It 's a misfire , but an interesting one .
In that moment , the movie changes too , from a subjective contemplation of her grief and loss to an erratic vigilante pic .
Did n't I just see this film two weeks ago with Kevin Bacon in Death Sentence ? Terrance Howard is strong , though . Funny lines from Nicky Katt .
The Brave One moves at a brisk pace and Foster and Howard do a fine pas de deux as the plot develops .
Somehow , Foster and Howard make it work .
The Brave One might have been honest , perceptive , and troubling . Instead , it becomes aimless revenge porn .
It 's entertaining but it 's certainly not the essay on violence it purports to be ... At least it 's not boring . Whenever you see a scumbag , at least you know she 's going to shot him in the face .
Is there really a difference between
Following her first vigilante act , the movie starts hemorhagging IQ points and the faux hand wringing escalates . This movie never stops lying to itself
The only thing that could have made this movie better is if it were revealed at the end that our leading lady was really a man . But we 've been down that path before .
It can never seem to decide if it 's escapist action or social commentary and , as a result , it never commits to either .
Foster does her best with a flawed story whose ending rings even less true than the rest of it .
Regardless of the artistry involved , The Brave One ultimately never really strays from the same moral low road as Death Wish .
Uncertainty helps keep The Brave One on its toes .
A violent action movie with a heart and soul . Watching it is difficult ; forgetting it is more so .
Jodie Foster and director Neil Jordan shift the genre to the murky left , where right and wrong are not so black and white .
You long for all this combined talent to be in the service of something more deserving than a retread of a story that has lost the edge it had 33 years ago .
The Brave One celebrates its avenging angel as it pretends to examine her .
One guesses this slick , decidedly mainstream project is little more than a paycheck -LSB- for director Jordan -RSB- . Unfortunately , it shows . The minutes pass quickly enough in watching The Brave One , but it is a waste of time .
Why is The Brave One so much less satisfying than Death Wish ?
A true shocker that will shatter your nerves and get you talking .
The moody tone and carefully balanced drama turn a grubby premise into something unexpectedly elegant .
Clever , calculated , ` responsible ' filmmaking .
Worth watching for Foster 's fiercely arresting performance .
Two terrific lead actors under the direction of the estimable Jordan are n't enough to overcome the proven axiom that although you can make a bad movie from a good script , you ca n't make a good one from a bad one .
Some form of this eye-for-an eye argument could probably be made , but The Brave One never bothers to make it . Instead , it relies on sentiment , platitudes , plot holes and fear itself .
Less a brave movie than a foolhardy one . Trapped in a no man 's land between seriousness and pulp trash , it plays like a combination of Death Wish and The Hours . If that sounds like an awkward fit , it is .
The likes of the great , loony Ms. 45 and dozens of Asian exploitation movies did -LSB- this subject -RSB- trashier . Yet , somehow , many of those felt more honest .
Eventually we wake up . This is really just another Ms. .45 revenge flick , only with artistic pretensions .
We loved looking at the movie . The performances from Foster and Howard are absolutely terrific . What the hell any of it means escapes us .
It 's lily-livered narrative cowardice , and I reject it .
It is vengeance porn dressed up as an important film , a reverse slasher movie feigning some weak pretense of meaning beyond its own bloodlust .
Thoughtful action picture ? Meditation on grieving ? The Brave One tries to be both but just misses its target , despite the presence of a magnetic Jodie Foster .
The Brave One is as bold a movie as we are likely to see this year , a movie that has more in common with 1970s provocations like Straw Dogs and Taxi Driver .
What the screenwriters do n't achieve in dialogue , director Jordan often delivers visually . He and his cinematographer employ a particularly powerful way to evoke Erica 's resurfacing . It resembles a slow blink ; it suggest a brain grappling to make sense .
Psychological suspense is what makes The Brave One spellbinding . The movie does n't dine out on action scenes , but regards with great curiosity how these two people will end up .
What might have been a serious drama about coming to terms with violence and loss turns into a crowd-pleasing and increasingly far-fetched remake of Death Wish .
The Brave One is oppressively plot-driven . All the mood is snuffed out . The filmmakers so want Erica 's actions to make sense to us that the movie usually seems illogical despite itself .
Erica finds herself in mortal danger so often you 'd think New York had reverted to pre-Giuliani anarchy .
Fundamentally insane .
An ugly , manipulative mess .
Where once -LSB- Foster -RSB- made Nell ... and , yes , Silence of the Lambs , now she makes commercial trash like this . She , and her fans , deserve better .
Even the masterful Jodie Foster ca n't manage to raise this sluggish vigilante yarn above other movies of its ilk .
Foster is so good , and the plight of an ordinary person destroyed by violence so compelling , that the movie is likely to be a hit .
Foster and Howard are both wonderful actors and they try very hard to make this soul stuff work . But the absurdity of the script does them in .
Foster is remarkably believable . She never seems to be ` acting ' .
Almost tortuously high-tension and exciting , it switches gender with Charles Bronson 's `` Death Wish . ''
OK , Jodie , if you 're making comparisons to `` Taxi Driver '' : One 's a masterpiece about the penchant for emotionally apocalyptic violence . The other is manipulative junk tapping into its star 's success at kicking butt . Guess which of those is `` The Brave One . ''
Every slimeball Erica encounters menaces her with remorseless , repulsive sadism -- there 's never anyone who just has a lewd comment , say ... Everyone wants to bludgeon or shoot her , mutilate and molest her ...
In the final reel , Jordan and Foster serve up violence and revenge as cynical button-pushing , which the audience eats up with a Pavlovian response .
The film does n't know whether it should celebrate Erica 's evolution into a feminine vigilante warrior or condemn it .
Jordan 's most interesting film since The Butcher Boy .
With a title that suggests the start of an epic poem or perhaps a fairy tale , The Brave One is a startling achievement for stars Jodie Foster and Terrance Howard , and yet another notch in the growing artistic oeuvre of Neil Jordan .
Jodie Foster 's commanding performance compensates for a film that ca n't decide whether it 's an updated version of 1970s vigilante actioners a la Death Wish or a more provocative chronicle in post-9 / 11 New York .
not unlike its heroine : conflicted and unsure of which way to go . ... -LRB- Foster -RRB- emphasizes Erica 's anguish and the shock that comes from realizing that you 're capable of doing things you once would have found abhorrent .
A seventies ' revenge movie with a woefully unconvincing patina of intellectual justification , The Brave One is the sort of genre movie that gets more credit than it deserves .
Because it wants the applause both of the chatting classes and the blood crowd , The Brave One does n't take a firm position about vigilantism .
Hoorah for vigilantism ! Who needs the rule of law when you 've got guns ?
Brave One is n't Death Wish , but there are moments where I could see Jordan giving in to that impulse .
My one complaint about this otherwise excellent film involves the ending , which does n't ring true to me .
-LSB- Jordan -RSB- presents the material with intelligence . Unfortunately , intelligence is not what this movie needs .
Forget about comparing this film to Death Wish , as many already have this is n't good enough to deserve comparison to Death Wish 4 : The Crackdown .
Drama , action , humor and sex appeal . What more could you ask for ?
Remind me not to piss Jodie Foster off !
It wants to be a moody , dark exploration of pain and revenge -LRB- the same feelings I experienced during and after the movie -RRB- .
The Brave One is glossy trash masquerading as a meaningful and important drama , and that 's the biggest shame of all .
The Brave One , though well cast and smoothly directed , is just as crude and ugly as you want it to be .
Foster is n't the only one abused in this film . Viewers are , too .
There 's a lot to admire in The Brave One . It just does n't cut as deeply as it needs to .
Despite some quality performances , from both Foster and her co-star , Terrence Howard , The Brave One is every bit as ludicrous and every bit as wrong-headed and distasteful as those other -LSB- vigilante -RSB- films .
The finale is bad enough to make you wish the actress were working more often , so that the blatantly commercial stuff was n't all she was letting us see .
Curtis the Dog and Erica Bain review The Brave One .
Has neither the depth of character nor of theme to justify the condoning of her actions .
You may hate yourself for yielding to the expertise of the manipulation , but the vicarious thrill of The Brave One is the sense of pulling your own trigger on pure evil and watching the bullet tear through .
The Brave One is Death Wish with a guilty conscience , and while it may be a bit of a hypocrite as vigilante thrillers go , the internal contradictions of the thing make for a very interesting picture .
Everything about Foster 's ocular intensity is riveting , but little in this hushed vigilante drama makes sense .
The Brave One wins out , if nothing else , because it knows the power of the gun .
Riddled with illogical plot contrivances , pat irony , half-formed subplots , and a climax that stretches the boundaries of what can be swallowed .
A cheapjack vigilante potboiler .
The Brave One thinks it has something to say about how we live in this real world today , and it wants to say it while hoping we 'll overlook one plot hole after another .
Both viewers and the characters onscreen must deal with the fact that we like when criminals get what 's coming to them , regardless of who 's pulling the trigger .
Unfortunately , the plotting in The Brave One is rather pedestrian and often flawed , undermining this film 's potential for greatness .
You half expect the CSI : New York characters played by Gary Sinise and Mila Karakanedes to show up at the first , second or third crime scenes .
Jordan 's ballsy and sometimes bonkers movie is more ambitious and alive -- more worth writing , talking and thinking about -- than anything that has tumbled off the Hollywood assembly line in a good long while .
It 's a throwback girl-with-a-gun exploitation tale , as well as an evolved feminist fable ; and an impeccable dissection of gun control , as well as a wicked mockery of NRA mentality .
The very fact that it 's so well-made actually makes the picture all the more morally dubious .
-LSB- Jordan -RSB- transforms here into a Hollywood hack , out to satisfy the lowest-common-denominator movie-exploitation prerequisites .
Dreadful misfire casts Jodie Foster as a vengeance-fueled vigilante bent on cleaning up a New York that has n't existed for years .
Put a cowl on her and she 's Batman ...
Foster 's subtle but gut-wrenching performance gives you a palpable sense of adrenaline and self-loathing at the same time
A bold and powerful thriller
Jodie Foster creates a symphony of raw emotions . A huge crowd pleaser .
The Brave One seems to be implicitly saying that only men are capable of forceful action , only men are interesting at the centre of a moral quandary -- or at least , women who resemble men .
The Brave One has opened the fall movie season with a bang , indeed with a lot of bang , bang , bangs . Do n't miss it .
This one 's all about performance : Ms. Foster 's as a gun-toting angel of vengeance overcomes flaws in plot .
Foster 's achievement is maintaining her humanity and keeping us on her side at all times .
By the time Foster says ` I want my dog back ' , you might be saying you want your money back . But by then , it will be too late . You 'll have been seduced ...
Although it is bloody and at times brutal , it does n't revel in the violence . There 's more to the movie than initially meets the eye for an eye .
What could impel Jodie Foster and director Neil Jordan to whisk us back to the bad old days of Death Wish and Ms. 45 ? Were their credit cards maxed out ?
Suggests something tailored for people who buy their CDs at coffee shops and approve of how Rudy Giuliani pimped out Times Square to the Disney Company .
The performers , however , almost make us forget the problems with the script . Foster and Howard are a riveting pair .
As its blandly heroic title forecasts , `` The Brave One '' is a revenge fantasy that floats like a narrative helium balloon waiting to find its ceiling .
An emotion-filled commentary on loss , revenge and redemption , The Brave One is a smart , well-acted , engaging thriller ...
The thing that keeps One from totally sailing off the tracks Terrence Howard .
Those going into this film expecting some kind of corollary to Foster 's other film about random violence , The Accused , will be disappointed for the simple reason that that was a serious film , and this is not .
In the end it 's a film that does n't know what it wants to be - on the one hand it 's visceral entertainment -LRB- B-thriller ? -RRB- , and on the other hand it tries for some arch conservative , Reaganesque view of conflict resolution .
With a smart script , sure-handed direction and strongly internalised performances , this film astutely blends a personal drama with a revenge thriller .
Jodie Foster has a good shot at awards recognition in this flawed but still disturbing vigilante drama .
Foster 's pistol-packing turn as an avenging dark angel nearly sustains director Neil Jordan 's grim vigilante drama through a string of implausibilities and occasionally trite psychological framing devices , with deft support from Terrence Howard .
In exploring what fear has done to Erica , Jodie Foster gives one of the best performances of her career .
Director Neil Jordan , usually a master at creating atmosphere , keeps us at a remote distance throughout .







@highlight

Magnetic by between Jodie Foster and Terrence Howard ca n't quite compensate for The Brave One 's problematic and unconvincing eye-for-an-eye moral .