Race feels like a lustrous after-school special , suffering from an uninspired treatment that favours a cozy , glossy look over gritty authenticity .
Missing completely in the picture is an examination of the commitment and the determination that made Owens such an extraordinary athlete . We learn nothing about his inner essence ; all we learn about him is that he can run faster than anyone else .
It may be overwritten and a rocky ride with very little visual flair from its director , but drawing attention to Jesse Owens is only a good thing . Besides , you also get to watch Hitler act a sore loser
While Sudeikis and James comprise the athletics angle of the film , Irons owns the behind-the-scenes part that deals with the bureaucracy . Ultimately though , what comes clearly through is that this is a really inspirational story .
Watching an underdog win International sprints in sepia tone is reminiscent of Bhaag Milkha Bhaag . But this movie has much more emotional depth and deftness than the Indian biopic . If you enjoy films and sports , this is a must watch .
What really impressed me was the screenplay from British husband-and-wife team Joe Shrapnel and Anna Waterhouse , which is clear , well structured and keeps the truly shocking revelations coming right to the end .
As a rags-to-riches tale set against a fascinating historic backdrop , Race is a joy from start to finish .
What we get , in the end , is more of the same .
If , however , you are not well acquainted with the story of Jesse Owens , and it is a story that can withstand even a mediocre telling , you should see this film .
Race is n't a bad film or biopic for that matter . It 's beautifully shot , informative , and has some fantastic actors helming it . However , that 's exactly what you 'd expect .
The film is woefully disjointed , frustratingly removed from its lead character , and overly sanitized .
Given all its volatile and exhilarating ingredients , it 's disappointing that Race does n't have greater impact .
ace is a history lesson , personal profile and a crowd pleaser .
... Race pushes things aside that could do with more exploration ...
Race means well , and it certainly wants to tell Owens ' story as completely as it can . Yet Hopkins and company never quite get there , the whole enterprise coming up a little short of the finish line as it lumbers its way down the track .
Race is earnest and sincere but it lacks the complexity that made 42 -LRB- the story about African-American baseball superstar Jackie Robinson -RRB- cinematically compelling .
Race is a classic underdog sports movie .
Race attempts to tell two stories : about the life of Jesse Owens and the relationship between the US and Germany . Neither receives the attention it deserves .
All in all a conventional movie that wo n't frighten the horses .
This is a very powerful film with excellent performances by Stephan James and Jason Sudeikis . Director Stephen Hopkins maintains a good pace , despite having a lot of characters and a complicated story to deal with .
A bronze film for a man who deserves gold .
It tells the story as a story , and that works because it is a great one , however it lacks insight into the man . It 's long but holds the attention .
It may not be Oscar-worthy but the picture tells Owens ' remarkable story effectively and with increasing tension , especially once the action shifts to the Games themselves .
The simplistic approach means that the film might work best for family audiences as an entry-level introduction to the history of racial politics .
Competent but unremarkable .
As a primer on Owens 's life and achievements , the film works well enough . As a drama about race , politics , changing social attitudes and the winds of war , it is a non-starter .
Hopkins wants us to believe that the unifying power of sport can overcome the divisiveness of politics , and so he places all subtlety to the side to force this sentimental notion down our throats .
That it remains broadly watchable owes much to James 's lean , committed turn , but what 's around him often seems to be carving its lightning-bolt history into not stone but easily digestible cheese .
Every sports film needs some solid opposition to raise the stakes . How about the entire Third Reich ?
-LSB- Owens -RSB- deserves a biopic ; just not one this shallow .
As a way of melding sport and politics , biopic and historical document , Race is an impressive achievement - and one to be savoured .
It 's an important story about a groundbreaking African American , and it 's disappointing to see it reframed , by its -LRB- white -RRB- director and -LRB- white -RRB- screenwriters , as a film that 's just as much about the white people around him
The tension of the competition , usually the staple of sporting films , is sorely missing . You do n't get a sense of the rigour of Owens ' training and the enormity of his achievement , which is otherwise so well documented .
` Race ' is worth running out to see .
... a passable yet somewhat disappointing look at an iconic American figure .
A stirring film biography , rich in period detail and inspiring in its depiction of one man 's triumph over racism
Could n't anyone come up with a better portrait of Jesse Owens and his times than this ?
When the film plays to its generous , old-fashioned strengths of celebrating determination and perseverance , it works quite nicely
An engaging , even exemplary biopic .
An inspiring , feel-good story with a deferential protagonist perhaps more palatable to those who took issue with Beyoncé 's politically charged Super Bowl performance .
Jesse Owens was a runner -- but that does n't mean Race should run away from his story . Sadly , that 's exactly what the new biopic about the track star does .
Owens ' story is so inspirational that Race still manages , in bits and pieces , to overcome this sanitized , populist narrative .
Race is at its most interesting when it all too briefly looks at the way Owens was received by a segregated America upon his triumphant return . But , just when it finally has something interesting to say , the movie fades to black .
... Worthy of its deceptively complex title .
The acting is fine , especially Stephan James as Jesse Owens . He gives the right amount of courage , ambition and sometimes skepticism .
It 's not a biopic 's job to be accurate , no matter this one 's promotional effort to claim that it is . It 's possible , however , for a film about history to represent the complications of doing so , to raise questions about what 's visible and what 's left out .
A wonderful biopic of Jesse Owens good for family viewing
Despite a few concessions toward a grimmer long view , the blandly inspirational Race falls way short of the finish line .
Stephen Hopkins 's Race is the sort of biopic that gives the genre a bad name .
The tale 's power is further blunted by wooden exposition , fruitless sidetracks , and ludicrous casting .
There 's an invisible wink , a little nudge that acknowledges our 21st century gaze on 20th century events ... . Everyone here wants to handle historical detail without being offensive .
Jesse Owens , the African-American athlete who ran rings around Nazi notions of a master race at the 1936 Olympics in Berlin , deserves a film as great as his own feats . Alas , Race is n't it .
A glossy , superficial biopic set in a historical context that begs for more , Race can at least claim to be one of the two best movies ever made about Olympic hero/Hitler-embarrasser Jesse Owens .
Race starts with good intentions and a genuinely inspiring true-life tale , but with a scattered story and shapeless direction , it struggles at the finish line .
Sudeikis is miscast , the history is revisionist and it wants to be an epic , but is n't .
An amazing cast brings an amazing story to life .
Race has the tools necessary for greatness and not enough heart to make it happen .
Owens ' four gold medals did n't exactly change the world -- for him or anyone else . As the movie reminds us , there was -- and remains still -- a much longer race to be run .
A wallpaper-thin but sentimentally effective hagiography .
A commendable but conventional look at Jesse Owen 's tremendous success on and off the track .
The bare necessities are there , the performances are competent , and there are some strong moments but Race suffers from a lack of ambition . It 's too safe and that quality mutes its impact and limits its ability to be more than a history lesson .
While Owens left Berlin with four gold medals - and a deserving place as one of the greatest athletes of the early 20th century - the film at best settles for the bronze .
Race fails to properly contextualize the achievements of Jesse Owens by imbuing its story with a modern , sterilized sensibility .
Race is the most timid , lackadaisical movie that could have been made out of potentially classic material .
Is always more interesting when it 's less about sport and more about Hitler 's humiliation on the world stage
` Race ' is mostly a film that recounts Owens ' achievements . It 's not a human representation of his experience .
Race finishes in the middle of the biopic genre pack - a bronze medal winner that honors Jesse Owens but falls short of cinematic greatness .
Race is the rare biopic that needs more of its own main character .
While it may have been an extraordinary time in which this one man pulled off his extraordinary achievements , a movie starts to lose its impact when it begins to feel that it 's more about the time than about the man .
A very inspiring , long overdue tribute to a great patriot and African-American icon .
Where is Owens in all of this ? By the end of Race , we do n't know much more about him as an individual than we did when the movie began .
Race follows the pattern of so many other sports biopics in which it 's white patronage that makes black triumphs possible .
It 's a terrific story , and by simply telling it competently , the film is worth taking your kids to . At the same itme , it 's not a satisfying portrayal of an extraordinary individual or sterling historical event .
It presents some horrible truths about mankind with a power and grace . The film 's messages are powerful and beautifully conveyed .
Race is a collection of good parts that make up a decent whole .
... too long , too slow , has clumsy recreations of the sporting events , has an actor who does n't reflect Owens ' pleasing personality , and replaces facts with Hollywood fiction ... Jessie Owens deserves better .
A handsomely mounted drama about a pivotal moment in the life of track star Jesse Owens ...
`` Race '' is a lot like last year 's Jackie Robinson drama , `` 42 '' , in that it takes a fairly simple approach to a difficult personal struggle . That does n't mean the film is without power or significance .
`` Race '' is an inspiring and entertaining movie ... and it 's long overdue .
A genuine crowd-pleaser with sympathetic heroes and a true villain .
Old-fashioned , conventional biopic that 's inspirational - a noble effort ...
`` Race '' is a rousing film packed with applause-worthy moments you 'll find in all of the best sports movies .
It 's good , but not great , and never really delivers on the emotional , jump from your seat to celebrate level . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sex , Violence , Profanity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
Fine performances propel well-intentioned Owens biopic .
Race wants to end , unsurprisingly , on a note of uplift-but for a film with so much dark , unexplored potential , it 's an unsatisfying finish line to cross .
Earnest , straightforward , and a little on-the-nose .
The film is competent and true , but it breaks little ground and wo n't go down as any kind of sports cinema classic . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
An inspiring - even if sometimes uneven - film , Race addresses topical ideas of racial bigotry by treating them as irrelevant in the grander scheme of things .
This inspiring Race runs on character , not victimization .
Hopkins and the writing team try very hard to get every little piece of the story into the film , rather than going into a deeper focus on an episode or a moment .
The myth of the Olympics is that it 's not about politics . Race is the story of an athlete who , by doing his best , made a political statement that still resonates today .
Hopkins films all the races with suitable élan - since Owens was a sprinter , accomplishing his feats in a matter of seconds , they are relatively easy to dramatize - but you do n't leave the theatre with much understanding of how he did it .
A so-so movie about an extraordinary athlete .
Race eventually crosses the expected finish line , but there are hurdles along the way that ca n't be overcome .
Merely good enough , rather than something spectacular .
James deserves a grittier version of Jesse Owens to play , working with material that 's ready to examine flaws and quiet dignity , and not just treat the man as an action figure inside an Olympic playset .
But Race is best appreciated as an allegorical shake-up with the focus on Jesse 's big moments and competitions . And they feel quite big .
The kind of Disney-fied production that gives audiences an underdog to root for and feel good about without offering much insight into its inspirational subject .
... one could argue that the portayal of Snyder by Jason Sudeikis , the longtime `` Saturday Night Live '' comedian , simply stops the movie dead in its tracks .
Rich , compelling drama and a fitting tribute .
`` Race '' tells the story of a brave and gifted and determined man who accomplished great feats during a pivotal moment in world history - but it 's a by-the-numbers sports biopic with little nuance and a penchant for saccharine-soaked dramatic moments .
`` Race '' will undoubtedly raise awareness of Owens ' accomplishments and the travails he endured . That 's a good thing . But one could wish for more substance in his personal story .
There are facts that can be gleaned from the film , but the audience is still left looking for the whole story , any of the whole stories , and will leave disappointed at having gotten none .
While the film itself is a sometimes mediocre feel-good sports biography , it 's hard not to be swept up by Owens ' strength of character and seeing his incredible story on screen .
-LSB- O -RSB- ne ca n't help but feel that the movie downplays the far more important ideas and ideals here .
Despite its shortcomings , Race is still a rich , engaging , and ambitious sports biopic that does right by its true story .
It 's a saga of unquenchable spirit and fast-twitch muscles shot in slow-twitch style .
`` Race '' wants so badly to get every last bit of the big picture that it dashes past the little details that actually tell a story . Like an over-trained athlete who pulls a hamstring in the big race , the movie tries to do it all and comes up short .
`` Race '' is disappointing in parts , but Stephan James makes for an appealing star ...
Owens 's story is certainly one that needs telling , although Race is n't as strong as it could be , even if it does include a larger narrative than one man 's rise to greatness .
Director Stephen Hopkins plods when he needs to sprint , but Jesse Owens is a great movie subject . His triumph at the 1936 Olympics left Hitler to suck it up and watch a black man shatter his cuckoo theories of an Aryan master race .
James and Sudeikis are strong and it has its heart in the right place , but Race is too easily distracted to stick the landing .
Director Stephen Hopkins does a serviceable job at the helm , but adds little zing to the proceedings .
Earnest and semi-hagiographical ... , it 's hard to dislike but at the same time easy to criticize for treating its subject in such glossy , sanitized terms .
Owens ' performance at the Olympics , a series of beautifully shot scenes , are of course among the highlights of the movie , as are the scenes at the 1935 Big Ten track meet , when he set three world records and tied a fourth .
Overstuffed , muddy-headed , heavy-handed , derivative , and weirdly sanitized - and yet it almost works , because who would n't thrill to see a black man take on Nazi ideology on the world stage ?
Relying on the thrill of the running scenes , on what Owens accomplishes , lets Race come by its uplift through action , instead of big speeches .
`` Race '' reminds us that long before television elevated black sports heroes into gods , there were athletes like Jesse Owens who paved the way .
Admirable , if often conventional Jesse Owens biopic . Stephan James is excellent .
The film delivers what it promises - an education and a thrill .
Making a few admirable attempts to complicate what could have been a standard-issue inspirational sports narrative , `` Race '' is better than it has to be , but not by too much ...
I understand the screenwriters ' decision to pair Owens ' story with the drama surrounding the U.S. decision whether to compete in the Olympics , but that timeline robs us of some of the drama of the protagonist 's story .
Why take on a historical subject if you 're just going to turn it into a biopic we 've already seen ?
`` Race '' is only faintly stirring , turning history into a dry reenactment .
At its core , Race remains a conventional sports biopic , but one beautifully ensconced in period fashions , vehicles and props , crowned with winning performances from James and Sudeikis , all captured by Levy 's sharp , zesty camera work .
The script and direction of `` Race '' are both workmanlike and serve the film well , helping us to see Owens and Snyder as ordinary people with extraordinary gifts .
`` Race '' ca n't help but engage when it gets to the games . But what 's the point of telling Jesse Owens ' story if you do n't get into what made him tick , and drove his success as an athlete ?
It 's amazing , the power of drama to make audiences worry about an outcome that is part of the historical record , but `` Race '' accomplishes just that .
The film is a complication-smoothing take on Jesse Owens 's elegant riposte to Hitler 's racism at the 1936 Olympics .
Hopkins , a prolific producer/director of B movies , moves things at a steady pace through the film 's two-plus hours , getting many facts right , fudging a few and ignoring some . Those it shows with sensitivity are breathtaking .
Ultimately , it offers history told as a series of passing anecdotes .
James makes for a charismatic hero , and former `` Saturday Night Live '' star Sudeikis is a revelation as the steadfast Snyder .
Serviceable instead of inspired , the movie will perform decently thanks to the magic of Jesse Owens ' name .
Though conventional , Race does a decent job of re-creating the details of Owens ' easy-to-root-for story . But it offers only a glimpse of who Owens really was as a man .
As a Hollywood biography of the great Jesse Owens , it 's meant to be epic . But its characters feel flat and unreal . Apart from a few big moments , it 's as cheap and false as a 1970s TV flick .
The predictability of its storytelling beats is n't really the problem , for there is comfort to be found in the dance of the familiar . The issue here is the tone of the material .
At a time when the Oscars and movies , in general , struggle with finding racial balance , two guys of different skin colors coming together for some sports-movie magic is a fitting and truly welcoming lapping of the competition .
A keen exploration of how to make a political statement without saying a word , and how best to stay true to one 's self while making necessary compromises and calculations .
The Jesse Owens story ! Inspirational and uplifting ! A true American hero ! Bring the whole family !
Represents more moral ambiguity than found in most stories like this . Necessary stuff .
The title is on-the-nose but rather fitting for the story of Jesse Owens , the black track-and-field athlete who stunned the world by winning four gold medals at the 1936 Olympics in Adolf Hitler 's Berlin ...
A dull portrait of an extraordinary man .
Directed by Stephen Hopkins from a screenplay by Joe Shrapnel and Anna Waterhouse , `` Race '' is a well-made biopic about Owens at the Berlin Games and the events leading up to his extraordinary accomplishment .
Hopkins renders it all in broad strokes , with a bland , TV-movie flatness .
There are reasons to wish that Race ... offered a broader , deeper portrait of the man . Yet , as a celebration and evocation of a stunning moment in time , it 's an engrossing and occasionally surprising take on an iconic event in sports history .
The close-ups tell you where to look ; the music tells you how to feel . Which is not to say the indelicately titled Race is less than entertaining . It is just obvious and old-fashioned .
`` Race '' is the story of Owens in his finest moments , and it succeeds in telling it . Just do n't expect more than that .

@highlight

Race is nowhere near as thrillingly fleet or agile as its subject , but the story -- and a winning central performance from Stephan James -- are enough to carry it over the finish line .