It is n't very encouraging when the opening credits of a comedy highlight butt cracks and enlarged horse penises during a montage of postcard photographs , but at least it was a sign to set expectations very low
Right from the start , however , there are signs that Vacation might be a comically unlucky film .
We 've seen it all before and , to be honest , the Vacation package had already lost its ability to elicit even faint smiles and chuckles toward the end of its run .
Vacation is not an offensively bad movie . It 's not very funny , but at least it 's not openly contemptuous of its audience .
Vacation can not escape its background nor recover as anything but a pale offshoot of the original .
Wacky hijinks ensue , some of them very funny , some dipping desperately into bad taste , some just falling flat . -LRB- Which , it 's worth remembering , was the case with even the best films of this franchise . -RRB-
It 's a good indication of what to expect : a crass comedy that unfortunately fails to capture the charm of the original film .
Ultimately `` Vacation '' 2015 is an unknowing spoof , aping a series of - rightfully or not - beloved films without understanding at all what made them tick .
Vacation is definitely not the smartest of films and unlike the original , people will soon forget about its very existence .
The writers have decided that the more dirty words you stuff in an 8-year-old 's mouth , the funnier he becomes . Even before the family leaves Chicago , the audience longs for them to visit a bar-soap factory and feed Junior a few samples .
This road trip is n't as bad as you might have heard , but it 's not a journey I can honestly recommend taking .
Hughes instilled honesty to tickle our funny bones . Daley and Goldstein throw feces and laugh amongst themselves .
Vacation is n't a waste of your time or money , because you will laugh . You just wo n't be talking about it next week - which says something , since we 've been talking about the original Vacation for more than 30 years .
As far as Helms and Applegate , they seem to be straining with the mediocre material and the harder they work , the more forced and desperate the entire movie seems .
The set-ups are laborious and stupid and largely untenable , but the actors bring just enough emotion to the frame to make us care . Applegate is fantastic , and nothing short of inspiring as she bridges the gap between hot mama and mama bear ...
By no means a masterpiece , but it 's definitely a solid comedy effort ...
This is a movie in which the foul-mouthed Kevin says he would be ` excited ' to learn his older brother has AIDS . He also pulls a plastic bag over his brother 's head to asphyxiate him , at least twice , and threatens to shoot his brother with a gun .
Both the characters and the tone have been updated as a new generation of Grizwolds hits the road for a raucous holiday , eliminating the darker edges for a sillier , ruder romp .
As entirely unnecessary reboots go , Vacation is n't half bad ... Fart gags , it seems , are never in fashion .
A depressingly wrongheaded followup ...
This reboot makes we want to watch the earlier Vacation films again . Those I could watch multiple times . This one , I 'm happy to have seen just the once .
This summer , give your new vacation a look if you 're really looking forward to it .
Sadly , the resulting film feels every bit like the desperate cash-in it really is .
Vacation throws away any of the vestiges of family friendliness that characterised the franchise to date , and discards any warmth that we may have been able to feel for the Griswolds in the process .
Very desperate and sometimes cringingly embarrassing .
For the most part writer-directors Jonthan Goldstein and John Francis Daley seem to reckon what we will find hilariously funny is a steady stream of gross-out gags and even grosser paedophilia jokes .
Lacks the poignancy that set the first film apart . It apes the National Lampoon formula for humor but seems bereft when it comes to showing dad 's desperate love for his brood .
The writer-directors Jonathan Goldstein and John Francis Daley claim to have updated the story but little feels fresh or contemporary beyond some de rigeur crudeness .
It 's hard to imagine even Hangover fans being satisfied by such middling vulgarity .
Unless you 're watching through rose-tinted 80s glasses you should find this a worthy sequel to Chevy Chase 's original .
All in all , it 's as funny as a camping trip to Chernobyl with Charles Manson as your tent buddy .
If it 's true that we get the comedies we deserve , we must have been a considerably more deserving lot 32 years ago .
At its best , the film is very funny . At its worst , it makes you groan in dismay .
All homophobic , xenophobic , scatological grossout , with some rape and pedophilia ` jokes ' for flavor . How did this happen ?
This Vacation is no holiday for fans of the franchise .
Every joke is obvious , every joke is predictable , and strangely , every joke is repeated .
A drab , juvenile misfire .
At least the National Lampoon films were memorable , which is more than can be said for the misbegotten and instantly forgettable Vacation .
It 's similar to the recent comedy We 're the Millers , with Jason Sudeikis and Jennifer Aniston in the dad and mom roles . That had more laughs and more heart .
The picture is ramshackle , episodic and mindless . But , with a comic hit-to-miss ratio of around 2:1 , it must be accorded a success in its -LRB- admittedly unchallenging -RRB- field .
Go home , Vacation . You 're drunk .
Less a reboot , more a hit-and-miss cover-version . The cast are game , Applegate especially , but the laughs flatten like a deflated tyre .
On the film rumbles , raising a few more smiles than moments when you want to wince in discomfort or eat cyanide , but only a few .
An uncomplicated weekend film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Does n't totally disgrace the family name , but far from a comedy classic like some of its forefathers .
Vacation is good , not-always-clean fun .
It 's in very bad taste , a lot of poop jokes and politically incorrect ... but it made laugh out loud . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's not as trascendent as the clasic 1983 film , but the nostalgia factor and Chevy Chase making a cameo justify the price of admission . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A solidly funny summer comedy .
Kids of the '80s who grew up watching the original on a worn-out VHS during summer holidays will feel postmodern warm-fuzzies , but Vacation virgins should n't feel left out .
A bad copy of the original 1983 film that was n't even that good to begin with . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This version spares nothing when it comes to bawdiness and potty humour that can either hugely tickle your funny bone , or put you off , if naughty jokes do n't float your boat .
It 's not a classy comedy , but is n't as raunchy as you would think , it 's right in the middle ground . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I 'm all for bawdy , politically incorrect , wildly inappropriate humor -- when there are consistent and genuine laughs to be mined from the material .
The silly season of summer sequels and reboots turns up its most barrel-scrapingly bad offerings yet .
Sex , violence , raunchiness , hypocrisy , double standards and poop jokes will make audiences laugh -LRB- again -RRB- with this typical , generic `` road movie '' . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It might not be a complex or deep movie , but it 's good enough to make you laugh occasionally . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The filmmakers do come up with a few clever touches ... However , Vacation is so revolting that you 'll likely have checked out of the movie before then .
This lame attempt to revive the moribund Vacation franchise is simultaneously a sequel , a remake , a reboot , a makeboot , and a bootquel , but above all it 's a mean-spirited and depressing waste of time and money .
The reason this sequel no one was really asking for works is that it 's humor rests in the vein of the original - both silly and occasionally pretty messed-up .
You ca n't do much worse at the movies than Vacation .
The movie may have been 30-plus years in the remaking , but it most definitely is a trip .
... this film was only as good as any typical raunchy movie
relentlessly unfunny and boorish , dragging its patently unbelievable characters through a series of increasingly degrading scenarios that , unlike the Harold Ramis/John Hughes original , bear no resemblance to anything like real life .
So constantly and oppressively gross that it starts to feel like more of endurance test than a light comedy .
Sweep the warm and fuzzy nostalgia aside , and the '83 model and this new one are comparable , mixing R-rated laughs with a semi-sincere message about the bonds that hold a family together .
Vacation stands well alongside the other films in a series , movies that for some are perhaps better in their memories rather than in their execution .
Okay , I 'll bite . Why did they do it ?
There 's so much dead air in the film that I wondered whether punchlines had been cleaved out to secure a PG-13 rating , but no : it 's a hard , inexplicable R.
Vacation in general tries to do that thing so many 21st-century raunch-comedies do , where filmmakers try to balance the gross-outs with the idea that it 's really all about people and their emotions and their sensitivities and whatnot .
Frustratingly un-funny ... skip this forgettable trip .
This new Vacation reboot lacks the thing most crucial to the success of any given entry in the series .
It 's determined to get dirtier , darker , grosser and more all-around ickier than any ` Vacation ' before .
It 's as if Daley and Goldstein started with a list of disgusting topics - outré sex acts , human waste , pubic hair , projectile vomiting , cow cannibalism , et al. - and constructed a narrative around them .
It does n't take long to establish that `` Vacation '' prefers to lean toward crude rather than crafted humor , and it 's hard to understand why the directors choose this road , other than it 's probably an easier way to earn cheap laughs .
Occasionally funny but mostly crude , rude , and forgettable .
Helms ' Griswold is a dangerous , moronic maniac , and the filmmakers ' disdain for him rubs off on the audience .
This Vacation has no heart .
The new `` Vacation '' is a true getaway , as in you 'll want to get as far away as possible -- like , say , Pluto .
The new Vacation means well but tries too hard , and is ultimately just another pale imitation reboot .
Some trips , like the new and not-so-improved Vacation , are n't worth revisiting .
The last sound you hear before the closing credits of ` Vacation ' is that of a toilet flushing . That 's a fitting end to this unremittingly crude , frequently repulsive sequel to a fondly-remembered cable perennial .
It holds on to the original 's acrid cynicism for the first 40 minutes or so before turning predictable and bland . There are some real , nasty laughs to be had here , but they 're front-loaded .
... the most infuriating thing about rotten movies like this is how insulting they are ... Each alleged gag gets more and more imbecilic so that by the end of the film you are furious at being treated like a nincompoop .
Vacation is lazy , idiotic , and gross - and I laughed my ass off at it .
It falls to Helms to carry the movie , and he 's not quite up to it .
It 's the same haphazard collection of dumb family-embarrassment gags you could find in any comedy without the Vacation moniker .
Vacation is a movie that no one wanted so it 's hard to say that it 's a major disappointment .
Respectably funny .
Bleeping awful . Really bleeping awful .
a Gen X comedy franchise rebooted exactly how audiences can expect in 2015 , bawdier and less likable than whatever classic inspires it . The Griswolds may return but I 'm not sure I 'd follow them to Europe and Vegas , or spend Christmas at their place .
The journey 's perhaps more entertaining than the destination , as John Candy 's absence leaves a gaping hole in Walley World that the remakers have n't even tried to paper over . But this is still the best Vacation movie since the first one .
No one expects originality , but the new movie may end up making history : It 's already looking like the worst movie of the year .
The Griswold elders -LRB- Chase and Beverly D'Angelo -RRB- show up toward the end for brief cameos , but like most everyone else in the film , they barely register . With any luck , Vacation will barely register , as well .
The result is a messy mashup of hilarious sight gags and sitcom humor propelled mostly by sheer shock value .
2015 's Vacation may not launch a new series of Griswold adventures , but it 's a worthy addition to the existing franchise .
How horridly unsurprising . Another soulless comedy obsessed with poop , puke , and another p-word I 'll refrain from using -LRB- because I 'm still not sure how to pluralize it -RRB- .
The helmers actually make one pine for the relative invention of `` European Vacation '' and the PG-rated restraint of `` Vegas Vacation . '' Even Chevy Chase at his worst is more appealing than Ed Helms gargling raw sewage water .
Too often this version feels like a bunch of sketches cobbled together and united by their love of dirty punchlines .
The jokes comes out swinging , but virtually every scene is set up basically to get us with a gross-out gag that echoes the more recent -LRB- and less funny -RRB- Farrelly Brothers efforts .
While the emphasis is still on slapstick buffoonery , the original film had some wit and charm , while the updated version just strings along a series of gross-out gags that lead only to narrative dead-ends .
The new Vacation is both better than I 'd feared and not as hilarious as I 'd hoped . It 's intermittently funny and instantly forgettable .
Raucous R-rated fun ? You 'd think , but the gags smack of desperation .
Perhaps the funniest thing about this silly sequel is the shock and horror some are expressing in its wake .
Whenever Daley and Goldstein have the opportunity to make any biting observations or mount sustained original gags , they floor it in the opposite direction .
You know you 're in trouble when a movie starts off with a note scribbled indelibly on a guitar that says `` I have a vagina '' .
While there are a handful of good laughs , VACATION ca n't hold a candle to the original film and emerges as a surprisingly tone-deaf and mean-spirited comedy
Early on in this reboot , an adult Rusty Griswold declares , `` This vacation will stand on its own ! '' Sure . And station wagons can fly . Still ... a few chuckles can be found along this journey .
Much of it is crass and cringe-worthy , but even more is genuinely funny , thanks largely to a deep cast .
The only truly inspired bit of touring comes from Charlie Day as a white water rafting guide with lame banter and suicidal tendencies .
It 's taken more than 30 years for a new family of Griswolds to make an ill-fated cross-country trip to Walley World . Worth the wait ? Not really .
Most of the individual set pieces are just that -- standalone bits that ultimately do n't build up any sort of growing comedic momentum . -LRB- Full Content Review - Nudity , Sexual Content , Profanity , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
This franchise reboot ratchets up the raunch and the fun making VACATION a breath of fresh air and raucous laughs . Truly hilarious stuff with lots of comic smarts and a great cast .
A lot of good ideas go to waste in ` Vacation . '
Never losing steam even when a sporadic moment here and there does n't click , `` Vacation '' holds in reverence what has gone before while fearlessly and defiantly updating it for a 21st-century world .
A bombardment of projectile vomiting and a scene where the characters bathe in sewage - a meta moment that perfectly describes the experience of watching this movie .
There 's very little filler in these 99 minutes . For a movie built on meandering , it 's surprisingly well-oiled and smooth-running .
` Vacation ' is a devastating misfire that plays like a series of quickly jotted down sketches cobbled together in a vain attempt to make a coherent whole .
A very funny R-rated movie with a PG-13 heart .
Vacation passes the most important test of any comedy : it 's funny .
A series of belabored , poorly executed jokes that amount to a sad re-creation of a once-beloved comedy franchise .
Vacation may not be the worst comedy of the summer -- Adam Sandler was busy , after all -- but it 's a pretty lame , loud and lazy attempt to wring cash and cachet out of the dried-up husk of a movie from 30 years ago .
The kind of movie that exists because greenlighting it is easier than thinking .
You know how kids survive long car trips with earphones and DVD players ? That 's what I wished I had to help me survive this movie .
`` Vacation '' attempts to recreate the charm of the classic with actors who know how to read the lines but do n't embody the characters . And they 're forced to speak within a lazily written story that does n't add enough to justify coming back .
Lacks the wickedly funny spirit of the original `` Vacation . ''
A film seemingly designed to prove that `` really stupid '' and `` pretty funny '' are n't mutually exclusive assessments , `` Vacation '' is a hit-or-miss grab bag of gleefully moronic jokes . But it 's not as consistently , shamelessly idiotic as it should be .
-LSB- The movie -RSB- offers a deep bench of comic actors in bit and cameo roles , as is the tradition with the series . They all are upstaged by an inanimate object .
This is less a Vacation sequel than a Hangover sequel . And if you 've even seen any of the Hangover sequels , you know that is bad news indeed .
From full-frontal male nudity to an F-word laced theme song , Vacation is a cringe-inducing disappointment that bears little resemblance to the original it so desperately endeavors to pay homage to .
I must adhere to my rule that , no matter how else I feel about a comedy , it gets a passing grade if it makes me laugh -- which I did , several times .
You need only look at the tumbleweed scene or the copilot scene to see Goldstein and Daley are bringing back almost vaudevillian comedy . If their instincts veer dark or sweet , it still made me laugh out loud .
This new Vacation is hardly an improvement on the old Vacation , and may in fact be worse . Neither of them , to borrow the immortal words of the Go-Go 's , is all we ever wanted .
There 's nothing to say that crass ca n't be funny - and it sometimes is in Daley and Goldstein 's iteration - but Vacation loses any of the ooey-gooey , family-friendly heart that made you really want Clark to get to Walley World to begin with .
Goes down in flames along with the family 's Albanian minivan .
Consider a `` staycation '' instead .
One crazy , breathless , hysterical ride .
Like Chase in the original series , Helms has a knack for portraying a fundamentally decent guy striving to keep his composure when everything conspires against him .
That sound you hear is John Hughes and Harold Ramis , the writer and director of the original , rolling over in their graves . And not from laughter , which is in very short supply here .
Unlike its summer brothers-in-raunch , Ted 2 and Trainwreck , which feel the need to dip into sentiment and speechifying , Vacation is a straight up comedy .
A two-hour movie that feels a lot longer .
The Griswolds get everything wrong in a movie that gets most things right .
It 's basically just a raunchier , less funny rehash of the Harold Ramis/John Hughes classic that lacks its predecessor 's charm and heart .
`` Vacation '' is , minute to minute , one of the most repellent , mean-spirited gross-out comedies it 's ever been my squirmy displeasure to sit through .
Father does n't just know best , he 's the only one whose knowledge or lack thereof means anything at all .
The Wieners Circle of comedy : mean , cheap and probably a lot less gross when intoxicated .
If all the vulgarity and cheap shots were excised the movie would only be 30 minutes long . Filmmakers often shoot tamer versions of the same scene for TV ; `` Vacation '' must have required separate scripts .
Makes the dire ` Vegas Vacation ' look like the original ` Vacation . '
`` Vacation '' is consistently funny from beginning to end , a piling on of dumb but inventive jokes and excruciating , awkward situations .
If any of this was surprising or cleverly timed , you 'd laugh and then cringe . In `` Vacation '' you cringe first and ask questions later .
Everyone deserves a vacation . And everyone deserves a better comedy than `` Vacation . ''
The filmmakers know how to capture the spirit of the original movies without rehashing the same jokes .
It is a catalogue of victimization , a road map of pain , a desperate cry for help .
The new Vacation is n't a trip worth taking . If you thought I could have ended this review with any other sentence , I 'm not sure what you were reading .
No , it does n't quite equal that first movie , but it 's funny throughout , filled with many commendably outrageous moments .
Even worse than the original , and more pointless .
The saddest thing is that this movie is n't funny or transgressive enough to cause any tumult . Our nostalgia-industrial complex has merely swallowed up another intellectual property .
Vacation is an endless journey of foul jokes , uninspired humor and predictable material . This is a rare occasion where it 's possible to get car sick while sitting in a movie theater .
Vacation is an over-the-top , often hilarious homage to the original from the earnest and talented writing-directing team of John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein .
The filmmakers ' unsubtle style is responsible for killing many of the jokes . But they do succeed with several of the performers .
A rare reboot so foul and humorless it makes you question whatever attachment you might have to the original , this lazy retread of Harold Ramis 's 1983 Vacation sours everything that 's made that film such an undying fixture of basic cable .
All too true to the experience of taking a long family trip : there are a few special moments you 'll remember and talk about later , but for the most part , it 's a featureless , repetitive voyage that ca n't be over soon enough .
A trip to the corner store with this cast of characters would be an endurance test - which , with any luck , is as far as the movie 's box office returns will carry it .

@highlight

Borrowing a basic storyline from the film that inspired it but forgetting the charm , wit , and heart , Vacation is yet another nostalgia-driven retread that misses the mark .