For a movie so frank and explicit , Kinsey has a soft spirit ... Kinsey is a celebration of diversity ; it 's about the solace knowledge can bring .
`` Kinsey , '' like the pioneering sex researcher profiled therein , reduces its subject to a bit of a dry academic exercise .
A seriously by-the-numbers biopic ...
Great movie , but not for kids .
Liam Neeson delivers a fearless portrait of a unique individual .
Fascinating as well as entertaining ...
`` Kinsey '' is itself a sex education movie that uses historical fact and personal stories to articulate things that statistics ca n't reveal , like the uniqueness of every individual 's imagination .
I urge you to go see this film when it comes to a theater near you -- not only to enjoy a well made film , but also to send a message that there ai n't nothing wrong with a little bump and grind .
Performances are excellent , and the period look is impeccable , but Condon 's worshipful tone makes the movie an exercise in unconscious irony : an utterly conventional biography of an utterly unconventional man .
He 's a terribly flawed man but instead of soapy histrionics , Condon underlines the tragedy with outrageous humour .
The saddening thing about Kinsey is that it 's no longer as funny as it would have been just a few years ago .
Notable for encompassing a man committed in the extreme to the uninhibited , matter of fact scrutiny of sexuality , even if open and exposed like a wound .
Kinsey is a hagiographic tribute to the man who helped make possible the emerging do-whatever-you-want orthodoxy of our own times .
The shame is that the film does n't convey more mess or danger ; its sex and its politics are almost entirely dinner-table-friendly .
Liam Neeson somehow knits Kinsey 's qualities together in a likeable human pattern .
Neeson gives one of his best performances and is -- you 'll forgive the expression -- as loose as he 's ever been in a role , while Linney turns in another effortless performance .
While subjects like masturbation , homosexuality and wife swapping were taboo in Kinsey 's time , they 're everyday topics today .
Does it openly moralize for greater sexual freedom ? Surely not , but indirectly it may encourage more folks to examine their own beliefs .
Captures authentic truth by refusing to lionize its far-from-perfect subject .
Genocídio , sim ; orgasmo , não . Somos mesmo uma espécie evoluída .
`` Kinsey '' is n't the story of a moral man . It is about how one person 's morality can affect a culture of repression .
Kinsey 's interest in sex combines the psychological and mechanical , and the film strikes a balance that is neither erotic nor clinical .
La película tiene su intensidad dramática , y no le teme a los conflictos y las contradicciones del propio Kinsey -LRB- un notable Liam Neeson , lleno de matices -RRB- .
` An invigorating , revealing movie about the transformative power of ideas . '
Throws lots of stylish light on sex . But he leaves too much of Kinsey 's soul in the closet .
An incredibly moving biopic that 'll have you completely invested in the difficult life of an extraordinary man .
Liam Neeson is brilliantly cast and gives a career-best performance as Kinsey , his towering physicality setting him apart from his students and colleagues and highlighting his emotional isolation .
Condon has a real knack for making biopics breathe .
-LSB- A -RSB- funny and tender depiction of people trying to figure out the sex thing without going crazy or feeling like complete idiots .
-LSB- ... -RSB- un récit fort intéressant sur la question de la sexualité dans une société puritaine . .
A quick , satisfying two hours of watching people talk about sex , explore sex and have sex . And not just any people .
Sheer dishonesty .
Blessed with a knockout cast , writer-director Bill Condon delivers a film that rises above biopic conventions until its murky message ending .
Neeson gives a great , enigmatic performance here , an attractive mix of vacant-eyed incomprehension at the world around him and revolutionary zeal .
An excellent biopic about a man whose pragmatic nature regarding the subject of sex was simply ahead of its time .
Neeson 's portrayal of Kinsey is letter-perfect and helps us sympathize with a man who is often misunderstood and even vilified by some .
Writer-director Bill Condon has come up with a nifty ironic conception of Alfred Kinsey , his sex-researcher hero .
An extraordinary frank and honest film about a subject that most Americans do n't discuss openly .
The best film of 2004
Humane and ultimately sweet
Kinsey is successful because it allows Neeson to build a full-bodied portrait of the man , and his actions are condensed into fascinating and well-paced sequences .
This is an intelligent , lovely film , truly one of the year 's best .
... an enlightening portrayal of the controversial and passionate Dr. Alfred Kinsey .
Kinsey is an enticing and engrossing journey . Our interest and curiosity is satisfied , yet we always feel as though we have only scratched the surface .
In Kinsey , sex does n't just make the world go ` round . Sex is the world .
Neeson and Linney give beautifully vulnerable and confused performances .
a curiously detached film , particularly given the subject matter
... basks in the afterglow of all its enlightening inclinations without any sense of shame or regret .
Un muy placentero orgasmo cinematográfico .
Controversy always will be associated with the man and the film .
I do n't think you could ask more from a biopic than what Bill Condon accomplishes with Kinsey .
Liam Neeson ... brings out the one-note determination in his character without ever losing sight of the self-doubt .
The film could have been much richer had it given equal screen time to the emotive . Also , character aging problems -LRB- they do n't -RRB- . Otherwise slightly above ave.
The coldness of its main character rubs off on this earnest project as a whole .
Kinsey does n't sanctify the man , but it does suggest that had he not existed , the world would have needed to invent him .
One of few R-rated movies to show male frontal nudity , and one of even fewer to show more than a glimpse of it .
Unassumingly intoxicating in its frivolity and frankness , Kinsey arouses in more ways than one .
While `` Kinsey '' will give insight into the man to a whole new audience , director Bill Condon has not quite made him as human as he may have intended .
As both a screenwriter and a director , Condon does a first-rate job of making potentially difficult subject matter accessible without rendering it bland .
-LSB- A -RSB- serious and occasionally humorous look at how we took a giant step forward on the subject of sex .
Kinsey is one of the best movies of the year . It shows how far we have come , while the furor surrounding the movie also demonstrates how much more we need to travel .
At times , it 's like a John Waters spoof of Andy Hardy ; Kinsey remarks `` Let 's get back to masturbation ! '' while his wife asks `` Is the pot roast too dry ? ''
Way overlooked by the Oscars this year ...
Neeson 's performance is earnest , dogged , vivid , vital .
It 's delightfully playful for a serious movie , balancing glib wit against its pathos and controversy .
The movie is a lot like its central character : precise , clinical , probing and often terribly amusing in its full-steam-ahead approach to topics that make most of us blush . But it 's an emotionally cool experience .
Playing such a conflicted character is n't easy , but Neeson is up to it . And his convincing performance ensures that the film is watchable even when its main character is unlikable .
Neeson gives a brilliant performance , tightly wound but always genial , as if bursting with the good news of scientific liberation .
Emerges not only as a movie about another time but as a movie of our time , a reminder that progress can be made only when someone 's willing to step up to the plate .
If you 're tough enough to attend , however , be sure to stick around for the frisky closing credits . They 're animals , I tell you .
Neeson , who was nominated for a best-actor Oscar for Schindler 's List -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , makes a formidable push for a second tuxedo rental .
Condon 's screenplay is streamlined and literate , balancing the depictions of Kinsey 's personal life with his academic work .
Bound by a conventional framework , the result is admirable if unexciting .
Features brave and memorable performances by Liam Neeson and Laura Linney
In a year where cinema played a crucial role in the Culture War , Kinsey is the only film to dig at the roots of both sides . Best film of the year . Without a doubt .
By-the-numbers biopic ... is oft-times funny and sometimes sad but , on the whole , is rather dull , making sex about as exciting as flipping through an anatomy textbook .
Kinsey is n't just about the man , it 's a movie about sex , the only thing more controversial than movies about beating Jesus .
This film is absolutely a must-see for anyone rankling at the puritanical trends resurfacing in the US lately .
It overstates its subject 's importance just a bit , but it also covers an impressive number of sides to the story , making the doctor a human being and not just a sex object .
Covers too much and says too little .
Controversy aside , there 's no denying that Kinsey was a pivotal figure in 20th-century America , and one whose fascinating story makes for a fascinating film .
The great thing about Kinsey is the triumphant way it entertains , informs and electrifies us with the highest values of traditional cinema while opening our hearts and minds with the liberating potential of human diversity .
The biopic succumbs to a paint-by-numbers feel as it dutifully touches the highs and lows of a life that ca n't easily fit within two hours .
Condon and director of photography Frederick Elmes create a clinical atmosphere that sets the stage for frank discussion and reflects Kinsey 's scientific approach to sex .
Condon throws in enough clever narrative devices to break up the routine , and the central characters , especially Kinsey , are well-drawn .
Condon may favor one side of the debate over the other , but not at the expense of presenting enough information for people to make up their own minds .
The remarkable Liam Neeson does an affectingly self-effacing turn in the title role .
Smart , eloquent and refreshingly free of condescension , Kinsey makes clear we 'd all be a lot worse off without him .
One heck of a flick , paying homage to an imperfect man whose impact on history may be substantial , and yet painting him as a clumsy , passionate fellow who 's simply trying to figure things out .
I ca n't imagine the performances , or much else , being improved on .
It 's partly a scientific brief , partly a song of sex , and it 's enormously enjoyable .
Neeson essays a brave and often endearing portrait of Kinsey as an occasionally absent-minded and at times almost dangerously obsessed prof.
It 's a new Neeson as Dr. Alfred Kinsey , all spiky-haired and harried , and he 's enormously appealing in the role .
-LSB- Neeson -RSB- makes the movie better than it is by filling in the rough patches with a portrayal so committed , so nuanced , that this may be the role he 's remembered for -LRB- and which may finally win him an Oscar -RRB- .
Succeeds , in part , because the film is as non-judgmental as the famed sex researcher himself .
Liam Neeson 's outstanding performance here , warm , charismatic and smart , is well supported by the other actors .
A fascinating slice of social history and an unsettling look at our indomitable sexual natures .
A candid and beautifully crafted film .
Neeson and Linney are absolutely marvelous , and the entire supporting cast credible and terrific . Look for Oscar nominations throughout . *
A riveting portrayal of a pioneer who quickly became a political and social target for opening up a hitherto unresearched area of human life .
There is a lot of lecturing going on , a necessity mitigated by the sublime Neeson , who can come off as both geek and lion in the same scene .
Intelligent , probing portrait of the man who stuck a needed thumb into the eye of a narrow-minded public .
Provocative and intelligent biographical film .
It 's a love letter from a director to a ghost who still hovers over us all .
How strange this moment would seem to Kinsey , whose dedication to science - as a lifelong pursuit , and mode of feeling -- led him to reject so-called `` moral '' judgments .
There 's a flatness to the filmmaking ; what 's needed here is a lot more va-va in its va-va-voom .
A convincing picture of an America semiconsciously cowered in fear and ignorance about sexuality .
The humour is rich but never bawdy .
It 's the biography of a sex pioneer disguised as a love story , or a romance with some rather intriguing side issues , and it begins with one of cinema 's more intriguing pickup lines : ` I 've been reading up on gall wasps . '
It 's a film Kinsey himself might have appreciated : It 's sober , never flashy or exciting but always engrossing , both for its penetration into Kinsey 's psychology and for the effects his findings are shown to have on the world and the people around him .
The movie has the crackle of important changes at work , though it tends to slap and tickle its themes .
Condon 's understated directing , and thoughtful , funny script are worthy of mention at Oscar nomination time .
Straight from the first frames , writer-director Bill Condon adroitly tackles the problem that all biopics about accomplished people invariably bump up against : How to marry the life to the work , dramatizing one without slighting the other ?
Not only does Kinsey flow with the purpose of biographical narrative , it provides a compelling portrait of a momentous shift in American culture .
Condon presents Kinsey 's life in an upbeat fashion that 's unafraid of the language of the conventional biopic . The subject is unconventional enough to eliminate any need for stylistic embellishment .
While the movie does cover the basic who , what , where and when of Alfred Kinsey 's 62 years on Earth , its true focus is on his work .
The strength of Kinsey is finally in the clarity it brings to its title character . It is fascinating to meet a complete original , a person of intelligence and extremes .
Condon sketches in the sexually benighted pre-World War II era with amusing and alarming touches .
Everything about Kinsey is first-class , especially the performances , yet the film can not be honest with itself .
In a sense , Neeson 's performance is not as grand as many biopics allow or require , because the actor is generous enough to share his spotlight with others .
The pacing is n't perfect , but the performances of the three main characters are . It 's like 2 hours of entertaining foreplay that does n't quite give you a satisfying climax .
`` Kinsey '' is a well-paced film whose subject matter is , at least , academically interesting .
Writer/director Bill Condon wisely equals the focus on both the man and his focus rather than package a greatest hits collection .
As Kinsey , the remarkable new film about his life , clearly reveals , there was more to the biologist in the bow tie than met the eye .
Neeson , in soft , subtle ways , draws out his character 's humanity -- and shows the passion that drove the man .
Another sanitized bio of a flawed man .
Whether you see the man as a serpent bearing fruit or a beacon in the wilderness , it 's hard to deny that Kinsey is a highly intelligent and thoroughly engaging film .
A compassionate , moving and witty film .
Neeson pulls off something of a miracle here , creating a flesh-and-blood character who is innocent and obsessive , decent and selfish , committed to expanding the boundaries of knowledge but sadly lacking emotional wisdom .
A moving and often very funny look at an unlikely revolutionary .
It might go for the conventional at times , but most of the movie is full of fascinating insights and entertaining to boot .
When it comes to Kinsey the man , as well as ` Kinsey , ' the shorthand for his research , the name still has the power to arouse .
Tedious and ` respectable . ' Condon never rolls up his sleeves and gets -LRB- for lack of a better word -RRB- dirty . You 'd think he was making a film about gall wasps .
A smooth , elegant docudrama...well-groomed , handsomely mounted and adroitly laid out , ... but ultimately -- like its subject -- a trifle schoolmasterish .
Occasionally melodramatic but extremely well-made .
Kinsey 's many contradictions and awkward personality get full attention from Condon 's clever treatment and Liam Neeson 's best screen performance in years .
` Kinsey ' presents a fascinating look at a man few people today know about , but it 's not for everyone .
You got ta hand it to writer-director Bill Condon . It takes something special to have such fine actors , a subject matter that is purely sex , and make them this boring .
The chemistry of love mixed with the science of sex that equals cinematic success .
`` Kinsey '' seem like a generic film , which is a hard trick considering the subject matter : sex .
Instead of approaching the radical and groundbreaking scientist with an equally innovative spirit , Condon 's film opts for the generic trademarks of biopic melodrama .
Kinsey is ambitious , providing enough details to suggest how complex Kinsey was , as a public and private persona , but it 's not entirely satisfying as a biopic .
Needless to say , the world is changed in ways we 're still trying to figure out ... . and where does love fit into all this ? You 'll have to see the film to find out .
Condon would like the audience to identify with his protagonist , despite his flaws , but he might have elicited greater empathy by focusing more on his subject than his subject 's message .
You do n't need to know much about the real Kinsey to sense that the one we 're getting here is both more palatable and less interesting than the real thing .
Condon deserves credit for shaking up the usual biopic formula , modeling his narrative structure after Kinsey 's famous sex interviews with the scientist himself -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- answering questions about his own sexual history .
Condon once again proves himself to be a consummate ringmaster of thought provoking material , clever casting and spectacular performances by atypical leading men .
A $ 10-million movie that looks like it was made by Hollywood 's biggest spendthrift , Kinsey is full of delicately wrought moments .
Though it 's perhaps the least salacious major movie ever made about sex , the biopic Kinsey is hardly clinical -- it 's as purely entertaining as it is thought-provoking and timely .
Kinsey is not easy to like as a person , but Condon has done such a good job of filling in the doctor 's psychological backstory that we understand his single-minded determination to suss out every last detail of human sexuality .
Whatever you might think about Kinsey 's research methods and findings , Kinsey succeeds marvelously in its depiction of how his pioneering work sent shock waves into 1950s America .
This is a delightful trip back to a simpler -- and certainly more uptight -- time . You decide how much we 're better off for it .
Kinsey does its subjects -- human , biological and psychological -- justice .
Kinsey is a rare film , in the best possible sense .
Condon always finds a way to seamlessly marry the crux of his story to the strengths of his medium .
Reminder of how human sexuality can not be fully controlled -LSB- as well -RSB- as a thoughtful depiction of Kinsey 's work .
Wisely , Condon never condemns nor endorses Kinsey 's viewpoint .
Biopic about the pioneering researcher captures the world he lived in -- and the world -- in a great film about sex and consequence .
For audiences , fidgeting in their seats or giggling nervously , it might just ... make them a little more comfortable in their skins .
Slightly better than typical year-end mush we 're used to seeing in theatres .
Neeson lets us see what made Kinsey tick
For all its claims of delving into the messiness of human sexuality , Kinsey somehow manages to keep its hands clean .
Kinsey contains a treasure trove of thought-provoking material on love , sex , science , ethics , and the crowning touch of creation : diversity .
` There is no ocean of greater magnitude than the sexual function , ' Kinsey wrote in the introduction to his second book , and the guidance he provided to help navigate that sea made for a notable life and a significant film .
Although the strength of Kinsey is the subject matter , it would be criminal not to note the fine performances of Liam Neeson and Laura Linney , who imbue their characters with humanity and likeability .
What makes ` Kinsey ' brilliantly subversive is the injection of a...warts-and-all , nonjudgmental viewpoint ... into the format of the ... adulatory encomiums of another era .
Though it has its share of carnality , Bill Condon 's wise and witty biography of the sex researcher Alfred C. Kinsey is , above all , an intellectual turn-on .
` Forget Ray ; Kinsey is the year 's best biodrama ! ''
Kinsey is a stupendously moving film . Neeson nails Kinsey 's rock-hard decency and fragile ego , and Linney abets him beautifully .
Admirably adventurous .
The camera is poignantly turned on Kinsey himself , to probe what transformed him from a repressed nerd into the sexual radical he became .
The movie 's style is fairly staid , but it 's hard to imagine how Neeson could be better , and the subject is handled with taste and tact .
In a post-November 2nd world , Kinsey is just what we need .
A fine , scintillating portrait of a trailblazer whose clear-headed approach to sex and its study can still shock in these supposedly more liberated times
A splendidly styled biopic .
Opening too late for the election but still one the year 's most politically relevant movies , Condon 's earnestly middlebrow biopic is an argument for tolerance and diversity .
Beautifully directed from a very clever script , this film courts controversy as it echoes Kinsey 's own refusal to moralise .
Kinsey wanted to snap the public out of sexual ignorance . And Condon 's knockout of a movie tries to do the same . You 'll be shocked at how far we have n't come .
An interesting life story told in a fun , disarming way .
This biopic should make the case that Kinsey 's enlightening study helped rescue us from misconception , suppressed guilt and false connections between behavior and consequence .
Opens the conversation again on the infinite varieties of human sexuality .
Boasts exceptional lead performances -LRB- by a never-better Liam Neeson and Laura Linney -RRB- and lovely writing by Condon .
Condon sheds some light on a fascinating and underappreciated man while also delivering a pretty damn entertaining motion picture at the same time .













@highlight

A biopic of the sex researcher is hailed as adventurous , clever , and subversive , with fine performances by Liam Neeson and Laura Linney .