It 's a pro-environmental apocalyptic shocker that works as a thinking man 's ghost story pic .
An eco-supernatural dreamscape companion piece to Al Gore 's cautionary doc , An Incovenient Truth , and a thinking man 's figurative and literal sub-Arctic chiller with a turbulent character-driven indie soul .
As such terror is harder and harder to articulate , the film is most effective when it abandons dialogue and leaves the camera to do its very spooky work .
Last Winter does make good on its intriguing premise . And after a dandy beginning and a so-so middle , it delivers a knockout ending .
Fessenden , who directed , produced , cowrote , edited and even has a part in the film rightly values mood at least as much as he does delivering more abominable snow monsters .
The problem is that the ghostly culprit , some sort of nature spirit , is n't nearly as terrifying as the arguments that Pollack makes , or the fact that the ice in such places really is weakening .
Die-hard greenies may find this as unsettling as it 's meant to be . For everyone else , it 's closer to an atmospheric act of recycling .
The film is n't very interesting because it is n't well made .
The Last Winter 's heart is in the right place , but it is n't pumping any blood .
It works eerily well .
Sure , global warming is scary , but chances are even Al Gore would be baffled by Larry Fessenden 's moody , Arctic-set ` eco-thriller . '
This message hangs over the entire film ... but Fessenden still manages to craft an intense and effective thriller .
Come for the eerie unworldly menace , but stay for the well-balanced currents of terror that manages to sustain itself throughout the film .
It 's the imaginative background , and Fessenden 's talent at insinuating it into the action , that counts -- and unnerves -- in this most chilling of global-warming movies .
A well done low budget indie production that lets the viewers ' imagination picture how bad it gets when mother earth is finally pushed past the breaking point
A horror movie about the consequences of global warming . Set in the Alaskan Wildlife Natural Reserve , the oil company is far scarier than the monsters that attack the movie 's main characters .
Fessenden 's best film to date is a horror movie built on eerie atmosphere and unspoken terror . Director of photography Magni Agustsson achieves beautiful visual textures and distances that allow hidden meanings to saturate the audience .
A richly drawn , ambitious character piece both socially relevant and genuinely suspenseful ... This is filmmaking both gorgeous and deeply unsettling .
In the end , the scariest thing about The Last Winter is how few of its ideas seem truly fantastic or implausible .
Even if this is no red-blooded shocker , its unsettling mood lingers long past the final fade-out , hinting at all sorts of retribution just lying in wait for polluters .
Larry Fessenden has fashioned a different kind of horror movie here , one that moves at glacial speed , offers few scares and provides the viewer virtually no satisfaction .
Consistently chilling -LRB- no , that 's not a pun -RRB- , with crisp , haunting visuals and sound character relationships .
Fessenden ca n't get a rhythm going in this film to build to his big conclusion , he renders it silly .
-LSB- It -RSB- accomplishes with a modest budget and a talented cast what bigger , slicker , gorier contemporary horror movies rarely do . It taps into a collective dread compounded by the guilt of our complicity .
Gruesome things happen in The Last Winter , but there 's no gratuitous gore or torture , and the film 's real power comes from its building sense that something really , really bad is about to happen .
Call it the first green horror picture , punctuated by ample doses of red . Oh , and it 's also scary as f--k .
The acting 's good , the camera work is haunting and -LSB- director -RSB- Fessenden continues to build his image as the thinking person 's creepmeister .
The film deserves attention , not just because of its important global warming message but as a genre piece done a little more intelligently .
It features a supernatural threat , but it does n't need one , because the film works so brilliantly as simply a psychological mood piece .
Ues conventional chills to create a surging diatribe on humanityâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s willingness to let nature fall into disarray .
Something wicked this way comes in the nifty horror film The Last Winter , crawling through the hallways and howling into the dread night .
... the film should please Fessenden 's loyal followers and win him new ones .
Fessenden consistently ignores contemporary trends in fright films ; his brand of horror unfolds at the intersection of myth and modern-day malaise and gets there by way of a slow , excruciating build up rather than a series of short , sharp shocks .
Fessenden 's best film and a huge turning point for him as a filmmaker , promising even stronger work to come .
takes a smart and terrifying scenario and plays it out to the logical extreme
Sparse special effects are pretty hokey , and the plot is nothing new , rehashing as it does scores of sci-fi-slash-horror films over many years .
Has a look and feel all its own , but Fessenden 's ambition ultimately butts heads with his budget .
The Last Winter was shot in northern Iceland and Alaska , and despite some too-explicit imagery in the final moments , the claustrophobia-to-psychosis continuum is harrowingly fluid .
This is Fessenden 's most impressive production to date with its swooping camerawork , majestic landscape and mounting sense of doom ... The Thing meets An Inconvenient Truth .
What with his interest in using B movies as vehicles for intelligent political and psychological inquiries , Larry Fessenden is the type of genre craftsman easy to champion .
Impatient horror viewers looking for a quick gore fix will be disappointed and those looking for a smart cautionary sci-fi eco thriller will be baffled at what is a bit of a wasted opportunity ...
... a talky indie that suddenly turns into a slasher flick where the killer is in fact the invisible hand of Mother Nature
It is sad , however , to see that such a unique spin on the monster film genre was so poorly executed .
... sporadically intriguing but mostly dull .
An imperfect but compelling thriller .
An elegiac piece of filmmaking that transcends cheap thrills
Idiosyncratic horror film mixes science and the supernatural .




@highlight

The Last Winter creatively and effectively uses horror tactics -- fear , tension , anticipation , and just enough gore -- to shock , but never repulse , its audience .