I never saw it as the black comedy Kim -LSB- Ki-duh -RSB- may have intended , but it 's unlikely you 've ever seen anything exactly like it .
An outrageous Oedipal psychodrama that rubs and chafes against Buddhist parable , it also chooses , without a single line of dialogue , to show rather than tell its jaw-droppingly transgressive acts with Chaplin-esque distance .
The clever twists in the story are captivating enough to compensate for the disgusting nature of the acts on-screen .
-LSB- Kim Ki-duk -RSB- peppers his film 's nastiness with baroque humour .
A formalist slice of perversity that never coheres into anything more meaningful than a willful piece of cinematic provocation .
-LSB- Moebius -RSB- would be easy to dismiss if Kim were n't so sincere and sober in pursuit of his Oedipal and other emotional concerns .
Even by Kim 's extreme standards , Moebius maintains such a pitbull hold on its straight-world targets that it enters a shadowy realm of post-subversion .
Moebius marks another feature to come from an innovative director who manages to live up to expectation , and yet at the same time , he never fails to compel and surprise .
So let the viewer beware : Moebius ' rubbernecking appeal is hard to resist , but you run the risk of winding up feeling like a mouse caught in the hypnotic snare of a snake 's unblinking gaze .
It 's one from the heart , and a twisted tale it is .
Such is Kim 's plotty momentum that the whole thing feels like an extreme joke made of pained silences , one that somehow strips bare the subtext of overbearing parents .
When it comes down to it , this a movie where the only major female characters are intentionally interchangeable and exist only to castrate men .
A kind of silent opera in which the actors ' precise facial emoting and a muscular editing rhythm create a melodrama by turns horrific and hilarious .
There 's mischievous humour here - and , oddly , grace , right up to the enigmatic Buddhist sign-off .
Moebius gains full marks in the `` hard-to-stomach '' category for bonkers Korean auteur Kim Ki Duk .
A dark and thoroughly depraved odyssey of sexual desire that strongly plays to Kim 's preoccupation towards unusual , psychosexually informed chamber pieces .
Even Oedipus would be left scratching his head by this bonkers but drily funny tale of one family 's forlorn search for normality .
It 's certainly not for everyone -- basically , the embodiment of `` art house cinema '' -- but those into the dark , the quirky and the risqué should find plenty to appreciate .
Moebius is almost weird enough to be a creation myth , and that 's no small accomplishment .
Feels dashed-off , but at least there 's a boldness at play .
Outrageous silent castration comedy on the surface , Oedipal psychodrama underneath , and Buddhist parable throughout .
As an exercise in unrelenting discomfort , it 's hard to beat this monstrous experiment from Korean provocateur Kim Ki-duk .
Among the blood , sweat and -LRB- ahem -RRB- salty tears are musings on desire , family and emasculation , but this is Kim at his most mischievous , the laughs drowning all .
Kim uses provocation through extreme imagery to satirical ends . He wants you to squirm , be uncomfortable , and even laugh at the insanity of what 's happening on the screen .
Kim delivers a deliriously lucid film that plays with human drama the way children burn ants with magnifying glasses .
You may find an infectious artsiness in its decision to not have any spoken dialogue .
Tears through taboos like the Kool-Aid Man through tissue paper , and sticks itself in your mind like a difficult thorn .
Whatever your tolerance for crazy Korean castration comedy , Moebius is an impressive formal achievement .
`` Moebius '' makes its freakish images so credible it demands the silent treatment , since its vulgar ingredients practically defy verbal limitations .
Kim 's in complete tonal control , and it 's quickly clear that he intends Moebius as a sick , over-the-top comedy of the sort generally produced in America by Troma .
Profoundly difficult to stomach .
Ultimately , if taken seriously , this is a cautionary tale about crimes coming back to haunt and punish the ones that committed them .
What undermines Moebius is how Kim has let high concepts and philosophical subtexts run amok without anchoring them to a substantial narrative .
Kim Ki-duk 's latest is a gloriously off-the-charts study in perversity .
Moebius is sordid , yet-need I say it ? - never dull .
Kim treats his bloody and provocative taboo breaking with a much lighter touch this time around , and the result , while still deeply flawed , is mostly a sly dark comedy that doubles as a very impressive display of wordless storytelling .
While it feels odd at first , the film 's wordlessness fits its premise perfectly . There is a primal nastiness going on here that language would somehow dilute .

@highlight

Dark , depraved , and unforgettably sordid , Moebius leavens its perversity with originality and with .