... PLEASE , believe me when I say that Mirror Mirror is not worth your time and certainly not your money .
Mirror , Mirror wo n't change your life , but it 's a fun homage to a timeless classic that lets you escape into a fairy tale world , that actually does n't seem to far away from here .
-LSB- Mirror Mirror -RSB- is n't so much a re-working of the Snow White fairy tale as it is an unwitting peek into the maw of the beast that purports to entertain us .
Credit director Tarsem Singh with the flickers of originality you 'll find .
You can only disappoint your fans so often before they turn and run in droves . Just ask Roberts ' close friend , Mel Gibson .
Mirror Mirror features over-indulgent story moments and , at times , hammy performances but still delivers a mostly fun riff on the Snow White story .
While it may not be as memorable as his other good projects , Singh has delivered a film that should delight audiences of all ages because of the timelessness of the story and the spin the writers have put on it .
Mirror Mirror is an aesthetically fantastical yet ultimately tedious film that may occasionally please the tots in the audience . However , it will leave adults far less enchanted .
The tone is campy and fun , although Roberts is better with the lighthearted dark comedy side of her role . Still , the script is light and witty , poking a lot of fun at itself and the visual artistry is absolutely gorgeous to look at .
Mirror Mirror is not a travesty . It 's missing something though . The whole film plays like a Muppet movie with the actual Muppets cut out .
The ill fit between Mirror Mirror 's screenplay and its director 's sensibilities dooms the comedic fairy tale from the outset .
It 's never clear what `` Mirror Mirror '' is saying about the Snow White legend , or about fairy tales in general . It feels like a narrative without a story .
The Queen sees herself in the magic mirror which is a nice twist . But it 's a slightly altered version of herself . The movie is like that , too - just a little bit off while trying hard to be `` on '' :
A sweet and endearing take on the Snow White story buoyed by solid performances with one exception : Julia Roberts .
a lush and ravishing rethinking of the Snow White story with both an old-fashioned feel and a modern sensibility
This film was a relief to watch after Singh 's bungled action spectacle last year , and while it is n't as good as The Fall , it does at least get him back on track .
An odd , but beautiful , interpretation of `` Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs , '' `` Mirror Mirror '' will leave some viewers enchanted and others scratching their heads .
For the extraordinarily gifted Tarsem , Mirror Mirror is a mere lark , but it 's still everything Shrek wanted to be , and more .
... a passable bit of kid-friendly entertainment .
There are exactly seven reasons to tolerate the beautiful artifice on display , but those are-ahem-little reasons , to be sure .
... surprisingly sweet and charming ...
Sometimes it 's funny , sometimes it 's not so funny , and sometimes it 's excruciatingly un-funny .
All production design , no wit
The movie 's greatest flaw may be its passive-aggressive approach to the Grimm brothers ' tale . Timidity does n't suit reinvention . But endings being so important , the movie finally puts the pieces together for an entertaining finale .
Tarsem directs as confidently as ever , and while the movie is n't quite the magical ride it potentially could have been to say I left the theatre feeling fairly happily ever after would n't be too far off the mark .
Charming , funny and beautifully designed , this is a hugely enjoyable fairy tale comedy with a witty script and terrific performances from all three leads .
It 's entirely fair to say that a huge part of the `` point '' lies in creating a physically plausible version of an illustrated storybook . A + all around on that count .
You 'll laugh intermittently , but more often , you 'll notice where you 're supposed to be laughing and are n't .
What 's surprising is just how clearly Singh has left his fingerprints all over the film .
Such light comedy is right in the Julia Roberts wheelhouse , and she clearly relishes the chance to flex her proven timing while inhabiting a villainous character .
The sets and especially the costumes delight the eye , even if the action they are meant to support is rather static ...
The sets and special effects are unremarkable , and no honest mirror would tell Julia Roberts that Lily Collins was fairer than her .
The tweens should enjoy it , and it looks beautiful for sure , but Mirror Mirror does n't quite have the depth or humour to fill its 106-minute duration .
A magical muddle minus any real mirrored mystery ... makes sure we all know Roberts is the fairest -LRB- and unfunniest -RRB- of them all ...
This umpteenth reiteration of the fairy tale has held fast to its most tiresome aspects : Snow White 's dull sweetness and the evil Queen 's one-track motivation .
This grim offering is n't just terribly unfunny and mean spirited , it 's also very boring .
Singh 's visuals are - as always - impressive and thanks to a better script this is a far more enjoyable experience than his recent Immortals .
Mirror Mirror is an effervescent and occasionally uproarious romp , which references the familiar elements including an enchanted looking glass and a poisoned apple .
Singh 's main fault is identical to the wicked queen 's : he ca n't see the point of anything beyond prettification .
This retelling of the famous Grimm fairy tale tries too hard to be funny .
Weighed down by a script that relies heavily on Shrek-like modern snarkiness in period garb for its laughs , but without any Shrek-like jokes .
No surprises here , just a fun and funny piece of PG eye candy .
It 's inconsequential , campy fun but a sharper and funnier script would have made it more memorable and entertaining .
With the ludicrous Bollywood-style finale having nothing to do with the rest of the movie , you do wonder if Singh has dared to look at his own face in the mirror since he put the film to bed .
Mirror Mirror treads a difficult line between childish innocence and more seasoned humour but it just about pulls it off , chugging along at a decent pace throughout with an admirable sense of its own silliness .
May not be the fairest of them all but it is still pretty good .
Singh , famous for directing music videos and creating striking and glitzy shots , is not particularly good at moving the tale forward .
` Mirror Mirror ' is as gaudily spectacular as you expect if you 've seen director Tarsem Singh 's films , ` The Fall ' and ` Immortals ' .
Singh indulges his unwholesome weirdness with a kind of innocence , but only in the closing Bollywood number does his folly take flight .
To borrow a line Roberts spits at Collins , there 's something about Mirror that 's incredibly irritating .
Cheeky version of the Brothers Grimm .
A romantic panto-style romp through goody-gum drops land , full of the best natured fun you 'll find on the big screen , and with an inspired performance from Julia Roberts .
The film sleepwalks along confidently enough in its numb , semi-unfunny , semi-unserious way . But the tale 's passion and subversion have been removed .
The children in the audience seemed to enjoy it and as they seem to be the intended audience then on that level at least it succeeded .
Lily Collins ' Snow White is a doltish drip , . . While the often incoherent filmmaker has always favored style over content in the past , he was never this insipid .
Bonkers but bloody good fun , especially if you 're under the age of 10 .
Superlative performances from Roberts and Hammer almost cover the shortcomings . Like most Tarsem films it 's a muddle , but this time not one with enough distracting dazzle .
So desperate to play it safe that it actually becomes drab .
A colourful and sophisticated spin on a well-known tale , recommended for children of all ages .
Younger children might enjoy Mirror Mirror because it 's bright , shiny and pretty .
I do n't think you 'll feel ` happily ever after ' when the film ends , but you 'll be pleased enough by its magic .
Far below par for a Tarsem picture , if seen solely on the basis of the family film Mirror Mirror wants so badly to be ; the very youngest viewers will be sufficiently entertained by the dwarves ' hijinks and silly , slapstick humour .
` Mirror , Mirror ' is a trippy version of the Snow White story .
... an entertaining and creative retelling of an old fairy tale that should entertain children and adults alike .
This dull trifle forced me to co-opt the names Sleepy and Grumpy for the duration of its running time .
Uneven , subversively flamboyant , tediously tweaking the ` Once Upon a Time ' concept
` Who 's the fairest of them all , ' is a cruel question to pose to a Hollywood beauty in her forties facing competition from ever-younger starlets , but Julia Roberts gamely takes it on the chin in this tongue-in-cheek reinvention of the classic fairy tale
Mirror Mirror is a film that 's all picture and no propulsion , each scene static in a basic set-decoration color scheme of teabag and banana .
Older children will enjoy the laughs , and adults will like the visuals , acting and creative parody .
-LSB- The -RSB- screenplay seems more like a clever first draft than well-developed property , but the cast is charming and energetic , and Singh knows how to martial the forces of art direction to create stunningly inventive images .
The only ones who get the comedy are Nathan Lane and the dwarves .
the cinematic equivalent of Jessica Simpson - pretty to look at but vacuous in nature and thought
Watching this , I kept thinking all the elements are here , `` Why am I not liking it ? '' The answer is simple Singh crafted a fairy tale world that no one wants to be in .
There 's no point of view or narrative purpose to the changes in the story , just a lot of feeble jokes and wan self-referential jabs .
The actors are all at sea , especially the miscast Roberts , whose arch manner never suggests even a pantomime version of evil . Conversely , Lily Collins makes an overly knowing Snow White , smirking demurely as if she 'd just stepped off the Gossip Girl set .
I enjoyed the modernisation of the two characters . Roberts 's wisecracking Queen , and Collins 's fighting princess . Tarsem Singh brings a choice splash of Bollywood to the closing spectacle . Not bad at all , for a family outing .
The best thing about Mirror Mirror is a Bolly-wood dance number seen over the final credits ... better than the movie that precedes it .
Mirror Mirror is a lighthearted , family-friendly treatment of the Brothers Grimm fairy tale that does n't stray too far from previous versions .
The costumes and design are gorgeous enough to distract us from the wildly erratic tone -- some of the time .
Here , the familiar tale is retold with concessions to feminist self-determination and camp humor , bending the Grimm Brothers ' tale without infringing on its basic beauty .
Singh is much more skilled as a visual artist than a storyteller , and his artistic fortunes seem to rise and fall with the inspiration of his screenwriters . In this case he 's lucked out .
The screenplay by Marc Klein and Jason Keller woefully underutilizes the talents gathered here .
I knew 10 minutes into this dismal movie it would be a long night .
A cartoonish , nonsensical mishmash that falls somewhere between a Saturday morning cartoon and the Three Stooges .
What 's the last movie you saw that created an imaginary world bursting with color and beauty and inspiration ? A world that reminded you of the feeling you had as a child the first time you saw Dorothy open that door on the Technicolor world of Oz ?
This is the most fun Julia Roberts has been since she won the Oscar - and other awards - for Erin Brockovich in 2000 . If only the rest of the cast had as much fun .
Little fun for the entire family .
Mirror Mirror 's heightened realism imbues it with the power to pull off anything - and the movie never skimps on the anything .
Whatever Tarsem Singh 's sins as a filmmaker may be in the yes of some , he seems constitutionally incapable of making a film that is boring to look at .
-LSB- A -RSB- big basket of nutty ... There are giant dwarves here , and sexy funny flirty swordfighting , and sweet forlorn heartache , and -- if you stay through the credits -- a Bollywood dance number .
Just like the Queen , while `` Mirror Mirror '' looks good on the outside ... it 's rotting from within . We are far from enchanted ...
Mirror , Mirror has neither the satiric wit of The Princess Bride nor the campy cuteness of Ella Enchanted , but it has its moments .
Who wants to see a fairy tale that weighs a ton ? Mirror Mirror reflects badly on everyone involved .
Mirror Mirror is an odd little fantasia of a movie -- part jaunty adventure , part broad romantic comedy , part auteurist spectacle .
Best to approach Mirror Mirror like a waking dream . The story does n't make much sense , but the visual cues meld into one another with the finesse of a painter blending his colors .
Visually appealing fairy tale lacks oomph but fine for kids .
By toning down his excesses for a mass audience of largely children , the self-billed Tarsem hits his sweet spot , serving up lavish sets and costumes to create a fantasy world that does n't make us want to scratch our eyeballs out .
Although the production design and costumes are terrific , this intended to be humorous retelling of the classic fairy tale is more tedious than funny .
A project that is big on spectacle but short on both laughs and thrills .
This rambling version of Snow White 's tale is a pretty , spun-sugar confection , airy as a plate of Easter egg-coloured macarons and similarly devoid of substance .
The cast is very game . Hammer and Roberts have the right attitude , and Collins makes a pretty Snow White .
The dwarves provide wonderful fun , Singh 's visuals have true magic and Alan Menken 's score is charming .
The film is a delight ... and it does n't need to be anything else .
You fidget and squirm , watching with absolute disinterest that morphs into total disgust . I ca n't remember the last time I felt so detached from a movie .
It 's all a mess , and not very fun . This is one movie that did n't cast a spell on me at all . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Julia Roberts ' archly evil queen remains as jaw-droppingly dull as her costumes are jaw-droppingly gaudy . Watching her , we can only wonder what Glenn Close or Meryl Streep might have done in this role 15 years ago .
This is a film in which bee-stung lips are achieved with real bees ' stings and puppy love can make a man behave like an actual puppy . Truly , it 's the stuff of fairy tales .
This sometimes manic and very straightforward film wo n't be for everyone , but it does have a surprisingly broad appeal .
While it 's too uneven and corny to be a classic , it 's still a lot of fun .
Part of Mirror 's problem is that the screenplay , credited to two writers and with a third getting a story credit , is all over the place .
The real surprise , however , is the sly self-referential tone that never takes itself too seriously , leaving the viewer capable of laughing at the lovely ludicrousness of it all .
It 's just that with no real stakes and no sense that any of this has any real weight , it 's hard for me to invest .
-LSB- Tarsem Singh is -RSB- a visual stylist who refuses to focus on anything except how to make his screen universe look extra cool .
A light-hearted take on the fairytale material with a few slight adjustments . Might keep kids entertained but adults might be praying for the tainted apple .
The magical back-story makes absolutely no sense . Why does Julia keep flitting back to a wicker-covered island on a vacant lake ? What is the mirror 's hidden agenda ?
All we get are scattered bits of cleverness , some hit and some miss .
Not the fairest of them all .
When the dust settles , all that 's left are a few motes of lame comedy atop a few million bucks worth of overdressed sets . Call me Grumpy , but this seems less an adaptation than a random assault .
An energetic and amusing family film with just the right balance of the wild , the wicked and the happily-ever-after .
Loved it !
Everything looks , well , fantastic .
The screenwriters of this attempt to do a hip comedic take on the legend were licked by Page 5 . Why did they keep going ?
As Snow White , actress Lily Collins is a washout .
An attitude of mischief and charm rather than outright satire .
... a PG rated fluffy family film with magic , royalty , a silly social message and happy ever afters ' amiable enough for a matinee .
This is n't exactly a new vision of ` Snow White . ' It 's more like a disorganized , ineffectual riff .
Even Tarsem 's visual flair in Mirror Mirror becomes commonplace as the movie plummets into the realm of the insufferable .
This is Snow White on mushrooms , a psychedelic spectacle that is gorgeous to look at but does n't offer much aside from its beautiful visuals .
Director Tarsem Singh Dhandwar has found a story worthy of his ravishing visuals and the result is an enchanting update of the classic fairy tale of Snow White .
The advertising and marketing teams at Relativity Media responsible for creating the trailers and TV spots for `` Mirror Mirror '' should be fired at once . This is pretty close to a splendid retelling of a timeless classic .
Decidedly mediocre , with director Tarsem Singh so concentrated on bejeweling his creation that he forgets to make it funny or even the slightest bit romantic .
Singh brings cheeky humor , an eccentric sensibility and an enchanting look to his re-imagined tale .
There 's plenty of spectacle in movies these days ; it 's delight that 's in short supply , and Tarsem Singh 's Mirror Mirror offers plenty of it , shimmering like a school of minnows in a reflective pond .
Like all of Tarsem 's films , story takes a backseat to visuals , and there 's plenty to pop the eyes-love those life-size string-puppet assassins ! - if not , ultimately , to stir the soul .
The actors are caught somewhere in the middle of this quirky , unsatisfying film -- a fractured fairy tale that alternates between amusing and infuriating with each new scene .
Can get just about anyone to at least crack a smile , but it 's tough to say whether that smile will come from laughing with the material or at it .
Even if you 're as annoyed by the movie as I was , you 'll come out laughing the costumes .
It 's a clever , luscious-looking fairy tale you really can take kids to - no allegedly family-friendly snot-and-fart humor here - and a bundle of high style and sharp wit and terrific performances for yourself .
`` Mirror Mirror '' is just a limp , jokey family film that wants to have its fairy tale magic and its hip irony , too .
A booster shot of testosterone lends kinetic kick to director Tarsem Singh 's visually inventive interpretation , without shortchanging the requisite froufrou or sugarcoating the story 's dark Oedipal heart .
Perhaps the overriding problem with Mirror Mirror is that it mines territory so overworked that there 's nothing new or valuable to be found .
Yes , Tarsem Singh 's goofy take on the `` Snow White and the Seven Dwarves '' fairy tale looks the part ; pity the characters had to open their mouths .
It 's charmless , shoddily executed and will surely be explained away by Roberts as the kind of film actors do `` for their kids . '' If that 's so , she should 've done a better movie .
Strictly for kids , but pure movie fun nonetheless .
A rather muddled modernized fantasy that never manages to find a coherent style
Like Rodgers and Hammerstein 's Cinderella with just a dash of Lars von Trier 's Dogville , Tarsem Singh 's rendering of this revisionist fairy tale is less cinematic than it is purposefully theatrical .
Though the entire production bursts with cartoonish playfulness , it woefully underestimates humour and heart in the process .
This was a very pleasant surprise to me .
While it sports fine chemistry between its leads and a unique , creative look , it 's considerably uneven and not especially memorable .
Flat and polished is a fine condition for mirrors , not movies . There is imagination galore but no genuine magic in Mirror Mirror , a Grimmly disappointing take on Snow White 's fairy tale .
A twisted spin on the classic Snow White fairytale that strives for a humorous contemporary edge but mostly misses .
-LSB- It -RSB- ultimately suffers the same fatal flaw as Julia Roberts ' evil queen : It does n't really care about anything except how pretty it looks .
There 's no center to Mirror Mirror , no sense that anyone involved knew what exactly what they were shooting for .
Not all of the twists on the story work , but for the most part it 's well-meaning , goofy good fun .
All of Mirror Mirror is visually striking , even when it works on no other levels .
When it comes to fashion on film , here 's certainly a lot of beauty in Mirror Mirror - I found it a whimsical take on the fairytale of Snow White , the seven dwarfs , and the Evil Queen .
The dialogue and the action are , for the most part , rather dull and weirdly devoid of energy .
Not since Francis Ford Coppola slapped his daughter Sofia into `` Godfather III '' have we seen a lead performance this dull , whispered and charisma free .
... one need n't be asking too much of Mirror Mirror in order to be at least occasionally disarmed by its pockets of genuine eccentricity .
As enchanting as an insurance commercial , Mirror Mirror is an ugly movie about the importance of beauty .
The dialogue is rather flat , the movie sort of boring , and there 's not much energy in the two places it should really be felt : Between the Queen and Snow White , and between Snow and the Prince .
In its best moments , Mirror Mirror works quite well in a Tim Burton-lite kind of way . The production design is always imaginative , and just a touch strange .
Snow White and the Huntsman is due to be released in June and although the expectations are greater , Mirror Mirror has thrown down the gauntlet .
This is just more of the same from Tarsem Singh ; high camp and low energy , with decent visuals which in no way compensate for the script 's charmless monotony .
The whole thing should please kids from seven upwards , and their parents should appreciate Roberts 's dirty laugh , which shows itself to be more versatile than I could ever have imagined .
Director Tarsem Singh Dhandwar not only keeps the action rolling along he has elicited the most fabulous performance from Julia Roberts , and the rest of the cast are top notch too .
This modernist Snow White is a typical Tarsem film : visually wild and inventive , dramatically flawed , and ultimately incoherent , but it offfers some pleasures .
At its best , the film is a joust between Hammer and Roberts to see who can get the most laughs .
Mirror Mirror is n't the kind of classic that wins big awards or lavish praise . It 's just a really sweet , charming film , and we can never have enough of those .
Visually stunning and highly entertaining on a number of different levels , Mirror Mirror is the perfect family film for both the young and young at heart .
This account of Snow White is n't about to be crowned the fairest of them all , but a vibrant visual palate and sweet sense of humour ensures that it 's no bad apple either .
Tarsem Singh has no qualms in creating an un-bashfully celebratory family movie in Mirror Miirror that takes liberties with the popular fairy tale and makes them work in a kooky , campy way .
An enchanting update of a much-beloved classic guaranteed to delight kids of any age !
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Energized by Tarsem Singh 's signature eye for fantasy landscapes -LRB- see `` The Cell '' -RRB- , `` Mirror Mirror '' lights up like the Aurora Borealis ...
Lacking respect for the material , the writers attempt a combination of farce and political correctness to make it somehow more relevant . It does n't work .
There 's nothing stale in this sophisticated update that sparkles with star power , fun and humour
Be thankful under-10s can still be catered to in the impending age of the `` gritty '' fairy tale , and that a wonderfully unique filmmaker like Tarsem is in charge of rousing their imagination .
While Mr. Singh knows how to make performers and sets look good , he has trouble putting them into vibrant , kinetic , meaningful play , which effectively means that he 's a better window dresser than a movie director .



@highlight

Like most of Tarsem Singh 's films , Mirror Mirror is undeniably beautiful -- but its treatment of the age-old Snow White fable lacks enough depth or originality to set it apart from the countless other adaptations of the tale .