It 's a sports movie , complete with breathless action sequences , overwrought crowd reactions , and a soaring score . It 's a biopic about a legend . And it 's one of the best lesbian films I 've ever seen .
... `` Battle of the Sexes '' resonates more for the impeccable performances and its excellent story , than for anything else .
I hope someday someone will make the movie that the trailer for Battle of the Sexes , the PG-13 sports biography starring Emma Stone and Steve Carell as Billie Jean King and Bobby Riggs , promises .
The emotional stakes never really feel all that high throughout .
It 's a solid film and very entertaining , with good performances throughout , but too often marred by expositional stretches filled with on-the-nose dialogue .
Great casting makes a great comedy , and some brilliant strokes are served with the sports dramedy , `` Battle of the Sexes . ''
A middling biopic that jams on the brakes about every 10 minutes .
Battle is an extremely well-made movie artistically and should be kept in the game as a contender for critics ' honors and the Oscars at the end of the year .
Dayton and Faris have equally made Battle of the Sexes a very accessible film whose crowd-pleasing spirit should not disguise the lessons it makes to be learned .
It 's mostly lighthearted fun . The two leads exhibit familiar character beats : Stone is sweet , toggling between tentative and quietly determined , while Carell finds the note of pathos beneath Riggs ' braying goofball .
Andrea Riseborough is this film 's secret weapon .
This film is much more than a skilful re-enactment . It 's a witty and insightful exploration of the kind of person who chases sporting success and global fame , even when the odds are stacked against them .
When it remains nutty it hits mostly aces .
Even after the hostility and the circus preamble , the matchup ends with a classy handshake , one that will continue to spark discussion and change backward thinking
The Battle of the Sexes is a tragicomedy -LSB- that 's -RSB- quite fluid and entertaining . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
We want King to triumph , not only for these reasons , but because we love Emma Stone in her shoes . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Battle of the Sexes -RSB- lacks power , forcefulness ; it stays on the surface of things . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
At 121 minutes , Battle of the Sexes occasionally drags , but it 's the Hairy Legged Feminist-Male Chauvinist Pig showdown that we needed right now .
Interestingly enough , is that had it not been for a handful of diehard chauvinists one of the most iconic moments of the women 's rights movement might never have happened .
Co-directors Valerie Faris and Jonathon Dayton , working from Simon Beaufoy 's screenplay , deliver a layered , moving , funny and fascinating movie .
Billie Jean King and Bobby Riggs are two characters worth building a film around , and the film does well to portray both as more complex than they might have been in less capable hands , but the actual match they had does n't make for a great conclusion .
Battle of the Sexes shows how those seeds of change were sewn . As such , it 's game , set and match to female empowerment that deserves to be a smash hit with audiences .
The film is not unsuccessful , as it 's mostly entertaining enough , and if the gender politics seem oversimplified , there are reminders of some real-life commentaries .
Emma Stone shines again after La La Land ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a fine mesh , well-costumed and well-shot , yet , weirdly , it never ignites as intended .
A light , funny , blissfully entertaining flick about heavy , sadly still relevant themes .
There 's fun to be had watching Stone deliver comeuppance to this clown , although the film takes its sweet time getting there , mostly because King keeps turning him down .
Battle Of The Sexes has become a film that reveals just how little progress has been made and it 's all the better and more powerful for it . You can certainly see why it 's starting to generate some deserved pre-awards buzz .
The film may borrow the name from the much-hyped match , but Little Miss Sunshine directors Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris know far more interesting conflicts were playing out off the court .
This dramatisation revisits those carnivalesque events in splendidly springy fashion , achieving the quadruple grand slam feat of being emotionally engaging , politically intriguing , dramatically gripping and frequently very funny .
Stone and Carell ace it in this smart biopic , stylishly recreating the champ-vs-clown clash of the tennis titans that electrified '70s America .
Smashing the snappy dialogue out of the court is the supremely funny Steve Carell as Riggs and the wonderfully buoyant Emma Stone as King .
Battle of the Sexes has the honour of being the first great film about tennis , but it 's also a joyous celebration of an important moment of progress that needs to be remembered - now more than ever .
Stone gives her best performance since she first exploded as a fully formed generational talent in 2010 's Easy A .
The glib screenplay is often thumpingly obvious but this is an entertaining crowd-pleaser .
The movie unfolds a bit like a really good baseline rally : a blow for the men , a counter-blow for the women .
As a palate cleanser for 2017 , you could do much worse than Battle of the Sexes , a lightweight but likable sports movie .
Watching male chauvinism get a drubbing will never not be good cinematic sport , and Battle of the Sexes gives us ringside seats .
A seductively enjoyable , smart and well-acted film ...
Emma Stone delivers perhaps her finest performance to date , adeptly conveying King 's fiery determination , but also her heart-breaking vulnerability .
Emma Stone and Andrea Riseborough are so great together you 'll wish the whole movie was about their character 's relationship . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In a performance tinged with comedy and pathos , Carrell captures Riggs 's sleaziness , his chutzpah and his childlike quality .
If you accept that you 're being sold a simplified snapshot , Battle of the Sexes is a lot of fun .
Carell , terrific and a little horrific , gets him exactly . He wins the film , though we wo n't reveal the match outcome .
As they did in Sunshine , -LSB- Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris -RSB- adroitly walk the line between poking fun at the characters - here , Carell 's pathetic , attention-seeking Riggs is the main target - and winning sympathy for them .
Any head-scratching about Stone playing King ceases within the first few minutes - she 's perfect in the role .
Meanwhile , the triple threat of Sarah Silverman , Alan Cumming and Elisabeth Shue all rolled up in one film is a joy almost too great to bear .
Stone is a marvel , drawing you in as a crusader . You also feel her strains and internal struggles .
A fascinating story , rendered in broad , middlebrow strokes .
... Emma Stone shines ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Battle of the Sexes '' adroitly captures the era and an event that still has importance for women and the LGBT community .
... the movie is ultimately unable to justify its more-than-two-hour running time ...
Briskly paced , this movie is a crowd pleasure -- unless you 're part of the viewing crowd that still believe men should be paid eight times more than women in sports arenas .
It 's the FOX SEARCHLIGHT disease : a slightly `` risky '' subject gets subjected to the same developmental burnishing an X - MEN film would receive and ends up feeling just as manufactured .
Battle of the Sexes could have taken the rivalry between Billie Jean King and Bobby Riggs to the next level . .
Battle of the sexes is an enjoyable , innocuous comedy ... taking advantage of the current political environment ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Battle of the Sexes wanted to be too many things at the same time . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Too much ball . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... there are clichés that at certain moments turn audacity into a puerile exhibition . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Although it does not offer anything new or revolutionary for the subgenre , ` Battle of the Sexes ' scores a victory thanks to its cast and undeniable `` feel-good story '' . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An unusually smart film , Battle of the Sexes mixes humour with social observation , and makes its point in a more entertaining way than most message films would .
An entertaining and charming film , `` The Battle of the Sexes '' is just the backdrop in a look at the life of one of sport 's greatest figures .
We really HAVE come a long way , baby .
Effectively delves behind the scenes of the people and stakes behind one of the biggest spectacles in sport .
In keeping with the tennis theme , it 's hard to find `` fault '' in the performances being offered here .
Stone 's signature blend of breezy charm and deep empathy is so winning , it eclipses the screenplay 's broader strokes , and the more heavily affected performances of her co-stars .
A highly entertaining account ... . The movie belongs to Emma Stone .
I was expecting this to be more of a comedy than it was , but it is a surprisingly compelling and frank biopic about the two people involved in one of the most famous and important sports events of the last century .
The most powerful - and also the most depressing - thing about Battle of the Sexes is how relevant King 's struggle still is today .
-LSB- Emma -RSB- Stone 's performance is surprisingly thoughtful and internal .
This is an exceptional film , insightfully conceived and built on a beautifully written script by British Oscar winner Simon Beaufoy -LRB- Slumdog Millionaire -RRB- .
Battle of the Sexes is a well crafted film , and it 's potentially the most crowd pleasing feature you 'll see all year , but it just lacks the oomph to fall firmly into greatness .
Directors Valerie Faris and Jonathan Dayton have crafted an astute film where the drama mostly unfolds without confrontation .
Finally , a tennis movie that works . After the disappointing Borg vs McEnroe , we get another high-profile tennis film about a clash of personalities , only this one is defined by thrills , heartache , politics and passion .
An artless , facile gaze at an American icon , a film whose look and dialogue often come off like an adaptation of the back of a vintage Wheaties box .
Faris and Dayton are interested in how the players got there , not in the game itself , and their emphasis on the whole environment of the match creates a far richer and chewier film than the usual triumphant sports drama .
It succeeds because it treats viewers to what television audiences did n't see when Billie Jean King and Bobby Riggs faced each other .
Shot with the verve of an after-school special , hammering its points with the subtlety of a carpenter banging nails , it feels like a parody of an empowerment movie .
It 's a pity that the film is as patchy as it because individually some of the working parts here are undeniably impressive .
It 's a moment in history worth retelling ...
Should be a grand slam right ? Not quite .
Trailblazers like Billie Jean King deserve our thanks , and the tribute she receives in this movie .
The story of a remarkable woman and her remarkable accomplishments suffers , as too many LGBTQ-themed twenty-first-century docudramas do , from an accretion of it-gets-better telegraphing .
By the way , Battle of the Sexes is also quite a funny film too . It has it all .
It 's fun and suspenseful , and rounded out by a delightful supporting cast , including Sarah Silverman and Alan Cummings .
The final result is a film that is much more complex than expected , but also a film that viewers will likely evaluate based on its message more than its execution .
Battle of the Sexes serves up a history lesson and a message of equality that is as timely now as it was more than 40 years ago , but it 's a bit too soft to call the film a grand-slam winner .
Fun and extremely easy to watch . But ... feels like a massive missed opportunity .
King and Riggs ' famous tussle inspires an engaging , entertaining effort - one that 's as much about the showdown at its centre as it is the struggles it stood for .
A terrific-looking movie photographed with intelligence and written in crayon .
Like real life , the movie loses some steam when the big match rolls around . Nothing on the court could match what led King and Riggs there and the same goes for Dayton and Faris ' movie .
Battle Of The Sexes is an important re-stating of an important moment in sport , and its subject matter is as pertinent now as it was then .
A highly engaging film that frequently keeps a light touch even as it tackles weighty subjects .
Emma Stone aces empowerment , focusing on the social change that swept the country during the last quarter of the 20th century .
Instead of so much emphasis on the obvious , you wish Beaufoy had dug a bit deeper .
Battle of the Sexes is a sublime achievement , the textbook definition of comedy and drama . Fox Searchlight has a behemoth contender come award season .
Despite any faults , or double faults - which also includes some dialogue that sounds suspiciously like too-meaningful speeches - Battle of the Sexes is an entertaining , well-performed history lesson in the sociology of the early 1970s .
-LSB- King 's and Riggs ' -RSB- scenes together are handled with unusual delicacy .
Battle of the Sexes feels like a safe retelling of the event , no matter what its revolutionary implications . Faris and Dayton err on the side of the commercial , putting out a self-congratulatory message .
About halfway through Battle of the Sexes , I found myself wishing I was watching a documentary rather than a feature film .
... conveys both the absurd spectacle and underlying high stakes in its true-life tale , while staging the climactic on-court action with crowd-pleasing flair .
Does Battle of the Sexes break new ground in terms of cinematic form ? No . But it 's an exceedingly well-done film ...
The casting is the movie 's strength , and both actors milk just about every drop possible from Simon Beaufoy 's strictly workmanlike screenplay .
Put another way , this is one tennis movie that could have used more topspin .
Steve Carell is a marvelous chameleon who shape shifts through Bobby 's moods .
... it is still Stone and her depiction of King that is the film 's undeniably flawless element .
The legacy lives on through Stone 's remarkable performance - and through King herself , who continues to inspire people of all genders to stand up and be respected .
aris and Dayton , along with screenwriter Simon Beaufoy -LRB- Slumdog Millionaire , Fishing in the Yemen -RRB- , have recreated a seismic moment in popular culture that you can almost feel rippling beneath your feet in the theatre .
It 's not just about tennis-it 's also about giving respect to women as human beings and recognizing their aspirations and achievements .
This is n't just a history lesson-it 's an entertaining treatment of a well-known and important story
Emma Stone and Steve Carell score as feminist queen and sexist court jester in `` Battle of the Sexes . ''
No matter how well Stone and Carell play their roles , `` The Battle of the Sexes '' feels overstuffed and slow .
Battle of the Sexes is one of the best-acted films of the year so far , a masterfully created portrait of a particular moment in America that still resonates today .
How do you turn a great story into a mediocre one ? Woke it up !
The battle for equality may not be over , but Battle of the Sexes reminds us-in the slogan of the women 's tour sponsor-we 've come a long way , baby .
It 's 44 years later , but much of it is as relevant as ever .
Slick and fun , `` Battle of the Sexes '' is an ace .
This is mainstream filmmaking at the top of its game .
This wonderfully entertaining , authentic-looking recreation captures the feverish spirit of the time as the nascent , all-powerful medium of television fed a media circus that publicised the event as a culture-shifting moment in modern history .
King fought for better pay for women 's professional tennis players ... Battle of the Sexes captures that zeitgeist . Just not in the way you expect .
`` Battle of the Sexes '' is more than just an empowerment victory lap for women and others seeking equality ; it 's a heartfelt love story or two , and a fantastic time capsule resurrecting the early '70s with aplomb .
The joyous movie Battle of the Sexes covers every inch of the court -- as an inspirational sports drama , as a riotous comedy , as a tender romance and as an insightful biography of King and her pivotal role in the fight for women 's equality .
All that 's expected from the leads is that they put forth a competent degree of mimicry ; the secondary characters , meanwhile , are left with little to do but flounder .
... Stone merely underlines why her Best Actress win this year was the right choice , effortlessly carrying an ensemble cast-and major feminist messages still ringing out now-on the temples of her glasses .
Often a reviewer feels compelled to compare a movie with a much better book or play . In this case , it 's the documentary .
More striking is the array of social issues that this circuslike event brought to international attention more than four decades ago .
Steve Carell plays the loudmouth hustler Riggs as exactly the one-note , surface-level caricature you would expect , and the film veers chaotically from googly-eyed comedy to sincere drama as a result .
It 's a director 's duty to make sure we know that the past was a place where people really feared to step out of line . Director Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris fulfilled that duty .
A breezy , funny film about serious subject matter , Battle of the Sexes benefits from some winning lead performances and the admirably light touch ...
Battle of the Sexes does many things wonderfully well . It tells a complex story with clarity , brevity and wit . It establishes a couple of superbly well-written and played characters .
It 's a shame that Battle of the Sexes feels like little more than a primer to a different , more fascinating film .
Battle of the Sexes is not deep enough to speak truth to the enduring powerful impact this match had then and continues to have , now that sports again is a battleground in our never-ending cultural wars .
It 's not just an irresistible entertainment by the two directors who gave us Little Miss Sunshine and written by the writer who gave us Slumdog Millionaire and The Full Monty . It 's a movie with social and emotional substance .
A solid lob , but not the grand slam one might have hoped for .
Emma Stone and Steve Carell are both excellent , which makes you wish Beaufoy had done more with the story 's most complicated friendship-between the two well-matched athletes .
-LSB- Emma -RSB- Stone gives a standout performance - alternately funny , warm and heartbreaking .
With its genius cast , wonderfully calibrated emotional and comic beats , and brilliant 70s mimesis , Battle of the Sexes is slick , commercial filmmaking at its best .
As upbeat and entertaining as it undeniably is , Battle Of The Sexes sees that battle as ongoing .
The actual tennis is the least important element of Battle of the Sexes . The film is much more interested in relationships and King 's evolution . Its best moments come off the court , especially when King and company break off to form the WTA .
Real life sucks , especially its misogyny . Fortunately , this is not only the greatest tennis film ever made but also a rousing piece of entertainment .
While it threatens at time to lose its focus , its performances -- and its blend of history and humor -- make it a very enjoyable , and recommendable , film .
Battle of the Sexes is almost by definition predictable - the outcome of its title tennis match is well known - but there was one scene that made my jaw drop .
... directors Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris keep a number of balls in the air , juggling actual tennis play , the hype leading up to a game that would be watched by 90 million , and the personal lives of their protagonists .
The message feels programmed like some LGBTQ version of a Hallmark card . Sometimes capital letters are needed to get the attention of those persons who most need to hear what needs to be said .
A stirring , colorful , and amusing effort , finding different ways to approach an oft-told tale .
It 's worthwhile , but there 's a lot more to this story .
Emma Stone is dazzling . She is more Billie Jean than Billie Jean .
Giddy
The chalk lines in `` Battle of the Sexes '' stretch into the past and future , measuring how far we 've come since then and how far we have to go .
Stone and Carell give such charismatic performances that it 's hard not to get caught up in the spectacle of it all , even if the outcome was determined 40-plus years ago .
... a brisk , feel good crowdpleaser that 's provocative and serious at its core ...
Battle of the Sexes is compelling and enjoyable to watch , thanks in large part to the performances , even if some of the outsized supporting characters ... are given the lamest lines .
Stone and Carell are both marvelous - even if they are , at times , in different movies .
The pace is swift , and the '70s setting is rich : the throbbing soundtrack , the retro click of a telephone dial , the bright colors and pageantry of the match .
Battle of the Sexes is a film that needs to wrap together several concerns into its overarching feminist manifesto and it just did n't have the time to deal with everything properly . Consequently , it feels like some steps were skipped over .
The movie is stretching credibility a bit far when it comes to establishing the lasting significance of the freakish contest which ends this saga .
Battle of the Sexes is a film as concerned with the present as the past .
Battle of the Sexes gets it right where it counts by conveying the complexity of Billie Jean King 's story - and reminding us all that the fight for basic fairness is n't over .
You do n't have to be a tennis fan to warm to this highly entertaining story in which passion , determination and courage are the drivers .
The problem is that King 's story is so much more compelling than Riggs ' , so -LRB- in spite of Carell 's best efforts -RRB- , the character just becomes a distraction - and the filmmakers seem weirdly invested in letting him off the hook .
The level of craft and intelligence that goes into making a movie that affects an audience like this one does is not inconsiderable . Worse things can be said about a film than that it 's effective . But effective films can also be annoying .
Battle of the Sexes thrives as a crowd-pleasing sports story with charm to spare , even as it sugarcoats the real-life events that inspired it .
Battle Of the Sexes is a well-played crowd pleaser with a decent backhand volley .
Stone and Carell both give big , winning movie-star performances , even if they ca n't quite be said to disappear into their roles .
When the movie finally turns to the climactic match , complete with excited volley-by-volley coverage and roaring crowd , the whiplash takes some getting used to .
If Battle of the Sexes is unsurprising to a fault , it 's by no means a double fault . The movie is very entertaining .
Despite great turns by Stone and Carell , BATTLE OF THE SEXES would have done better with a wittier , nuanced script and less clunky , anachronistic forecasting .
Battle of the Sexes is about so much more than its sport . It 's a gateway towards showing how harsh criticism was for women , and how it remains so to this day .
Headlined by another Oscar-worthy performance from Emma Stone , the film aches with an impressive and touching tale of self-discovery .
There are more artistically inspired versions of the `` Battle of the Sexes '' story , but in art , like in tennis , the moment dictates the shot ; this moment called for a crisp forehand smash , and `` Battle of the Sexes '' delivered .
A welcome return to form for Dayton and Faris
An exhilarating movie propelled by two mesmerizing star performances-Emma Stone and Steve Carell .
Society did n't learn to stop oppressing women from a tennis match and I do n't think they 're going to learn from a movie either . Battle of the Sexes is a good example for those still fighting that you can take the high road and win small victories .
The concentration on sex serves to belittle the enormous risk King took in boycotting the Pacific Southwest Tournament and the revolution she instigated . Too bad .
it does n't take itself too seriously , and it seems to have respect for both the story 's hero and its villain .
Carell 's cartoonish antics are funny enough , but the two women are the tale 's real champions .
Screenwriter Simon Beaufoy and directors Valerie Faris and Jonathan Dayton focus on the complexities of the rivals ' personal lives with empathy and compassion .
Directors Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris evoke the 70s well , and the film flows with information about the match and those involved , but you 're never fully invested .
This overlong , half-comic rewriting of the history of the 1973 tennis stunt ... is so heavily slanted toward the goal of advancing feminism that it neglects to offer a humanely balanced portrait of the players .
The movie is stolen by putative supporting player Steve Carell . He 's so able to find the heartrending desperation behind Riggs ' show-biz chauvinism that he might have viewers developing a rooting interest in the wrong side of history .
At times , it works . But at others , it struggles to find its footing , and sometimes it flat-out falls down .
The story becomes much more than simply a tennis exhibition . And , quite fittingly , Stone , Carell , a grand ensemble cast , and their `` Little Miss Sunshine '' co-directors mostly get back to the top of their game .
A movie that will leave you with a good feeling coming out of the theater .
Moving dramedy serves up sexism , sexuality ; lots of smoking .
'' -LSB- W -RSB- omen 's lib '' was n't -LRB- and is n't -RRB- about trying to prove women are better than men . It is about challenging assumptions that men are better than women simply because they 're men .
By attempting to use the sports world as a lens through which to view the social-sexual currents of its time , the filmmakers turn `` Battle of the Sexes '' into a barely muted rallying cry for equality in our own time .
The new movie Battle of the Sexes portrays this circus-like time in the past perfectly .
Imagine Hillary and Trump Swinging Rackets . Emma Stone and Steve Carell 's recreation of the media circus that was the '73 King-Riggs tennis match could n't be more relevant .
If Battle of the Sexes is more than a little slight in places , it more than makes up for its shortcomings through sheer entertainment value .
They found the human story , the vulnerability , the drive , the fear , the resolve behind the hoopla and hyperbole .
Handsome and moving if a bit cautious , Battle is full of smart complexities and sensational acting .
The performances are strong , there are number of big laughs and legitimately emotional moments and the decision to shoot in 35 mm gives the film a subtly authentic period flavor that helps to sell the proceedings .
Even if you 've Googled the outcome , or are old enough to remember watching it on television , the film 's reenactment of the battle and the bluster makes for entertaining and at times riveting viewing .
It 's a feel-good film with a somewhat curdled legacy : You could clip just about any piece of sexist dialogue here , label it 2017 and pass it off as plausible .
It deserves to be said that Mr. Carell is both a bona-fide movie star and a marvelous actor , two things that do n't always go together .
King 's ambivalence and reluctance , and her understanding that the position she found herself in as an advocate had the capacity to paint her into a corner , are the best parts of the new film .
The movie is so intent on pointing out the sexism of the day ... that it more or less brushes off a key part of Billie 's life as something to be addressed later .
Battle of the Sexes may have laughs aplenty , but at its heart is the serious issue of equality , and the argument is well served .
The film is at its best when the lens is tightened on the personal factors that led to King and Riggs ' showdown .
It hardly matters that the match itself does n't look like much . The symbolic power of what happened there - one small step , one giant leap for womankind - is still the movie 's truest ace .
Unlike the election , you 'll be able to cheer while watching Battle of the Sexes .
Emma Stone does the best work of her career . Her Billie Jean King is a champion on multiple levels .
The movie 's implied contention that women 's tennis offers the same quality of play as men 's simply does n't withstand acquaintance with the facts .
An essential history lesson with a smart smack of relevance for today -LRB- because feminism always has to be relitigated -RRB- . It 's also warm , funny , and hugely entertaining .
Under an entertaining story of two high-profile people who came to represent social upheaval on a tennis court , the Battle of the Sexes is also a timely reminder of the backsliding currently going on in America .
In its focus on King , it 's ... a compelling internal story , demonstrating that athletic achievement is not only a matter of physical gifts . At the highest levels , where the pressure is greatest , it really comes down to character .
A stirring , affectionately felt biopic about a necessary milestone in sports history . The not-so-secret weapon of `` Battle of the Sexes '' is Billie Jean King herself , and Emma Stone 's impassioned turn playing her .
The depiction of the subtle romantic combustion between King and Barnett is a beauty .
Although , at times , the portentous dialogue threatens to overwhelm the fun factor , Battle succeeds thanks to the charisma and chutzpah of its two leads .
It was personal and it was political , which `` Battle of the Sexes '' gets . It was also entertainment , which is where the movie really excels .
`` Battle '' is most involving when it deals not with sports or society but the personal struggles both players , especially King , were going through in the run-up to the match .
It 's not a revolution in biopic storytelling , but it treats all of its characters like real people , not narrative speedbumps , and that 's refreshing .
It 's easy to say , `` You 've come a long way , baby . '' Here 's someone who walked , or sprinted , every mile .
A warm , earnestly entertaining film ...
Stone won an Academy Award for `` La La Land , '' but she 's better here , probably the best she 's ever been .
In most sports films , we always know who we 're supposed to be rooting for . For all its feel-good , formulaic biopic tendencies , `` Battle of the Sexes '' is notable for rethinking this narrative trope .
The movie is both fun and a mild disappointment ...
A winning combination of sports movie and civil rights story , with ace performances from Stone and Carell .
Emma Stone and Steve Carell are matchless and at the top of their game in a film that goes places that just might surprise you . A superb trip back to the notorious tennis duel between Billie Jean King and Bobby Riggs .
Male braggadocio meets steely feminist fire , and Hollywood plotting discovers real world harmony for a graceful high note .
Battle of the Sexes is , at best , a light volley of banter and debate over important topics , rather than a hard-hitting expose with contemporary ties to ongoing gender discussions -LRB- which it easily could have been -RRB- .
A fairly standard , if unexceptional film that has two major things going for it : Emma Stone and timeliness .
Where Battle Of The Sexes wins though , is the way it perfectly captures the silliness and yet also the utmost importance of one tennis match that pitted a man against women for one night only . It 's a triumph , just like King .
The `` Battle Of The Sexes '' was the 1973 tennis exhibition that , as overhyped spectacle , was the Mayweather/McGregor match of its day . And it 's fleshed out as first-rate soap in the movie of the same name starring Emma Stone and Steve Carell .
While Battle of the Sexes is a reminder of the gender issues still plaguing us , it wholeheartedly embraces the equality of its two excellent leads .
-LSB- Emma -RSB- Stone brings King 's raw courage to life and the dawning of her new sexual identity is profound .
Dayton and Faris do an impressive job in balancing the protagonist 's complex love life with the sporting event at the core of the movie , which inspires another fine display from Stone .
Have we really come a long way , baby ?
A film based on a true story should have three things - strong characters , fierce conflict and a fresh angle . `` Battle of the Sexes '' serves up all of them .
The steady procession of setups and payoffs can feel suspiciously pat . Yet the new movie holds more surprises .
Emma Stone is the standout , bringing an astounding power and depth to her role as she layers the complexities of King .
It does n't feel like a history lesson or a sermon . It feels like a conversation , laced with purpose and passion , but so generously sprinkled with charm , heart , and humor you might wish it 'd never end .
Battle of the Sexes is so shrewd in other areas that it 's hard to complain . What Battle of the Sexes understands is that this match looked entirely different depending on which side you were rooting for .
A fun , audience-friendly slice of nostalgia not unlike AMERICAN HUSTLE .
It 's a fertile premise , but the film somehow underperforms .
A disjointed biopic that frustratingly settles for pleasing the crowds rather than wowing them .
You will want Billie Jean to prove her point , and that 's game , set and match for this tidy crowd-pleaser .
Battle of the Sexes is an entertaining and inspiring story about a dogged woman winning against men who do n't take her seriously enough .
Carell finds the outrageous and the sad within Riggs ' personality but it is the warmth and force of Stone 's highly convincing performance that wins game , set and film .
The film sacrifices some of its innate appeal by making ham out of the supposed relics of a less enlightened era .
There 's a better version of Battle of the Sexes that focuses even more fully on King , villainizing Riggs and his grotesque culture of sexism in a way this movie disappointingly seems scared to do .
Although it 's largely affable despite its shortcomings , the movie feels like a weak gesture rather than a grand slam .
Though told in broad strokes , its version of the story deserves credit for never buying into the hype and surreal pageantry of the Astrodome showdown .
Served up with star turns from Emma Stone and Steve Carell , Battle Of The Sexes slams a crowdpleaser across the net .
Directors Valerie Faris and Jonathan Dayton move beyond the ready-made charisma of the serve-and-volley shenanigans to offer a contextualized portrait of the closet-lesbian King and her fight against sexism and the social mores of the time .
Stone is strong in a steely , unshowy role and it 's rewarding to see her outside of her comfort zone ; Carell is an annoying and cartoonish presence but , well , so was Riggs .
An exciting , fun and emotional crowd-pleaser , Battle of the Sexes finds unexpected ties to today 's politics in charting a legendary 1973 tennis match .
What Battle of the Sexes misses is the opportunity to make a movie that is n't a stupid , self-satisfied situation comedy with a `` big match '' at the end .
This is a film that admires - even awes at - Billie Jean King , but it does n't share her commitment to the game .
Billy Jean King wins . Not just the 1973 Battle of the Sexes tennis match against Bobby Riggs , but the hugely entertaining and inspiring movie of the same name . It 's all aces .
Battle of the Sexes is the feel good female empowerment film that the world needs right now .
`` Battle Of The Sexes '' might not be a grand slam final , but it 's certainly worth the cost of seeing a match in person .
It 's game , set and match for Battle of the Sexes , a massively entertaining account of the momentous 1973 tennis match between Billie Jean King and Bobby Riggs that also deftly deals with the numerous social issues inherent in the carnival-like contest .
Frankly , it 's surprising just how many facets of this story there are to explore , and `` Battle of the Sexes '' does so in such a way that should appeal to both audiences old enough to remember and those curious to know more .

@highlight

Battle of the Sexes turns real-life events into a crowd-pleasing , well-acted dramedy that ably entertains while smartly serving up a volley of present-day parallels .