Fever Pitch , the newest film from the Farrelly Brothers is n't packing much heat , but the humility will kill you .
Nick Hornby 's novels have produced two terrific examples of the genre : High Fidelity and About A Boy . Unfortunately , this latest adaptation is strictly a minor league affair .
A delightful romantic comedy without the excesses we 've come to expect of the Farrellys .
I think it 's very ordinary .
A pleasant comedy with a good heart and amiable characters .
The Farrellys rein in their usual excesses , but still manage to produce the laughs , albeit accompanied by a dose of terminal cuteness .
Fever Pitch is funny , romantic and it makes even the by-now-very-tired story of the Sox 's 2004 World Series win seem fresh .
A genial date comedy that will divide audiences and genders on the prominence of sports in a relationship .
It 's a sweet , slight romantic comedy with appealing stars and a happy ending -- unless you 're a fan of , you know , that other team .
... tries to deal with the messy process of nurturing a proper adult relationship rather than simply shoehorning two lovers into a predictable set of catastrophic circumstances until they finally succumb to one another .
Stripped of almost all the brothers ' usual crudeness , Fever Pitch proves what we 've suspected all along : That beneath the gross-out gags and freak-show humor , Peter and Bobby Farrelly are just a couple of lovable romantics .
The film turns out to be a substantial pleasure as the spirit of the Sox shines through .
Perfectly enjoyable but perfectly forgettable .
Coincidentally , it 's the second great romantic comedy to end with Drew Barrymore on a ball diamond and the only work of fiction to feature Jimmy Fallon as a believable human being , as Fallon handles possible pregnancy with unexpected dramatic presence .
Maybe you have to love the Red Sox to really enjoy Fever Pitch , but then you never really had to know sports to know a pretty bad movie .
The Farrelly brothers soften their customary inclination toward gross-out humor with a tender and earnest adaptation of a novel by Nick Hornby -LRB- `` High Fidelity '' -RRB- .
Despite the charming actors and promising setup , they never really hit it out of the park .
Drew Barrymore gives an excellent performance as a lady-in-waiting opposite Jimmy Fallon 's equally-impressive portrayal of a jittery , baseball-obsessed beau .
For a light-hearted romantic comedy , there are a number of genuinely touching moments of love .
It 's slickly done , pleasantly watchable , but despite Barrymore 's ever-charming earnestness , not quite a home run .
It 's a lot of fun .
Anyone familiar with the conventions of the rom-com genre knows how all this is going to turn out .
Barrymore has rarely been so bright and effortlessly charming , but it 's all lost on Fallon , who often resembles one of those unfortunate SNL guests who freeze up on live TV , completely out of their element .
El fin de la maldición del Bambino , un buen guión y la irresistible Drew Barrymore . Combinación otoñal fresca y exquisita .
It does what it sets out to do , which is earn a few laughs and a few smiles . But it 's all too run-of-the-mill .
Apesar de inferior ao original -LRB- e ao livro -RRB- , esta é uma adaptação charmosa que , graças à simpatia de Fallon e Barrymore , sobrevive aos excessos ocasionais dos irmãos Farrelly .
Not a Farrelly brothers classic , and -LRB- some testicle-washing aside -RRB- not much in the way of their trademark gross-out humour , but the boys from Boston do an admirable job of transferring Hornby 's story into the States and onto the baseball diamond .
Sweet , charming and never less than watchable , thanks to Drew Barrymore 's winning performance .
It 's not pitch perfect but the leads make a winning team .
Subtlety and sensitivity are not words one equates with the Farrelly Bros. but they 're deployed in spades in `` Fever Pitch , '' the shockingly good Americanization of Hornby .
A nice movie -- and that 's not damning it with faint praise , as there 's just no term that better fits .
A likeable cast and a breezy tone make the film watchable , even if the plot has been badly stretched and simplified .
This is some real human depth , but do n't worry , it 's still funny .
This movie is truly delightful , a real must-see , even if you 're not a sports fan .
There is a sweet believability among Ben and his cohorts , as they divvy up the season tickets , inhaling the aroma of the freshly printed ducats as though they were a fine wine .
An amusing and affecting ode to professional sports fandom .
... a film that is determined to make YOU like it .
Even with all the baseball , there 's no denying this movie is a chick flick .
it works because , despite being immensely enjoyable as a romantic comedy , it cuts deep to the heart of modern romance
Drew Barrymore and Jimmy Fallon make a cute couple , but this sports-centric romantic comedy does n't quite knock it out of the park .
Ultimately , it 's a bore .
Unfortunately , it just is n't that funny as a comedy .
This is an adult , highly literate and refreshingly old-fashioned romance filled with crackling dialogue and shockingly decisive wit .
The movie 's sentiment is nothing new for the Farrelly brothers , but its complacency certainly is .
' ... a surprisingly sweet love story that would make even the most hardened Yankee fan smile . '
It 's nice to have two cute , intelligent , unsure , funny protagonists and still believe in their connection to each other , plus the additional romance of obsessions .
... purists may call foul because of the way the film poached on last year 's World Series . I 'm willing to give Fever Pitch a base on balls .
The baseball nuts in supporting roles add enough color to obtain a thumbs up from this longtime and equally frustrated Phillies fan .
Never approaches the rolling boil its title suggests , and laugh for laugh , it 's the least successful comedy the Farrelly Brothers have made .
In an alternate universe where all such daring experiments work , this might have seemed like a good idea .
It feels too much like a marketing-driven gimmick - it 's a chick flick with sports , you know , for guys !
Funny . One of the Farrellys ' best .
new wrinkle for the Farrelly brothers that baseball fans and couples can relate to
This was a fun movie that comes in time for the start of baseball season . The two stars work well together . Enjoy this fun movie .
` It 's cute ' will be the overwhelming coo that greets this sweet meetup between Jimmy Fallon and Drew Barrymore .
The filmmakers are split between making the Sox obsession a lovably funny quirk and suggesting that it 's haplessly infantile .
In -LSB- the Farrelly Brothers ' -RSB- better movies ... there exists a sweetness that belies the barfs , and this picture merely places that quality front and center .
What keeps us in the ballgame are Drew Barrymore and the Sox themselves .
More work-for-hire than a bona fide Farrelly Brothers picture . But it 's pretty good work-for-hire .
In Praise of Peter and Bobby
Barely a screwball comedy , let alone a gunk-loaded spitball like There 's Something About Mary .
This could be the blandest-looking romantic comedy in years . It 's a poorly structured one as well , with some of the clumsiest gags since Stuck on You .
If I were Gene Shalit , I would be in baseball-mataphor heaven over my enthusiasm for Fever Pitch . Really , it 's that good .
The Farrellys transform romantic formula into understanding .
Pleasant enough , yet it seldom sparks hearty laughter or tugs too strongly on a heartstring .
Even Hollywood would n't have scripted that happy ending to the story if it had n't really happened .
An ending that sends you out of the theater smiling from ear to ear .
-LSB- A -RSB- near-perfect romantic comedy , and the elegance with which it 's been constructed is a beautiful thing to behold .
Man 's love of sports has caused more friction in marriages than balancing the family checkbook . Fever Pitch explores that age-old dilemma admirably , even if it only gets to third base .
The Farrellys deliver something you would never expect from them : blandness .
`` Fever Pitch '' is a room-temperature movie .
The Farrelly Brothers step up to the batter 's box with cockeyed confidence looking to take a quirky swing at the famed Green Monster with uneven but high-spirited results
It carries with it the full courage of its heart-on-its-sleeve convictions , and that 's easy to respond to .
The film knows what it 's like to be a devoted fan and how frustrating it can be to love a devoted fan . The screenplay does a good job of looking at the issue from both sides .
As a Yankees fan , it pains me to admit it , but Fever Pitch , like the Red Sox at the 2004 World Series , is a winner .
A sweet , ingratiating romantic comedy .
Fever Pitch is a delightful romantic comedy that understands as much about the obsessive baseball fan as the chronic workaholic .
What happened to the Farrelly brothers ? Generally they 've managed to take create a perfect balance between raunchy and romantic comedy ... but not this time . Wah happun ?
An enjoyable romantic comedy , and not much more
-LSB- A -RSB- hugely appealing , extremely funny romantic comedy .
The movie -- often amusing , occasionally funny -- rides on their friendly shoulders well enough to be , if nowhere near a homerun , at least a respectable single .
For cinematic images of romantic and comic triumph , it 's hard to beat Drew Barrymore , barefoot and beautiful , running across the Fenway outfield and into the arms of her beloved . At least for the Red Sox fans among us .
Formulaic attempt at romantic comedy . Fallon and his fellow Red Sox fans are dumber and more unrealistic than the jerks in beer commercials .
A sweet diversion that scores a base hit at every trip to the plate .
the pacing is clumsy , the script is numb , and there is an alarming lack of chemistry between the two stars .
The Farrellys , New Englanders by birth , love the Red Sox so much that they forgive their lead character a multitude of sins that , in any of their other movies , they 'd be too gentlemanly -LRB- and too humane -RRB- to ever allow .
Suffers from oddly clunky pacing and long , talky passages of little verbal dexterity and zero interest , import or impact .
A romantic comedy with the ultimate in feelgood endings .
This romantic comedy about a guy , a girl and the Boston Red Sox is surprisingly sweet .
A romantic comedy that flirts with something serious but never gets past the flirting stage .
Less a salute to the Boston Red Sox 's 2004 World Series triumph -LRB- after 86 years of famously ` cursed ' agony -RRB- than a miniaturized Fenway Park in a Beantown video game , with Jimmy Fallon as mascot and Drew Barrymore as cheerleader .
Never gets much higher than an average 98.6 degrees .
Fallon is rather good , too , by the way -- his self-effacement here becomes him .
You never thought you 'd feel nostalgic for the hair gel joke .
One of those nicely grooved pitches with which even a novice ought to be able to connect .
The screenplay , by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel , struggles to make up for a fundamental lack of suspense .
Rarely approaches a fever pitch . Or even a minor frenzy .
It 's sad to watch the kingpins of gross-out try to dial down to cute . Swung at and missed .
It 's like some baseball games , where a few nice hits or a double play have to sustain you through a lot of long , dull , lifeless innings . Steroids , of course , are bad for baseball . But they might have helped bulk up this movie .
What the movie has , besides an amusing grasp of baseball fanaticism , is the Farrellys ' rare and ingratiating habit of treating all their characters decently .
Screenwriters Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel say they had to rewrite on the fly as the team 's fortunes changed . Pity the whole movie did n't have that urgency of make-it-up-on-the-spot .
Given the gift of the Sox 's amazing ride of 2004 , the filmmakers have ingeniously crafted a narrative that strings a romance along as a parallel to a widely remembered baseball season .
The Curse of the Bambino lives . And by now , it 's spread to the backlot .
What were the odds that the guys who launched their careers with Dumb And Dumber would give us one of the funniest , smartest date movies in years ?
What an adorable , genuinely funny and romantic , delightfully twisted ditty !
A colleague of mine recently described Jimmy Fallon as the perfect romantic comedy ` best friend ' - that is , the guy who cracks wise at all of the romantic lead 's shenanigans .
At the movie 's core is a question that all couples face : How much of one 's identity must a person give up in order to make a relationship work ? The filmmakers show good marketing sense in balancing the romantic elements with sports .
Sometimes hitters can get caught just looking at that curve fall in for a strike , and all they can do is wonder how they fell for something so light . Plenty of people will leave Fever Pitch with that feeling .
The only thing the Farrellys get right is the obsession , but even the most forgiving Red Sox fan will agree their team deserved more than this .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- never as fun to watch as it looks like it was to be there . And it never quite manages to incorporate what we know is an upbeat foregone conclusion with the lovable-loser , maybe-next-year tone of the film .
The Sox won the World Series . Rarely have filmmakers had a more wildly improbable happy ending forced on them . Well , you need all the help you can get , divine or otherwise , when your two stars -- Drew Barrymore and Jimmy Fallon -- have no chemistry .
Can be funny and endearing when you do n't dwell on the black hole that is Jimmy Fallon .
The Farrellys , good New England boys that they are , revel in the baseball minutiae , right down to an opening flashback scene at Fenway Park that shows '70s stars Dwight Evans and Jim Rice during batting practice .
Drew Barrymore and Jimmy Fallon make an appealing on-screen couple in this insightful romantic comedy .
-LSB- The movie -RSB- asks what is truly required of growing up , then splits the emotional difference .
The baseball fan in me was let down ... and I wanted a better , funnier , love story . In other words , they swung for the fences , but just managed a blooper over the infield .
This is definitely Farrelly-lite , or more accurately , Farrelly-soft . Simply put , the movie could use a bit of hair gel .
Merely competent yet still capable of cracking the Friday lineup and playing to big crowds . If this same movie were a baseball player , it could n't make the softball team in a sandlot league .
Fever Pitch definitely could have made a little more effort to veer off the base paths , but the movie slides by easily enough -- even if it 's playing without spikes .
Could this all be a deeper reflection on the male refusal to grow up and his long-told fear of commitment ? Not in this one-dimensional fluff piece .
The Sox tie-in is cute , but it 's nothing new , and obvious comedic bits -LRB- the girls at the gym , saucy talk during dinner , etc. -RRB- are more forced than a runner into second .
It is very wise about men and women , leisure and responsibility .
It gets the job done with a halfhearted bunt rather than a solid line drive .
As longtime Red Sox fans themselves , the Farrellys obviously sweated getting all the little details right . And this is certainly the least crude and most gentle movie they 've been associated with .
What a pleasant surprise to find that , while far from perfect , this movie is endearing and engaging .
If you are a Red Sox fan -LRB- guilty -RRB- , then you will , of course , see Fever Pitch through rose-colored glasses . But sports euphoria aside , as romantic comedies go , this one is pretty sweet and entertaining .
The script by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel introduces the usual crises at the usual points , but they 're legitimate : Though the two leads love each other , they may really be incompatible and mutually destructive .
Fever Pitch is respectful and heartfelt about the problems that come with extreme fandom and how they might impinge on the happiness of a person who could n't care less about Carl Yastrzemski .
Do not make the mistake of thinking it is a baseball movie . It is a movie about how men and women , filled with love and motivated by the best will in the world , simply do not speak the same emotional language .
Even Yankees fans can catch the year 's best romantic comedy -- if they set aside their Sox disgust for two short hours .
... an excellent souvenir of the historic 2004 season for denizens of Red Sox nation
Playing a couple divided by sports and career , Fallon and Barrymore make a great romantic-comedy team .
-LSB- A -RSB- loud , obnoxious collection of pratfalls , testicle jokes , and vomit-eating dogs ...
Fever Pitch is lovable enough that it legs out an infield single almost in spite of its two leads , Jimmy Fallon and Drew Barrymore .
Charming and entertaining thanks to a surprisingly endearing performance by Jimmy Fallon .
This is the kind of smart , embraceable romantic comedy Cary Grant and Katharine Hepburn might have made if they were alive and in their prime today .
They can do it . Peter and Bobby Farrelly can actually make a movie that does n't include one fart joke . Wow .
A thin shell of Hornby 's original work , with a typical threadbare rom-com shoehorned into it , like an eight-hundred pound monster trying to cram itself into a size 30 jacket .
Both funny and a bit gut-wrenching ... ` You 're a romantic , ' Lindsey tells Ben . So , it turns out , are the Farrellys ...
The best Hollywood rom-com since My Best Friend 's Wedding .
conveys that aura of a summer night at the ballpark -- made even better by newfound love
Sadly , Fever Pitch does n't touch on the pathos of being a baseball fan . It 's a romantic comedy where baseball is just in the way , kinda like Jimmy Fallon .
Fever Pitch relaxes too much at the plate , fouling off -LRB- and shaving -RRB- too many balls to get us pumped enough for the next game and likely to be forgotten by the first of May .
The oddest thing of all is that , despite this bizarre mix of chefs , Fever Pitch actually works .
at its best when it offers brief , boisterous glimpses into the strange relationship between fan and team
Other Hornby screen adaptations are About a Boy and High Fidelity -- superb comedies both and , in Fidelity 's case , a treatise on male obsession with far more depth and even more laughs .
Hornby 's tale of sports obsession has become yet another generic romantic comedy .
It 's a prettified view of love , for sure , but as Sox fans would surely attest , sometimes fairy tale dreams do come true .
A moderately enjoyable romantic comedy that does its job as a date movie , but is so innocuous , instantly forgettable and free of the Farrelly brothers ' trademark visual humor that it 's sure to disappoint the directors ' die-hard following .
Fever Pitch may be something short of miraculous , but perhaps it is n't how you play the game that matters after all , as long as you have a `` winning '' personality .
Peter and Bobby Farrelly 's direction is more restrained and more effective than in their trademark wacky films
Even Boston Red Sox fans are likely to turn away in disgust .
The love story is a true microcosm of the emotional rise and fall the Red Sox fans have felt every year for 86 years
Fallon 's a second stringer to Barrymore 's big leagues , but `` Fever Pitch '' is still a winner
It has some heart and some laughs , but the sense of emotional risk has been smoothed down to a formulaic nub .
A movie worth catching .
A dandy , heart-warming , fun-filled date movie - corny but charming .
-LSB- The film -RSB- should have been an easy home run . Instead it scored on a walk .
This thoroughly winning if not especially good romantic comedy by Peter and Bobby Farrelly is loosely based on the Nick Hornby memoir of the same title .
... less of Peter and Bobby Farrelly 's specialty -- the politically incorrect freak show with feeling -- and more of a conventional collection of gags and romance .
The film centers on someone obsessed with a sports team , but the story 's universality lies in the way that it can act as a metaphor of a variety of stumbling blocks in a relationship .
If you know anything about romantic comedies and professional baseball , you will find no surprises in Fever Pitch . But you will find a dandy date movie .
This is , at best , a distinctly low-grade ` Fever . ' If not a foul ball , barely earns a single .
At times , it works brilliantly , bringing the fanatic -LRB- and mostly male -RRB- world of baseball geekdom into collision with the planet where women strive for career success and true love , usually with painful disappointment in one department or the other .
The key to a romantic comedy working is often whether the filmmakers invest the audience in the plight of the main characters . Do we have a rooting interest in these two getting together ? This is something the Farrellys accomplish .
Suffers from imperfect pitch .
The most consistently funny motion picture of the year so far , and also its sweetest . Once over , audiences wo n't so much walk out of the theater as they will float out .
There is a solid romance at its core , one in which we root for the lovers to find a way to stay together because they are so fresh and funny and because the problems they cope with feel real .
Might be the first baseball comedy girls convince their guys to see . By the end , both will be pointing at the screen and saying , ` You see , that 's how I feel about sports . '
`` Fever Pitch '' becomes a pretty insightful take on how much of ourselves we willingly give up when we enter a relationship , and how much we hang onto .
A paean to Boston Red Sox fandom that even a Yankee fan can appreciate .
Even their antiseptic laugh-o-meter approach to screenwriting can not completely wring the sincerity out of Fever Pitch .
It 's frequently amusing and awfully sweet .
A sweet , faux pas-free , Red Sox-adoring love story based on Nick Hornby 's memoir of the same name .
As a feel-good romance , Fever Pitch undoubtedly excels .
The Farrellys get soft and cuddly .
Pitch is a sweet concoction , a valentine to the Red Sox , and a genial romantic comedy . It may not hit a home run , but it has some good hustle to it .
A light-hearted romantic comedy about a young couple trying to sort out their priorities about love . work and sports .
No matter Hornby 's own involvement in bringing Fever Pitch to the screen , the film ranks among the most specious acts of literary adaptation since Troy claimed to have something to do with The Iliad .
The Farrellys , who have n't found their comic stroke since Me , Myself & Irene , make some moves that would make a giant `` E '' pop up on the scoreboard .
It 's been a while since a movie made the game of love this winning .
Neither the cleverness of Hornby 's source material nor the easy Farrelly laughs ... safe but ultimately disappointing .
There are serious issues -- life choices -- at the center of Fever Pitch , the new Farrellys ' comedy , but the film is not funny or witty enough .
... gets by on the same kind of lovable-loser charm that has kept its main character obsessed with the Boston Red Sox since age 7 .
Obsessed fans , you 've won no converts .
Think of Fever Pitch as the phone booth -- though the Kryptonite could be any combination of Ganz & Mandel , Fallon , or Barrymore .
Boilerplate rom-com autopilot . Mealy-mouthed Fallon could 've been a Trekkie or a member of the Kiss Army for all this movie cares about baseball .
This is one of the best movies I 've ever seen about what it means to be a diehard fan .
Fever Pitch is not just some comedy about two people meeting each other halfway , but something greater : a statement about the wheeling and dealing of a tradition .
It feels like a movie that ought to star Adam Sandler , but makes do with Taxi 's metrosexual Jimmy Fallon .
Where 's Adam Sandler when you need him !?!
Still , as mediocre as Barrymore and Fallon are in this movie , we wind up liking them anyway and rooting for them to get their happy ending .

@highlight

While not a home run , Fever Pitch has enough charm and on-screen chemistry between the two leads to make it a solid hit .