Technically and talent-wise , Brave is a fine film and at any other studio would be an instant Oscar contender . At Pixar , it comes off as a first-pass on a much better , deeper film that has yet to manifest .
This is a fun fairy tale rather than a classic one .
It 's really the most sympathetic salute to mothers Disney has released since Freaky Friday .
... `` Brave '' is n't so much about a show of strength as it is about a show of heart ...
It still looks great , the scenery coming alive with richly landscaped hills , jagged peaks and crystalline waterfalls , but rarely has it ever been said of a Pixar film that the visuals are the most compelling part .
As a Pixar production , Brave is perhaps lacking in the usual abundance of wit and wisecracks , but in its place is a reservoir of insight into the mother-daughter dynamic .
Everything here is tied together beautifully , at an inimitably comfortable pace .
With all its spunk and determination , it 's easy to see how close Brave gets to the bull 's eye of Pixar perfection .
Pixar 's 13th full-length film is the studio 's first to feature a female as its central character , and a memorable creation she is , too .
The main problem is that Merida craves adventure but Brave limits her to mother-daughter psychodrama .
By the climax , at which all right-thinking viewers will have dissolved in a puddle of warm appreciation , the new Pixar film has earned two cheers and a big bear hug .
Brave continues the Pixar tradition of blazing new mythical trails . And Merida is perfect as a princess with no pre-feminist baggage to apologize for .
You kinda wish Pixar would have taken some inspiration from the title of Brave , its newest animated feature , and pushed the envelope a bit .
Brave starts as a light and airy fable , but its mood rapidly turns Brothers Grimm dark and delivers a resounding moral of personal responsibility and consequences for actions .
The story for this revisionist fairy tale , which promotes contemporary attitudes about parenting and gender equality , is less inspired than usual for Pixar , but the movie upholds the studio 's high standard of computer animation .
It practically goes without saying that the animation in Brave is frequently breathtaking .
To see a Pixar movie this sloppy , conventional , and slipshod is downright flabbergasting .
The plot - involving a wicked witch , an endangered parent and a race to reverse a spell - is decidedly oxidized . Even the young girl 's unruly mane is the color of rust . But the animation is pure state of the art .
The movie 's thoughtful depiction of the mother-daughter bond is female-forward enough to mark `` Brave '' as special .
Courage , independence and family are all beautifully brought to life by Pixar .
Although the previews would have you believe that the film was an epic journey for the flame-haired firebrand , we are really treated -LRB- or deprived , depending on expectation -RRB- to a humble , small scale morality play .
The freedom quest of a feisty Celtic princess with a jungle of wild red hair .
`` Brave '' is the first foray in fairytale storytelling for `` Pixar , '' and their first contribution to the growing pantheon of Disney princesses . It works so well that we can safely assume that it wo n't be the last fairytale coming out of Emeryville .
The hopping lamp gang has done it again , giving birth to a sharp , fresh fairy tale that in the pantheon of Pixar releases may not go down as a centerpiece , but comes close enough to the bullseye to sate moviegoing subjects kingdom-wide .
Steps outside the boundaries of what seems like a rather conventional tale at the outset , and subsequently elevates itself into something else entirely .
A marvellous magical adventure , that 'll perhaps stand the test of time even better than some of Pixar 's movies we right now call classics .
While it does n't break a lot of new ground , Brave is a beautiful and competent entry in Disney 's robust fairytale film pedigree .
While Brave is a mile ahead of other animated features hitting our screens , it does feel like a lesser Pixar work .
Brave strives above all else to make an emotional connection , and boy does it connect : a hugely atmospheric fairytale of old , it 's Pixar 's most mature movie to date .
Kids will probably enjoy it for its beautiful design , but the adults in the audience will probably be wondering why Pixar decided to skimp on the story this time around .
A film that truly lives up to its name , Brave gives animated princesses a much-needed reboot .
Overflowing with heart , vibrant color , thrilling adventure , and with a bold new protagonist to add to the Disney canon , Pixar 's `` Brave '' is a wonderfully unique spin on the classic princess tale .
The film 's real strength is in the central relationship , which pays off in a way that 's far more delicate and complex than most animated films would dare
In many respects , it 's one of the most mature animated films to come out of Disney or Pixar in their long , storied careers .
The backgrounds are too realistic and there 's no warmth and little magic in the story and the characters .
Strip away the Highland myth and mystery and the heart of the story is a prickly mother-daughter relationship . Just watch the sparks fly when the irresistible force that is a wilful teenager meets the immovable object incarnated by a stubborn mother .
A wonderful piece of cinematic engineering , story and character in perfect harmony .
-LSB- T -RSB- urns the Disney-princess paradigm upside down and inside out ... -LSB- Y -RSB- es , it is possible to tell a story about a female protagonist that is not about finding romance .
Brave is n't quite up there with Up , but it 's still a masterfully-animated , ripping yarn with plenty of cross-generational appeal .
What makes Brave truly special is that , even if it were stripped of its dazzling visuals , laugh-out-loud humour and dynamism , it would remain a clever , arresting and emotionally involving .
No less lovely than former films , in many ways lovelier , but Brave is boutique Pixar : less ambitious , more succinct , excellence at a lower ebb .
A poignant , grandly entertaining 3-D Highland romp that will leave everyone wanting to give mum a big hug .
This is a simpler , more childlike picture than we are used to from the world 's leading animation company , but none the worse for that .
Unsatisfying for all ages .
Cockamamie folklore from a land too distant for Hollywood digimators to strain themselves over authenticity .
With its amusing , endearing characters - particularly Merida 's cute little brothers - Brave is clever , exciting and moving at times .
It may be the most `` Disney '' of Pixar 's efforts but it 's a rousing tale , imbued with a fresh maturity - a brave new world .
No , not another Pixar classic , but for full-on family fun it 's a brave effort .
Brave is easily the best animated feature of the year so far . But it 's not a masterpiece . How dare they ? Boo ! Boo !
More lukewarm haggis than piping-hot broth , Pixar 's 13th feature might fall short , but is still head and hair-covered shoulders above most of its CG competitors .
`` Brave '' lacks that emotional kick classic Pixar has . The animated short beforehand , `` La Luna , '' tapped into that better than `` Brave '' did . `` Brave '' is still worthy of the Pixar name , but fails to take hold of your heartstrings like it should .
When Elinor is gesturing the great story of her daughter 's history and legacy and wonderfulness , literally over the heads of men , Brave represents an experience that so many mothers and daughters have shared , but rarely see in a movie .
Considerando que conta com uma protagonista com imenso potencial , a decepção se torna ainda maior pela oportunidade desperdiçada .
`` Brave '' will provide you and your family a good time , with laughs and a few surprises . If that seems like faint praise , it 's only because Pixar is capable of so much more .
A charming and vibrant new member of the Disney/Pixar stable . And the heroine 's flaming red hair is at last something that makes the fuss over 3D worthwhile .
A perfectly fine effort that lacks the Pixar touch of distinction .
All too often , I felt like I was marking time waiting for the fairly obvious plot to follow its inevitable course .
Merida 's bravery provides the title . But the movie 's real message is in the lengths she goes to repair the damage her words and actions cause to the woman who brought her into the world .
A hugely entertaining , properly magical adventure that 's up there with the best of Pixar and is by turns thrilling , laugh-out-loud funny , genuinely surprising and deeply moving .
Faint praise is all that this movie is worth , but that 's much more than you could say about Cars 2 .
... has the customary supple Pixar animation ... -LSB- but -RSB- the story lacks punch ...
It may not be the hero story that parents expect , or that the title implies ... unexpectedly heavy stuff for a ` kids ' movie . But if not Pixar then who ?
Disney-Pixar was off its game last year with the sequel ` Cars 2 ' , which failed to win an Academy Award for best animated film , an ward Pixar usually owns . Pixar is back with a better effort this year .
a genuinely moving exploration of a complex mother-daughter relationship
Tepid Story Undercuts Brave 's Dynamic Visuals
The story , with its patchwork of plots -LRB- involving feuding clans and disastrous spells -RRB- , holds together enough to thrill intermittently .
The folks at Pixar are skilled enough to make a medieval Scottish royal named Merida -LRB- voiced by Kelly Macdonald , Boardwalk Empire -RRB- seem sympathetic instead of spoiled .
Brave is stock Disney storytelling dressed up with Pixar majesty .
Above all else , Brave is a film about mothers and daughters , and this is one of its strengths .
Brave is as true as an arrow whistling straight towards the centre of its target .
A wonderful film that manages to meld a little old school Disney princess magic with the brains and technical brilliance of Pixar .
Though not on the level of the best of Pixar , it 's still an entertaining movie .
A spunky red haired heroine and truly magical animation make this another winner for Pixar
Not so much a celebration of a young woman 's independence as a paean to the biological obligation and spiritual connection of mother-daughter love .
Story is n't Brave 's strong suit - it relies too heavily on a rather random-feeling deus ex machina - but its gloss , confidence and sense of fun go a long way to compensate .
Brave makes for a passable parable about teenage hubris ... but it is n't as pacy or as entertaining as many of Pixar 's A-grade hits .
That dazzling red hair outshines any story that ` Brave ' attempts to tell .
Merida comes off as a slightly more enlightened version of Jasmine , the discontented princess in Aladdin . And though she does n't need a handsome young prince to make her whole , she ultimately learns that mother -LRB- as a stand-in for father -RRB- knows best .
Eschews the genre 's trademark reliance on facile , saccharine moralism in favour of the robust , no-nonsense and heartfelt nonconformity that runs through all the studio 's best efforts .
Plenty of adventure , laughs and Pixar 's quality animation .
That is the worst thing you can say about the film : it 's a good , solid Disney film . Not a Pixar film .
An excellent movie , and one that I 'd rank among the top half of Pixar 's output thus far .
On the surface , Brave does everything right . It is well thought out , well executed with a great deal of charm and humor ... But for all that effort and skill , the end result is just ... ehh .
Characters being less intelligent than the audience and plot developments that can be seen coming yards away -- this is n't the Pixar I 've come to know .
Brave breaks Disney fairytale legacy and in doing so finally creates believable female characters that form the emotional core to the whimsy , terror and tradition of this magical Celtic tale .
Brave 's wonderful animation , hilarious comedy , excellent voice cast and Pixar 's first female lead character is compromised by its lack-of-faith decision to switch mid-plot to a tired , silly device that 's unworthy of everything that came before it .
Young girls should find some level of identification in Merida 's mischievous nature but also in her feisty independent spirit .
Macdonald is a delight to listen to . She is completely engaging and creates a character that 's passionate , determined , and smart but also occasionally selfish and short-sighted .
Princess Merida comes across as quite fascinating to watch . It would be fun to see a sequel about how she matures as a leader .
Great CGI animation does n't compensate for forgettable characters , an uneven tone , and a banal story that fails to pack enough of a comedic , imaginative and emotional punch .
As with all Pixar efforts , this is visually outstanding , and there 's plenty of rowdy humor to keep audiences entertained . But for a supposedly progressive film , Brave is marked by a notable amount of timidity .
A sweet , spirited action adventure introducing a spunky new teenage princess named Merida .
A gleefully entertaining adventure movie ... and what it lacks in cunning it makes up for in sincerity and crisply defined but still archetypal central characters .
To the list of great computer-generated characters we have enjoyed from Pixar , we can now add the free-spirited Princess Merida of Brave .
With an incredible attention to the little things , Brave is not just Pixar 's first Disney movie , but simply another great Pixar movie .
if you 're going to be sampling your story ideas from somewhere , there are worse places to look than the Disney line of animated films
Though it falls short of the studio 's best in many respects , Brave is ravishing to look at . Merida 's carrot corona is alone worth the price of admission .
The tone is uneven and more often morose than joyful . The pacing is slow and at times almost tedious . The end result is something that feels like it was put together from a jumble of Disney clichés tacked onto the skeleton of Beauty and the Beast .
Saying that Brave is entertaining but not astonishing is pretty much admitting your straight-A student got a B.
It 's a safe experience ; but safe , in this case , is better than sorry .
We 've been conditioned to expect a familiar message : ` Follow your heart ! You can do anything you set your mind to . ' Brave is a rare and wonderful exception .
If you have kids , you 'll want to take them to Brave , and they 'll almost certainly have a good time . If you 're an animation buff , you may have quibbles with the film , which looks great but is n't up to Pixar 's high standards in terms of story .
Pixar returns to form .
` Brave ' is a charming feature that should entice female viewers , and contains enough action and low-brow humor that the male contingent should not feel embarrassed about entering a theater .
There is a surprising beauty to Brave that transcends its visual excellence . This one is worth the risk .
` Brave ' has a lot to recommend it - but there are a few things missing from its mix of playful comedy and sappy testament to family ties .
Feisty mother-daughter princess tale has some scary scenes .
Not as brilliant as other recent Pixar fare , Brave is still a lot of fun . -LRB- Beware the scary bears for youngest viewers -RRB- .
A sweet story , beautifully animated , and one that -- coming on the heels of `` Cars 2 '' -- suggests the magic is back at Pixar .
Perfection is a harsh mistress and as a film from the studio that practically embodies the term , Brave ca n't help but suffer .
I guess what I 'm saying is , Brave is n't transcendent .
Looks great and has some impressive characterizations , it 's quite lacking in the plot department , and is missing that special something
Visually , Brave is as spectacular as you would expect , making it is easy to become immersed in this vibrant and rich world .
`` Brave '' is truly a remarkable adventure in 3-D . The animation is marvelous .
`` Brave '' is not on a par with recent Pixar smashes like `` Up '' or `` Toy Story 3 '' , but it is sufficiently entertaining for kids and adults alike .
The trailers promise a fabulous action flick packed with adventure and comedy . You get some . It 's the 10-zillion slow spots in between that suck the life out of the film .
It 's disappointing that the team of writers , including Andrews and Chapman , failed to redefine what it means to be a heroine in big-budget animation .
The promising first act turns turns into a laborious chase scene . Though beautifully animated and well-scored with authentic Scottish music , we expect that a Pixar tale would be more , um , arrow-dynamic .
When judged against Pixar 's absurdly high standards , Brave does n't fully measure up to the studio 's best work .
Decently entertaining but not in the same mold as Pixar 's classic offerings . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
See it before people spoil it for you .
It 's not brilliant like Ratatouille or Finding Nemo but it 's not a total dud either , like Cars 2 .
Which means it 's as messy in the narrative department as it is impeccably beautiful to look at and live in for two hours .
Look out William Wallace -- Scotland has a new face , and she has a beautifully Brave-heart .
Yes , little kids , especially the undemanding ones , will probably like it but if they were pressed to choose between the two , my guess is that most of them would voice a preference for `` Madagascar 3 . '' Strangely enough , so would I .
As much as it pains me to say it , this is my least favorite Pixar film .
The Pixar name used to mean something . And it never quite meant pleasantly safe , safely forgettable movies like this .
A captivating story filled with drama and a little magic .
`` Brave '' is easy to like but hard to love , a feel-good fable with the latest bells and whistles .
What we get would be fine from another studio , but too safe and familiar for Pixar .
`` Brave '' is n't a bull 's - eye , but it 's close enough .
This Celtic-themed story hews so closely to classic fairy-tale tropes , it 's the studio 's most Disney-fied production yet .
Youngsters with a taste for adventure will no doubt overlook the movie 's workmanlike outlines and applaud its spirited , self-reliant heroine , who proves to be as appealingly unruly as her tumble of Titian curls .
Leave the kindergarteners at home , and take your tween daughter to this one , if she is willing to be seen in public with you .
With the exception of Cars 2 , even an ordinary Pixar film like Brave is better than much of what everyone else is offering .
After the predictably generic first 40 minutes , the movie turns into an unexpected magical journey that was moving in the way we expect Pixar movies to be .
A movie to ogle with wide-eyed deference in between the times we 're furrowing our brows in puzzlement .
Go in with low expectations and you might be pleasantly surprised , but this is n't another Pixar bulls-eye .
Brave has its good points , but they can not make up for what amounts to the weakest story Pixar has assembled to date .
Like a cut-rate `` Tangled '' had there been no adventure for Rapunzel to go on , a villain forgotten about midway through , and lots of hijinks with a bear .
A marked improvement over last year 's underwhelming Cars sequel ...
The strength of spirit embodied in Merida -LRB- expressively voiced by a wonderful Kelly McDonald -RRB- keeps the film afloat when needed .
It 's a lively , psychologically astute tale filled with humanity , wit and charming performances .
It 's a subpar story that seems to exist mainly to sell a new Disney Princess in the form of wild-haired Merida .
A charming but weightless adventure tale .
This Pixar film may not boast the pitch-perfect storytelling of Ratatouille or Incredibles , but it has belly laughs aplenty and a story that 'll resonate like a choir of bagpipes for generations to come .
It was n't enough that Disney already made a direct-to-video sequel to Brother Bear , but now the company that changed the future of animation has gone hopelessly into the past to deliver a story with even less consequence .
In terms of story and emotional power , `` Brave '' comes up short .
I was breathless with anticipation over a Pixar film with a female protagonist.Imagine my disappointment when they gave me another Disney one .
`` Brave '' is not just one of the best movies of the year for any age ; it is one of the best movies ever made from a female point of view .
If the Walt Disney Studios logo were the only one on `` Brave , '' this film 's impeccable visuals and valiant heroine would be enough to call it a success .
I really hope that people will give this imaginative little fairy tale a chance , and I ca n't wait to show it to my 6-year-old daughter .
The technical wizardry on display goes far to save a story that has its heart in the right place but ... -LSB- is -RSB- essentially a boys ' adventure story with a female hero , and mother-daughter bomding replacing the more usual father-son one .
The standout characters , exciting set pieces and memorable songs that we 've come to expect are absent . The truest advertising tagline would be , `` From the studio that brought you ` Cars 2 . ' ''
It 's enjoyable , consistently beautiful , fairly conventional , occasionally surprising and ultimately disappointing .
While co-directors Mark Andrews , Brenda Chapman and Steve Purcell have successfully made a family action fantasy featuring a girl hero - a long-overdue revolution - the story is not as special as the princess inside it .
It still entertains and there 's enough animated detail here to stay invested in the screen antics , but it 's far from the sorely needed fairy tale reimagining the opening promises .
Gorgeous visuals , terrific message , but a decidedly second-tier plot and not a single unforgettable character .
While the character of Merida answers Pixar 's cultural critics emphatically - and offers young girls a spirited wild card to add to their gallery of satin-gowned Disney princesses - the studio has n't imagined a vehicle worthy of her .
After the successive triumphs of the past decade , it 's hard to accept anything less than transcendence from the animation studio .
Finds the studio back on steady , if not exactly earth-shattering ground .
This is a story about mothers and daughters and the ways they clash over basic , seemingly simple things , only to find their ultimate connection in the very things they ca n't change about each other .
It simply never engages you with its grandiose posturing and desperate jokes and trite moralizing .
Shows signs of brilliance - an adventure that is both familiar and fun .
Although Brave is satisfying and spirited and laced with humor -LRB- haggis jokes , kilt jokes -RRB- , it does n't quite mark a return to form for Pixar following the digital house 's disappointing 12th feature , Cars 2 .
A shake-and-bake hybrid of what both studios do best , with the tie going to Disney 's penchant for princesses and appetite for anthropomorphism .
It took a team of four writers to recycle 2nd tier Disney princesses and `` Brother Bear ? '' ... `` Brave '' has done something no other Pixar film has done before - it bored me .
Brave is a rousing , gorgeously animated good time .
A glorious triumph and a fresh new beginning .
-LSB- It has -RSB- Pixar storytelling precision , with its sense of how to pace a movie with -LRB- young -RRB- audience-pleasing action beats , with its ability to replenish its roster of cute , comical supporting characters .
`` Brave '' is less a feminist parable than a child 's wish-fulfillment : Why ca n't Mommy be more like me ?
The core family relationships ring pleasingly true , and the rebellious Merida is , alongside Katniss Everdeen , an intelligent , capable , and empathetic proto-riot grrrl .
While the mother-daughter clashes may make the story `` relatable , '' they drain it of its mythopoetic potential , turning what could have been a cool postmodern fairy tale into another family melodrama .
What is refreshing about Brave is the story 's emphasis on the mother-daughter relationship .
This does n't quite hit the grand heights of recent Pixar creations and overdoes its Scottishness , but it 's beautifully crafted and packed with humour and heart .
In the end it feels that destiny has passed by not just our heroine , but her vehicle too .
Nice enough , but not essential .
Although Pixar purists may not approve , Brave is a wonderful family movie and still a great example of what Pixar does best - smart dialogue and amazing animation with lots of heart .
This is one of the least exciting Pixar films and they 're usually so imaginatively written ; this is pretty banal .
A slightly - dare I say it - cerebral take on the traditional Disney mythos . A major return-to-form for Pixar following the manic CARS 2 .
Merida 's curly red hair is an animator 's dream , but not much else in this rather laboured fairy tale is memorable .
None of this virtuosity makes the story any less dull .
We would expect this kind of overstuffed joyride from Dreamworks Animation or the folks at Fox or even Disney itself . But it 's terribly ordinary for Pixar , and ordinary is no longer enough .
The film wanted to change the animated female 's fate , but it did n't take any risks to do so .
Beautiful character/environment design and spectacular voice work keep Brave a notch above much of the animated competition even if a straightforward story and lack of personality make this one of Pixar 's least accomplished screenplays .
Rip-roaring fairy tale about a Scottish tomboy princess who unwittingly stirs up dark forces is a welcome return to original Pixar fantasy after their recent franchise sequels .
Still better than 90 % of the family entertainment out there . But there 's a whole lot of craftsmanship but not so much magic in Brave .
`` Brave '' offers sweep , a few songs about touching the sky and following your dream and at heart a story of a daughter and a mother learning to cut through society 's expectations .
Brave is fearless .
Represents a minor recovery from the wildly misguided Cars 2 , but Pixar 's latest adventure still suggests a major storytelling downshift that needs fixing now .
Unusual for Pixar , Brave follows an entirely predictable trajectory , but it 's not without its amusements .
It 's a lushly colorful and appealing tale , never quite sublime but always entertaining and often delightful .
Pixar 's films remain rich visual wonderlands , artworks in their own right . But with Brave , the content does n't entirely live up to the rendering .
The good news is that the kids will probably love it , and the bad news is that parents will be disappointed if they 're hoping for another Pixar groundbreaker .
If all Pixar movies really speak to the parents in the audience , then Brave is meant for moms of soon-to-be-tween girls .
It 's not that the vistas are n't gorgeous , that mishaps are n't funny or close calls are n't tense ; they all are , -LSB- but -RSB- the relatively regressive zig-zag story tendencies at play dilute our emotional investment in these characters .
Turns out to be much less about the qualities that mark a heroine built to interest a 21st-century audience of girls , boys , and accompanying adults , and much more about the complexities of mother-daughter relations .
Brave has everything it needs to qualify as a classic Disney fairy tale : a kingdom , a princess , a witch , magic , a big heart , lots of humor and an exciting adventure .
This is not some throwaway bit of commercial claptrap . It 's an honest to goodness yarn with a powerful payoff .
`` Brave '' is either a welcome throwback to old-time animated fairy tales -- albeit one with all the latest high-tech advantages -- or a stalling pattern for Pixar .
Brave is at its best when it 's smartly and charmingly changing what we think think a Disney Princess can be , but it wavers when it tries to somehow reinvent the Pixar wheel .
The writers and animators blend the oafish , brawny Scots humor of `` How to Train Your Dragon '' with the magic of `` The Secret of Kells '' into a story about being brave enough to change your fate .
... what seemed a relatively conventional family film gets downright eccentric .
Moms and girls everywhere deserve this movie , absolutely , and I hope they have a great time . But they also deserve much more , and much better .
The animation studio 's first film with a female protagonist , a defiant lass who acts as a much-welcome corrective to retrograde Disney heroines of the past and the company 's unstoppable pink-princess merchandising .
Merely a dull amalgam of modern Mouse House idiosyncrasies
It 's a rousing adventure and a hilarious comedy , and if its athletic and intelligent leading lady creates a new paradigm for animated features , so much the better .
A good , often entertaining work that kids will love .
Ironically , some critics are complaining about the very thing that makes Brave so refreshing : that it 's not another tale of teen rebellion and parents learning the error of their ways .
While the visual artists here should be commended for a job well done , the story artists need to get a better understanding of what made Pixar so special to begin with .
Pixar is long overdue for a feature with a strong female character at its center . Now that she 's arrived , it 's clear that she deserves better .
For once , the storytelling experts at Pixar have made a movie in which the storytelling is the weakest part .
While not one of Pixar 's best , Brave has considerable merits : gorgeous setting , novel type of heroine , and reworking of sociological concepts , such as the looking glass self and tradition vs. modernity .
Pixar 's latest contribution to the sparsely populated arena of PG-rated animated children 's fare is a droll fairytale built of ancient Celtic myths .
Pixar has its groove back , after the deadly misfire of Cars 2 ... amazing to look at ... genuinely funny .
In addition to being fast , funny , and unpretentious , Brave is a happy antidote to all the recent films in which women triumph by besting men at their own macho games ...
Everything about the first act of Brave suggests a story of independence and following your own path , so it is disappointing when it instead becomes a moralising tale about the importance of obeying your parents .
At a time when the entire industry seems to be running scared , making only the safest of safe bets , ` Brave ' is exactly that , and Pixar should reap the rewards from this act of creative courage in the weeks ahead .
Not of the same calibre as Wall-E , Up or The Incredibles but it 's stellar entertainment harking back to the classic Disney fairytales , while adding some interesting twists .
It is a fine movie but it was n't as witty , clever or funny as the other Pixar movies ... and I wanted the lead character Mereda to be memorable like Belle from Beauty and the Beast or Ariel from the mermaid movie . and she 's just not ... she 's forgettable .
This was not the story that I was expecting or hoping for . Without giving anything away , bears figure prominently into this , more so than I would have liked . And I 'm a fan of bears .
A grizzly bear playing charades is one of the funniest moments in this enchanting 3D Pixar animation set in the rugged Scottish highlands in which myths , traditions and matters of the heart are shaken like a cocktail
Pixar , a once-complex house of stories , has been downgraded to the happy meal alternative : `` Brave '' is a movie for six-year-olds .
Brave unfortunately wastes the studio 's most winsome protagonist on their least interesting narrative .
Pixar 's latest ultimately offers nothing more than a caricature of a well-worn conceit .
BRAVE would be a pretty good Dreamworks movie , but with the Pixar history we hope for so much more .
Though it features some of the most exquisite animation ever put to film , it falls short of the benchmark set by the peerless triptych of Ratatouille , WALL-E , and Up released at the end of the last decade .
While a technical marvel , Brave is ultimately a lesser effort from a studio known for breaking new ground with such modern classics as Up , Toy Story , WALL-E and Finding Nemo .
Adding a female director to its creative boys ' club , the studio has fashioned a resonant tribute to mother-daughter relationships that packs a level of poignancy on par with such beloved male-bonding classics as Finding Nemo .
Pixar return to their tear jerking , narrative absorbing best with Brave , a rousing tale about the blessings and consequences of breaking with tradition , and the love between mothers and daughters .
A film that starts off big and promising but diminishes into a rather wee thing as it chugs along , with climactic drama that is both too conveniently wrapped up and hinges on magical elements that are somewhat confusing to boot .
Amiable , action-packed without being overbearing about it , and marked by a new level of visual complexity , even by Pixar standards , Brave peddles a pleasant but somewhat conventional tale with assurance and panache .
While Brave may occasionally shy away from darker territory in order to retain its appeal for even the youngest of audiences , there are still plenty of ` big ' ideas here for small minds to think about .

@highlight

Brave offers young audiences and fairy tale fans a rousing , funny fantasy adventure with a distaff twist and surprising depth .