The breakout star here is Nelson , who practically forces a smile on your face at regular intervals .
Land Ho ! 's success is found in its small observations and flawless , off-beat leads .
Stephens and Katz basically rely on the immense screen charisma of their two principals , which largely bails them out .
Unassuming and amiable , this road-trip buddy comedy ... belongs squarely in the sub-genre of very-low-budget American indies with untrained actors and improvised dialogue that has been dubbed mumblecore .
In their 60s and on the road
`` Land Ho ! '' is a high-spirited and life-affirming film about drinking life down to the last drop . `` Do n't get that Sunday afternoon attitude , '' Mitch admonishes Colin near the end of the trip . `` It ai n't over with yet . ''
... no huge emotional payoff here -LRB- the film 's shambling nature reminds me of the Dutch documentary Ne me quite pas , about two aging working-class alcoholics -RRB- , just an hour and a half of pleasant company .
Land Ho ! feels like the perfect combination of scripted dialogue and off-the-cuff improvisation .
The scenery is gorgeous , the mood is upbeat and your traveling companions are interesting fellows .
The scenery is lovely , the performances are pleasant , and it 's the kind of movie it 's hard to imagine anyone walking out of . It 's nice . Yeah : It 's nice .
Land Ho ! delights because it is n't trying to make too much of itself . It 's simply a fun movie about two guys who will admit they 're getting older , but are damn sure not getting old .
We 're happy to go along for the ride with the film 's odd couple , who make for interesting character studies -- and , besides , the scenery is stunning . Just do n't expect that much will have been accomplished or changed by the time the curtain closes .
The results are an amiable , somewhat rambling film that 's certainly not going to change your life but does provide a pleasing 95 minutes at the movies .
Nothing much happens in Land Ho ! , which is sometimes charming and sometimes frustrating .
Earl Lynn Nelson is a force of nature as Mitch , a loud , boisterous scene-stealer who breathes comic life into this otherwise low-key road-trip dramedy .
Eenhoorn brings an understated wry quality to his performance that nicely counterbalances Nelson 's unflagging bonhomie .
One of my favorite films so far this year .
-LSB- An -RSB- engaging , low-key character study .
As a performance showcase it 's intriguing simply because Eenhoorn and Nelson barely belong to the same species , so different are they in demeanor .
`` Land Ho ! '' is an indie oddball of a movie that wanders about with two seniors looking to squeeze a bit more out of life . The squeezing is gentle but affirming , just like the film .
A middling , mildly funny slice of senior-citizen life that thrives on its stars , and lags on its accoutrements .
Ho , no .
A genial but meandering tale ... that sneaks up on you if you 'll give it a chance , the charm gradually vwinning you over .
The boisterous Earl Lynn Nelson and the reserved Paul Eenhorn make a fantastic pair of elderly but unbowed misfits abroad .
It 's a visual treat , yet has little else to offer .
A road-trip movie about a couple of guys nearing the end of life 's road , Land Ho ! is a sweetly simple tale that underscores what we already know but too often forget : Adventurism and finding your bliss are not just for the young .
Like most stars of road movies , they 're an odd couple ; unlike most , both the friction between them and their underlying loyalty feel real , not contrived to supply a movie 's dramatic arc .
A marvelous slice of lo-fi whimsy about two duffers , longtime acquaintances in the gray zone between middle age and old age , who up and travel from Kentucky to the Land of Fire and Ice .
A low-key , odd-couple comedy built mostly around Nelson 's coarse ad-libs and Eenhoorn 's sighing reactions .
It 's a warm soak rather than a squirt in the eye .
What the result lacks in polish , it makes up for in charm and originality . It breaks no new ground , but the ground it travels looks and feels freshly tilled .
`` Land Ho ! '' is a tepid little movie that goes almost nowhere , and if I had to sit in that rental car for one more boob joke , I 'd rather jump into a volcano .
The film is gentle and upbeat and life-affirming in a way that some might find saccharine , but I had no such reaction .
Pleasant enough , but it 's too tame for the larger themes about aging and maintaining excitement in one 's later years to hit home .
What 's great about Land Ho ! is also what 's so simple about it .
The procession of amusing incidents carefully enlarges the two main characters , and soon we really care about them .
The movie is pleasant and mostly forgettable , except for the character of Mitch .
Small , unexpected moments elevate Land Ho !
It 's like being subjected to a 90-minute vacation slide show by someone you do n't care about .
Funny , saucy , and periodically sincere enough to launch a perfectly engaging movie with the barest of ingredients .
The scenery sells where the story skimps .
Adjust your expectations accordingly , and take in Nelson and Eenhoorn 's subtle characterizations .
Essentially , it is mumblecore for the older set . Or you could call it `` My Dinner With No One I 'm Familiar With . ''
The filmmakers do n't presume to reinvent the recognizably shopworn two-guys-on a-trip scenario . Instead they simply relax into it , as one might gradually and gratefully lower oneself into an arctic hot spring .
You realize fairly early in the film that there will be no emotional payoff . Just an hour and a half of vacation photos in motion .
The road-trip comedy is well-traveled territory , especially in indie films . But there 's something unexpectedly refreshing about `` Land Ho ! ''
This intermittently funny , sometimes touching tale of two senior citizens who seize the day when they 're not getting on each others nerves is most consistent as an Icelandic travelogue .
The juxtaposition of mundane silliness and those primordial , mythic landscapes proves unexpectedly magical .
Land Ho ! makes it possible to engage with its subjects ' pathos and experience their sense of renewal along with them , and concludes with the lingering sense that their adventure has only just begun .
The gorgeous scene stealer in this gentle-spirited road movie is the country of Iceland , depicted in breathtaking wide-angle shots by cinematographer Andrew Reed .
Tthe backdrops may be stunning and the people met interesting but they are never allowed to upstage the central friendship .
Its scenic wonders , off-kilter humor and pathos , and the unforced chemistry between its two central characters and the actors who play them will appeal to an audience broader than the senior-ticket set -LRB- of which I am one -RRB- .
Yes , this is yet another bromance , but for people who remember when that was just called friendship .
What turns the trip around , though , for the odd couple and for us , is their bond of deep friendship , and the slow thawing of their frozen lives in a chilly climate .
Land Ho ! is well worth an expedition to the movie theater .
A well-meaning , good-souled , essentially naïve dud .
It 's very Sony Pictures Classics , which is not necessarily a bad thing . I just wish there was a little more to it , that 's all .
I thought the little idiosyncrasies ... were worth the trip through the same-old-same-old narrative beats that served as their skeleton .
Offbeat buddy comedy has language , drinking , some drugs .
`` Land Ho ! '' is both a small film and an unabashed wannabe crowd pleaser , but it 's also one whose subtle capturing of behavior and longing resonates with clarity that stays with you .
`` Land Ho '' is a sneaky delight , built out of small smiles and little incidents .
` Land Ho ! ' filmmakers Martha Stephens and Aaron Katz created a stir with this one at Sundance , however ...
The film is a shining beacon on the surface , extremely likable on first impression however , your care and investment in the characters take a steady decline early on .
But do n't be misled by its simple premise . `` Land Ho ! '' is full of surprises , rich in the way it noses around the rocky terrain of aging in an indifferent world through the engaging performances of its two stars .
Land Ho ! walks and talks like a hand-held indie , except that it keeps making these funny skips into horror comedy and the musical .
There 's no denying the deepening effect of a movie in which two older men , with their creases and sags , white and thinning hair , inhabit so much screen time .
But Stevens and Katz give naturalism a bad name by making it boring . Land Ho ! intends to affirm that even for the graying population , life offers surprises , renewals , fun . Sadly , they 're only experienced by the gents onscreen .
Good films have sprung from more ludicrous notions . But an eccentric , inappropriate relative on a road trip is not quite enough to pin a film on .
`` Land Ho ! '' is a low-budget , character-driven story - a grand tour of small moments whose poignancy lies in restraint . The lack of narrative fireworks is , oddly , the movie 's big gimmick .
Land Ho ! feints toward pathos and perversity , only to decide that it 's better off giving us abridged , postcard emotions .
The film 's various episodes , while always endearing , are seldom funny or wistful enough to justify belaboring its purpose .
Mainly , Land Ho ! avoids schmaltz to get at that rarest of male timber : rekindled hearts .
Slow as Christmas , but the two protagonists grow on you , like a Virginia creeper vine climbing a garden wall .
Not much happens , apart from observing two very different men on a journey of self reckoning .
The film has a deeply likable surface , never forcing its poignancy on the viewer . Like a lot of vacations , there are no revelations in `` Land Ho ! '' -- just destinations .
Without making a meal out of it or getting remotely sentimental , ` Land Ho ! ' reminds one that people remain people till the day they die .
Not a lot of incident , not much action , but warm chemistry between the stars and lovely Icelandic settings are what make this buddy picture glow
A gently amusing odyssey with two old gents on the road in Iceland .
A charming comical confection and an enticing Islandic travelogue ...
Land Ho ! works wonders as a pro-tourism ad for Iceland 's gorgeous landscape , but in terms of story , feels forced and unnatural during raunchier moments .
So tediously dull as to make one wish you can break away from your movie companions to seek your own adventures in these sharply beautiful northern climes
Delightful comedy about two elderly gents who renew their friendship during a trip to Iceland .
A wonderful and quirky film about two quite different seventy-somethings and their adventures during a trip to Iceland .
That the filmmakers consistently catch the nuances of character that bind the two men to each other , rather than simply tracing the pros and cons of their dispositions , is what gives the film its melancholic yet vibrant resonance .
Gorgeous photography of the Icelandic countryside makes this an even more effective tourism advertisement for the country than The Secret Life of Walter Mitty .
It 's a sublime film , wonderfully styled , and one that makes me entirely confident in announcing -LSB- Aaron -RSB- Katz as one American cinema 's most vital , invigorating , and masterful modern voices .
Paul Eenhoorn and Earl Lynn Nelson give pitch-perfect performances in this gently elegiac road comedy from helmers Martha Stephens and Aaron Katz .
Sublimely enjoyable , but never digs deep enough to give itself much weight .
It 's a funny and moving film about aging , but it 's also a wacky journey across Iceland with two characters who are instantly likable and ultimately quite lovable .
While Land Ho ! is easy to admire and appreciate in its quiet observations and tender form , the movie 's restraint is such that it travels distances , but never quite gets to its destination in a way that 's ever truly moving or engrossing .

@highlight

Gently amusing and agreeably modest in scale , Land Ho ! uses its stars ' warm chemistry to impart its poignant , quietly effective message .