The rest is easily summarized : the Polar Express arrives , Hero Boy and some other dead-eyed zombie children get onboard ... we reach the real Santa , who exists , and drops a little silver bell from his sleigh , which the boy later finds .
The trailers and TV commercials for The Polar Express do n't do justice to the breathtaking artistry of the film .
The schmaltz content gets higher and higher , as if administered through a drip feed , until by the end we are drowning in sucrose .
People in Hollywood should never work with children or animals , W.C. Fields once said . Maybe that should be expanded to hyper-realistic computer-generated children and reindeer , too .
As a spectacle , The Polar Express looks remarkable . As a film , however , it 's the equivalent of an elaborately wrapped Christmas present containing a nice new pair of socks .
Tom Hanks -LRB- in a number of roles -RRB- and the other actors do a nice job of voicing their parts , but the waxy animated faces they 've been given are off-putting .
At some point very early in the 3-D IMAX version of The Polar Express , technology trumps banality and you helplessly surrender to the shock and awe of this big , often thunderous movie .
They say it 's better to travel than to arrive and that 's definitely the case with the latest CG ` toon to pull into cinemas .
Though heartfelt , the film tries too hard to dazzle and thrill rather than echo its own message : just believe .
Director Robert Zemeckis once again harnesses a new technology to an engaging fable in this digitally animated adaptation of Chris Van Allsburg 's holiday tale .
Though the emotion feels contrived , that 's nothing compared to the flashy set pieces and meticulous detail , which do more to flaunt the technology than move along the story .
A train wreck of mind-numbing proportions .
The best kids ' holiday movie in years .
Even when you look past the unnecessary dangers that the dehumanized child characters in `` The Polar Express '' experience , you 're left with a hammered-home theme that says you must believe in a lie to be satisfied on a personal level .
Polar Express combines good storytelling with spectacular visuals .
Digital data produced by adult actors wearing special suits spring to life as both adult and kid characters in this dreamy , surreal adaptation of Chris Van Allsburg 's popular 29-page storybook .
Nearly as much a movie advocating a belief in Santa Claus as a belief in the real existence of CGI animated characters , the film is at once mystifying and uninvolving .
Cynics will sneeze in shock ; children , young and old , will cuddle up and dream along .
As a complete package , Zemeckis ' surreal , hallucinogenic adventure is pretty inconsequential .
More like Night of the Living Dead .
What the book does so deliriously , and what the movie only hints at , is that time-honored belief that , as a child , anything is possible and magical characters like Santa Claus and the emotions they represent will last forever .
The animation looks like an oil painting come to life and the overall viewing experience is awe inspiring .
... might better be called The Bipolar Express , with so much that is sweet and light on the one hand and so much that is tiring and humdrum on the other .
Unfortunately , Zemeckis has allowed his technical-savvy , circus-like movie to lose touch with its human charcaters , resulting in a cold and distanced animation .
How many kids do you know who would find comfort in a homeless ghost who drinks his own sock juice ?
... the IMAX Corporation would do well to have this available every year in 3D . They have finally come upon their staple film .
The Polar Express seems overly concerned with aping real life instead of creating its own universe .
People will be polarized by this well-oiled machine of a family holiday vehicle .
Strap yourself in and try not to vomit , because this is more of a theme-park event than a movie -- Pirates of the Caribbean in reverse , a wild ride stripped of its story , down to a rattling series of obvious , underwhelming effects .
The story is quite simple , but the well-written script keeps the story moving at a decent pace .
Despite some technical pizzazz , this flick ends up leaving viewers as cold as the North Pole itself .
A warm fuzzy for the holidays
Sure , it 's overly saccharine and desperately overblown , and the film loses momentum well before the end , but it 's hard not to get into the spirit and enjoy it .
A failed and lifeless experiment in which everything goes wrong .
To help the viewer accept the creepily lifelike quality of the animated characters , the filmmakers fill in the background with beautifully illustrated vistas , dark and mysterious , greatly resembling the original paintings Van Allsburg did for his book .
Besides its dead-eyed cast , this ` animated ' escapade is thrown off the tracks by pointless detours seemingly intended just to stretch the journey time .
On Donner , on Blitzen , on Tron .
Utterly enchanting -LRB- and ` enchanting ' is n't a word I often use -RRB-
Enchanting , if disconcerting , feel-good fare loaded with predictable , wholesome messages but crammed with enough Christmas wonderment to off-set the saccharine .
Unfortunately , the journey proves far more interesting than the destination .
Zemeckis had a chance to do something truly wonderful . Instead , he slaps together something depressingly mediocre .
Tem imenso potencial para se tornar um daqueles clássicos obrigatórios nas festas de fim de ano .
Maravillosas secuencias ubérrimas de color y magia .
a deeply confused Hollywood rendering of childhood innocence by way of computer-generated roller-coaster thrills
And while this is a technological advancement , the system still needs improvement . The characters at times look and feel unnatural , their eyes are missing their sparkle .
Frequently exciting , a little scary ... and rather sweet at times . Actually , it 's mostly over-sweet .
Artwork is beautiful , there are some good songs , but the characters lack expressiveness .
While the scenic visuals are incredible ... the character animation , presumably intended to be realistic and yet have a storybook feel , is at times somewhat creepy .
The world of the movie is the stuff of childhood fancy , but it never engages us in that transcendent way that brings even the most hardened adults into its imagination .
The positives are more technological than character driven , which has been the problem that director Robert Zemeckis has faced since he won the Oscar for Forrest Gump .
has good intentions , but does n't quite succeed because its animation style is a little too inadvertently creepy for a mainstream Christmas flick
My first response was that I had just seen the world 's first Christmas horror movie .
This praiseworthy film has been awarded highest honors from Puissant Guide and All-Fertile Giftgiver Kris Kringle .
I found the film satisfying and a good `` G '' rated film the whole family can enjoy .
Everything is so nearly real , down to the characters ' hair fluttering in the icy wind , that it 's uneasily surreal , the way that clowns scare tots more than they amuse them .
Children will be enthralled but for adults the book is better .
Its rich characters , spectacular visuals , and unbridled sense of awe and wonder make this the kind of movie families will want to watch together every holiday season .
Adopting `` performance capture '' animation technique , the heartwarming Christmas classic tale is presented here as distanced and cold as its title . **
Go in preparation for the upcoming holiday season ; do n't go expecting groundbreaking CGI ...
... an unbelievable ride on a truly magical train . This is a film that must be seen on the big screen .
The Polar Express is a spectacular train ride from start to finish . The movie is much more than an awesome visual experience , however ... it also has plenty of heart .
In terms of awesome spectacle , the movie delivers and should really be viewed as it was meant to be : In 3-D IMAX .
In a word , it 's soulless .
Its storybook look and early energy is enthralling , but the end message is not so much that believing keeps you young as it does guarantee membership in an important club .
The numerous kids in the audience responded with rapt attention and applause at the end , so it 's safe to say your kids will love it .
Some books are n't meant to be made into movies . This is one of them .
In the end , the computer wizardry palls , but the story 's heart chugs on triumphantly .
A real snoozer .
... An early and unexpectedly intelligent gift .
A film creepy as it is uncreative , The Polar Express creates a filmmaking experience that gives us Steven Tyler as a singing elf .
Watch out , all you kids who do n't believe in Santa . You will believe . Or else .
If you have a chance to see the 3-D IMAX version of the movie , ignore any objections .
The film falls short of present expectation .
Truth be told , there were a few scenes when it felt like this movie could have been more aptly described as a Halloween trick than a Christmas treat .
It 's utterly sincere in its storytelling ... but -LSB- overuses shallow , vague , and sentimental -RSB- platitudes until we weary of the word ` believe . '
A truly satisfying holiday picture , the kind everyone can enjoy , and which may even restore a little lost childhood in many adult viewers .
Zemeckis stuffs his holiday package with roller-coaster thrills , sticky songs , Jewish elves and a Santa Claus that either looks like Zeus or a pot-bellied monster .
Frankly put , this film does not look good . It creates a bizarre , ugly world where everything seems more than a little bit off .
Except for children , who might find this a breathless gift , the film 's personality is defined by its locomotive : showmanship .
It 's a kind , gentle and sweet holiday confection .
Certain moments will amaze ... but these new digital characters very often look stiff and spooky , like a wax museum dummy that you could swear just moved .
Its single best scene ... comes courtesy of the vastly superior , similarly themed , thirty minute UK animation , `` The Snowman . ''
Modeled upon real actors though the movie 's characters are , they lack the communicative power of genuine human expression . Frankly , they 're creepy .
Aerosmith 's Steven Tyler is an elf ? How cool is that !?
No matter where you stand on the jolly guy in the red suit , believe this . The Polar Express is the most magical , captivating animated Christmas adventure of all time .
Outstanding visual effects struggle to overwhelm a flawed film .
Anytime a movie is this dependent on new technology , it becomes a science fair exhibit for what works and what does n't about the process .
All the shiny images in the world ca n't hide the emptiness of the narrative .
The Polar Express is like the coolest train set a kid ever had .
The Polar Express is a stunningly gorgeous work of visual art .
Oddly off-putting and belabored .
It takes major issues of belief and loneliness and -LRB- implied -RRB- child abuse and turns them into a Hallmark card .
It 's visually astonishing and mostly engaging , but ultimately lacks the one quality essential for a true holiday classic : genuine warmth .
Once one looks away from the people to gaze at the gorgeous landscapes and fabulous objects , one feels transported by the film .
Without a trace of real live people , you get special effects that are not special , visual talking points without personality , virtual reality that is anything but real .
As a general rule , I like to keep my Christmas fables Steven Tyler-free .
Another powerful children 's story dulled into mediocrity by the worship of technology .
Many moviegoers may find its colors and effects delightful enough to make the experience a thrill . Look beyond the tinsel , though , and you may be disappointed .
Faithful to its source but stretches it to the snapping point .
The Polar Express ' ... Visually stunning ! '
The latest chapter in ground-breaking animation .
With so many resources behind it , you 'd think they could have come up with something truly spectacular on every point .
Une somptueuse adaptation d'un livre pour enfants Chris Van Allsburg .
The first spectacular surprise of this holiday season .
It 's dazzling and enchanting , and will get everybody 's holiday season off on the right foot . Bu make sure your kids have read the book first .
This labor-intensive , high-tech , multimillion-dollar enterprise suffers in ironic contrast next to the spare elegance of Van Allsburg 's oil pastel storybook .
The Polar Express is the most expensive vanity project ever made .
Absolutely gorgeous , like a storybook brought to life .
The Polar Express will shine its light for decades to come .
Not only do Van Allsburg 's darkly magical illustrations come to glorious life in the film ; so , too , do his familiar words .
Simple and evocative , yet teeming with intriguing visual effects .
the heart of the material remains uncorrupted . ... But the true genius of the filmmakers ' achievement is best appreciated in the 3-D IMAX translation of the movie ...
The film 's tone alternates awkwardly between slightly haunted , bittersweet nostalgia for childhood innocence and an aggressive , antic cheer that smacks of trying much too hard to convince everyone they 're having fun .
If I were a kid , I 'd have nightmares . Come to think of it , I did anyway .
Despite the lack of human warmth , this thrill ride is indeed thrilling -- and probably even more spectacular in IMAX theaters .
Its heart is in the right place , and its bell should ring for many enchanted children in its audience .
Barrels across the trackless landscape of our affections , arriving where no one would have thought to look for a big-budget Hollywood movie : in the terrain of the heart .
An enchanting , beautiful and brilliantly imagined film that constitutes a technological breakthrough .
It 's too mechanical in its perfection and too driven and premeditated in its attempts to impress us to muster the warmth and good cheer for which it 's also striving .
All the fine writing , Hanks ' astonishing range of performances and the breathtaking visuals would n't mean a thing if I did n't tear up just a little at the finale . But I did .
Visually , taking its cues -LRB- mostly -RRB- from Van Allsburg 's Hopperesque art , The Polar Express is eye-popping . Storywise , however , it can be eyelid-drooping .
Seeing it may not become an annual tradition , but the children in your life will still be happy that you took them .
The Polar Express is like a CGI Under Siege 2 but with less heart . At least Under Siege 2 had the stuff with Steven Seagal and his niece .
Climb on and you 'll experience one of the great joys of moviegoing : seeing something that 's like nothing you 've ever seen before .
Watching the dead-eyed population of Polar Express and their supposedly ` natural ' movements made me think more of Gollum in `` The Lord of the Rings '' than anything associated with Christmas .
A botched technological experiment of Tron proportions , cold , remote and creepy rather than engaging , warm and jolly .
Devoid of 21st-century irony , this visually stunning , action-packed yuletide treat is sweet and , yes , magical in a way that will enchant kids and give older viewers a twinge of nostalgia .
It 's a sensation -- both a milestone in computer-animation and a likely Christmas classic .
The key to enjoying this unique experiment rests , fittingly , on whether you are willing to set aside your own skepticism and go along with the movie 's well-meaning and unmistakably original spirit . If so , it can truly be an exhilarating ride .
Anyone older than , say , 10 , might have trouble hearing the Christmas bells . That does n't make you a Grinch -- just a true believer in good storytelling .
Yet another case of Hollywood taking a slight , charming , deeply satisfying book -LRB- Chris Van Allsburg 's Caldecott-winning title is only 29 pages long , and 26 of those are illustrations -RRB- and inflating it into a ponderous movie .
The Polar Express really is whimsy itself , in its most glorious , pure state .
Accept the process Zemeckis and Hanks have chosen and the journey they take you on is wondrous .
I loved watching this movie ; I loved even more watching children hugging mothers watching this movie .
Not overly sappy or preachy , this movie also has the power make you bawl your eyes out , so pack the tissues .
Zombies have their place , but not in Christmas movies .
Looks as reassuringly retro as a 1950s Lionel train set still in its original box .
Lacks the warmth or edginess that it so desperately needs .
Although it occasionally makes us feel as if whimsy has been run over by a train , Polar Express achieves some genuine enchantment , offering just enough storybook comfort to keep from flying off the rails .
Polar Express honors its source , then exceeds it .
The source material has been broadened with great respect and tenderness , while the illustrations that made the book so special have served as inspiration for some of the most beautiful computer-generated imagery ever .
Those human characters in the film come across as downright ... well , creepy . So The Polar Express is at best disconcerting , and at worst , a wee bit horrifying .
While the 29 pages of -LSB- Van Allsburg 's -RSB- mini-classic would have made a superb half-hour TV special , Zemeckis and writer William Broyles Jr. have created a steroidal monster with a heart about one size too small .
A holiday oddity of the first rank : a breathtaking visual feast peopled by dead-eyed mannequins .
It is a cold , distant and failed experiment , with a molasses-mired plotline and an obvious moral forced upon us like a mug of bad eggnog .
Robert Zemeckis has taken Chris Van Allsburg 's beloved book and transformed it into a painting of breathtaking beauty but also an animated tale that 's stilted and stiff .
I could probably have tolerated the incessant jitteriness of The Polar Express if the look of it did n't give me the creeps .
There 's a deeper , shivery tone , instead of the mindless jolliness of the usual Christmas movie .
I only wish there were more of the disorienting -- more of the silently , hypnotically Van Allsburgian -- and less of the flat , linear , polished , technical brilliance with which this big-ticket vehicle runs its route .
Lacking a human touch here and there , The Polar Express is still a brilliant effort in CGI-animation and will certainly evoke the Christmas spirit in us all .
Now it can be said , Santa Claus is a fascist dictator who likes to kidnap and endanger children so that they can learn the true value of Christmas .
It takes a funny pair of glasses to turn a mediocre Christmas tale into an eye-popping spectacle .
Watching it is sort of like being slammed over the head for 105 minutes with a mallet made of marzipan .
Either the year 's worst children 's film or its best horror flick .
The animation is beautiful to look at ; it 's drawn to enhance the magic of the story but the music they added was distracting .
A marvelous screen adaptation of the Chris Van Allsburg Christmas classic about one of the great enduring mysteries of the universe -- Santa Claus .
Zemeckis is a pro , and the movie should be a hit . Just make sure your kids still believe you afterward .
The film 's only fatal failing is its inability to make any of the characters seem real . Most of them are downright creepy in their doll-like inexpressiveness .
Santa 's home is not a magical fairyland , merely a quaint European-style city with winding cobblestone streets and -- I am not making this up -- canned Christmas muzak .
-LSB- A -RSB- n advertisement for the Runaway Polar Express theme-park attraction surely coming soon to a Six Flags near you .
Good work for the sake of good work -- it delivers something I 'll readily admit is enjoyable , but not easily embraceable .
The stilted animation ca n't keep up with Hanks ' effervescence . ... Besides , all the vivacity in the world ca n't help a movie that has no story .
Destined to become a perennial holiday favorite with the young and young at heart .
The Polar Express is the grandest WOW experience I 've had in this world of film since the original Toy Story . It 's like discovering Pixar all over again .
Robert Zemeckis furthers his reputation as a groundbreaking filmmaker , guiding Express to charming holiday merriment and many other unexpected delights .
For a book with no characters or plot , The Polar Express makes a surprisingly smooth transition to the movies .
While entertaining and exciting , Polar Express ultimately is not very enriching , and its emotional climax is particularly empty .
Combine the dead eyes with the shiny skin and Polar Express becomes a Christmas pageant enacted by the kids from Village of the Damned after being dipped in wax .
A delightful tale guaranteed to enthrall viewers of all ages .
Based on the children 's book by Chris Van Allsburg , this computer-animated feature is a grave and disappointing failure , as much of imagination as of technology .
Entertaining and innovative animated film .
Most parents and children will be enthralled and enchanted by the positive themes it promotes .
There is wonder for us to cherish , courtesy of a spectacular visual sense . But there are also moments that deliver shock and awe instead , sequences of such exhausting , turbocharged jeopardy that it seems like we 've wandered into a Jerry Bruckheimer movie .
A wondrous , dazzling , eye-popping adventure .
The Polar Express is a stunning technological achievement and , for the most part , a stirring emotional one .
The movie seems determined to be an instant Christmas classic , but its idea of seasonal awe comes straight off a factory conveyor belt .
The characters share the same creepy , dead-behind-the-eyes look of the robots in The Hall of Presidents at Disney World . Or Kate Hudson .
Many will hail this as a classic , but a better bet for seasonal cheer would be a screening of Santa Claus Conquers the Martians under the influence of spiked eggnog .
Upon arriving at in the ... North Pole , -LSB- the movie -RSB- becomes a behind-the-scenes adventure that captures a certain wonder the computer-created characters can not on their own .
Beautifully evokes the aphorism that childhood is a magical time .
Unnervingly smooth , mouths moving in strange , even frightening formations , the Polar people are the least convincing things on-screen , glaring impostors amid the otherwise painstakingly rendered scenery .
A singularly charmless technical exercise desperately trying to become a holiday classic .
It 's hard to know how much of that intense martial creepiness is intended as satire , and how much of it is just what lies beneath .
Zemeckis would rather perfect the breathtaking journey of a lost train ticket than craft an accurate human response to a child 's face-to-face with St. Nick
Promoting wonder and desire as an antidote for conformity -LRB- and an answer to life -RRB- , Zemeckis delivers the rare sensation of seeing a movie for the first time .
A series of great special effects lost in search of a story ... fans of the book will be disappointed .
The Polar Express remains true to the book , including the bittersweet final image .
A charming meditation on the inherent cynicism of growing old .
The filmmakers shake up this Christmas scene snowy glass ball and , through the magic of 3-D , allow you to step inside as the snow silently falls .
Designed to ensure good dreams for every viewer , it should be a Christmas standard from now until , at least , the next democratic president is elected .
` The Polar Express ' is a rare Christmas gift for all ages .
Awesome and dazzling ! Tom Hanks - even in CG - sure knows how to act !
A Christmas Classic
An endlessly magical experience . One could n't ask for a movie more pure and genuine . In a single word , The Polar Express is a masterpiece .
Polar Express 's CGI effects are more frightening than endearing , another artificial composite of the film 's `` blockbuster '' agenda .
Hanks pours it on with a heart-wrenching , tear-inducing , 4-boxes-of-tissues final narration that made the toughest and most cynical of audience members weep -LRB- I 'm only human -RRB- .
A major cinematic breakthrough .
Technically dazzling , thematically rich , and filled to the brim with holiday warmth , `` The Polar Express '' is an instant holiday classic . Climb aboard !
a rich feast for the eye , the mind , and even the spirit ... a glorious evocation of ... childlike wonder and whole-hearted ability to be swept away by magic
The Polar Express may succeed via the motion-capture process in replicating human movement by digitalizing the performances of live actors , but it fails to capture the subtlety of facial expressions or to fabricate sympathetic , evocative figures .
The film is not sheer wizardry ; it also has heart .
The message is seasonally bright and works well enough as a throwaway holiday movie .

@highlight

Though the movie is visually stunning overall , the animation for the human characters is n't lifelike enough , and the story is padded .