Directed and written by first-time feature filmmaker Sean Durkin , Martha is relentless in its unsettled tone , simmering throughout at a feverish level .
Despite its well-learned manoeuvres , Martha Marcy May Marlene remains solidly within the genre territory ... ultimately having little to say about its charged subjects beyond the sum of its largely well-turned effects .
Watching -LSB- Elizabeth Olsen -RSB- add layer after layer to Martha/Marcy May/Marlene is riveting .
` Martha Marcy May Marlene ' is the vehicle with which the youngest Olsen sister moves out of her famous older twin siblings ' shadows , and establishes herself as the serious artist of the family . She 's magnificent .
Durkin 's swaggeringly confident film utilizes long takes and tension within compositions to conjure an all-consuming sense of unease .
In quiet , intimate ways , it is one of the most startling , haunting films you 'll see all year .
Durkin intersperses the present-day scenes with increasingly revelatory flashbacks from Martha 's two years in the cult .
The beauty of Olsen 's star-making performance is inarguable .
Martha is a cipher in the mounting drama , but Olsen manages to give her real life with a sort of reverse charisma , curling her physical beauty into poses of aggression or loss .
A moody , atmospheric study in paranoia and tension .
In a world lacking trust , every movement seems a threat , around every corner lurks betrayal .
Durkin 's direction is strong and assured and due to it , we get a fresh and exciting film that serves as a nice debut for Elizabeth Olsen .
With a diegesis mapped along the mental contours of its protagonist , Martha Marcy May Marlene harkens back to Pasolini 's notion of the cinema of poetry -- and achieves it beautifully .
Olsen , in a captivating , career-making performance , makes Martha awkward and inscrutable , sexual yet innocent ... She makes the journey a mesmerizing and chilling experience and turns a cryptic film into an unforgettable one .
A subtle , yet challenging , character drama with stand-out performances and some truly beautiful camerawork .
Martha Marcy May Marlene might not have campaign funding or grandstanding performances , but it has heart and soul , two qualities which are slowly corrupted throughout for your viewing pleasure .
A disturbing psychological drama that 's guaranteed to rack up more and more followers as its menacing message is spread .
A brilliant exploration of the destructive power of cult conditioning .
It may not be a fun film to watch , or one that you 'd care to repeat very often - but it 's a necessary experience .
Neither the thriller the trailer suggests , not the feminine , visual poem the poster suggests , this is a film about loss of self that is absolutely clear about its own identity
This is a very real and very chilling look at cult behavior , and it 's understandable how this can unnerve parents who worry a lot about their adult children .
This is a troubling portrait of how fear and abuse leave their tentacles in everything they touch - and a haunting one at that .
Olsen delivers an amazing performance and it 's tragic seeing her go from a gorgeous young woman to a beautiful basket case . A must see . I 've never seen a film that generates such a high level of anxiety by doing so little .
The masterstroke is that Durkin only reveals why Martha is so messed up in flashbacks constructed to mirror her fractured mental state . Olsen plays it with a chilling amount of honesty and the movie creeps up on you and leaves you completely paranoid .
The performance of Olsen , effortlessly moving between playful girlishness , catatonia and hysterical paranoia , is remarkable .
MMMM emphasizes the social and economic discrepancies between Martha 's then and now , and alludes to Lucy 's guilt about not being there for her younger sister in the past .
full review at Movies for the Masses
This could have been retitled `` Cognitive Dissonance : The Movie '' .
The title sounds like a demented worshipper counting her beads , which is perhaps not entirely inaccurate .
Like the ordeals of the central character , the film flickers powerfully in the memory .
Mesmerising .
It will stay with you long after watching . Guaranteed .
A slippery thriller about fugitive states , and not knowing where you belong , or even who you are .
It 's a brave and engrossing performance from Olsen . Sadly outside of that , the film fails to deliver a satisfying climax .
Olsen puts in a fantastic , natural performance in a film which is shocking at times as it builds to a disturbing conclusion .
Durkin 's intelligent , hypnotic and compelling film echoes Martha 's fractured mental state , so as the events of the past are slowly revealed , we 're never sure whether they are real or imagined .
It 's acted and directed like a sensitive drama , rather than a scary movie , and is all the scarier for it .
A psychological thriller premised on the self-contagion , and schizoid to-ings and fro-ings , of a mind suffering spiritual culture shock .
Sean Durkin 's debut is a creepy , tense and ambiguous piece of work .
This film has both the strengths and weaknesses of the psychological thriller genre . Mental states are hard to depict . The strength of the genre is that it serves as a showcase for actors . It is a mixed bag , but it does deliver a heavy dose of creepiness .
Both filmmaker and star stand to benefit from this excellent and somewhat mesmerising , if fearful and a touch ambiguous psychological ride .
Looking deep into the psyche of this troubled individual , Durkin is n't offering any easy answers ... and nor should he be .
Suspenseful , memorable , thought-provoking and psychologically credible , brilliantly acted all round .
This year 's Winter 's Bone ?
Sean Durkin 's astonishingly assured debut as writer/director is a haunting meditation on identity , manipulation and abuse .
Once we 've got over the frustration of this promising film 's abrupt ending , we 're left with the feeling that you can escape a cult but you ca n't escape yourself .
Writer-director Sean Durkin 's psychological thriller is first woozily unsettling and then coolly shocking . Olsen and Hawkes are remarkable .
Rough around the edges and too ambiguous for some tastes , this is grim but clever , insidiously creepy and affecting .
A movie for film lovers who can handle disturbing subjects about the human condition and do not feel the need to see a cute puppy in every film
It 's a star turn from Elizabeth Olsen , whose vulnerable presence and gripping performance impacts as the narrative with its jagged edges of paranoia unfolds
But most of all it is a film about the choices we make and how they define us , in the end asking questions about trust and togetherness difficult to grapple with and even harder to find a comfortable answer to .
The film 's already gut-wrenching sense of paranoia and dread is wholly accentuated by Elizabeth Olsen 's searing , nuanced breakthrough performance .
A stunningly assured , elegantly crafted and profoundly disturbing portrait of a traumatised mind ...
Hypnotic and profoundly disturbing . I think this psychological thriller is one of the year 's best films .
Deliberate in pace and haunting in nature .
A really cleverly made movie .
As much as Olson 's incendiary performance reveals her individualism and true power as a career woman and artist , it also exposes her as an enticing dish served up .
Writer-director Sean Durkin shows he 's a master storyteller . Elizabeth Olsen immerses herself in her subtle , creepy role with all the resonant evil the nightmarish screenplay needs .
` Indie ' is a marketing label that gives lazy films credibility . ` Martha Marcy May Marlene ' is the perfect example . Every flaw can be summed up with : ` Well , it 's an indie ! '
One of the indie gems of 2011 .
With one tight frame after another -- faces close up and figures murky underwater , events viewed through windows and doorways -- Martha Marcy May Marlene conveys the limits of what you can know .
The most unsettling and outright disturbing film of the year .
There 's plenty of meaningful staring and teary acts of mental distortion , but insight ? Not in this remote art-house effort , a feature that prefers to exhibit pain instead of understanding it .
A chilling offbeat nightmare film about the sinister nature of cult groups who recruit troubled girls .
I do not think this is a bad movie . I merely think it 's not a movie for me . I neither enjoyed it , nor did I feel like it had anything of note to say .
Olsen shows us the contradicting emotions churning in Martha , suggesting each emotion subtly with a flick of her eyes or a twist of her mouth . Her deeply felt , haunting performance , and the movie , are very hard to shake .
Every society has its traps , the film suggests . ... But they 're not equally corrupt . There 's a clear sign hanging over the road less traveled , and it says ` Wrong Way . '
Thought you 'd never live to see the words `` Olsen sister '' and `` awards buzz '' in the same sentence ? Get used to it .
An implacably creepy little thriller .
As the film peels layers of mystery , it suggests -- not entirely persuasively -- that its heroine 's alternate lifestyles both represent cults , of a type .
Three names for the same woman , one bestowed at birth , the others by a Manson-like cult leader . Playing her in each disturbed phase is Elizabeth Olsen , previously known only as the younger sister of Mary Kate and Ashley . Not after this performance .
This is a quality creepy drama . There is power in the subject , and absolute power in the performances of Olsen and Hawkes .
The ending will be loved by many , loathed by an equal amount ; I feel there were better ways to conclude the story , but I understand that it comes with the art-house territory .
Despite the standout acting from Olsen and Hawkes , this movie 's disturbing violent and sexual content is painful to sit through . You will find yourself checking your watch and saying enough already to the grim subject matter that makes this an immensely . .
Elizabeth Olsen is terrific in this dark and twisted search for self .
A mediocre film at best , the film is being heralded for what is truly its best feature : the breakout performance by newcomer Elizabeth Olsen -LRB- gratuitous mention that she is the younger sister of the famed Olsen twins -RRB- .
America , meet Elizabeth Olsen .
The way Durkin allows the dead-eyed , flank-faced Olsen 's life then and now to subtly bleed into each other creates an unsettling sense of ambiguity , dissonance and uncertainty throughout .
Martha Marcy burns itself into our memory banks .
Olsen gives a riveting , challenging performance . A taut psychological thriller .
If she keeps this up , twenty years from now the Olsen twins will be footnotes to Elizabeth 's biography , not the other way around .
-LSB- T -RSB- he rarity of what Martha attempts -- and succeeds wildly at ... makes it so enormously satisfying , if disconcerting ... There is no easy rescue here . There is no revenge .
Assured , strikingly well acted , and grippingly directed -- the best American narrative debut of 2011 .
A purposely disturbing portrait of a damaged psyche .
Durkin depicts a horror that some among us actually live , where the search for family leads to something familiar and dangerous .
At least , though the insights here are n't as plentiful as Durkin seems to think , Olsen 's fine work as the off-balance , paranoid anti-hero helps to create that illusion .
Durkin , working with cinematographer Jody Lee Lipes and editor Zachary Stuart-Pontier , masterfully sustains an aura of oppressive threat throughout .
`` Martha Marcy May Marlene '' will stick with you .
A study in tension , dread and carefully built anxiety
The sort of indie whose single goal is to make you feel so bad when it 's done that you must have just seen something good .
`` Martha Marcy May Marlene '' is an off-putting title , and I suspect that 's deliberate . The drama about a troubled woman is intended to keep you off-balance for its entire running time .
Durkin offers the most persuasively believable peek into the psyche of such a character I 've ever seen .
Sean Durkin 's compulsively watchable first film is a psychological thriller camouflaged as an Ingmar Bergman-style country-house drama .
... centers on a cult , and by the movie 's end you feel as if you 've been indoctrinated .
Hawkes is , as ever , outstanding . But Olsen is a wonder .
The horror aesthetic of B-movie producer Val Lewton -- that the unseen is more frightening than the seen -- is carried to a merciless extreme in this unnerving debut feature by writer-director Sean Durkin .
A tidy and compelling psychological thriller by writer-director Sean Durkin that deftly charts one woman 's shattered psyche .
Sophomoric psychology and stereotypical social models cemented by wooden acting .
` Martha ' should earn new Olsen sister a cult following .
A stealth horror film that delves deeper into Martha 's inner troubles than many filmgoers might wish to go .
Durkin lures us into the world of the cult slowly , just as Martha was , and the additive effect of gradually introducing its more extreme aspects is nearly imperceptible , yet as constricting as a slowly tightening vice .
Olsen is so good as a person coping with the aftermath of physical and psychological abuse that the movie has made her an ` overnight sensation ' .
A hushed , mesmerizing story .
... nothing more than a showcase for several stirring performances ...
Please give the film editor , Zachary Stuart-Pontier , an Oscar right now . With brilliant editing , great performances and great direction , this film will stick with you .
A subtle , sporadically powerful portrait of a young woman in turmoil . But unfortunately its fractured , elliptical form -- while defensible from a stylistic perspective -- ultimately undermines its effectiveness as drama .
A mysterious and haunting psychological drama that slowly but surely grabs viewers thanks to an intriguing and subtly complex screenplay . strong and confident direction and , courtesy of newcomer Elizabeth Olsen , one of the year 's very best performances .
Durkin confidently escalates the psychological tension , easing visual elements into the frame to trigger Martha 's tangled memories .
Olsen 's performance is a triumph of constraint .
Shot in long , quiet takes of bucolic idylls , `` Martha Marcy May Marlene '' sneaks up on viewers with a barely perceptible sense of oncoming dread .
Durkin 's pacing is methodical , giving a lulling sensation that offsets Martha 's anguish .
This is Eiizabeth Olsen 's picture all the way ; she is such the captivating centerpiece that everyone else should feel lucky to be in her orbit .
Masterful .
The term psychological thriller has never been so aptly applied as it is here .
Lizzie turns in a stunning performance in her first feature length film , one that bodes extremely well for this 22-year-old California-born actress .
Two long hours of murky photography and slow-motion storytelling , in which the audience is always 10 scenes ahead of the action .
Sean Durkin 's debut feature gets under your skin and burrows there ; you ca n't quite shake it off .
The film has its gimmicky aspects but Olsen is haunting : She grounds the slim premise and makes it worthwhile .
Olsen inhabits Martha 's broken world completely . And at the movie 's end - a jarring , boldly ambiguous end - we 're in her head , too , not sure what is real , and what is not .
Though very well-acted , the story collapses under the weight of its own disjointed melancholia .
Olsen makes all of this seem vividly real , and each of her scenes is alive with tension , so that Durkin 's nonlinear , episodic narrative never really flags .
Almost opaque in its refusal to reveal its characters ' inner lives , but Olsen 's quiet , controlled performance is spellbinding even as it resists easy explanations .
Olsen and Hawkes , who has a beautiful , terrifying musical performance , are especially chilling in a film packed with moments that can be described that way .
Durkin immerses the viewer in a fluid state of psychological dissolution , keeping us very close to one woman 's experience in a cult by any other name .
Olsen 's unlined face is like the unbroken water of a deep lake , reflecting both innocence and guile as she maintains a marvelous and inscrutable presence .
A good film , ambitious and effective , introducing a gifted young actress and a director whose work I 'll anticipate .
Durkin eschews the sensationalism so often associated with cults in favor of an intimate , psychological portrayal of the confusion , fear and mistrust someone in Martha 's situation might experience .
First-time feature director Sean Durkin combines an understated style with an unaffected performance from Elizabeth Olsen with superlative results .
Olsen and Paulson explore their tender ambivalence , depicting the alienation and bonding of sibling experience with an insight and intimacy not often seen on the screen .
Disquieting indie drama reveals the cost of cult life .
Ultimately , script , style and performance coalesce in Martha Marcy May Marlene for a riveting yet excruciating viewing experience .
This movie haunted me for days ; it felt like it left an icky residue on my mind and soul , and I did n't enjoy it . Those who like being creeped out by movies will disagree .
This shivery account of the fallout from a creepy cult on a young woman deftly combines the horror-thriller genre with naturalistic drama and marks the arrival of a gifted young director .
A compelling film about the visceral facts of the depressing , confusing , exciting , terrifying moment that its protagonist is stuck in .
Thoughtfully conceived and executed with clockwork precision .
An engrossing dream-state film , something just short of a horror movie .
Olsen nails her perpetual state of worry so keenly that it elevates her struggle to the scale of existential tragedy .
Even if it had nothing else to offer , Martha Marcy May Marlene would be worth seeing to witness the debut of an extraordinary young actress , Elizabeth Olsen ...
Good Beginning , Bad ending , viewers should n't have to write the end of a movie .
The film 's concept is riveting , and Hawkes delivers a pitch-perfect performance - making it all the more unfortunate to see the movie ultimately trip up in its execution .
It 's not hard to see why Martha Marcy May Marlene was such a huge hit at Sundance , where competence breeds hype and a strong performance becomes synonymous with a strong movie .
`` Martha Marcy May Marlene '' is n't much of a movie , but it 's a great introduction .
It can be harsh , it can be shocking but it keeps your attention throughout
It 's a one-two punch of understated , often blank-faced , indie film distance and a maddening we 're - not-talking-about-what 's - really-going-on dissonance .
The movie keeps your brain alive and hopping , gathering bits of information , looking to piece clues together , and all at a speed agreed upon between filmmaker and viewer .
Two enthralling new talents announce themselves in `` Martha Marcy May Marlene . ''
First-time filmmaker Sean Durkin , who also wrote the screenplay , has a confident voice and a clear vision .
Gets at something deeply unsettling about the human condition .
`` Martha Marcy May Marlene '' is an utterly gripping ride that will keep you guessing until the last second about what is real and what imagined , and whether Martha has entirely snapped the tether of sanity .
The story hinges on a believable lead performance , and Olsen is mesmerizing in her first film role . She starts out wide-eyed and vulnerable and eventually assumes the look of a captive , communicating raw paranoia with subtle gestures .
It 's one thing for a work of art to ambiguously reveal depths of emotion and meaning ; it 's something else again to dangle the promise of meaning that never arrives .
A confidently spooky indie debut .
It slowly but assuredly packs on the dread and the discomfort in a style that Roman Polanski would admire , resulting in the kind of movie you can feel tensing up the base of your spine .
Elizabeth Olsen gives a sensational performance in a gripping psychological thriller , from gifted first-time writer-director Sean Durkin .
genuinely haunting
What writer-director Sean Durkin has given us is an existential thriller about identity and just how tenuous a grasp we have on who we really are .
A bit too coy , too clever and too diffident to believe in .
Casting by Randi Glass and Susan Shopmaker is inventive and inspired , a mix of speciality names and unknowns who meld together just so , and Elizabeth Olsen blazes as the scared and damaged girl who 's slipping into psychosis .
With a disturbing tone and skilful filmmaking , this insinuating drama completely unsettles us as it delves into the mental life of its central character . And it has a lot to say about how relationships affect us .
One of the ingenious things about Martha Marcy May Marlene is how precisely the film is constructed , constantly drawing you in closer while making you dread what 's coming .
The confusion of Martha Marcy May Marlene proves effective , not sloppy .
Ms. Olsen , a revelation throughout , feeds every scene with poignancy . It 's an alarming but gratifying achievement .
Mystifying psychological drama , mixing the feeling of belonging with the sensation of still feeling lost .
The haunting film that serves as a coming-out party for a startling young talent , Elizabeth Olsen . . unsettling and accomplished .
See it for Olsen 's breakthrough performance and Durkin 's keen cinematic eye .
An imaginative psychological study of a woman torn between two ways of life .
A lesser movie might hammer home the idea that the cult squashes Martha 's sense of self . This distinctive and haunting effort implies something much scarier : that there is no self to start with .
Even if you think your brain is soap-proof , Durkin succeeds in washing it just a little bit .
A deft , old-school psychological thriller -LRB- or perhaps horror film -RRB- that relies mainly on the power of suggestion and memories of hippie cult crazies .
Martha Marcy May Marlene stands among the best films of 2011 .
The big problem with the movie is the filmmakers forgot to tell a story with a beginning , a middle , and an end .
Olsen handles the emotionally demanding role with the grace of a seasoned pro ... with her star-making turn guaranteed to be remembered come awards time .
An ambiguous , yet startling tale of post-cult trauma .
The movie successfully keeps you guessing throughout as the young woman 's memories vividly flash by and the truth is that you 'll still be guessing as the credits roll .
Martha Marcy May Marlene is superbly acted and assembled , but it is also entirely terrifying , and deeply disquieting , building a mood of paranoia with both intense , brutal transgressions and small , creepy touches of tone .
Marked by patient long-takes and the uneasy quietude that accompanies Martha 's constant disconnect from her surrounding environment , Martha derives much of its power from a stark visual style that 's easily readable as the sum of its part .
An unusually unsettling experience , designed to leave you as haunted as its heroine .
That the film works so effectively is in large part due to the terrific performances by Olsen and Hawkes and the way they play off each other .
While not a perfect film , anyone with even a vague interest in the subject matter should n't be disappointed .
Like -LSB- Michael -RSB- Haneke , Durkin -- remarkably , making his first feature -- specializes not in apocalyptic grandeur but in the creak and the tinkle of the uncanny .
The non-ending turns the whole movie into an elaborate tease , too creepy to dismiss , too shallow to justify its `` ambiguities . ''
Sean Durkin sensitively but insistently strums one string on his acoustic guitar of cinema , then another , then back again .
a model of restraint and cool control , writer/director Sean Durkin and lead actress Elizabeth Olsen eschew easy thrills and familiar movie comforts for truly unsettling internal horrors .
It is n't something to be enjoyed per se , rather experienced , and thanks to Elizabeth Olsen 's natural performance , that experience is downright profound .
The picture gets us all knotted up and uncomfortable , particularly since it takes a while to fully grasp the dark places that it 's going to go .
I ca n't shake this haunting work , one that increasingly grows in esteem the more I swirl it around my brain . It is undeniably one of the more memorable and intriguing works of 2011 .
Strikingly directed and brilliantly written , this is a deeply disturbing and powerfully moving indie drama with a terrific central performance from newcomer Elizabeth Olsen .
Martha Marcy May Marlene enters so richly into psychological horror it recalls those disturbing dramatizations of Jonestown that were big on TV in the '80s .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Sean Dirkin navigates potentially lurid terrain with a poetic eye .
An entrancing psychological drama that simmers with ominous tension and malformed emotion .
The editing is astonishing , deliberately blurring the time periods depicted in the film so that the recent past continually bleeds into the present , representing the lingering psychological damage done to the protagonist .
I sincerely hope that ... Martha Marcy May Marlene follows in the footsteps of its spiritual sibling -LSB- Winter 's Bone -RSB- , and goes on to collect Oscar nominations for Best Picture , Best Actress and Best Supporting Actor .
Durkin 's film is calm and restrained - but it maintains its atmosphere of escalating dread .
The hugely impressive turn from Olsen makes it worth a look .
Olsen gives a magnificently ambiguous performance that will instantly eclipse any snarky comments about her famous siblings , and Durkin knows precisely how much information to reveal and how much to leave frighteningly implicit .
A star-making turn from the Olsen twins ' baby sis will put this disturbing drama on the map .
What stands out most in Martha Marcy May Marlene is the supremely assured quality of the filmmaking .
As a moody , atmospheric study of paranoia , it is hard to beat .
The finest film of the 2011 Sundance film fest . One of the few films I 've seen in a while that truly filled me with dread .
One of the more impressive debuts we 've seen in some time , a hypnotic and haunting film that pulls you into its story and keeps your attention while maintaining a steady intensity .
A sensitive treatment of a sensational subject that heralds the arrival of talented tyro Sean Durkin behind the camera and promising new star Elizabeth Olsen .

@highlight

Led by a mesmerizing debut performance from Elizabeth Olsen , Martha Marcy May Marlene is a distinctive , haunting psychological drama .