Overall , Cuban Fury is n't as funny or original as you want it to be , but the cast do an exceptionally job of giving this small , sweet film plenty of heart .
Cuban Fury mostly delivers the kind of funny , silly and delightful comedy as you 'd expect from something `` based on an original idea '' by Nick Frost .
Nick Frost delivers one of the great physical performances of the modern cinema era . Sexually , though , -LSB- Cuban Fury -RSB- is inexplicably playing for a decidedly ` adult humour ' audience , thus eliminating -LRB- ... -RRB- family audiences .
Being about 70 % romantic-comedy and 30 % quirky underdog sports movie , to call the plot of Cuban Fury predictable would be an understatement .
If `` Cuban Fury '' launches Frost into bigger and better films , it 's worth it .
`` Luckily , -LRB- Nick Frost has -RRB- still got enough charm to make most of us overlook the more far-fetched and dumber story elements . And surprisingly , he 's fleet of foot enough to be able to pull off some pretty tricky moves and sequences . ''
Does n't have a personality of its own , in dire need of a more robust collection of laughs and a few less painfully contrived subplots .
As progressive as it might feel for fat guys , losers and salsa stalwarts , it 's rotten for women
No amount of fancy footwork can disguise the sketchy one-joke nature of this British comedy .
It 's not a bad gimmick , but the movie turns tediously sentimental fast .
Rooting for Frost is easy , and that goes a long way toward sustaining Cuban Fury 's palatability .
Overall , this movie is out-of-step .
What Frost lacks in grace on the ballroom floor -- and he 's not bad , mind you -- is more than compensated for by the joyful expression on his face when he 's tripping the light fantastic
Too mild for its own good , a formulaic ` worm turns ' story that does n't take full advantage of its dance milieu .
Nick Frost amuses as a salsa-dancing fool , even if he has no chemistry with co-star Rashida Jones .
For a film that seems to stem from a single joke - i.e. `` a fat guy dances salsa ?? '' - Cuban Fury proves to be bright , brisk , and golden .
The film has enough charm and energy to subvert diminished expectations .
Not to put too fine a point on it , but Rashida Jones ' freckles are one of the great , underappreciated special effects of twenty-first-century motion pictures .
Though it 's all very familiar , the movie also has plenty of warm , tingly energy and many genuine laughs , not to mention some great , exciting dance sequences . It seems like a sure bet for a good date movie .
Too steeped in tropes and genre conventions without daring to color outside the lines .
It 's not the most original screenplay , but it 's rather sweet and quite funny .
Frost proves here he can carry a film on his own , although I would like to see him featured in a better movie .
Ultimately , the film rides on Frost , who carries it with charm , grace and plenty of heart .
The movie 's bright colors are attractive , but the plot is unexceptional and the jokes TV-thin .
It ends up feeling a little like warmed-over Strictly Ballroom without Baz Lurhmann 's over-the-top sense of style .
Predictable , but cute . Chris O'Dowd pretty much steals it .
I do n't know about you , but anything done with an English accent usually seems all the more tolerable for it .
There are moments in `` Cuban Fury , '' lots of them , when you wish it had been about an old Plymouth making taxi runs in Havana .
The funniest part of Cuban Fury is that there 's actually nothing to laugh at . There 's plenty to laugh with instead .
Cuban Fury is a fun routine where it 's the audience , not the performer , who 's counting the steps , knowing exactly where they 're going long before the music ends .
A little more fury might have been a whole lot better .
There 's nothing groundbreaking in `` Cuban Fury , '' but it 's a pleasant diversion starring the always amiable Nick Frost , with Chris O'Dowd relishing his role as a slimeball .
Not that some of this is n't amusing , but you feel the considerable improvisational skills of the cast going to waste .
Jon Brown 's script , while good-natured , is overly predictable . But despite the challenges , Frost proves himself an unexpectedly nimble lead .
-LSB- It -RSB- has its laugh-out-loud moments . Most , unfortunately , come fairly late in the picture .
It wants to be a feel-good movie , but it 's really just a `` feel-meh '' flick .
... like a new sitcom with a great cast that 's so badly conceived and executed it 's yanked after two episodes . Only the genuine sweetness between Frost and Jones and McShane 's wacky casting make this film remotely bearable .
It 's all in good fun , the movie does n't outstay its welcome , and even wallflowers will vouchsafe the feel-good ending .
Do n't let the cheesy title deter you . `` Cuban Fury '' is a thoroughly engaging crowd-pleaser - sweet , quite amusing and even a tad inspiring .
A rather unremarkable , if endearing , entry in the quirky rom-com genre .
Frost is credited with the `` original idea , '' a fanciful phrase given the highly formulaic story , but he and Jones are charming together .
Frost has all it takes to run his own show . Now he just needs a better show .
Cuban Fury has a surprising amount of fun with these acknowledged clichés . At times , the movie has the energy of an Anchorman-style spoof ...
If your movie does n't believe the guy should get the girl , the audience wo n't either .
Cuban Fury feels like the product of a computer program that was fed a dozen screenwriting manuals and synthesized the ultimate generic rom-com .
Playing puppydog-ish for the first time , he brings an air of dignity and relaxation to a movie that , were he not in it , would have only nice music , a few sharp supporting turns and one gut-busting goof on the ` you took my breath away ' cliche going for it .
Though Frost does prove a charming and surprisingly fleet-footed leading man , this lovable loser tale makes some unfortunate missteps .
The film is thin on concept and limited in style , but the filmmakers have the good sense to let their characters remain playful and goofy throughout .
Overall , it 's just enough to send the date-movie crowd home with a smile on their face and a tingle of joy in their heart .
Busts a few minor moves , but not as light on its feet as it wants to be .
While it 's O'Dowd who steals much of the film , Frost proves himself a worthy protagonist and earns a few decent laughs .
What is really remarkable is how a very engaging personality like Chris O'Dowd , given this part , can be so boring and so enervating .
There is something a bit pathetic about this film , particularly in the light of the way the dances are shot .
Comedy of the most risk averse and unimaginative kind .
Cuban Fury is a formulaic , by-the-numbers feel-good dance movie , and as far as formulaic , by-the-numbers feel-good dance movies go , it 's formulaic , it 's by-the-numbers , and it feels pretty good .
It 's understandable that Frost would come up with a project like Cuban Fury as a way of winning our hearts . But he just does n't have the acting skill to pull off the transformation from pathetic sad-sack to salsa king .
He 's -LSB- Frost -RSB- hamstrung by a film that has a comedy 's least desirable quality : predictability .
More grounded than most high concept comedy .
Nick Frost 's ideas may not be all that original , but he knows when he 's got a good one .
If you loved Strictly Ballroom , you will also love Cuban Fury , an upbeat romantic comedy in which the passion of salsa dancing comes from the heart and toes tap to the infectious rhythms and beat of the music
-LSB- A -RSB- limp slog that seeks to combine the glitz of reality dance contests with zero-to-hero rom-comedy .
Silly and cheesy but enormous fun if you 're in the right mood .
A creaky script and televisual direction -LSB- leave -RSB- the increasingly contrived narrative flailing around on the dramatic dancefloor .
I could honestly stare at Nick Frost 's face for hours : he is literally a human teddy bear .
Outrageous gay BF ? US love interest ? Makeover ? Training montage ? Climactic dance contest ? Hi you guys ! Sometimes , though , that 's just wonderfully comforting , innit ?
The plotting itself is clumsy and predictable , and the sub-Office-style jokes are often flat-footed . Frost himself , though , is an engaging screen presence .
It 's a hard premise to buy in to , but there 's plenty of rib-tickling banter between Frost and his co-stars ...
Cuban Fury should be to salsa what Blades of Glory was to ice-skating but Frost insists on playing it straight .
If you can believe in Frost as a former Latin dancing champion , and in a script that frankly is as flabby as our hero , then you might find Cuban Fury modestly diverting .
The need for jokes ... seems to have caught all concerned unawares , although after half an hour or so , you 'd settle for dialogue that was n't actively horrible .
It does n't quite work .
The film is always keen to set up a gag but rarely makes the punchline worth it .
Nick Frost shakes his funky stuff in this likeable if unadventurous British romantic comedy .
Frost seems a bit forlorn without his usual sidekick Simon Pegg but there 's lively support from Chris O'Dowd , Olivia Colman , Ian McShane and Rory Kinnear .
This is the kind of British rom-com that sneaks up on you when you least expect it and leaves you with a huge smile on your face at the end .
The cast is game , and hit the right notes balancing cartoonishness and charm . As sitcom rom-coms go , it 's far from the worst one ever offered to us .
Enjoyable British comedy that succeeds thanks to strong comic performances , likeable characters , a charming script and a lightness of touch .
If there is anything to be taken away from the film too , it 's that if dancing can impress somebody like Rashida Jones , then there may well be a few new members signing up to Zumba classes across the nation .
Counts on its super-game cast to feel their way through a script that , however droll in concept , is surprisingly short on clear punchlines .
Frost is as likeable as ever but it does n't feel like much Latin passion went into the script .
You can dress it up all you want , but there 's no hiding the fact that Cuban Fury is as bland as they come .
Frost and the cast have obviously trained hard to avoid being murder on the dance floor , but the inept script is like Strictly Come Dancing in concrete boots .
Frost 's solo movie lacks the inventive madness of his Cornetto team-ups , but it 's still a heartfelt blast of fun .
Cuban Fury is a comedy that 's fleet of foot and warm of heart , and in Frost it has an engaging and likeable leading man who 's able to pull you along for the ride .
Cuban Fury trips light-footedly between adorable date flick and amusing six-pack movie , not just pulling off an array of difficult moves , but making them look effortless .
-LSB- An -RSB- amiable and rather enjoyable dance comedy ...
If Billy Elliot was about a passion nurtured from a young age , Cuban Fury is what happens when that unlikely passion for movement is lost , and found . It 's as sweet and charming as its cast .
While Cuban Fury is a jolly enough film , you never really feel enough 's at stake here .

@highlight

Nick Frost and Chris O'Dowd remain as undeniably likable as ever , but Cuban Fury saddles them with a contrived and predictable plot that 's far too short on laughs .