Cut down from a four-hour documentary by Vasyukov , the result is a film lacking in catastrophic tragedies of any sort that holds you nonetheless with its raw view of lives spurning quotidian modern comforts with a vengeance .
`` Happy People '' seems to strain toward the notion that harsh nature makes for a pure heart . And perhaps it does for some . But all ?
In a very real sense , we are watching Herzog watch this film , his rapturous reaction illuminating as much about himself as his subjects .
Titling a documentary about snowbound Siberian fur trappers `` Happy People '' is not as ironic as it seems .
Quirky and a little scary and rapturous all at the same time .
It 's not that Happy People is uninteresting ... It 's just that the one sensibility of which we were previously aware -- that of Herzog 's -- is indiscernible , as if frozen beneath all this movie 's ice .
Herzog 's longing for the ideological purity in which these lives are lived , free of paperwork and bureaucracy , taxes and technology , drives the film , which lacks an overall story arc .
Unmistakably part of the director 's canon , and just as unmistakably a minor addition to it .
A stirring meditation on the human spirit in extreme conditions , Happy People also reflects Herzog 's passion and fascination for the often unforgiving nature of the wild .
From Siberia , with Happiness
It 's a minor film from a major director but it 's still a strong one for those interested in its subject matter - how people can still co-exist with and live off the land instead of ignoring or abusing it .
It 's a do-it-yourself world that Herzog clearly admires - much of what we see is the men performing the tasks that enable them to survive .
They decidedly do n't seem happy . And `` Happy People 's '' decision to skate down the frozen Yenisei without examining their unhappiness more closely leaves a slight chill .
Herzog ... continues his streak of well-crafted documentaries with surprising subjects .
If you want a taste of life as it must have been for the Voyageurs of old , this documentary is a good place to start .
Albeit a found film of sorts , Happy People is very much of a piece with Herzog 's other work , examining man 's place in the natural world , looking at man 's history and man 's ability to survive , to endure .
Primarily following one veteran sable trapper through his primitive but fascinating annual routine , the movie also features clouds of mosquitoes thick enough to inspire phantom itching in viewers .
Herzog has become a master of the understatement - knowing just how long the images can sustain you without a word being said .
The quality of the video , solid behind the camera work and the dedication of all involved -LRB- and the wonderful subjects -RRB- make this an uplifting happy story about `` Happy People . ''
Herzog is not insincere . His passion for outsize experience has always captured our essential human identity against big backdrops . He captures it again in `` Happy People , '' but this time with a twist .
The film has a relaxed , matter-of-fact feel .
A cautionary tale of humans adjusting to their environment , instead of attempting to make the environment adjust to them .
They are fun to watch as they shape skis out of tree trunks , and hang out with their dogs .
... we can feel Herzog connect to these men through his narration , especially when describing pure freedom as they go off into the wilderness .
Happy People is an engrossing look at a culture that many viewers have never been exposed to , and as usual , Herzog 's even-paced , accented narration is a joy to listen to .
It 's refreshing to glimpse contemporary people who are the epitome of rustic self-reliance , as we learn how professional trappers build their own cabins , hunt for their own food , and construct their own canoes from tree trunks .
Too quietly uneventful for the big screen and burdened narrationally with Western-civilization pomposity on the purity of unencumbered subsistence life and the sacrosanctity of Nature .
It 's Herzog 's inventive use of voice-over that elevates the film above an extremely well-researched episode of Nature .
Documentary on the life of hunters in Siberia is a welcome antidote for coddled city dwellers who need a reminder that humanity survived before Internet connections .
We should be grateful to Herzog for bringing us this remarkable footage , but the real subject of `` Happy People '' may be his yearning for an imaginary paradise he ca n't have .
It 's clear Mother Nature is the real boss in Bakhtia , and Happy People : A Year in the Taiga documents a few men doing a wary pas de deux with her in a genuinely fascinating and intelligent fashion .
Unlike Werner Herzog 's vintage efforts , Happy People plays like an everyday Discovery channel special .
The latest installment in an auteur 's thematic : the outsider who rejects bourgeois civilization 's empty pleasures . Siberia has never looked so beautiful .
The film is both elegiac and amazingly retro , like the nature specials that baby boomers were weaned on - although it 's not for animal lovers , unless you have a specific grudge against sables .
Mr. Herzog is openly inspired , as ever , by the rugged independence of these resourceful trappers , who seem stoic about everything but their faithful dogs .
What Herzog gleans from Yaskyuov 's exhaustive material is a simple observation : The men of the Taiga are heroes of rugged individualism .
An inspired 94-minute rumination on the hardships and liberties of a remote culture .
There is indeed much beauty on display , from the icy Taiga landscape to the age-old trapping techniques passed on through generations .
Vasyukov and Herzog are united in their fascination with the particulars of how to thrive in some of the harshest conditions on Earth .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- all interesting and quite Nanook-ish , and the summertime mosquito assault can haunt your dreams . But do n't expect the payloads of cosmic irony and mystery Herzog has had occasion to find wherever he goes .
It 's fitting that this film of people making do with what they have should itself look somewhat humble , without lyricism , a work not of beauty but of work-which is the thing that makes it beautiful , no matter who directed it .
It would be inaccurate to call Happy People : A Year in the Taiga the newest Werner Herzog film .
Call it Werner Herzog 's answer to Nanook Of The North .
It feels too much , finally , like a Hinterland Who 's Who instalment writ large , too respectful and plain for its own good ...
The scenes of the river ice buckling and heaving as the spring thaw sets in are among many that display raw and powerful nature .
A year in the wilderness with Werner Herzog as a guide is a unique film experience .

@highlight

Filled with breathtaking images of the foreboding Siberian countryside , Happy People : A Year in the Taiga is a fascinating look at an isolated society .