It 's sort of a stoner art film , and I mean that in the best possible way .
It 's a mildly interesting romance portrayed by two solid actors that is largely overshadowed by its gimmicky effects .
Michel Gondry 's latest endeavor reads like a twisted storybook , weaving realistic tropes with fantastic visions of both the intensely light and the intensely dark .
These surfaces , however splendid , are just surfaces , and we fuse no emotional connection to these characters or this story , not even as an allegory .
You do n't know how tempting it is to review Mood Indigo by simply listing all the visual delights Michel Gondry crams into his newest flight of fancy .
Richly told through Gondry 's signature visual oddities and whimsy , Mood Indigo posits itself as something raw and intensely original .
Amuses , and then over-amuses
The opening scenes are filled with stop-motion animation , a mouse blowing soap bubbles and other delights ; later episodes are dark and ashen . The effect is that of Pee-wee 's Playhouse slowly sinking into the dank tarn that claimed Poe 's House of Usher .
Mood Indigo is , by any sane criteria , a quixotic , even ill-advised folly . There 's a certain overexertion to it all-like Terry Gilliam , Gondry is always compelled to push things that little bit harder when you wish they 'd been handled lightly .
At a time when so much filmmaking is marked by rampant laziness , it 's both refreshing and a little daunting to encounter a film of such nonstop invention and creativity as Mood Indigo .
Gondry has such an incomparable understanding of the way in which strange and unexpected sights can tickle you . What he sometimes lacks as a filmmaker is the awareness that he can tickle an audience to death .
Mood Indigo paints a depressing picture about romance but does so with fabulous , although often-exhausting , style .
It 's such a visual stunner you might well forget how humdrum a story it encompasses .
A never-ending truckload of clever ideas are slapped together confusingly and yet Mood Indigo is still able to unravel the drooping strings of your knitted wool innards in familiar yet welcome fashion .
`` Mood Indigo '' feels both overdone and undercooked - a hectic but sketchy tale of oddball romance that slides inexorably into tragedy .
It 's hard not to take delight in Michel Gondry and his whooshing , bendable universe .
Mood Indigo is unexpected , unusual and unforgettable , and Gondry is well and truly back .
Whimsy underscored by the unsettlingly weird .
Mood Indigo is an excessive , borderline-unwatchable folly , but it 's hard not to admire - and even at moments , revel in - Gondry 's demented enthusiasm .
High kitsch it may be but Mood Indigo is certainly a welcome antidote to the usual terminal illness melodrama .
After a string of projects in America -LRB- including the masterpiece Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind -RRB- , French filmmaker Michel Gondry returns home to let his manic imagination run wild .
Mood Indigo showcases the visual extraordinaire 's most inventive and enchanting filmmaking in a decade .
Watching Michel Gondry 's new movie `` Mood Indigo '' is like being force-fed mounds of parfait by a gang of ice-skating mice .
There 's beauty by the sackful in Mood Indigo , but it takes a good while to figure out exactly what it 's meant to make us feel .
For an hour , the film borders on genius , with playful visuals and unbelievable in-camera effects ...
Delightfully bonkers stop-motion vacuumpunk madness comes to an abrupt halt in this mysteriously truncated version of Michel Gondry 's latest romantic whimsy .
Essentially a quirky version of ` Love Story ' told with all the visual gimcrackery the director can muster -- which is an awful lot .
If you enjoy Gondry 's brand of homemade art direction then there 's plenty to delight early on , but it 's all wallpaper .
A mad mix of what Tex Avery , Rube Goldberg and the silent-film fantasist Georges Melies might have come up with if they 'd put their feverish heads together .
Journeys from the sublime to the heartbreaking as it charts the giddy , intoxicating happiness of a couple in love .
Just the first 10 minutes of Michel Gondry 's latest pillowcase of whimsy , `` Mood Indigo , '' has more invention than most of the movies you 'll see this year .
A droll , demented and slightly depressive tale of doomed love .
It 's a feast for the eyes . It 's an all-you-can-eat buffet for the eyes . But it will not feed you otherwise . Also , there is every chance it will bring you to your knees .
This is a fatalistic fable about aging and loss disguised in ultra-zany wrapping paper .
The inspiration I kept coming back to , with all the stop-motion absurdity and gleeful surreal trappings , is Pee Wee Herman .
Gondry untamed is a visual genius .
The surreal quirks fly like priests in inflatable rockets in the latest melan-comic doodle from the Spotless Mind of Michel Gondry .
An engaging , funny and ultimately moving love story , though the non-stop visual invention and effects work are exhausting to watch .
All the loopiness and spaciness might lead you to think you are not making any emotional investment at all in this baffling and barmy romance . Yet its sadness and poignancy somehow appear , popping up like cartoon flowers .
It 's a dense thatch of superficial brilliance with nothing to hold it up , like Gondry has tried to build a house that 's all roof .
No reality is allowed to sit still before being goosed by surreality .
A brief moment of enchantment , where a chord is struck just perfectly , and the tone just right . However sadly such moments come too few and far between .
Perhaps the saddest episode of Pee-Wee 's Playhouse .
... plays like the creation of Wes Anderson by way of Terry Gilliam with the emotional gravitas of Pee Wee Herman .
Gondry-ites will be seduced , but this is as undisciplined as it is inventive .
While the two leads achieve a pleasant chemistry , all of the visual flourishes seem more like gimmicks after a while .
Everything here has some foundation in the real world , but all of it is tuned to a higher frequency .
It is often conceptually ingenious , but the twisted and bizarre Paris these characters inhabit starts to wear on the storytelling .
The visual pop simply becomes annoying as it truly gets in the way of the storytelling .
Fans of -LSB- director Gondry 's works like -RSB- `` Mood Indigo '' and/or Boris Vian will undoubtedly love the film . But Michel Gondry is an acquired taste that I never acquired .
French filmmaker Michel Gondry has demonstrated time and again that , despite his prodigious visual imagination , he ca n't tell a decent story .
I decided by the end that invention had somehow managed to pry whimsy 's death grip from its throat .
This is Gondry at his most Gondry-esque , for worse and for better .
Mood Indigo deals with serious , adult themes - cancer , in this case - in a way that is both unique in its lightness of touch and profoundly moving .
All of this may sound negative , but I was able to dig a lot of Mood Indigo . It wisely front-loads its weirdness so that you know what you 're in for , then it keeps varying rather than intensifying it .
Michel Gondry goes all out here , bringing both the fanciful wonders and dire circumstances of our couple 's doomed affair to breathtaking , eye-popping life .
Gondry 's unique vision makes Mood Indigo pop like no other filmmaker could .
The overall effect is quite potent thanks to the good-natured , unguarded qualities of the characters as well as the fine performances .
... there is something so deliciously intriguing about the film in spite of its mincing romance that ultimately makes it more than tolerable .
An elaborate , endless clown-car of whirligig contraptions and unreal images , with little bursts of romantic melancholy peeking out here and there .
If it works on you it does so as an exquisitely managed mood piece and an unforgettable visual experience , one that uses fantasy and artifice as a pathway to emotional truth .
Gondry has made a live action cartoon with a rather patchy plot and flat characters , most of whom -LRB- but Tatou and Duris especially -RRB- are way too old to be playing characters who might seem immature even if they were played by teenagers .
... phantasmagorically bilious ... takes surrealism to the nth degree as virtually everything defies not only logic but physics ... so preposterous it 's difficult to develop any empathy .
Imaginative to a fault , whimsical until you say uncle , `` Mood Indigo '' pushes director Michel Gondry 's style of surreal playfulness to its breaking point .
Though the relentlessness of the on-screen antics threatens to wear you out , the film is over before that can quite happen .
A wearying experience that resembles being locked in a very small room with an exceptionally bright , pathologically self-absorbed child who will not shut up or calm down .
Mood Indigo thrives on clutter and near-total loss of control .
There 's so much of so many flavors of cleverness-a surfeit of surfeits-that sensory overload causes aesthetic suffocation .
An irritating over-the-top romantic comedy where all that matters is the gimmickry .
While the narrative falters on occasion , it 's ultimately a visually appealing , thought-provoking , emotional journey .
Thank goodness for director Michel Gondry -LRB- `` Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind '' -RRB- , whose vision is so brazenly , enduringly unique .
Mood Indigo plays like some extreme behavioral experiment , an attempt to determine just how much whimsy , exactly , an audience can endure .
After a while , all that frivolity starts to collapse under its own weight like a fallen soufflé .
Maybe these conceits worked in print , but on film it 's seven layers of sugar-frosted whimsy that would choke Wes Anderson .
It 's a sad tale underneath the trimmings , but the way it 's told is half bewitching and half maddening , so enraptured with its cleverness and artistry that it 's sometimes unintelligible .
Mood Indigo is bitter candy , a heartbreaker that uses sugar as a trap .
... uses handcrafted effects to heighten life 's biggest moments .
Inventively twee , but charmless and heartless
For the most part , Gondry 's overwrought visions repel real feeling .
An excessively whimsical romance that 's undone by cartoonish performances and direction by Michel Gondry that practically bludgeons viewers via cutesy formal trickery .
A delightful romp that initially seems to inhabit a world without death or suffering grows increasingly gloomy , and the first act 's goofy , mind-melting fun gives way to something much more morose .
The film resembles a genius ' workshop filled with old-fashioned toys.Gondry 's visual imagination is so sparkling , it hardly matters that the whimsy overhwhelms the characters .
Makes Wes Anderson 's movies look like grim cinema verité in comparison .
Michel Gondry bungles his adaptation of the Boris Vian novel by indulging in homespun craftwork at the expense of plot and character detail .
The screen is dazzling alive but the visual gimmickry puts you at an emotional remove from the tale being told .
An experience that 's at once emotionally potent and visually delightful .
There are conceits aplenty , but not enough underlying substance or believable characters to render all the wild whimsy attractive or even endurable .
There 's a delicate romance buried within , but Gondry 's endless stop motion tomfoolery and visual jokes prove overwhelming in all the wrong ways .
Mood Indigo will make you wish you 'd paid more attention in high school French class . It 's such a colorful whirr of geegaws and doodads and other strange delights that pausing to read the subtitles means you 'll miss some of the spectacle .
Michel Gondry 's latest movie must be the most Michel Gondry movie I 've ever seen Michel Gondry make .
Mood Indigo is wild , gorgeous and exhausting . It 's the most picturesque nonsense you 'll see this year .
`` Mood Indigo '' perfectly balances Gondry 's ornamental creativity and the verité storytelling of his more recent work , combining refined style and raw emotion into one devastating , beautiful package .
A frothy , dreamlike romantic fantasy spiced by a constant cascade of surprising visual sparks .
As gorgeous as anything you 'll see this year , but emotionally unengaging .
Much like Gondry 's infuriating The Science Of Sleep , this has impressive animation sequences and expensive quirks but eventually proves too much to bear , leaving you feeling that your mind 's turning to paté de foie gras .
For sheer spectacle and audacious originality , Mood Indigo should definitely be seen and applauded .
The nonsensical and surreal journey you are taken on will have you questioning what you just saw , yet at the heart of the film is a story of love and despair that translates across all languages .
Director Michel Gondry 's impressive technical skill and flair proves to be a beautiful match for this tragedy-tinged love story .
Filled with visually arresting invention in virtually every frame , the film draws us into its bizarre , surreal world with humour and zest
There is much to ponder over in this film that sits off the reality chart , allowing the imagination to soar and take flight through Gondry 's fabulous vision
A surrealist pastiche that 's too clever -LRB- or enthusiastic -RRB- for its own good .
... the French filmmaker 's gonzo homemade aesthetic is off the leash entirely , and he shows no mercy in how much gimcrackery he thinks we can handle . In our case anyway , we 're afraid he overestimated .
Everything wilts , but not Michel Gondry 's talents as an imaginative , inimitable , and incisive storyteller .
This over-eager approach will grow tiresome for many viewers but , in its defense , an overload of hand-made creativity feels a lot healthier than watching endless CGI or CGI + 3D assault one 's retinas .
Sy , Maiga and the others play second fiddle not only to the leads but especially to the visual effects , which are indeed impressive , even if quite a few are reminiscent of Gondry 's previous films or musicvids .
Michel Gondry 's surreal Gallic dramedy is less a visual feast than an all-you-can-eat buffet , and one that 's rather hard to consume .

@highlight

Mood Indigo is far from Michel Gondry 's most compelling work , but it does n't skimp on the visual whimsy and heartfelt emotion fans have come to expect .