It 's a handsome production , like most period pieces set in Great Britain , but that 's not enough to make Love & Friendship more than a marginal work .
The average age of an Austen heroine is 19 . Enter Lady Susan , a widowed mother of 40 or so . She is refined , attractive , and boasts a far superior intellect than the friends and family she surrounds herself with .
The dialogue alone offers enough riches to require a second viewing .
-LSB- Whit -RSB- Stillman has finally achieved what he now seems to have always been working towards : the merging of his contemporary bourgeois comedies of errors with the literary precedents that inspired them .
Love and Friendship is very funny , funnier still for its absence of moral reckoning .
Filmmaker -LSB- Whit Stillman -RSB- has learned some of the -LSB- Jane Austen 's -RSB- wit and subtlety , while tossing out the vapid whining that so often mars his modern films .
... it 's an absolute delight .
Writer/director Whit Stillman has a firm grip on satirizing a society 's manners and protocols .
In his adaptation of Austen 's novella Lady Susan , director Whit Stillman manages to bring to the screen a tedious and drawn-out movie that tries too hard and goes nowhere at a snail 's pace ; disappointing is an understatement .
Though the corseted bodices and full skirts suggest an Oscar bait-y period drama , Stillman quickly establishes Love & Friendship as an out-and-out comedy .
The dialogue and satire are worthy of Monty Python .
In the masterful hands of the director and boosted by a deliciously manipulative performance by Kate Beckinsale , this feels like the most refreshing take on Austen 's work ever put on screen .
Love & Friendship may not be traditional Austen , but it 's pretty stellar Stillman .
A lesser-known novel by Jane Austen becomes an auspicious foray into costume drama by Whit Stillman . Kate Beckinsale shines .
Love & Friendship is one of Mr. Metropolitan 's best .
An agile and funny story , with a simple but effective atmosphere . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film where the American director has done an excellent job in translating the novel into dialogues and their interpreters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Halfway through Love & Friendship ... I felt a stab of terrible rage . How had this wonderful book not been adapted before , and why has the hilarious Kate Beckinsale been kept from -LRB- intelligent -RRB- audiences for so long ?
I 've seen Austen adaptations that are more romantic , but few that are so hilarious .
If only all adaptations of Jane Austen were as vibrant and authentic as Love & Friendship .
Pure confection with a nasty little soul , and it 's utterly pleasurable in the way that only pure decadence can be .
The best performance comes from relative unknown Tom Bennett , who makes a fine addition to the all-time great cinematic lunkheads as Sir James Martin , the suitor of Lady Susan 's daughter .
A film that gains interest because of Tom Bennett 's presence , the perfect character for a story full of gossip , appearances and hidden interests . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Susan provides the cutting wit , Sir James the broad comedy and giggling silliness , and filmmaker Stillman the social frame and elegant world to make it all work .
A film where the gestures , the words and what they hide in a subtle way are perfectly interchangeable with the media world of our time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A clever film with a great cast that includes revelations like Xavier Samuel and Tom Bennett . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Stillman keeps it all afloat in a froth of quick wit and beautiful costumes and cinematography .
The trick for Beckinsale was to make it stylish and comedic enough to maintain audience sympathy for such an inscrutable demon , which is actually a bit of an acting tightrope to walk .
A film where the director manages to handle a complicated text , making the necessary adjustments to the script without succumbing to authorial infidelity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Kate Beckinsale is perfect in the leading role of young widow Lady Susan Vernon , a beautiful and cunning woman who makes Machiavelli look like a bumbling innocent when it comes to scheming .
This adaptation of Jane Austen 's novel is a brilliant film about female manipulation . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
More of a piece with Stillman 's other films than with such Austen adaptations as Sense and Sensibility and Emma .
Whit Stillman 's Love & Friendship is a strangely misguided attempt at bringing Jane Austen 's novella `` Lady Susan '' to the big screen .
This is a delightful , entertaining comedy filled with wonderful dialogue .
... has about it something of the feel of a screwball comedy . There 's a bit of Preston Sturges in the film , and while the dialogue is set in period vocabulary , it 's delivered in a way that feels quite modern .
Love & Friendship is magnificent , and anyone saying otherwise is in my eyes one gouty attack away from objectionable ignominy .
Whit Stillman said that his primary filmic influence for Love & Friendship was the Steve Martin and Michael Caine slice of genius Dirty Rotten Scoundrels . Scoundrels would be proud to see the result of his love and friendship .
Tone in Jane Austen is all-important , hinging on a delicate balance between the tender and the sardonic . Whit Stillman captures it perfectly in the trailer for Love & Friendship . In the film itself , the hinge creaks a bit .
Kate Beckinsale takes much of the credit for the film 's success .
Austen did like to have fun with her characters to show the stranger sides we all have . Watching this classy adaptation of one of her lesser-known works will remind you of that , and make you laugh .
With this keenly observed comedy of manners , director Whit Stillman has successfully reimagined the period romance for contemporary audiences . Sharp , funny and briskly paced .
From one of Jane Austen 's lesser-known works -- the posthumously published novella Lady Susan -- springs one of the finest Austen movie adaptations on record .
Beckinsale is the perfect vessel for this dialogue , rattling off completely un-self aware statements and insults that border on the ridiculous with a straight face .
The movie , filled with the beautiful costumes and country real-estate porn that are de rigueur for a story set in this period , is fast-paced and enjoyable from start to finish .
This is about as far from a typical Jane Austen adaptation as you can imagine possible , and only serves to highlight the writer 's sharp wit and ahead-of-her-times sensibilities .
Mildly diverting .
Whit Stillman does n't go far enough , not for me anyway , with his stylised satire about a right bitch of a scheming , lying , selfish woman , Lady Susan Vernon - played to the death by a sparkling Kate Beckinsale
Love , money and convenience engage in a merry dance , in this engaging comedy of manners adapted from Jane Austen 's novella Lady Susan
Wry and witty , Love & Friendship is one of the funniest films of the year , a costume comedy for the ages .
Alas , there 's nobody to root for in any of this : you feel manipulated by Lady Susan , sorry for Frederica , irritated by Reginald , and embarrassed by Sir James .
t seems to me , if you like Whit Stillman 's films , you probably love them . If you truly dislike his humor and preoccupation with the bourgeois lifestyle 's preoccupation with codes of conduct , Love & Friendship might just not be your cup of tea .
It 's a jaunty , spiffy , upbeat and pacy movie , the kind where everyone is too busy being witty , flirtatious and tart to sit down ... a completely worthy addition to the Austen canon by someone who obviously cared very much to contribute .
The requisite tossed-off zingers and genre subversion abound , with Tom Bennett nearly stealing the show as the charmingly rambling Sir James Martin .
Stillman , Beckinsale , and Austen really share the honours here , though , in this witty , watchable , film .
Turns out this strangely titled adaptation , named after another of Austen 's novellas , is n't just delightful good fun , it 's also terribly funny , sharp and dry , and wonderfully brought to life by an irrepressible Kate Beckinsale .
The literary-cinematic marriage between Stillman and Austen is bracingly appropriate .
Wickedly funny adaptation based on Austen novella .
A more fortunate marriage than any suggested in its narrative , Stillman 's first period piece makes a perfect match of Austen 's timeless comedy and the director 's lapidary mise-en-scene .
Whit Stillman might have been Jane Austen in a past life , because the filmmaker 's sense matches the author 's sensibility in this frequently amusing adaptation .
Stillman directs with the zing of a Howard Hawks comedy while his screenplay fluidly reshapes Austen 's formal prose into sharp , accessible dialogue .
Love & Friendship is about little or nothing , yet it exposes to our rushed lives the joys of an era in which people actually talked to each other , not to machines . As a comedy of manners , it delightfully skewers its `` polite society . ''
Beneath the impertinent , literary banter is a sedate - almost cold - vision of cruelty , greed , and selfishness . It recalls Stillman 's The Last Days of Disco -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , but without the soulful warmth of disco music to buoy the characters ' urbane desperation .
To call this adaptation of Jane Austen 's early novella Lady Susan `` a breath of fresh air '' would not do justice to director Whit Stillman 's vicious comedy of manners .
An effervescent work , acute in its comedy , a tonal nudge in the ribs , with a slight , but perceptible vein of wry cynicism .
An engaging spicy rom/com screen adaptation of Lady Susan , Jane Austen 's epistolary novel published posthumously in 1871 .
Lady Susan may be a bad person , but with Austen at her sharpest , Stillman at his snappiest and Beckinsale right on form , she is very good company .
Calling all Jane Austen fans : ` Love & Friendship ' is a do n't - miss .
Love & Friendship is Jane Austen with the romance drained out , exposing the pragmatism and the economic urgency underneath . That sounds grim , but the result is actually a tart , fizzy delight from Metropolitan director Whit Stillman .
There 's enough to enjoy in his adaptation , especially from a dialogue front and particularly from the performances by Bennett and especially Beckinsale who shines in her part . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
Acclaimed filmmaker Whit Stillman reunites the stars of his 1998 drama The Last Days of Disco , Kate Beckinsale and Chloe Sevigny , for what might be the most entertaining big-screen Jane Austen adaptation ever .
Even as he relishes sinuous-sentence lines , Stillman finds a comic sprightliness in his take on Austen . Crafty and exuberant , this film finely dresses up its radical-rebel of a conniving woman in a polished , poised show of eloquent entertainment .
Lady Susan is infuriating in her ability to justify whatever she wants to do and you want all her romantic plans to fail , but Beckinsale nevertheless makes her into delightful company .
The adventures of a world-class schemer and dreamer .
It would be easy to make a movie that condemns Lady Susan , but it 's much more fun to watch her succeed , especially when Stillman surrounds her with people far from her intellectual equal .
It is often laugh-out-loud funny , it 's beautiful to watch -LRB- it was shot around Dublin -RRB- and has far broader appeal than standard period drama .
Love And Friendship proves to be one of the finest ever Austen adaptations .
Snappy , snarky comedy of manners , appealing primarily to women and indefatigable Austen fans .
I 've never been much of a Jane-ite , myself . Converted now , though .
What a treat . Well played , Mr Stillman !
This is a sterling comic role for -LSB- Beckinsale -RSB- , and her timing is split-second perfection .
This is the zingiest Austen adaptation you 'll ever see , with the usual pastel palette and slow decorum abandoned in favour of acid colours and acid remarks , which keep the audience in stitches .
Love & Friendship is highly entertaining , with Austen 's text fitting Stillman 's style like a Regency-era glove .
Stillman 's film unfolds delightfully , is full of fun and wit , and Tom Bennett is superb as the idiotic but inordinately wealthy suitor .
Whit Stillman skillfully weaves the threads of a story that is more witty than audiences might expect .
Beckinsale is excellent as the pragmatically lusty Lady Susan , wrapping every blockhead man around her finger and coiling her tongue through the deadpan barbs of Stillman 's script .
Any doubts that Jane Austen 's novels and Hollywood 's screwball comedies are close cousins is erased by Love & Friendship , a dryly delightful experience .
Why , Mr Stillman , we are driven to conclude that , in your match with Miss Austen , you have engineered a union more perfect than any found in divine nature .
Adapted with great warmth and wit ...
Stillman does n't upend the Austen formula , he burrows into it and embraces all its trappings . The snappy dialogue , meanwhile , rewards a finely tuned ear and will thrill all lovers of language .
The movie is a perfect showcase for Beckinsale , who tears through Austen 's verbiage as thoroughly as her character devours any male in her presence .
It 's a comic triumph with script , cast and performances combining to provide a perfect storm of mannered nastiness and an Austen adaptation that makes Pride + Prejudice + Zombies look positively lifeless .
Love & Friendship is an unexpected delight , a very dry and tremendously witty adaptation of a little known Jane Austen novella .
The jaunty irreverence of Whit Stillman 's adaptation could almost pass as parody but it is delightfully entertaining .
Love & Friendship is quick , clever and delightful , very funny and hugely entertaining .
Love & Friendship is Jane Austen 's world at its most devilishly delightful , with Kate Beckinsale giving the performance of her career as a woman who is a schemer , a fortune-hunter , a silver-tongued devil .
Even though this is a walking and talking film , except in those instances when it 's a sitting and talking film , Stillman keeps everything moving fast , fast , fast while the script crackles and spits and bites .
Stillman is a good-humored jester all through the film . He 's front and center giggling to himself like a barkeeper in the Kingdom of Heaven .
A delightful comic romp that fans of the classic English author will love .
Following many staid and treacly Austen adaptations , this sublime period romp adds a thrilling splash of bemused , acidic humor .
It 's self-consciously mannered and merrily playful ; a mixture that Austen herself might find just right .
Love & Friendship is a refreshing and invigorating delight .
What wicked good fun it is watching this bad girl do her worst .
The love part of Love & Friendship is played for laughs ; love in this era among such people is a business arrangement , not a romantic match .
Most of this film is a joy . It 's Plain Jane compared to some , but its deadpan wit and poker-faced comic naturalism come to seem the ideal to which all Austen cinema should aspire .
The funniest , most deliciously venomous Jane Austen movie ever made , and conclusive proof that , a -RRB- Kate Beckinsale has been seriously undervalued by the movies and , b -RRB- Whit Stillman is a major , distinctive talent .
A cheerfully cynical romantic comedy in which the romantic lead is also the villain -- and still somehow finds her way to a happy ending .
It is Austen -- reasonably at least -- with a touch of Oscar Wilde and full-on Whit Stillman . Funny , appealing , civilized -- and fully aware of the artifice holding it all together .
Love & Friendship is Stillman 's first foray into period drama , and it shows -- in a good way .
Deftly staged , briskly paced and very funny , thanks largely to Beckinsale 's crack timing and Tom Bennett 's breakout performance .
L&F 's burnished cinematography and elegant performances offer a droll soulfulness that embodies everything we still love , and like , about Jane Austen .
A classic , conniving and cunning Kate Beckinsale steals most of the thunder from the rest of Whit Stillman 's droll cast in this funny and mostly accessible `` Downton Abbey '' - like lark .
Love & Friendship is hilarious , maybe the funniest movie of the year , and that it 's classic Austen , featuring a sarcastic heroine who thinks she knows what 's best for everyone and who probably is right .
It 's refreshing to find a Jane Austen adaptation that 's as witty and subversive as Whit Stillman 's Love & Friendship .
Boasting a beautifully calibrated tone , it 's wickedly droll and choicely acted by the entire ensemble .
Superb Enjoyment
Its multitude of pleasures rest in dialogue rich in wit and mellifluous in structure .
Love & Friendship has the air of one of those movies where you sense the actors had the time of their lives on the set , what with getting to wear the garb of the time and reciting such sublime dialogue and performing such exquisitely choreographed scenes .
Splendid from start to finish . Miss Beckinsale emits a clear sense that her character is not only fully in control of Plan A , but concurrently beetling away at Plan B and , we suspect , subsequent plans up to and including Zed .
Best ever Kate Beckinsale , could have been naughtier
It 's a movie that is not just an achievement in its own right , but the sort that makes one reconsider all of Stillman 's previous films .
Winningly , and wittily , brought to the screen by writer-director Whit Stillman and a superbly chosen cast ... rarely has the fit between author and adapter felt so marvelously right .
If Love & Friendship seems more cutting than Austen 's usual fare , thank director Whit Stillman .
`` Love & Friendship '' is a film to make an action fan tear his or her hair out ; it 's all walking and talking . But what talking !
Intelligent , nuanced , literate , and dismally dry ; there 's little of the juice that Stillman brought to his earlier films as a chronicler of his own times .
As adaptations go , this is a match made in heaven .
Love & Friendship is a comedy of manners , and manors , and more . It 's a comedy of empowerment and sexual politics , dressed up in the best Austen finery .
It 's the cinematic version of inventing a chocolate bar that makes you lose weight - something really tasty that 's actually good for you .
It 's securely in its proper time and place , but this is an unusual side of Austen , cooler and more nakedly cunning . It feels very modern indeed .
What a lovely meeting , a novelist who was ahead of her time and a filmmaker determinedly , irretrievably outside his own . It 's like two very different people meeting on a blind date , and suddenly sparks are flying .
An intelligent actress too often wasted in butt-numbing action movies , Beckinsale is endlessly captivating as a formidable woman low on funds but high on manipulative genius .
An onrushing delight , captured in bright and creamy light ... a vessel for Kate Beckinsale 's liquid lashings of the tongue , but Lady Susan is of no time , and of this time , and the most modern of characters , as in -LSB- Stillman 's -RSB- earlier near-period pieces .
Like Austen , Stillman delights in the considerable distance between what people believe and how they behave .
For the most part ... `` Love & Friendship '' is a frolic : crisp and closeted rather than expansive , with curt exchanges in drawing rooms , carriages , and gardens .
The costumes are gorgeous , fitted constructions in bold colors and beautiful patterns , the formidable uniform of a fierce , independent woman taking control of her own destiny .
Love and Friendship is the purest distillation of Jane Austen 's work yet to grace the screen .
It might be Stillman 's first period piece -LRB- a quite a lovely production it is -RRB- , but the droll humor and keen eye for social dynamics can be traced throughout his work .
... it features an unsympathetic heroine who , while not getting what she wants , achieves something that is perhaps even better . This is not your usual Austen adaptation , Stillman instilling it with an American forthrightness .
Immensely charming and laugh-out-loud funny .
Stillman has made what may be the broadest and most accessible comedy of his career .
Austen-isms walk shoulder to shoulder with Stillman-isms so gracefully that it takes a moment to realize which author is likely speaking through these characters .
Who better to adapt Jane Austen 's epistolary novel , Lady Susan , for the screen than our finest contemporary observer of life among the `` haute bourgeoisie , '' Whit Stillman ?
The wit comes so quickly , the film demands a second viewing . The heartlessness of the central character , though , makes that option unappealing .
`` Love & Friendship '' more than delivers on the comedy of manners front , but it 's also a very funny , unapologetic portrait of a diabolically clever woman ...
It 's the Whit Stillman movie that some of us have been waiting a long time for , and also a Jane Austen movie that goes some way toward correcting the record of dull and dutiful cinematic Janeism .
One of the most ingenious movies of recent memory and also the funniest .
Beckinsale is fantastic and probably has the funniest and snarkiest lines in the movie . It 's better than Stillman 's last few movies .
The sharpest , least sentimental and possibly the best version of Austen yet .
The language , a lyrical blend of Jane Austen and Whit Stillman , bewitches even as it stings . A sublime Kate Beckinsale digs into the role of her career . Pure pleasure .
Love & Friendship gives off a lovely , restrained glow at a time in films when almost everything else has the subtlety of headlights .
Whit Stillman has made an Austen movie that does n't , for a change , feel like the corset 's tied too tight .
As necessarily discomfiting as it is gleefully droll .
Stillman gives the romantic roundelay a deliciously modern feminist twist that ends up being a bit too slight and patly resolved , but over all too soon .
Beckinsale is the main attraction , delivering hilariously cutting lines with the casual cheeriness of someone who ca n't even conceive of caring what others might think of her . But she 's ably supported by the entire ensemble ...
These are tidings of great joy for admirers of the English novelist , who have longed for the day when some canny filmmaker would decide to foreground her satirical wit , which is especially sharp when aimed at tangled issues of class and gender .
Stillman and Beckinsale 's collaboration has gifted the actress with what might be a career best performance ; it 's definitely an endlessly entertaining one .
Stillman 's rounded-out and embroidered telling is the kind of movie people call `` delicious , '' `` sparkling , '' and `` a comic romp , '' and it is indeed all of those .
A delicious marriage of Whit Stillman and Jane Austen in a comedy of manners with a contemporary spin that delights from start to twisty finish .
With the plotting and the epigrams taken care of , Stillman seems liberated as a craftsman : Never before has one of his films been so crisp , so tart , so laugh-out-loud funny .
Maybe the best big-screen Jane Austen adaptation ever !
No Austen adaptation , even the most revisionist ones , has ever felt as vicious as Whit Stillman 's Love & Friendship .
The delight of its director , Whit Stillman , enlivens every scene , so what might have seemed stilted is full of human faces in exquisitely subtle states of panic . Heretical as it sounds , Stillman has improved on his source .
The charmingly manipulative Love & Friendship should n't be as periodically enchanting as it is , but dammit if Kate Beckinsale does n't hypnotize us from scene one .
Not among the best of Jane Austen 's novels is given a decent adaptation .
Streaked with the director 's decidedly modern strain of cynicism , Love & Friendship might very well be the most faithful translation of Austen 's biting humor and highly practical feminism to date .
Above all -LRB- and surely to the relief of those prone to resist costume drama -RRB- it 's just a very playful picture .
The stuffiness of the environment , with the beautiful mansions and elegant gowns , seems to have prodded Stillman to be even more playful than usual here .
The most refreshing take on Austen 's work ever put on screen .
One of the funniest comedies of manners since the heyday of Ernst Lubitsch .
Whit Stillman relishes societal pomposity and self-obsessed characters , and his latest film , Love & Friendship , shows that he 's adept at skewering ridiculous relationships and selfish people no matter what setting .
-LSB- Stillman 's -RSB- dry sense and cutting sensibility are suited to the meaner edge this story has in comparison with the rest of Austen 's oeuvre .
Whitman respects and relishes in Austen 's creation but is no slave to it , inventing additional characters to help the story flow .
Whit Stillman and Jane Austen are a match made in comedy rapture .
Finally , a Jane Austen movie that 's fresh and deliciously rotten at the same time .
Despite its period trappings , Stillman 's film never feels stilted , largely thanks to his bracingly modern heroine who takes no prisoners , and makes no apologies for her conniving behavior .
It 's pure fun , suitable for most everyone -- and a worthy addition to the Austen canon .
The film is a fine showcase for Stillman 's typically inspired bon mots and the atypical charms of his leading lady .
In the case of Love & Friendship , the match between adaptor and adaptee is exquisite and advantageous to both .
Jane Austen , who used dialogue as a veil that reveals and conceals , and writer-director Whit Stillman , with his love for the elegant pensée , are such an obvious match that you wonder why it took them this long to get together .
... Whit Stillman 's adaptation of Jane Austen 's Lady Susan is a surprisingly hilarious period piece that centers on Austen 's titular character , played perfectly by a deliciously nefarious Kate Beckinsale
Perhaps only by reading the book after you 've seen this is the skill of Stillman 's treatment to be fully grasped - it 's one of the deftest feats of literary interpolation in ages .
Stillman 's fleet and funny adaptation makes it a pleasure to follow these entanglements -LRB- and to understand the strict social rules regulating everyone 's behavior -RRB- .
A lovely and intricate web with a seductive spider at the center , played deftly by Kate Beckinsale .
`` Love & Friendship '' is a most particular pleasure .
Whether debutants in New York City or landed gentry in England , Stillman is perfectly at home , delivering the same dry humor and tender observations about the affairs of the highest echelons of society .
Sharp insight , coupled with the amusing way that the heroine phrases her quips , make `` Love & Friendship '' pleasurable to watch even when it all starts to feel like too much about too little .
Although it 's difficult even by the end to entirely sort out who 's related to whom and how , the actors acquit themselves nicely , and it 's always good to have Stephen Fry around in this sort of tony affair ...
A supremely elegant and delicately filigreed adaptation of Jane Austen 's epistolary novella `` Lady Susan . ''
With his ebullient and scaldingly droll latest - a superlative screwball adaptation of Jane Austen 's novella ` Lady Susan ' - Stillman may have finally located an ensemble of characters who exist in their own time .

@highlight

Love & Friendship finds director Whit Stillman bringing his talents to bear on a Jane Austen adaptation -- with a thoroughly delightful period drama as the result .