For the most part Ab Fab : The Movie is confused celebrity-laden chaos weighed down by too many cameo appearances and not enough story to sustain a full feature .
It 's really only for the Ab Fab loyal , but if you 're a sweetie darling , Absolutely Fabulous : The Movie is a satisfying trip back into Patsy and Edina 's self-obsessed world .
-LSB- It -RSB- features wall-to-wall cameos from designers and supermodels past and present . Which is n't to say you have to be au courant to get all the jokes .
They may not be at their most fabulous , but they 're still good value .
As a movie , there 's not much there , but it 's still touching when Eddie admits their outrageous antics are their only defense against the fear of getting old and obsolete .
One does not have to have a long history with Edina Monsoon and Patsy Stone to enjoy the film version of this friendship , a folie à deux .
You 'd hope it would have matured like a fine vintage champagne , but unfortunately Absolutely Fabulous is one franchise that has n't aged well .
Little else about Absolutely Fabulous : The Movie may justify its existence or demonstrate its relevance , but reuniting its leads with viewers does enough .
Although the film is n't completely able to avoid the pitfalls of adaptation ... Ab Fab : The Movie is , for the most part , a thoroughly entertaining showcase for some of Britain 's funniest women .
Since the plot is thinner than any of the many supermodels draped around it , give thanks for Joanna Lumley 's coke-snorting , gold-digging Patsy , whose heartless antics and peerless comic timing keep it all aloft .
Absolutely Crapulous .
Sure , the movie is jam-packed with celebrity cameos and shoutouts to the original TV series , but it 's the friendship between Edina and Patsy that shines the brightest in this movie .
Thankfully , Saunders can still write acidic barbs , and she and director Mandie Fletcher , who has helmed the most recent versions of the series , come up with a seemingly endless series of entertaining cameos featuring real-life fashion titans .
This 90-minute spree probably wo n't be marching up the red carpet on Oscars night . But it 's light , frothy and fun , just like the ladies ' beverage of choice - Bollinger darling !
Where before , their satirical take on high society ... offered a measure of catty capers along with well-timed witty one-liners , now their escapades come across as something akin to a puerile , poorly rehearsed high school play .
Writer and star Jennifer Saunders has kept all the elements of the show the same , and that 's a good thing , as the original worked perfectly .
If the movie feels at times like it 's drifting to a halt , or if there seems to be a long wait for a laugh-inducing gag , at least the characters still have some bite .
Like the best laid plans of a `` Saturday Night Live '' inspired film , the bits only work in small doses . Exposing the girls to 90 minutes of screen time leads to a lot of hit-and-miss jokes and outrageous situations .
Plays like a farce at half-speed , setting up amusing scenarios but lacking the energy needed to really crackle .
The zeitgeist is likely indifferent to ` Ab Fab ' at this point , but the film 's edgy , zany enthusiasm makes up for its lack of freshness .
Will leave fans feeling like they 've had some fun with old friends - just maybe not quite as much fun as they used to have .
Long-time supporters of the show will enjoy catching up with the eccentric characters . Others may be left scratching their head and wondering if this is the female equivalent of a Hunter S. Thompson novel .
What made the Absolutely Fabulous series unique was its slapdash , knockabout quality ... That is fine in a 30-minute sitcom . In a 90-minute movie , it feels infuriatingly dithering .
The new film is more of a mini new season than a supersized `` movie '' as the title promises but who would n't want another season ?
Catching up with Patsy and Edina provides a weirdly comforting sense of permanence . The world keeps turning , and they keep on running in a desperate attempt to catch up .
I think the film is best viewed as a victory lap . And why not ? It 's a very well deserved one .
There 's no point in trying to tone down the show 's outrageousness for the big screen - outrageousness is the point - and no one has tried .
Best of all , of course , are those two incorrigibles Edina and Patsy -- as endearingly , hilariously awful as ever .
I just wish the film itself did more than play so blatantly to the fan base , because had it broadened its appeal and its reach just a little bit more , it 's quite possible we could have had something amazing here to be talking about .
Whenever Saunders and Lumley leave the screen the energy level sags faster than 60-year-old eye bags without Botox .
The film is really a monument to the spectacular comedic talents of co-star Joanna Lumley , who , at 72 , has never been funnier .
Absolutely Fabulous walks a tart line between embracing celebrity culture and rejecting it .
As a piece of storytelling , Absolutely Fabulous is fairly patchy . But the movie 's larger-than-life format provides Edina and Patsy with a welcome opportunity to plumb new comedic depths .
This big-screen expansion of the hit 1990s Brit-com is a tired , lazy and often rather horrible effort from all concerned .
More like a reunion episode than a film , bouncing from scene to scene with barely a plot in sight .
... there is enough good material here for a fine TV episode ...
Absolutely Fabulous : The Movie could 've been a hilarious meditation on ageing , fame and the desperate human desire to be relevant , but except for a couple of rare moments of clarity , it 's as shallow as Eddie and Patsy .
This odd couple is a hook for black comedy . They do bad things . Bad things happen to them . Life poops in their soup . Just like any of us , really , and that 's why we love to laugh at them , with them , about them and despite them
Happy to report that Eddy and Patsy have still got it , and the film is ` bloody good fun ' , the term used to describe the reason why the latter has stayed latched to Edina after all these years
The concept fails to spark at feature length , with the chemistry between the charismatic stars feeling more obnoxious than charming .
You do n't have to be a fan of ... the TV show to enjoy ... thanks to the genuine affection the lead characters - and presumably the actresses who play them - hold for each other .
Absolutely Fresh : The Movie is n't . But it 's not bad . Fun and funny in spots .
Saunders and Lumley pucker up and give it a game go . They 're a disastrous pleasure to watch , but it 's also a bit like driving a car that has only a CD player and no way to rope in the playlist on your iDevice .
Patsy and Edina should have been left in their decade , where we could imagine them partying it up and smoking weird substances with the Spice Girls and Liam Gallagher . Bringing them out now does no favors to them or us .
I would n't call it absolutely fabulous , but maybe absolutely adequate .
I wo n't spoil the movie 's ending , but its twist is surprisingly gratifying .
The farcical BBC cult sitcom was fabulous but , as a full-length feature film , it 's frothy but only fair ...
... annoying ... hopelessly silly ... can not be taken seriously either as a parody or a satire ... commands no involvement whatsoever in either the characters or the story .
All the fleeting cameo appearances are like the movie itself : Amazon hot and Arctic cold , with some inspiring affection and amusement and others leading to nothing more than an exaggerated shoulder shrug .
It 's what `` Ab Fab '' fans have been waiting for ... The rest of us who do not know the 1990s sitcom , which aired on cable in the United States , can only do what Edina and Patsy would tell us to : Piss off , sweetie darlings .
Based on the popular British television comedy series , this big screen version is an overblown barrage of jokes , sight gags and fashion .
Is it too much ? You bet . But Saunders and Lumley are all about keeping the party going . So grab your Bolly , darlings , and party on .
Woe betide anyone who wanders into its big screen version without a thorough grounding in the show .
Absolutely Fabulous : The Movie , while amusing in spots , too often plays like a moderately decent TV-reunion show that 's diminished by its attempt to be a theatrical feature .
Whether joking about the shallowness of the fashion industry or veering to an inverted riff on Some Like It Hot , you can never say this romp does n't go for it .
Behind the bad behavior , rampant inebriation and morning facial injections is a poignant observation about women and aging in an industry built on beauty .
It 's like an all-night bender that 's occasionally diverting , but one that will be forgotten the morning after .
Fans will love Brit pals ' drink - and drug-filled adventure .
Break out the Bolly and caviar , darlings . Welcome back , Eddie and Patsy .
In American comedy , however raunchy or wild , the center is reliably soft . Not so in British comedy .
... fans of the television version of Ab Fab will love it , but it probably wo n't win many new converts .
Die-hards might enjoy visiting with Edina and Patsy once more , but to everyone else , it wo n't quite live up to that title .
Finding deep meaning and satisfaction from this story will be difficult , but if it 's style over substance you 're after , then you 'll revel in the comedic chic .
It 's such great fun to watch these incredible comedians inhabit these characters once more .
This effort is just too lazy to recommend other than to the hard-core fan . It 's absolutely not fabulous for everyone else . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content , Profanity , Drug Use , etc. - Available -RRB-
Never quite as funny or as consistently entertaining as the show that inspired it , `` Absolutely Fabulous : The Movie '' is mainly for die hard fans .
This splashy update with Edina and Patsy is very much your mother 's Ab Fab . And proud of it .
Thanks to Absolutely Fabulous : The Movie , Zoolander 2 is no longer 2016 's most disappointing fashion-industry comedy comeback .
Some of the gags do n't carry over well to this side of the pond -LRB- who remembers Lulu ? Anyone ? -RRB- , and some of Eddie and Patsy 's boozy antics are n't as funny as they were 20-plus years ago .
Ab Fab is still one of the nastiest critiques of boomer self-obsession ever lensed , and Eddie and Pats are still completely devoted to living an absurdly indigent life , no matter what the calendar year . Approach accordingly .
This ungainly , catch-as-catch-can feature is n't a comfortable expansion of the series , but there 's a brightness and spontaneity to it that forgives its many lapses ...
It is at times very funny and its unwillingness to pull punches -LRB- which , it must be noted , does n't always work -RRB- is bracing .
Like so many small-screen-to-big-screen efforts , `` Absolutely Fabulous : The Movie '' is n't really a movie , just a stretched-out TV episode with a parade of cameos and boatloads of Champagne .
It 's not for all tastes . But it is very much for certain tastes : the over the top , acid-tongued , camptastic sort .
Like the BBC sitcom that inspired it , `` Absolutely Fabulous : The Movie '' is a raucously funny , often endearing , subversively feminist , bloody good time .
No , it is n't ... Some will find the result an exhilarating reunion with fondly remembered friends , but most are likely to cringe rather than laugh .
Saunders , Lumley , and director Mandie Fletcher deftly lampoon vaping , mindfulness , and the trendiness of gender fluidity .
`` Absolutely Fabulous '' becomes tiresome , even if you really like Saunders and Lumley , and even if you sometimes find yourself smiling in advance , as if willing the jokes to be funny .
The jokes about washed-up , worn-out social climbers and boozehounds feel a decade or so out of date , and I found Eddy 's self-loathing streak to be wanly pathetic , as opposed to touchingly sardonic .
Within the first few minutes , Edina and Patsy have tripped , fumbled or flailed a half dozen times . It 's tiresome , but not nearly as painful as the seemingly endless cameos .
A happily self-conscious feature-length goof .
Director Mandie Fletcher is powerless to strike sparks ; the fire has gone cold .
Sometimes , when you get together with old friends you ca n't remember what you ever had in common . Ultimately , much of the film falls as flat as an open bottle of Bolly .
Now that bad girls are in greater supply , Edina and Patsy are n't the novelty they once were , but they 're still a giant embarrassment , and thank God for that .
It 's the relentless mugging , outrageous schtick and otherwise hilarious antics of this dynamic duo that make this movie a very fun romp .
... a cameo-laden romp for nostalgia buffs only ... I 've never had less fun with Patsy and Eddy , but I 'd love to see them again sometime , preferably in a 1/2 hour television reunion when Saunders ' wheels are on fire instead of spinning in a ditch
Its comfortable way with personal corruption and farce is highly amusing , allowing fans and newcomers a chance to simply enjoy well-oiled foolishness .
These vain and fickle gals , enthusiastic early adopters of train wreck comedy and masters of all manner of walks , stumbles and crawls of shame , make a for a fine summer diversion .
The big-screen revival of the decadent Brit comedy series has amusing moments , but largely coasts on fans ' goodwill .
This is a movie for fans of the show -- who should get everything they could want from it . Newbies are advised to get a hold of Season 1 and binge .
It really is Absolutely Fabulous to see the girls again , even if we wo n't remember anything about the movie by the next morning .
On the whole , it 's a pitch-perfect love letter to `` Ab Fab '' devotees . As for newcomers ? My advice : See it after a couple of Stolis , darling , and you 'll be just fine .
In this 90-minute movie , which runs twice the length of one of the Ab Fab episodes airing stateside since the mid-Nineties , this deliciously bad behavior is diminished by a silly plot .
All in all , it 's an extremely satisfying movie for fans of the original television show .
The film coasts from one-liner to one-liner , open bar to open bar-kind of like our heroines ' lives , actually .
Whenever you fear the whole enterprise is about to come crashing down , the brilliant Lumley hoiks it back on its feet .
If you enjoyed the brash British sitcom , you will have a blast at the film .
As a movie based on a TV show , `` Ab Fab '' succeeds . The characters are still familiar and funny , and plenty of heart shines through their booze-soaked exteriors .
May test the patience of even the most ardent Ab Fab fans with its dated , often regressive humor , its endless parade of celebrity cameos and its aimless , bloated plot .
The characters have a dated mentality , a welcome way to look at an era when Pokémon Go can thwart your best-laid viral marketing plans . But the movie does n't seize the opportunity to skewer what fashion and social media have become .
There 's something to be said for a summer movie that offers up Chris Colfer as an unapologetic misogynist hairdresser .
For all the film 's faults , Saunders and Lumley still bring an addictive energy to the screen that finds you wanting more .
More scenes fall flat than take off , but Saunders and especially Lumley are funny enough on their own to encourage tolerance for the slack storytelling .
It all comes down to how beautifully Lumley and Saunders bring their characters to life . They have had so many years to play the roles that they come across as more of a second skin than an acting job .
Clumsy slapstick and extraneous cameos were always AbFab hallmarks , but the film version lingers cruelly on slower stretches .
A big , bright and viciously bold celebration of funny , flawed women , and the friendship that sustains them .
The new `` Star Wars '' was basically the first `` Star Wars , '' and the `` AbFab '' movie is basically a super-long episode of the show . Where the former 's unoriginality stemmed from a lack of nerve , with the latter it 's an act of defiance .
They 're still delightfully awful , but not outrageous enough to watch .
Despite some decent laughs and great chemistry between Saunders and Lumley , this `` AbFab '' ... comes up a bit empty .
This film assumes that an idea for a joke is the same thing as an actual joke ... so shoddily written that the clothes are meant to stand in for real punchlines .
The two fashion dummies have been jolted out of suspended animation for a semi-worthwhile wheeze . It 's short at an economical hour-and-a-half but in the end , this is more prefab than ab fab .
If you 're a truly mad `` AbFab '' fan , definitely go . Just be sure to bring your best chums with you -- and smuggle in enough Stoli for everyone , sweetie darling .
Edina and Patsy are like Lucy and Ethel in the chocolate factory , only replace the chocolate with cocaine , eternal-youth fetal-cell injections , bolly -LRB- champagne -RRB- and cigarettes .
Just say YES , darlings !
To transform a TV series into a film is to surround yourself with pitfalls , and `` Absolutely Fabulous , '' sad to report , nosedives into every one of them .
They 're back , sweetie darlings-though it feels like they never left us .
Sends up one-upwomanship , egotistical self-help , and reflexive hedonism with zing . It is a sheer triumph to see two older women being really funny onscreen .
Though Absolutely Fabulous : the Movie bears many of the hallmarks of bad British sitcom cinema -LRB- floodlit lighting , echo-chamber sets -RRB- , it is also barbed and appallingly funny in places .
Not quite fabulous , no , but admittedly better than expected .
If you 've come expecting Terrence Malick you 're clearly going to be disappointed , but in the realms of TV sitcom-to-big-screen feature , it 's good-hearted , funny and relatively coherent .
If you enjoy Ab Fab you wo n't be disappointed .
Made with heart and affection , it really is a welcome return for these much loved characters and a merrily mad swansong that will leave you smiling .
The film , like its subjects , is chaotic , frequently lazy and unhealthily obsessed with celebrity .
In these days of austerity , the excesses and absurdity of Absolutely Fabulous feel strangely uplifting .
The Kardashians do n't need satirising , they 're inadvertently doing it themselves , and Patsy and Eddy seem almost demure and ladylike in our relentlessly trashy age .
A nostalgic trip down memory lane is all this underwhelming comedy has to survive off , as if you 're after an original , consistently funny piece of contemporary filmmaking , you 'll be left wanting .
While not introducing anything new , Absolutely Fabulous : the Movie takes advantage of the bigger scope in order to create the film fans have been waiting for .
Thankfully , Saunders and Lumley bring such zest to the film that its clunkier moments are easily overlooked . It certainly makes better use of its armies of celebrities than was managed in Zoolander 2 .
While the apocalypse continues in the real world , Absolutely Fabulous : The Movie remains gloriously Botoxed in a time that austerity forgot , still drenched in Bollinger and bad behaviour .
The affection the pair of actors have for their characters , and each other , is ultimately what makes the film such a -LRB- surprising -RRB- success .
The film is sometimes funny . It 's a must for junkies of the TV series . But the script and story keep collapsing like the heroines .
Fans of the show will not be disappointed .
There 's never a dull moment , even if the hit-to-miss ratio is roughly even .
It 's scatty , scrappy and thoroughly OTT , but then that 's like the characters themselves .
While you ca n't imagine the film ever making it to Cannes under anything other than its own steam , the jaunt proves to be a surprisingly worthwhile one .
Jennifer Saunders and Joanna Lumley give their all and drag the film bitching and boozing over the fine line between ropey TV transfer and riotous night out .
As supermodel skinny as the story is , it 's still jostled along the hundreds of Saunders ' pals who drop by to provide colourful relief .
It 's not great cinema , or even peak `` Fabulous , '' but for a post-Brexit Britain in dire need of some cheering up , it more than does the job .
This breezy blast of bawdy jokes and Bollinger product placement should lift spirits in a post-Brexit Britain and earn a considerable pile of devalued sterling along the way .
Basically , Joanna Lumley saves this film : she has an imperishable hauteur and comedy-charisma . She is the garden bridge that stops this film from collapsing into the Thames .
Revisiting Edina and Patsy was n't a bad idea - especially not since there 's even more celebrity nonsense to poke fun at these days - but another short TV season might have been a better format .
Despite the lazy , lazy story and haphazard character arcs , the film will probably serve its audience quite nicely .

@highlight

Absolutely Fabulous : The Movie picks up pretty much where its source material left off , delivering an adaptation that , as fans of this British export might say , does what it says on the tin .