In -LSB- Marc Foster 's -RSB- lucid balance between intentions , method and results , the film is , as Adrian Martin said , perfect . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The film is baffling , seemingly setting up every giant clue about something terrible happening , while only creating a lot of confusion .
There are some issues in this erotic thriller that director Marc Forster wants to address , but the execution is wanting .
While this has interesting moments , Foster seems unable to follow the story into as deep or dark a place as it should go and the ambiguity in the storytelling is unwarranted and frustrating to witness .
There is an appreciated sense of unconventionally to the film . However , the story quickly takes an overemotional and theatrical turn which diminish the many topics the story could have explored .
This tepid psychodrama suffers from a weak script with an absurd conclusion .
Some nice visual perspective from -LRB- a sightless -RRB- point of view . Lots of pretentious BS , too .
Despite an interesting premise and a promising first act , All I See Is You ultimately fails to deliver much beyond a gradual descent into disinterest and watch-checking .
By the time things shifts into hackneyed thriller contrivances , it becomes increasingly difficult to maintain interest ...
The film seems to lose sight of what it would really mean to regain one 's vision . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content , Profanity , Nudity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
An impressionistic art piece that tries and fails to be a compelling movie that 's worth watching .
You might be laughing at the movie by the time you reach its go-for-broke final shot , but the look on Lively 's face is enough to fulfill the idea that loving someone is not the same as needing someone .
Director Marc Forster takes a melodramatic plot from a Sunday-night cable feature and tries to expand it to the big screen with bigger stars and more exotic locales , but it still retains the predictability of a movie of the week .
As pretentious , nearly unwatchable fiascos go , All I See Is You is that rare film that can empty theaters in its first -LRB- interminable -RRB- half hour .
Strong sexual content , adult themes in relationship drama .
You 'd have to be blind not to see what is missing from this script ; i.e , a plausible story .
All I See Is You seems extra-uniquely bad somehow .
... could 've been a word-of-mouth art house hit but , instead , delivers neither drama nor thriller .
If you come to this film expecting a conventional thriller , you 'll be disappointed , while if you are up for a character study with some really fine acting from Blake Lively , you 'll find much to appreciate here .
Somewhere in this interestingly shot mystery there 's an exploration of identity , masculinity and marital discord , but those themes are obscured by the sublime , strange Blake Liveliness of it all .
It 's a surprisingly honest study of co-dependence , insecurity , and control .
Wo n't be for everyone , and some people are going to absolutely loathe it , but it 's a lovely artistic character exploration that is quite compelling when you 're willing to go along for the ride .
Visually striking thriller about a blind woman who regains her sight and then loses it again quickly becomes predictable .
for all of Forster 's experimentation , and his willingness to prod at the strange , jagged edges of this relationship , he ultimately rejects darkness .
Marc Forster 's superficially trippy Thailand-set movie never plays like something that had to be made about the human condition . Think instead a short faux-experimental film unnecessarily stretched to the yawning point .
Despite a modicum of visual style and competent performances , it is unable to keep us guessing - or , more important , to make us care - long enough to work up true suspense .
Blame over-stylized visuals , an under-nourished story , and performances that suffer from the movie 's lack of focus .
Forster does flawed but fascinating work in this tense , twisty , sexual and psychological puzzle .
After a promising start , it fritters away any emotional connection with its audience early on , becoming a cold , meandering and tiresome exercise .
... has all the visual style and tension of a thriller but none of the violent payouts ... far more arresting and captivating a romance because Forster infuses it with suspenseful urgency .
A failed experiment , a dull tale of a marriage driven on the rocks by a medical miracle that is not enlivened by some visual tricks .
-LSB- Marc -RSB- Forster does some interesting visual work here to suggest the perspective of a person who is -LRB- legally -RRB- blind , but in general , when your thriller requires the heroic intervention of an ophthalmologist , you 're in trouble .
It 's a bit frustrating , as the film does have substance : Couples do n't always survive major life changes , especially a shifting in roles . But perhaps I 'm just trying to see something that is n't there .
The best thing about `` All I See Is You '' is that it 's not afraid to experiment . But it 's an experiment that went wrong , a film in which ambiguity trumps complexity .
What emerges from this pretentious if diverting mishmash is a story that is equally predictable and contrived , but nonetheless offers some worthwhile insights into the notion of the male gaze and the subjugation of women .
`` All I See Is You '' is halfway through before something resembling a plot kicks in , and even then this limp , shape-shifting psychodrama proves unable to sell it with anything approaching coherence .
Forster does some interesting visual work here to suggest the perspective of a person who is -LRB- legally -RRB- blind , but in general , when your thriller requires the heroic intervention of an ophthalmologist , you 're in trouble .
It 's riveting to watch everything unfold .
The story is slow and vague , with underdeveloped hints at a '90s - style erotic thriller or a romantic weepie .
-LSB- All I see is You -RSB- spins its wheels stylishly but does n't go anywhere .
There 's no great white shark -- like in Lively 's last movie -- but this fierce little marital fable still draws blood .
For a film about vision and visions , all it had me looking at was my watch .
Lively has become an expert at creating the impression that at some point , the movie behind her will come together . All I See Is You comes closer than Adaline , but its adult intentions do n't go far enough .
All I See Is You is weird , but it is emphatically not dumb .
The longer things drag out , All I See Is You becomes every bit as amorphous as its protagonist 's vision .
... a solid , consistently artful drama that lingers well after the credits have rolled .
It 's introspective and deliberate , a movie that gets to its point slowly , all its meandering and scene-setting doing the good work of priming us for a grim little payoff .
Blind boredom .
Even as All I See Is You descends into soapy nonsense , it remains visually engaging .
Forster 's meandering slow-burning , tale has elements that might have attracted Polanski or Almodovar but eventually settles for a psychological thriller that is a little too enigmatic for its own good .
What does it all add up to ? Look past the gimmick , and all that remains is an overly arty study of a lopsided marriage ...

@highlight

All I See Is You hints at a number of intriguing questions with its premise , but they dissolve in a stylish yet empty psychodrama that fails to connect .