Overall , this is not a trivial work in terms of what it is reaching for and its audacity , but ultimately it is also not a satisfying work . It moves in too many directions and veers into realms that are not always relevant .
Just prepare yourself for disbelief when Davis visits a doctor to see what is wrong with his heart
Plenty of metaphors - some unnecessary - but decent fare , on the whole .
The film is constantly trying to take a path less travelled ; unfortunately it 's not the right path . In the process of being different , the movie becomes incoherent and eventually ends up being commonplace .
This quirky , bittersweet comedy-drama spends too long feeling contrived and compares poorly with one of Adam Sandler 's better films , Reign Over Me from 2007 .
The movie is a little messy , as it meanders along with Davis 's fits and starts , but if you 're willing to just roll with it , the reward is a very satisfying emotional arc .
-LSB- Jake -RSB- Gyllenhaal , who has perfected playing characters with questionable motivations , who deftly carries the entire weight of Demolition .
`` Demolition , '' ... is saved from destruction by an outstanding cast led by an incomparable Jake Gyllenhaal .
Demolition is the perfect vehicle for Gyllenhaal . You get the sense that not a single choice he has ever made as an actor has been rooted in concerns for vanity or financial gain .
This script should have been taken apart more carefully before it reduced the movie to rubble .
For all the good acting on Jake Gyllenhaal 's part , Demolition just does not nail the dismount .
The symbolism may be heavy-handed , and the message obvious-everyone mourns in their own way-but -LSB- Jake -RSB- Gyllenhaal makes Davis 's funny-sad journey worth watching .
The only thing that seems to make sense is that it does n't .
In detailing the synopsis , the story becomes unavoidably kitsch which is the film 's glaring problem .
An offbeat , disruptive treatment of grief , shot through with flashes of manic humour , and played to the hilt by Jake Gyllenhaal at the top of his game .
Although the movie deals with important issues surrounding the devastations of grief , it strains for metaphorical significance at nearly every turn , even as it tries to temper its seriousness with offbeat expressions of humor .
Considering -- and in spite of -- the talent involved , `` Demolition '' is strikingly misguided .
You can appreciate the care with which director Jean-Marc Vallee has crafted the film , and the committed emotional constriction of Gyllenhaal ... but the thing feels like a con job
Who knows where his displaced emotions will take him ? Who cares ?
Demolition is a cinematic deconstruction of expectation and cliché , all of which results in a moving marvel of self-actualization I think I just might be in love with .
A scene of emotional redemption , involving a dilapidated carousel being remodelled , may be the most cloying screen sequence in the year to date .
There are genuine , moving moments and some hilarious ones but overall it tries too hard to put a new spin on an age-old topic .
Prevents an entertainingly intriguing character study from being engrossingly fascinating .
Gyllenhaal is terrific as Davis , a role that requires him to control his emotions until they threaten to pop , and then incrementally , imperceptibly let the pressure off .
A flawed yet deeply moving meditation on grief from Dallas Buyers Club director Jean-Marc Vallée .
-LSB- Gyllenhaal 's -RSB- performance in Demolition is among his best , rawest and most frighteningly real .
Not for everyone , but will mean a lot for those who can stay on the same select frequency of feeling as its star throughout .
Demolition is an incredibly humane film . It does not judge its characters , and it refuses to have villains .
Jake Gyllenhaal shines but there is not a lot more to this journey into home grown psychotherapy .
Gyllenhaal , Watts and the astonishing young actor Judah Lewis as Karen 's son put in layered , sensitive performances , with Vallée offering them all the room in the world .
Only about halfway successful , this quirky drama has fine performances and many moments of appealing sweetness , but it also suffers from ill-fitting tonal choices and heavy-handed metaphors .
Driven by Gyllenhaal 's magnificent performance , this is a hilarious film about a terrible subject . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Jake Gyllenhaal proves he can take on any type of role . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Demolition unfolds with all the narrative and intellectual nuance of a bulldozer being driven through a house . Which , incidentally , is something else we get to see happen in this terrible , terrible film .
Jake Gyllenhaal passes his weirdness to Naomi Watts in this film . Great performances . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Vallée is as pretentious as ever , but he manages to get one of Gyllenhaal 's most natural performances ever . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Demolition is a stirring ride towards necessary self destruction .
If Fight Club and Ordinary People had a baby , it would be like Demolition-but better .
Director Jean-Marc Vallée and screenwriter Bryan Sipe are similarly heavy handed , bashing us over the head with symbol and metaphor long after we 've grasped the point they 're trying to make .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- a flimsy tale that ends up demolishing itself .
With its darkly emotive themes and brittle humour , this well-made drama by Jean-marc Vallee -LRB- Dallas Buyers Club -RRB- is n't quite what it appears to be .
While some of these sledgehammers are tangible , most are figurative ones wielded by Vallee to push the film 's `` rip it up and start again '' symbolism . The point is laboured , to say the least .
Plausibility clearly was n't a prime concern here .
Vallee fails to generate much sympathy for his adult characters , as a result of which large stretches of the film , including a decidedly manipulative final sequence , fall somewhat flat .
Is he completely heartless , in some kind of catatonic trauma or just stupid ?
Demolition may not be the most subtle film but it is funny , smoothly executed and Gyllenhaal makes Davis a very sympathetic misfit .
The story of a bereaved man who starts to dismantle household appliances and , later , buildings , the whole movie is a laboured metaphor : we get it , he 's falling apart .
Davis wishes to deconstruct his old life , and begin a new one . He does so slowly and unconvincingly in a film that takes itself extremely seriously but never manages to breathe earth and life into flimsy characters .
The trouble is n't that we 're meant to feel sorry for a listless investment banker , it 's his road to salvation that 's so deeply unconvincing .
No stranger to stranger characters , Gyllenhaal undoubtedly carries the movie .
Treading an awkward path between zany and desolate , this is salvaged by a strong performance from Gyllenhaal who puts firm flesh on the bones of Davis , rendering him likeable when his behaviour appears cavalier .
Davis bangs on about honesty , but his words and unlikely actions just do n't hang together .
The leads are not bad , but neither of their characters have much to work with . We simply do n't get to know Davis , and this is a problem . Watts ' Karen is similarly thin .
The film is utterly annihilated by its stylistic contrivance and ludicrous self-importance
A moving account of how the process of grief can take on strange forms .
Combining black comedy and difficult emotion , this is an engaging , sharply written drama about human connection , anchored by an expertly-pitched performance from Gyllenhaal .
Vallée 's latest is an intriguing , confusing , uplifting , amusing , depressing jumble .
Why must movies be hopeful ? Why must they uplift ? Why must they make promises they can only temporarily keep ? And why do we fall for them , every time ?
Once our diffident hero begins dismantling and destroying things-smashing his old life to build a new one-we begin to suspect that Sipe and Vallée are selling us a crock of art-house malarkey .
Gyllenhaal continues his post-Nightcrawler upgrade with another vivid performance in the key of strange .
For an hour or so , at least , Vallée makes it sing .
In a film full of artifice and absurdist comedy , Gyllenhaal grounds this grand folly , finding human pain in a character that could have been off-putting and insufferable .
Jake Gyllenhaal should be your favorite actor .
If you want to build your movie on a metaphor , you do n't have to explain everything . Demolition bulldozes ahead .
There 's a beauty in the breakdown , and it 's amongst the rubble that Davis finds himself living , rather than enduring , his life .
I enjoyed Demolition , but that does n't mean that I ca n't fill a few letters of complaints myself .
A showy , self-indulgent essay in mourning that 's more frustrating than cathartic .
Vallee is a competent , empathetic director , but even he can not save the bad writing in this therapy drama .
Demolition is an oddball of a film and occasionally hard to watch , as a man 's failure to deal with the loss of his wife ... unspools in sometimes uncomfortable ways . But for the strong of heart , there 's something here to cling onto and value .
An offbeat film about an emotionally blocked man and his journey through grief .
Credit Vallée - one of the best actors ' directors working in Hollywood - for going out on a limb here , depicting the unusual ways inner turmoil can manifest itself .
If there 's such a thing as artisanal soap , there must be artisanal soap operas . There has n't been a movie about grief this awkward since Reign Over Me .
In Demolition , director Jean-Marc Vallée goes for the same slick , scattershot existentialism as in his previous films , The Dallas Buyers Club and Wild .
Gyllenhaal 's presence levels out a screenplay that 's an assortment of truisms and thoughtful moments , heavy on one hand but subtle on the other .
There is much to savor here , especially the unforced performance of Judah Lewis -- one more recruit to the terrific roster of younger actors who are streaming into the movies . Yet the film lacks the courage of its affliction .
It resonates more than it does n't , but the part of `` Demolition '' that really slays you is watching Cooper , who lost his only child when the boy was 17 , portray a grieving dad . Those tears are the real deal .
Thank god for Jake Gyllenhaal . Absent his performance , Demolition would have been a more unbearable slog than it is .
The filmmaking is stellar and Gyllenhaal is aces , but for all of its experimentation and predictability , ` Demoliton ' turns out to be maddeningly vanilla .
Gyllenhaal is never less than terrific , even in those moments when the movie surrounding him threatens to completely collapse .
Flawed , dysfunctional character study , like the metaphoric street signs : Detour , Wrong Way , Dead End .
... offers a fresh take on familiar material , yet too often its forced quirks feel inauthentic .
Director Jean-Marc Vallée does n't seem to mind when his movies become sun-dappled insta-redemption stories so long as there 's a bravura central turn holding it all down .
-LSB- The -RSB- emotional journey , complicated by a couple of unexpected developments in the third act , is universal and profound .
It 's not for everyone and lost some luster on second viewing , but Demolition builds on Mr. Gyllenhaal 's ability to aim for acting adventure and steer clear of safe .
The intensity of his destructive tendencies increases , but empathetic ties to Davis are elusive , despite effective and committed work from Gyllenhaal and the rest of the cast .
The contrivances of the grating script , by Bryan Sipe , strain credulity . Director Jean-Marc Valleé plays it straight , giving plenty of space for Gyllenhaal 's full-tilt performance as a guy numbed by grief and going to extremes to feel something .
-LSB- Gyllenhaal is -RSB- right up there with McConaughey , Tom Hardy and Michael Fassbender as one of the most interesting and edgy male leads in film today .
Jake Gyllenhaal gives a performance that is , at once , without emotion and seething with anger .
Demolition does n't suffer from Vallée 's fine direction or Gyllenhaal 's outstanding performance ...
The best I can say is that it 's another tour de force for Gyllenhaal , although his intensity is n't matched by the movie itself .
Jake Gyllenhaal is the best thing about Demolition . But this time , the movie around him ca n't support his performance .
The deadpan and sometimes excruciating discomfort on display , played for laughs , calls to mind the early , emotionally subversive films of David O. Russell .
-LSB- A -RSB- manipulative downer about a widower who deals with his icy emotional numbness by literally taking a sledgehammer to his old life .
Demolition could easily be maudlin , some urban Nicholas Sparks-type weeper in which ideas run out before tissues . But this is Vallée , whose dexterity with downbeat material is edgier ... daring the audience to cry at tragedy , rather than expecting it .
There 's nothing wrong with telling the story of an unlikeable guy who , over a journey of self-discovery , comes to turn his life around and realize what a jerk he 's been but there 's a fine line to walk between unlikable and irredeemable .
Vallée and screenwriter Bryan Sipe throw subtlety to the wind in this flat , heavy-handed look at coping with an immense personal tragedy .
There 's no reason Demolition should work given how oft-putting its main character is . Yet Jake Gyllenhaal sells it like a certain real estate mogul conning a political party .
If the blood sacrifice of a woman is necessary to help a privileged , wealthy and attractive young man realize his true and better self , well , hey , that 's life . Or a least that 's ` Demolition . '
Amazingly , if awkwardly , the experiment works .
The scenario does contain a couple of unexpected stings in its tale , which almost makes the inevitable redemption payoff play a little less pat than it might have under different circumstances . But not THAT much less pat .
There 's something vital missing from Demolition .
Gyllenhaal brings utter commitment to his character -LRB- but the film 's -RRB- homey little demolition trope becomes ... a distraction for the viewer .
Overall , I liked the film and am giving it a recommendation . I just wish it had been as tight and engaging as its terrific trailer . -LRB- Parental Content Review - Sex , Profanity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
By the time the movie arrives at its demented feel-good ending , we 're lost in a fog of bafflement .
Gyllenhaal 's performance is so engaging , so successfully constructed to make us sympathize with the man 's anti-social reactions to convention , even while we may understand everyone else 's bemusement .
Gyllenhaal broods convincingly , but little else rings true in this contrived drama .
Demolition plays like a failed iteration of a 1970s angry-misfit movie -LRB- think Jack Nicholson in Five Easy Pieces -RRB- , not like the real thing .
Despite welcome flashes of dark humor , Demolition is phony and shot through with clichés .
The movie offers moments of suffering and insanity that grab you for an instant , but , for some reason , director Jean-Marc Vallée and screenwriter Bryan Sipe fail to sustain them .
It 's a bumpy , uneven ride , but there are nuggets to be enjoyed along the way .
`` Demolition '' traffics in platitudes rather than anything genuine far too often .
Gyllenhaal is bound to get the most attention for Demolition , as he should . It 's one of his best roles .
Earned tears and unexpected laughter combine for more satisfying impact . Gyllenhaal and Watts can wring empathy out of the oddest of circumstances .
Demolition is a film that recognizes that grief is a mysterious thing , and it does n't necessarily follow the anger-bargaining-acceptance template .
As it stands , Demolition does n't quite come together , but it 's far from a wreck .
The metaphor is heavy-handed . Still , Demolition has a light touch . Vallée is a good soul who traffics in greeting-card ideas that he offsets with interesting crinkles .
A unique tale with Gyllenhaal creating a vibrant , original character assisted by a terrific young actor , Judah Lewis .
`` Demolition '' is a well-meaning misfire , terribly earnest but unconvincing for all of that .
Gyllenhaal , long one of the most underrated actors , shows once again that he can take on an exceptionally challenging role and bring enormous depth and authenticity .
Look , life is an arbitrary set of circumstances , vaguely predictable on the best of days . That is what `` Demolition '' attempts to embrace - the randomness of it all . Instead , unfortunately , it comes across as contrived and often trite .
This is one of those movies made by smart people about smart people that gives the audience no credit .
Demolition features Jake Gyllenhaal 's best performance since Brokeback Mountain and fine works from Chris Cooper , Naomi Watts and young Judah Lewis as well .
Vallée , working from a script by Bryan Sipe , packs in too many symbols and potent signifiers-some are harmless , others are literally sledgehammer heavy . The movie does n't need all that when it 's got Gyllenhaal .
Mr. Gyllenhaal 's strong performance still does n't add enough substance to a film that is hollow at the center . It 's mostly the fault of Mr. Sipe , who seems to believe that saying nothing is saying something .
A committed-to-the-cause Gyllenhaal is n't enough to save Demolition .
Demolition is the rare film that 's doomed by its central conceit : It starts in a hole and mostly keeps digging .
Gyllenhaal may be convincing , even sympathetic , as a man in the manic throes of guilt , regret and emotional isolation he can barely register , let alone articulate . But the story ultimately strands his character in another limbo state .
Offbeat and unpredictable , `` Demolition '' takes a wrecking ball to audience expectations .
Gyllenhaal does n't really cut it in conventional movie-star roles , but this film makes superb use -LRB- as did `` Nightcrawler '' -RRB- of his ability to come across as a slightly misprogrammed android .
Gyllenhaal -LSB- proves -RSB- once again that he 's one of the most interesting actors working today . Unfortunately Jean-Marc Vallée 's film does n't measure up to Gyllenhaal 's performance .
A non-groundbreaking , strangely enjoyable drama seemingly synthesized out of spare parts from previous indies . If all indie schmaltz was this well done I would n't mind indie schmaltz .
Through all the seemingly crazy human behavior in Demolition , Vallée manages a tricky balancing act , inhabiting Davis 's feverish perspective while also standing outside of it .
The lead players triumph over the story 's familiarity , running with Sipe 's ironic dialogue and eccentric situations .
Around the time Davis starts smashing his house and its contents to smithereens , Demolition goes into story overdrive . And stops being interesting .
What keeps you interested in Demolition is accompanying Davis as he solves the mystery of himself . What keeps you checking your watch is that the character 's not terribly interesting to begin with .
Demolition gives viewers a lot to think about when it comes to life 's deepest and most important questions .
It 's hard not to find joy in the character 's rejuvenation - or renovation , to keep with the construction theme . Nevertheless , Demolition is built on a rickety foundation .
The movie is smart enough not to hit us over the head with the parallels between disassembling a machine and dissecting the soul , but it 's also savvy enough not to stay mum on the subject .
It 's not a smooth or easy ride . But it 's worth sticking with .
Though it 's a refreshingly honest look at coming to terms with the death of a loved one , without Gyllenhaal in the lead role , Demolition would n't be nearly as memorable .
It turns a weak script into a watchable and funny piece about bereavement .
Jean-Marc Vallée 's supremely confident `` Demolition '' breezes through 100 minutes of grief and catharsis on the back of yet another dazzling performance from Jake Gyllenhaal .
Director Jean-Marc Vallee keeps pounding the point that Gyllenhaal 's character must destroy his old self to build a new one . It would be funny if it was n't so profoundly unprofound .
When it comes to overstrung , antisocial characters , Jake Gyllenhaal sure knows how to pick -LRB- and breathe new life into -RRB- them .
It is n't a perfect movie , but it is a rewarding one , thanks largely to its superb cast and its willingness to stray into thought-provoking territory .
Demolition says so much about love , loss , and rebirth that it 's easy to forgive a few over-the-top moments .
Demolition ultimately proves disappointingly superficial and incongruously tidy .
Davis begins to break things down in order to rebuild , much like the unnamed protagonist of `` Fight Club '' ... -LSB- but -RSB- the film leans so heavily on symbolism and metaphor that Davis remains one of the metaphors he tries to write about himself .
This might have been a more powerful story , and certainly a more relatable one , had Mitchell been a working class stiff who did n't have the privileged option to simply cease going to work .
Demolition never coalesces into anything meaningful : It 's just a series of incidents that do n't add up to anything .
This story could potentially move us deeply , if only the filmmakers did n't shatter the illusion of reality every five minutes .
`` Demolition '' is mainly for Gyllenhaal fans who relish him in his tortured oddball mode . It 's the kind of movie that I 'm sure will be called `` offbeat , '' but to me it simply misses the beat .
Despite a few electric moments , the movie never makes anything of its stylized displays of frustration , ending in a whiff of narrative and emotional cop-outs .
Thanks to Gyllenhaal 's performance , `` Demolition '' stands out as a powerful meditation on the unhinging effects of deep grief .
Demolition ca n't decide on which deeply meaningful bit of symbolism is most important to Davis ' narcissistic journey of self-discovery .
Powerful , but only in fragments , spending too much time on trivial matters while the rest of the feature slowly grows confused and , ultimately , pointless .
When everything in a movie is reduced to a metaphor then nothing is the least bit real .
Pairing Jake Gyllenhaal with director Jean-Marc Vallée makes for a quirky and inventive dark comedy with emotions that are palpable .
Demolition lacks the substance to be genuinely poetic .
`` Demolition '' is a wreck .
The hero of the new dramedy Demolition at one point muses , `` For some reason , everything 's becoming a metaphor . ''
It demands a lot to make a complicated character like Davis sympathetic , especially as we watch him take a sledgehammer to his life . But Gyllenhaal is up to the task .
Jake Gyllenhaal tears up the screen with one of his best performances in a challenging film about a man trying to put his life on re-set after his wife dies in a tragic car accident .
That ` Demolition ' is n't always annoying and Psych 101 is a credit to Gyllenhaal 's hilarious work and direction , by Jean-Marc Valee , that periodically betrays a decent ambitious streak .
Demolition might just be this year 's poster child for disaffected faux-indie insincerity .
A mix that director Vallée , screenwriter Brian Sipe and a first-rate cast manage to turn into a cohesive whole -- despite several changes in tone .
It may be the first movie in which a character stops shaving his chest in order to express his independence .
Jake Gyllenhaal 's steroid-like performance makes you almost believe that he would destroy his own house to recover feeling .
Demolition plays like a lost Chuck Palahniuk adaptation , darkly comedic , dangerous , and edged with pain .
DEMOLITION is honest about grief : that it 's unique to each of us , that it can be selfish and ugly , that it 's at least as strong for those for whom our love is mixed with some measure of antipathy .
Gyllenhaal mixes humour and falling apart incredibly well .
The cutesy ending suggests that the film 's heart is at least in the right place , but the tiresome histrionics and uniformly overwrought performances end up doing nothing but taking a wrecking ball to the considerable reputations of all concerned .
If it was n't for Gyllehaal 's performance , this movie would become boring after the first half hour . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Unfortunately -LSB- Gyllenhaal is -RSB- running rings around the movie .
About as subtle as the recurring image of a sledgehammer smashing into walls .
Jean-Marc Vallée just deconstructed his oeuvre , his influences , and the A-list Hollywood prestige picture so that he could put it back together again as something even better .
Seems like the kind of movie that could easily grow into a cult classic once more people realize how genius it truly is .
If you sync up with the movie 's rhythm , the experience is weirdly comic and strangely moving .
Demolition flinches at the starter pistol , and all but sits down failing to budge .
Another enthralling performance of the sort which is becoming the norm for him -LSB- Gyllenhaal -RSB- .
Gyllenhaal 's work is strong enough that you wish the movie around him were better .
Demolition finds a way to make its heavy-handed grief metaphor into a pleasingly self-aware and abundantly entertaining smash of a movie .
An impressively committed Gyllenhaal performance in a film not grounded even in stylized reality - with a mad rush of emotionally manipulative twists at the end to tie up the -LRB- many -RRB- loose ends .
This is a film about dealing with shock and grief by acting out , in a way that never really makes any sense or builds into a narrative worth following .
`` A frivolous lark , riddled with manufactured breakthroughs , that does n't demolish the tropes of the eccentric finding-yourself genre , but falls rather blandly right into them . ''
A mess , but Gyllenhaal 's performance is excellent .
A frustratingly aimless soul-search that veers uncomfortably between quirk and melancholy .
A self-consciously quirky comedy-drama that badly overestimates how captivating its damaged , searching characters are .
Gyllenhaal grounds Davis ' wildly unraveling psyche , finding both the humor and heart in a man who admits to having spent the past 10 to 12 years incapable of feeling .
Offbeat , exuberant and occasionally quite hilarious .
This sort of storyline could go wrong very quickly , but thanks to some fortuitously funny moments , Vallee 's assured direction and Gyllenhaal 's spectacular performance it 's surprisingly compelling
Artistic and accessible , it 's another bravado performance by Jake G , a sterling film by Vallée , and an all around impressive look into grieving from a very different and occasionally difficult perspective .

@highlight

Demolition benefits from a stellar cast , even if their solid work is n't always enough to prop up a confused story that aims for profundity but too often settles for clichés .