Revenge stories do n't get a pass just because they are about revenge . If there is a genuine meaning to the legend of Benjamin Barker and what he must go through , poor Tim Burton is no closer to understanding it than his predecessors were .
This dark operatic movie looks like Burton meant every bit of it , that he shared this story 's longing for death and night and blood .
Sweeney Todd is maybe a bit too Grand for its own good . It 's all danse , no macabre .
This is grand-scale studio-work at its most beguiling .
This magnificently realized musical from Stephen Sondheim contains the right blend of emotional pathos , stunning visuals and accessible songs .
It 's gross but will it gross ? Burton and Depp 's cannibal musical is an especially acquired taste - Oliver ! reimagined by Eli Roth . Brave , brutal ... ballads ?
Looks incredible , like a moving painting , but it 's absolutely mediocre ...
It 's rare that entertainment with such a lofty pedigree also offers generous portions of things people actually like : revenge , violence and viscera , a protagonist we can root for , occasional humor , nice tunes . Is that so much to ask ?
Sweeney Todd may just be that rare musical with broad appeal to audiences who might normally say they do n't care for the genre .
Elevates a rollicking gorefest into a dark work of art
This is a remarkable piece of work for people who like their genres all mashed together in a meat grinder .
Sweeney Todd is a throat-slasher of a motion picture . It creates a new genre -- the slasher musical . Adapted from the Tony-winning Broadway musical by Stephen Sondheim , it 's the tuneful tale of cutthroat 's revenge .
A considerable achievement even if , on balance , it 's more of a Tim Burton phantasmagoria than a Sondheim fantasia .
As unsettling as it is riveting . Even Sondheim aficionados will see the story with fresh eyes , unless those eyes are covered .
-LSB- Burton 's -RSB- vision of a dark and smoggy nineteenth century London , with muted colors , is perfect for the music and the story .
The movie may substitute Grand Guignol for laughs at times , but it 's spectacularly stylized -- each throat-slashing exceptional -- persuasively sung , and imaginatively adapted for the screen .
Depp 's staggering performance perfectly merges the story 's humour , horror and romance into a serious punch to the gut .
One of the best movies of his career .
Burton was born to film this strange and spooky chamber piece .
The film suffers from a relentless emphasis on bland , thoroughly forgettable musical numbers whose sameness inevitably lends the proceedings a distinctly oppressive quality .
It is grand guignol with music that will bewitch the uninitiated -- and probably outrage those who know and love the score , especially when it 's sung decently .
In all honesty , neither Depp nor Carter possess stage-quality voices . Instead , both muster emotional performances that sell the parts without selling the music .
Depp does about as well as anyone other than Len Cariou could with his one-note character . Bonham-Carter gives Mrs. Lovett a game stab , but she suffers from all that freaky makeup and lacks the voice of an Angela Lansbury .
There is much to like in Burton 's Sweeney Todd and much not to like , a rather hit-and-miss affair .
Burton 's juxtaposition of the musical numbers with horror is pretty much as entertaining as the medium of film can get .
In addition to branding Sweeney Todd with his signature look , Burton successfully takes advantage of the medium of film in his adaptation the musical .
A dark , brooding horror-musical-comedy that hits all the right notes .
I can not wait to go see this film again and I really want to buy the soundtrack .
The movie belongs to Depp and Bonham Carter , who dance slowly and seductively against the backdrop of Burton 's London until it 's time to paint the town red .
It 's as if Burton was born to direct it .
Burton has done that rare thing -- turned a great play into a great film .
Sweeney Todd ranks among this year 's most intense , haunting , and startling films ; the fact that it also features great songs by Stephen Sondheim is just gravy on the meat pie .
Another bizarre and beautiful excursion courtesy of one of Hollywood 's most creative minds .
Burton took on a risky proposition when he chose to bring Sweeney Todd to the screen . While the result does n't knock my socks off , it 's plenty good enough to report that the risk paid off .
Tim Burton , Johnny Depp , and Helena Bonham-Carter have made so many films together that they 're starting to resemble each other .
We all knew Johnny Depp could act . The brilliantly imagined Sweeney Todd shows he can sing , too .
The most accomplished almost-remake of The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari since the passing of the silent era .
Depp as the malevolent , pasty faced serenading barber chopping away at assorted customer throats while in razor rage meltdown , ca n't seem to carry a tune quite as impressively as a deadly weapon . Could bring beards back into fashion in a jiffy .
It 's not a bad film -- grading on a curve , it 's actually rather enjoyable . But Burton-Depp devotees salivating for a bleak holiday blockbuster need to dial down their expectations .
The difference here is that film audiences are used to blood . So some of the chilling effect is lost ...
Sweeney Todd : The Demon Barber of Fleet Street is a dark and terrifying love story , as much a horror film as a musical extravaganza .
Tim Burton delivers his best film yet .
I was bored out of my skull during many a scene in this film , and would n't dare recommend it to anyone who , like me , does n't like old fashioned musicals .
Musical-haters do n't have to endure glorious kicklines -LRB- Hairspray -RRB- and opera lovers can focus on the leads ' close-ups . If someone sees the movie and then goes to see a stage production , the enormity of this play will blow their brains open .
Un musical soporífero y sangriento que parecía ideal para la macabra imaginación de Tim Burton , pero que resulta una verdadera decepción .
H panemorfi apeikonisi toy heiroteroy Londinoy tis istorias toy ap ' ton Tim Burton , ap ' to ena mati mpainei ki ap ' to allo bgainei , prosferontas mpoliki ikanopoiisi tin ora poy ksediplonetai , alla elahista na pareis mazi soy ekso ap ' tin aithoysa .
Resume perfeitamente as principais qualidades e os maiores defeitos de Tim Burton .
Tim Burton 's Goth opera may be bloody , but it 's most disturbing when it 's talking about love .
Tim Burton takes his trademarks and destroys one of theater 's great musicals .
Scissorhands was bright with eye-popping pastels that took on a sordid sheen ; Sweeney has no such subtext : it 's black , black , and gray , except when the screen floods blood red
With a great supporting cast and some killer -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- musical numbers , this is award winning stuff .
Burton and Depp again prove to be a marvelous combination in this gory yet glorious adaptation of the Stephen Sondheim musical . When was the last time you winced and became misty-eyed in the same movie ?
Burton 's best film since Ed Wood will come in handy for anyone in need of something for the weekend .
Gruesomely satisfying , fans of both Burton and Sondheim are equally liable to be pleased with this marvelous meeting of minds . If the film sags a little at times , its technical prowess and superlative cast ensure we do n't dwell on this for too long .
A grimy concoction from Hell 's own kitchen , laced with black humour and seasoned with hauntingly beautiful music . Tuck in .
A thoughtful , sincere and moving film , buttressed by a fine , central performance by an actor at the top of his form .
This is grand-scale studio-work at its most beguiling .
In his sixth collaboration with Burton , Depp delivers a stunning performance that combines horror , black comedy and genuine heartache , like an evil version of Edward Scissorhands -- he deservedly received an Oscar nomination earlier this week .
Whether horror fans are ready for high-notes or musical buffs will appreciate Dario Argento levels of gore is an open question , but this is a rich , demented experience .
Sweeney Todd is a connoisseur 's delight -- an ultra dark tale with little respite , told in true Burtonesque fashion .
Deserves kudos for attempting to bring a cerebral and extremely violent story , told almost entirely in song , to the multiplex masses . It 's just a shame that , ironically , there 's little humanity beneath Sweeney Todd 's sumptuous outer pastry .
Sweeney Todd is a connoisseur 's delight % u2013 an ultra dark tale with little respite , told in true Burtonesque fashion
In Toby 's story , even more than in Sweeney Todd 's , the film observes the evolution of vengeance as ethos , the ways it can come to look like justice , a means to escape `` living hells . ''
Like the Broadway version I saw eons ago , the film , its title character and the Sondheim score left me cold .
Is n't cannibalism and the slitting of throats a hoot !
Similar to watching a movie about cattle being killed and cut up at a slaughter house , but more entertaining .
It may be too much for some , but for those who can appreciate the tastefully tasteless , it 's a feverish jolt to the senses to see such beautiful music and pathos paired with such horrid images .
One of the years best films , musical or otherwise .
It is distinguished , hypnotic , brilliantly executed and positively electrifying .
Tim Burton 's morbid imagination is a good match for Stephen Sondheim 's noir guignol operetta ...
Movie is darker , much bloodier than stage musical .
Did I mention lately how very much I love Tim Burton 's brain ? Few could have taken , would have dared to take , a musical stage play of this depth and managed to make it into such a beautiful film . Burton and his gang have though . Read On - >
One word sums this up . Bravo !
Johnny Depp 's dynamic performance in the title role is Oscar worthy , and arguably the greatest of his career .
From the movie 's opening organ blast to the pieta with which it ends , ` Sweeney Todd ' is a formally precise artwork about vice washing away virtue .
If only Johnny Depp had made his Willy Wonka this disturbingly attractive .
The brooding gothic romanticism of the source material plays right into Burton 's cinematic wheelhouse .
Great idea -- a musical with actors who ca n't sing .
Love the play , but this film adaptation left a bad taste in my mouth .
The imagery , music , and intoxicating blend of vengeance and madness -- with just a smidgen of Priest ; you 'll see , if you do n't already know -- will linger long after you leave the theater .
Murder , music , and monsters happily drenched in blood .
Should have been a standing triple for Burton to hit off the wall instead of hitting it head-on until the guignol nature became less than grand .
There 's thrilling , as in ` producing sudden , strong and deep emotion or excitement . ' And there 's thrilling % u2014 as in ` moving with rapture ; delighting beyond measure . ' Star Johnny Depp and director Tim Burton 's sixth collaboration is both : a striking , so
What the movie version of Sweeney Todd preserves best is the corrosive power of Todd 's revenge and the intricate rhymes of Sondheim 's lyrics .
... Burton and Depp put their stamp on Sweeney Todd , bringing the Demon Barber of Fleet Street to life for a whole new audience .
This black cauldron of a film , with its spider-blood visual scheme , may be the purest example of imagemaking the movies have given us in far too long .
It may not be Burton 's best film , or his most innovative , but it always stays faithful to his uniquely haunted soul .
This version glories in the gory . Depp 's singing limitations rob the character of Sweeney of his all-important contagious savage fury .
Bloody good , a lusciously Grand Guignol excercise that 's true to the composer 's original vision but spectacularly cinematic as well .
Tim Burton 's most focused , alert and satisfying film since Ed Wood
The result is a musical that I dare say works even better on screen than on stage .
Admittedly it is bloody as hell , but there 's something just stylish enough about the way it 's executed -- pun intended -- that even viewers with weak constitutions should be able to stomach the violence .
Unparalleled visual splendor , a bloody red-velvet fever dream of a musical for people who think they HATE musicals .
-LSB- A -RSB- ll operatic gruesomeness and cobblestones-and-fog moodiness , -LSB- this -RSB- is perfect . One of the most perfect movies ever , maybe , and sure to be pointed to for forever as the way to do a movie musical right .
A wickedly entertaining blood feast .
-LSB- W -RSB- e have n't seen this much hemoglobin in a Johnny Depp film since the infamous blood geyser in A Nightmare on Elm Street .
This Sweeney Todd is all subtext and no substance . It starts off large and swaggering but does n't know where to turn next : Burton seems fixated on serving up an event , to the extent that he neglects to dig into the story .
If there were a cinematic version of a harmonic convergence , it would look something like `` Sweeney Todd . ''
A movie musical for people who do n't like musicals , in the way that -- for example -- Kenneth Branagh 's ` Frankenstein ' was a horror movie for people who do n't like horror movies .
It 's like Dario Argento blood just spurting everywhere ...
Personally , I have never sung a love song to my razor , although I did hoist a boom-box over my head and crank Peter Gabriel 's In Your Eyes to my pomade once back in 1989 .
It has vision to spare , which is rare enough in the modern cinema , and it was made by a director clearly in love with his material , which is rarer . It is not the definitive version of the musical , but maybe we do n't need a definitive version .
The most elegant slasher movie ever made .
Like a lot of Sondheim 's plays , it 's a mixed bag of pros and cons , but Sweeney Todd is worth seeing for Carter alone , much less the excellent design on every level .
Mesmerizing and highly entertaining .
Tim Burton 's grand guignol fantasy transforms Stephen Sondheim 's 1979 musical-theater piece into a cheerfully gothic morality tale .
It 's easily Burton 's best since , well , ever .
I 'm a tough audience for Sweeney Todd , since I 've probably played the original cast album a thousand times , but even I think it 's worth your time .
Burton 's overall restraint is a welcome surprise . Shorn of his usual camp trappings , the director evokes a sadness beneath every uneasy smile he draws from the audience .
Sometimes jaunty , often dark , and very stylized . In other words , it 's a perfect fit for director Tim Burton .
Stylized but spasmodic , this Sweeney seems more interested in distancing than captivating an audience .
It 's Sondheim 's gorgeously dissonate score that makes the greatest impact . The lush strings and emphatic horns ca n't help but lift the spirit even as they chill the bones .
Burton is one of the truest of originals in the business of big-budget filmmaking , with a baroque imagination , a fetishistic love of detail , a perverse sense of humor and the courage to see his inspirations through to their most outlandish extremes .
A symphony of blood , bravura , butchery , barbarity and beauty , this film could quite possibly be the musical event of the year .
While certainly not for all viewers , and even if it takes a bit to gain viewer engagement and traction , the film turns out to be , pardon the obligatory pun , fairly bloody fun .
Depp may not be a trained singer , but his voice is more than passable , and his presence -- his Sweeney is Edward Scissorhands gone bad -- is perfect .
By all means go , and be prepared for a holiday musical like no other .
Visually expansive and imaginative .
The wait for a good Tim Burton movie is finally over .
A great film , a landmark in musical cinema and the best movie of 2007 .
The most faithful and effective transfer of a musical to screen I 've seen . And bloody good fun besides .
Sondheim 's original musical was already a mad synthesis of Jacobean shock , Brechtian irony and Dickensian pathos -- to which Burton 's lush visuals add another layer of aesthetic distance . The overall effect is somewhere between melodrama and camp .
The film benefits from Burton 's consistency of vision . Swooping camera work and a sense of really discomfiting fantasy do the groundwork . When characters break into song , it fits in the world Burton has built .
No sentiment goes unbloodied in -LSB- Burton 's -RSB- exuberantly dark Sweeney Todd .
The whole experience is underwhelming , except for the violence , which is entirely overwhelming .
There 's something about the 1979 Stephen Sondheim musical that awakened something audacious and inspired in Burton , sparking him to make his best film since `` Ed Wood . ''
Sweeney Todd left me torn . There were so many elements that I loved but then there were those constant , annoying songs .
An elegant horror film that takes pleasure in its own theatricality , gives pleasure with caustic wit , trusts the power of Stephen Sondheim 's score and exults in flights of fancy that only a movie can provide .
It combines some of Tim Burton 's favorite elements : The fantastic , the ghoulish , the bizarre , the unspeakable , the romantic and in Johnny Depp , he has an actor he has worked with since Edward Scissorhands and finds a perfect instrument .
This is n't a movie for lovers of Sondheim 's grimly funny musical , as most of the jokes fall flat in this joyless version . It 's a movie for people who 'd like to hear Depp do another British accent and wear a Bride of Frankenstein wig .
A conceptual masterstroke . Sweeney always wanted to be a revenger 's tragedy to make us recoil in fright . Now it is . Merry Christmas .
A warped dream of domestic bliss that leaves you horrified and inconsolable .
Poor Depp is n't up to the challenge of a musical . He may look menacing with his ivory skin and flashing eyes , but he sings like he 's three drinks into a night at the local karaoke bar .
Touches on Dostoevskian notions of playing God and purging the world of its lowlife rabble , and at times Todd seems something of a proletariat hero , exacting class reparations by night and knife .
Very charming in its dark and twisted way , although not without some flaws and odd choices .
Pairing his Burton 's whimsy with Stephen Sondheim 's witty lyrics and lilting melodies makes for a combination as engrossing as it is unlikely .
There 's no hole in the floor for an orchestra pit , there 's a lot of CGI and some razor-keen wit.If you do n't know the show , just roll with it
As the perfect marriage of maker and material , this dark , disturbing splatter-etta stands as the best film of 2007 .
It pulls you into Burton 's world with its stunning performances and visuals .
-LSB- Sweeney Todd -RSB- is a wonder to behold , but only those with Burton 's acquired tastes would want to sample a pie overstuffed with such joylessness .
the perfect movie this holiday for anyone sick of jingle bells and angels getting their wings .
... easy to recommend . It 's an intelligent adaptation of a brilliant piece of material , preserving most of what was good first time around and bringing to the fore all the additional aspects that film provides .
-LSB- It -RSB- works as a big screen version of one of the great achievements of the musical stage , as a dark and scary horror film , and as Tim Burton 's finest film in over a decade .
Burton 's work here is strong and self-assured and never allows the lavish production design to dominate the storytelling .
Sweeney Todd is exactly the musical Burton fans have wished him to make . It 's a bloody mess of vengeance and lost love , full of throat-slitting mayhem .
It 's a delightfully bloody trip to a grimy , but melodic , Victorian London .
It 's as if Stephen Sondheim 's musical was meant to be a Tim Burton movie all along .
Delightfully gruesome , it is laced with morbid humor , and yet a sense of tragedy and loss weighs heavily upon it .
A consistently great experience , and I 'd love to go back and see it again in three weeks when the Hot Topic generation has latched on to it and will be singing along in the theater .
The material , a Gothic yarn of bloody revenge , seems specially suited for the macabre hand of Tim Burton , but alas , such is not the case .
I 'm not sure Tim Burton 's Sweeney Todd works very well as a musical , but it 's one hell of a movie .
Either audiences will lap up the exaggerated Grand Guignol theatrics with a nervous smile or they 'll cower in their seats hoping to switch their tickets to the next available showing of Enchanted .
Sweeney Todd is often considered Stephen Sondheim 's masterpiece ; it 's too early to say , but it may be Tim Burton 's as well .
A fantastically haunting tale , a nightmare musical ... that 's gripping from the first minor chord on the organ to the bloody , inevitable resolution .
The sub-par singing detracts from the film , as it must . Then again , the whole point is that Tim Burton is smart enough not to make Sweeney Todd about the songs .
Burton has made some great pictures -- Sweeney Todd is the culmination of them .
Sweeney Todd is the creative peak of an eccentric career and one of the year 's very best films .
Tim Burton 's scaled-down adaptation chooses style over substance . The result , however , is still a pretty enjoyable film .
Burton brings his signature visual style , and a pair of stock players for his stars , into this film adaptation , but he wisely follows Sondheim 's lead , letting the music and spirit of the original piece show the way .
Sweeney Todd is as much a horror film as a musical . It is also something close to a masterpiece .
Those with strong stomachs will find this darkly comic piece is not just a bloody mess . Instead , it 's bloody good fun .
for all its unmistakable faults , it casts such a complete spell that I 'm chomping at the bit to see it again
Here comes a Christmas musical that is not trying to warm the heart as much as rip it out while it 's still beating . Sweeney Todd : The Demon Barber of Fleet Street is bloody perfect .
Working with Johnny Depp , his favorite leading man , and Helena Bonham-Carter , his off - and on-screen muse , Burton creates a vast world of Victorian gothic menace that ideally sets off Stephen Sondheim 's grimly intricate lyrics .
Singers that ca n't sing , repetitive tunes that are n't the least bit memorable and a director more in love with his macabre settings than with the story or the songs sure make for one long night at the movies .
Sure to make you nervous to get a haircut .
This killer Sweeney is thrillingly executed from start to splatter-ific finish .
Director Tim Burton has found the right look and , more crucially , the right scale for his film version of the grandiose 1979 Broadway musical thriller .
It is rare for a film to achieve a feeling of unequivocal , breathtaking transcendence , but Sweeney Todd : The Demon Barber of Fleet Street does just that .
It 's testament to both the gonzo power of the source material and the completeness of Burton 's vision that the movie works in spite of one teensy catch : they ca n't sing .
What a pleasure it is , then , to report that Burton 's version tends more to the abattoir than the amusement park ...
Well-crafted if relatively impersonal .
Two hours of singing is going to bore the pants off of gore-starved viewers , and the last-reel gore is going to scare the pants of the foofy Broadway types . And that means a theatre full of people without pants .
Burton brings Sondheim 's 1979 musical to the screen with a visual style informed by a truly cinematic feel for Grand Guignol .
Abetted by Wolski 's swooping , receding camera and Jonathan Tunick 's propulsive orchestrations , Burton makes this as fluid and dynamic as any screen ride this year , musical or otherwise .
A cheeky , good-looking splatter fest that humorlessly shoves the grimness of Stephen Sondheim 's stage musical in the viewer 's face . The result : ugh .
One of the most memorable films of the year .
It 's strangely beautiful and beautifully strange , with horrific subject matter that produces plenty of wicked humor and characters who initially seem ghoulish but ultimately reveal themselves as sympathetic and deeply sad .
Dismal sets , cartoonish gore and Johnny Depp singing -- what 's so appealing about that ? Just about everything , actually .
It breathes new life into the genre by dousing it in buckets of blood .
A striking if stomach-turning big-screen treatment .
You 'll be twisted , manipulated and repulsed , but always entertained . You might also find yourself uttering `` God , That 's Good . ''
If you can handle the blood-spurting scenes Sweeney Todd might be a movie to check out after the glow of the holiday bulbs has dimmed .
Turns out Sweeney Todd needed Tim Burton more than Tim Burton needed Sweeney Todd .
-LSB- Depp and Bonham Carter -RSB- provide this rousing musical with the emotional heft necessary to prevent it from merely becoming an exercise in Gothic chic .
An invigorating experience that ranks among the best stage-to-screen translations ever filmed .
The most obvious reference point for 2007 Best Picture nominee Sweeney Todd is Baz Luhrmann 's equally fluid 2001 Best Picture nominee Moulin Rouge !
You might not be humming the songs when you leave the theater , but the haunting visuals will definitely stick in your head .
This well-sung and perfectly acted adaptation falls way short of a triumph because Burton misplaces his sense of humor . He only almost makes Sweeney Todd his own .
In the end , the real problem with the Demon Barber of Fleet Street is that he 's not as bloody fun as he should be .
Sweeney Todd has been my favorite stage musical for years . Now it is my favorite film of 2007 .
Sweeney Todd certainly succeeds as spectacle , but for the first time in a long time , Burton is completely keyed into the human drama unfolding in front of him .
Everything a Burton picture should be , everything a musical should be , everything the play should be and everything the venerable horror story of good old Sweeney should be .
Despite the weak vocal work , the film does nevertheless border on brilliance , and seems to be a shoo in for an Academy Award nomination .
Tell me , is it good ? Sir , it 's too good at least . It 's mighty entertainment that makes you feel sorry for the poor saps in the next theater at the multiplex .
While I may not be singing its praises note for note , this certainly is the only gory , grim gothic musical curio out in theaters this Christmas - and for that reason alone , it 's a gift to attend the tale of Sweeney Todd .
Revenge is a dish best served cold , exactly how I was left after watching Helena Bonham Carter butcher a cheeky star turn in Tim Burton 's cutthroat musical .
As much as he 's a filmmaker , Burton is also a graphic artist in the tradition of Charles Addams and Edward Gorey -- and here he 's successfully incorporated Sweeney Todd into his own distinctively dank and spidery gothic world .
A Grand Guignol , with plot elements from Jacobean tragedy , The Count of Monte Cristo , and Jack the Ripper , it 's the perfect mélange for the master of the macabre , Tim Burton .
Keeping every performer on point , Burton draws the strongly structured material together to produce a black comedy and still blacker tragedy surging with jugular urgency . It haunts the mind for days .
This grisly , grim and ghoulish gothic tale of vengeance is a thoroughly entertaining gore-filled experience , whether you 're a fan of musicals or not .
The perfect marriage of artist and material .
A cynical , chill-inducing , blood-splattering cinematic operetta ! Forget about your preconceptions - and relish one of the 10 Best Movies of 2007 .
While too closed-in and stagy to be effectively cinematic , ` Sweeney ' is still an effectively blood-curdling revenge thriller and perhaps a satiric commentary on capitalism 's cannibalistic thrust .
Even for Tim Burton and Johnny Depp it 's really dark material .
Tim Burton 's film of Stephen Sondheim 's Sweeney Todd is spellbinding .
How do you rescue the hell brew from absurdity ?
This Sweeney Todd blasts audaciously away with all the forces and resources of cinematic realization in a smashing production .
It 's awash in grimly gorgeous sights , mercilessly dark humor , oddly amusing tunes , and all sorts of strange goings-on ... Burton and Depp strike gothic gold once again .
Sweeney Todd is a thriller-diller from start to finish : scary , monstrously funny and melodically thrilling . And Depp is simply stupendous .
Burton has an affinity for the mayhem 's Grand Guignol setting , of course . But more valuably , he has a unique collaborative relationship with his longtime leading man .
Where previous Sweeneys have found room in the character for both anguish and exultation amidst all the faraway looks and obsessional glowering , Depp skirts along the edge of the emotional chasm without ever really diving in .
Burton delivers a less comic , more appealing Sweeney Todd in this Johnny Depp tour-de-force . Frankly , it 's bloody great .
Outstanding singing performances from its gifted ensemble cast contrast unfavorably with Burton 's trademark affinity for a monochromatic color scheme of white , blue , brown and gray .
The performances are pitched at just the right scale : theatrically exaggerated but untainted by `` Broadway '' bombast . Who knew Burton would have such an uncanny feel for how to film a musical ?
Since Sweeney Todd premiered in 1979 , screen serial killers have multiplied like so many disposable razors . Making the audience feel something more than the thrill of watching movie stars is the challenge here , and Sweeney Todd somehow cuts itself short .
It 's bloody -- and it 's bloody excellent .
This represents one happy instance of a film made by a director without stage experience that genuinely serves the intentions of the original piece .
The show could n't have fallen into better hands .
Dark , haunting , and visionary , Sweeney Todd reps Tim Burton 's best film since Ed Wood and his most challenging teaming with Johnny Depp . A mesmerizing , Oscar-caliber work that should satisfy Sondheim 's fans and bring new recruits .
The story is so very strong . The music is so magnificent . And with undeniable performances by Depp , Rickman , and Baron Cohen , the film really works .



@highlight

Full of pith and Grand Guignol grossness , this macabre musical is perfectly helmed and highly entertaining . Tim Burton masterfully stages the musical in a way that will make you think he has done this many times before .