It turns out to be grittier and more lowdown than that Ray Charles bio .
Cadillac Records is not a terrible movie but in the chain of rags to riches films -LRB- Dreamgirls , Ray , Walk the Line , etc. -RRB- it definitely falls at the bottom of the heap .
The music is good , the suits are sharp , but it 's the outstanding performances that wow . Walker is electrifying as Howlin ' Wolf and Beyoncé - playing Etta James - has never been so sultry and sexy .
The music , largely performed by the actors , is highly enjoyable .
The rich soundtrack is one of the highlights of this solid , unfamiliar story in which most of the actors do all their own singing .
Perhaps there were insurmountable legal restrictions . But the movie still serves as a dandy primer for rediscovering a lot of great music .
A scattershot ensemble piece that exceeds its reach in its retelling of the origins of Chicago 's Chess label .
Anyone who likes pop music or wonders how bands like the Rolling Stones got rolling will enjoy the ride .
Sadly the movie conforms to all the music-biopic stereotypes we 've seen in Walk the Line , Ray and Dreamgirls .
The film is a mess .
This film is more like a limousine than a Cadillac - it is very long and carries far too many people .
The music is great , so energetic and vital it leaves the drama looking unfocused in comparison . Beyoncé , singing her heart out , is the pick of a very impressive line-up .
It 's a shame director Darnell Martin depends so heavily on the clichéd conventions of every other rags-to-riches biopic .
Dripping with drink/drugs/infidelity melodrama : it 's almost impossible not to make a compelling movie out of this material , but somehow writer/director Darnell Martin manages .
Packed with great music and some fine performances from a terrific cast .
As a brash , showbiz-y digest of blues roots and culture , it 's lovingly designed and performed in the right spirit , finding as much to cherish in a Cadillac 's tailfin as in a risqué rhyming couplet .
Beyoncé proves her Dreamgirls turn was no fluke in this so-so Blues melodrama .
In story terms , its cavalcade of melodrama and conflict is n't always persuasive , but writer-director Darnell Martin 's respect for the music shines through .
Her warts-and-all history of the blues has as much documentary truth as a West End musical .
But asking her to play Etta James , even packing a few extra pounds around the hips , was a mistake : she wobbles , and tries to sound husky , and the movie sags noticeably under the sense of effort .
The story of Chess Records -LRB- Muddy Waters , Chuck Berry etc -RRB- is a tad episodic , but the cast , including Beyonce , is strong .
A perfectly serviceable addition to a well-stocked genre that acts as a fine showcase for not only the strong cast but the timeless tunes that made Chess Records a cornerstone of popular music .
A busy sometimes incoherent biopic about legendary Chicago blues / R&B label Chess Records during its '50s peak , Cadillac Records jams half a dozen music legends into one overstuffed film .
This terrifically tuneful movie offers a fascinating taste of musical history , with Beyonce just fine as Etta James .
Darnell Martin 's film is distinguished by some more than adequate performances but drifts through the story of the record label .
Enjoyable whizz through a chapter of musical history , with a terrific soundtrack and great performances across the board .
Energetic performances and a strong true story lift this rather simplistic movie into something watchable
This is a join-the-dots yawn-fest of the laziest kind , ditching any serious attempt to get its teeth into the characters .
As films go , it 's more like Stars In Their Eyes as you listen in wonder and look for faults in the excellent impersonators .
The film 's mangled chronology and melodrama ring flat alongside Ray , Walk the Line and the classic Patsy Cline biopic , Sweet Dreams .
Messy , but with great musical performances .
Darnell Martin 's chronicle of the lives of Leonard Chess , Muddy Waters and others is a familiar tale that survives thanks to the successful efforts of its talented cast and crew .
This one 's worth the price of admission for the music alone .
-LSB- It -RSB- is n't the last word on this chapter of music history ... but with great music and solid performances , it 's good place to start .
The film has a certain low-budget charm -LRB- as a period piece , it recalls such Roger Corman productions as ` The Lady in Red ' -RRB- , but the performers deserve a more convincing showcase .
An entertaining but frustrating film . There are some good performances , and some great music , but the movie is too jumbled and confused to reach the heights to which it aspires .
The actors do a wonderful job capturing the unique qualities of the artists they portray . Then they get coked up and sleep with minors .
It helps that every performance is remarkable .
The film celebrates the music and the talent but provides only shorthand glimpses of the biographies and career highlights of the figures involved .
Cadillac Records has impressive performances by multi-talented actors , heart , soul , and of course , music that just wo n't stop .
Features some good acting - you show them , Beyonce - but too many stories drain the effect of the film .
It 's fast , slick and well acted . Lots of energy and a soulful performance by Wright make this well worth the trip .
Terrific performances make mature musical biopic memorable .
I think music fans will enjoy this .
There is not one authentic moment of human discourse in the whole movie .
The film suffers at times from biopic-itis -- the narrative unfolds with the requisite heartbreak carefully apportioned -- but it 's always eye-catching .
Highly recommended musical melodrama revisits rise of Chess Records , despite the glaring omission of Aretha who recorded her very first album with legendary company in 1956 . How about showing the Queen of Soul a little R-E-S-P-E-C-T ?
There 's enough material here for a television mini-series , and cramming it into less than two hours ca n't help but make it seem like a Cliffs Notes version .
Aurally satisfying but superficial ... buy the R&B soundtrack instead .
While the storyline is somewhat disjointed , the music really shines .
The movie charts the rise and fall of the label without ever centering on any characters or relationships ; it 's history without personality .
Parts of Cadillac Records surface as warm reminders of a timeless musical era . Most of Cadillac Records comes across as a miserable Saturday Night Live skit without the benefit of a sleep-deprived audience to feign approval .
A historically suspect picture of the Chess Records legend .
Cadillac Records may be a mess dramatically , but it 's a wonderful mess , and not just because of the great music .
While the story could use a tighter focus , the ensemble is strong and the music makes Cadillac Records worth catching .
One of the strengths of Cadillac Records , written and directed by Darnell Martin , is that it 's a movie about music by someone who genuinely seems to enjoy listening to music .
Any of these musicians deserves a Walk the Line or Coal Miner 's Daughter-type biopic of their own ; perhaps this flawed but enjoyable movie is the first step toward that .
A good general rule is that if one performance is good , credit the actor . But if everyone in the movie is doing excellent work , this is no coincidence . This is the product of superior direction .
Martin , who also wrote the script , takes liberties with the Chess story , most notably dispensing altogether with Phil Chess . But `` Cadillac Records '' is such an exhilarating , spirited piece of work that its embellishments and omissions cease to matter .
With this cast doing its own singing , and history this rich , it 's close enough for rock 'n' roll .
` Cadillac Records ' has the talent and the music that should propel audiences to come see where the heart of rock and roll started .
Too bad for Knowles that she 's only part of Darnell Martin 's rushed mess of a movie that jams the story of Chicago-based Chess Records into one incoherent package .
Cadillac Records exists mainly as a holiday throw-away for those with a deep and abiding love for the kind of music it showcases .
As drama , Cadillac is adequate . As a jukebox musical , it soars .
It 's a movie that 's , mostly , a soundtrack . But , good lord , still . What a soundtrack .
Most of the actors perform wonderful re-creations of the original song that give Cadillac Records entertainment value well beyond the hackneyed story lines .
You see all the major landmarks , but how enlightening can a road trip be if you never even get off the highway ?
While this whitewashes Chess of exploiting his black performers , fails to use the great voices of Berry and James , and minimizes the music , it picks up after a disjointed first half
Chess electrified the blues , Chuck Berry electrified white audiences and after seeing this film you 're going to want to find a compilation of Chess hits , settle in with a longneck and groove to some of the best American music ever made .
Martin could have made a much more compelling film by focusing on just a few characters instead of trying to deconstruct an entire record label .
Purists might prefer simply to listen to the original recordings , but for those less knowledgeable this is a great introduction .
Etta 's story will be better told in another film , surely .
The electrifying music helps camouflage the screenplay 's hyperbole .
Writer-director Darnell Martin regularly twists or obscures the truth , without illuminating characters beyond superficialities .
The problem with the film , mostly , is that it 's overstuffed with historical incidents that do n't really cohere into a convincing story beyond the usual rise-fall-rebirth stuff .
Fifty years on , we 're still living with the aftershocks of what Muddy and Wolf invented and the Chess brothers midwived , but it 's in the air and not yet on the screen .
It 's filled with bumps and scratches . But in the manner of a nicked old LP , its gnarly surface and warps-and-all sound evokes real life .
Magnificent performances and soul-shaking music make up for some narrative stumbles and dubious fictions in this film about the legendary Chicago record label .
This music biopic has some charismatic performances and numbers , but suffers from a glut of stories , too little time to tell them and resultant cursory treatment .
Parental Content Review
In the ambitious and cluttered Cadillac records , Leonard Chess redistributes income among his artists , but the point is not lost on any of them that he decides who plays when and even how to play .
Jeffrey Wright convinces as Muddy Waters and Mos Def dazzles as rock - 'n' - roller Chuck Berry , but it 's Beyonce who upstages everyone as singer Etta James .
as a tribute to Chess and its importance to modern music , this is half-baked heritage , entertaining but incomplete .
It feels disappointingly bloated and too fast-paced by half .
Cadillac Records is a rollicking and insightful celebration of Chicago blues in its hectic golden age .
An entertaining biopicture about the rise of Chess Records and its impressive list of blues musicians and singers .
Even if the details are n't just right , the story is well told .
Adopting the once-over-the-most-famous-moments-lightly approach favored by the sort of movies and retrospectives that VH1 Classic airs on a loop , Cadillac Records plays more like a collection of costumed episodes than a cohesive film .
If Cadillac Records had a theme song , it would be Zeppelin 's ` Communication Breakdown ' or House of Pain 's ` Jump Around . '
The film is choppy at times and its time line a little squiggly , but `` Cadillac Records '' should please as a celebration of the best of the Blues and the birth of Rock 'n Roll .
Alas , terrific tunes can only carry a motion picture so far , and the material in between them is scattershot at best .
Just as in real life , no matter what else is going on in these musicians ' lives , the music temporarily makes everything much better .
All formula , all the time .
The cast all looks and sings the part -- and Knowles sure fills out James ' tight dresses -- just make sure your theater popcorn is coated with grains of salt .
Fast , crisp and lively , the film packs a half-dozen stories into two hours with little time for melodrama or sermonizing . The dialogue is quick and sharp ; short scenes make powerful points .
Any student of rock history would have to be concerned that Hollywood might have only one chance to get this right . Cadillac Records does n't manage that , but with this cast doing its own singing , and history this rich , it 's close enough for rock 'n' roll .
In watching this film , it 's best not to worry much about the film 's fidelity to history but rather simply lean back and enjoy one great jam session on film .
Darnell Martin races through the script 's bullet points with a brisk superficiality that leaves crucial plot points underdeveloped and unresolved , and refuses to engage the dark side of Leonard Chess ' paternalism .
The film is a fascinating record of the evolution of a black musical style , and the tangled motives of the white men who had an instinct for it .
The music is , of course , great . But the real strength of Cadillac Records is found in the stories behind it .
With great performances , a grown-up script and amazing music , Cadillac Records may not change your life , but there 's an excellent chance it 'll change your record collection , and for the better .
Cadillac Records is as flat as the LPs you 'd be better off listening to for the 109 minutes required to watch the film .
takes no chances , but what it lacks in originality it makes up for by being so completely enraptured by the music that it takes the audience along with it
Cadillac Records lacks a center , yet it 's an enjoyable ramble , with a feel for what made the early days of rock as wild as any that followed .
The result feels even more cursory and rushed than the average music biopic , a genre that 's already difficult to depict without lapsing into self-parody .
A first rate film with an outstanding cast ...
There does n't seem to be a single fact contained within writer-director Darnell Martin 's ham-fisted fiction , which renders pre-rock musical history as yet another downer soap opera .
The standout acting performance comes from Wright , who , though he does n't look particularly like Waters , captures some of the singer 's physicality and delivers some poignant moments as the great bluesman begins to lose his commercial mojo .
A disjointed attempt at covering far too many angles and artists to make for a cohesive film ... this is n't the movie that 'll get these musicians the respect they deserve .
The ensemble is stupendous -- howlingly great -- and the music goes deep .
Stealing the show , so to speak are Beyonce 's mesmerizing Etta James , Eamonn Walker 's stunning Howlin ' Wolf impression , and Mos Def 's hilariously irreverent reprisal of rock 'n roll 's young rabble-rouser founding father extraordinaire , Chuck Berry .
Visually and narratively flat .
Beyoncé emotes and cries and seduces at all the right moments , but her character obscures what should have been the heart of the film .
It 's good to see the gifted but underused Darnell Martin -LRB- I Like It Like That -RRB- working , and her showbiz biopic displays good acting -LRB- especially Jeffrey Wright -RRB- and music , even if the story and the telling are not always exciting to watch .
Approaching the blues with the enthusiasm of an overcaffeinated brass band , helmer Darnell Martin nonetheless makes some kind of music with the percolating '50s biopic Cadillac Records .







@highlight

What Cadillac Records may lack in originality , it more than makes up for in strong performances and soul-stirring music .