While the movie is harmless , it lacks a certain spark to be really entertaining . Lots of the jokes are flat and obvious , without being awful .
Not only did I want to go to sleep the entire time , but I would n't watch this movie again if you told me my life depended on it .
Ahoy ! There be decent family fare among the January junk seas !
As I was n't expecting much , I must say that Pirates does n't disappoint .
... harmless fun for small kids ...
Young children appreciate all the bouncing shapes and bright colors -LRB- speaking of which , you might wonder why Robert the Terrible is a darker shade of green than any of his relatives -RRB- , but anyone over six will be bored early and often .
I kept hoping someone would arrive on the scene with a Veg-O-Matic and put a stop to it .
Like steamed veggies : Good for you , but bland .
The notion of no arms , especially when they 're sword fighting and the swords just sort of float in front of their bodies , seems like a long way to go to establish unique cartoon characters .
While there 's adventure and clever gags ... I could have done with a little more silliness and some more songs like ` The Hairbrush Song ' and ` Bellybutton . '
The colorful but limited animation can seem static on the big screen , but the gentle humor and equally gentle lessons will appeal to younger children and long-time fans .
It 's full of mild goofiness and equally mild messages about believing in yourself . It 's all good-natured enough . It just is n't actually good .
Will probably bring more tiny buccaneers into the VeggieTales fold , but some adult viewers may feel like walking the plank before the film is over .
I have to admit that this animated VeggieTales endeavor is far more entertaining and artistically competent than anything offered in the last two Pirates of the Caribbean movies .
The trio learns that heroes come in all sizes , hardly a revelation to audiences of any age .
This is no savvy Toy Story . It 's a boilerplate plot like one you might find in any morning cartoon .
It 's a much better film than the last big-screen Veggie outing , with good-looking character design , catchy songs , a wisecracking script and more skillfully disguised messages .
I 've seen more exciting no-smoking announcements in theaters .
Aside from the fun musical scenes , the script is pretty lackluster , and the animation could generously be described as old-fashioned .
A gentle adventure-comedy that sails a heroes ' journey so straight and true that Joseph Campbell would smile .
Pirates scores with adventure , humor and a morality tale rather than a standard biblical message .
-LSB- A -RSB- n attack by Cheetos dentata ... is deeply unsettling in a way I 'm not sure a children 's movie is supposed to be ...
Imparts the Bible-inspired storytelling parents and kids have come to expect from VeggieTales in a less obvious but as-fun-as-always package
Pirates is a film whose insipid , generic plainness is its worse offense .
Is it a coincidence or an animator 's inside joke that the veggies ' innocent smiles of joy look exactly like Cartman 's when he enters a room of Cheesy Poofs ?
This second bigscreen adventure from the popular VeggieTales franchise should easily win over tots with its reliable menu of silly songs , easily digestible morals and wholesome -LRB- if not always fresh -RRB- produce-based characters .
Clever enough to keep adults entertained , even if the story is something of an antique .
The Pirates Who Do n't Do Anything has just enough unassuming cleverness to keep you from checking your watch while the little people in your company get wrapped up in the color and clamor .
The film offers plenty of kid-level humor -LRB- as well as a few references adults will pick up on -RRB- , a decent story and , as you might guess , a positive message .
What is missing from the film is any spark of imagination .
Humorless , incoherent , and ugly as sin .



@highlight

This Veggietale should please the youngest crowds , but the silly script will tire the more discerning viewer .