Code Name : The Cleaner is n't the worse comedy ever made ; it probably wo n't even be the worst of 2007 . For the most part it 's simply boring , with fleeting patches of ineptness .
The Entertainer conjures up some charm , and DeRay Davis provides pyrotechnics as a janitor/wanna-be rapper , but like the teddy-clad bubble-bath square-off between Liu and Sheridan , it 's just not enough .
Depressingly laugh-free comedy that 's so irredeemably awful that you 'll wonder why Martin Lawrence is n't in it .
The one laugh is in the production notes , where director Les Mayfield claims this is a comic take on the Jason Bourne movies . As if .
If you like comedies but hate going to the trouble of actually laughing , then this might just be the movie you 've been waiting for .
Although comprised of lowest-common denominator gags , it 's an oddly hard-to-follow affair , with good and bad FBI agents popping up everywhere and the plot only revealing itself in fits and starts .
The sooner Code Name ... gets flushed out of cinemas , the better .
where the number-one superguy used to solve crazy mix-ups like this in 15 minutes , The Cleaner takes a laboured , exposition-larded hour and a half .
Do anything : rob a petrol station , superglue your eyelids together , chew on broken glass , just avoid at all costs .
Code Name : The Cleaner is one of the year 's big stinkers .
A prime candidate for Worst Movie Of 2007 .
too clumsy to be the sophisticated parody of memory-loss films it might have been , too bland for its action sequences to kick any ass , too dumbed-down to make much out of the clashes of race , class and gender at the heart of its fish-out-of-water comedy
If Cedric the Entertainer 's constant mugging for the camera is not your cup of tea , and a derivative plot , relatively humorless script , and mundane directing are n't up your alley , then best to clean Code Name : The Cleaner off your must-see list right now .
... a rather silly and humorless affair that pretty much wastes Cedric 's comic talents .
Code Name : The Minstrel Coon Show !
The kind of comedy that you 'll forget mere moments after seeing .
There 's some pretty good improvised shtick from DeRay Davis as a wacky janitor . But these are small pleasures in a movie that never really generates any serious laughs .
Beyond such amateurishly ill-constructed plot points , what should be a fast-moving film is slow and repetitious .
From its weak premise to its boring action to its unpleasant jokes , this movie fulfills the worst expectations of January releases : it 's awful .
Ponderous wisecracks and cloak-and-dagger high jinks pass for comic intrigue in this hapless mix of yuks and kicks .
The result is another opportunity lost .
The memory of this movie will have left your brain before you walk out of the theater . If you 're lucky .
The outtakes in the closing credits were the funniest parts of the movie .
The talented comedian mugs his way through an utterly deflated film .
This is the kind of movie where everyone looks like they are having a lot more fun than the audience .
Well , you really ca n't expect much from comedies this time of year .
Even as a comedy all of this begs credulity .
Cedric and Lucy Liu ... may want to give their agents a good talking-to .
... it 's not merely that the script is a sloppy , by-the-numbers action farce ; it 's more the leaden hand of director Les Mayfield ...
Get Lucy Liu better roles !
Hollywood certainly did n't waste anytime in turning out its first insulting blaxploitation flick of 2007 .
Because of its clever story , funny leading man and two gorgeous supporting actresses , ` Code Name : The Cleaner ' is a welcome January surprise .
... I humbly submit that Cedric the Entertainer be required to give up the `` Entertainer '' portion of his nom de plume until he actually starts entertaining us .
Cedric 's style of humor seems to be stating the obvious , but doing it really fast . He mumbles out loud and makes lame observations .
Not the kind of movie you need to rush out and see , but if you 're sitting at home trying to decide between doing your own cleaning and watching The Cleaner , I 'd pick the movie .
-LSB- A -RSB- cheerfully dumb spy comedy filled with ridiculous stereotypes and plot holes as big as cartoon anvils .
... the comedy half does n't work without the intrigue half , and director Mayfield does n't look like he would know intrigue if Martin Scorsese brought it to him wrapped in butcher paper with a bow on top .
I 'm sure by May Encore will be broadcasting it ten or so times in row on one of their various channels .
How do films this stale and generic continue to get made , let alone with topflight talent ? Cedric has been stealing scenes from bigger names for nearly a decade ; he deserves better than a few amusingly-improvised minutes at the end of his own movie .
It 's a bad sign for a comedy when viewers are left pining for more ineptly staged shoot - 'em - up sequences .
Aside from Cedric 's admittedly appealing persona -- he 's always watchable , even in dreck like this -- there 's absolutely nothing to recommend The Cleaner , not the putative comedy nor the action , which kicks in only at the end .
The humor is too adult for children and the plot far too childish for most adults ; in fact , everything about the film is really too silly to warrant much consideration .
It 's comedian DeRay Davis and sassy actress Niecy Nash , who earn a few laughs in small supporting roles . Still , any resemblance to real entertainment is strictly coincidental .
For its first half-hour , Cedric is the whole show .
The good news is , Cedric can make even eating Skittles sort of funny -- and he easily saves this movie from being a wreck .
The story is incidental to the comedy , but it is on the level of humor where the movie completely breaks down . It is almost never funny . Cedric has a few funny scenes , mostly when he is just allowed to joke , with the plot momentarily forgotten .
Nicollette Sheridan , playing a femme fatale , is all hard body and desperate cheekbones ; you just want to give the poor woman a malted , and some acting lessons .
The story keeps stopping dead to deliver product placement for Jake 's favorite brands of junk food . There must be a better way to work Skittles into the script than to have Jake keep saying things like , ` I love Skittles . '
Cedric the Entertainer does n't really act here so much as riffs , as if he 's working out the kinks in a misconceived stand-up routine . Some of his ad-libs are funny , but you know you 're in trouble when the outtakes are funnier than the film as a whole .
There 's potential in the story , but who was the casting genius that thought roly-poly Cedric could ever be mistaken for a man of action , or a possible love interest for Lucy Liu ?
The idea is that given the basic premise , the comedian will fill in the gaps with his own bits of business . Cedric is hardly up to the task . Though he 's a scene stealer in other people 's movies , he relies on tired reactions -LRB- `` heeellll naw '' is his mantra -RRB- .
A faux thriller plot has something to do with a stolen computer chip . The chip is n't the only thing missing from this tepid concoction . You may be hard pressed to find real laughs , with Cedric proving more affable than funny .
It 's Memento for dummies . But to this movie 's credit , I could n't follow it , either .
Cedric the Entertainer 's artless performance deadens what could have been a much funnier comedy .
Not nearly bad enough to be truly enjoyable
... the filmmakers are so busy churning their not very interesting plot that they forget to let Cedric be funny .
This dire comedy deserves to be dropped in a vat of solvent to remove its stink .
If Cedric The Entertainer keeps making movies like this , The Honeymooners and Johnson Family Vacation , he may really have to work as a janitor .
Cedric might just want to clean this one right off his resume .
The Cleaner offers the viewer a dream sequence with Sheridan and Liu fighting in a bubble bath , but in the best Les Mayfield manner , it only lasts for a brief , flickering moment . What is n't over in a moment ? The rest of this dud .
It 's not often that a 90 minute film could lose twenty minutes and still end up with an identical result , but Code Name : The Cleaner does pull that off . If only someone had made -LSB- director Les -RSB- Mayfield aware of that somewhere along the line .
A complete dud .
January is usually not the time to expect much high art among new releases , but this is an especially limp star vehicle .
Code Name : The Cleaner offers no surprises but is good-natured and funny .
Cedric the Entertainer is never going to be Cedric the Leading Man .
If you try to follow the plot , you 'll be as confused as Jake is .
This implausible plot full of holes does pave the way for a series of Cedric the Entertainer skits and physical gags . None of these is very funny . A few are painfully unfunny .
Cedric the Entertainer gets hit on the head and loses his memory in Code Name : The Cleaner , a condition likely to be desired by anyone foolish enough to sit through Les Mayfield 's comedy .
A bunch of small disasters , collected together and fed to Cedric the Entertainer .
Watching Code Name : The Cleaner is like staring into a dark , uneventful abyss .
Cedric the Entertainer , whose standup comedy act is utterly endearing , is hung out to dry in this feeble spy comedy . It is not only pitched at 12-year-olds , it was apparently made by them .
The Cleaner is an apt title for a Cedric the Entertainer movie because , once again , he 's stuck cleaning up the mess some hack screenwriter left him .
There are better action scenes in marionette shows .
From past experience , viewers know that Cedric the Entertainer can be very funny . While there are times when Code Name : The Cleaner highlights his comedic abilities , there are n't enough of them .
Director Les Mayfield can only do so much with the anemic , obvious script by Robert Adetuyi and George Gallo . And while his limited action sequences are very solid , this is a comedy , and within it he does n't do much for his actors .
Except for a couple of Cedric 's ad-libs , which are funnier in the closing-credit outtakes than in the movie itself , the whole thing is just lame and inane .
It 's about time for Cedric the Entertainer to change his name .
A quick sweep-up is in order .
Somewhere , John Candy and Chris Farley are high-fivin ' each other that they died before headlining this stinker .





@highlight

Code Name : The Cleaner is a limp action/comedy flick that alternates between lame , worn-out jokes and cheesy martial arts .