It 's a light , weightless , mostly pointless show business homage , and you 're likely to forget it about it halfway through .
Malkovich 's titular mentalist is the primary focus of attention % u2014and sadly the source of many of the film 's unique problems . In a career of strange performances , Malkovich turns in a true curiosity here % u2014and maybe it 's because he is not , for once ,
The problem is n't so much in the film 's clumsy , hand-holding narration , or in its forced quirkiness . Rather it 's that its most interesting character -- the one they named the thing after -- is n't the main character .
A slight yet satisfying show-biz tale .
By no means a great film , but it makes up in modest pleasantness what it lacks in weightiness .
Sleight of hand is among a magician 's greatest assets , but even the most gullible rubes will be able to follow most of writer-director Sean McGinly 's telegraphed moves in this agreeable but lightweight film ...
... a charming , pleasantly diverting movie that is hard to dislike .
This is not a rare movie , but it does have a warm red center . It 's likable , and its appeal grows as it recovers from a shaky start and finds its footing .
A pleasant enough comedy in the My Favorite Year mold .
Inspired by the Amazing Kreskin , it 's a poignant , gently satiric portrait of the utter desperation of a fading celebrity .
This moderately entertaining film would have been a lot more entertaining had the charismatic , exceptionally talented Emily Blunt been given a much larger role .
A modest snapshot of a performer .
While arguably sweet and charming , The Great Buck Howard is memorable only because of his sleight of hand .
The film feels painfully thin .
Malkovich expertly starts the relationship between his character and the audience on several wrong feet before winning us over .
A good comedy with jokes and nostalgia for the whole family and tasteful subject matter . But it would have been as good or better without the Hanks father-son team .
Watching The Great Buck Howard is like listening to ` Chopsticks ' played really well . Impressive , maybe , but who cares ?
Buck Howard is Malkovich 's show . When 's he 's off the screen , the film sputters , but while he 's on-camera , it 's magical .
A delightful drama about a seasoned mentalist who has seen better days and yet can still engender genuine wonder in the minds of his audiences .
The heart of the film is all about finding life 's element , better yet , a way to put yourself into your life 's element , despite pressures to be somewhere or something else .
Light , witty , and occasionally thoughtful , The Great Buck Howard is a good Saturday-afternoon popcorn flick for teens and adults .
Malkovich is superb as the outwardly gracious , inwardly hostile and acerbic has-been .
This is a film to treasure , with smart performances and a dead-on script .
Malkovich 's performance is too awkwardly manic , and Hanks ' is too sleepy - paving the way for Emily Blunt to steal the movie .
The movie , which was written and directed by Sean McGinly , is consistently good as long as it centers on Buck and his seriocomic travails .
To their credit , Malkovich and McGinly never make sentimentality easy -- when Buck 's career starts picking up , the first thing he does is get a facelift .
Boasts a radiant comedic performance by John Malkovich and a breezy , sporadically hilarious plot that increasingly becomes a lazy , contrived and uneven satire with not enough bite .
Offbeat magic comedy is n't likely to get kids ' attention .
While Colin Hanks will probably never be the acting genius his father is , that Hanks charm still shines through .
Just as in Burn After Reading , the craftsman 's pursuit of character , warts and vulnerability intact , is adamant . He makes it hard to pass up this Buck .
John Malkovich plays the egomaniacal , washed-up magician so deliciously that the film gets lifted off its feet when he 's on the screen .
Malkovich keeps Buck an enigma -- part fool , part unheralded genius -- and if the film moves in expected ways it also hits some subtle grace notes .
Slight but satisfying , The Great Buck Howard examines an over-the-hill performer with an objective eye that is borderline brutal . Yet this comedy softens the blow with laughs , heart and a lingering sense of mystery .
What Malkovich really needs are actors opposite him with a few more tricks up their sleeve .
The film is a small-scale charmer that provides a tailor-made role for Malkovich , who is always fun to watch .
The Great Buck Howard , a film of modest charms and scale , is brightly invigorated by John Malkovich 's cheery and skewed embodiment of a small-time show biz mentalist .
-LSB- Director -RSB- McGinly , working with a modest budget , balances the film 's sense of mockery with its more somber moments and does n't allow the story 's considerable nostalgia and sentimentality to overwhelm it .
Under the direction of , say , Alexander Payne or David O. Russell , Malkovich might have flourished in a deeper , darker , more madcap version of the film .
Writer-director Sean McGinley based his title character on the Amazing Kreskin , and it provides a suitable mainstream vehicle for Malkovich 's bruised aloofness .
The Great Buck Howard is an agreeable show business satire with a warm heart .
-LSB- A -RSB- sparkling , if imperfect , gem from writer/director Sean McGinly .
It ends up being one of those movies you almost ca n't help but adore , everything about it manufacturing a giddy euphoria I just reveled in .
Given how conventional and formulaic The Great Buck Howard is , it 's a wonder that it works as well as it does .
A small but sweet unexpected movie pleasure that 's pure delight from start to finish .
Is n't exactly subtle . But the film is too genial not to enjoy .
Any synopsis of The Great Buck Howard is going to make it sound more than a little like My Favorite Year . ... But that film had a compellingly poignant center .
With minimal backbone , poor Hanks can barely stand on his own , let alone stand up to the force of the braying Malkovich . The title 's all wrong . Ladies and Gents , I give you ` The Squid and the Wail . '
Worth catching for Malkovich 's terrific comedic performance alone .
Will probably not find much of an audience , but those who do seek it out will find a well-performed piece of work and an easily likable film that wo n't rock your world , but never sets out to do so .
A pleasant variation on a very familiar theme
A likeable enough actor who has shown far more personality in films far worse than this one , Hanks fails miserably as the one character with whom we are supposed to relate .
A sleeper that ca n't miss with the indie art house crowd .
shot like it 's an especially wacky episode of All My Children .
Like the has-been it celebrates , this gentle comedy wears out its welcome by embracing mediocrity .
Centered by a blissfully egotistical performance by John Malkovich , arrestingly attired by costume designer Johnetta Boone -LRB- `` The Notebook '' -RRB- , `` The Great Buck Howard '' is a sweet , nostalgic film .
It sidesteps ultra-saccharine territory , emerging as sweetly nostalgic and gently satiric , if lightweight , entertainment .
Hanks is a likeable onscreen presence with an easy affability .
When an actor finds the perfect role , a rare sort of magic happens . And you can find it onscreen right now , in The Great Buck Howard .
A too-predictable comedy-drama that pales in comparison to earlier , better features about similar subject matter -- such as the 1982 Peter O'Toole comedy My Favorite Year .
Malkovich , mixing the magician shtick with a dogged resiliency , a dab of pathos , and more than a bit of mystery -LRB- did he really just hypnotize 300 people ? -RRB- , is simply a joy to watch .
Audiences crave the mental comfort food of an accessible good time , and Buck Howard is an affectionate ode to the kind of performer who provides just that .
Has one standout element in the form of John Malkovich , but everything else can , and will , be easily forgotten .
Malkovich refuses to make his arrogant , prickly has-been remotely likeable , but the movie is n't as uncompromising as his performance , which gets drowned in a sea of schmaltz .
It 's the movie equivalent of handing us a business card .
The Great Buck Howard is cheekily observant about celebrity self-importance while still conveying Buck 's commitment to entertaining regular folks .
The film is funny and perceptive in the way it shows the humiliations for a man with Buck 's tender vanity .
No one does raging unlovability quite like John Malkovich , who 's a total gas when he drops the bombast that often bogs down his more serious roles .
Like the title character 's own act , it 's old-fashioned , a bit cheesy and not a little cornball . But the mere fact that it gives -LSB- Malkovich -RSB- the opportunity to go for broke makes it fun .
The film is fun to watch , easy on the frontal lobe , and features John Malkovich in a lively performance that 's both masterfully impish and authentically mysterious .
What gives The Great Buck Howard its humor and warmth is the way Buck is written and played ... Malkovich 's performance is a captivating bit of sleight of hand .
The Great Buck Howard is in love with kitsch , the backwaters of showbiz , and true magic . It 's
a wee charmer that left me enchanted .
Graced with a down-to-earth realism ... this chipper little flick goes down smoothly ...
If Great Buck Howard is formulaic and only mildly funny , however , Malkovich is nonetheless magnificent .
The cast is speckled with lively souls like Steve Zahn and Griffin Dunne , but the only person who wakes the movie from its slumbers is Emily Blunt .
Despite the presence of some A-list performers , The Great Buck Howard ca n't shake the feeling that it 's more on the level of made-for-TV than something destined for theatrical greatness .
Malkovich carries the picture with such gusto that it would be worth watching were it simply a one-man stage show .
I wish there were more movies like Buck Howard ; simply effortless and earnest .
The Great John Malkovich makes this one of the great comedies of recent years .
Ostensibly about nostalgia for a vaudeville breed of entertainer that was never very good to begin with , `` The Great Buck Howard '' does n't know whether to mock or celebrate its tragic protagonist .
I really enjoyed this film .
A sweet , tender , slightly satirical slice of the showbiz life .
John Malkovich 's eccentric performance elevates this showbiz comedy about a delusional has-been way above its routine text .
An essentially lightweight tale about a showbiz has-been as seen through the starry eyes of a showbiz wannabe becomes a surprisingly entertaining vehicle for the heavyweight comedic talents of John Malkovich .
It 's an all-ages type of show , does n't cost much , you 'll laugh a few times and smile even more . Then when he makes his way around again to DVD and onto cable , you may just be inclined to take in another matinee .
`` The Great Buck Howard '' is lightweight , but in a charming , Capraesque kind of way .
It 's a great greeting card , but it 's not much of a movie .
Highly entertaining and clever . Malkovich dominates every scene .
Might be the most affectionate look back at old-school entertainment since Peter O'Toole boozed his way through My Favorite Year .
A wonderfully refreshing and original film ; this may be John Malkovich 's best role and performance , maybe of his career .
Pic succeeds to an impressive degree .




@highlight

By turns fluffy and biting , this show biz comedy is given girth by comic heavyweight John Malkovich and made all the more charming by Emily Blunt .