Evenly distributed throughout Adieu 's duration , Godard inserts one coup de cinéma after another ...
Filming in 3-D , Godard forces a reconsideration not only of his own films but of all films .
A particularly painful scene featuring a loud scratchy quill on loud scratchy parchment made my hair and teeth feel very very loose . I think that 's what J.L.G wanted , though .
Language is gone . The new cinema has arrived .
The 3-D aside , there is nothing in `` Language '' that has not been done before and done better .
The film offers a resounding experience for anyone remotely interested in the way we watch movies .
Working in 3-D for the first time , Mr. Godard pushes the envelope and - depending how you look at it - trolls the format for all its worth .
A hugely entertaining and almost entirely inscrutable lark , with a punk rock air of both surrender and rejuvenation .
Put in short , the film is chaos , but glorious , wondrous chaos that lets us see what genius looks like from the inside .
I 'm attaching four stars more out of helplessness than critical acumen , by the way ; if the film is beyond language , it 's certainly beyond a traditional rating system .
Throughout this enigmatic film 's short running time , I could n't for the life of me make out what Godard was trying to say .
. . we keep going back to Roxy and , astoundingly , Godard just about succeeds in allowing us to see the world through the dog 's eyes , the implication being that it is the purer form of experience .
If this kind of synaptic brainstorm sounds like an invigorating cinematic experience , I 'm here to tell you that watching Goodbye to Language on a big screen will be 70 minutes well spent .
A film that 's stuffed with language , its title notwithstanding .
The single film from 2014 that most actively tries to find a new language for filmmakers to inhabit , and honestly , it might be the most consistently captivating one as well .
Godard seems almost giddy in his use of 3-D .
Anyone interested in the possibilities of the moviegoing experience - what can happen in a dark theater - owes it to themselves to say hello to `` Goodbye to Language . ''
Jean-Luc Godard is an original and at 84 has lost none of the youthful vitality he demonstrated in his first feature .
Goodbye to Language 3D challenges the very ways in which we watch movies . And that 's the point . The things Jean-Luc Godard is able to do with 3D as a medium are astounding .
At 84 , Godard is still looking for new ways to express himself , though he thinks it harder than ever to achieve meaningful interpersonal communication in the information age .
The reason to buy a ticket is to take the ride , though , and seeing what 84-year-old Godard does when given an extra dimension is intensely fascinating .
Jean-Luc Godard is the acknowledged mascot , if not master , of intellectual cinema . In `` Goodbye to Language 3D '' the 84-year-old auteur ... reprises his longstanding suspicion that words are worthless .
Old dogs , similar tricks , but hardly tired .
Shooting on various low - and medium-grade digital cameras , Godard turns `` Goodbye to Language '' into a rumination on memory , communication , everyday life and sexual tension .
My relationship with Goodbye to Language has not been a honeymoon of unruffled bliss , but I 'm glad to have had it , and can say unequivocally that it should be seen in an environment where its 3D effects can do their work -- that is to say , in a cinema .
Even at a brisk 70 minutes , Goodbye to Language is dense with too many ideas and innovations to unpick on one viewing .
Unlike anything else you 'll see this year .
If `` Goodbye to Language '' -LRB- the title must be ironic , right ? -RRB- were to appear without Godard 's name attached , how would it be received ? That 's the only really interesting question provoked .
The sheer assaultive power of Goodbye to Language makes it Godard 's most vibrant and exciting film for some time and , you might say , his most terroristic .
Compared with Captain America or whatever , Goodbye is `` revolutionary . '' But so what ?
It leaves me almost speechless , slightly mystified , strangely wistful and perhaps with a mild case of eye strain , but delighted nonetheless .
`` Goodbye to Language '' seems like an appropriate title if it 's meant to suggest that logic and sanity have completely disappeared from this world .
Reviews of Jean-Luc Godard 's latest film ... generally include the phrase `` not for everybody . '' So the potential viewer has to ask herself or himself : `` Am I everybody ? '' Turns out I 'm not .
3-D is the ideal toy for an old enfant terrible like Godard to play with . Packed with dazzling images , the film makes 3-D feel like something brand-new to the medium .
It 's like someone gave Godard a list of everything you 're not supposed to do in a 3D movie , and he did every one of them . Which is why he 's a genius .
A film you need to see again should be a film you want to see again , and the oblique beauty of Goodbye to Language , shot in 3-D , has a tractor-beam-like pull .
There 's a lot to unpack here , but even if you 're just staring slackjawed , like an idiot who will figure this all out later , it can be a lot of actual , honest-to-god fun - and usually very funny .
In Goodbye to Language 3D is a new inspiration -LSB- for Godard -RSB- , used for artistic , fun-of-filmmaking reasons . That alone is cause for celebration .
Godard ca n't stop himself from exploring new ways to make pictures . He seems to enjoy doing so almost as much as he enjoys frustrating the expectations of those who still want a movie to have a beginning , a middle and an end , in that order .
For better or for worse , Godard has traded roller coaster thrills for a carnival of gimmicks .
Watching it is , I would imagine , as close as we 'll get to being able to be Godard , sitting there thinking , or dreaming . It 's a documentary of a restless mind .
Lots of luck figuring any of this out before dozing off .
At 83 , Godard continues to push boundaries , even if his latest movie may baffle all but the most devoted film theorists .
It joins the very short list of intriguing experiments in 21st-century 3-D , which otherwise comprises Werner Herzog 's `` Cave of Forgotten Dreams '' and Wim Wenders ' `` Pina . ''
The experience of being eluded by Jean-Luc Godard has its consolations , foremost among them the 83-year-old director 's prerogative to elude .
The everyday world is made vivid and strange , rendered in a series of sketches and compositions by an artist with an eccentric and unerring eye .
All in all , it is intriguing exercise in social criticism . But it 's an unpopular message delivered in an unbearable execution .
It probably ca n't be called a great film , but it 's a teasing and exhilarating one , one that flirts with despair but somehow , I think , comes out on the side of joy .
It is there to jolt , to challenge , to disrupt : the old Brechtian imperative .
This is easily my favorite Godard film in a long time -- since Weekend , in fact , which was made before I was born .
Goodbye to Language is far more stimulating visually and aurally than it is intellectually , but at 83 , Godard is still pushing the form . I 'll take it .
Adieu au langage is a film that brings us face to face with doubt , despair , and everyday existential confusion , made in a state of pure liberty .
Adieu au langage , which ends with a dog 's bark and a child 's cries , is a masterpiece , a film attuned to a future that likely will not come to pass .
This is a master filmmaker whose interest in form and its instruments have kept him vital .
Overall , the concise , often impermeable experience does justice to the title by indicting a society on the verge of self-destruction with its own tools .
From its opening intertitled quotations , it 's patently obvious who has made this movie . And yet it somehow feels fresh , exciting and new within the Godard canon .
The innovation raises the spirits , but gives you a splitting headache . That 's how it is with Godard , who revels in his dreams so willfully that the results are frequently frustrating and opaque .
-LSB- Godard 's -RSB- 3-D technique is the first advance in deep-focus camerawork since the heyday of Orson Welles ; it lends the settings a sumptuous intimacy as it restores the astonishment of sheer perception to the art of the cinema .
Goodbye to Language can be oddly , ineffably mesmerising , though for those of us who appreciate the notion of storytelling will leave rather unfulfilled
This is an experimental film by its most pure definition .
The helter-skelter non-story does not stay long on anyone or anything but tackles a range of topics obliquely .
The elder filmmaker 's take on our world of separations and alienation .
Cinema is a vernacular of domination , and quaking with revelations both formal and personal , the film attests that Godard has spent his career apologizing for it .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- `` Goodbye to Language '' is a vibrant think piece about modern man 's constant state of fear of the Frankenstein culture of violence that governments and corporations have created .
The result is , beyond question , the finest way that the -LSB- 3D -RSB- format has ever been put to use .
As far as purely aesthetic experiences go , I doubt anything I 'll see anywhere this year will beat Jean-Luc Godard 's Goodbye To Language .
It 's something of a miracle that a filmmaker still has the capacity to wow an audience with the aid of those bulky glasses .
Aside from anything else , Godard has made the most striking use of 3D since that unlovely medium came back into vogue .
It 's a good bit funnier , as well as freer in its rapid-fire associations , than the more strident and structured Film Socialisme .
The master still knows what he is doing even if we often do n't .
Is it difficult , abrasive and pretentious ? Absolutely . But there are worse things to be than any of those .
The title says ` Goodbye , ' but Jean-Luc Godard says hello with a stimulating and playful meditation on the state of the world and the possibilities of the image .
Goodbye To Language follows in the eye-searing , mind-spinning wake of Godard 's recent features , taking the fragmentation even further than in his Film Socialisme .

@highlight

As visually thrilling as it is inscrutable , Goodbye to Language 3D offers a late-period masterpiece from a legendary director still very much in control of his craft .