Stronger is everything Patriots Day swung for and missed .
An inspirational film . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Quite effectively , the film describes the voracity of a society hungry for idols , sick with patriotism and capable of turning everything into merchandise . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... the only touch of humanism in this film comes from Canadian actress Tatiana Maslany . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's not an easy film to watch , especially because so many of Jeff 's family members are themselves walking disasters . But the performances by Gyllenhaal and Maslany make the ordeal worthwhile .
Gyllenhaal is a galvanising force , with Maslany providing a genuine counterpoint , and when the film does allow emotion to grow , it 's with a caveat : being a hero means sacrificing yourself again and again .
It oscillates between moments of incredible authenticity and others of embarrassing artificiality . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
It 's tragic , it 's crushing , it 's heartfelt . Stronger is worth watching .
Jake Gyllenhaal stands out , proving again that he is one of the best actors of his generation . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... a conventional film worthy of Hallmark Entertainment ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... the story can not be separated from the melodramatic excess that surrounds it or the conventionality in its narrative ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... an inspirational film ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
For a dramatic vehicle of this caliber to work , a leading character is needed with whom the public can easily identify and there is no doubt that Stronger has it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film works because the characters act like real people rather than movie ciphers .
Director David Gordon Green foregoes any pumped-up melodramatics and simply allows Gyllenhaal and Maslany to provide the story with the honest emotion it requires .
It 's still inspirational , but does a better job than most Hollywood bio-pics of depicting the smaller , but no less difficult , emotional steps that make up a comeback .
This is a gritty , honest drama that never dips into sentimentality . It 's also a strikingly involving story about a young man who is forced to confront things about himself far beyond his injuries . And that makes it genuinely inspirational .
Gyllenhaal has rarely been better .
Gyllenhaal is great but the film 's richness is in Erin , a well-written character given great life by Maslany .
One of the most refreshing things about David Gordon Green 's film is its avoidance of stars and stripes jingoism .
David Gordon Green 's Stronger is a more thoughtful and sophisticated film , which has the guts to admit that nobody won that day and addresses the subject of human frailty -- in many forms -- in a distinctly un-Hollywood way .
Green , here displaying some of the mettle he showed in his earlier work , avoids for the most part the standard three-act redemption parabola .
This warts-and-all account ensures that every tear will be earned .
With its swelling score and obligatory shots of noble , fluttering US flags , the film buys into the hero narrative wholesale .
The supporting cast did n't add a huge amount for me , and the script is tonally a little inconsistent , but Stronger is nevertheless a well-acted double header and worth a look for Gyllenhaal and Maslany alone .
The acting carries a gritty yet otherwise unadventurous triumph over tragedy .
It 's a profoundly moving and , indeed , movingly profound picture .
In many respects , Stronger is a by-the-book inspirational tearjerker but the performances are undeniably effective and the emotions so raw that every one of those tears has been earned .
It 's one of those decent , well-acted , non-revelatory efforts destined to be filed snarkily under `` this had awards buzz '' through no real fault of its own .
Jake Gyllenhaal is devastating in this true-life tale of Boston Marathon bombing survivor Jeff Bauman .
... stealing the best bits from My Left Foot , Born on the Fourth of July and The Theory of Everything by playing a character who 's not quite paralysed , but mostly in a wheelchair and delivering enormous shouty set-piece speeches ...
The end result , however well-intentioned , rings a little false .
Stronger is at its best in its harshest moments , when it acknowledges the contradictions in its hero 's story and portrays his bitterness and self-loathing as well as his courage .
Aside from a few mawkish missteps near the tail end , this film feels like the product of a confident , able and self-aware director .
Gyllenhaal is outstanding in this inspiring warts-and-all story of a Boston bombing survivor 's recovery battle .
A deeply human and often brutally honest depiction of trauma and recovery , anchored by three superb performances - though it often falls victim to formula .
Ca n't a disabled hero , once on screen , not be a hero ? Ca n't he be a human being whose tragedy , even if `` triumphed '' over , probes deeper thoughts and feelings than crass exultation ?
-LSB- Jake -RSB- Gyllenhaal may well get an Oscar nomination for this and deserves to - his every expression is captivating .
The road to recovery is filled with both the good and bad sides of Jeff Bauman , and thankfully so , as that 's what makes a biopic truly captivating
Green continues his exploration of pain , simmering rage and guilt in a similar manner to his previous films , Manglehorn and Joe , while gritty cinematography from Sean Bobbitt complements the confrontational approach .
David Gordon Green brings an emotional honesty that these type of films usually lack .
Stronger is n't the year 's best movie , but it tries something new .
Jake Gyllenhaal and Tatiana Maslany both deliver top-notch performances in the inspirational Stronger as the film defines what it means to be Boston Strong .
Filmmaker David Gordon Green offers up a low-key , deliberately-paced narrative that proves an ideal complement for John Pollono 's subdued screenplay ...
This is a heartbreaking and inspiring film about the will of the human spirit . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As a procedural about the work required to come back into one 's body after a major physical and psychic trauma , Stronger is surprisingly compelling . It does well by its subject 's non-hysterical response to his new life post-injury .
` Stronger ' will leave you weak .
But the movie should n't be dismissed as just another real-life drama to catch on cable TV someday ; Stronger is a profound , sensitively made gem .
An uncommonly confident , compelling biographical drama that mostly avoids schmaltz and hagiography .
This is a rare movie that focuses on the deafening quiet that comes after the noise of the hospital stay ...
Steadfast drama , revealing the kind of faith it takes to survive this kind of ordeal .
Stronger does a good job of conveying a sense of hope and forgivingness amongst the chaos of senseless violence and for that alone , Green and co should be commended .
Stronger does Jeff Bauman , the human being , justice by transposing his autobiography onto film in a purely unadulterated way thanks to Pollono , creating a resolute , powerful , and personal film that applies to the masses of the world , not just to Americans
The movie 's secret weapon is a possibly star-making performance by Tatiana Maslany as Bauman 's girlfriend and later wife .
Likely to Get Oscar Nominations
The boldest thing Stronger does is trust enough in Maslany 's performance and in the writing of her character to allow Erin to do something that a lesser movie would never even attempt .
Director David Gordon Green 's story of Boston Marathon bombing survivor Jeff Bauman resonates for the way it explores how its protagonist deals with a public that suddenly calls him a hero .
There 's a complexity to the family dynamic that could n't be more true-to-life .
Green 's film has a tense , nervy energy , most of which seems to glow from Gyllenhaal 's very core .
Everything about Stronger is rather straightforward but Green captures it tastefully and respectfully , carving out affecting moments in telling Jeff 's journey .
Stronger is an incredible story of human spirit and endurance - but it 's not just Jeff Bauman 's . And that 's what makes it so powerful .
`` Stronger '' always feels right in the moment , solidified by an outstanding central performance by Gyllenhaal , and some wonderful ensemble work , especially the actors just below the top billing .
Its interest in personality over symbolism makes ` Stronger ' much better than your average based-on-an-inspirational-true-story situation .
Last year 's despicable movie star auto-fellatio Patriots Day invented a phony hero to save the day . Stronger reminds us that tragedy and survival are a lot more complicated than a bumper-sticker slogan .
At its core , Stronger delivers a fine tribute to the human spirit .
There are few actors in their 30s more well-rounded than -LSB- Jake -RSB- Gyllenhaal right now , as capable of taking on disturbing psychologies in aggressive indies as they are the lead roles in crowd-pleasing tearjerkers .
Get ready to hear Oscar buzz about Gyllenhaal 's performance
What pulls you along is Gyllenhaal 's performance . You will follow him anywhere .
Gyllenhaal and Maslany deliver powerful performances .
I 'm a sucker for these survival stories that show the best side of man 's humanity , and Gyllenhaal makes this one a stronger achievement than most .
it 's really seamless because Gyllenhaal 's performance is so realistic as someone adjusting to walking with prosthetics or propping himself up with his hands .
Few actors convey more , quietly , than Gyllenhaal , whose portrayal of Bauman rates among his finest .
This is n't the positive movie many will want , but it 's something better : a window into post-traumatic stress and exploded identity .
Gyllenhaal does fine work in a difficult role , but he is matched note for note by Maslany , who gingerly takes on Erin 's role as a lover/therapist with all the inherent conflict that entails .
It 's emotional , funny , dramatic , insightful , and does n't hold back in its intimate and brutal depiction of Bauman , handling his PTSD and the impact of the bombing and his amputation in an increasingly mesmerizing fashion .
Unfortunately , Gyllenhaal plays the lead with one-note , ghoulish , internalized trauma , so Stronger lacks the powerful personal and cultural insight about American vulnerability .
Watching a film with actual emotional weight is a rarity , though . Stronger does pluck at your emotional strings but in a good way . Specifically , at the end when you get a snapshot of the real-life couple .
By digging beneath the headlines , it 's an intimate yet uplifting character study that conveys gritty authenticity rather than settling for sentimentality or cheap catharsis .
The true strength on display throughout the film stems from Gyllenhaal who has always had an edgy , almost twitchy kind of presence .
An unforgettable portrayal of strength and perseverance in the aftermath of a national tragedy , Stronger is one of the best movies of the year .
Post-bomb gore , language , drinking in rehabilitation drama .
Jake Gyllenhaal and Tatiana Maslany excel in this real-life Boston Marathon bombing - related drama
Gyllenhaal offers further evidence that he 's one of the finest actors working today ...
What makes Stronger so powerful , though , is that it 's not interested in cheap , easy inspiration .
Jake Gyllenhaal is often better than the movies he appears in , and this is true once again in `` Stronger , '' ...
Gyllenhaal 's performance anchors the movie ; he mixes moments of humor with moments of self-pity .
Watching -LSB- Jake -RSB- Gyllenhaal and -LSB- Tatiana -RSB- Maslany work together in these scenes is like watching a pair of seasoned mixed-doubles tennis players work in rousing synchronicity , approaching each emotional volley in a kind of smooth tandem .
Catches one off guard with the characters ' open-hearted gestures under duress ... feels as if it single-handedly restores humanity to the movies .
Kudos to a brilliant , hilariously unexpected performance from Jake Gyllenhaal in a powerhouse biopic about Boston bombing victim Jeff Bauman that does n't sugarcoat the man 's story - and that makes all the difference
It goes so overboard on humanizing Bauman , it actually diminishes him . With such a barely-there hero , we start looking around for other people to become interested in .
Jake Gyllenhaal 's portrayal of the painful and frightening struggle to recover and get his life back feels jarringly real .
`` Stronger '' is tough and hard and ultimately resilient , just like the story it 's telling .
Tatiana Maslany , known for playing multiple roles in the cult TV series Orphan Black , invests Erin with a wealth of complexity in playing a character who wants desperately to do the right thing but who is pushed to the breaking point .
`` Stronger '' is a realistic portrait of a young man who , because of being in the wrong place at the wrong time , is thrust into hero status against his wishes .
While `` Stronger '' is an exceptional story , it 's a travesty that it had to be told .
Gyllenhaal gives a performance of great sensitivity , capturing Jeff 's offhand , offbeat humor as well as his physical and emotional anguish .
There 's a raw , tangible humanity to nearly every scene that sets the film gratifyingly apart . Jeff might not fit into anyone 's glossy front-page idea of hero , but you never doubt for a moment that he 's real .
... the two-hour film suffers from some of the same nameless torpor-or lack of strength , perhaps-many Americans feel after decades of relentless conflict .
As good as Gyllenhaal is , Maslany is the foundation of Stronger ... she channels Erin 's swallowed pain and guilt -- the notion that Jeff would n't have been there that day if not for her -- in a performance that 's pure fire .
Stronger is a really good , engaging and powerful film .
-LSB- Stronger -RSB- flips the whole idea of post-9 / 11 hero worship upside down , in a manner as welcome as it is disturbing .
While the team mostly sticks to the standard biopic beats , there 's enough variety to surprise and occasionally delight .
The film could have been done with plenty of sentimentality , but director David Gordon Green would rather work in a low-key way . -LSB- Capsule review -RSB-
It 's another tremendous performance by Gyllenhaal , who seems to get better the more physical the role .
A moving true story ... Gyllenhaal avoids the clichés , giving us a character whose flaws and reluctant heroism feel authentic .
The film and Gyllenhaal do a great job of conveying the consequences of being knighted the symbol of hope , of resistance , of `` Boston Strong , '' and , more broadly , of how exhausting our own fascination with survivors can be on the survivors themselves .
-LSB- Stronger -RSB- knows what these movies are like , and it wants no part of that manipulative , greedy storytelling . That is , until the last 20 minutes .
What makes Stronger stand out is the pitch-perfect feel for the dynamic of a loud and constantly bickering and dysfunctional but fiercely loyal and loving extended family .
Gyllenhaal 's best acting comes as a paraplegic forced to adapt to a frustrating new existence .
`` Stronger '' could have been little more than a melodrama . Instead , it 's a surprisingly gritty film about refusing to give up , regardless of the odds .
Ca n't help but follow a fairly familiar template , but ... Gyllenhaal 's commitment , astute direction by David Gordon Green , and some outstanding supporting performances elevate it beyond the ordinary .
Movies like this are supposed to center on love , family , and triumph , but director David Gordon Green , to his credit , tends to heighten the characters ' least noble moments .
Fortunately , almost everything in Stronger works really well .
This story honors the significance of the event , and its human repercussions , without melodramatic stagecraft .
Stronger 's embrace of the unpredictable nature of Jeff and Erin 's journey yields an array of raw , surprising character beats that flow organically from one to the next .
`` Stronger '' is n't always easy to watch ; Jeff makes bad decisions and life gets messy . But it does feel like a realistic depiction of one man 's life .
`` Stronger '' is a movie you need to see , no matter how much you think you do n't need to see it .
It 's the kind of role that actors dreams of , and Jake Gyllenhaal runs away with it .
The movie is a straightforward , even familiar , tale of survival and recovery , but its grave respect for the unique extremity of its protagonist 's ordeal cancels out any impulse toward exploitation .
`` Stronger '' takes more artistic risks than any other American-made `` inspired by true events '' picture I can recall .
Gyllenhaal and Maslany blow past clichés and mannered portrayals , finding the reality in a difficult relationship made more difficult still by the act of a pair of lunatics .
Although director David Gordon Green commendably opts for a realistic , unfussy depiction of Jeff Bauman and his on-again/off-again girlfriend -LRB- played with welcome grit by Tatiana Maslany -RRB- , `` Stronger '' feels more perfunctory than lived-in .
Director David Gordon Green surprises us once again with his refusal to be pigeon holed , this time around adding new life to the ` inspirational ' genre with inventive visual story telling and his flawed protagonist .
Predictably , there 's Oscar buzz for actor Jake Gyllenhaal , but it 's also a movie with interesting thoughts about what `` inspirational stories '' even mean .
It 's a more intimate , passionate effort from director Green , who carefully avoids the television movie route to depict a brutal rehabilitation period .
The final act gives Jeff the conveniently uplifting happy ending that the genre warrants , but his journey there is tougher and more honest than usual .
Jake Gyllenhaal triumphs in one of the best performances of the year , and his career , as a survivor of the Boston Marathon Bombing in 2013 . An inspiring film that does n't beg for sympathy .
It deftly articulates how someone can be a hero for being a victim . It 's patriotic but nuanced .
`` Stronger , '' ultimately , leaves its audience feeling a little stronger ; we fall with Jeff , and we stand with him .
Nothing comes easy in the film - even its generic title must be earned .
-LSB- Jake -RSB- Gyllenhaal 's excellent , but , playing his girlfriend , Tatiana Maslany -LRB- star of TV 's ` Orphan Black ' -RRB- is something special .
It shows that people are n't always prepared to play the roles the public wants them to play .
We should use the occasion of this expertly crafted microcosm to look closely at one agonizing example of what Islamist fanaticism is doing to people all over the globe .
It 's the daily daunting detail that keeps Stronger honest .
-LSB- Jake -RSB- Gyllenhaal and -LSB- Tatiana -RSB- Maslany deliver nuanced , understated performances that are heartbreaking and true .
That Stronger , as unpleasant as it is , does n't shy away from the complicated side of recovery is admirable to say the least .
Green often exhibits rare acuity with his scenecraft , finding fresh but unflashy approaches to framing a shot and the movement within it , at his best cuing with some subtlety the emotions that grip his characters .
What makes Stronger different from other schmaltzy , rah-rah Americana movies is that while it 's about the marathon bombing , it 's not really about the marathon bombing .
-LSB- Tatiana -RSB- Maslany is first-rate in this role .
-LRB- Jake -RRB- Gyllenhaal uncomfortably wears Bauman 's unsolicited fame . It 's a mantle he wants to shed as quickly as possible .
Jake Gyllenhaal is superb as Bauman and deserves an Academy Award nomination for best actor .
Director David Gordon Green generally skips feel-good cliché to chronicle Bauman 's struggle with being painted as the face of never letting the terrorists win .
Praise must be given to director David Gordon Green for not making this a mushy , paint-by-numbers film and instead choosing to capture the horrors and aftermath of a terror attack .
-LSB- Jake -RSB- Gyllenhaal 's best performance to date .
Stronger brings humanity back to the screen .
A Movie of the Week weeper lifted by three Oscar-worthy performances .
Jake Gyllenhaal 's performance is emotionally raw and technically seamless .
David Gordon Green 's Stronger is one half of a nuanced , intimate depiction of public and personal trauma ... The other half of Green 's latest is a far more formulaic affair , an ` inspiring ' fable about triumphing over adversity . .
Far from the trivial melodrama , the director opts for an almost documentary montage in which the cast offers interpretations that will surely be remembered in the award season . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Refreshingly honest and down-to-earth portrait of the struggle of Jeff Bauman , who lost his legs in the Boston Marathon bombing .
It 's a film about heroes and what we require from them , and why that often leads to wounds that may never heal . For Gyllenhaal , that amounts to a riveting and raw performance that never hits a false note .
Green , Gyllenhaal , and ... Tatiana Maslany hit some grace notes-and plant the germ of some interesting ideas-en route to the expected lifting of spirits .
Based on events that would shape the city and the lives within it , the film is suitably small in nature in its intimate look at one persons tragedy and then following triumph .
Given how rough-and-tumble Jeff 's prior existence seems , will leave a skeptical audience wondering how long this happy ending can possibly last .
A gritty , inspiring tale of perseverance
What 's it feel like to be put up on a pedestal for simply surviving a horrific event , with an inability to walk as a permanent reminder of that trauma ? That 's what Stronger explores and it does n't shy away from the darker realities of life .
Gyllenhaal is onscreen pouring his heart and soul into an imperfect man who 's made more inspiring for being so .
Stronger transcends your standard inspirational drama mostly through two fantastic performances , but also in the way it understands that trauma is n't inspirational to the people who suffer it .
To its credit , the film has far less to do with the specifics of one event and instead focuses on a far more universal message of recovery , self-doubt and the reconciliation and acceptance required to overcome any personal loss .
Gyllenhaal goes all-in , delivering a tour-de-force performance that is the heart and soul of the movie . But the secret weapon of `` Stronger '' is Tatiana Maslany .
Green looks for small but meaningful ways to complicate and deepen the well-trod story he 's telling , and by the end , those complications help the film earn its uplift .
Solid , straightforward and touching .
Gyllenhaal is effortlessly good here . It 's an awards-worthy performance for a star who so often gets miscast and he sells both the good and the bad within Bauman .
Gyllenhaal and Maslany could be nominated for their honest and genuine performances while Jeff 's story will remind audiences that there is always something in life worth fighting for .
Reliable and sturdy , but anonymously made .
Stronger complicates the notion of the public hero in its heartfelt telling of Boston marathon bombing survivor Jeff Bauman 's story , with terrific performances from Jake Gyllenhaal and Tatiana Maslany .

@highlight

Stronger rises on the power of its well-chosen ensemble to offer an emotionally resonant fact-based story that transcends inspirational drama clichés .