Although it would be interesting to see a stunt like this get pulled off in real life , I Spit on Your Grave needs major plot fixes and a redo .
It 's intentionally , efficiently ugly , through and through .
This remake exists in that movie 's shadow and , instead of attempting to outshock the original , ups the elaborate revenge aspect and gives you something to shamelessly cheer for .
Nada mais é do que uma narrativa repleta de misoginia , preconceito e estupidez .
It 's not that they do n't deserve punishment , but the scale here is so out-of-whack with what we 're shown , with one battered , tiny girl devising and executing tortures that would have required several construction crews and a team of black ops agents .
Pretty much across the board the characters are more interesting in the remake , but that 's really only because they actually are characters to some degree , as opposed to the caricatures presented in the '78 version .
If you look at it the right way , I Spit on Your Grave is powerful stuff , much better to be faced and discussed than dismissed and ignored .
As dubious as the original , though easier to watch in several ways .
Mostly well made , with solid performances , but there 's very little that 's fresh or original about this remake .
Gory and violent without really hitting home in either a visceral or meaningful way , and there are chunks that are actually quite dull .
It 's better made , more plausible than the original , the sexual violations less drawn out , the vengeance more violent and elaborate .
Does n't appear to set out to eroticise rape , but equally does n't care if eroticising rape is a by-product of its aim to provoke an emotive reaction - any reaction - in viewers
The sexual violence caused the British Board Of Film Classification to demand 43 seconds of cuts . A shame they did n't cut the rest .
As rape-and-revenge movies -LRB- and , indeed horror remakes -RRB- go , this is actually pretty good , thanks to strong performances , a decent script and some inventively nasty death sequences .
Audiences who like the spectacle of men being tortured and women being raped may well be the same audiences . For them , this film offers a two-for-one deal .
I still prefer -LSB- Meir -RSB- Zarchi 's contribution by miles , but this is nothing to scoff at either ...
Definitely wince-inducing and not for the squeamish , but ultimately a mechanical exercise in cashing-in .
For fans who like their cinema uncompromising , this is `` shear '' entertainment .
From a moral standpoint , I Spit On Your Grave is hard to defend , and from a critical one , it 's not really worth defending .
A marked improvement on the 1978 original , handled with quiet efficiency by director Monroe , there 's enough thrills and chills here to grip horror fans .
By honing the jagged edges of Meir Zarchi 's cheap and nasty rape-revenge shocker into slick entertainment , this unwelcome remake improves technically on the 1978 original , while retaining all that was sleazy and repellent ...
There 's a danger that , with films as graphic as this one , you end up reviewing the audience rather than the movie .
Witless , ugly , leering , and unnecessary .
A remake of two halves that both have impact but do n't match up tonally .
The most shocking thing about this remake of one of the most notorious exploitation movies of the '70s is how dull it is .
Was there really any reason to remake this ?
Better than the original
Relentlessly sadistic , stupefying and slick . In other words , it 's a roaring -- actually , more like high-pitched shrieking -- success . And I ca n't think of one reason why anyone should see it .
Neither boring enough to qualify as pornography nor vital enough to generate a controversy .
The grimy sickness displayed here just is n't as brutally potent as it was in this film 's predecessor .
A vast improvement over its unwatchable , hopelessly dated predecessor ...
An attempt to trade on its predecessor 's reputation without really grappling with the questions it raises , Monroe 's version merely seems shallow , cynical and extremely ugly .
While it 's not really something I can see myself revisiting any time soon , it 's a solid , well made film that should please hardcore horror fans .
Audience reaction to the scene where Matthew is finally goaded into `` taking his turn '' will make you wish for a rogue asteroid to wipe out humanity once and for all .
Female-empowerment fantasy or just plain prurience , Grave is extremely efficient grindhouse .
I Spit on Your Grave is exploitation pure and simple . But it 's artistically redeeming exploitation . If you can handle it , see it .
So detestable it makes the exploitative , misguided 1978 original seem a thoughtful rumination on the subject .
In addition to all the obvious things that are disgusting about this movie , I Spit on Your Grave is trying to get us to hate each other . Hate it instead . It makes more sense and the hatred is much more deserved .
Certainly , the rape and killings are more intricate , graphic , excruciating and nauseating . Hooray .
Half rape , half revenge and all repulsive ... -LSB- but -RSB- certainly efficiently made for what it is .
Just piles imaginary atrocities on top of real ones , and then halfheartedly claim that it means something . Well , it does n't .
Not surprisingly , the remake gussies up the grindhouse roughness of the first film , which makes it relatively more palatable -- yet still vapid and repulsive -- while also , in a perverse way , selling it out .
Yes it is brutal and shocking , but it also happens to be one helluva intense flick for genre fans .
This despicable remake of the despicable 1978 film I Spit on Your Grave adds yet another offense : a phony moral equivalency .
-LSB- O -RSB- n nearly every level ? script , performances , cinematography , pacing ? -LSB- this version -RSB- is superior . But here 's the rub : 2010 is n't 1978 .
This is a remake of Meir Zarchi 's infamous 1978 exercise I Spit on Your Grave , made back when torture porn was readily identified as disgusting and worthy of outrage . Now it 's just one more movie in which genitals are sliced .
No one is ever going to confuse Steven R. Monroe 's remake with The Passion of Joan of Arc , but this ostensibly silly horror quickie possesses a formal sophistication that would make Carl Theodor Dreyer sit up and take notice .
I Spit on Your Grave improves on Meir Zarchi?s 1978 original , but that?s not saying much .
Not as unsettling as the recent Last House on the Left remake or as transcendent as the French-Canadian thriller 7 Days . It 's just a depraved cartoon played with a straight face .
Shorn of much of its psychosexual menace , the new Grave is gelded .
When every injury is repaid with interest , this self-destroying work has nowhere to go but to the credits . Such symmetry is a dismal , barbarian sort of perfection .
Thirty-two years later , what most shocks about Steven R. Monroe 's remake of Zarchi 's cheapo classic is its utter predictability .
While the material is bleak as hell , the players add some depth and dimension to their characters and one can see the makeup and f/x crew was working overtime to deliver the most realistic , gruesome death scenes possible .
Exploitation remake delivers sadism and gore but little else .
Certainly this remake will not leave everyone smiling , but by taking a modern myth and turning it into a moral minefield , it earns its place in the annals of unease .
It is a movie that digs into a heart of darkness on par with the criminal atrocities that soldiers of all stripes commit against innocent people every day . If it 's tough to swallow , that 's because it 's supposed to be .
Hugely violent , well-acted , with a plot that lacks complexity of , for example , Eli Roth 's ` Hostel 2 . '

@highlight

Well-shot exploitation that has less purpose and utility than in 1978 .