Basically a continually-shrinking bunch of tourists running around trying to find their way out of a Ukrainian ghost land . Fascinating .
For all its familiar ideas , characters , and scares , Chernobyl Diaries earns points on restraint , mood , and location .
A cool concept is compromised when this film descends into predictable territory .
After one effective scene involving a radiated Russian bear , the quality of first-time director Bradley Parker 's narrative starts melting down like a TEPCO facility .
There 's nothing but many empty scares and zero resolution ...
Its strengths make it worth paying attention to , while its weaknesses prevent it from becoming the first-class chiller it had the potential to be .
Unsatisfactory both as a low-budget schlocker and as a piece of entertainment .
There 's nothing interesting , creative , innovative , exciting , suspenseful , or scary about it . We just sit there and wait for it to be over .
Chernobyl Diaries is a mismatched effort that was working with some intriguing core elements -- undermined by worn-out recreations of familiar horror set-ups .
Sitting through this shaky-cam disaster of Chernobyl-like proportions is simply not worth your time , money or equilibrium .
Dialogue is banal , the camerawork 's predictable , and any subtext 's missing in all the action . The flick 's irradiated with a general insensitivity to human tragedy . The place , though , is deeply eerie on its own .
`` Chernobyl Diaries '' is just senseless , idiotic , and pointless . If a horror movie is going to be chock full of people making stupid decisions , it would be nice if they were at least somewhat logical .
There 's a great idea hiding in there somewhere - shame they did n't find it .
You 've seen this sort of thing before - just not set in such an unusual locale . ` Chernobyl Diaries ' delivers on atmosphere - at least , during the first . That 's not surprising considering that Oren Peli of ` Paranormal Activity ' fame is a producer .
For a film with radioactive bears running around , it 's often strangely dull , though the final descent into the concrete maw of the reactor itself is memorably hellish .
A rote run-and-scream wannabe scarefest that fails to deliver more than rudimentary chills .
Someone should bury Chernobyl Diaries deep underground in a lead-lined box so it can not contaminate any more film goers .
There is a scary and surreal appearance by a bear .
A second-rate horror from Paranormal Activity writer Oren Peli .
Diaries is dark and gruesome , but with little in the way of genuine shock or surprise , you should expect the expected .
It 's watchable enough , topical and slightly better than your average ` attractive young people in peril ' movie .
Does n't set out to reinvent the horror wheel but succeeds as solid genre entertainment .
Chernobyl Diaries has an intriguing premise and makes a commendable stab at subverting expectations , but it ultimately fails to deliver in terms of either gore , suspense or scares .
Beyond their admittedly inspired setting , the filmmakers lack even an iota of invention .
Once the annoying , two-dimensional characters start getting bumped off one by one , it 's just a relief that the actors have stopped improvising their own banal dialogue .
Visual effect supervisor-turned first time director Bradley Parker quickly runs out of creative ideas , making this disaster-tourism trip well worth avoiding .
Eerie locale wasted in predictable Chernobyl .
` My friends are morons , ' asserts a young American , early in the film . However unintentionally , that line sums up the plot of this dull , poorly motivated and dreadfully constructed horror movie .
Takes its sweet time getting down to the dirty business .
More akin to a meander through a haunted house than a fulfilling feature film .
My blood ran ... tepid , and , truthfully there are few surprises .
The people Oren '' `` Paranormal Activity '' Peli charged with turning this idea into a scary movie ignore many of the cardinal rules of horror -- how to build suspense , the necessity of empathy in the characters , the need to give us and them hope ...
It 's palpably dull stuff that 's exacerbated by an incongruous lack of gore , with Parker 's decision to stage each and every one of the kill sequences off-screen -LRB- ! -RRB- proving utterly disastrous ...
A uniquely deadly combination of the poorly-conceived and poorly-executed all whipped up into a zesty cocktail of awful .
I do n't blame the acting , I blame the directing . Obviously from watchig the trailers you know something has happened as a result of the nuclear incident and the explanation for what is just ` eh ... blah ... who cares ?
Director Bradley Parker shakes his camera around a lot .
There are a few thrills in this horror movie concerning the radioactive world of Chernobyl , but overall the movie is tedious and predictable .
The set pieces are impressive as are the visual effects . If you 're looking for a fright this holiday weekend you could do much worse then `` Chernobyl Diaries . ''
The real stars of the movie are the tired devices and plot points . They 're famous , but they 're as old as Betty White : The Guide Is Dead , The Van Wo n't Start , Her Shirt Has a Plunging Neckline , Do n't Go in There .
You should avoid this movie as if it were radioactive .
there is the flatness of predictable formula unsparked by clever direction or particularly outstanding performances in stereotypical roles
Dismally contrived - with formulaic plotting , shaky camerawork , cliched dialogue and repetitive scenes .
It almost seems like some producer saw a found footage movie and copied it , but he did n't really get it . Only the producer in this case is Oren ` Paranormal Activity ' Peli himself !
Watching the protagonists fall one by one , it becomes clear that this is n't a cautionary example : it 's sweet Darwinism in action .
This is not a terrible film yet it is n't necessarily good .
You get the sleazy fatalism you pay for , albeit with production values and scare tactics more atmospheric , restrained and artistic than you might expect .
The core concept has the potential to deliver a clever and original horror film , but all we get is the obligatory cheap scare .
In keeping with some of the better Wrong Turn chillers of recent vintage , the dimwit wayfarers in ` Chernobyl Diaries ' break every rule known to horrordom and are , therefore , ripe for catastrophe . Goody , goody .
Nearly every scary moment is either right out of the horror textbook , or else it subverts logic for an easy shortcut .
Standard-issue genre accessories -LRB- dank stairways , flashlights , overcast skies , frosty windows -RRB- abound ; shocks are mild and few .
Any movie with idiots taking an unsanctioned tour of Chernobyl has to be great , right ? Who wants to see a horror movie with smart characters making brilliant decisions ?
The characters lack basic common sense and the script takes itself way too seriously .
You might actively root for their collective demise , if you could rouse yourself to care one way or the other . Go gallivanting in Chernobyl and you get what you pay for , nimrods .
First-time director Bradley Parker -LRB- working from a script co-written by Paranormal Activity creator Oren Peli -RRB- understands that suggesting is scarier than showing , and confusion generates more suspense than explanations do .
With the faux-verité aesthetics of -LSB- Rec -RSB- , the American-tourists-in-Eastern-European-hell setup of Hostel , and the brain of a mushy radioactive mutant zombie thingie , Chernobyl Diaries is little more than decomposed horror leftovers .
The lack of suspense and surprise in this dispiritingly rote film becomes its own form of contamination .
A run-of-the-mill low-budget flick focused on killing off stupid , pretty young things slowly enough to fill out 90 minutes .
If this horror movie cashes in on the audience that echoes its character 's awareness -LRB- `` That 's where the nucular thing happened , right ? '' -RRB- then we 're about to learn how low our national academic standards are .
This is a standard-issue slasher movie without much slashing , substituting the Chernobyl-workers ' ghost town of Pripyat for the likes of Friday the 13th 's Camp Crystal Lake .
Well-paced direction from first-timer Bradley Parker layers on the tension and tosses in some worthy scares .
The setting is genuinely creepy , but the last act emits low-level thrills .
A basic monster movie that benefits greatly from its unique setting , Chernobyl Diaries again demonstrates Oren Peli 's ability to wrest scares with minimal production values and a clever premise .
Scattered stretches of suspense and a few undeniably potent shocks are not enough to dissipate the sense of deja vu that prevails throughout Chernobyl Diaries .
It 's appropriate that the young cast spends a good deal of time running in circles -- it 's a metaphor for first-time director Brad Parker 's repetitive , colorless action .
Yes , this is another movie where suspense is shuttled aside for actors yelling at the top of their lungs and many meaningless things going much more than ` bump ' in the Ukrainian night .
Mutants ? Near Chernobyl ? You do n't say .
It takes a good hour for one of the leads to suggest that `` we need to be smart about this . '' You want to be smart ? Do n't take an unauthorized tour of a nuclear disaster site .
While filing out of my screening , I overheard the kid next to me turn to his friends and say `` Eh ... I 've seen worse '' and not counting the last 10 minutes here , so have you .
It 's The Hills Have Eyes meets The Blair Witch Project , a flashlight tour through a stupid urban legend , with the unseemly authenticity only real devastation can provide .
Chernobyl Diaries is afflicted with a fatal flaw that damages many horror films : after a better-than-average setup and a promising first half , everything falls apart .
... the location is where Peli 's inspiration started and stopped .
Avoid a boredom meltdown and give this formulaic scarefest a wide berth .
Chernobyl Diaries is a great movie to rent and watch for 85 minutes and then eject the disk before the ending truly ruins it .
The cure for insomnia .
The so-so `` Chernobyl Diaries '' feels like the sort of horror movie that `` Paranormal Activity '' was meant to replace .
You ca n't help but be sucked into the story , even when you pretty much know , beat for beat , where it 's going .
You 'd never wish tragedy upon anyone , but at some point the characters become harder and harder to feel sorry for . Get a clue , people .
Chernobyl Diaries is still full of things to like . The characters are fully three-dimensional , the dialogue is believable and most of the action stems from logical circumstances .
The silly , shallow people in Chernobyl are so spectacularly stupid and keep doing such massively moronic things that you start actively cheering for their deaths .
We take what we can get when it comes to movies about a group of people doing dumb things and being killed off one by one .
If you 're looking for a spooky way to kick off the summer movie season , Chernobyl Diaries more than fits the bill .
The result is akin to pretty much any horror flick -LRB- or a group version of `` I Am Legend '' -RRB- where young people enter spooky places and are picked off one by one . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
An exploitative idea with mind-numbingly stupid behavior and zero explanation .
I can see the average horror junkie looking for some cheap scares and are more forgiving to generic horror movie conventions digging it enough . I just would 've liked to see this promising premise followed through with some worthy characters
It 's not every Friday that you see a horror movie that includes a bear attack , rabid wolves , a mutated fish , and something that looks like the creature from Basket Case crawling across a floor .
A thoroughly frightening study in how to do a tried-and-true formula proud .
Grindhouse garbage that feeds off an authentic human tragedy ... both tasteless and incredibly dull ... the only ` gotcha ' that works is the one that might lure unsuspecting viewers into wasting ten bucks to see it .

@highlight

Despite an interesting premise and spooky atmospherics , Chernobyl Diaries is mostly short on suspense and originality .