Faith-based pigskin tale .
Kendrick needs to learn that didacticism is n't a film aesthetic .
The separation of church and cinema amounts to a long yard at most in this high school football sermon from Georgia-based Baptist pastor Alex Kendrick .
Earnest but amateurish .
In a season in which Invincible and Gridiron Gang already have laid claim to the title of inspirational football movie , this looks like an also-ran .
Its feel-good storyline , shopworn message , and bottomless sermonizing would have played better in Sunday school than on the big screen , which is -- let 's face it -- Babylon 's turf .
Here 's a badly acted movie with a terrific story line that makes it well worth seeing .
A sermon much more than it is a movie .
Most of the actors read their lines earnestly but flatly , and Kendrick has done them no favors by pushing them to play broad comedy in some scenes and anguished drama in others .
Fitfully entertaining ... To reach a broader audience , though , the filmmakers will have to scrap their playbook and learn a whole new set of rules .
Would seem sincere enough , but it 's just a chain of ludicrous cliches of both the sports and religious variety .
For it to have any appeal for persons who do not share the movie 's beliefs would indeed be miraculous -- it 's appallingly bad as anything other than a sermon .
By preaching to the converted so heavy-handedly , the filmmakers fumble an opportunity to reach beyond their target demo of devout churchgoers .
Facing the Giants feels like an overly earnest church sketch of the type many evangelical congregations use as a teaching tool on Sunday between the worship music and pastor 's message .
Facing the Giants falls victim to the tell-don ` t-show brand of filmmaking , in which every character always says exactly what he 's feeling and every time a character 's flaws are pointed out to him , they are immediately corrected .
Those looking for an evening 's diversion will find it an amateur exercise that has the feel of a film-school project .
The wholesomeness of the message and the movie 's cast make it feel 1950s retro .
If it can not avoid the clichés of both the sports film and the inspirational film , at least Facing the Giants leavens its message with good humor .
I 'm not about to argue with the message , but the delivery system sinks below the level of after-school special , and the acting matches .
When a film is as unintentionally corny as this one , it 's anyone 's guess as to how many viewers can stomach all the schmaltz for the positive message at the end .
This time , Jesus rather than Burt Reynolds or The Rock gets the credit for leading an underdog team of football players to victory .
. . more a ministry tool than entertainment , but it is an encouraging development in the ongoing struggle against Hollywood hegemony .
The religious proselytizing in this football movie is about as subtle as a blindside hit by a 300-pound defensive end .
... full of praise for God in place of foul language and biblical quotes in place of deeds . It preaches to the converted -- literally .

@highlight

The tropes of both football and evangelical movies are gracelessly on parade in this banal , insipid drama .