Possibly , the worst of its kind seen in years , not counting Blair Witch ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
2017 had a fair number of dodgy horror films , but this unquestionably deserves to rank among the worst .
The story is similar , although it is `` digitized '' to adapt it to the time it is running , and there is no causal continuity with what happened in the two films with Naomi Watts . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If you love horror as a genre , skip this one and revisit the 2002 film instead or perhaps , watch Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh 's latest MSG film . That 's bound to give you the creeps .
A good , polished spookster for most of its duration , it 's the killer ending that makes the film truly pop . It 's a good example of how the final few seconds of a film can lift it several notches above the routine .
Overall , RINGS is sadly disappointing .
A bigger drag than Samara 's limp locks .
Rings is cursed from the outset , doomed by the same technology in which the franchise once thrived .
The cursed video now looks like an experimental film made by somebody who has watched more Marilyn Manson videos than Stan Brackhage pieces . It does , however , provide clues to a mystery that really is n't worth solving .
Unlike Naomi Watts ' character in the first two films , Julia and Holt are undistinguished by complexity .
A lot more enjoyable than the 2005 sequel , but never comes close to scaling the heights of Verbinski 's film .
The bulk of Rings is content to repeat former gory glories -LRB- often not so coherently -RRB- for minimal impact .
The characters are grossly incompetent , in addition to being vapid , and devoid of common sense . They each deserved what they get because each death meant the film was closer to ending .
The delivery is perfunctory at best , and viewers who do n't already know the story might not be able to figure out what 's happening .
All that this quickly forgettable story has to offer is some jumpscares , the disturbing presence of the Samara hairstyle and a rather banal idea about the concept of updating . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In times when the contents are viralized , the story of a video recorded in VHS that must be copied to end with the curse that causes death to those who see it , is as ridiculous as the existence of this film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There is absolutely nothing here that you have n't seen before .
A film that the Cordovan director saves thanks to a contained and sober visual formulation , that moves away from the most trite mainstream horror . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The powers that be ought to have chosen one premise for the sequel , not two , and ought to have considered whether they even needed one .
Rather than emphasizing the dangers of technology , Rings warns of the worst case scenarios for unnecessary sequels .
As a revival of a once-popular franchise it 's a wasted opportunity , and no amount of prophetic visions , surreal imagery or portentous drivel can convince otherwise .
Rings proved to be nothing short of a complete waste of time , and if this video ended up on my laptop , tablet or any other digital device I 'd delete it off of the hard drive without a second 's hesitation .
It 's far too long at 102 minutes , it does n't follow through on any of its interesting ideas , it 's never scary and , most unforgivably , it 's boring . You can skip this one .
Seven days after seeing Rings , you wo n't remember a thing about it .
The aim of Rings may have been to revive a long-dormant horror franchise , but the outcome is likely to be forgotten even before all the end credits have rolled .
This lethargic , sadly unnecessary horror sequel attempts more of the same mythology but quickly proves to be utterly boring , with dull characters , no genuine scares , and nothing to say .
Pretty much everything about Rings is incoherent .
You 'd be better off watching that cursed Samara video .
With a convoluted basis and disengaging story-line , Rings fails to instill the same slow-burning , primal scares that made the first film such a memorable success .
Rings is not a film to watch if you 're looking for a scare and it does n't really fall into the enjoyably bad or cheesy vein of horror either .
A film that is conditioned by an erratic script that represses the director 's style . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The biggest weakness of this film is that neither the horror nor the suspense appear at any time , the result is rather mediocre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film of prefabricated and industrial aspect in which everything is predictable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Rings is an unfortunate and often incomprehensible mess that kicks off with a neat premise and then never fully explores it .
I did n't want to see it but I had to for professional reasons , so I saw it and then I was sad and mopey . That 's about the gist of it .
An entirely needless followup to The Ring and The Ring Two ...
Up to the finale , the best you could say for it is , `` Well , I 've seen worse . ''
Although initially the film does n't want to repeat the same stories from its prequel , soon reveals that there 's not much new ground to go through , as the characters are surprisingly silly . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Not the worst horror movie right now , but it 's certainly the worst film of the trilogy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In conceptualizing how it feels to be inescapably pursued by something that 's embedded in your culture , 2015 's It Follows is a much better sequel to The Ring .
A hollow , plastic cash-in , crudely crafted with an awkwardly jimmied origin subplot , flat-pack teen protagonists and a story which could have been jotted on the back of a stamp en route to the pitch meeting .
`` Rings '' proves to be superior to the two previous movies what with its streamlined story and eerie atmosphere .
A copy of a copy of a copy makes for a pale imitation of a horror film .
Ultimately just another desperate cash grab at a franchise property that probably should never have been a franchise in the first place .
The law of diminishing returns is knocking so hard that we 're starting to wonder how we ever got sucked in by this hokum about a VHS tape that kills you a week after you watch it .
Skip Rings and rewatch either The Ring or the Japanese original instead .
If crap movies carried penalties for inflicting torture on audiences , then Rings would merit a death sentence .
Ring down the curtain , this franchise revival is not saved by the bell .
It is cruel fate that planted Rings on a release date after we 've learned that far scarier things can happen in seven days .
The characters lack charisma and it 's impossible to connect with them and for that reason , one does n't care if they live or die . In conclusion , it fails to fulfill its primary purpose of entertaining . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Rather than surprise or scare the audience , it will only unleash laughter and yawning . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even if there are few surprises for fans of the series , the first half of Rings does locate enough of that uneasy nexus between technology and the supernatural to warrant a matinee .
This film may be a light-hearted option for a billboard full of Oscar nominees , however , hardcore fans of the genre will find that it may be better to remember Hideo Nakata 's Ringu or to consider Sadako vs. Kayako . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Rings embodies a common problem of attempted franchise revivals : indecision about its intentions .
Rings is like a copy of a copy of a copy of an old video tape ; garbled , faded and impossible to watch .
The main characters are two good-looking Stepford millennials with no histories or discernible personalities of their own . Their sheer blankness is almost scary , which is as scary as this movie gets .
In the end Rings did n't make me want to drink Drano . It had enough distractions but that 's a low bar for a horror movie that includes D'Onofrio and Galecki , who could run rings around the rest of the cast given better material .
There 's the odd jump scare -- Samara , barely present in her own movie , seen through a keyhole ; an umbrella loudly popping open right into the camera -- but that 's about it .
It 's not a terrible setup . But Rings does n't end up doing much with its fresh ideas .
The biggest problem with all of this is the overwhelming sense of apathy the film brings to almost everything .
Fans of the franchise will probably be pleased ... Too many horror sequels are content merely to recycle what worked the first time .
It 's just another thoughtless cash-grab sequel in a horror-movie franchise better off dead .
Rings can not make sense of the hodgepodge of old and new mythology , which confuses a Samara origin story that had already been settled in the other entries .
The story of Samara Morgan , once potent nightmare fuel , has become less scary with each new iteration , culminating in this new , ridiculous installment directed by F. Javier Gutiérrez .
After 100 minutes , you 're dead from boredom .
There 's a place for a Ring sequel in this modern , tech-obsessed time , but Rings is too beholden with current trends to truly exploit the potential it displays in its early going .
Mostly Rings offers the warmed-up leftovers of a style that has n't felt fresh since the first George W. Bush administration . It 's an unkind rewind .
It is an audacious writer who sizes up this material and decides `` more backstory '' is the way to go . It is a pained audience who must endure the result .
The net effect a poor piece of film-making .
Gutiérrez and his team of writers tried to deepen the mythology of the Ring universe , but it 's ultimately an exercise in futility .
Categorizing Rings as `` horror '' would be a disservice to genre films , because at least the lowest of the low attempt a scare here or there .
Rings spent nearly a year-and-a-half sitting on a shelf . For all intents and purposes , it could have just stayed there indefinitely .
Rings is the worst horror film in years . Unintentionally funny , with zero scares and piss poor performances , its best hope is to serve as a cautionary tale for future horror filmmakers .
A grab-bag of inane horror tropes -LSB- marked by -RSB- a lethargic , sleep-inducing pace accentuated by painfully murky visuals .
The longer Rings plays , the more potential it abandons , introducing an elaborate new backstory for a character that simply does n't need it and downshifting into a conventional psychological thriller in its final third .
See Julia get trapped and terrified in a crypt . See her get strangled by a murderous blind man . See her cough up the world 's longest hairball .
Torments us not only with repeated and recycled material from the first films , but also tired haunted house type horror conventions . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
At no point does the movie manage even a single sequence of sustained tension , or a frisson of genuine terror .
Essentially a well-produced , easily accessed B-movie . Still , it would n't kill you to watch it , and it does more than expected to reinvent its particular wheel .
Not as scary nor as atmospheric as The Ring , but it 's nonetheless creepy , suspenseful and an improvement on the sequel with great visual effects and sound design/editing .
Before You Die , You Do n't Need To See ` Rings '
First you watch Rings , then you die ... of boredom . And it might feel like seven days before the end credits too .
Rings is a mediocre horror sequel handicapped by poor writing that will only appeal to die hard fans of the genre and source material .
Rings leaves a stain around what was once a fun thriller franchise .
More wearying than frightening , Rings is a total non-starter .
Gutiérrez ca n't unnerve you with a location or a situation ; he overdoses on close-ups of his actors without indicating he cares about them as characters , to the detriment of any spatial coherence or framing tension .
The 1998 film and its 2002 remake were able to create enough creepy images and sounds to forgive the unexplainable , but Rings has characters doing the unforgivable and saying the unlistenable , so nothing skates by .
Fans of `` The Ring '' would be best to stick with that ravishingly mounted modern classic and leave this lame offshoot securely buried .
F Javier Gutiérrez 's ` threequel ' arrives a decade late to the party with little new to offer .
Imagine eating wallpaper paste , listening to Coldplay and watching the entire ` Da Vinci Code ' trilogy back to back . Still less boring than ` Rings ' .
In the end , this latest `` Rings '' sequel is just inexcusably bad .
Far too much effort is expended on larding in ridiculous elements and characters that send the story in all directions , none of them involving brain cells or any real sense of dread .
Rings does little to improve upon a tired horror idea that 's been done better by other filmmakers , making it aggravatingly redundant .
An entirely useless film .
Stuff this one in the corner along with all the old VHS tapes you 'll never watch again .
Rings is unsure as to whether it 's a sequel to the other entries in the series or a contemporary reboot .
It 's now the file-share that kills . I do n't know why that 's less threatening , but it is , kind of like seeing your favorite album cover reduced to a digital postage stamp .
Unlikely to fire up the faithful and almost sure not to attract new fans to this J-horror-derived property .
What is The Ring when nobody uses VHS anymore and instead watches all their video online ? Rings does not explore that . Instead it just rehashes The Ring but using copied video files instead of tapes .
If you were wondering how a movie series about a killer VHS tape would transition from the analog age to the digital age , keep wondering .
Goes to the well one too many times .

@highlight

Rings may offer ardent fans of the franchise a few threadbare thrills , but for everyone else , it may feel like an endless loop of muddled mythology and rehashed plot points .