Wholly unsatisfying , interminable in length with marginal acting , at best , there is little but the opening 15 minutes and the mesmerizing Daniil Vorobov to recommend this film .
The film tackles solidarity and solitude , economic class , language and lingering ages -- managing to remain engaging throughout most of its two hours-plus running time .
Writer-director-editor Robin Campillo has crafted an unruly yet pointed drama that should intrigue patient viewers .
The movie argues that these teens ' lawless , selfish mentality is a by-product of having grown up in war-stricken countries such as Chechnya , where they lived through horrors that permanently skewed their moral compasses .
Dour , dark sexual drama about a rich , middle-aged French pervert -LRB- Olivier Rabourdin -RRB- who arranges for a rent boy to turn up to his plush apartment only to find his plans going awry .
-LSB- An -RSB- ambitious and often arresting French drama .
Campillo has fashioned an empathetic exploration of what it is to be an immigrant intertwined with an acutely original love story . This offering is clearly a highpoint of 2015 for any lover of challenging , yet immensely entertaining films .
It 's a fairly straightforward home invasion set-up , but what makes writer-director Robin Campillo 's sophomore feature so intriguing is how it carefully subverts expectations .
A torrid , slow-burning , yet highly combustive French drama , Eastern Boys is rife with psychological tension and inter-cultural unease .
-LRB- Writer-director Robin -RRB- Campillo 's script takes several surprising turns , and the film 's denouement is quite touching . The film manages to be both sexy and compassionate , which makes it all the more impressive .
Both surprisingly resonant , and something of a thrill-ride .
-LSB- Campillo -RSB- leaves us , at the end , in an appropriately ambiguous place .
Warm , emotionally resonating and quietly powerful with tender , natural performances .
Explores interlocking themes of sexuality , immigration and power dynamics with a cleareyed sensitivity and refuses to demonize even its shadiest characters .
The premise is so simple and the storytelling so uncluttered that it can not fail to lodge in your mind .
Impressively staged and non-judgmental study of the love between a john and a young hustler is compelling but a tad too cold .
As each new chapter unravels , so do our preconceived notions of the film 's characters .
By turns a frightening home-invasion drama , a tender love story and a tense hide-and-seek thriller , with far more control over these unsettling tonal slides than initially seems feasible .
Campillo thankfully refrains from offering on-the-nose explications for behavior and decisions , instead letting audiences infer psychology and motivation from on-screen behavior .
`` Eastern Boys '' never quite fulfills the promise of those first few minutes .
What a relief to watch this small , expert film - a pane of glass in a concrete wall - that whispers , that dares to stand still and witness ordinary human pain .
A ferocious plea for character salvation within a milieu where money and bodily affect are the raison d'être for human existence .
The distinct ambiguity from the opening stages extends throughout this memorable piece , as we know so little about our two protagonists .
A businessman -LRB- Olivier Rabourdin -RRB- makes an assignation with a rent boy and gets more than he bargained for .
Repugnant drama about the tender relationship between a man who pays for sex and the boy he hires . At least Pretty Woman pretended to be a fairy tale .
An extremely topical theme and unpredictable characters hold the audience 's attention even when this French drama takes some rather implausible turns .
The effect is more redolent of a Gus Van Sant spin on Oliver Twist , not least because of Jeanne Lapoirie 's dreamy cinematography -LRB- warm orange bodies against icy blue backdrops -RRB- and Robin Campillo 's lyrical editing .
Some films take a while to engage their audience . Others , like Robin Campillo 's masterful Eastern Boys , grip you from the very first frame .
The term `` melodrama '' is rarely used as a compliment , but writer/director Robin Campillo goes some way to reclaiming it with this four-act saga that switches tone and direction with assurance .
Robin Campillo 's drama is sweet and neat , as ambitious as it is gripping .
This wistful study of migration and acceptance is over-stretched and tonally awkward despite some estimable performances .
The performances are first-class throughout , with even the smallest parts undertaken with impressive intensity and commitment .
Illegal immigration , unequal relationships and gay sex are put under the microscope in this compelling and slyly urgent drama .
Fascinating and suspenseful

@highlight

Thoughtful , unpredictable , and overall gripping , Eastern Boys fills its sprawling running time with compelling themes and sharply drawn characters brought to life by powerful performances and deft direction .