There is a great movie in A Prairie Home Companion , which is based on Garrison Keillor 's long-running radio show . Meryl Streep gives an amazing performance as a country singer .
It 's remarkable how charitable , on the whole , this movie feels ; in all of the previous examples , the vision of pop and people is at best tangled , at worst jaundiced .
... for the uninitiated , the story meanders far too much to resonate , and Altman 's relentless focus on mortality dampens the show 's amiable charm .
It looks and feels like an Altman film , but one made completely on a pointless lark .
Life is fleeting , but A Prairie Home Companion , slender and perfect , proves that art endures as a reminder of it
It is obviously the film of a master and certainly feels like a swan song .
Swan songs are seldom as sweet or melodic as A Prairie Home Companion .
The movie is a shaggy-dog trifle , but it 's a sweet and lovely one .
Altman 's star-studded cast is natural and energetic -- with the exception of a surprisingly detached Keillor -- and the Hollywood folks mingle easily , in character , among the real show 's performers , a technique Altman perfected in Nashville .
... a lovely and bittersweet fable about morality , the fleetingness of fame , drawing strength from the past and finding the inevitable beauty in the darkest of situations .
In its neatest trick of all , the script circumvents any criticism of its lack of timeliness by very literally casting the proceedings under a shadow of death .
Alternatively wistful and satirical , Prairie is n't an Altman classic , but it 's a fine time .
This adaptation is highly-recommended for loyal devotees of the long-running radio show as a cinematic capstone on Keillor 's magnificent career .
La despedida de Robert Altman no está entre lo mejor de su obra , pero es una cálida evocación de tiempos y ritos pasados animada por un atractivo elenco .
-LSB- Altman 's -RSB- trademark techniques ... lend themselves perfectly to the setting , but his ability to coax remarkable performances from an array of actors has rarely served him better .
Plenty of artistry , even if it is a minor Altman film . So long , Robert .
It 's a warm and dignified end to a sometimes erratic but often enthralling career .
It 's a lovely and loving film .
The movie , redolent of death , is a sort of wake , but a funny-sad one , teeming with music , corny jokes , and an ensemble of gifted performers who appear to be having an obscene amount of fun in one another 's company .
A fitting swansong for Altman 's career , this is an enjoyable comedy drama with strong performances , lively musical numbers and a handful of decent jokes .
Just lovely , and a magnificently enjoyable coda to an extraordinary career .
This ode to a bygone style of entertainment is a fitting swan song for Altman .
Poucos cineastas têm ou tiveram a oportunidade de se despedir com tamanha graça e charme de seus fãs ... algo que Altman conseguiu com este filme simultaneamente melancólico e alegre .
A Prairie Home Companion is surely the bounciest , cheeriest musical I 've ever seen on the subject of death and failure .
The gentle , wistful quality that floods Robert Altman 's latest film is accompanied by a robust sensibility about life 's raw elements , a sense of humour and a playfulness .
A celebration of show business at its purest and most joyful .
... essentially a sentimental musical comedy , with the barest rudiments of a story lingering in the background .
A whimsical , good-natured , humorous , gentle movie about death .
You do n't have to be an NPR junkie to appreciate Garrison Keillor and Robert Altman 's sweet , gently funny tale about an old-fashioned radio show taking its last bow .
Fans of Altman 's naturalistic style and admirers of Keillor 's wit will find plenty to love in A Prairie Home Companion .
With A Prairie Home Companion , Robert Altman has once again showcased his talent for creating complex , insular worlds for his characters to inhabit .
When Altman lets it be like the radio show , the film could n't be more heavenly as it becomingly glides along with its sweetly laced nostalgia bromide .
It 's a testament to Altman and his cast that they can take a script this lousy and get just enough charm out of it to get by .
Nostalgic for an idealized version of wry family entertainment that probably never quite existed , it embodies all that is strong in character about the Midwest , or at least what should be .
Robert Altman might be 81 years old , but damn he still knows how to direct a big cast of characters in an entertaining movie .
Altman does n't do much here that he has n't done before -- and much of it better -- but he does it with such ease and élan that it 's impossible not to get caught up in it all .
Simply put , it is a pleasure to watch and a film that I 'd gladly see again .
In a world of hype , earthshaking and globe-threatening crises , and annoying celebrity excess , what a contrast , what a respite , what a blessing it is to seek refuge weekly in A Prairie Home Companion !
It 's all pleasant , mildly amusing , and mostly of interest to fans of the radio show . Others may find it less than riveting .
`` A Prairie Home Companion '' is an incredibly well-made and graceful film , with an unbelievably gifted cast dancing to the Midwestern poetry of Garrison Keillor 's script and Robert Altman 's direction .
I ca n't necessarily say that I 'd be more inclined to listen to the show -LSB- on the radio -RSB- , but I was surprised by how much I enjoyed it on the big screen .
The movie is a lot like everything Keillor does , reliable and pleasant , but nothing very exciting or even remarkable . It is the cinematic equivalent of a dish of vanilla ice cream .
This is the kind of entertainment that will get the over-50 crowd out of their Lazy Boys and into the theater
A radio writer earlier in life , 81-year-old Altman is obviously still in love with the art form , and `` A Prairie Home Companion '' is a passionate ode to a skill that has lost its romanticism .
I wonder if anyone will consider Keillor for a Best Supporting Actor Oscar next year . He manages to steal Companion from his entire cast of superstars .
Long musical numbers make it difficult to loyally follow through with .
The gentle satire of Garrison Keillor 's beloved radio variety show gets an extra kick of self-reflective snark in Robert Altman 's pleasantly meandering tribute/reimagining .
Meryl Streep is a national treasure
Fans of Keillor 's radio show may love it , but it 's just not engaging enough to satisfy the rest of us .
A perplexingly kooky comedy about death , -LSB- it -RSB- manages to do what Altman has almost never done before : allow a different artist their own voice .
This is Altman in a minor key ...
Keillor and Altman 's eccentric duet is closer to Hollywood than St. Paul -- and more dirge than celebration .
It sparkles with a magic all its own as an engagingly performed piece of Midwestern whimsy and stoicism . Mr. Altman 's flair for ensemble spectacle and seamless improvisation in the midst of utter chaos is as apparent as ever .
What a lovely film this is , so gentle and whimsical , so simple and profound .
Aficionados of the radio show , and those who remember the days of programs like it , should be thrilled with this heartfelt tribute to the era of radio gone by .
Keillor has handed Altman the script of a lifetime , and Altman has given him the perfect film of it -- while summing up so much of himself and his films in the bargain .
Its main draws are comfortable , skilled ensemble playing , a few chuckles , and an admirable humorist/satirist 's unique world turned to the dark side .
No American filmmaker other than Robert Altman could have been a better choice for Garrison Keillor 's relentlessly quirky corner of an Americana that does n't exist anymore .
Nothing can be something when your characters are actually characters , and they hem and haw about life 's simple pleasures and problems in attitudes ranging from blasé to charmingly quixotic .
The pairing of Altman and Keillor is a stroke of genius .
Such is Altman 's gift with actors that he even makes Lindsay Lohan seem fresh-faced , building the film to a climax in which the pop tartlet makes the most of her thin voice .
Robert Altman has a real knack for making quality , quirky movies . ` A Prairie Home Companion ' is no exception .
I 'm ready to see it again , if only to watch Garrison Keillor voicing a commercial via his old-fashioned radio mike .
Either you like that brand of music and humor or you do n't . I am not a huge fan .
A beautiful farewell party , one that balances drama and comedy with ample , unexpected heart .
It 's often those small , tossaway moments - Keillor reviewing script unabashed in his underpants , Streep cheekily yipping extra ` ees ' out of a sung ` prairie , ' that make it special .
` A Prairie Home Companion ' makes us laugh and care and cry with characters who never say die .
Gets big laughs in its clever , rapid-fire delivery and finds beauty and wisdom within its narrative simplicity .
Between Robert Altman , Garrison Keillor and all the award winning actors just waiting to use all their drama school techniques , there 's no room for anyone looking for entertainment or insight .
This is an Altman show , through-and-through . Fans will be elated to discover that everything that makes him such a singular filmmaking voice is present and accounted for .
Instead of giving us something forceful or poignant , Altman seems to prefer a sort of objective curtain , shrouding the story and the characters .
Keillor may be the only one in history to keep happy both the sentimentalists who love Kinkade and the cynics who love po-mo happy , each thinking they 're the only ones who really get him .
As it stands , it entertains quite a bit , frustrates too much , and leaves you feeling slightly undernourished , like a meal of tasty but not filling hors d'oeuvres .
Altman and Keillor 's A Prairie Home Companion is fittingly both a celebration and a winning example of the joys of collaboration .
A Prairie Home Companion is nothing short of a real treat and an experience lovers of the radio show and future lovers of it should n't miss .
If Companion were merely an exercise in styles , it would be a complete success . Problems arise in conjuring a storyline to fill the space between acts , or to give the movie an arc .
Overall , the film falls into some comforting cocoon midway between affectionate spoof and adoring homage , much like Keillor 's warmly nostalgic show .
Oh where oh where has Lake Wobegon gone ? Oh where oh where could it be ? This mythical place is the heart and soul of pretty much everything Garrison Keillor has done in the last three decades . It 's not there !!!! AAAAAAAAAARG !!!!
Pass the Powdermilk Biscuits , slice the pie and serve the corn .
It 's a tribute to music 's power to heal us , to the way a familiar tune brings a comfortable old-shoe smile and the way a group sing-along bonds those within it , creating a community in that moment .
While Altman 's signature spontaneity conveys the danger of a live broadcast , the puncturing irreverence that made his films from Nashville to Gosford Park so devilishly fun has been neutered by Keillor 's sentimentality .
This is not one of the good Altmans . This is n't even one of the mediocre Altmans . No , the cinema 's girl with the curl is back , and this time he 's very , very bad .
The movie , the most blithely charming film Altman has made , is a fully satisfying meal .
Like a pair of faux-fur-lined rubber boots on a Minnesota winter morning , A Prairie Home Companion is warm , charmingly contrived and easy to slip into .
Fans of Keillor or Altman will have a grand old time . Fans of both will be near ecstatic .
Who knew Altman would turn so sweet this late in the game ? Whatever the reason for it , it 's working .
A Prairie Home Companion is about small-beer showbiz professionals who face extinction with a smile on their face , a song in their heart , and a biscuit in their belly .
The movie brings us an old-fashioned radio variety show , in all its glory , and an old-fashioned Robert Altman movie , all ensemble-and-improvisation .
For the rest of us , this is a woebegone world we not only do n't know but do n't particularly want to visit .
Sketchy , rambling , tune-filled -- and , at best , mildly entertaining .
This is a lovely marriage of two of America 's wisest cultural observers , native Midwesterners and modern Mark Twains , who value their heritage while occasionally poking it with a stick .
If this dull , cramped and literal film is any indication , Keillor 's sturdy and expansive sense of imagination defies physical manifestation .
Even if you 're not a regular listener of Keillor 's show A Prairie Home Companion weaves a spell on you . It 's a charmer .
It 's a sweet thing to hear and see -- and when have we been able to say that about an Altman movie ?
There does n't seem to be much point to A Prairie Home Companion , but it 's smart and charming and the music is lovely . Maybe that 's the point .
While lacking a conventional plot arc , PHC nevertheless is totally engaging , crammed with laughable , lovable vignettes and characters with whom we 're more than happy to spend some time .
A Prairie Home Companion glides along effortlessly offering some sweet sentiment , loads of gentle laughs and some great little musical moments .
Nondevotees also should find a home in this agreeable , accessible Companion .
A Prairie Home Companion is a meditation on death that has you humming to the melody and laughing at the joke -- it 's an elegiac picture that refuses to eulogize .
Streep 's work aside , you can pretty much get all that 's worth having out of the film by skipping it entirely and buying the soundtrack album .
Those who have the sense to seek out this film will find themselves delightfully transported as Altman and screenwriter-star Garrison Keillor tackle issues of time , mortality and family while offering up great dollops of homespun entertainment .
The movie is not just enormously entertaining , it is deeply moving , both in the way it celebrates storytelling and storytellers -- and in the unembarrassed way its creators and performers remind us how much we need them .
If A Prairie Home Companion is director Robert Altman 's swan song , it 's a tune with plenty of sweet , rootsy grace notes .
It 's a suitable companion piece to past Altman forays into the arts such as Nashville and The Player , though lightweight by comparison .
Even with its feisty , anti-corporate sympathies , this movie adaptation of Garrison Keillor 's beloved Midwestern radio drollery is a breezy affair .
The latest gem from iconoclastic director Robert Altman -LRB- The Player , Nashville -RRB- mirrors much of his greatest work ; another wise , observant multicharacter study that saunters rather than speeds from extended scene to extended scene .
Good-humored and enormously entertaining but also sentimental and a little dishonest .
A gentle , graceful movie so preoccupied with death and the end of things that it seems like the work of a man politely preparing his own funeral service -- corny jokes included -- to save his loved ones the trouble .
Set during the final broadcast of a fictional version of Garrison Keillor 's real-life radio variety show -- which is still on the air after 25 years -- this backstage fable is particularly suited for auteur director Robert Altman .
Altman and Garrison Keillor have turned Keillor 's beloved radio show into the sort of backstage entertainment allegory that brings out the best in the director .
Fans should enjoy A Prairie Home Companion , a movie based on Keillor 's satirical radio show , known for its dry Midwestern wit and fake ads for biscuits and duct tape .
A beguiling backstage fable with a dream cast , A Prairie Home Companion offers a hilarious -- and heartfelt -- valentine to radio .
-LSB- Altman -RSB- gives his performers breathing space , and many - like the always-great Streep and the subtly impressive Lohan - take great advantage of it .
Altman 's films almost always give more attention to character details than they do to plot developments , and ` Prairie ' is no exception . ... captivating humor and enormously appealing music ...
As one who eschews Altman , I am glad that I saw this movie ... It speaks to a part of me that I forget exists , and one that I value in myself , and it 's a well-orchestrated bit of filmmaking as well .
Using the classic radio show for his template , Altman helms his most fluid and fun work in years .
... the film is so busy coddling itself in colloquial humor and Keillor 's conjured up diatribes that , from one Minnesotan to you , is n't funny in it 's own right . The humor depends largely on whether or not you 've been a fan of the original show .
Hard to describe and even more difficult to categorize , A Prairie Home Companion is a head-scratching delight full of charms and idiosyncrasies guaranteed to stand the test of time .
You might call A Prairie Home Companion an unlikely Lindsay Lohan movie . You could also call it the best work she 's done , the best work she 's likely to do , or the best chance she 's had to do good work .
Altman 's direction and Keillor 's writing mesh perfectly in this quirky , yet ` homey and welcoming ' film .
An appreciation of artists , albeit a sadder one ... perhaps -LSB- Altman -RSB- 's saying here that the end does n't have to be bitter -- it can be bittersweet .
Garrison Keillor is an acquired taste . The whole movie is like his penguin joke , ` it 's not that funny ' ... but you laugh anyway .
The movie is as enjoyable as the broadcast , and it 's cheaper than going to a live show
With APHC , quite possibly the iconoclastic filmmaker 's final work , Altman becomes reflective , melancholy and , most surprising of all , sentimental .
Like most Altman movies , A Prairie Home Companion is intelligent and indulgent , an experiment conducted by an ensemble .
The problem is that we 're never given any reason to care one way or the other about the fate of the show or its performers .
It 's Lindsay Lohan who appears relaxed rather than desperate to be funny .
A Prairie Home Companion is a sort of The Last Waltz meets Christopher Guest-ish , Robert Altman-steered mockmentary hootenanny !
The director 's dreamy pacing perfectly captures the radio show 's comforting , Sunday afternoon nostalgia .
Keillor has managed to tamper with his homegrown formula in ways that will put the casual viewer to sleep and perhaps confuse his fervent fanbase to a point of complete disinterest .
you do n't have to be a regular listener to enjoy the film . It 's great enough on its own , minus that part where Lindsay Lohan sings and gives caterwauling a bad name .
the entire film is an inside joke : someone can explain it to you , but it will never be as fun as if you just ... got it .
This reminder to love life as if ` every show is the last show ' sparkles like its opening night sky .
Worth a look , especially for the sheer enjoyment of watching Streep and Tomlin do their schtick , but the film is , at best , Altman lite .
Whatever A Prairie Home Companion has to say about aging , about death , about the mutability of art , is never stated outright : And yet it 's all there in the picture 's rambunctious collage of moods .
In the end , the movie 's wistful , warm-hearted ways win its audience over to the light side , just like Keillor wants it .
At its best , it 's a gentle meditation on mortality . But at weaker moments it feels meandering and strangely empty .
Without Keillor 's monologue and the show 's collective inclusion on the joke , the movie falls into a strange nostalgia for something that hardly anyone remembers , if it ever really existed at all .
A few homilies about death aside , the film has nothing more on its mind than telling some jokes and singing some songs .
A Prairie Home Companion is as heartwarming as a plate of Powdermilk Biscuits , as unexpected as a slice of rhubarb pie and as wistful as a chorus of Red River Valley .
A late , minor addition to the Robert Altman collection but a treasure all the same A Prairie Home Companion is more likely to inspire fondness than awe .
Although contemporary , the film has the deliberately antique flavor of old-time radio -- the world that existed before television .
By the movie 's own reckoning , it 's a success : a dented , mysterious item that you would find buried in a secondhand store -- a relic of the old , weird America that Keillor so loves .
A Prairie Home Companion tries to embrace the spirit of that longtime radio series but suffocates the very qualities that make the original show so special in the first place .
If one were to bring the sprawling program , which practically formulates nostalgia as a tangible commodity , to a movie screen , one could n't hope for a better director than Robert Altman .
Although the film 's tone , like the radio show , is droll and spry , Altman turns it into a thinly veiled meditation on death .
This is the Altman of Nashville , back to inhabiting the performer 's world with thoroughness and infectious affection .
The shaggy Prairie Home has first-class distractions in the fine singing of its large cast and in the wryly amusing script by Garrison Keillor .
The match between writer/star Garrison Keillor and director Robert Altman is a remarkably fine fit , and the film has a sweet ` September Song ' poignancy .
Altman fans should be right at home in this down home tribute to Keillor 's long-running radio show .
For a film about death and endings , A Prairie Home Companion is a cracking good time -- a warm , golden bauble within which to shelter , like the radio show that inspired it , from the misery and ennui that engulf us in and out of the multiplex .
Robert Altman adapts the radio to the screen , or the screen to the radio , in this affectionate , mortality-fixated salute to old-timey music , values and the timeless allure of Powdermilk biscuits .
It 's been a very long time since any Robert Altman film has been as enjoyable as A Prairie Home Companion .
Altman 's sidewinding tribute to a surprisingly hardy 32-year-old public radio phenomenon is like a 105-minute putter in the garden , with a few songs and some jokes . It 's nice .
An unabashed love letter to the way things used to be .
... charming , enjoyable , and less complex than the director 's best : it 's Altman Lite , which is a fine thing to be .
A Prairie Home Companion is really about all those good things that must eventually come to an end : love , life , a good song -- and a grand movie such as this .
If ever there were a venue in this region in dire need of Prince dropping by , this is it . These Twin Cities folks desperately need to swap NPR for the NPG .
A meandering , breezy yarn , Robert Altman 's unabashedly cornball adaptation accomplished something that few films have been able to pull off : it actually made me homesick .
Do n't expect the biting satire of `` Nashville , '' though . This movie is pretty much an inside job .
That Altman , Keillor , and the cast make that imagined time and place so congenial , and so easy for those who are n't familiar with the radio show to enter , is a compelling testimonial to the continuing artistic vitality of its two main creators .
Despite a folksy , low-key appeal , this movie is likely to primarily interest fans of Garrison Keillor 's popular radio program .
I did n't laugh once , but I tapped my feet a lot to the rhythm of the captivating music .
A great way to discover what so many diehard fans have known for years .
What sustains the film is the performers ' belief in their shaggy-dog selves , which is more than just talent -- it 's faith .
A Prairie Home Companion is about as charming as waking up with a dead animal in your bed .
The film ... contains some wonderful moments but added together they do n't coalesce into something special . This is n't Altman at his best ... nor is it Altman at his worst . Still , middling Altman is far superior to a lot of the dreck playing in movie thea
The world 's tallest shy comedian floats out of the radio with a power cast that even Altman is challenged to harness .
Altman 's best film since the one-two punch of The Player and Short Cuts back in the early 1990s .
A small movie about big things , A Prairie Home Companion is a freewheeling grab-bag of moments both comic and tragic , tied together by Altman 's stubborn , unyielding assertion that all good things -- including life itself -- must soon come to an end .
I never learned enough about any of the characters or their snippets of stories to care about anything they said or did .
Keillor 's modest subservience to Altman 's group dynamic feels downright gallant , and in the context of the veteran director 's most humanistic movie by a wide margin , it certainly has its rewards .
A nutty , fictional ode-elegy to a show that 's still going strong , A Prairie Home Companion offers a unique hybrid of a folksy American showman and an improvisatory impresario .
Pleasant , almost calming , a reverie of mood and character I could easily enter more than once .
A thin , ephemeral conceit ... a bit like a ballet dancer wearing cement shoes .
An amusing , evocative , endearing , nostalgic glimpse of down-home Americana .
Emotionally , the movie is a queasy and unsatisfying experience .
A fine and funny entertainment that also gives us a keen sense of the impermanence of all creative endeavors and the fleeting nature of reality .
An Almanesque outburst of musical joy .
An uneven yarn of pregnant pauses punctuated by charm .
Altman enjoys the company of the characters and their swirl of sweet-and-sour chemistry but has little luck creating any drama from the situation ...
`` A Prairie Home Companion '' is a cringe-worthy Robert Altman movie because it lacks all traces of the director 's former glory . You could blame Garrison Keillor but that would be giving him too much credit .
The whole vibe is a bit like watching your friends put on a show , or in my case , like watching my dad 's friends put on a show .
There 's no plot per se , just a bunch of people yappin ' on about old times ...
For those , me included , who used to think of Keillor 's radio program as tepid , self-indulgent , repetitive and flat , you might even call it a revelation . Take a swig of this moonshine . There 's magic in it .
The iconic 81-year-old auteur 's own attempt at confronting both his advancing age and his legacy .
Altman 's graceful camera , the movement of characters across the frame , and the overlapping voices collectively evoke a genial sense of place .
Against all odds , the finished product is a seamless collaboration and a tasty concoction indeed .
Keillor 's fans will probably consider the film a masterwork , while Altman 's people will file it away as one of the director 's average efforts .
More in the vein of The Company , this look at the long-running radio show is modest and laid back but only mildly enjoyable due to the acting and singing of ensemble of Meryl Streep , Lily Tomlin , Woody Harrelson .
Rib-ticklingly funny at times and genial as all get-out .
Garrison Keillor , impresario , creator and host of one of radio 's longest running programs -- 31 years and counting -- and director Robert Altman are a match made in heaven .




@highlight

The final film by the great Robert Altman , A Prairie Home Companion , the big screen adaptation of Garrison Keillor 's radio broadcast showcases plenty of the director 's strengths : it 's got a gigantic cast and plenty of quirky acting and dialogue .