Until the final 15 minutes of its deceptively short hour-and-a-half running time , Hero is a marvel , one of the best films to be released in the United States this year . It concludes , however , on a note both emotionally unsatisfying and morally idiotic .
If it were merely lovely and silly , that would be fine , but Hero wants to be more than merely kung fu fun . It has a message .
As they move through the martial-arts sequences , the performers leave the impression that the laws of gravity are subject to amendment . The rules of love and war -- all 's fair -- are , Hero makes clear , immutable .
The result is not so much a historical epic as a kind of highly determined ballet : dreamy with bloodless violence , relying less on shades of character than on magnificence of gesture .
The austerity of Hero makes you realize how cluttered other action movies are .
What makes Hero special is that it has so much more going for it than just the superb fight sequences . There are a satisfyingly complex plot , passionate romance , cool special effects and strong performances .
Sumptuous and breath-catching , Hero blends the elegance of fine visual art with the more familiar cinematic jollies of attractive people engaged in crunching punch-ups .
Zhang Yimou 's Hero is a true martial arts epic -- a spectacle of movement , color and sound that will leave you awe-struck .
The result is both thrilling and thoughtful , offering imaginative action sequences as it considers questions of loyalty and the individual 's role in history .
Intoxicatingly beautiful , structurally enigmatic and decidedly brief .
As a technical achievement , Hero finds Zhang at the height of his powers , effortlessly expanding into complex genre filmmaking without losing his command . But in light of his earlier work , the film continues a sharp decline in urgency .
Gorgeous martial arts movie for older kids .
Zhang weaves a complex and interesting story but the ultimate strength of Hero is its poetic beauty .
When we are not left agog by the pristine production design and costuming , we marvel at the various staged conflicts , each one bringing a new level of proficiency and polish to an already overripe genre .
A visually stunning martial arts epic in the wuxia tradition .
Without the clarity of story , we begin to lose connection with the martial action , and it starts to seem repetitive .
This intriguing , intoxicating martial-arts epic about the unification of China during the third century B.C. is a visual masterpiece .
... one of the best films of its kind and one of the most beautiful films ever made .
In what may be the movie 's most spectacular set piece ... Zhang pits the sword against the pen and fends off war with knowledge and non-violence .
Better experienced than discussed -- and better seen two or more times .
While consistently watchable , Yimou 's movie is infused with a dirge-like tone ... making it a somewhat wearisome and sluggish experience
Dishes up some of the most extravagant doodling in cinema .
Each scene is a painting ; within those paintings is a ballet of movement , in the guise of wire-aided martial arts .
An assured , loving cinematic tone poem to the martial arts genre .
The film 's art direction , fight choreography , music , acting and especially cinematography are top notch , making this a movie I would highly recommend .
The film 's themes are Shakespearean in their grandeur and simplicity . The title might well have a question mark appended , as the issue of heroism is roundly examined .
Hero is filled with vibrant colors , well-choreographed fight sequences and a stylish script , all rolled into one unbelievable experience .
Hero is a visual , emotional , and poetic masterpiece .
Strikes a mildly resonant chord .
The crisp photography makes the movie what it is . The camera catches the beauty and devastation of each scene with a sharpness that rivals the greatest works in cinema history
` Poética y sobrecogedora , es una obra de arte que nadie que ame el cine puede dejar de ver '
Héroe no sería todo lo interesante que es sino estuviera filmada de la manera como está filmada .
A silly and bloated fable that takes itself too seriously .
Chagall Martial Arts
Shot for shot , frame for frame , beat for beat , this could very well be one of the most gorgeous films ever made .
The simple fact of the matter is this : Hero is the best martial arts movie I have ever seen .
... while Hero is essentially a nonstop ninety-odd minutes of sword fighting , it is one of the most visually beautiful films ever made .
A fanciful martial arts extravaganza with too winking a nod to Hollywood westerns , Hong Kong actioners , music videos and the market economy invasion .
An inconsistently entertaining film , just a small notch above average .
It gives me chills just thinking about how amazing Hero is ... . I 've never felt uplifted by a movie about people fighting before .
Yimou 's work here is absorbing and fleet , and all the actors score ... but I would be more careful than most critics have been not to oversell it .
Portrays the myth behind the unification of China with a visually sumptuous palette and elemental grandeur .
Hero est une réussite complète qui fascine les yeux et l'esprit .
Hero is a picture of beauty and elegance , both of which are sorely lacking in most American filmmaking .
It has gorgeous photography and some terrific fight sequences , but the story fails to engage on an emotional level .
You 'll be hard pressed to find anything as visually dazzling as this in cinemas ever .
Mortal wounds are delivered and received like love letters . Even the plot is a piece of poetry , intensely formal and hopelessly sentimental
Hero is pretty . It 's bursting with color , masterfully crafted views and natural splendor .
Visually spectacular but slight on story .
What leaps off the screen in Hero are the astonishing cinematography , the superlative action sequences , and the vivid colors of a world uniting just as it busts apart .
Introspective , subtle performances work beautifully with the film 's graceful sense of movement and the fiercely relentless fighting styles .
Stunningly stylized period actioner in which the pen really is mightier than the sword .
This movie is a pompous excuse for special effects ... , a disappointing plunge into fantasy instead of an accurate telling of a vital part of Chinese history .
Stands well above Zhang 's lesser works while not ranking among his masterpieces , the redundancies of its plot redeemed by the spectacular poetry of its battles .
an epic visual poem that attempts to intertwine passion with national destiny
The film is exquisite . The costumes , the colour palate , the cinematography there is so much on the screen to just gape at in awe .
It was like watching paintings and poetry come to life ... intermixed with sword fights .
I would n't have missed this spectacle for the world , and neither should you -- despite an admitted quirk in my political sensibility in these contentious times that keeps me from admiring the film wholeheartedly .
An orgy of color and movement , Hero 's balletic but virtually bloodless violence harnesses the forces of nature in a thoroughly unique way .
The film 's exquisite beauty is nearly destroyed by the ugly totalitarian message buried underneath .
One of the two or three most exceptional , spectacular and beautiful martial arts movies ever made .
One of the most beautiful and involving films of the year .
Zhang Yimou 's `` Hero '' is another stirring example of how beautifully rendered films with subtitles stand a chance of hitting paydirt in the multiplexes .
Unfortunately , it 's overdone . Subtleties have been abandoned in much of the fight gymnastics ...
The elegant precision of the ravishing images gives each scene a timeless beauty .
A feast for the eyes .
Put simply : this is one of the most stunning experiences ever .
A masterful tale - a tapestry of extraordinary color .
Truly beautiful , but undeniably resigned to peace through tyranny .
Yimou explores themes of honor , loyalty , love and intrigue ... he 's not afraid to sweep aside expectations and create a complex , unconventional story .
... so stuffed with stunts , so bare on plot , you might as well call it Crouching Tiger , Hidden Story .
Hero dazzles with its visual storytelling
Hero is one of the most visually poetic movies I 've ever seen .
Even if you 've never been attracted to this kind of film before , you ca n't help but be impressed by Zhang 's visuals .
The criticism does n't affect one fact : No current release can rival the visual splendor and cinematic poetry of this historical epic .
... it offers magnificent visuals , exciting kung fu fighting and excellent performances ...
First and foremost , this is a film that exists for its sheer visual beauty -- and in that , it 's nothing short of breathtaking .
It 's impossible to over-praise this masterpiece from Chinese 's geinus Zhang Yimou .
The relentless beauty becomes numbing , and the plot just barely sustains interest .
... -LSB- not -RSB- precisely up to Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon 's style and completeness , but it does tell a compelling story in the most artistic means possible .
The movie is a marvel of coordinated special effects , martial artistry , costume design and set design .
Hero is a poetic masterpiece , a film filled with grace , nobility and action .
Beautiful , strange and utterly fascinating , it 's no wonder that `` Hero '' took Asian audiences by storm two years ago .
Director Zhang Yimou takes film art into a tapestry of kinetic movement and colour as monumental as 2001 : A Space Odyssey , Fantasia and Kurosawa 's Ran .
This is a fantastic film .
An idealized dream world where ancient warriors suck down massive amounts of helium before they fight and then do silly over-romanticized things like battle in their hearts .
Camerawork , colored costumes and choreography make this film a visual feast
What 's remarkable about the fight scenes is that they are presented in a largely nonlinear fashion , emphasizing the emotional weight of the choreography .
A gorgeous and sweeping epic delivered with exceptional style and mesmerizing imagery .
Visually HERO is stunning . The telling is operatic in style but becomes muddled . ... It certainly is a film that can be appreciated by wide audiences .
... an astonishingly graceful ballet performed with swords , arrows and fists .
The amazing film is loaded with swordplay , fantastical color and cinematography , and a battle of thousands like no other you have seen .
So deliriously chockablock with high-flying , color-coordinated fight scenes that non-aficionados may find it all a bit bewildering -- a gorgeous abstraction . It sure is gorgeous , though , and it has a dream cast .
A terrific piece of work .
The heavy drama that I did not find engaging is overcome by the wonderment of visuals -- all those deadly arrows flying lethally through the air , just thousands of them .
A colorful visual feast with some universal themes appealing to a wide audience .
Not even ` What Dreams May Come ' can match this pic for pure color .
Yimou 's films have always showcased some of China 's finest actors , but he has struck gold with this cast .
For those like me who lack the background to judge martial arts action , the stunning beauty of the film will be enough to captivate .
It 's not too much to say that Hero is one of the most ravishing spectacles the movies have given us .
that rarest of cinematic feats : a genre martial arts flick that also happens to be one of the most striking visual films I 've ever seen
On one level , Hero represents a return to wuxia convention ... yet there 's nothing even marginally conventional about its overpowering visual splendor .
Less about history per se than it is about its construction , its justifications , delusions , and deceptions .
A feast for the eyes and the heart .
One of the most beautiful films ever as far as imagery .
A beguiling blend of traditional martial arts epic and operatic Western a la Sergio Leone .
If martial arts movies have always seemed like musicals with full body contact , Zhang Yimou 's Hero is the closest the form has yet come to a full-blown Vincente Minnelli MGM extravaganza .
The writers seem more interested in their Rashomon-style tale than they are in the people telling it . Still , eye candy this ravishing should n't be sniffed at .
Bursting with luscious color and stunning visual effects .
Your eyes may widen even as you yawn .
A film of one memorable movie moment after another .
Ravishes the eye without quite touching the heart .
Hero soars on the tragic lyricism and poetic passion of Zhang 's vision and the heartfelt performances of his cast .
Though Yimou never achieves the romance of Ang Lee 's dabble in martial arts , he reaches new heights of spectacle with the combat .
A film that should entrance the eyes and move the soul of anyone capable of appreciating true filmmaking art .
Full of passionate performances , sizzling swordplay , bold and dazzling hues , and breathtaking landscapes .
If you found Crouching Tiger a stunning bore , you probably wo n't fall under Hero 's spell . But the rest of us , well , we 'll be more than happy to savor every moment of its strange , ravishing beauty .
A brain-teasing , eye-delighting , pulse-pumping marvel .
Zhang Yimou 's film Hero is a ravishing beauty , an elegant , sinewy creature blessed with such art and grace that the visual poetry of the piece literally leaves you breathless .
A stunning epic of China that serves up both a visual feast and fascinating narrative .
This film has some of the more astonishing scenes of individual combat in recent memory , even rivaling the superhero action sequences in Spider-Man 2 .
Hero is not a long movie , yet it is persuasively epic .
Breathtaking masterpiece .
An exemplary feat of filmmaking .
The action of Hero is rousing , its drama is heartbreaking , and its final message is inspiring .
Hero is a real kick -- to the head and the heart .
A picture of astonishing beauty .
Hero glorifies a warrior who thinks equally with his head and his heart , and asks us to consider the benefits of such a balance , how rare and wonderful it is .
More than 90 minutes of gushy joy , of old-time movie pleasures .
As brilliant and ephemeral as a fireworks display .
Although Hero may not engage the emotions as fully as the senses , it is nonetheless a film of such breathtaking artistry that you 're willing to forgive its narrative lapses and flagging pace .
Regarded as a cinematic hybrid of ballet , martial arts , acrobatics and painting , Hero is a triumph .
There are interesting questions about what constitutes true heroism in the aptly named Hero but it 's the aesthetic splendor and weird kineticism that you remember .
The film transforms fighting and killing into something artful , balletic and even color-coordinated , but is somewhat weighted down by a self-conscious patina of quality ...
... less a movie than a swirly palette , one on which the paints have intermingled to create a work of art all their own .
Drawn in simple strokes but evoking a sense of awe on par with anything seen this year .
The cinematography is more dynamic than the many fight sequences .
... rife with beautiful location scenery , incredible production design , intense cinematic beauty , and above all engagingly beautiful fight sequences .
Martial artistic . That 's the new term demanding to be coined for director Zhang Yimou 's astonishing period drama .
Its 96 minutes of tongue-torching , soul-scorching wonders may leave you able to utter only one word in delirious exclamation . Zhang !
Everything about this movie is larger than life . It 's a dramatic epic of love and honor , death and betrayal - all in the midst of a kick - *** action movie .
So self-consciously beautiful that it 's distracting , but it elevates the material nevertheless .
Demonstrates how the martial arts genre transcends action and violence and moves into poetry , ballet and philosophy .
One of the most sumptuously photographed movies you 'll ever see , every shot of Hero should be in a coffee-table book . Good thing , because the story sorta stinks .
Yimou plays his images like a visual symphony , and turns a potential costume pageant into an exhilarating national myth .
` Hero ' could have been a landmark film ; as is , it is nothing more than a lot of pretty pictures in the service of a storyline far too muddled for its own good
A knockout .
Hero is a beautifully crafted movie , but unfortunately it 's also carelessly revisionist .
Though the film begins as cheesily entertaining mytho-historical claptrap , it quickly becomes a uniquely compelling mystery that builds suspense in both the past and present .
You can feel the movie 's sensibility and its powerful emotions in every aching image , which leaves you so caught up in these ancient times , you 're loath to return to present - day normalcy .
A movie just good enough to keep nurturing rooting interest as you watch it .
Even if Hero did n't have a suspenseful story , its coffee - table-book loveliness would hold you rapt .
Every bit Crouching Tiger 's visual equal .
Hero is without question the year 's most beautiful film .
From beginning to end , Hero is a painting in motion , its fight scenes a ballet with blades .
Zhang and Jet Li are a match made in kung-fu heaven in Hero .
Roll over , Chairman Mao , and tell the comrades the news : in Hero , the history of the empire now comes wrapped in kaleidoscopic kung fu cool .
Hero is what Ang Lee 's Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon might have looked like if it had been directed by the late Japanese master Akira Kurosawa .
Led by director Zhang Yimou and dazzling cinematographer Christopher Doyle , the unseen Hero production team has made what just might be the most artistically sophisticated , most formally beautiful martial arts film the genre has seen .
It 's easy to become bewitched by sheer movie grandeur .
Filled with unforgettable scenes .
Brimming with the magic-realist action that made Ang Lee 's somewhat similar Couching Tiger , Hidden Dragon a hit .
An action movie for the ages .
A film of images , not emotions .
The images in ` Hero ' are often so magnetic you might find yourself forgetting to read the subtitles , but then this is definitely a movie that deserves a second viewing anyhow .
Zhang successfully subverts the adrenaline charge of combat to the thematic explorations of art , human emotions and history .
A ravishing , seductively alien fantasy .
Hero reminds us all why filmmaking is called an art .
As if a good story , well acted and directed , is not enough , Yimou takes it a dimension further with the spectacular behind-the-camera work
In spite of people who want to view it as an example of a martial arts movie with depth , it 's actually best appreciated on the surface .
... une expérience cinématographique complète , qui remplit autant les yeux , la tête et le cur .
... one of the most beautiful , enrapturing movies ever made ... -LSB- despite -RSB- a distasteful ideological stance .
Cries out for an easy one-word review of ` Wow ! '
The truly jaw-dropping thing about Hero is how it instantaneously turns from ` Crouching Tiger II ' to ` Honey I Shot the Dissidents . '
Few other movies this year will match this one 's ravishing visuals .
The action is wittily aestheticized , with swordplay variously compared to music , calligraphy , and theater .
Voluptuous and amazing , this is n't a martial arts film -- it 's the apotheosis of the martial arts film . And it 's a stirring national epic , too .
A balance of colorful visual and aural poetry , elegant plot structure , and battles marked by a swift graphic intensity and epic scope .
Hero 's overly complex story line and emotionally remote characters may disappoint those art-house audiences who fell for Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon .
This is an amazingly stylish and vivid motion picture , where images move the story forward more forcefully than the traditional methods of exposition , dialogue , and character development . If there 's a drawback , it 's that the plot is trite .
One of the most beautiful works of cinema to be presented in American theatres in this lifetime ... It is a perfect film .
Looking for a gorgeously choreographed , stunningly unbelievable and downright amazing kung-fu film ?
Maybe the most beautifully-photographed movie I 've ever seen .
Beautiful !
If you miss Hero , you 're missing a peak of cinematic spectacle -- on par with 2001 : A Space Odyssey , Apocalypse Now , and The Lord of the Rings .
An epic , evocative of another epoch and of landscapes beyond time .
Truly an innovative work of art .
Ang Lee , you got served !
Una hermosa flor fílmica cargada de poesía , cortada con delicadeza con una espada milenaria a una rapidez vertiginosa , y que libera su aroma épico entre flechas y tinta .
Using China 's natural beauty as a palette , Hero boasts a dazzling array of vibrant colors and action sequences that are as graceful as they are lightning-fast
For a lot of people , there 's nothing better
The film is a stunning achievement . Nearly every shot is beautiful , impossible , or both .
stretching the envelope for imagery we 've never seen on the big screen before
Hero 's thrilling mixture of the audacious and the exquisite offers the viewer a myriad of treats .
Spectacle , in dazzling display , in what 's on the menu . The special effects are -- and this statement is not made lightly -- some of the best ever committed to celluloid .
This is definitely a film worth seeing on a big screen with great sound . While it is a technical marvel , it does have deficiencies that will wear heavily on those raised in the west .
Hero is elliptical , radically disjointed and female-empowering . Everything a wu xia should be ... and then some .
Displays a rare level of artistry , thematic depth and emotional resonance .
A dazzlingly lensed , highly stylized meditation on heroism and the point at which individualism conflicts with the common good .
It 's every bit as dazzling and spectacular as Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon .
Instead of reinventing this genre , Zhang opts to dazzle his audience with his assemblage of technical and aesthetic wonders .
Zhang Yimou may have dipped his cinematic pen in mere genre , but in doing so , he has inscribed a masterpiece .



@highlight

With death-defying action sequences and epic historic sweep , Hero offers everything a martial arts fan could ask for .