Coogan may be game and there are plenty of nods to assorted sexploits , but this riffing on his caddish public image was done a lot more amusingly and a lot less smugly in a 10-minute skit in Jim Jarmusch 's Coffee and Cigarettes .
Films where you suddenly hear yourself laughing , where you leave the theatre a little weakened by the violence of your own hilarity , are extremely rare .
Stands alongside -- if not above -- Adaptation as one of the best films about the process .
A typically rambling , freewheeling effort from Michael Winterbottom ...
Director Michael Winterbottom may not have proved that you can film this unfilmable book , but he definitely proved he can film a funny movie about trying to film it .
Coogan and Brydon make a beautiful squabbling couple
Equal parts literature and lunacy .
For those who can appreciate the movie 's ironic , self-referential nature , this is a thoroughly engaging , near-brilliant comedy .
If you go into this movie expecting a traditional narrative tale , you may get discouraged . You have to throw away your expectations and sit back and wait to see what happens ... if anything .
If you ever enjoyed an English comedy show on the telly and you 're ready for a laugh , you 're going to love this . Do n't worry if you have n't the faintest idea what it 's about . No one else does either .
A successful mix of literary adaptation , meta-fictional discourse and inside-showbiz comedy . Both funny and clever .
-LSB- O -RSB- ne of the cleverest deconstructions and modernizations of a work of classic literature cinema has ever achieved ...
... Preposterously funny , perpetually inventive , implausibly successful ...
Adventurous , ambitious and downright quirky , this will appeal to those who revel in more than a little bite in their humour .
un film dont on se délecte autant pour la redoutable intelligence de son récit et le côté fêlé de sa structure narrative que pour son humour aussi mordant que désopilant
The film is complex and droll -- always amusing and often hilarious .
Tristram Shandy : A Cock & Bull Story is a hall of mirrors that does n't tease the brain -LRB- it 's easier to watch than to read about -RRB- so much as goose it into submission .
... we see around and behind and underneath the stage , so to speak -- peering into the intertwined lives of the people who are caught up in the maelstrom of an untenable subject for film adaptation .
A film about a film based on a novel about writing a novel
What Winterbottom has done beautifully is distill Sterne 's comic experimentation with the rules and shape of the written narrative and translate it into a lark on filmmaking form and technique .
By all accounts , Sterne 's novel is nutty and ribald and utterly defiant of conventional storytelling techniques ... hence this adaptation 's wonderfully meta take .
Solidifies what Project Greenlight taught us ; the process that goes into making a movie often ends up being far more entertaining than the finished project .
Amusing and often outright hilarious .
Rest assured , you do n't have to know a thing about the Shandy novel -- let alone having read it -- to have a lot of fun with this Cock and Bull Story .
Despite its source in Sterne , Winterbottom 's whimsy bulls it way past modernism and right into postmodern thievery , especially in its slavish quoting of Fellini 's 8 1/2 .
The film 's playful , subversive and selectively self-referential sensibility is equal parts blarney and bluster , and has the endearing quality of a tall tale told tongue in cheek .
Yet here it is , the first -- dare we use the term that 's all but been stripped of meaning by journalistic hacks -- masterpiece of 2006 .
Never picked up any steam to run with its **** and bull story .
-LSB- Michael Winterbottom 's -RSB- goofy , messy version of Tristram Shandy puts the Fellini back in ` Fellini-esque . '
A wildly imaginative foray into spirited comic anarchy .
A Cock and Bull Story is a grand giggle of a film , well worth your time and money and a game well played for the audience .
A hilariously clever picture about the making of a movie that no one will have the slightest interest in . For an experiment about an experiment , it 's entirely too much fun .
This British import is a good-natured comedy featuring several laugh-out-loud sequences .
Coogan is adept at playing himself as a total jerk ... and his performance here is scathingly funny .
-LRB- Tongue-in -RRB- cheeky and rambling , much like the voluminous tome that inspired it .
The playful British Tristram Shandy : A Cock & Bull Story is a comedy for anyone fascinated by the movies .
It 's official : Michael Winterbottom makes the best cinematic whatchamacallits around .
A film that will be enormously appealing to fans of British costume dramas , fans of movies about the making of movies and devotees of the likes of Peter Greenaway and Charlie Kaufman .
Probably the best-known but-I-digress novel in English literature , The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy , Gentleman , has inspired Tristram Shandy : A Cock and Bull Story , surely the best but-I-digress movie this side of Adaptation .
Tristram Shandy : A Cock and Bull Story brims with humor , from a Monty Python-type take on British colonialism to a winking send-up of the film 's star , Steve Coogan .
A highly amusing combination period film and mockumentary .
Tristram Shandy : A Cock and Bull Story is an eccentric hoot of a film , a delight for lovers of nattering British comedy . Or the business of moviemaking . Or just deadpan , postmodern silliness .
Droll literary humor , genital violence played for laughs , references to German New Wave cinema and Al Pacino impersonations are among the elements that make this one of the year 's most beguiling and entertaining surprises .
This stuff is strictly Ben Stiller material , but genuine sparks fly when Coogan and Brydon spar together onscreen .
`` Tristram Shandy '' is quite limited to an acquired audience that has the patience and perhaps literary knowledge to appreciate the outcome .
Even if you do n't get all the inside jokes , and the jokes that go inside the inside jokes , I still think you 'll find this film to be very , very funny .
Blimey , mate , I love British humor as much as the next bloke , but I must admit , I did not find this film the least bit funny .
Any similarity to that quirky , hilarious , raunchy and imaginative Albert Finney vehicle from 1963 -LRB- ` Tom Jones ' -RRB- is purely in the mind of the filmmakers .
A self-referential , keenly absurd comedy with several layers of humor .
Bawdy behind-the-scenes comedy that neatly straddles antiquated fantasy and contemporary reality .
For all its post-postmodern use of intersecting narratives , Tristram Shandy : A **** and Bull Story works and , in certain spots , works brilliantly .
This material is the most remote from the letter of Sterne 's novel , but in its spirit of verbal play , digression and free-wheeling wit , it pays affectionate tribute to his bawdy jokester spirit .
Sometimes it 's the most unfilmable novels that make the best movies .
A sly , delirious homage to the writers , producers , techies and thespians who assemble with the common mission of telling a tale , and then , many months and meltdowns later , move on to the next project -- and paycheck .
Tristram Shandy : A Cock and Bull Story is the most complex movie about adaptations since , well , Adaptation .
For all the convolutions of the form of the film , it 's actually a gentle comedy with laughs for both the brain and the funny bone .
Winterbottom has given plugged-in moviegoers a visceral , mind-bending meta experience , and some good laughs .
The giddy self-satisfaction of Tristram Shandy grows tiresome .
It feels made up on the spot , in the mockumentary style Winterbottom and Coogan deployed in their Manchester music-scene goof , 24 Hour Party People . But that film was n't half as much fun as this one .
Beneath the fun lurks a dry and weary sigh at life 's refusal to match the tidiness of art .
If only literary theory could always be this fun .
More movie-biz spoof than postmodern adaptation of the novel , but Winterbottom 's film miraculously succeeds in doing both goals a degree of justice .
Like The French Lieutenant 's Woman , it 's as much commentary as adaptation , but with a more playful approach and an understated , typically British sense of humor .
It 's pretty funny . You do n't actually watch it so much as indulge it and admire its cleverness .
It wonderfully evokes the life on a movie set , which for a few weeks or months creates its own closed society .
What a treat ! ... By the end , you have so grown to love the characters that you 're quite sorry to have to bid them adieu .
A bold and imaginative piece of filmmaking that also happens to be delightfully droll ... a grand , goofy entertainment in the true Sterne mold .
... I do n't think there will be a funnier , smarter and wiser comedy released this year .
Even if you never get up to speed on half of what this movie tosses about , the half you do get should keep you laughing all the way to the library .
`` Tristram Shandy : A **** and Bull Story '' is an amusing toss off that is full of tongue-in-cheek British humor for the film buffs .
... -LSB- very funny , and -RSB- on occasion , mysteriously , genuinely moving .
A film as inspired as its source .
For a movie about movies , it 's surprisingly humanistic , cheerful and true to life .
Underneath the movie 's tricky hall-of-mirrors surface lies a warm , delicate and , yes , distinctly Shandy-esque portrait of the struggle of creation .
You would think -LSB- the -RSB- book would be unfilmable , and you 'd be right . But that did n't stop -LSB- director -RSB- Michael Winterbottom from taking it on .
One trouble with the current vogue for meta-cinema is that its practioners , such as Winterbottom and Charlie Kaufman , underestimate the extraordinary difficulty of telling a good story straight .
Order , movement , sense : all become arbitrary , means by which the teller conveys and creates meaning .
This try to film what 's been called an unfilmable book reminds me of the old ditty : They all said it could n't be done ; They all said he could n't do it ; So he tackled the job that could n't be done ; And , by George , he could n't do it .
Trying to enumerate everything that 's good about this movie could prove as labyrinthine a task as Tristram 's storytelling itself .
Blithe , brisk , and bouncy
Given the strength of the talent and material here , it 's still a workable compromise for fans -- and a confusion Tristram himself would understand .
It is a sign of the film 's success that extraneous moments are essential to a film that is , essentially , nuts .
With a subject seemingly so amenable to heartless derision , the film is remarkable for its warmth and generosity and conviviality .
As someone who can always be counted on to play a dark , squirmingly funny strain of arrogance and self-delusion , Steve Coogan is like a British Larry David .
The movie 's delights unfold like an intricate , exotic puzzle : Winterbottom has built a detailed , miniature universe inside a sugar egg .
Hugely entertaining .
The whole thing is very fun and gives one a delicious sense of eavesdropping .
A proudly esoteric piece of comedy jazz .
It 's a riot .
Turns into a lampoon of the filmmaking process , which has its share of highly funny moments but otherwise feels like territory well-tread .
Tristram Shandy is going to be a cult classic .
Not a movie version of the book but rather a movie about a movie about the book .
While one does n't necessarily have to have read the novel , it helps to have an idea of its concept . But I can not imagine getting into this film with no foreknowledge of both the novel and Steve Coogan .
The tone is lighthearted and the performances are effective but , in the end , the feature is so inconsequential as to leave no lasting impression .
Somehow , despite the odds , it all makes a rich , heady and satisfying stew , capable of making you responsive and alive to all the precious minutiae of your own life .
It 's all a bit precious and preening , but Coogan is marvelous , almost as good as he was in Winterbottom 's 24 Hour Party People .
Ingenious and genuinely funny ... breaks down the fourth wall , and then proceeds to knock down the other thre
It sounds confusing , but it 's really inventive and bizarre and marvelously entertaining .
... the first great , mind-tickling treat of the new movie year .
Made literal , many of Sterne 's japes cease to be funny , but the viewer is carried along by the backstage plot .
... one of the funniest British movies in years .
Michael Winterbottom may just be one of the greatest directors working today and , to boot , he 's one of the few pure talents that remain unsullied by external pressures .
Cheeky and flippant .
Give this anarchic British comedy a shot and you 'll be laughing from start to finish .
Instead of hoping to fool us that we 're watching life itself , they constantly remind us that telling a story is a fragile , silly , impossible process , and an essential delight .
A thin slice of a not-very-interesting nothing ... The book they said was unfilmable turns out to be a film that is unwatchable .
Michael Winterbottom 's prankish literary adaptation Tristram Shandy : A **** And Bull Story has about a dozen layers of in-joke , and up to the eighth or ninth layer , they mostly work .
A sharp , playful feature .
Not so much a mindf *** as a mindlovemaking .
A vehicle that somehow manages to provide period and modern amusement with some wit and tribulation . But it also looks like a make-work project for available British thesps .
The cast -LRB- composed almost entirely of familiar TV faces -RRB- are simply terrific and are clearly having a huge amount of fun , although Coogan deserves special praise for sending up his own image so fearlessly .
Tristram Shandy is that best of all worlds : a continual surprise from one scene to the next .
Winterbottom 's conceit may not quite pay off but his risk-taking is exhilarating .
A delirious orgy of self-reflexive ridiculousness .
Diabolically clever and nothing short of hilarious ... Think Being John Malkovich meets Adaptation as a period piece , and you 're nearly there .
It 's a wonderful extension of Sterne 's spirited , frolicsome technique .
The conceit of this Tristram Shandy is that it knows it 's a movie , much as Sterne 's book knew it was a novel .
A rollicking comedy about a famous novel , movie-making , and the wild chaos of life that frustrates the sober-minded while generating gales of laughter in playful individuals
layered absurdist humor abounds within its wonderfully loose format
A completely mad film within a film , setting narrative aside for a free-wheeling examination of identity
It is completely nonsensical , not to mention frequently hilarious .
While its anarchic spirit is closest to helmer 's 24 Hour Party People , pic 's film-within-a-film structure makes it yet another genre ticked off for the protean Englishman .
Really funny stuff , especially if you 're into British humor , or appreciate lots of inside jokes about the filmmaking process .





@highlight

Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon add madcap , knowing performances to the mix , and the result is a fun , postmodern romp .