The movie is clear-eyed and fearless in its recounting of the horrors of civil war , if also somewhat unsettling in demonstrating the power of documentary to desensitize viewers to even the most appalling atrocities .
A glorious tribute to a bi-partisan sisterhood of Christian and Muslim women fed up with having to raise their children amidst the incessant slaughter , raping and looting of the Liberian civil war .
Although filling the watcher with the same sort of outrage that inspired the women to stand up and be counted , this is , at heart , a testimony to the power of solidarity and sisterhood through a single purpose .
-LSB- A -RSB- moving documentary about the tumultuous recent history of Liberia made by an all-female crew led by director Gini Reticker .
It 's an outstanding story , which makes up for Pray 's moviemaking deficiencies .
An object lesson in interfaith cooperation and an instructional manual for people committed to making systemic political change through nonviolent means .
The film is brief and not especially creative in its storytelling , but nonetheless unforgettable ; this remarkable story deserved to be captured on film .
Limitations aside , it 's highly stirring stuff .
This illuminating film by director Gini Reticker and producer Abigail Disney is a much-needed attempt to put the spotlight on a moment of history that still inspires .
A modest but effective work of documentary uplift .
Pray the Devil Back to Hell is at once inspiring and horrific .
Pray the Devil uses its brief 72 minutes to tell one of the truly heartening international political stories of recent years .
The story of the women 's groups -- Christian and Muslim , uniting for the first time in the nation 's history -- is unbelievably inspiring .
The film shows that the women 's peace movement , propelled by ordinary citizens , changed what was possible in Liberia .
Some political documentaries suffer from overselling the urgency of their agenda , but director Gini Reticker 's Pray the Devil Back to Hell nicely underplays the significance of its subject .
Inevitably , Reticker 's style falls into monotony that works against the material . Ultimately , though , the power of that material overcomes flaws in presentation .
Relates a powerful story with intelligence , concision and a minimum of distracting stylistic flourishes .
Offers an inspiring portrait of conscientious citizens working to make a change . Yes they can , indeed .
An economically told , extremely powerful story .
Pray The Devil Back To Hell is overly conventional as a documentary , but it 's inspiring as a rebuttal to the declining state of the world at large .
Winner of the Best Documentary award at this year 's Tribeca Film Festival .
the power of the material overcomes flaws in presentation
If this were a fictional Hollywood movie , it would be criticized for being too upbeat . But sometimes truth is not only stranger than fiction , it 's also a whole lot better .
Gini Reticker 's embracing documentary Pray the Devil Back to Hell shows how Taylor got his comeuppance from a coalition of tenacious Christian and Muslim women armed only with matching T-shirts .
Uplifting , disheartening , inspiring , enraging -- the mind reels while watching the documentary Pray the Devil Back to Hell .
The special effectiveness of women is the theme of director Gini Reticker 's film , but there is a remarkable lack of moralizing and grandstanding here .
A simple and inspiring story told through the medium of film . But for what it is , it definitely gets the job done .
Without their guns , the men prove surprisingly helpless . And when a -LSB- mediator -RSB- tells them that if they want the women to stop treating them like children , they must behave responsibly , you sense a corner has been turned .
Inspiring story , through vivid memories and supporting footage , of how one of Africa 's worst and longest civil wars was ended by determined women working together
A well-made documentary about the decades-long civil war that has killed 250,000 and displaced 1 million in the West African nation of Liberia and the 2003 protest that brought it to an end , the film is yet another wake-up call to the world .
The greatest respect Gini Reticker 's Pray the Devil Back to Hell pays to its war-battered Liberian subjects is simply an unwillingness to embellish .
Gini Reticker 's simply made , affecting documentary Pray the Devil Back to Hell reveals how these heroic ordinary women prodded the factions to peace and literally brought down Taylor , a leader of sociopathic cruelty .
Even though the film is inescapably fragmented and catch-as-catch-can as cinema , its heart is pure and infinitely compassionate .
Pray the Devil remembers the golden rule of moviemaking -- rather than tell , it shows , and what it shows is quietly affecting .
The stirring and hopeful account of Liberian women who as creative and nonviolent activists brought peace to their country in 2003 .
Compelling docu chronicles the actions of the coalition of Christian and Muslim women who prevailed over warlords and warriors to halt the decades-long fighting that claimed their fathers , brothers , husbands and children .

@highlight

This political documentary about protests during the Liberian Civil War is an uplifting celebration of the capacity of everyday people to affect great change .