With a plot that borders on the absurd and a happy ending , Mad Money is a film that does not necessarily need to be seen on the giant screen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A madcap heist movie with a delectable cast who realise that while money ca n't buy happiness , it sure as hell can buy everything else .
Keaton , Latifah and Holmes have appealing chemistry , although it 's not enough to sustain a too-long 104 minute running time .
If you 're thinking that there 's not much point in rooting for these ballsy babes all the way because in the end crime does n't pay , think again , sorta . Because even after they 're caught , the fun is really just beginning .
Provided you can get past its improbable premise , this madcap crime caper 's trio of talented leading ladies manage to provide enough moments of mirth to make the rest of this raucous romp worthwhile .
-LSB- T -RSB- he gap between -LSB- Thelma & Louise -RSB- and Mad Money resembles the abyss that Susan Sarandon and Geena Davis drove into in Khouri 's earlier hit .
Khouri parece ter deixado no passado qualquer interesse em criar personagens tridimensionais ou minimamente interessantes .
Comedy is difficult , but it seems like Mad Money did n't even try . It 's very hard to find the jokes .
Keaton and Latifah lend enough intelligence , wit , and charm to their characters that Mad Money often feels like an ovarian Ocean 's Eleven .
` Mad Money ' really is n't worth yours .
den einai toso kaki oso tha se boleye gia na glitoseis ti moyrmoyra an brethei omofyli ton protagonistrion na se faei na to deite -LRB- prosferetai gia ypohoriseis diladi -RRB-
A few badly conceived scenes and misused actors can not completely negate the positive message of this situation comedy . Diane Keaton deserves better , but lives to laugh another day .
Just when I thought there was no way a movie like this could possibly show me anything new , Money goes and makes Ivan Boesky out of Annie Hall , paints redemption green , and paves the road to heaven with gold . Color me surprised .
`` Ocean 's Eleven '' if it were geared to the drones at the Oprah Winfrey book club ...
The latest vibrato performance of Diane Keaton 's late career shame has her playing once-wealthy housewife Bridget Cardigan , whose twee name and dithering hysteria are equally insufferable .
While being a serviceable , somewhat female-empowering bank-heist comedy , Mad Money does n't do much else to distinguish itself .
-LSB- W -RSB- orks ... as bright , cheery , satisfying fantasy , if a mere trifle of a passing fancy . And it works , too , as a celebration of female do n't - ignore-us indignation ...
There 's an old saying : ` I wrote you a long letter because I did n't have time to write a short one . ' In the case of Mad Money , I 'll write a short review because the movie wo n't sustain a long one . -LRB- It barely sustains itself . -RRB-
Pretty much a painless exercise in mediocrity -- nothing more .
Save your money so you do n't get mad that you spent it on this .
It 's better than I expected it to be .
Mad Money > proves both fresh and funny and , in an odd way , uplifting in its moral ambiguity .
It 's one of the most general movies I 've seen in a while : generally entertaining , generally watchable , generally unremarkable .
-LSB- A -RSB- pointless payday for director Khourie 's banal blank check comedy ... a straining pseudo-hysterical heist flick that has all the giddy appeal of an empty bank draft .
Queen Latifah seems to be going through the whole movie with the attitude of ` Yeah , I know % u2026 '
Neither clever nor engaging enough to work as a celebration of either larcenous cunning or womanly feistiness .
Mad Money is n't intense , action-oriented nor will it win any Oscars . Still , in times when the economy and politics weight heavy on our minds , it 's a great hour-and-a-half escape .
It 's mediocre , but it 's not obnoxiously so . I had an okay time . But I had also had five beers .
This movie is designed to be fun , and its intentions are signaled to us over and over again , as when the women jump around on a bed , giggling and flinging old , dirty money around in a wanton display of pure idiocy .
Speaking of recycling , this script by Glenn Gers reeks of it and not in a healthy , eco-minded way .
Moviegoers will come up empty .
It 's not that much fun .
Whenever there 's stunt-movie casting with divergent generations of Hollywood `` stars , '' there 's bound to be trouble at the multiplex .
Whatever critique of desire and greed the original script intended is lost amid all the bland good times .
Mad Money is small change that somehow manages to add up to a satisfying sum .
It 's not bad , but it 's not particularly good , either .
This is an odd , disposable movie ; it melts away as you leave the theater , leaving nothing but vague dissatisfaction behind .
It 's just OK , one of those decent little movies that get released in January .
What 's not to believe ? A lot . But asking for bolted logic and dramatic structure in such a movie is about like asking former Fed chief Alan Greenspan to open a mosh pit in Miami . Anyway , the money in the bank here is Keaton .
Much of the film is predictable . But to its credit , it does n't present the men in the women 's lives as the usual losers who drive them to crime .
What 's intended as empathy feels more like condescension , built around Hollywood 's out-of-touch belief that anything below Land Rover is the poverty line .
It 's just a lot more sane and tame than its ` mad ' title would have you believe .
Actually , one cast member does n't even bother to phone it in : The once-charming Katie Holmes is stunningly horrible as a granola-head diabetic who lives in a trailer .
Holmes , with Alice Cooper hair and crazy Jim Carrey eyes , looks terrible and acts worse , unless this movie is unintentionally a lobotomy documentary . Whatever could have happened to her in the last couple of years to zap the talent out of her like this ?
When someone takes our money without offering much in return , do n't we have every right to get mad ?
If you 're going to make a heist picture , then at least have the decency to make the heist itself interesting .
Diane Keaton almost saves the day -LRB- and Queen Latifah helps a little -RRB- , but Mad Money simply is n't funny , and there 's no compensation for that .
-LSB- It -RSB- may not be awful enough to merit shredding but which evaporates from memory the minute the lights come up .
Mad Money is ultimately more frustrating than infuriating . Call it Maddening Money .
This leap might be a bit easier to take if the robbers involved were n't all straight from the female stereotype handbook . And if any of their male companions were given an ounce of credibility .
Leaves one pondering the ways audiences abet amorality tales .
The best thing you can say about Mad Money is that it has a good cast . The worst thing you can say about it is that the cast is extremely ill-used .
Everyone in the cast treads water , acting-wise -- there 's nothing else to do -- except for Latifah , who brings passion to her work .
he stars phone in their expected personas -LRB- Keaton testy , Latifah earthy -RRB- , except for Holmes , who 's unconvincing as a gum-chewing trailer babe .
This movie scared me . What is it saying about us ? This is basically a bunch of rich people celebrating pathological greed . There 's nothing satirical about the film .
The pleasures of this slight caper film are strictly small-screen , as three talented actresses walk through quaint roles before they hurry on to the next project .
This movie is awkwardly structured .
This is a fluff film you rent on a rainy day when you want some cute , mindless entertainment . If that 's all you 're looking for , this is right on the money .
There is little suspense , no true danger ; their plan is simple , the complications are few , and they do n't get excited much beyond some high-fives and hugs and giggles .
The pocketing of tired bills headed for the shredder , the producing of tired movies headed for the theatre -- it 's all just recycling .
A likable and completely dispensable heist film .
-LSB- It -RSB- is n't a horrible film . It 's merely adequate , sort of like a box of generic tissues .
Think of Mad Money as Ocean 's Eleven with more estrogen , less glittery metropolis appeal , and Queen Latifah . It 's not a waste of time . It just feels like it .
That the movie ca n't decide if it wants them to get away with it is even more irritating , but that 's probably because I did n't care either way .
There is no style to it , no wit to any of the criminal proceedings , and while a joke here or there connects the majority fall so flat they might as well be made out of tissue paper .
Does n't find the rhythm of a caper movie . The most detail we get is how the women want to sneak the cash out in their underpants
... an inoffensive , sporadically entertaining , yet ultimately underwhelming effort ...
What force on earth is strong enough to unite an upper middle class suburban housewife , a poor African American single mother and a young , spaced out rock n ' roll fan living in a trailer ? Why , the opportunity to steal from the government , of course .
... if it were this easy to rob the Fed , the dollar would n't be worth the paper -LSB- Glenn -RSB- Gers ' script is printed on .
the cast , uniformly good , smoothes over most of the wrinkles
There is nothing remotely funny or interesting about Mad Money , the type of flick that coasts on such hoary cliches as people rolling around in cash and throwing it up in the air at every opportunity .
Enough of it works that you leave it with a sense that it was weak , but not a complete waste of time .
Mad Money is a heist comedy that does n't rip off the audience .
Mad Money strains desperately for laughs .
Glenn Gers ' script is peppered with a few funny lines but never takes full advantage of the premise 's comedic potential .
The big problem with Mad Money is not that the situation is implausible -- this is a caper ; it 's supposed to be over the top -- it 's that it does n't do the work necessary to con us into believing it .
Girls-gone-greedy comedy best for moms ' night out .
Better than Because I Said So , simply by virtue of the fact that I was n't tempted to cram a gun muzzle into my mouth this time around .
This is another American remake of a European original that loses something in translation , in a story that never offers any real sense of tension or doubt about how it 'll all end up .
Adds up to more of a whimper than a bang -- a thinly drawn female-empowerment lark without the spine to be as ruthless as it wants to be and without the smarts to be half as memorable as it should .
The scheme works for a while . Sadly , the movie never does . As a heist film , it relies on the trio of felonious females besting a system that seems laughably easy to outwit .
Belongs in the shredder , delivering no comic bounciness , law-breaking glee or the tempting scent of freshly minted cash . Which is n't to say the movie does n't give off an odor .
Mad Money is a comedy caper where the caper 's not interesting and the comedy 's not funny . Take away those elements and all that 's left is a tepid female buddy movie and , like its male counterparts , we 've had enough of those to choke a critic .
Mad Money , a sisters-in-greed heist comedy that 's like Fun With Dick and Jane crossed with Set It Off , may be a formula flick , but as directed by Callie Khouri , it gives you a good , infectious dose of its heroines ' money fe
Mad Money is no Rififi , but Khouri and Gers invest it with an individuality and generosity of spirit that lift it into the realm of guiltless pleasure .
It 's all in service to a workaday script that leads to a cop-out of an ending that makes the whole thing seem even more generic than it should .
How about a little creativity , like maybe wadding up and flushing the bills down the toilet , to be picked up later in the sewer ? The movie makes robbing the Fed look about as tough as finding an episode of Full House on TV .
Mad Money is n't completely rotten , but it 's sour enough to leave an unpleasant aftertaste .
There is such a thing as overcasting .
Lethargic heist comedy about three fairly unlikeable women who rob the Federal Reserve Bank and really , really deserve to get caught .
A mild comedy that penetrates its see-through cellophane wrap with a few good laughs and many performances that are even better .
It does n't care about being any better , content instead to simply be a way to spend a couple of hours .
Somewhat surprising that it 's not nearly as awful as it could have been , but tragic to watch Diane Keaton 's career continue its path into embarrassing roles that undermine her acting talent .
While it 's all so breezy and zippy and girl-power peppy , it 's Keaton who makes Mad Money worth a few bucks .
Mad Money opens with the sight of an enormous pile of hundred dollar bills , and that 's roughly what it would take to make me once again sit through this dim-witted caper .
Though Mad Money is n't despicable like Because I Said So , it 's not recognizably human either .
Could Mad Money kill Katie Holmes career ? Only Queen Latifah walks off unscathed .
Money is really important in this world , apparently .
This strained heist comedy about three cash-strapped femmes is watchable enough for a few reels , but lacks the requisite wit and amoral energy to capitalize on its get-rich-quick premise .
-LSB- An -RSB- improbable and generally unfunny comedy .






@highlight

A laborious , unfunny and implausible heist film .