There 's something to offend everyone in Identity Thief : racist jokes , gay jokes , the word `` vagina '' wielded as an insult .
Identity Thief is supposed be a fun time , but robs you of it the whole 111 minutes you 're sitting there watching it .
Do n't see it .
Identity Thief exhausts you with slapstick .
Though occasionally funny and filled with amusing bit-performances Identity Thief 's deeply unlikable co-protagonist stops this would-be buddy comedy in its tracks .
Up until he becomes somewhat manly , Bateman 's character 's supreme ineptness is less funny than nerve-wracking . There 's way more grossness than hilarity . Do n't get conned .
Director Seth Gordon 's best film since his brilliant debut , `` The King Of Kong : A Fistful Of Quarters . ''
... suffers from an often unwatchable first half that admittedly does give way to a passable final stretch ...
... utterly confused over what to do with McCarthy as a physical comedienne .
It 's like Midnight Run while at the same time completely missing what makes Midnight Run work . Melissa McCarthy deserves better .
You do n't care enough about these people to want to see them come out on top .
Bateman and McCarthy thrash around in the dark for laughs that never come .
This ugly and rather mean-spirited film , with jokes that are so lowbrow they 're totally underfoot , creaks through a number of recycled road trip gags .
The gags mostly grab at low-hanging fruit , frittering away the marvelous potential of Jason Bateman and Melissa McCarthy on an odd-couple road trip .
The natural charisma of the two leads is about the only thing that saves Identity Thief ; it 's a very generic , very lazy Hollywood comedy .
Very little about Identity Thief is original . After a brief introduction that leads to Sandy and Diana travelling across the country together , viewers are saddled with a story that 's essentially a road movie with an Odd Couple twist .
Bateman and McCarthy seem inspired enough to make this janky old jalopy of a story somewhat entertaining , playing to type with a lukewarm script .
Sure , the two leads deserve better material , but there are enough laughs here to make up for a lot of creative mistakes-casting is n't one of them .
... a yawner plot set-up that leads to lots of wannabe off-colour gags , a small army of pursuing villains and an expected final act in which Jason 's icky-sticky niceness might perhaps stop McCarthy from being a shrieking psychopath .
Formulaic multiplex mulch , way over-long , often feels strained ... That said , Identity Thief is the latest example of the disconnect that often exists between critical opinion and popular appeal . Slammed by critics the low-budget film has been a huge hit .
Identity Thief molests the idea of the ` odd couple ' beyond recognition .
Do n't let Identity Thief steal two hours of your life .
The film 's darker elements are brushed aside and we 're left with a zany , feel-good finale .
an unwieldy and unfunny farce that 's robbed of comic potential through its reliance on shrill mayhem over wit .
When the plot feels like you 've seen it three times before , and done better on each of those occasions , the movie better have something else going for it . Identity Thief does n't .
The first thing I did after returning from the screening was take two painkillers for my throbbing headache . A man can only withstand so much shrill shrieking and faux-screwball antics .
There 's probably a funny film buried somewhere deep within this concept of a morally corrupt protagonist , whose compulsion to steal identities finds her facing off with the man whose identity she has stolen , but this is n't it
Identity Thief features the kind of ` humour ' which says you do n't just hit a person once , you should do it repeatedly to make it funnier .
The film is painfully unfunny , almost literally so .
There 's real potential in this premise for a ripping screwball comedy anchored by two likeable actors , but the filmmakers simply do n't trust the material , stirring in constant elements of action mayhem that do n't work at all .
Feeble as comedy , the movie is needlessly violent , too , as if half the crew misguidedly thought they were making a foul-mouthed action thriller .
The real crime here is the waste of comic talent .
All pretty feeble stuff .
Without the irrepressible force of comic mayhem that is Melissa McCarthy , road-movie comedy Identity Thief would end up in the ditch . Luckily , the Bridesmaids co-star barrels her way through the plot 's stickiest patches .
Identity Thief starts off moronic and then goes downhill .
It is reliant on McCarthy 's comedy chops and her ability to deliver improv-type character material , but almost every single one of her scenes looks like an outtake .
Bateman and McCarthy are so fabulous in the overall , apart from this crap , and they , as actors and human beings , do not warrant the treatment they get here .
Cheap laughs , cheap stunts , cheap characters and with absolutely nothing important to say .
Identity Thief is low on laughs and has a number of plot problems but the comic performances from Bateman and McCarthy ensure that it stays watchable .
-LSB- A -RSB- laugh-free affair despite the presence of the ever-reliable Jason Bateman and a supporting cast including Jon Favreau .
The hit rate is n't as high as you 'd hope , gag-wise , but Melissa McCarthy and Jason Bateman remain highly likeable screen presences , even when behaving in unlikeable and unlikely ways .
There 's barely a laugh to be found in this new comedy from Horrible Bosses director Seth Gordon .
It saddles Bateman with a thankless uptight straight-man role while heaping serial slapstick ignominies on his co-star , who gamely bounds through everything the script throws at her .
The film 's best moments are when McCarthy is left to her own improvisational devices with the camera still running , and that does n't happen often enough .
Clever premise , witless execution .
Identity Thief is n't a great comedy in the class of McCarthy 's Bridesmaids , but it 's still a decent one ...
... -LSB- McCarthy -RSB- goes for it Bugs-Bunny-meets-the-Roadrunner-meets-all-three-Stooges-style . It 's just that the movie she 's single-handedly trying to save is n't worth her effort .
A wasted opportunity : put the two leads in a movie that did n't lazily rely on its high concept to do the work , and you 'd really have something to laugh about .
Hollywood 's most skilled and fearless physical comedian since Jim Carrey in his '90s heyday , Melissa McCarthy is so dogged in her efforts to eke out a laugh that it 's depressing to see a movie treat her as shabbily as this one does .
When a straightforward description of the plot is funnier on an ironic level than any joke in the film , you 're in for a bad time .
Here we have about 70 minutes worth of movie spread out over 111 mind-numbingly painful minutes of running time .
should have been a frothy farce , but instead takes several different attitudes , including action , melodrama , and mean-spirited nihilism . None of those are particularly successful
`` Identity Thief '' gives Melissa McCarthy her full - fledged feature-film starring role . But the result is dispiriting , to say the least .
Identity Theft is perfectly performed , often wildly funny , and a great movie night option for the not-easily-embarrassed .
Bateman and McCarthy are asked to mine a garbage heap of gags
On paper it 's a good comedic pairing , but that 's it . About 45 minutes into the film , I realized I was trying to laugh , instead of the film making me laugh .
While the two leads are likable enough , they deserve better , especially McCarthy . Her range is criminally misused here -- it 's almost as if someone stole her comedic identity and committed a bad film in her name .
-LSB- A -RSB- funny , though formulaic , mismatched-duo comedy ...
The latest movie featuring Chris Farley and David Spade really stinks . Oh ... wait ...
Lazy comedy does n't mean diddly-squat .
It 's not perfect , but it is a wild 'n' crazy road trip on the lighter side of a topic that , as a lot of folks have discovered , is no laughing matter .
After setting up the professional and emotional devastation Jason Bateman 's character suffers when his identity is stolen , the movie does its best to say , `` You know what ? Forget about that . Laugh at the crazy car crashes instead . ''
Identity Thief is so bad that I hope it does n't prematurely squash people 's enthusiasm for Melissa McCarthy .
Bateman and McCarthy elevate the material to a higher level than it should have .
The scattered chuckles , while generally crude and obnoxious , might have more resonance if the film had some grounding in authenticity .
Identity Thief is funny enough , but it needed to be darker , raunchier , and crazier to live up to the promise of its casting .
A road movie with its creative lanes clogged , and a Mack truck comedian barreling through , anyway . Melissa McCarthy , pound-for-pound the funniest woman in show biz these days , carries this cruel and usual raunchfest practically by default .
This is a movie for those who could care less about a bad premise or , for that matter , misfired gags , false sentimentality and obtuse characters .
The snow might be tricky to predict . But the bad winter movies arrive right on schedule
If Identity Thief suffers from comedic recession , Melissa McCarthy is too small a stimulus package .
A waste of the talents of Melissa McCarthy and Jason Bateman .
Plays like one of those junky '80s vehicles Whoopi Goldberg got saddled with because Hollywood did n't know what the hell else to do with her .
The theft of identity that 's going on here is the fact this thing is falsely advertising itself as a comedy
Identity Thief is an odd mix of edginess , slapstick , and serious drama that is only occasionally satisfying .
I came away from `` Identity Thief '' with more admiration than ever for Melissa McCarthy , but I hope somebody will devise a better vehicle for her talents .
Both Bateman and McCarthy are funny , but they really do n't have much chemistry , which is essential for a road comedy that locks two people in cars and hotel rooms together .
It may be too soon to call Identity Thief the worst film of the year , but there 's no doubt that it will be a contender .
Even with all its shortcomings and sentimental fudges , there is something about McCarthy 's refusal to lie down and play the victim that gives it a comic edge . A blunt edge , to be sure , but an edge all the same .
-LSB- A -RSB- sloppily made exercise of rip-offs and redemption .
The two have palpable chemsitry , but the film 's hyper pace keeps pushing them forward when it might have nicer to just let these two make us laugh
Considering that it starts out with two distinctive and likable stars and a reasonably promising premise , `` Identity Thief '' reaches impressive heights of laziness and idiocy .
What keeps `` Identity Thief '' from being totally derailed is -LRB- Melissa -RRB- McCarthy 's performance . She is a wonderful physical comedian who can elicit laughs just by running on a highway .
Identity Thief apparently forgets it was supposed to be a comedy .
`` Identity Thief '' is a cheap copy of much better comedies .
-LSB- Identity Thief -RSB- exhausts most of the comic potential from identity theft in the first 20 minutes and then turns into a solid but unexceptional road picture .
Great stars ca n't rescue uneven , sometimes violent comedy .
Thanks to McCarthy 's abundant comic gifts and those of her equally ill-served straight man Jason Bateman , Identity Thief does n't leave nearly as icky a taste as it could have , but Gordon only taps into a fraction of his actors ' potential .
Chemistry is the reason things click . Actors with the ability to connect their characters to you always overcome a multitude of movie sins .
Laugh out loud funny with bravura performances by Melissa McCarthy and Jason Bateman and a terrific supporting cast .
`` Identity Thief '' tries its best to entertain but half way through it loses its appeal and you 'll be ready for the criminal chase to end .
A lot of movies released into theaters deserve the label of `` bad . '' Only a few cross the line into `` reprehensible . '' Say hello to Identity Thief .
Perhaps rightly so , ` Identity Thief ' feels like it 's lifted material from other , more original films and thus comes off as a cheap imitation that does n't stand up to any sort of critical scrutiny . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
The film has too many characters , too much sentiment and too much time-wasting side material and phony-baloney ` motivation , ' when the only thing it needs is to let McCarthy do her thing .
`` Identity Thief '' strands these two ordinarily enjoyable comics in the middle of nowhere with no help for miles .
Identity Thief feels painfully misguided for nearly every one of its interminable 108 minutes .
Bateman and McCarthy are left stranded onscreen while we are supposed to be chortling at slobber comedy and fat jokes .
Vulgar and tawdry , it turns a cyber-crime into cinematic chaos .
A self-indulgent comedy catchall , one that 's saddled with an irony for a title ; that is , for a film about the value of identity , Identity Thief does n't have a clue about what it wants to be .
The whole thing 's not much of anything , really - just a little more than an hour-and-a-half of crude jokes and clumsy plotting , all wrapped up with a feel-good ribbon at the end .
A few scenes are giggly funny . Some are just stupid .
Really , this a two-hander that unfolds at two distinctly separate speeds .
We can forgive the silly setup , without which there can be no film , but like many a road movie , this one has a better start and finish than middle .
Jason Bateman and Melissa McCarthy make a terrific comedy team in this road trip romp .
McCarthy is a worthy successor to John Candy , who also had a gift for warming up caricatures with loveable humanity .
You know Melissa McCarthy has arrived in Hollywood when you see her receive mediocre material like Identity Thief and watch her make it funnier than it deserves to be .
The movie 's stretch for happy-happy at the end ca n't wash away the sour taste of all that 's come before .
Watching `` Identity Thief '' made me feel bad for Jason Bateman .
Dismal ... Lots of things get stolen in ` Identity Thief , ' but the biggest heist is of the hundred minutes you 'll lose forever watching it .
For a movie that 's essentially a gender-scrambled version of Midnight Run , Identity Thief is an amiable rip-off .
Identity Thief is a cinematic shart - a huge mess that 's no fun to clean up .
A manic Melissa McCarthy does her darndest to save this overly familiar comedy . Alas , it is n't enough .
` Identity Thief ' gets off to a shaky start and never recovers .
Identity Thief elicited one giant shrug from me .
Identity Thief is torture porn . We 've been using that term wrong for years .
An obnoxious and repulsive comedy that consistently wastes the talents of its two charismatic stars .
If you think about it long enough , you 'll realize that the movie is asking you to root for a disturbed sociopath who ruins people 's lives for sport . Are we having fun yet ?
A sloppy script from Craig Mazin shows no sense of character , and dragged-out direction from Seth Gordon shows no understanding of comic momentum .
For all of its extraneous subplots and contrived scripting -LSB- the film 's -RSB- got one decidedly potent weapon in the form of the fearless dynamo Melissa McCarthy .
If only there were some kind of federal bureau that could handle the investigation of such crimes , everything might be resolved easily and quickly .
`` Identity Thief '' is not only not funny . It 's negative funny . It 's short on laughs , but it will disturb and annoy .
Its stars , Jason Bateman and Melissa McCarthy , steal so many laughs from such improbable places that the bumps in this revenge/road trip farce can be mostly forgiven , though not forgotten .
What a bummer .
-LSB- It -RSB- manages to make off with just enough laughs to work , thanks to the wondrous McCarthy , one of the few actresses in Hollywood allowed to showcase her wit and charisma as much as her physique .
An unfunny jumble of absurdities .
Has the kind of cast that makes audiences ask , `` How bad could it be ? '' before proceeding to answer that very question .
As is the case with other unsatisfactory diversions , it is entirely possible to ignore the worst parts of this movie , to drift along during the lulls , slide over the half-baked jokes and just wait for Ms. McCarthy and Mr. Bateman to do their things .
This often very mean-spirited movie about modern rage plays out with nods to several road-trip classics .
The comedy equivalent of mud-wrestling without the mud .
Electronic identity theft offers a host of new possibilities , and to have almost none of them explored by writer Craig Mazin and director Seth Gordon in this uninspired trudge of a road movie is the biggest waste of all .
The darkness in this comedy is exactly what makes it work so well .
At best it 's perversely interesting as a major misstep for both stars .
Just because there is nothing new under the sun does n't mean McCarthy ca n't make hay while it shines .
If nothing else , Identity Thief confirms McCarthy 's identity in the Hollywood hierarchy : She 's a big , ballsy star .
Unfunny , predictable , and vulgar , it 's the generic equivalent of a Judd Apatow movie . As always , you get what you pay for .
` Identity Thief ' is not a great movie . But it is a great vehicle for two terrific actors who drape themselves in material perfectly tailored to them .
Identity Thief could be mistaken for the latest Todd Phillips comedy . Whether that 's an endorsement or a warning depends on your tastes .
It 's a comedy that 's not really much of a comedy , and it forces the audience to sympathize with a monster of a woman , even while she shows no remorse for her awful crimes .
What success the movie finds is due to the leads ' efforts , which are impressively strenuous . They start out with a great premise , and they 're clearly ready to run with it . But most of the laughs are stolen right out from under them .
McCarthy , who has been wackily funny in supporting parts , will be the revelation for most of us : Not only can she carry a lead , but she handles heartfelt moments of joy and sorrow .
The film 's few chuckles can be chalked up to the sheer comedic charisma of McCarthy and Bateman .
While `` Identity Thief '' is n't one of the best road-trip movies to come our way , Melissa McCarthy makes the journey worth it .
If this is the best we can offer two very fine actors , we 're in trouble . As an industry and a culture . In other words , Melissa McCarthy and Jason Bateman deserve a lot better . And so do we .
... piles on complications -LSB- for -RSB- a movie that is busy without being terribly funny . Give it Brownie points for making fun of Florida -LRB- `` the worst place in America '' -RRB- and Ayn Rand .
If `` Identity Thief '' is n't the most outrageous social satire since `` Myra Breckenridge , '' then my name is n't Rex Reed .
The result is no classic , but it is fun and it seems to be paving the way for the day when , under the guidance of a smart director , McCarthy knocks one out of the park .
A disaster , lurching awkwardly from one tone to another , way too long with too many characters , and seriously short on laughs all the while .
As outrageous as the premise may seem , there 's enough laughs to make up for the predictable road comedy formula we 've seen so many times before .
I did not know I could yawn angrily . This movie somehow proved it possible .
Much as I like Melissa McCarthy , this aimless road movie misfires . And when is Hollywood going to let a plus-sized woman be not only sexual but erotic ?
Ultimately unsatisfying , not as laugh-out-loud funny as it promises to be in the opening .
A weak-tea reworking of Midnight Run , itself a long-overvalued action-comedy that was never as good its proponents would have you think .
`` Identity Thief '' is mostly noteworthy for reminding us that McCarthy 's talents can , indeed , carry a comedy . It 's too bad that it had to be this one .
Gordon is lost , and his style of shooting - telescopic close-ups , which never give us enough space to appreciate the performers - feels wrong for comedy .
A comedy does n't necessarily need to develop its characters past caricatures , but a better balance between narrative and yuks tends to make the yuks stronger .
They aimed for `` Midnight Run , '' settled for attempting `` Due Date , '' and wound up with `` Guilt Trip . ''
It wants to be `` Midnight Run '' meets `` Planes , Trains and Automobiles , '' but it carries little of the dramatic heft and real-world semi-plausibility of those much superior efforts .
The contrived setup does n't make much sense , and the movie throws in far too many extraneous antagonists and dead-end plot detours , none of which are entertaining .
Asinine -LSB- and -RSB- illiterate .
A cabal of under-sketched narrative interlopers , an uncertain mixture of tones and , most damningly , a general lack of good ideas and jokes doom this strained offering .
Melissa McCarthy is riveting in simply-penned moments of remorse and confession , adding tearful depth to her ace timing and formidable physical comedy .
Of the many qualities I adore about Melissa McCarthy as a comedian and as a dramatic actor , the best is how fully she gives herself to every character she plays .
Another rough comic movie road trip helps give car travel a bad name .
With Identity Thief , Melissa McCarthy proves she 's got what it takes to carry a feature , however meager the underlying material .
... a comedy that is about two-thirds worthy of your money and one-third a waste of everybody 's time ; in other words , better than average for a major studio comedy these days .
It 's a deserving subject that should be explored in a more viable film , but Identity Thief is so bad it 's hard to believe it was n't directed by Judd Apatow or the Farrelly Brothers .
McCarthy gets bashed about like a Stooge , and she bashes back with riotous abandon . Sadly , the rest of the movie is a shambles .
It fails as a star vehicle , a recession-era satire , a WTF white-collar-grunt revenge tale , a Midnight Run-style buddy flick , a gross-out laughfest and a bathetic tale of broken souls .
2013 is Melissa McCarthy 's year .


@highlight

Identity Thief 's few laughs are attributable to Melissa McCarthy and Jason Bateman , who labor mightily to create a framework for the movie 's undisciplined plotline .