So , it 's a misfire-an interesting one , but a misfire , nonetheless .
West also proves that horror can draw from real-world scenarios and give us surprisingly profound moments .
Genuinely creepy and upsetting , the picture showcases West 's ability to make even a tired subgenre marginally fresh .
What some may see as `` slow and uneventful storytelling '' I see as `` subtle and masterfully sustained suspense . ''
Although this film is classified in the horror genre , it plays more like a suspenseful drama . This film shows that director Ti West has the potential to move beyond the horror genre , as so many other directors have done before him .
Unimaginative shocker .
An overwhelmingly unoriginal thriller . `` The Sacrament '' borrows heavily , if not totally , from the 1978 Jonestown Massacre . But , it ca n't get the chills that even a bad documentary on Jonestown could give .
The film has a ticking time-bomb quality that pays off in the accelerating violence of the breathless final act , which is more grim than gory , with the high body count one would expect from a movie inspired by Jonestown .
What starts as a slow-burning and suspenseful story of religious fanaticism settles for a conventionally brutal resolution , with muddled social context and more narrative questions than answers .
West 's found-footage structure does n't always entirely make sense , but it 's easy to forgive `` The Sacrament '' its flaws .
West is such an inventive , powerful filmmaker that he still manages to establish some interesting spaces , even with the clunky hand-held camerawork .
The first half is a cautiously dread-inducing tour de force ... The second half , however , when all hell breaks loose a little too quickly , is the disappointment .
Ti West 's found-footage style horror film is a cut above the genre 's norm , with an uncompromising , horrific , finale .
Yet another found-footage thriller , this chilling horror film at least has some solid roots as a fictionalised version of real events .
Everything that happens is what you 'd expect , and the choice of subject and the modifications West has made to the generic conventions do n't add much to the suspense or thrills .
The found footage format becomes cumbersome and feels disingenuous as cameras are diligently placed by those handling them even during dump-and-run moments .
The Sacrament is a chilling film that looks at the darkest side of human nature and what is truly capable in the hands of evil people .
Ti Wet takes the retro anxiety of 1978 's Jonestown Massacre and slaps on a fresh coat of creepiness . Not that it needed much .
-LSB- Ti West 's -RSB- skills are underutilized and the found footage aspect is as sloppy as in a ` Paranormal Activity ' number .
It 's an atmospheric film whose ominous score and straightforward plot -- channels the growing sense of dread .
The Sacrament may not be a good movie , but it has enough virtues - enough gripping , well-put-together moments - that it made me reconsider my opinion of West as a director .
The entire first half of this film feels frivolous and unimportant . That is , until Gene Jones shows up .
The tension fizzles as The Sacrament narrows into predictability , indulging every cliché of found-footage filmmaking and Jonestown-styled cult apocalypticism .
Gives enough unsettling atmosphere and upsetting gut-level shock that this viewer did n't mind too much all the stuff he was n't getting ...
A masterclass in unsettling chills from West , lit up by another strong Seimetz turn .
an exploitative packaging of a real-life horror .
Shifts from the unnerving to the hollow after it becomes evident that Mr. West is more interested in showing how his characters die than how they lived .
When this device works , it works well . When it does n't , one finds oneself sighing a lot as the movie rolls onward .
A marked disappointment .
The aim and the conceit distract from director Ti West 's execution .
It 's an intelligent , even challenging work , although not quite as crisp and frightening as The House of the Devil .
One of America 's most exciting young directors delivers half of a great movie with this investigation into religious cults .
All in all , The Sacrament is a terrific little thriller and I 'm looking forward to seeing it again .
As West sticks the landing ... we 're left with a thought : maybe we do n't need movies about demon worship or vengeful ghosts . Human nature is terrifying enough .
Pointlessly fictionalized , to make this version of the Jonestown mass suicide into a horror film . It does n't come off .
Only Jones seems most at home , striking just the right note of low-key malevolence . You 'd follow him anywhere-maybe even into a better movie .
The Sacrament infuses the past with ghoulish immediacy .
Ti West may possess one of the most compelling voices in horror , but the wit and originality that characterised his earlier films is all but absent .
The performances are excellent , the atmosphere tense , but West is too caught up in the facts to enlighten us further .
With The Sacrament , director Ti West has bitten off more of a premise than his classically modest barebones approach to horror movies can presently chew .
Chilling tale of brainwashing that summons up the Jonestown Massacre .
`` The Sacrament '' is strong stuff , a concise , provocative exhibition of how the words of one individual can pull such an influentially harmful sway over a group of vulnerable people searching for purpose .
-LSB- ... -RSB- While The Sacrament affirms West 's talent and versatility , the film 's basic conceit is a failure of taste , alluding so heavily to the 1978 Jonestown massacre that it feels like a ghoulish recreation of history .
Those who watch -LRB- this film -RRB- expecting a supernatural element in keeping with -LRB- the director 's -RRB- previous films will be disappointed , but the movie is no less chilling since it is thoroughly grounded in reality and history .
Though it 's a horror film first and foremost , it 's also a very volatile and relevant cautionary tale that needs to be seen .
The Sacrament opens with a whimper , building Eden Parish 's dull allure , but goes out with a sadistically horrific bang - rewarding the most patient of viewers .
An interesting film that attempts to tackle some intriguing ideas but unfortunately does n't offer anything new .
West 's choice of a ` found footage ' format brings immediacy to this riff on Jonestown , while also slyly insinuating that the very presence of the cameras might well play a leading part in the film 's tragic dénouement .
-LSB- The Sacrament -RSB- did n't make me a believer in Ti West or the mumblegore gang , although it did make me a believer in Gene Jones .
goes all Cannibal Holocaust on its rapidly evolving situation , leaving us to wonder how much the presence of the media has contributed to the horrifically tragic outcome .
The end result is a passable thriller that could -LRB- and should -RRB- have been so much better ...
The Sacrament is worth a watch for fans of the director and cast , but its lack of purpose or anything to say limits its staying power dramatically .
It is a suspenseful , thrilling movie that builds to a crescendo , but I do n't want to spoil that part .
The Sacrament is , like everything Ti West makes , solid and smart and well-calibrated , but out of his recent films , it would be the last of them that I 'd return to for pleasure .
Sacrament bottoms out in its second half , with West too paralyzed by the particulars of his inspiration to craft an innovative take on a horrifying event in human history .
I ca n't wait until West makes a movie about the Shworld Shtrade Shenter .
The Sacrament 's intriguing setup is squandered by predictability and the filmmaker 's irritating refusal to stick to reality/found footage ` rules ' .
Relatively sophisticated and intriguing .
It 's not just bad , it 's infuriating .
A bone-chilling genre piece about religious fanaticism taken to deadly extremes .
West essentially re-creates a real-life atrocity , beat for awful beat , for the sake of some second-rate thrills .
There 's not much left in the way of tension or surprises and it ca n't do anything except feel like a huge anticlimax .
Enough solid dramatic moments that make it far more interesting than the typical `` found footage '' movie .
Purists might insist is n't horror in the strictest sense , though this slow-burning investigation of unseemly goings-on at a rural Christian commune is frightening in any genre language .

@highlight

While it may be a bit too slow for some , The Sacrament offers enough tense atmosphere and intriguing ideas to satisfy discerning horror buffs .