`` Litte Pink House '' feels like it 's only ever checking off the requisite moments of civic outrage , while failing to connect with viewers on a level that 's deeper than the average made-for-TV issue-of-the-week movie .
Has its heart in the right place , but it fails to rise much beyond issue-oriented movie-of-the-week quality .
A workmanlike dramatization of a controversial Supreme Court decision that never quite makes a case for itself .
Little Pink House benefits tremendously from Keener 's charisma , compassion and sense of humor .
Little Pink House is a fairly textbook rendition of a true story adapted for film , complete with authentic locations and local extras .
A fact-based story of government bullying that makes you want to turn all politicians into piñatas .
The reedy true-life saga never quite finds its pulse and purpose .
The issue of eminent domain receives a modest work-out in Little Pink House .
Little Pink House is not one of the great civil rights movies -LRB- it 's no Loving or To Kill a Mockingbird -RRB- , but its slow , steady charm never lets go of the fact that these are people 's homes on the line .
Keener 's performance keeps the film grounded even as blunt scenes of the opposing camp 's machinations flirt with soap opera villainy .
A more seasoned filmmaker could have given the it more depth and focus but I am glad I learned of this intriguing story of justice -LRB- or , injustice -RRB- .
... the film artlessly shuttles back and forth between its David and Goliath as if on a timer
The film tells the history-making conflict in terms that are personal , down to earth and utterly relatable . Writer/director Courtney Balaker draws the ideal amount of individual conflict to balance the ongoing court battles .
There 's a television movie feel to `` House , '' but messages on spirit and community remain vividly detailed by Balaker , who seeks to create a war cry for injustice with the feature .
The cast works diligently , and Keener is scrappy but calm throughout , with a convincing naturalism as a woman with tremendous strength and a powerful belief in civil rights .
Watching the tension between both -LSB- Catherine -RSB- Keener and -LSB- Jeanne -RSB- Tripplehorn 's characters and the women 's acting styles is one of House 's pleasures .
A levelheaded nurse fights to save her home and neighborhood from demolition in this disjointed but still-affecting drama .
The movie often seems to have a hard time making up its mind whether it wants to be The Insider or Mean Girls .
Little Pink House is a message movie that does n't condescend to its blue-collar heroes .
The writer-director Courtney Moorehead Balaker is painstaking about the various tricks government uses to adapt the rule of law to its own desires .
In the footsteps of Silkwood and countless other underdog sagas , the unfailingly cogent and gratifyingly pertinent Little Pink House tells the true story of one woman 's courageous struggle against powerful forces ...
If the story 's political and personal nuances have been a bit flattened in Balaker 's script , keeping proceedings in a movie-of-the-week register , this `` Little Pink House '' nonetheless retains what property developers would call good bones .
Palely photographed and anchored by a quiet , rather weary performance from Ms. Keener , `` Little Pink House '' is a peculiarly enervated affair .
It 's an entertaining movie ; but to an extent it 's also a public service , in that it persuades the audience to think about an issue it might never have previously considered .
Like Erin Brockovich for eminent domain , Little Pink House does well to explain the thorny legal issue at its center without getting bogged down in minutiae .
The film is mostly a sobering dramatization of a true and controversial story in recent Connecticut history .
Little Pink House brings urgency to a fascinating , underexplored theme .

@highlight

Little Pink House rises up on the foundation of Catherine Keener 's strong central performance , even if its fact-based story never quite fills in the framework .