... a safe bet that offers something for everyone , in addition to being well accompanied by new songs by Pharrell . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Taraji P. Henson , Octavia Spencer and Janelle Monáe are what make this movie . They are the heart .
As the first major release of 2017 , it 's a little early to call Hidden Figures the feel-good movie of the year , but let 's at least hope it sets the tone .
... a message more optimistic than pessimistic , and with the music of Pharrell Williams ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Here , we right an historical wrong , looking back at the important ... contributions that a group of three African-American women made to our nation 's space program .
So important , while also just really entertaining and really enjoyable ... you ca n't help but feel for these women .
The ultimate value of Hidden Figures is couched in its ability to empower the viewer ; it occasionally indulges in populist cinema 's most frequent vice of uninhibited emotion but these moments , and our reactions , are always earned .
`` Hidden Figures '' provides a positive image of women as science researchers who were able to balance their personal and professional lives to achieve success .
... `` Hidden Figures '' acquires a potent presence , even if it would be stretching things to say it 's a great movie . Still , historically , socially and culturally it may be remembered after the year 's better films have faded into the recesses of memory .
It 's the quiet fierceness the actresses bring to these roles that make the work compelling .
Even though Hidden Figures is overstuffed with plot points and has way too much going on to properly flesh out in its roughly 2-hour running time , the film deserves praise for putting some unknown heroes into the limelight
Most of this country 's history - like most Hollywood movies - has been written by white men . ` Hidden Figures ' is a great reminder of the unsung African-American women who contributed to all our accomplishments .
Hidden Figures tells the amazing true story of three women who were pioneers in the space program .
Happily , the government hires women for its space program . Otherwise , how would we get this remarkable film ?
As far as the viewer goes , the story dates back to the 60s , but when you catch the tributes paid to the the real Johnson , Vaughan , and Jackson during the credit roll , you know that this story of triumph needed to be told , right here , right now .
Directed by Theodore Melfi , this fascinating , hugely watchable and eventually heart-warming story does occasionally lack subtlety but it 's deservedly up for a Best Picture Oscar .
... strong performances by Henson , Spencer and Monae .
It strikes a careful balance in showing how things were , and what they could be .
These are emotional and nuanced performances that powerfully deliver a reminder of just how ugly a world of prejudice is .
Hidden Figures is a story of friendship and inspiration and a reminder to have faith in your abilities - and it 's also two hours of guaranteed empowerment that will blast you straight towards your goals .
Watch this movie for the important story it tells - women standing up against racism and sexism in different and complex ways .
Hidden Figures '' is crowd-pleasing entertainment of vital history .
The performances are warm and good-humored , without exception . It is absolutely an inspirational movie .
Balancing each woman 's story within the structure of the Space Race is deftly handled , as their workdays require them to give 110 percent and then go home and raise families .
Salutes the trailblazing achievements of three African-American women who worked behind the scenes at Nasa as ` human computers ' , doing the hard sums before electronic machines were up to the task .
It 's mostly fine but largely forgettable , with a script that suffers from flat characters and which treats its story less like the powerful drama it is and more like a straight line evenly peppered with plot points .
Hidden Figures is smart , funny , beautifully acted and altogether entertaining . And essentially true . What else could you possibly want ?
All things considered , Hidden Figures wraps some fairly radical themes - three African-American women entrusted with important NASA jobs at a time -LRB- 1961-1962 -RRB- when Jim Crow was still the law of the land - in a largely unradical package .
... terrific drama , eye-opening history , and a great lesson for Hollywood .
There 's nothing wrong with Hidden Figures , and uncomplicated movies like it . It 's certainly doing good by shedding light on some figures who should n't remain hidden in history .
This drama , which puts black women at its center , is so triumphant , highlighting both the brilliance and lives of three women whose stories have been neglected in history books , and at the same time it elevates the profile of three great actresses .
I liked Hidden Figures so much I went back to see it again . And I liked it just as much the second time .
It may be predictable but it 's also one of the most uplifting and triumphant movies of the year .
Taraji P. Henson , Octavia Spencer and Janelle Monáe are very , very hard to dislike .
The film is n't always subtle , but a broad brush sometimes leaves behind a big , beautiful swath of color .
A largely prosaically told reworking of the outsider-versus-the-system paradigm that gains piquancy from the story it has to tell and the vibrant personages at its centre .
Taraji P. Henson as Katherine Johnson grows more and more confident in each scene . Her gentle no-problem-sir demeanour melts away into pure passion .
Hidden Figures is a rich and uplifting experience .
It 's a terrific story told with a lot of verve and charm .
It 's the sparkling individual components that comprise the ideal equation here , rather than any attempt to craft a new formula .
A movie that is important , well-performed , and entertaining . It 's a real crowd-pleaser , in other words .
Just like NASA is feeling its way around space , one rocket at a time , the women in Hidden Figures are launching minor revolutions on the ground , one mathematical formula at a time .
Hidden Figures is engaging , entertaining and enlightening -- but by playing fast and loose with historical fact , it risks blunting some of the story 's eye-opening emotional force .
In the two years since Margot Lee Shetterly 's non-fiction book was optioned , the film 's reflection on privilege feels even more relevant .
`` Hidden Figures '' is a rousing story of unsung heroism adapted with the mass appeal of a colouring book .
Very uplifting .
The title is an amazing pun , based on black women working at NASA -- and the calculations they made to help the space race .
Well , I know which film I 'll be rooting for come Oscar night .
This splashy , feelgood period piece is every bit as enjoyable as a best picture Oscar-nominated blockbuster could hope to be .
Almost every one of the fudges makes the film more entertaining and less truthful .
Despite the stellar cast , though , the film is weighted down by an overload of subplots .
Hugely engaging , as well as important and inspiring .
No people have ever deserved their own movie more than they do . And what a lovely movie this is .
As -LSB- Melfi -RSB- proved in his previous film , St Vincent , he 's good with actors and is a competent storyteller , but he ca n't resist underlining things that are already obvious .
A heart-warming film and not one to be missed if you have lately been running low on inspiration in life . Let the stories of three geniuses tell you how a woman , despite several hurdles , can still cross the finish line .
Directed with Oscar-baiting flourish by Theodore Melfi , Hidden Figures works well as a well-meaning , corrective history lesson designed to honour the talented women who worked away in historical silence while castigating the system that oppressed them .
Even if some details have been massaged to fit the template of a Hollywood crowd-pleaser , the main thrust of the story is true and all the more remarkable for that .
Yes , the story may have been panel-beaten into a gleaming , Oscar-friendly shape . That Hidden Figures is still so entertaining and moving is due in large part to a hugely likeable central trio of performances .
This is an immensely likeable film and one that draws overdue attention to a story that has been neglected for far too long .
Melfi 's option for a brazenly feelgood formula could have easily undermined quite what a brutally obstructive status quo these women were facing up to but - thanks to trio of terrific performances - this is never an issue .
Hidden Figures is light on its feet , warm-hearted and determined to entertain as well as educate .
Hidden Figures completes its mission by landing a deeply touching and buoyant story that shoots for the stars .
Hidden Figures is not a good movie . Sorry , but it 's not .
It 's touching , sobering , sometimes funny , this lesson in racial history ...
This is heartfelt and inspiring stuff .
Hidden Figures is n't pushing the cinematic boat out in any new directions , but it steers its prescribed course nimbly and nicely .
A remarkable biopic that demonstrates how holding back the tide of equality is detrimental to us all .
You 'd need to have a cold stone heart - or , I suppose , prejudicially racialist views - to dislike Hidden Figures ... A wonderful , rather incredible story , full of triumphant moments and performed by a perfect cast .
Hidden Figures chronicles the trials and tribulations of these trailblazing women at an extraordinary time in human history .
Melfi 's cast are so cool , and this truly is a story that should be told , particularly while race and gender are still such burning issues .
Race and gender politics enter as small , personal insults -- a segregated coffee pot , a condescending smirk , a closed meeting-room door -- but every setback is tied up neatly with a victory .
The performances here are wonderful and it is undoubtedly a `` feel good '' film with its warmth , vitality and empowering energy .
A terrific film in the style of Hollywood ` applause ' films , where the heroes or heroines are portrayed as not only morally superior but endlessly likeable
It 's a great , uplifting story filled with ` firsts ' at a time in the 60s when segregation was rife , women 's roles were compromised and the NASA space program was keenly competing against the Russians ... Three delightful performances bring the women to life
An old-fashioned story about discrimination and overcoming ; inspiring , hopeful and impeccably acted . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Essentially Parabolas & Prejudice , it is n't the most nuanced piece of work out this month . But nuance be damned - an uplifting plea for equality , this is a story calibrated for maximum effect .
The pacey script is as slickly engineered as a Mercury rocket to include girl-power fun , romance and against-the-clock launchpad crises .
While anger-inducing , Melfi ensures this film just about remains uplifting and inspiring , without compromising on the severity of the themes being explored .
Hidden Figures is n't nearly as revolutionary or convention-busting as its subjects , but it illuminates an important story , and is given flight by three charismatic performers .
It 's helpful that the acting trio sell the somewhat saccharine story well .
A simple and extremely enjoyable film , one that brings smiles and keeps them for the rest of the day . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The sheer energy of the cast of Hidden Figures and the pure curiosity provoked by its subject are simply too warm and inviting to resist .
A classic biopic with great one liners , endearing characters and a great cast . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The actual story of a group of African-American employees working for NASA in the late 1950s in the segregationist state of Virginia deserved a better movie . In any case , much more complex . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that fulfills its goal is to entertain with a real story of overcoming and prodigy of those who really inspire and invite you to know the real story once the credits begin to rise . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An elegantly elaborate film with a script that marks the perfect balance between serious historical drama and entertainment . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A completely motivational story , which we might well consider anti-Trump , because it 's a group of African-American women helping to fulfill a country 's mission to reach the stars . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A biopic that is characterized by being entertaining , full of nuances that highlight familiar situations and it does n't decay at any time creating boredom , nor in wants to victimize its protagonists . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A conventional and optimistic story that has the merit of showing the contribution of the three women to North America . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Too bad that the film does n't have more rage , reaction and resistance . A real pity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hidden Figures is not a particularly sharp or revealing film about race relations in the United States . However , the current conjuncture of that country allows these `` talents '' to take effect , but not transcendence . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An irresistible and entertaining film that is effective in its objectives . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Including some fine acting , the film is easy to appreciate and digest , without ever becoming preachy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film with a powerful cast , remarkable emotional strength , closeness freshness and breathtaking vitality . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that works because of the chemistry of its cast , the successful formula of feel-good movies and those inspiring stories that leaves you in a good mood . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A sort of familiar biopic , something according to the predictable and already marked milestones that frame its footage , and conducive to combine the effect of entertainment with instruction . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Not only an entertaining and heartfelt story , but an informative and important one as well .
By skillfully avoiding polemical statements and scenes of high drama , ... the film sends a powerful message about the evils of racism .
Looking for an entertaining film starring women of colour dominating an intellectual field ? Then skip this review and watch Hidden Figures right bloody now .
A conventional but very curious and amusing biopic with an interesting story and the added attraction of revealing little-known events and characters from American history . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that reveals the stories of its protagonists in three well compartmentalized plots and as calculated towards its objective as the trajectory of a space flight . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In spite of its calculated excess of superficiality , it 's an interesting , entertaining and very well interpreted film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The story is a good one , and the movie never feels too heavy or preachy .
It 's not intended to be the definitive film about what it addresses , but it 's a fairly close approach and anyone can enjoy it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The true story of three patient and patriotic African-American women who make an invaluable contribution to the success of the early space program .
Hidden Figures does n't try to push many artistic boundaries , but it tells its story so well that it does n't really have to .
We might already know the end of the film , which tends to feel a bit formulaic at times , but it still sucks us in . It 's a feel-good story that 's every bit worth rooting for .
With some audacity and ingenuity , `` Hidden Figures '' might have been something extraordinary . Instead , it 's merely about something extraordinary .
If the currently released `` Jackie '' has an edge in glossy production design , the heart and soul of this film makes it stand a full head taller .
It 's the kind of movie where you compliment the performances and then trail off because there 's nothing much left to say that wo n't make you sound like a jerk .
Uplifting , if not a little heavy handed , `` Hidden Figures '' is based on the true story of three very remarkable women and all three stars make the wise choice of not being stereotypical in their performances
It 's a ` feel good movie ' but Hidden Figures is never schmaltzy and is does n't gloss over the weighty issues .
It -LSB- Hidden Figures -RSB- makes our eyes wander and our ears perk , always on the look out for those who may next pioneer us into greater , undiscovered territories .
With any luck , Hidden Figures will bring viewers to the nonfiction account by Margot Lee Shetterly on which it 's based -- and serve as an inspiration for STEM-minded kids who rarely see parallels to themselves on film .
Three heroic African-American women carry this true NASA story to the heights of crowd-pleasing . The recent death of living legend/astronaut John Glenn adds even more heft to a movie that should serve as an inspiration to anyone who perseveres .
its story of triumph over adversity is not so much a historical lesson as it is a call to ensure that we stop making the same old mistakes
The film never relinquishes its tight focus on three remarkable individuals who repeatedly demonstrate that they , too , possess the right stuff .
A historical and pastel color drama that focuses in social awareness and sentimentality . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hidden Figures is n't a ground - , ceiling - , door - , or wall-breaking movie , but it entertains through its cast 's charm .
This is a movie that should be seen featuring a story that needed to be told .
It 's an uplifting cinematic experience that virtually anyone can enjoy , all while learning a story that deserved to be told .
Hidden Figures is a great time at the theater .
... inspirational but predictable celebration of sacrifice , can-do spirit of three exploited NASA workers ... feels pat , too self-aware ... may be overdoing things to redress past sins .
The film 's light , breezy entertainment value hides a deeper poignance , making it a nice complement to the heavier films that take the opposite approach .
Hidden Figures deserves consideration as another great black hope of putting that #OscarsSoWhite problem to rest . More importantly , it 's a lesson that African-American culture offers more inspiring stories than Hollywood has chosen to tell .
It 's as uplifting as watching a rocket take off .
Three strong , brilliant black women doing it for themselves by forcing a racist , sexist government agency to swallow a little Jim Crow in order to take America to the stars and back .
You can start 2017 with positive vibes .
Three women of color transcended the boundaries of their time . They rose above a segregated , sexist society to show that intellect is color blind and gender neutral . Hidden Figures is a long overdue story .
A lovely movie , buoyed by understated performances .
Smart and sweet , the movie does n't so much press viewers to examine their own potential prejudices as it assumes the persuasive power of its own vision .
It 's pretty much perfect , and I can not wait for general audiences to get the opportunity to head to the theatre and learn that blissful truth for themselves .
Taraji P. Henson , Octavia Spencer and Janelle Monáe bring every ounce of their considerable charm to a script filled with humor and heart .
Yes , the movie is idealized in its portrait of women who have undoubtedly been denied very ordinary human flaws and failings . But then , so what ? They 're heroes , every one of them .
If Quentin Tarantino really only has two movies left , I pray that at least one of them stars Janelle Monáe .
The film is dominated by the energetic and often moving performances of its three leads , and bolstered by the quieter but still excellent work of the supporting players .
Of the formidable threesome , it 's Monae who most stands out .
Hidden Figures may be the most entertaining civil rights movie I 've ever seen .
Despite admirable efforts from its high-powered cast , Hidden Figures takes a remarkable story and makes it feel the same as so many other movies .
We learn about a largely unknown venue of the civil rights movement , but we also gain a general appreciation for the Herculean task of getting the Mercury astronauts into space at all .
Hidden Figures is the rare true story-based historical drama that succeeds at being as inspirational and feel-good as it aspires to be .
An assertion of humanity and civil rights that is pure cinematic nourishment for soul .
A by-turns infuriating and rousing feel-good drama .
Brings to light a little-known facet of the American space program that simultaneously represents the best and the worst of what America had to offer at the time .
... in light of national pride and recent politics , it 's refreshing to see a film that shows individuals not only can work together but often enough had damn well better .
Not enough can be said about the effort Henson , Monáe or Spencer put in . The three have impeccable chemistry and build their characters from the ground up , indelibly .
Imagine The Help meets The Right Stuff and you get a very good sense of which buttons and emotional thrusters director Melfi is using to guide his plastic model of a moon rocket .
With its by-the-numbers storytelling , ` Hidden Figures ' has all the right stuff to enlighten the audience .
Hidden Figures succeeds where other movies have failed in making mathematical equations interesting .
It 's a good family film in the sense that it probably wo n't upset anyone , but it 's hard to escape the suspicion the real people on whose stories it is based deserve a more nuanced treatment .
The story that Hidden Figures tells is so irresistible that you can almost forgive the fact that the movie itself is resistibly unoriginal .
Considering it could be an inspirational calling card for girls and kids of all colors to brandish their smarts in the world of science and math , that only makes it all the better . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Square but rousing portrait of real-life figures who helped U.S. win Space Race . Great cast .
Underneath convention is an inspection of tremendous intelligence finding its place in the world , with the production valuing education and problem solving , which does n't come across the screen nearly enough .
In 2017 , when the country feels as angry and divided as ever , `` Hidden Figures '' becomes more than just a well-made , inspiring and rousing piece of entertainment . It becomes vital .
... an unabashedly feel-good movie , setting obstacles before its heroines and then showing their triumphs , while also offering the delights of a well-done period film .
Johnson , Vaughan and Jackson were trailblazers whose fight deserves to be heard , and `` Hidden Figures '' honors them by turning their story into an audience-pleaser .
A movie about great people is not the same thing as a great movie .
Hidden Figures soars in bringing their stories to light and it 's long past due .
Hidden Figures is triumphant in a way that can restore your faith in the dreams we can achieve in this nation if we all are willing to work together as one .
It 's clear that Hidden Figures is a story that demands to be told , and it 's a pity it was n't told better .
Hidden Figures celebrates the achievements of these accomplished women , not only as pioneers in the space race but also as heroes battling obstacles big and small .
Hidden Figures is exactly the type of movie that you think that it is . Only , it 's better at being that type of movie than you probably expected .
The film hews closely to the facts in important respects , and evokes the outrages of the Jim Crow era , as well as the feverish competition of the space race , through the fascinating work of its extraordinary heroines .
Hidden Figures is a mash-up of the space race and civil rights that serves both well .
`` Hidden Figures '' is more than just an inspirational history lesson . It does the vital service of bringing long-ignored figures out of hiding and making their case to the world .
This overeager , if oddly satisfying film details what it took for the U.S. to put a man in space at the height of the Cold War with Russia
`` Hidden Figures '' tells a singular story in textbook fashion , creating a conventional , feel-good , part-fictional history lesson that would fit in any high school .
It 's consistently good , very well acted , and it introduces us to a group of patriots previously overlooked .
Both a dazzling piece of entertainment and a window into history ...
This affecting story of reclaimed history is something to enjoy and celebrate with family members of all generations .
Solving institutional discrimination has proven to be harder than getting John Glenn to circle the globe . But Hidden Figures focuses on people , not numbers or policies or platitudes .
The story is compelling and the acting is very good in this historical drama about three women who succeeded in grand style against very long odds .
Hidden Figures is a crowd-pleaser in the purest sense - it 's a charming , heartwarming and inspirational tale that skillfully combines light-hearted comedy with racially-charged drama .
Director Theodore Melfi ... creates an atmosphere in which Johnson , Vaughan and Jackson must be twice as good as those around them simply to succeed .
Melfi tends to paint too much in the broad , amiable strokes of a triumph-of-the-week TV movie . But even his earthbound execution ca n't dim the sheer magnetic pull of an extraordinary story .
`` Hidden Figures '' is a feel-good film of incalculable charm .
Goes beyond calling out prejudice because `` it 's wrong '' and into its willfully ignorant blindness to bigger pictures of potential or accomplishment . It sees how cultural perseverance factors into much larger equations & earns inspirational bona fides .
Henson , Spencer and Monáe all bring spunk , sass and heart to a story that oozes inspiration and rings with righteous pride .
Executed with love and peopled with actors who breathe life into their characters ... `` Hidden Figures '' is precisely the delight it aims to be .
The film 's made with more heart than art and more skill than subtlety , and it works primarily because of the women that it portrays and the actresses who portray them .
Spencer gets most of the laughs , and Monáe has the showiest speeches , so they 've been nominated for most of the awards . But Henson has the hardest role : a prodigy ill-used by a society that barely knows she 's alive .
It 's both a vital and important piece of our history and a strikingly slapdash movie , clumsily executed and filled with scenes that are barely half-written , if that . These two facts can co-exist . One may matter more to you than the other .
A rousing , uplifting tribute to three unsung American heroes . Splendid performances give the film full power .
It might not leave an award-season mark , but its blend of heart , humor and history should score where it counts the most : at the box office , and in the minds of young viewers .
A triumph , that never feels like homework or a history lesson -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
... a beautifully crafted film ...
Could hardly be more historically important , culturally significant , or inspirational , and as a PG-rated film , it 's especially valuable as a STEM education boost for young girls .
Melfi never loses sight of his heroines ' dual struggle , as women and as black people . He encourages his actors to play on that duality with wisdom , anger , and a nuanced sort of farce .
... a rare glimpse of the black experience as it pertains to wider American history .
A potent film with strong performances that will bolster your belief that change can still be made with the right level of conviction .
Paint-by-numbers biopic about people who were almost beyond a shadow of a doubt more interesting than the film ever suggests .
Surprising and Uplifting
... a valuable history lesson with plenty of built-in drama that eventually takes off .
This untold story of African-American females who helped NASA conquer the cosmos features three incredible performances . Corny at times , sure , but you 'll still want to stand up and cheer .
This gloriously entertaining slice of American history will make you want to stand up and cheer . In many ways , it is just the movie we need right now .
Despite at least one counterfactual scene and a runtime far too long , it 's an interesting and intriguing tale and writer Margo Lee Slatterly , along with director Theodore Melfi , deserve a lot of plaudits for bringing the story to light .
Tells a genuinely compelling story , but does so in a fashion that too often feels artificial , even borderline sitcomish -LSB- though -RSB- it 's hard to resist the charm of the three lead actresses .
A worthwhile , teachable moment about the indignities suffered by three heroic NASA mathematicians simply because they had the misfortune to be black during the South 's shameful days of Jim Crow segregation .
This film is designed to rouse an audience , and I ca n't see how it can fail to do so . The heroines of this tale are both admirable and likable , what the movie may lack in nuance it makes up for in good will
a crowd-pleaser that pleases by tweaking formula in significant ways , even if the film subscribes to certain conventions .
This movie is as much about science-faction , as it is a tense racial drama and a light-hearted comedy . It 's an education film that should be mandatory viewing for the whole family .
Hidden Figures has a lot of fine lines to walk , and it does so with grace and grit equal to the trio of stellar performances from Henson , Spencer , and Monáe .
... it 's ultimately difficult to recall a more promising endeavor that so thoroughly squandered its various positive attributes .
Junior high and high school classes across the country should take field trips to see this movie .
Hidden Figures provides an example of determination and talent triumphing over an unfair and repressive system - something that ... has relevance beyond the decade or the century in which it transpires .
The film 's immensely agreeable real-life story has so much joy and energy , we 're willing to go the predictable distance .
Hidden Figures is charming , smart , capable , and uncompromising -- just like its subjects .
Ultimately , it is a very satisfying movie , with historical significance , and it is great to see these women finally get their due .
Heartwarming , inspiring .
Thoroughly entertaining with terrific performances all around .
Strong female characters spitting in Jim Crow 's eye . Hearkens back to the feel-good , morally-upright films of an earlier day .
-LSB- A -RSB- significant story , told well and with feeling .
For all that it tells a highly unusual story , Hidden Figures is a classic Hollywood feel-good movie .
Taraji P. Henson , Octavia Spencer and Janelle Monáe serve both history and the demands of popular entertainment with serious performances that also have a good sense of humour .
A distaff counterpart to The Right Stuff , this exuberant , inspiring drama tells the fact-based story of three black women who strove for upward mobility -- both professional and atmospheric .
I kept wishing director Theodore Melfi had approached his trio 's story with the respect it deserves . Instead , he keeps trying to make their struggle `` fun , '' chasing easy laughs and easy inspiration .
In broad but mostly satisfying terms , Hidden Figures celebrates the few African-American women who broke out of the West Area Computers building because their talent was no longer worth suppressing .
The it 's - about-damn-time true story that puts paid to the notion that only white men had the Right Stuff . Often funny , ultimately feel-good , hugely exhilarating .
Adding social issues to its many inspirational themes , Hidden Figures equals one satisfying slice of history that 'll entertain adults as well as kids looking to the stars .
Like the calculating women whose lives it celebrates , `` Hidden Figures '' knows what it 's doing .
There is something to be said for a well-told tale with a clear moral and a satisfying emotional payoff .
... pays worthy tribute to their brilliance and determination in the face of overwhelming social odds , and does so in a way that engages emotionally .
This is old-fashioned storytelling at its best : a tear-jerker and a feel-good movie all in one .
As a reminder of what can happen when Americans pull together behind a collective and ambitious cause , it 's welcome , a rejoinder to the great strife and division that permeates the national mood today .
This movie adroitly portrays the sheer waste and inefficiency of racism and misogyny . Just think how much has been lost , the movie suggests , over centuries of depriving ourselves of the brains , talents and leadership of more than half our population ?
`` Hidden Figures '' is a fairly entertaining gloss of a docudrama elevated by its cast .
`` Hidden Figures '' may be a thoroughly upbeat , entertaining movie , but it 's too smart to sugarcoat the truth about race relations in America - past or present .
The miracle lies in how the film gently touches on some of the most intractable social problems addressed by the civil rights movement , while maintaining an infectiously buoyant vibe - not to mention a bouncy soundtrack .
Inspiring true story of African-American women at NASA .
Timeliness should n't ever be a mark for excellence . But the barndoor broad `` Hidden Figures '' would likely be entertaining at any time .
I expect that anyone can find inspiration in the script 's attention to the small , concrete steps real people make to create change .
The film aims for the stars but might have gone stratospheric if it cooled its jets ever so slightly .
Hidden Figures does a remarkable job demonstrating that women may all want different things but all desire opportunity .
It is in essence a feature-length version of an inspiring social media image macro , or perhaps a Google Doodle .
Taraji P. Henson , Octavia Spencer and Janelle Monáe are irresistible -LRB- and unstoppable -RRB- in this engaging story of pioneering black female mathematicians at NASA .
`` Hidden Figures '' provides a fresh angle on how demeaning , demoralizing and crazy it was to live in an era of officially sanctioned white supremacy , one that people had grown used to pretending was perfectly normal .
Theodore Melfi has a light touch not often found in dramas like this , which makes the material all the more effective .
Henson , Spencer and Monae all excel , conveying the intensity and worthiness of these women 's ambitions , even as they deal , almost in a matter of fact way , with obstacles that are maddening .
For all of its current touchstones , Hidden Figures feels far too late , both in the recognition these women deserve and the filmmakers ' goodhearted but dull approach to their stories .
A crucial episode of the nineteen-sixties , centered on both the space race and the civil-rights struggle , comes to light in this energetic and impassioned drama .
An accomplished and deftly executed movie that entertains , engages and earns your time , money and attention .
It has a few slow patches but the sheer volume of material it covers means there 's always something worth paying attention to .
Here 's a crowd-pleaser that hits all the predictable notes , but you wo n't mind .
Uplifting true story , delivering an inspiring message of hope ...
An inspiring story that had to be told - and finally has been . Superb acting all around and a remarkable tale make this a big winner .
The worthy upbeat historical film on the early pioneers of NASA never fails to point out how courageous and saintly were its three black protagonists . .
This inspirational story of three brilliant women is like a bright ray of hope breaking out from the pre-Civil Rights South .
Hidden Figures is sensational , spirited and necessary . It reminds us not only where we 've been , but how far we still have to go , and gives us signs of hope and direction .
Although it looks like a movie machine-tooled to ride the wave of #OscarsSoWhite backlash , its actual ambitions seem far more modest : to entertain a lot , to educate a bit and to cheerlead pretty much constantly .
This is the movie America needs right now .
Real history rendered with Hollywood -LRB- fictional -RRB- flourishes , but never less than uplifting and entertaining
An Erin Brockovich-type feel-good biopic about 3 female African-American NASA math-wizard engineers who saved the 1960s Apollo rocket program and contributed to Civil Rights .
Some sparkling performances and an inviting milieu ca n't completely overcome the bland trappings of a feel-good message movie . Everything in `` Hidden Figures '' is smoothly efficient but also a little anticlimactic and friction-less .
The central characters ' dogged refusal to cede their places on a team that keeps trying to reject them is a moving display of heroism .
`` Hidden Figures '' is empowerment cinema at its most populist , and one only wishes that the film had existed at the time it depicts - though ongoing racial tensions and gender double-standards suggest that perhaps we have n't come such a long way , baby .
Boy , is it a crowd pleaser
With spunky determination and spirit , Melfi 's film manages to calculate the path to a winning formula that succeeds .
The highlights of `` Hidden Figures '' are in the two show-stopping performances of musical artist turned actress Janelle Monae and Academy Award winner Kevin Costner .
Feel-good history , but it works , and it works on behalf of heroes from a cinematically under-served community . These smart , accomplished women had the right stuff , and so does this movie .
With an air of optimism and hope for the future , Hidden Figures is a balm for the current political landscape , inspiring audiences to stand up for their ideals and continue striving forward .
Great story and powerful performances in a film that dramatizes a neglected aspect of the Civil Rights movement .

@highlight

In heartwarming , crowd-pleasing fashion , Hidden Figures celebrates overlooked -- and crucial -- contributions from a pivotal moment in American history .