Devil is n't really scary , the acting stinks , and it 's not that clever , but you can rest knowing that the culprit is n't a hand puppet .
A taut , expert and engrossing thriller with sense of visual restraint that is refreshing in this age of abhorrent overexposure .
Devil features nothing new , exciting or suspenseful . Instead , it gives us shallowly developed characters and an ultimately forgettable story .
M. Night Shyamalan at his most messianic -- he just takes too long to get to the frights .
The characters are unlikable and annoying but the suspense built up is very real , making `` Devil '' a thriller worth checking out .
It always makes me apprehensive to see a movie that was not screened for critics in advance . `` Devil '' looked like it could have been an interesting film , but -LSB- it turns out -RSB- the lack of faith was justified .
Although it doubtless will find more success in the DVD market , on the big screen Devil makes for bland viewing .
Nonsensical to the point that every element does n't hold up to the least bit of scrutiny .
This movie 's job was to whip up a little fear and/or suspense , but it must have escaped through a crack in the elevator doors .
Circling wildly within the film 's main set -- a stalled elevator car -- or hurtling up and down an empty shaft , Mr. Fujimoto 's camera is as giddy as a tween at a Justin Bieber concert .
Un ejercicio de suspenso sobrenatural bastante efectivo , sobre todo en su primera parte , aunque lleno de lugares comunes más bien irritantes . Y , sobre todo , con la reiterada pretensión evangelizadora que inunda el cine de M. Night Shyamalan ...
-LSB- M -RSB- ost of its promise is squandered through inept scripting and a failure to indulge a self-aware enthusiasm for its B-movie concept .
An effective locked-in-the-box thriller .
An excellent and often intense peak in to the battle of good and evil ...
For a small package , it conjures up some effective ideas and scares , as well as some terrific atmospheric moments .
A small scale but modestly effective broken elevator thriller that is more Agatha Christie than Alfred Hitchcock .
Devil is pretty obvious in its intentions , with not-so-subtle religious metaphors spread throughout , but the film delivers enough thrills and chills to keep audiences entertained .
Holy mother of god : behold the first M Night Shyamalan-associated film in the last 4 years that does n't utterly blow .
M. NIGHT Shyamalan has churned out a few stinkers of late , but his new thriller Devil could mark his return to form .
Devil is an engrossing mesh of Catholic philosophy and supernatural thrills .
Though the poster bravely boasts this movie as being `` from the mind of M Night Shyamalan '' , Devil is actually not an over-long , near-unwatchable piece of badly directed high-concept dross , but a tight little killer thriller .
Entertaining , spirited mystery which mercifully avoids the grisly path , but loses its way in simplified sermons .
The movie has Shyamalan all over it - and not in a good way .
It 's voyeuristic and compelling .
I 'm not sure which sentence sounds more like the set up for a joke : ` Five people walk into an elevator ... ' or ` A new film from the mind of M. Night Shyamalan ' .
If there 's a market out there for small-scale , efficient , moderately creepy thrillers , then a Night Chronicles series could work -- right up to the moment Shyamalan starts coming up with those lame twist endings again .
Tense , overheated but played rigorously straight , Devil is exactly what you want from a B-movie .
When Devil tries to be scary , however , it more-or-less succeeds .
Despite a terrific premise and strong performances , this chiller is let down by its ineffective build-up and trite conclusion .
O problema de Shyamalan não reside exatamente na espiral de mediocridade na qual mergulhou nos últimos dez anos , mas em acreditar que a inteligência de seu público afundou ao lado de seu discernimento .
A few creepy ideas and excellent direction make this short , sharp horror flick reasonable entertainment for lovers of the genre .
full review at Movies for the Masses
... a better-than-average thriller that 's ultimately quite a bit more effective than Shyamalan 's last few directorial efforts .
It?s possible the devil is at work here , if it?s a demonic plan to damn movie audiences to a purgatory of boredom .
... the movie does have its unpleasant pleasures ...
A clever and dark little tale of horror with an entertaining ` whodunit ' aspect to it .
Because the prospect of being trapped in an elevator is so naturally frightening for many of us , ` Devil ' obviously underachieves .
A modest and sometimes silly but fun thriller ; the killings are ingeniously crafted so that the deaths occur offscreen , which does n't lessen their impact .
Any fan of detective fiction will tell you that for a locked-room drama to work , you ca n't let anyone , including the reader , exit the locked room .
`` Devil '' is Effectively Creepy but Still has M. Night 's Shaky Take on Faith and Religion .
Shyamalan 's story is sound , but the execution dragged me to hell and left me there wondering if his much-rumored sequel to Unbreakable was ever going to arrive .
There 's nothing special about the picture , but after a string of notorious flops , it 's surprising to see Shyamalan involved with a film that 's at least watchable .
Like a Goosebumps adaptation for semi-adults . This creature 's not scary or gory enough for anyone over 15 but takes a few stabs at notions of revenge , guilt and forgiveness . Then shrugs , folds up its wings and screeches back off into the darkness .
While the script throws a few spiritual contrivances our way , it 's a fun and tense watch and a promising start for the ` Shyamalan Presents ' marque .
Devil really is n't that bad .
There 's an old belief in TV series production circles that if you 're doing a stuck-in-an-elevator episode before Season 4 , it 's a telltale sign you 've run fresh out of ideas .
From a director who 's had a devil of a time lately comes a `` Twilight Zone '' - ish horror movie .
Shyamalan 's fingerprints are all over this gimmicky supernatural thriller , that comes with his usual third act twist .
A Night Gallery reject worth experiencing only to gape at a `` spirituality '' that falls somewhere between Dostoyevsky and Jack Chick , and to laugh that such daring feats of narrative illogic were undertaken with a straight face .
The movie is n't unwatchable , but it 's certainly a few jolts shy of the scream fest it wants to be .
Do n't be fooled by the melodramatic speechifying -LRB- or that unfortunate voiceover -RRB- -- this film offers sly winks aplenty beneath the good-and-evil bluster .
This is the sort of cut-rate cinematic Cheez Whiz that gives religious horror movies a bad name . Still , at least it 's not The Last Airbender .
The relatively unknown cast delivers solid performances all round , and director John Erick Dowdle keeps things interesting and well paced .
DEVIL is actually superior to any of Shyamalan 's recent directorial outings even as it recycles themes and ideas from his earlier works .
A surprisingly suspenseful and entertaining film , it is Shyamalan 's best in a while .
The great cinematographer Tak Fujimoto has the time of his life on this low-budget horror feature , playing with dolly shots , abrupt zooms , and negative space inside the widescreen frame , and the fun is infectious .
Do n't let the Shyamalan snickering sway you from seeing this in theaters . You 're bound to see it on DVD or cable down the line and regret that it took you that long to discover how good of a film it actually is .
At best a cheesy , unsatisfying thriller and , at worst , a waste of time .
a much better film than it will be given credit for , which is a shame , particularly in an era in which horror films increasingly focus on trendy nihilistic pointlessness
Shockingly , the whole thing probably would 've been better off if Shyamalan himself had been involved beyond conception and producing .
If this is the start of the series , then bring on more of The Night Chronicles , because Devil is great fun without any pretense , and the best thing Night 's name has been on in years .
There are a great many examples of `` no '' in DEVIL ... No suspense . No scares . No originality . No fun . No reason to bestir oneself to see it .
-LSB- V -RSB- eers from the intensely banal ... to the impossibly ludicrous ...
Who 's the devil in the elevator ? I vote for the guy who farts or the rugrat who considers the pressing of fifty buttons indistinguishable from play .
A modestly entertaining chiller , one that momentarily halts M Night Shyamalan 's career tailspin .
Devil packs a lot of business into 80 brisk minutes but is shockingly short on fun or fright .
Devil deserves the attention it 's likely to never receive .
Devil is guaranteed to keep you on tenterhooks from beginning to end -- and without much gore .
Its disposable nature belies a much better film lurking in there somewhere .
It 's a good concept with five strangers stuck in an elevator with bad things happening . Unfortunately , the devil is included every step of the way .
promising but stunted
If M.Night Shyamalan 's name as the originator of the film 's story is n't enough to alert would-be viewers to its tritely clichéd aspirations , then suffering through this pap should do the trick of keeping those poor souls away from his work forever more .
Devil is nothing very special or original , but it gets the job done briskly and economically .
Its overall slightness as a chiller only stresses that this was material unworthy of a notorious control freak filmmaker 's undivided attention .
A Sunday school parable wrapped in an adequately nail-biting supernatural thriller , Devil uses its triteness to its advantage .
Enjoyable , well acted supernatural thriller that does exactly what it says on the tin and is nowhere near as bad as its lack of press screenings would suggest .
Devil 's low-grade hokum would be hard enough to stomach without the spiritual component ; confining half the action to a small space where everyone 's a suspect mostly results in characters looking shifty and shouting accusations at each other .
Taut and slickly directed , Devil is actually one of the more solid genre movies we 've seen all year .
It 's not a great film . But it held my interest throughout and released me at just the right time . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
A capably directed murder mystery in confined spaces .
At least this time Dowdle has an excuse -- ` Shyamalan made me do it . '
A horror flick by way of a `` gimmick thriller , '' with a few dashes of Irwin Allen and Agatha Christie thrown in for flavor .
A pocket-size supernatural thriller that plays a bit like Agatha Christie 's Ten Little Indians retold by an unstable Sunday School teacher .
Ultimately , the fact it 's all down to the , um , Devil , means all the other characters ' dark secrets that come to light are a bit pointless .
I do not understand the hatred for Shyamalan . Yes , he has trouble directing actors but Devil is a very intriguing idea executed in a relatively mediocre fashion .
A taut , psycho-supernatural chiller with an elegantly simple premise : Five strangers , trapped in the elevator of a highrise , start to go nuts .
On paper it 's a ridiculous premise , but in execution works surprisingly well . At the very least , you 've never seen another film quite like it .
This office building had so many employees . Not just the people renting office space , but a security staff , cleaning crew and maintenance . How are we having an economic crisis when there are so many jobs available in every skyscraper ?
Moves over the line from kind of creepy to kind of stupid . It never recovers , and the last act is sadly unsatisfying .
Overall , ` The Devil ' is a roller coast ride of hits and misses , and unfortunately , with Shyamalan 's fan appeal at basement level these days , the filmmakers ' efforts will not be recognized .
Shyamalan has instead indulged his moldy sense of protracted mischief , providing pedestrian thrills to fans who 'll see every turn of this feature coming a mile away .
Starts with a great idea and then does little with it . Devil goes through the one-note motions and ultimately becomes something no horror movie should be : boring . Those main credits , though -- what a doozy .
With no characters worth caring about , a heavy reliance on a final-act twist , and absolutely no sense of suspense , `` Devil '' completely blows the chance to build on what could have been an effective story .



@highlight

It 's better than many of the other films M. Night Shyamalan has been associated with , but Devil never gets more than a few low-budget thrills out of its fiendishly promising premise .