This might have worked better as a television episode or a short film , but as a feature , it 's merely another one of those overly-long films where the audience must wait around in silence for the same conclusion we 've seen countless times .
A conventional yet entertaining romantic comedy ...
Bateman and Aniston are fine but do n't have any real chemistry together , whilst the direction is flat and rather uninteresting . It has the occasional good moment , but `` The Switch '' fails to push any buttons . Or , indeed , pull any switches .
despite a novel plot device , The Switch is a disappointingly formulaic film and at times quite soulless .
A misjudged lightness of tone and a predictable structure neuter the neuroticism and strange maliciousness of this Jennifer Aniston/Jason Bateman rom-com .
Despite a strong cast and technical specs , The Switch remains another easily disposable entertainment built out of the rubble of a promising literary prospect .
You have to overlook a whole lot of guff in order to enjoy the slight but pleasurable entertainment of The Switch .
Directors Josh Gordon and Will Speck find some heart and wit in the screenplay , and they draw a strong performance from Bateman , who?s funny and sympathetic as the lovelorn Wally .
I would describe this movie first as sweet , then as funny - though the funny is definitely present , either dry and sly , or big and farcical . It 's definitely a movie worth checking out .
Another week , another Jennifer Aniston rom-com . This one 's passable , but saddled with a problematic central plot device .
Aniston still has a winning way with a comic line although it is really Bateman who carries the film , yet even his understated performance is consistently upstaged by young Robinson .
As pleasant as a daylight stroll across Central Park in the summer .
On some level , Wally is acting out on his deep feelings , and what he 's doing to his `` friend '' is a violation of her dignity not far removed from rape .
One of the main problems here is that there is zero chemistry between the two leads -- and we 're not given any real reason to root for them to get together .
Let down by inconsistent characterisation and finally ending in gloopy sentimentality and silliness .
Aniston has wasted herself on some pretty thankless roles recently , but she is exactly right for this movie .
It strains to portray a progressive modern woman , but Aniston 's role is the weakest link .
There 's an interesting story in there somewhere about nature and nurture , and the pros and cons of being clever or merely good-looking .
Despite winning turns by Lewis and an on-form Goldblum , the laughs are in short supply .
There 's much to enjoy , if not quite enough to disguise the film 's essential awkwardness in trying to cover too many bases .
There are some good lines , especially from the supporting cast including Jeff Goldblum and Juliette Lewis , and enough moving and witty touches , despite the contrived and predictable plot .
Co-helmers Josh Gordon and Will Speck do n't just distort the original intention of Eugenides 's story , they force it kicking and screaming into a romantic comedy mould .
One wonders how much more of these kinds of films Aniston can make .
This is exactly the kind of role that suits Jen down to the ground . As Kassie , she 's dead funny , deeply watchable and hugely likeable . It 's just a shame there 's not more of her .
Surprisingly likeable relationship comedy-drama , enlivened by terrific performances from Jason Bateman , Jeff Goldblum and young Thomas Robinson ...
Jason Bateman plays the reserved guy we 're used to by now , but he has so much charisma his character Wally is effortlessly watchable , and the best thing about the film .
Mildly entertaining , but there 's no reason not to wait for the DVD .
The movie does n't suck . Which is not to say it 's great , but thanks to a wonderfully nuanced performance by Bateman , it is surprisingly moving in spots ...
A movie that , based on its premise , has absolutely no business being as good as it is . An affecting and very entertaining father-son story .
Is n't without its moments , but any time Aniston and Bateman push at something more honest and truthful , the film purposefully snaps back into standard rom-com mode .
At its best , The Switch plays against expectations .
An attractive and talented cast is utterly wasted in this insipid alleged comedy .
... the movie has its charms , mostly thanks to the star chemistry of Aniston and Bateman .
You know within five minutes of the start exactly where The Switch is heading , but getting there is still a surprisingly entertaining journey .
Jennifer Aniston finally hits paydirt with a cleverly written rom-com about a broody single woman who turns to the turkey baster .
So annoying I wanted to throw a turkey baster at it .
In The Switch , Bateman plays a not-so-romantic lead who sometimes makes you want to shake him . And still , he 's never been so appealing .
The Switch is rare among recent romantic comedies in that it 's built around a resonant love story . Just not the love story you 'd expect .
Bateman shines in tired plot
A Bateman-Aniston farce based on a Jeffrey Eugenides short story - and it works , mostly
The Switch sets some kind of record in the creepy-premise category : It 's about a guy who woos a girl by sneaking his sperm into her uterus . Now , that 's romantic .
Bateman turns the standard leading male archetype on its head .
Wisely the emphasis is on Jason Bateman and Thomas Robinson and not Jennifer Aniston
Sorry tabloid readers . At no time does Jennifer ` Womb Watch ' Aniston growl , `` Take that , Brad . ''
The Switch is a labored comedy about a woman who hears her biological clock ticking and decides to have a baby through artificial insemination .
The Switch is nasty and mean , a disgusting movie made all the more disgusting by how flippant it is ...
A real switch would have been to draw some real characters and let them dictate the story instead of plugging good actors into a tired formula .
A walkout-bad , ` bait and switch ' rip-off bearing less resemblance to Juno or Little Miss Sunshine than to terrible TV sitcoms revolving around the shopworn ` one big lie ' plot device .
A slightly more serious take on the rom-com , this film benefits hugely from its likeable cast even though the script lets frequently them down .
Robinson is the only saving grace of the movie , stealing every scene that he appears in . He almost salvages this wreck that fails to pass muster and should have gone straight to ...
If you saw the trailers , you know everything there is to know about the plot of this pale and lifeless romantic comedy .
It 's indie-Bateman against Hollywood-Aniston . And for the most part , Bateman wins . It 's shocking an idea this absurd can work , but it 's funny and charming .
Good intentions plagued by mediocrity .
You know from the first few minutes what 's going to happen by the end of The Switch , and getting to that final reveal turns out not to be worth the wait .
Jeff Goldblum was The Fly before Aniston was slumming under the rainbow in Leprechaun and Bateman stood in Valerie 's family photos . Goldblum can wear the same purple shirt in every scene if he wants to ...
Did none of the filmmakers -- or the -LRB- mostly women -RRB- viewers at my screening -- not realize that Wally 's action of implanting his unwanted sperm into Kassie qualifies as a form of rape ? We 're supposed to cheer Wally on -- should n't he be going to jail ?
Quirky and implausible , it 's a formulaic and utterly predictable romance .
The only problem with this Jennifer Aniston rom-com is , well , Jennifer Aniston .
Just because a star 's personal life makes for engrossing , if deceptive reading , does n't mean their movies are anywhere nearly as entertaining .
Not bad bad as the poster makes it out to be , but not good either .
suffused with a piquant sense of melancholia ... it makes its points with sly precision and a wicked sense of humor
The Switch proves Jason Bateman should headline more features - and that we do n't need another sperm donor comedy .
t 's worth noting at this point that in real life , a good number of people , most of them doctors , have gone to jail for fraudulently inseminating women .
There are n't enough surprises to justify the title , but The Switch produces sufficient light for a late-summer diversion .
Heartfelt and occasionally funny albeit unsurprising and somewhat contrived . Newcomer Thomas Henderson steals the show in the best performance by a child actor in recent memory .
There 's not enough RU-486 in the world to make this movie stop existing .
Do women desirous of offspring actually throw `` I 'm Getting Pregnant '' parties at which their chosen sperm donor arrives bearing baby juice in a plastic cup ?
Perverse gender politics are at play here in this insemination fantasy about a man hijacking a woman 's uterus in a long play to win her heart .
The comedy itself suffers from awkward scheduling . Though this is n't its only wrinkle .
A showcase throughout for -LSB- Bateman 's -RSB- remarkably wry charm and surprisingly potent frustration .
It 's not a bad film , really , just sort of average . But Bateman is so good in it -- natural , funny , yet full of real emotion -- that you immediately want to see him again in a better film .
Aside from the fact that it 's all too entirely predictable , The Switch is a pleasant enough end-of-the-summer time killer .
This New York-based comedy directed by Josh Gordon and Will Speck distinguishes itself with three-dimensional characters and an engaging storyline .
The Switch is a romantic comedy that presents a rare surprise : it wo n't make you want to scoop out your eyes with a soup ladle .
Despite a relatively predictable plot and inconsistent pacing , The Switch scores thanks to a good balance of humor and heart .
Amiable fluff that takes its time learning how to walk , talk , and generally act like the kid-centric rom-com that it is .
OK romcom centers on sperm donation , single parenthood .
For Bateman -LRB- adeptly mixing melancholia with humor -RRB- , Goldblum , and a boy whose talents have n't been since the young Jonathan Lipnicki ... pregnant pause here ... this film bears watching .
Evolves from an uneasy romantic comedy into a surprisingly tender and generous love story about fathers and sons as well as men and women ...
The chemistry between Jason Bateman and a grave , sweet child actor gives ` The Switch ' a little melancholy magic you might not expect , what with its sitcom-y plot and dialogue .
Likable cast wasted in a dopey comedy . But hey , at least it has the first head-lice-removal instructional montage in romcom history .
The Switch is a wonderfully cute flick that builds realistic chemistry between a father and son . Jason Bateman and Thomas Robinson have amazing emotional arcs .
A warm , quirkily observant film , strengthened by some appealing performances and a low-key , easygoing vibe .
The Switch is so incredibly aptly named , not simply for its plot , but for the fact that it offers what appears to be a somewhat raunchy romantic comedy and instead hands you a touching , charming , well written story about fatherhood and love .
Tries to be more than a sitcom but keeps falling back on cheap laughs .
With so much working against the film , it 's a genuine surprise when you find yourself entertained anyway , thanks to the strong comedic leads .
It 's Judd Apatow lite , Farrelly brothers special blend . Just call it When Harry Met Sally and Her Ovum .
The surprise in The Switch is that the star of the movie is Jason Bateman , not Jennifer Aniston . It 's a good surprise .
The truly dusty cliché it drags out again is the cute couple who do n't , you know , think-of-each-other-like-that . Until , of course , they do .
The first third of The Switch , directed by Josh Gordon and Will Speck , is so bizarre that it leads you to wonder if , through some miraculous lack of oversight , the movie will blaze an unpredictable path . No such luck .
Thoroughly entertaining .
It 's not horrible and it has the sense to make the most of Bateman 's talents , but it 's awfully hard to relate to people who ca n't figure out Clark Kent is Superman wearing glasses .
The Switch is built like a romantic comedy , except that there 's no romance -- and precious little comedy , for that matter .
It does n't pull off the elaborate juggling act , but hey , points for trying .
Another in a recent line of romcoms eager to get us laughing all the way to the sperm bank , and then to the infant dividends beyond .
The best Jennifer Aniston film opening this month -LRB- Is it me , or has she been in a half-dozen films in the past two years ? -RRB- , `` The Switch '' is mighty predictable . But sometimes rank predictability , like greed , can be a good thing .
I know I 'm the first one to complain about how Hollywood needs to give us something we have n't seen before , but if this is the result , please give me 3 more Freddy Krueger movies and a remake of Gilligan 's Island starring Zac Efron .
Do n't be fooled by misleading advertising or even your own preconceptions . It turns out The Switch is a heck of a wonderful film . Once the film gets beyond its ridiculous set-up , it hits a poignant stride few will see coming .
At its heart , it 's really not that different from a regular romantic comedy . Well , except that it 's funny .
Shaggy and likable , but not lovable , The Switch is the rare romantic comedy that 's actually about and made for adults .
What the movie needed was a sense of mischief and a dose of darkness -- the concept practically begged for it , and Bateman stood ready to deliver .
so unimaginative and formula-driven ... that it seems entirely to have been hashed out by executives over a long lunch .
The pairing of Bateman and young Robinson makes ` The Switch ' warm , entertaining and funny enough . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
An exchange of bodily fluids reproductive romance mixing sperm samples , sexual amnesia and lip service pseudo-feminist attitudes in support of single moms , while shunning any controversy with hinting how damaged those sons without a dad around can be .
Let 's all agree that comedies based around sperm banks or sperm donations should be banned from our fair shores forever
A spiffy romantic comedy about secrets , friendship , love , nurturing , and the human race .
... the best romantic comedy to come down the pike in some time .
While its conceit seemingly augurs another comedy of anarchic male ribaldry , the title of The Switch actually plays two ways since its atypicality is its biggest blessing .
The sadness comes from the audience 's sense that inside this slick , conventional romantic comedy there 's a tender , scruffy little movie struggling to get out .
The film is not comedic enough to be considered a comedy , not dramatic enough to be a drama , not romantic enough to be a romance , and not believable enough to be a slice-of-life .
Taken on its own terms , it 's a light , sweet , curiously enjoyable misfit romance , whose real star is not Aniston but her magnificently awkward Lothario , Jason Bateman .
A shaky first act settles down into an involving latter two-thirds , mostly due to the subtle comedy of Jason Bateman and a fantastic performance from newcomer Thomas Henderson .
A surprisingly heartfelt comedy that succeeds thanks to the great chemistry between Jason Bateman and newcomer Thomas Robinson .
Aniston and Bateman each bring a rare Bordeaux , and the writers bring Spam on white bread . You can skip the picnic or show up and have a glass of wine .
Unfortunately , this latest ho-hum rom-com from Hollywood 's industrial commissary comes out half-baked despite noble efforts by two undeniably likable stars who try to rescue it from mediocrity .
Did n't Jennifer Lopez play essentially the same role this year in The Back-Up Plan ? Only in the movies are glamorous , 40ish single women leaping into single parenthood via sperm donation .
The story is boosted by some decent acting and a few genuine laughs , but not enough to justify the cost of a theater ticket .
More his journey than hers , more satire than slapstick , the film is that rare example of rom-com about men , which turns out to be a nice switch indeed .
Thanks to Bateman 's truly winning performance as a bit of a loser , `` The Switch '' manages to earn our laughter and our respect in equal measure .
Aniston and Bateman find a funny chemistry together , and the film 's bemusing setup unfolds with wit and charm . As 6-year-old Sebastian , Thomas Robinson steals every scene he 's in .
Goldblum and Lewis are so strong one wishes an implied attraction in the film 's final scene had been taken a step further ... slam dunk Bateman/Robinson teaming make it fun and even touching .
The Jason Bateman film his fans have been waiting for .
Bateman is good at playing this sort of man-child . Aniston is on cruise control , though she 's not awful .
Allan Loeb wrote the script . Josh Gordon and Will Speck directed . What they 've done is concoct something gimmicky and banal .
There 's zero heat between Aniston and Bateman ; what synthetic feelings the film does generate involve the father/son relationship .
Turns out it 's hard to make one man swapping his sperm for another 's seem cute , as much as The Switch tries .
Far more surprising than the blinding preposterousness of The Switch 's opening passages is the fact that the film smoothly recovers to become a passable character-driven rom-com .
Bateman 's character annoyingly embodies all of the cliches from the man-child meets real-child genre , the cliches that `` The Kids Are All Right '' so successfully debunked .
Despite poignant source material and timely issues , The Switch is a formulaic , verbose , predictable romantic comedy , lacking wit .
Though the scenes between Bateman and Robinson ca n't redeem the implausible premise or the disagreeable first act , they do give the second half some affecting moments .
Marketed as a comedy about a woman taking charge of her life ... offers up a woman whose life apparently is n't worth exploring until she finds a father for her son .
The Switch squeezes fresh laughs out of what is , in essence , a rather startlingly post-Freudian , nature-trumps-nurture view of child development .
Suffers from screenplay-speak and sluggish pacing . I kept waiting for one genuine moment . Aniston lacks presence and motivation . She 's an extra in her own film .
A textbook case of Hollywood chauvinism .
The film offers few - make that no - surprises . What almost saves it is the acting .
Boosted by efforts from Jennifer Aniston and especially Jason Bateman , who bring an unbelievable amount of personality to a potentially virulent comedy .
All you can do is sit there , loathing these characters , waiting for them to learn the truth and wishing to be somewhere else .
I wish it were great , but `` pretty good '' puts it ahead of plenty of recent romantic comedies . Puh-LEN-ty .
The set-up alone has some of the funniest semen humor since There 's Something About Mary .
A formulaic rom-com with some sharp dialogue and a solid performance from a six-year-old .
Bateman and Aniston have no chemistry , and the movie 's most entertaining moments come from Jeff Goldblum in the thankless supportive-friend role .
All that 's good about The Switch is undermined by the need to conform to romantic comedy standards and by the predictable performance of a miscast Jennifer Aniston .
Trite without any surprises . Hollywood make-believe with mean-spirited people . Thomas Robinson is the scene-stealing star .
The best Jennifer Aniston movie in ages is actually a star vehicle for Jason Bateman . And Aniston 's work opposite the screen 's premiere mild-mannered funnyman shows her at her most engaged and pitch perfect .
Marvel at the desperate spectacle of three comic leads ... being outperformed by the wide-eyed Robinson , a quiet collector of silences .
This one is played in broad , sitcommy fashion , utterly divorced from the way people behave in real life .
Saddled with the responsibility of carrying the film , Bateman acquits himself admirably .
Once you get past a shaky premise , the comedy does blossom in this Jennifer Aniston-Jason Bateman rom-com .
An unfunny , manipulative romance about two unlikable people and their prop of a son , the pic mangles the premise of its source material .

@highlight

The Switch has an interesting premise and a charming cast ; unfortunately , it also has a trite script that hews too close to tired rom-com formulas .