Michel Gondry 's overactive imagination alone makes the film worth seeing .
More amazing work from Gondry . If you 're interested in a basic narrative , look away ; if you prize inventive filmmaking , do n't miss it .
The Science Of Sleep is truly a delight at times , a startlingly original piece of work that 's not as accessible as Eternal Sunshine but is every bit as magnificent when in full flow .
It 's kind of weird and very French , but do n't let that scare you . The Science of Sleep is well worth your time .
A nightmare
It 's not that The Science of Sleep is a terrible film . It 's not . It 's just that it does n't operate properly and there 's nothing worse than seeing a film in which obvious design and potential is ultimately unfulfilled .
Something like a Luis Bunuel film , but with politics replaced by fashion . It is , essentially , a hipster wet dream .
A visual treat from beginning to end .
A wondrously baffling jigsaw puzzle where dreams and reality struggle to find a fit , The Science of Sleep is the dream you wish you could have , if you could only remember it
A creative , original work by a filmmaker with a fantastic visual flair who refuses to stick to any typical cinematic patterns , even if it 's sometimes to a fault .
The Science of Sleep is Gondry 's loosest , most confident movie journey into the imaginative mind .
Another comic love story that takes us inside a character 's psyche , but Kaufman 's rock-solid jokes are replaced by whimsy .
Gondry always manages to maintain a childlike wonder in the magic of creating a moving image , and never is it more evident than in this film .
It 's whimsical to the point of maddening . Bernal does his best , but there 's only so much fawning any man can get away with .
It 's all lovely to look at , but becomes progressively wearisome .
Dreams are easy to invent , and as easy to forget . The real challenge is to invent stories that have a stake in logic as well as truth .
A thwarted love story that does not trade in the degraded cliches either of romance or conventional sexiness .
There 's a very thin line between amusingly quirky and just plain pretentious . I 'd say this falls somewhere in the middle .
As the movie progresses , we 're presented with one of the best portrayals of the innate awkwardness of first love I can ever remember seeing .
Beautifully directed , charmingly surreal and genuinely romantic , this is the perfect offbeat date movie and easily one of the best films of the year .
In the moment , Gondry and Bernal almost manage to give quirky a good name .
Mischievous and magical , Gondry 's bizarro movie offers visual pearl after visual pearl but no string to tie them together . Où est Kaufman ?
It suffers occasionally from self-consciousness and over-indulgence in its own oddity , but Gondry 's grasp of emotion and visuals is enchanting . Even if he seems several sandwiches short of a picnic .
Credit should be shared with the leads ; together they 're silly , giddy , irrepressibly inventive - a lot like the film itself .
I 'm not sure I would have recommended it in the theater % u2013 where you 're paying full ticket price and therefore expect a cohesive experience % u2013 but on DVD it 's worth a look .
Although it has its moments to delight the eye , in the end the movie is neither very cerebral nor very charming but more like weird and wayward .
THE SCIENCE OF SLEEP has some magical moments , butjust as the protagonist struggles with finding a place that can integrate his dream life with reality , the movie fights against itself and eventually leaves the audience as the loser .
Suffers from weak character development and mashed plot continuity , but offers a handfull of beautiful , fresh imagery to make up for it .
A viewer can admire and be amused by what Gondry 's doing without ever really connecting emotionally with the film .
Instinctively and ecstatically captures the freeflowing , stream-of-association nature of the cluttered unconscious mind .
A sweet , charming , stylish movie that reflects well on the magnificent career of Michel Gondry
Un spectacle extravagant dont même les quelques imperfections respirent la grandeur d'un cinéaste qui se trouve toujours en pleine possession de ses moyens .
Gondry manages to keep his balance for most of the film , deriving humor and pathos from Stéphane 's difficulties with his waking life .
Navel-gazing director Michel Gondry -LRB- `` Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind '' -RRB- wears his developmentally arrested heart on his sleeve , on his pants , and on his forehead in the most self-indulgent movie of 2006 .
Writer/director Michael Gondry bets his film that the viewer will be so engrossed in his characters and images , they will not mind having the rug pulled form under them time and again . He loses that bet .
The Science of Sleep , his latest effort , continues in the same singular direction as its predecessors ; simultaneously confounding , fascinating and enchanting , the movie does not quite find the populist pulse that did its predecessor , but as the fir
... . wacky and tacky fantasy film .
The backloading of the film 's intelligence is n't sufficient reward for having made it through 100 minutes of capricious indulgence .
As for Bernal and Gainsbourg , they sell their unconventional romance convincingly . And in support , French character actor Alain Chabat steals a couple of scenes as Stephane 's piggish co-worker .
The most strikingly original film to hit movie screens this year -- or practically any other year for that matter .
Maybe Gondry should have put more science in his fantasy of unrequited love , because little about it feels grounded in anything real ... Like most dreams , you 're liable to forget about it in the morning .
Even the most experimental moviegoers , though , may wish for more of a story than what 's provided .
I doubt any other movie of 2006 will inspire as many walkouts as The Science of Sleep , a declaration which in itself should function as a no-holds-barred recommendation for those seeking something unusual in their moviegoing diet .
If cinematic weirdness is your bread and butter , The Science of Sleep is a feast for the imagination and a triumph of creativity .
Really nothing more than a phantasmagorical reworking of The Secret Life of Walter Mitty using lots of tacky effects and goofy imagery .
Michel Gondry is to visual art as Van Gogh is to post-impressionism ; vivid bold and fearless , the seam of reality is present but you 're never quite sure where they will lead your emotions , while taking an established artform to a different level .
The Science of Sleep does n't tell a story so much as it unravels . A journey through a young man 's dreams and desires , it 's at once lyrical , strange , and resistant to interpretation .
As was famously said , we 'll always have Paris . Very few , even the makers of Amelie , have Paris quite like Gondry .
Gondry fails to come up with a story to support his visual whimsy . But his flights of fancy are intriguing on their own , and his two lead actors captivate throughout .
Comes off as frustratingly surreal and even a bit pretentious .
-LSB- Stephane 's -RSB- merely one more guy with a Peter Pan issues , which does n't quite rise to the level of tragedy , much as Gondry wants to suffuse the third act with sadness .
The movie plays like an exhausted hallucination , disjointed and frustrating , much of it owing to the lack of chemistry Gondry allows between his stars .
The result is a portrait of your brain on imagination and joy . It 's not rocket science , but it would be hard to dream up a more satisfying experience .
This may be the cinema 's most sustained depiction of a dream state . But after the first five minutes you ca n't tell if what we 're seeing is really happening or just another of Stephane 's REM moments .
In the end , after your time with it , you 'll recall it with a smile , remembering its childish wonderment and mischievous sense of humor .
It 's all very cosmopolitan -LRB- the dialogue is English , French and Spanish -RRB- , very independent , a wee bit juvenile and very confusing , of course . But The Science of Sleep is also remarkably magical and desperately romantic beneath it all .
The whimsy Gondry whips up soon goes wispy as we wait in vain for all this sweet-natured silliness to reveal a meaning that is n't transparently obvious .
Gondry 's creative breeze of a movie is fun while it lasts , and that 's more than you can say about a whole lot of movies .
This determinedly nonlinear filmmaking tells the story more accurately than cinéma vérité ever could .
Although the diminutive -LRB- 5-foot-6-inch -RRB- Bernal emanates an infectiously playful and energetic charisma , there comes a point when you just want to slap him with a big hand for being such a petulant baby .
There is nothing scientific about this enchanting little story , but it does create a dream world pretty fascinating to visit .
The eye is given plenty to enjoy , but the heart goes wanting .
Boundless in its visual imagination but exacting in its emotional explorations , `` Sleep '' is one of the best and certainly most distinctive films of the year .
The sum of Gondry 's parts may be a hole , but the parts can be pretty darn clever and captivating .
Visually , the movie is childlike -- ornamented with the oddments that a little girl might keep in a box under her bed and decorated with the fancies that a boy might draw in the margins of a school book .
This utterly charming film exists in a kind of dream state of memory and inspiration .
-LSB- Gondry 's -RSB- passion for cinematic invention is giddy and palpable , with the rudimentary charms of fellow Frenchman and turn-of-the-century filmmaker Georges Melies .
The film is wonderfully innovative .
I loved Science , but in its final minutes I felt that I had a one-way ticket to a cul-de-sac . The scenery is something , though .
As charming and inventive as Gondry 's fanciful visions are , they are n't enough to substitute for the lack of an involving story .
We see the world as Stephane sees it ... This world is a surprising and sweet place to be , kind of like when you 're driving and you switch on the radio and the perfect song unexpectedly comes on .
The filmmaker , working from his own script for the first time , is so joyful , so ebullient , that he manages to skirt pretentiousness even when the movie becomes oppressively whimsical .
Pouring every impulse , inspiration and outlandish image at hand into his project , -LSB- Gondry -RSB- creates a dream world as visually delightful as it is merrily illogical .
Gondry 's effort here is much more reminiscent of his earlier music video work .
Like the best dreams , it 'll leave you a little dazed , and wishing you could close your eyes and put yourself back in its world .
It 's a tonic to see a film , however uneven , obsessed with the question of what young love is , exactly , while detailing the stupid stuff that makes people act like jerks over someone .
An exceedingly fanciful film that 's both more provocative and less successful than the Carrey piece .
More exhausting than illuminating .
A peculiar ditty about the way that life and love are made up of sane moments and surreal moments of craziness , and the crazy ones are always better .
A painfully bad film ... This ridiculous art-house nonsense is supposed to be a comedy , but I never laughed nor did I ever even come close to smiling .
... a burst of creativity that only an art student on copious caffeine - or something even stronger - could handle .
Gondry 's film certainly looks at life in a different way , and it refreshingly allows you to do the same , so long as you keep your eyes open .
Through Gondry 's eyes , the experience is not the story but the sensation of a dreamscape unlike any we have experienced before -- the place where fear walks hand-in-hand with hope , joy and imagination .
Possibly a very shallow work , but it 's also exhaustively imaginative and bustles with wit and invention .
What do you do when you 're confronted with maybe the most wonderfully strange , most magically enchanting , most heartachingly romantic movie you 've ever seen ?
For all its lighthearted flights-of-fancy , The Science of Sleep turns out to be a surprisingly heartbreaking affair .
The Science of Sleep is a creative effort that is well crafted and visually amusing to watch .
This is a sometimes brilliant , occasionally infuriating , visually astonishing extravaganza of embarrassing self-pity .
The Science of Sleep is an interesting visual experiment that tries really hard to be something unique , but it just spins its flashy wheels and eventually goes nowhere .
Ever surreal and intensely visual , director/screenwriter Michel Gondry 's The Science of Sleep proves nearly impossible to describe in mere words .
It 's busy , charming , stimulating and packed with heart and soul .
While this is obviously inspired stuff , and while Gondry 's cardboard-and-scissors , pop-primitivist sensibilities result in some fetching hand-carved wonders , the movie itself is as oblivious and hermetic as its love struck , fantasy-prone hero .
Michel Gondry 's follow-up to Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is n't as cohesive as that much-loved hipster head trip , but it 's a wildly imaginative picture in its own right .
All of this sometimes feels just a bit self-indulgent , and more than a bit random -- but then again , is n't that exactly what dreams can be ?
Science may be a little too out there for people used to linear movies . The story does n't make much sense , but it 's not supposed to any more than a dream does .
In the end , there 's so very much that 's charming and inventive about Gondry 's highly personal film that you 're willing to forgive its storytelling lapses and immerse yourself in The Science of Sleep .
Gondry 's vision is a little more hermetic than Kaufman 's , as well as less cynical and world-wise . Those differences give The Science of Sleep an air of breathless wonder , but they also make it feel a little immature as well .
The movie does have a dreamlike quality . But it 's like one of those dreams where you 're late for work and you ca n't find your shoes .
A charming , inventive , ambitious , surreal mess .
With Science , -LSB- Gondry -RSB- conjures up some of the most surreal visual images you 'll see in a movie this year .
The soul of Gondry 's work , it seems to me , is neither its soaring flights of visual fancy nor its sometimes crude slapstick , but rather its pained understanding of a generation hopelessly tongue-tied when it comes to matters of the heart .
The Science Of Sleep is a collection of lovely little moments and inspired effects with not much holding them together .
-LSB- Gondry -RSB- understands the bittersweet pleasures of unrequited love , how love unattained is always love untainted . Possibility perpetually exists . Dream logic ? Perhaps .
That the film does not have a coherent narrative to sustain it is not as unforgivable as the fact that there is no emotional entry point .
It remains a testament to the triumphant nature of Gondry 's imagination that reality in this movie feels less real than the fantasies . You 're encouraged to mistake one for the other . In some circles , that 's called cinema .
The most definitive , most expressive , most imaginative , most thorough , most beautiful cinematic cogitation of romance , ever . And a big middle finger to everyone who disagrees .
Ultimately , The Science Of Sleep is about the dividing line between whimsy and simple immaturity .
A decent portrait of a shy man whose dreams liberatehim from the everyday .
This movie is so hopped up on wonderment it completely forgets to include the intimacy , characters blindly searching for love for themselves when it is virtually impossible feel any for the ones seeking it out .
The film has no shape , but while we watch , Gondy makes sure we 're lovingly distracted with his individual , inventive moments .
Michel Gondry 's introverted and untethered whimsy becomes oppressive , and very quickly boring . ... ` The Science of Sleep ' drifts away into woozy inconsequence .
Michael Gondry seems to know what he is doing , layering the Gael Garcia Bernal charm factor with some edge .
... without screenwriter Charlie Kaufman , Gondry is more stylistic flash than substance .
Gondry seems preoccupied by his technical wizardry rather than making sure his story is keeping perfect time .
-LSB- Its -RSB- surreal reach is unfettered , and as with Stephane 's dreams it defies its own boundaries , mirroring a distressed human being 's attempt to get a grip on wildly passionate emotions .
one of those movies art house lovers will champion , but the film drives me mad with efforts that end up being too cute by half , if they were ever cute in the first place .
never achieves the emotional depth of Eternal Sunshine , but it 's a merry lark full of off the wall humor and offbeat imagery
the film 's wild images and sense of fun are fleeting at best , and start to leak away the second the credits begin to roll
Gondry does wonders with the inventively low-tech dream sequences , creating sets and toys out of cardboard any craft-minded kid would envy .
It is captivating , but confusing and a bit scattershot , like a patchwork quilt of idle thoughts , fantasies and reveries .
Nothing much happens , but a lot goes on . It perfectly captures the feeling of what it 's like to be young , creative , lost , idealistic and maladjusted , and it recognizes the overlap between the urge to create things and the longing for love .
The shadow side of imagination is revealed through the adventures of a batty young man who lives in his own little dream world .
What Eternal Sunshine did with magic and whimsy , The Science of Sleep accomplishes with confusion and pretentiousness .
... between the chaotic zigs and creative jags , it proclaims its own kind of messy authenticity and a bittersweet beauty .
Michel Gondry 's beguiling new film is so profoundly idiosyncratic , and so confident in its oddity , that any attempt to describe it is bound to be misleading .
To me , the movie feels like a small but ingeniously crafted gift , like the stuffed horse Stéphane outfits with a tiny motor for his beloved 's pleasure .
Eternal Sunshine was about memory , love , loss , and so on ; Science tinkers with being about at least love and loss , but mainly ends up being about the contents of Michel Gondry 's head .
Considering how wacky this zig-zag movie often is , it 's surprising to discover how touching it is , too .
Could have used more science and less sleep .
Perfectly charming but suitably strange ...
An endearing , beautiful , hopelessly honest mess that 's supported by a pair of performances so unnaturally natural that they draw you in and clutch you , struggling , to their flipping , flopping hearts .
The Science of Sleep is an odd combination of elements , a misty-eyed and even mystical romance with a core of painful emotional realism .
To borrow one of Stephane 's malapropisms , by the last half hour you feel positively schizometric , which I take it refers to that discombobulated state of being nowhere in more than one place at the same time .
The Science of Sleep is like a weird dream that tugs at the memory throughout the day with its intriguing , misshapen pieces .
Michel Gondry makes more interesting films when he 's chasing through screenwriter Charlie Kaufman 's playful thoughts than his own .
Sweet , crazy , and tinged with sadness , Michel Gondry 's new feature The Science of Sleep is a wondrous concoction .
The Science of Sleep is a frantic and funny diversion , but it pales and tires before its time is up . It does n't know the meaning of enough .
A richly imaginative and enchantingly playful work of onscreen art , The Science of Sleep is not so much a straightforward narrative as it is a pastiche of fanciful reveries , brightly-colored visuals and childlike innocence personified .
Kind of all over the place and self-indulgent , but that 's what 's so great about it . When 's the last time you saw a movie that was truly unpredictable ?
Even though the visual fireworks of Gondry 's mind keep you attentive , his clumsy stutterings about love and honesty are painfully underdeveloped .
The flying sequences , though extremely lo-tech , succeed in stirring that feeling of flight , stirring a few stomach butterflies .
Gondry 's hallucinatory brilliance holds you in thrall .
The Science of Sleep is probably not a film for everyone , but in a perfect world where dreamers and artists were celebrated , it would be .
Gainsbourg has anti-film presence . Why is she in movies hiding from the camera and not wearing makeup or combing her hair ?
A visual and emotional masterpiece , the type of dream you never want to wake up from .
As weird and playful as Eternal Sunshine , but not as romantic or engaging , this structurally messy , visualy busy film is a reflection of Gondry 's unbridled imagination -- it 's the first film based on his own script .
There 's no question about it-the mind of Michel Gondry is a weird , wonderful place .
The difference between Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and The Science of Sleep is the difference between a good pop song and a great punk record .
Every element of the set design , cinematography , dialogue and sound blurs the line between realism and fantasy .
The hyperactive juvenile whimsy and the stoner dream theories are out of control -- and fascinatingly close to pathology .
It 's a textural mindblower and a lot of fun .
Like Eternal Sunshine and Gilliam 's Brazil , it demands to be seen more than once and is impossible to sum up in one review .
A whimsical , irrepressibly creative and playfully childlike confection .











@highlight

Lovely and diffuse , Sleep is n't as immediately absorbing as Gondry 's previous work , but its messy beauty is its own reward .