Devoid of scares and energy , the picture is all bumps in the night and has nothing to set it apart from its other forgettable post-Japanese horror contemporaries .
In so many ways a missed opportunity , The Apparition looked like it could conjure a few scares in telling the story of a couple haunted by an entity they helped release , but this Ashley Greene vehicle fades into the void with a yawn .
None of this matters at all because the main characters are completely unlikable , and the momentum is consistently ruined by poor decision-making .
It 's frightening to think that a major studio like Warner Brothers would not only release a film this bad into theaters nationwide , but that it would even green light it in the first place .
Dull , dreary , pointless and bad , sporting shock scenes that do n't shock , a grisly premise that does n't make sense , and a meager cast of mostly uninterested-looking Hollywood lookers .
From start to finish , the movie basks in horrible horror clichés that will leave viewers straining to find something original in the proceedings .
a softball horror film , made for 13-year-old girls at a slumber party wanting to be sort of scared
This new supernatural thriller by first-time director Todd Lincoln has stinker written all over it . In indelible ink .
The apparition , because it 's lame , spends a lot of its time tying clothes into knots , moving dressers , and opening doors .
When I finally get around to writing a textbook , this is going to be one of my primary examples of how not to make a horror movie .
I like a good ghost story , but ` The Apparition ' is nothing like a good ghost story . It 's more like a Syfy Channel show where they try to scare people in a darkened room .
A thinly sketched paranormal thriller stripped almost bare of anything that might provide some color , complication or personality .
The Apparition is a rare example of filmmaking failure that is so complete , it will exacerbate its audience in nearly every way possible .
Every fo paux The Apparition commits stems from a general atmosphere lacking any vibrant heartbeat , creating characters and conflicts which are tragically birthed on life support .
Todd Lincoln , in his directorial debut , shows the restraint of a young Val Lewton . Things go bad oh-so-slowly ...
This horror movie from Warner Bros. is nothing special , but it 's nice to see a modest genre entertainment buoyed by a major studio 's resources .
When you look into this abyss , it yawns back at you .
Plants wither and furniture is rearranged , as if the demon were an inconsiderate housesitter .
The whole ordeal only lasts 82 minutes , but that 's still too long for a film with no ambition aside from lightening your wallet .
Does n't offer anything new , let alone entertaining .
The entity is a ghostly presence amid an even ghostlier absence . This is truly distressed real estate .
A run of the mill horror flick that gets worse and worse as it progresses
Something lacking either body heat or visceral suspense .
It 's simply one of the worst horror movies I 've ever seen in my life ; such a waste of time being in that theater . It 's so wholly awful it 's almost an acheivement how bad it is .
For casual viewers desiring a few scares , some suspense and a sustained sense of dread and malevolence , you could do worse .
Lights flicker ; soap and cactuses blacken ; claw marks appear ; icky molds gather like hornet nests .
Might give you a restless night , but only because you fell asleep in the theater .
The Apparition is not a great or even good haunted-house movie , but it does have the advantage of a memorable setting .
Abysmally dreadful ! One of the worst miscalculations of the year .
Between Lincoln 's ineptitude and the vacant prettiness of Greene and Stan , `` The Apparition '' becomes just a pile of false starts and dead ends that never build to anything truly frightening .
Scary bad .
The Apparition takes a potential paranormal romp and robs it of its purpose .
... one of those late summer time-wasters that - like the film 's spirit - appears out of nowhere , hopes to grab you -LRB- or , at least , your wallet -RRB- and then vanish again .
The bare-bones framework of an utterly generic horror story , devoid of thrills , jolts or even an interesting hook .
` Apparition ' is unfocused and overdeveloped . -LSB- It 's -RSB- bogged down with heavy exposition , lack of rules , and a lackluster performance from Sebastian Stan .
What actually happens in the movie seems to be left over from some kind of rigorous cutting session . It 's less of an arc than a flatline .
If you enjoy laughing at bad movies with friends , then sure , have a good time watching it this weekend . Otherwise , stay away .
There 's a whole new genre of scary movies that might more accurately be called borey movies .
The movie loses goodwill early on by killing an adorable dog , resulting in a lack of an identification point , since the canine has better intuition than the humans .
The soulless-ness of their empty plot of track homes and super-store existence invokes both Poltergeist and Employee of the Month .
The only thing scary about this DOA horror attempt is that it ever got made .
Mild scares and a go-nowhere climax haunt this suburbs-set debut .
If you listen closely enough while things go bump in the night during The Apparition , you might also hear the scraping of barrel bottoms .
The story is a worthy one , but the film lacks any daring expressive touches that might have made it , at the very least , noteworthy .
Everything ends with Kelly back at the Costco where they bought their tent and one keeps hoping for the guys from `` The Watch '' to pop in to liven things up . Or Sigourney Weaver from `` Red Lights '' to expose the fraud . `` The Apparition '' is simply abysmal .
An incomprehensibly garbled , derivative attempt at a horror flick from first-time writer-director Todd Lincoln .
It 's a potentially creepy setting that would give an innovative director a chance to do a lot with a little . Unfortunately , Lincoln is n't one of those .
One of the most boring horror movies of all time .
Wafts out of the ether like the ghosts of bad movies past , the very picture of the cinema 's dog days of August .
Just about the most basic and generic haunted house retread in several years . Aggressively dull stuff .
80 minutes of generic jump scares involving generic people who are largely to blame for their generic problems .
The shortest flick this summer is also one of the worst , a ghastly ghost story that fails to deliver its generic goods on any level .
It 's just more of the same old , same old haunted house style material we 've seen countless times before , and usually far better than what 's offered here . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
May run just 82 minutes -LRB- and that includes drawn-out final credits -RRB- , but the picture 's brevity ca n't hide what a toothless waste of potential it all is .
The movie is n't scary and plays it way too safe , making for an underwhelming experience for this horror fan .
The good news is that it only clocks in at a mere 74 minutes before the end credits kick in . The bad news is that it makes viewers work for every single one before they can stumble to the lobby to figure out what the hell it was that they just watched .
The trailer for The Apparition contained more story than the picture it was promoting . In fact , I think the trailer for The Apparition is actually more of a movie than The Apparition .
It 's so terrible that there might actually be more tension in the numbing first act of monotonous chores than there is in anything that follows .
I do n't know how you defeat ghosts , but smacking them with a bat would not be my first guess .
At one point in the film , a cute neighbor dog wanders into the house , looks creepily into a corner of the laundry room , and dies . With the poor mutt 's ridiculous death , we 've lost the most likable character in the story .
A ghastly ` Paranormal Activity ' - inspired ghost story with Lovecraftian overtones ... -LSB- and -RSB- the worst ending since ` The Devil Inside . '

@highlight

The Apparition fails to offer anything original , is n't particularly scary , and offers so little in the way of dramatic momentum that it 's more likely to put you to sleep than thrill you .