The arrival of Agathe Villanova is at the center of the drama in Let it Rain , and the story benefits from giving her more to do in front of the lens .
Let It Rain may be harmlessly pleasant , but it 's harmlessly pleasant to the point of insipidness .
The genial comedy reaches for understated satirical moments .
For all the affairs , the jealousy , the self-involvement and the obliviousness of some characters , these are lives in lower case ...
Incapable of rising above mere pleasantness .
Not funny `` ha-ha '' but funny `` huh ? ''
Agnès Jaoui 's light farce is so crafty that one might not notice that the breezy story is really about a successful woman getting cut down to size for being too controlling .
Not a laugh riot , but neither is it played for melodrama .
It 's graceful in presenting its ideas , and what emerges is not a polemic but a kind of snapshot of modern-day concerns .
May be a light lunch compared to the full meal of some other recent French offerings but it still tastes damn good .
At times Let It Rain recalls one of those Katharine Hepburn comedies where the New Woman gets cut down to size so as not to intimidate the Old-School Men . Yet the film so likably deflates the pompous and pumps up the humble that it 's hard not to like .
The character conflicts are so decorously handled that after a while the whole enterprise begins to seem more like a good waiter than a good story .
Beautifully strange and affecting ...
Refreshingly -LRB- for American audiences , anyway -RRB- , everyone in `` Let It Rain '' has genuinely good intentions .
A movie in which everyone was this disappointed , and nobody changed , would be a very sad film , and that 's not Jaoui 's intent . She 's not a cynic but a humanist and , by the end of the film , most of these people have taken some steps toward change .
It 's all a little insular and very conversational , but the setting is cozy and the performances all pleasantly low-key .
May not be funny in a ha-ha sense , but it gave me an amused open-mouthed appreciation of life 's absurdities , including unanticipated nuisances like bad weather .
The performances are excellent , even if none of the characters are all that likeable or involving . Bacri and Debbouze make an intriguing double act .
Low-key and ruefully well-observed , France 's Let It Rain is nevertheless too slight to make much impact .
... funnier than -LSB- Jaoui 's -RSB- earlier films and specializes in commenting on how a character 's strength or fragility affects their relationships .
A passing delight is a delight all the same .
Jaoui neatly , gently , firmly slips political commentary into Let It Rain 's articulate mayhem .
Jaoui has not crafted a flattering character for herself . Demanding and bossy , Agathe is everything anti-feminists hate . But through her challenging questions are raised .
While her focus has drifted away from the upper middle class , Jaoui 's sensibility remains rather middlebrow ; there 's the distinct feeling that she 's preaching solely , albeit with impressive subtlety , to the same bourgie choir as before .
A specialist in choreographing talky scenes , Agnès Jaoui may also be the most aggressively middlebrow filmmaker working today .
Effortless performances and nice Provençal backdrop make this easily digested cinematic comfort food .
French auteur Agnes Jaoui creates an effortless pastiche of modern French existence with a light comedy that plants the high heels of its leading character right in fertile soil .
This wistful little film is at just the right temperature .
A cute slice-of-life about French residents who fumble and err but remain lovable despite their idiosyncracies .
Agnès Jaoui y Jean-Pierre Bacri vuelven a proponer una comedia agridulce que , tras una apariencia de liviandad , encierra un retrato sensible y certero de algunas miserias humanas perfectamente reconocibles .
This is not the rat-a-tat-tat of comic one-liners , but rather an amiable amble , brimming with charm .
click for full review
Touching on everything from family to fidelity , politics to prejudice , this is a slice of dystopic domesticity that captures the disappointments of life and the little joys that make it worthwhile .
While the genial comic tone and steady torrent of sharp one-liners and social faux pas are effortlessly carried forward from her past work , this is a more subtle , contemplative and mature film .
You can blame the government , the bourgeoisie , women or the weather , but in the end Jaoui 's ensemble comedy , for all its sophisticated wit and note-perfect performances , is washed out by an overwhelming slightness .
Each of the key characters feels disenfranchised in some way , but the meandering ensemble story does n't reach any real conclusions .
But it is a disappointment : a loose , unfocused rag-bag of ideas . Its filmic muscle tone lacks definition ; it is flabby .
Sly ensemble acting , the strong point in any JaBac film , feels like a safety net in this one .
This gentle lancing of the foibles and pretensions of the French bougeoisie could n't get more Gallic if it was sprinkled with garlic and ran off with the next-door-neighbour .
Rooted in richly played , likeable characters , this modest set-up percolates with smart , urbane humour , with Jaoui still finding time for some broad set-piece chuckles .
Nothing quite new enough , or strong enough , to turn a mild arthouse pleaser into a must-see .
French writer-director Agnès Jaoui 's comedy of manners takes on issues of class , race and loyalty , but in such a charming , offhand way that one hardly notices them being raised .
It tells you more about human nature than a dozen more portentous movies and is a rare delight to savour from a unique and exceptionally talented film-maker .
Watchable , well acted and occasionally amusing French drama , though it 's not as emotionally satisfying as Jaoui 's previous films .
There are several intriguing themes gurgling around this comical drama , but it 's so rambling and loose that nothing really comes together . Even so , the solid acting keeps us interested , and the potent issues keep us thinking .
It 's one of those right-down-the-middle affairs that puts its script front and center , selling punchlines and double-takes under a thin gloss of continental sophistication .
Like her earlier films , -LSB- Jaoui -RSB- has turned kvetching and fumbling conversations into an art form .
A question : If you spend an entire career chronicling power relationships among the incurably self-absorbed , is that not in itself a form of self-absorption ?


@highlight

Low-key to a fault , Let It Rain blends subtle political commentary with smart , thoroughly French comedy .