Boasts a killer premise and better than average acting , so it 's all the more disappointing that Anderson proves unable to avoid annoying horror movie pitfalls .
Immediate frights and long-lasting dread are still not quite enough
Hop aboard this Shuttle if you 're in the mood for one unsettling ride .
The characters are aggressive and mostly smart , the villain is fearsome and hateful , and the premise -LRB- ` An airport shuttle ride descends into darkness ' -RRB- is brilliantly simple .
Well conceived thriller , Shuttle takes the familiar situation and develops it into terrifying ordeal
Shuttle could have worked but it is so bogged down with clichés and predictable twists that it comes apart at its illogical seams .
The film is an efficiently engineered mechanism for creating suspense .
When the payoff finally arrives , it seems tasteless not just because of its topicality , but because the shock feels unearned .
There is no release for the audience , no ` entertainment , ' not even much action excitement . Just a remorseless march into the dark .
A slightly prosaic and tedious , but mostly chilly and intense ride .
Shuttle mostly exists , in the words of Alfred Hitchcock , to ` put the audience through it , ' but it leaves you in a very different place than where it started and with remarkable economy of effort .
Instead of suspense , we get frustration at the stupidity of the characters .
Shuttle is a grim and twisted exercise in high-stress terror that falls just short of the torture-porn subgenre .
a pile of stinking turpitude
One hell of a terrifying ride ...
Anderson focuses entirely on cat-and-mouse capers , while failing to reflect in any serious way upon the real-world issues that his plot exploits , so the end result is a disappointingly empty exercise in genre .
Solid , effective and perfect for date night .
If you step aboard Shuttle , be prepared for one heck of a ride filled with suspense , action and ever-escalating terror . With this ingenious thriller , Edward Anderson , who wrote the heist flick Flawless , makes an audacious directorial debut .
Nasty and dumb , a lot like Hostel without the extreme torture and gore .
Next time , spring for a cab .
A decently twisty indie thriller about hostages lured aboard an airport minivan whose destination is nowhere pleasant .



@highlight

While this debut by Edward Anderson is economical and occasionally effective , Shuttle offers little catharsis after its tense ride .