Unfortunately , the film 's ubiquitous phrase , `` do n't think it , do n't say it , '' is all-too-easily expanded to include `` do n't see it . ''
If you 're in the mood to get scared this weekend , you 'd have better luck surfing the news channels .
Even by B-movie , January horror movie , expecting-the-worst standards , Cressida Bonas is a Bad Actress . But at least she 's not alone in The Bye Bye Man , where everyone is a bad actor except Faye Dunaway because she 's Faye Dunaway .
Pure incompetence .
Directed by Stacy Title , the film is predictable and filled with cheap jump scares ...
There 's an art to being bad . The Bye Bye Man has n't studied that art - but it 's good enough to get you going .
Two modern college students rented a two story house with multiple bedrooms . In a movie about an undead dog owner , that is the most far fetched detail of the film .
A waste of time that , given its end , and taking into account its economic results , it 's very likely to have a continuation . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Bye Bye Man does n't offer more than a few banging doors to startle viewers , and that 's hardly enough .
There are much better alternatives to The Bye Bye Man such as The Babadook , Candyman , and even I Know What You Did Last Summer . You may want to watch those instead .
This shocker carries -- perhaps inevitably , post-11 / 8/16 -- a definite political pertinency : The hoodie-cloaked title entity owes his power to the repetition of his name -LRB- i.e. , publicity -RRB- and to the fear that oppresses those obsessed with him .
Tiresome and tepid . My advice ? Do n't watch it .
Do n't think it . Do n't say it . Do n't see it . Bye bye , man .
This movie tries to gaslight you into thinking its central baddie is actually well-thought-out -LRB- and is , presumably , worthy of sequels that God willing wo n't happen -RRB- , when really it 's the most generic crap , both in terms of substance and character design .
Kill it before it lays eggs .
To call it a disaster would be unfair as there is some spooky , cheesy fun to be had , but the plotting is somehow both slow and rushed , the writing is poor , and the performances are n't great .
Director Stacy Title ... plays the whole thing with a straight face , which does the movie no favours , on top of a weak script , phoned-in performances , cheap effects and a poorly explained central mythology that leave viewers cold .
Many horror movies are bad , but it 's rare to find one that , like The Bye Bye Man , is so bad it 's funny . Whether the problem was in the puzzling screenplay or in the production itself , something went dismally , hysterically wrong .
The script teems with horror clichés -LRB- scribbled drawings , a creepy kid , the skeptical protagonist looking up the demon 's origins on a library computer -RRB- , and everything from the acting to the makeup to the special effects is atrocious .
Most everything about The Bye Bye Man is familiar .
... a cheap , watered-down exercise in pointless PG-13 horror .
The Bye Bye Man is the rare bad movie whose staggering level of ineptitude is practically a recommendation .
There is a story here but it needs a better writer and director to flesh out the scenes and characters .
One of the most inept films I 've ever seen . Cheaply made , poorly directed , badly acted , oddly edited , and ultimately insultingly stupid .
Come for the creepy atmosphere and stay for Doug Jones , but viewers not expecting too much more will get their matinée money 's worth .
Maybe all will be explained in the sequel . If so , your writer is happy to remain uneducated .
It may be that I 'm assessing on a curve because it 's January . But if you miss the slasher icons of old and have little patience for the reboot attempts they get periodically , it 's nice to see at least a worthy attempt to add to that pantheon .
It 's not a good movie , exactly , and there are certainly better horror films around ... But if you want to waste an hour and a half jumping at shadows , The Bye Bye Man will certainly do the job .
The Bye Bye Man is one of the most amateurish wide-release movies I 've ever seen . Why anyone thought this thing was in good enough shape to warrant an opening in more than 2,000 theaters is a mystery .
It just does n't work , and the likelihood I 'll think or say this unremarkable film 's name again anytime soon is nominal at best .
Although it lacks originality it plays a little better than the silly title suggests .
A better poster than film , It Follows meets Ringu in bad way .
A sloppy , derivative collage of the worst studio-sanctioned genre trappings .
Three teens try to outsmart the bogeyman in this formulaic but well-executed fright flick .
Ultimately , despite some good scares , effective imagery , and good sense of tension , The Bye Bye Man does n't explain nearly enough to make it all truly work , and for a movie with a concrete evil , we need some kind of lore to hang our hats on .
It 's just a goofy , not very well thought-out concept . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
You will find yourself shuddering at the slam of every door and screaming at every sight of a corpse-pale face and gnarled hand .
The film 's biggest weakness may be its namesake , essentially a guy in white makeup and a hooded coat who hangs around with a badly rendered CGI monster dog .
To think that everyone here intended to make a movie this utterly lifeless and banal from the outset is infinitely more frightening than anything presented on screen .
like `` A Nightmare on Elm Street '' for the waking crossed with the Bloody Mary urban legend and `` It Follows ' '' contagion concept . If only it were as good as any of those reference points .
All The Bye Bye Man delivers is empty promises of more happening than a simple descent into madness manifested by jealousy .
Gets a 1 just because I do n't want the .5 to be mistaken for a 5 . Even for what now passes as horror movies , awful on an epic scale . Bye Bye Man not worth saying hello to .
It keeps you guessing , if only to find out , `` uh , is that all there is ? ''
Despite any titular trepidation , there is fun to be had and even some cultural relevancy if you decide to say hi to The Bye Bye Man .
A vividly mounted , dread-inducing horror film done right . It 's a pleasure when filmmakers trust their audience and know how to weave a jittery spell without forcing a cavalcade of forced shock tactics on them .
Horror movies do n't come any dumber than The Bye Bye Man , a haunted-house thriller without any rhyme or reason .
This horror movie has a hook that 's sharper than it sounds .
The Bye Bye Man is basically a battle between the familiar and the incompetent . We lose .
Never less than diverting , especially in these long weeks when a solid PG-13 horror movie offers the best thrills around , The Bye Bye Man 's most inspired moments make great use of its creepy location .
The husband and wife team of director Stacy Title and screenwriter Jonathan Penner do n't break any rules , but they still manage to deliver an effective genre effort .
There may be worse horror films than The Bye Bye Man this year , but there will be none that shows more contempt for its intended audience .
Stacy Title 's film ends up succeeding most deftly as an advertisement for on-campus housing .
The derivative work does n't deliver scares so much as a few starts , all while ripping off such genre classics as `` Candyman '' and `` A Nightmare on Elm Street . ''
No matter how many films continue to screen in movie theaters this year , The Bye Bye Man will be remembered amongst the worst films of 2017 .
Do n't think it , do n't say it , do n't see it .
A silly joke of a horror movie
Like a less ambitious `` Candyman , '' stripped of its pretensions towards social commentary , its iconic bee imagery and definitely its Philip Glass score . That 's no knock .
Is n't much more than a terrible title , gifting paying customers wretched performances , murky mythology , and low-wattage chills , with stupidity the dominating vibe of the picture .
In `` The Bye Bye Man , '' there is nothing to fear except fear itself -- literally . Unfortunately , this pro forma horror movie does n't do much to capitalize on its vaguely clever premise .
The borderline campy The Bye Bye Man is a horror movie in search of an urban legend .
Often involving , although not quite entirely satisfying .
What we 're left with are a few PG-13 murders , uninspired performances , some not-so-scary urban legends and a couple of actresses who must be wondering how they got here .
Even when it seems to be making things up as it goes along , its slapdash hallucinatory quality is a token gesture toward placing you inside the characters ' heads .
`` Do n't think it , '' warn the ads . `` Do n't say it . Do n't think it . Do n't say it . Do n't think it . Do n't say it . '' Here 's another one : Do n't see it .
The Bye Bye Man is like someone watched a double-bill of The Babadook/It Follows and said `` I can do that ! '' but indeed can not .
Succumbs to the usual genre pitfalls : loud and empty shocks , monotony , and talk-explain-talk-explain scenes that drain the movie of any ghoulish mystery it might have held .
A grab-bag of hand-me-down horror movie clichés confusedly stitched together without much visual flair ... its promotional tagline ... ` Do n't think it , do n't say it ' should really be expanded with ` do n't see it . '
Do n't fear the Reaper , kids .
Probably best seen with a rowdy theater reacting every time the spirit 's name is uttered .
The concept is derivative of about a dozen other movies and their sequels .
The Bye Bye Man could have been something other than another run-of-the-mill fable about smarty-pants teens who pooh-pooh an urban myth only to find out , slightly too late , that the legends are true .

@highlight

The Bye Bye Man clumsily mashes together elements from better horror films , adding up to a derivative effort as short on originality as it is on narrative coherency or satisfying scares .