If it does n't bother you that they speak terribly bad Spanish , including those who boast of having it as their native language , and that the drug trafficking is the main theme ... you may at some point enjoy this irreverent comedy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Casa de Mi Padre is an amiable but eventually tiresome Spanish-language goof of telenovelas and floridly melodramatic , moustache-twirling westerns .
Even if you 're making a bad movie on purpose , it 's still a bad movie .
Fundamentally , it seems the big joke of Casa de Mi Padre is that it was produced at all , and as a weird Dadaist joke it is indeed satisfying . It 's hard , however , to recommend a film that feels like a giant prank .
Unfortunately for Casa de Mi Padre there 's a very fine line between smart-stupid and slapdash-stupid .
-LSB- S -RSB- ubtle humor that slips under your radar instead of bashing you over the head is what makes Casa one of the more adventurous comedies in recent years ...
Unfortunately for Casa de Mi Padre there 's a very fine line between smart-stupid and slapdash-stupid .
After awhile Casa de mi Padre begins to play as a conceptual exercise rather than a legitimately funny movie in its own right .
Pretty much one long sketch painfully stretched to feature length - Casa de mi Padre would have been better served as a short film series on Ferrell 's Funny or Die website .
How many superstars would devote themselves to a project this quixotic ? Whether you get the joke that is Casa de Mi Padre or not , you 've got to admire Ferrell . Clearly , he is n't only in it for the pesos .
In this bat-crazy Mexican telenovela , replete with flimsy scenery and fake horses , Ferrell 's stilted Spanish delivery chimes perfectly with the stilted , soapy dialogue .
A spoof of Mexican Westerns and Latin American telenovelas , Casa de mi padre is a truly bizarre entry in Will Ferrell 's filmography - a very broad , Spanish-language comedy that sends up a pair of genres few Anglophone viewers will have encountered .
No es cómico , Señor Ferrell .
An animatronic mountain lion proves to be the star of the show .
It 's all a little undercooked , playing more like an extended version of a very funny trailer than an actual , full-bodied comedy .
Like a supermarket enchilada , it initially seems appealing but you quickly realise it lacks flavour .
It 's a one-joke film and that 's the joke .
Vámonos , amigos ! , murmuró , y los vaqueros montó en la crepúsculo friscalatito ...
The plot is genuinely clever , and there 's a continual stream of knowing gags that 'll keep fans of B-movies chuckling .
The script is disappointing and the film largely plays out like an extended comedy sketch that quickly wears out its welcome .
Odd , intermittently amusing but wholly unsatisfying , an oddball experiment that simply does n't work .
Often inspired but patchy overall , Ferrell 's horse opera could have benefited from a sharper , even more out-there script .
A joyous , ramshackle celebration of sloppy filmmaking and cheapo production design .
Next time Ferrell ventures south of the border , he might want to take a gag-writer with him .
What a strange concept for a movie . It 's funny in parts , but I have no idea which audience this movie was intended for .
... an over-extended SNL skit is exactly what the movie feels like , with chuckles instead of genuine laughs .
How strange is this movie ? The scene in which Ferrell 's character is visited by a talking white lion and escorted into a Fellini-esque dream sequence was the one time I felt I was in familiar Ferrell territory .
One of the most admirably strange movies by a major Hollywood star in recent memory , though not an entirely satisfying one .
Will Ferrell took a chance with this one , and I 'm glad he did . It 's played 90 percent straight , and that other 10 percent is odd and hilarious .
Some big laughs , but it probably would have worked better as an Adult Swim series .
As a low-budget independent not necessarily intended for a broad audience , Casa does n't have to bow to the middle-of-the-road multiplex appeal that handcuffs many SNL-pedigreed films . That works to the film 's great benefit .
Ferrell hurls himself into the melodramatic , heavy-breathing telenovela style of acting . And surrounded by actors who know the genre and get the joke -LRB- Efren Ramirez from Napoleon Dynamite among them -RRB- , this send-up works .
Much of this material seems funnier in concept than execution , turning into a collection of throwaway gags and otherwise bizarre detours to pad the abbreviated running time .
Will Ferrell , the Spanish-language edition
Jokes like the ones here may elicit dead silence , but Casa di mi Padre is the kind of thing that viewers may find themselves laughing at the next day , or upon a second or third viewing .
... a consistently disastrous and aggressively unwatchable cinematic endurance ...
It seemed like an inside joke between Will Ferrell and Adam McKay that I was n't a part of .
Give Will Ferrell , the guy certainly does n't sit on his laurels .
It 's not just boring ... it 's frustrating , because we now how much better Ferrell can be when he 's given creative material .
I tend to be amused by Ferrell in most circumstances , and the things I like about him - his bizarre sensibilities hidden beneath a mainstream exterior , his unwavering sincerity regardless of his characters ' absurdity - are on display here .
That 's not to say that Casa does n't have its moments , but somehow the amount of time I spent laughing totaled less than the time I spend laughing during a Funny or Die short .
one of those films that I respected and understood more than I actually enjoyed
I regard Casa de Mi Padre as an interesting but failed experiment .
Maybe it 's the language barrier , but Ferrell 's mind seems elsewhere for the duration of the movie 's slender , but still overlong 84-minute runtime .
This Spanish-language spoof of bad old Western movies is like a looser , goofier version of a Christopher Guest film .
` Casa de mi Padre , ' a comedy spoof from Will Ferrell and company , may be the mostly Spanish-language answer to Three Amigos . '
Relatively tame when it comes to mindlessness , finding more joy in Armando 's inability to roll a cigarette than the potential of his heroic posture .
Racist , repetitive and ridiculous - unless you 're a devoted fan of Spanish telenovas .
Ferrell is an hombre loco . Mi gusta .
If Casa de mi Padre does nothing else , it establishes once and for all that comedian Will Ferrell can , within budgetary reason , come up with whatever deranged cinematic concept he can think of and actually get it made .
Will Ferrell tiene cojones grandes .
Casa De Mi Padre will only afford you modest pleasures -- dry smirks as opposed to riotous laughs .
I ca n't say the world was crying out for a parody of Spanish language Telenovelas , but this is the best one you will ever see .
A product as cheap , empty and worth of a good beating as a piñata .
For a movie with basically one idea -- spoofing the telenovela -- `` Casa '' is determined to take it as far as possible .
Really , Casa de mi Padre is a skit blown up to a feature flick , amusing for a while until its welcome wears out .
Casa de mi Padre is one of those Holy Grail endeavours that taunt all comic actors -- an attempt to make a deliberately bad movie .
As a full-length feature , `` Casa '' is simply a funny concept that starts to go stale around the 10-minute mark .
It 's perfect for a short clip on FunnyorDie.com . Padded out to feature length , with a bunch of other slight and unmemorable laughs , it wears thin .
An often very funny but terribly haphazard spoof of low-budget south of the border pop culture .
A loopy trifle that sticks around and is best remembered in hindsight , this could very well be a cult hit in the making .
It 's really strange , and it 's really subtitled .
Is `` Casa de Mi Padre '' brilliant or pointless ? Indubitably it 's both , as Ron Burgundy might put it .
There are some moments of loony hilarity , but it would have worked better as a short , as the concept gets played out quickly .
This very funny spoof of telenovelas and classic Mexican westerns is decidedly offbeat and absurdly daffy .
A lot of the film unrolls like wasted opportunities , placeholders between the cheesy musical interludes and ludicrous Peckinpah-esque violence .
Feels like a ten-minute sketch drawn out to an hour and a half ... not clever enough to sustain its premise over the long haul .
For a movie with a comedic premise this simple - essentially : can you believe we made a movie with a premise this simple ? - Casa de Mi Padre can feel pretty exhausting .
`` Casa de Mi Padre '' demands that you not take it seriously , and for the most part that 's easy to do .
The film feels ultimately hollow , perhaps because mocking soap operas is the comic 's equivalent of shooting fish tacos in a barrel .
Probably too strange for mainstream tastes , but a movie sure to have a cult-movie afterlife .
It 's a solid short film stretched to Silly Putty thinness .
It starts feeling like a long series of in-jokes , gags that seemed funny on the set but barely ought to be worthy of a blooper reel .
Bush-league stuff - a satire in search of a real target .
Wo n't join the list of Ferrell 's best films , but it 's very funny and a worthy diversion .
Ferrell , as he 's done in Anchorman , Talladega Nights and Step Brothers , walks undaunted through the amiable absurdity , delivering his not-exactly-mellifluous español in earnest flurries , as the dialogue , and the bullets , fly .
The film is amusing but not wildly funny .
About five minutes of its mercifully short 84 minutes would make a nice sketch on Ferrell 's Funny or Die .
Casa de mi Padre is an unorthodox entry in the stoner comedy-fauxsploitation genre , but it might feel at home on Ferrell 's Funny or Die website .
When you expect it to go in one direction , it goes off in another . Most of the time , that clever element of surprise pays off .
An unfunny Spanish movie that worked best as a two-minute trailer .
Director Matt Piedmont and writer Andrew Steele , veterans of Ferrell and McKay 's Funny or Die web site , lack the cinematic chops to mount a big-screen tribute to the genre , but there are some amusing bits .
This is one of those pictures , alas , that is critic-proof merely by dint of the fact that applying any amount of thought to it , superficial , or serious , or what have you , is an entirely humiliating ,
This occasionally amusing , feature-length skit does n't give enough people enough funny lines to say in any language .
Hearing Ferrell shout `` Alejate ! O te doy una paliza con estas manos ! '' is a lot funnier if you speak Spanish - and much less so if you 're stuck reading subtitles .
Ferrell is a good straight actor for the same reason that he 's an inspired comedian : He commits himself to every moment . Even in a movie whose highest ambition is to be true to its quaintly delectable tackiness .
They set out to make a bad movie . They succeeded .
It 's audacious , given the huge resistance of Americans to subtitled films . It 's also a good idea . If only it were funnier .
It 's a supremely meta-movie that never stops reminding audiences they 're watching a film , and a spectacularly silly one at that .
The movie is only 84 minutes long , including credit cookies , but that is quite long enough .
Cute , but not much more . But maybe it 's better if you 've had a couple margaritas with friends beforehand .
If the idea of Will Ferrell speaking Spanish seems like enough to sustain an entire feature , this eccentric but flat comedy is for you .
A deliberately cheesy movie , but the laughs are missing in action ... It 's not that the gags were lost in the translation - they were never there to begin with .
Ferrell has n't lost his knack for earnest weirdness , legitimately funny self-deprecation , and a dedication to taking some chances once in a while .
If you pray at the Jodorowskian altar of such things -LRB- equal parts spurting blood and flared nostrils -RRB- , then there will be a modicum of satisfaction , perhaps enough to stave off the suspicion that the film should have been an SNL skit , nothing more .
If you 're a fan of Ferrell 's comedy and like spoofs , you could do worse than spend a mere 84 minutes watching the exercise in silliness that is Casa De Mi Padre .
Casa de Mi Padre riffs freely on impoverished production values -- phony painted backdrops and the reflection of the camera crew in a DEA agent 's sunglasses -- but the humor does n't only target south of the border .
A movie of this sort could easily wear out its welcome early . Yet Ferrell and company transform the one joke concept into a surprisingly subtle train of gentle jabs at an entire defunct school of filmmaking .
One could describe it as the most impressive Ed Wood film ever made , if Mr. Wood was truly aware of the humor he was creating .
This is one of those nasty little films that tries very hard to obscure its misogynist and racist premise through pseudo political critique .
Despite a few flashes of inspired brilliance , this goofy curio just is n't consistently funny , opting instead to coast on the novelty of its premise .
It makes sense that this Spanish-lingo farce plays very much like an SNL sketch . The only problem is that it packs about as many laughs into its 85 minutes as a good skit does in eight or 10 .
A likable enough lark that rarely achieves outright hilarity .
A gentle goof , a distinctly minor entry in Ferrell 's proudly irreverent career .
Will Ferrell speaks fluent Spanish , but with dialogue like this , what 's the point ?


@highlight

Thinly written and not as funny as it needs to be , Casa de mi Padre would have worked better as a fake trailer or short film ; stretched to feature length , it wears out its welcome far too quickly .