Mr Woodcock is ok as far as predictable , low-brow Hollywood comedies are concerned , and it 's considerably elevated by its above average cast .
O longa não apenas acaba se revelando terrivelmente sem graça como também assusta por sua moral torta , condizente com a do personagem-título .
we 're stuck with Amy Poehler telling us she 's an alcoholic and an unaware Susan Sarandon watching two men act like idiots , which unfortunately is n't funny at all .
... a tedious and hackneyed effort that surely -LRB- and hopefully -RRB- marks Billy Bob Thornton 's final appearance as a comedically misanthropic curmudgeon ...
The whole film is like a depressing nightmare .
Apparently , Billy Bob Thornton has embraced the idea of appealing to the lowest possible common denominator . How else can you explain his presence in another bad taste bottom-feeder which might have been better titled Bad Gym Teacher , ala Bad Santa ?
Has the mark of something dashed off after reading what dozens of screenwriting manuals had to say about the marketplace and the three-act paradigm , but not one word about characterization or dramatic unity .
A close reading of Mr. Woodcock reveals a dark , depressing film about small town decline . I think .
One ca n't help but wonder what the Coens or Farrellys might have done with this cast and premise .
A terrible , sophomoric joke of a title , which is sadly reflective of the rest of the equally unfunny proceedings .
It 's not the worst film you 'll see all year , but it 's not going to wind up on anyone 's honour roll , either .
Just another lamebrain , offensive and unappealing mainstream sitcom family comedy that recklessly makes light of child abuse .
As usual , Billy Bob is very watchable in the lead . But the rest of the film is only so-so .
Mr Woodcock is never less than watchable , thanks to strong performances and some amusing dialogue , but it 's badly let down by a disappointingly weak plot .
Laughs aplenty in this daft comedy about `` letting go '' .
Thornton does his best with a crass script and a cop-out finale .
Disappointing .
Thornton is magnificent as the unrepentant monster .
Mr Woodcock offers one or two glorious moments of slapstick comedy , separated by a tumbleweed-strewn tundra of tedium .
It 's for those who remember the days when the bad guy at school was n't just the bully in the next seat , but an ex-jock whose life peaked when they were 17 and who now possesses the authority that comes with age , position and a whistle .
A contender for least funny comedy of the year .
Just from eyeing the Mr. Woodcock movie poster , you could suspect exactly what the movie will be . Just 90 minutes later , your suspicions would be confirmed .
... Scott 's character may not be the only one who failed to get beyond eighth grade ...
The playful dialog provides the best laughter , while the big set pieces feel strangely muted
The laughs never stop only because they never start . In fact , I ca n't remember the last time I laughed so little .
A dreary and depressing alleged comedy that takes a talented cast and a promising germ of an idea , and kills it dead .
All Mr. Woodcock gives us is mediocre comedy at its finest .
-LSB- Sarandon is -RSB- somehow the only star who does n't end up looking like an overpaid idiot working miles beneath her abilities . And that 's a pretty cutting thing to say when you figure in Scott 's standard fratboy follies .
Billy Bob Thornton is just as mean as a gym coach as he is as Santa Claus .
Even the lamest comedies out there manage to wring one or two chuckles from yours truly , but this ugly , obnoxious flick could n't even manage half a smirk .
A comedy with unappealing characters and an ending that just does n't make any sense given what has preceded it .
Mr. Woodcock is not really a crowd pleaser or some kind of ` dumb as dirt ' delight . Instead , it 's an apparent attempt to reset the demarcation when determining the lowest common denominator .
Watch out when the best thing to say about a movie is that director Craig Gillespie has staged one of the better ` getting catapulted off of a treadmill ' scenes .
Billy Bob Thornton simply could n't be better as the rude , tyrannical P.E. teacher whose answer to everything is '10 laps . '
Call Mr. Woodcock the latest version of The Billy Bob Thornton Movie .
It 's interesting that Thornton should become embraced for playing assertive , caustic types , because in reality he 's so little like that .
The only redeeming aspect is that it skewers those sweat-suited sadists we all remember from gym class , but is that satisfaction really worth the price of admission ?
Enjoyable enough while it lasts , but also instantly disposable .
I 'll give them three big laughs , but those were just flukes .
In the film 's attempt to straddle feel-good and feel-bad , ultimately one feels nothing .
Generically silly-coated and pointless , -LSB- this -RSB- `` gym teacher from hell '' frivolity has all the freshness of stale athletic socks tucked away in a pimple-faced boy 's locker .
If I could , I 'd make this clunker drop and give me twenty push-ups for screwing a great idea up this badly .
If Mr. Woodcock himself were to assess this movie , he 'd say , ` This movie is a disgrace to all goopy , gelatinous , half-baked movies the world over . '
It 's as if the -LRB- supposedly -RRB- innate hilariousness of the title justified pretty much any and all `` creative '' decisions , and once the actors were cast everyone hoped that the film would figure itself out . They were wrong .
Even though it was stuck in development for a while , it deserved another lap around the screenwriting gym .
This may be the most laugh-free comedy of the year .
Between Mr. Thornton 's wry performance and Tami Reiker 's nuanced wide-screen photography , you half-expect Woodcock to deliver more than formulaic laughs .
As disjointed as you 'd expect from a film that was reworked extensively by a second director .
This movie makes a much better case study for aspiring entertainment executives than it does a cinematic experience . What it most emphatically is not is a date movie .
While two novice screenwriters are officially credited with the script , the movie lurches around like something assembled by committee .
Certainly , it 's mediocre , but no more so than half the comedies that are wildly promoted by their studios these days .
This film apparently sat around for a few years before being released . It 's unlikely to make waves now , but Thornton and Scott do set off a few entertaining ripples .
Finally even Thornton finds his inner softie , at which point the film , after some OK gags , dies with a mechanical squish .
It 's a two-minute trailer unsuccessfully stretched into an 87-minute feature film .
It looks like Billy Bob Thornton has gotten to this lucrative W.C. Fields place in his career where he fills his coffers by playing endless variations on the same character .
Mr. Woodcock . Funny , right ? Mr. Woodcock , Mr. Woodcock , Mr. Woodcock . Gets funnier every time , does n't it ?
Mr. Woodcock is often as juvenile and predictable as its title suggests . Yet , this dark comedy about a self-help author plotting revenge on his sadistic former gym coach gets honest laughs because of performances that ring universally true .
Thornton 's straight-faced growl is consistently funny throughout this mild but effective comedy .
You can guess how it all ends , but getting there is a repetitious parade of put-downs and smackdowns that suggest you ca n't go home again .
The film 's poster showing Woodcock holding two strategically placed basketballs is funnier than anything in the actual movie !
There 's a funny movie somewhere in Mr. Woodcock . It 's too bad that the filmmakers were n't more mindful of the pot .
So misguided that even Sarandon blends into the background , having practically nothing to do except stand around and wring her hands as the two men in her life battle it out in a passive-aggressive war .
It 's just another comedy of contrived mortification and misunderstanding .
The movie uses up all its potential funny in its first 10 minutes , and then bounces between tossing up lame , pointless antics with a tenuous connection to the plot , and wimpily shifting the focus of its comeuppance .
Child abuse : har-dee-har-har .
Sharp performances enliven this formulaic comedy .
Though Mr. Woodcock -LRB- tee-hee ! -RRB- starts with that strong enough premise , it never bulks up the plot with comedic muscle and weighs in as a 98-pound weakling .
Thornton and Sarandon should have their Oscars repossessed , or at least temporarily revoked , for appearing in this insipid comedy .
Poehler , perversely , is so hilarious and has such terrific dialogue that she seems to have been flown in from another , funny movie .
Maybe the writers dwelled on some trite self-help mantra to delude themselves into thinking that the giggles that the title inspires would carry for 90 minutes .
To laugh at parts of this film would indicate one has a streak of Woodcockism in oneself . But to gaze in stupefied fascination is perfectly understandable .
Under Craig Gillespie 's uninspired direction , the humor eventually settles into stale , familiar pratfalls .
The finished product feels like the unloved child of a bad marriage where the only thing anyone remembers is the sharp edges .
Did n't Thornton go through many of these same tropes in that similar mediocrity School for Scoundrels ?
If this film were one of his students , Mr. Woodcock would have every reason to tell it to take another lap .
A predictable mano-a-mano macho competition that bogs and meanders .
A test of the audience 's patience and of Sarandon 's ability to maintain her dignity .
The whole thing is mean-spirited , ugly , crass , juvenile and seriously dumb . Worse , it is n't funny .
Thornton never cracks a smile ... His gloom is infectious .
Does anyone need further proof that perhaps Billy Bob Thornton is a comedy wet blanket ?
The few and far between chuckles and an amusing performance from Amy Poehler only keep it from being a painfully unfunny experience .
Has some good laughs -LRB- anytime a 10-year old kid gets hit in the head with a basketball that 's funny , it 's comedy gold -RRB- , but the movie can be best described as predictable .
completely aimless and without the slightest sense of fun
Instead of ending , it all just gives up with a sort of `` never mind '' ending that even Mr. Woodcock would have to call a foul on . Indeed , that is the best possible assessment of the movie as a whole .
A painfully unfunny and mean-spirited comedy , in which Billy Bob Thornton simply plays the same acerbic jerk character he 's been playing since Bad Santa , and jockish Seann William Scott tries to pass himself off as a former high school loser .
For Woodcock to deliver , the leads needed to amp things up , to bring their A-game , or at least match the effort they 've thrown at previous versions of these characters .
It 's actually not a bad movie , with enough scattered laughs to make it worth seeing . At matinee prices , anyway . At the cheap theater .
Director Craig Gillespie clearly knows a few things ; most important : If you have only 95 minutes of material , make an only 95-minute movie . Amazing how often that 's forgotten .
-LSB- A -RSB- marginally promising -- but ultimately unfunny -- comedy .
In this post-Apatow-the-arrested-development-genius world , it ca n't compete . The only thing worth watching is Sarandon , popping in from a classier reality .
Director Craig Gillespie keeps things moving along at a brisk clip , without doing anything particularly distracting or stylistic .
There are a decent number of laughs , but with all that potential , it 's hard not to think Mr. Woodcock is loafing . And that it 's the one that ought to be forced to run laps .
Mr. Woodcock is funny for exactly five minutes , during which time Woodcock is shown throwing basketballs at boys ' heads and mocking them for having dead parents .
Like a pitcher throwing three good innings , losing his fastball in the next three and tossing the ball in the stands at the end of the game .
It 's not offensive , just anemic . And even Coach Billy Bob ca n't whip it into shape .
In spite of its piecemeal approach , `` Mr. Woodcock '' erupts with sidesplitting slapstick gags that more than compensate for subplots that never add up .
Another addition to the Comedy of Humiliation genre plays like Meet the Parents with a lot less warmth .
Delivers only pitiful pratfalls and parents-having-sex jokes that are well past their sell-by date .
Billy Bob Thornton is still wearing his Bad Santa outfit in Mr. Woodcock ...
Mr. Woodcock is patently offensive trash , celebrating the humiliation and abuse -- mental and physical -- of children as an introduction into manhood , after exploiting that abuse for cheap comic effect .
There 's more genuine humor to be gleaned from saying ` Woodcock ' over and over again than from watching Mr. Woodcock .
a one-joke premise that will only appeal to those who snicker at the film 's title .
Woodcock 's a strictly flaccid family affair .
Billy Bob Thornton : acerbic aces !
While often both funny and perceptive , it 's less than memorable , and a weak ending reduces it to more of a time-filler than a movie that 's truly worthwhile .






@highlight

Underutilizing a talented cast , Mr. Woodcock lacks the comic energy and timing to make the most of its intriguing premise .