This is excellent and well worth the watch for any artist .
... successfully capture a spirit largely missing in American cinema ...
A loving , even moving , homage to a man whose influence still reverberates today .
Slick tribute a family affair
It is so refreshing to see a film with not one wasted second , beautiful acting , and a total understanding of its source material .
Wit , energy , heart and soul !
Informative , compelling , dramatic entertainment .
A personal film shot from the heart .
Who knew Mario had this much passion and creativity in him ? A great tribute to his father 's obsessive brilliance .
both as an atmospheric , often funny look at the wild world of independent moviemaking and as a surprisingly touching story of father/son bonding .
Disappoints in being so decorous , but it 's still a good yarn ; though Mario has always been too stolid as an actor , he surrounds himself here with some reliably good turns .
... so charged with love and a kind of astonished admiration that it would be small and unkind to dwell on its moments of clumsiness .
The most intriguing portions of this drama involve tales of how the elder Peebles circumvents the system in order to keep the camera rolling .
It 's an exhausting , and exhaustingly pleasurable , entertainment .
Compelling both as a chronicle of guerrilla filmmaking and as a son 's movie about his father , it presents a clear-eyed , warts-and-all view of artistic obsession .
It 's a riveting yarn about seat-of-the-pants moviemaking , populated with eccentric characters -- not the least of whom is Melvin .
Every independent filmmaker with a micro-budget and mega-dreams should see Baadasssss .
Baadasssss tells the story of that empowering moment in time , which overcomes any father-son hero worship that drags the film down .
Film history lessons do n't get any cooler than Baadasssss !
It is a slice of what happened by one of those it happened to .
Mario Van Peebles celebrates not just his father but the ragged glory of independent cinema in the risky days before DVD , Sundance and the Internet .
It 's Mario 's willingness to show his father as a flawed , three-dimensional person that drives Baadasssss !
Benefits from being a true story , but it would be a giddy , fast-paced romp even if it were fictional .
Seethes with well-targeted humor that mixes comfortably with its simmering energy and anger .
If you 're among the many who enjoy the fruits of today 's African-American cinema , you owe it to yourself to see how the seeds were sown .
It 's a great story and well worth remembering .
It 's a privileged view of a public moment ; Mario 's made a valentine to his father that 's both touching and surprisingly charming .
Watching Van Peebles portray papa Melvin 's struggle to bring filmdom into line with his militant conscience , you ca n't help but be swept up in the rediscovered intoxication of it all .
Ultimately a son 's affectionate tribute to his dad , a difficult man who floundered as a regular father but established himself as a `` founding father '' of a different sort .
... an extremely effective look at the making of a film ...
Effectively raw and stylish .
Works alternately as a weird kind of biopic , a movie about moviemaking and a film about a certain era in Hollywood .
Van Peebles ' stiff , needlessly flashy direction lacks the energy this material required to become truly transporting , and the relationships between the characters , particularly the father and son , is never convincing .
Through the filmmaking , and inside the film itself , the son visits the sins of the father and discovers a triumph , a legacy , a purpose .
Not just forgiving toward the elder Van Peebles , it 's filled with a spirit of comic amazement about what he accomplished .
It succeeds in one very important aspect : It makes you want to see the original movie that spawned it .
The last face we see belongs to the real Melvin , who does n't say a word -- but his fierce look confirms the story 's veracity and his pride in his son .
In Baadasssss ! 1970s blaxploitation cinema finally has its own Day for Night .
A reminder that good intentions do n't always make for good movies .
The rousing and irresistible story of the making of the 1971 action film Sweet Sweetback 's Baad Asssss Song .
If the crude style of Sweetback worked to its advantage , the same case ca n't be made for Van Peebles fils ' erratic docudrama .
A great glimpse inside an artist 's struggle . That is , an artist 's funky , nasty struggle .
-LSB- Melvin 's -RSB- utter cruelty toward Mario is shocking , especially watching the now-grown Mario re-enacting these episodes and taking the side of his former aggressor .
Mario Van Peebles , bearing an uncanny resemblance to his father , illuminates the soul of a man driven by a belief in himself and a love for his community .
A jolting , lively film .
What it lacks in focus , it makes up for in energy and commitment .
Is it political ? You bet your asssss .
Though you know it will end in eventual triumph , with the breaking of records and the making of black movie heroes , still you 're sucked into the struggle .
Mario 's done a good job of depicting Melvin 's accomplishments . Yet it seems to me that he 's still selling his father 's legacy short .
Never feels like anything more than kids playing dress-up .
A lively , absorbing , often uncannily authentic docudrama .
Mario lacks the finesse as a filmmaker to deliver the nuanced portrait his father deserves , but he largely succeeds : We see Melvin as a flawed man , but one who worked for something larger than himself .
Full of itself , as fiercely independent as it should be and primed with real passion , Baadasssss ! is a salute to an imperfect man , a history of an imperfect time and a celebration of an imperfect film that kicked doors open .
More nuanced and displays far more filmmaking finesse than Mario 's previous films as a director .
Fascinating , raw and full of the kind of crazy life we do n't see enough of on screen .
A color-saturated celebration of cinematic pleasure and filial love .
One of the best movies I 've seen about the making of a movie .
Provides a context for Sweetback , the film that launched `` blaxploitation '' cinema
It 's hard to imagine that the chronicle of an artistic ordeal could be this much fun to watch .
More competent and engaging than the film that inspired it , but it does n't go much beyond replaying history .
A sobering and wildly entertaining account of how the elder Van Peebles crashed through the hurdles that continue to hinder independent filmmakers .
It works as a biopic , as a truly American story , and as a sentimental , but never cloying , gift from son to father -- and from father to son .
A film that is actually better than the film that inspired it .
It makes you wish a documentary had been made instead of a docudrama .
Mario has his dad down , and if the acting is often blatant , this does fit the original .
You do n't need to have seen the father 's movie to enjoy the son 's , a multitiered fantasia that 's part cinema history , part family reunion , and all hall of mirrors .
Not only a very personal account , but also a savvy stylistic homage to Sweetback 's shoe-string methods and a powerful primer of historical and sociological context .
The funny and original ` Baadasssss ! ' is a boiling pot of politics , filmmaking and self-discovery .
Baadasssss ! is one bad movie -- and I mean that in the most affectionate sense .
While he does n't quite make the same sort of giant leap his father made , Mario takes a small step with an expertise and enthusiasm anyone could appreciate .
It has a good deal of energy and a splashy visual style , but its mixture of dramatic recreation , interviews and social commentary succeeds only sporadically .
Compelling storytelling from the opening frame to the final credits , led by a cigar-chomping iconoclast doing it by any means necessary .
One is very glad to have Baadasssss ! around , if only to remind younger moviegoers that taking chances and breaking rules can reap huge dividends .
What keeps the saccharine ` Hey kids , let 's put on a show ! ' vibe at bay is Mario 's surprisingly clear-eyed view of his father .
The love radiates off the screen in this cinematic valentine , as Mario pays moving tribute to the influential filmmaker he has the privilege of calling ` Dad . '
A tour-de-force by Mario Van Peebles , who not only does an uncanny impression of his cocky and often unsympathetic father , but briskly directed and wrote the insightful screenplay -LRB- based on his father 's memoirs -RRB- with Dennis Haggerty .
A meta-cool history lesson and homage .
The best-told tale Mario Van Peebles has ever filmed . Full of psychological and cultural riches , it 's a real gift that he can thank his father for living and giving .
Melvin 's story , different from Sweetback 's , has to do with marketing that resistance , to make his movie matter .
The tribute is touching , not only in Van Peebles ' dedication , but also in his honest portrayal that does n't overlook dad 's periodic megalomania and paternal failures .
Polarizing and potentially galvanizing .
A funny and interesting look at independent filmmaking - no matter what color . It 's hard to do the movie justice - it 's plays much better than it sounds .
... Melvin 's counterculture classic will always outshine as the forefather , but Mario 's better-crafted companion piece is just as historically vital and easily as empowering .
A marvelously entertaining and fascinating film .
An entertaining movie .
For all its serious issues , Baadasssss ! is terrific fun .
Mario Van Peebles 's film is a lightly fictionalized account of the making of Sweet Sweetback 's Baadassss Song , the 1971 film directed by his father , Melvin Van Peebles .
Colorful time capsule of a movie .
A madcap movie about the risks , the chaos , and the delirium of making an independent African-American film in 1970 .
The beauty of Baadasssss ! is the way Mario Van Peebles salutes his father 's truth by coaxing it into legend .
If the script , written by Mario with Dennis Haggerty , stops short of outright lionizing or demonizing , it leaves a strangely tepid character in its place .
The son bears witness to his father 's struggle and turns it into heroic legend .
a well-made and entertaining film , full of some of the best scenes that Mario Van Peeples has ever directed
As entertaining a documentary as the ` song ' from which it takes off .
This is one of the best movies of the year .
The film is technically raw , but the sight of Van Peebles playing his father at a defining moment in movie history exerts a potent fascination .
BAADASSSSS ! is a celebration of Melvin 's struggle to make Baadassss Song on his own terms despite an endless string of financial and personal mishaps .
As actor , helmer and co-scenarist -LRB- with Dennis Haggerty -RRB- , Mario ultimately delivers a tale that 's engrossing for its underdog quality and significant place in film history .
While Mario Van Peebles ' gauzy adoration for his father causes BAADASSSSS ! to be less defined than it should be , the obvious affection makes the uneven film heartfelt .
There 's something both heroic and devilishly smart in the way the film lionizes the utopianism of the '60s while chronicling its demise .
Very interesting .







@highlight

An entertaining and intriguing tribute to a father from his son .