The negotiation of each character 's burdensome collective history as they try to figure out how to proceed into a more rational future , makes for engaging and articulate multinational storytelling .
Israeli filmmaker Fox and his cast create vivid , recognisable characters who dare to grapple with untouchable topics .
An entertaining , sensitive thriller highlighted by Lior Ashkenazi , a babe magnet if there ever was one , that only falls apart with its simplistic , feel-good climax .
Fast moving and intelligent enough to hold the interest of anyone with a marginal understanding of politics and history .
An ambitious film , wrapped inside the package of a thriller , that delivers on most - if not all - of its lofty aspirations .
Most definitely , there 's something happening here .
It 's essentially a personal drama , but the fact that it plays out within the barest framework of a genre thriller gives it a weird , appealing edge .
Ashkenazi ... -LRB- is -RRB- believable as an instrument of crude justice , a good soldier who 's only just beginning to question his orders .
In spite of the string of false notes struck at the close , Walk on Water leaves you with much to admire and to ponder , including a trio of fine performances .
As frustrating and overbearing as parts of the film are , the inability to pin it down completely does makes it all the more watchable .
Honorable but not particularly affecting ...
What holds all the divisions of Walk on Water , and the rest of Fox 's ambitious but slightly far-flung agenda , together is Ashkenazi 's stirring performance .
The history of this film sparkles with fresh thinking .
Has its heart in the right place , but the grim reality of day-to-day events in the region nullify its strained opposites-attract formulaics .
The picture takes a satisfyingly long time revealing secrets .
Terrific Israeli drama .
The film deals with many serious issues , some of them only superficially , but Fox places them all in the context of the growing friendship between the two opposites .
If you want to test the current state of Israel 's collective soul you could do a whole lot worse than Walk on Water .
Affecting performances by the cast place those abstract issues firmly in the human world .
This movie already has enough topics on the table . As a result , none gets the attention it deserves .
Walk on Water tracks the shifting dynamics of Eyal 's relationships with the grandchildren , and they 're three people whose behavior will make sense to you only if you 've never met any actual humans .
The well-made Walk on Water explores emotional fallout from the Holocaust in a contemporary Israeli setting .
The director skillfully maintains steady pacing , incorporates scenes of Israel 's geography and landmarks , and explores human interaction at its most awkward , tense , and beautiful .
Walk on Water is n't a brilliant film , but it 's a good one and worth seeing for fine performances and the issues it raises .
This keen , ambitious movie has too much on its plate , although the morsels are fascinating .
Fox 's tidy ending is anything but miraculous .
Half a gem with its legs cut out from under it by its desire to have its cake and eat it , too .
If there are no simple solutions offered to calm Israel 's troubles , there is still hope in this fine portrait of a country torn too many ways .
Though its characters are n't terribly complex , and its plot holds few surprises , the screenplay -LRB- in English , German , and Hebrew -RRB- amounts to a worthy treatise on the need to forgo revenge .
Fox 's film seems to say that the kind of saintly purity that would enable one to walk on water -- or to kill with impunity and without repercussions -- does n't exist .
Familiar territory
Ultimately sinks under the weight of an unwieldy script and uncommunicative performances .
A compelling thriller that manages to incorporate a seemingly impossible bundle of disparate elements -- Jewish-Arab animosity , homophobia , the haunting aftershocks of the Holocaust , and the repercussions of suicide .
Will resonate with all sorts of viewers .
The past 's hold on these people is examined with intelligence and insight , and the final scenes are quite touching .
Walk On Water deals with weighty subject matter without making it a heavy movie .
A film that brilliantly works the intersection of the personal and the political .
The film 's themes are undermined by a heavy-handed use of paradox and symbolism .
It 's a noble and humanizing work with an engaging and intimate tone and look .
For a film to tackle such a crazy quilt of ideas is perhaps certifiable . That it almost pulls it off is borderline miraculous .
It 's part spy thriller , part romance and part psychological drama about the toll revenge takes on the human soul .
Ambitious , troubled , worthy inquisition into the soul of modern Israel .
Watching , you ca n't help but feel the issues , the serious as well as the fun ones , are ill-served by the perfunctory examinations offered by the filmmaker .
Works best in isolated spots early on as a series of intriguing character studies .
Even when Walk on Water does n't quite have you by the heart , its little fingers fumble around in your brain .
Lior Ashkenazi , who stars in it as an emotionally buttoned-down Mossad agent , has the debonair subtlety and charisma of an Israeli Clive Owen .
Israeli thriller-drama is a challenging tale with a few flaws , but it 's also impressive , memorable and complex .
Interest never wanes as this story unfolds , though -LSB- screenwriter -RSB- Uchovsky starts a lot more than he can finish satisfactorily in 104 minutes .
Fox -LRB- Yossi & Jagger -RRB- never builds a full-blooded drama around the all-too - apparent scaffolding of Uchovsky 's script .
Fox falters a bit with the narrative , but offers a fascinating treatment of the issues facing the descendents of Jewish victims and their German persecutors , as well as one of the most chilling birthday parties ever filmed .
Even though it 's a little slow and bumpy in parts , this is an eye-opening journey that just might open your mind .
Fox ca n't decide if Walk on Water is a terrorist thriller or a gay buddy story , and neither can the viewer .
Fox intends to draw historical parallels between Jewish and Palestinian victims , but the film nearly drowns in earnest morality .
Most art house movies do n't have enough drama . Walk on Water has twice as much as it needs .
Thought-provoking .
Whether it veers toward cloak-and-dagger espionage , gay agitprop , or even comedy ... , this drama never flags , although much of what develops is hardly surprising .
Does not always convince , but with its interest in a range of issues that matter , it always has our full attention .
An odd bird , a slight-feeling indie film that slowly builds into a substantial meditation on contemporary politics , sexual and otherwise .
Now with a bigger budget and a much longer running time , Fox has opted instead to use long stretches of talk to do the job for him .
Engages the emotions , but it compromises its message of personal liberation through the hokey conventions of a '40s espionage thriller .
An overly schematic , deeply flawed script and wan perfs keep this from being a crossover crowd-pleaser .
Compassionate and marvelously acted .
At once glossily commercial and brimming with intellectual ambition .
The complex questions Walk on Water raises receive only confused answers .
A sweeping travelogue as well as one of the finest Israeli films of recent years .
Fox could n't decide what sort of film this is : action , morality play , or romantic comedy . We got copious amounts of each , ... water -LSB- ing -RSB- down a very promising start .
Superbly acted , and blessed with subtle and deep characterizations .
In Eytan Fox 's Walk on Water , the Sea of Galilee is paved with good intentions .








@highlight

Politically complex and ambitious , Walk on Water delivers a memorable story of guilt , revenge , and human connectivity .