Romance & Cigarettes wears thin , like a moral for the titular addiction : Sure , there 's the sweet dream of that first drag , but a whole pack 'll do a body bad .
When it succeeds , it soars with great abandon , and when it fails , it fails so grandly that we still want to applaud it . This is a madhouse of a movie .
It should n't work , but there 's something beautiful in Turturro 's non-judgmental , almost affectionate , exposure of human love as the courting dance of clueless primates
In a season seasoned with off-beat originality in the movies , from Lars and the Real Girl to I 'm Not There , you still have not seen anything quite like John Turturro 's extraordinary Romance and Cigarettes .
The film has an overall tonal inconsistency and suffers from the occasional bout of tin-ear-itis , which ultimately derails this sometimes interesting attempt at reinvigorating the genre .
... you have not lived till you 've seen Walken belt out a Tom Jones tune .
It takes us on a unique , passionately committed journey .
How weird is John Turturro 's Romance & Cigarettes ? Almost indescribably weird , though also strangely involving .
John Turturro has crafted a truly unique American musical worthy of the Coen brothers ' executive producer credits .
Romance and Cigarettes is a dark-red valentine to the way that pop music gets under our skin .
One of the most inventive , surprising and challenging American films of 2005 . Pity that it 's 2007 .
A step away from Springtime for Hitler -- a classic awful .
I found myself smiling with bafflement for most of the film , mostly enjoying the unorthodoxy of the whole thing .
An ambitious experiment , it 's not entirely successful , but it 's easy to admire .
Romance and Cigarettes is a clever idea , poorly executed .
A cheerfully bizarre delight for anyone open to its decidedly off-beat charms .
It is not every musical that features lung cancer and James Gandolfini singing along with Engelbert Humperdinck to that every-day-I-wake-up 1960s standard ` A Man Without Love . '
While it looks like it was great fun to film , it 's regrettably little fun to watch .
This singing-along-to-the-radio effect has a dingy charm that honors the blue-collar Italian setting , yet Turturro spoils it by turning the movie into a hip star party .
Any film that features an entrance by Christopher Walken strutting down a driveway to Elvis Presley 's Trouble merits attention .
The movies need more of this kind of crazy .
May be a sort of mess , but it 's a joyously infectious one .
Okay , so there is a certain ` gotta-see-it-to-believe-it ' factor when you 're watching Tony Soprano suffering horrific bowel problems and singing Springsteen 's Red-Headed Woman , but seriously , folks ...
Romance & Cigarettes is not your usual drama about a troubled marriage . It attempts something startlingly original by melding light opera with soap opera .
Romance and Cigarettes is lewd and it 's lurid and looks to be a lost pop opera , but it has more vitality than anything else out there .
John Turturro 's Romance & Cigarettes is the real thing , a film that breaks out of Hollywood jail with audacious originality , startling sexuality , heartfelt emotions , and an anarchic liberty .
The movie comes on as a novelty item , meaning it 's so full of disparate parts and so unable to approach coherence , it just sits there and burns out .
Turturro 's reach considerably exceeds his grasp .
Was it mass hysteria ? Were they all hypnotized ? Did they lose some dreadful bet ?
It has cult item stamped all over it , and fans of -LRB- severely -RRB- experimental cinema might see it as a revelation . Most others will find that watching this movie is like having your senses beaten with a rake .
If you 're game for something different , it 's worth a few giggles .
There is more raw vitality pumping through Romance & Cigarettes than in a dozen perky high school musicals .
by and large a complete wreck .
It 's karaoke with a vengeance , the circle of the inferno that Dante could never in his wildest imaginings anticipate .
It all might have been more effective had there been more variation , but nuance is a foreigner to Turturro , who pitches things at ever-more screeching levels of vulgarity .
With Walken around , hair up high , of course there are fleeting moments of fascinating weirdness , but even then , you 're still moderately embarrassed for the cast .
Turturro aims for postmodern irony and misses .
Romance & Cigarettes is less a story than a state of mind , and less a musical than a meditation on how we instinctively set our lives to music , if not other musicals ; unfortunately , it is just shy of convincing on both counts .
An appallingly bad , mostly unwatchable embarrassment to everyone involved .
Romance and Cigarettes is good , not-so-clean fun .
Romance & Cigarettes feels like a Jacques Demy film played at the wrong speed .
Gandolfini singing , Sarandon serenading , Walken dancing to `` Delilah '' in a Coen Brothers ' production , what could go wrong ?
Such an outrageous film that it 's almost impossible not to adore it .
Turturro pulls off a very tricky balancing act , by trusting in the expertise of his performers and by infusing the whole film with energy and affection .
The film , after all , is the cinematic equivalent of a malignant tumor . Luckily , for it , there is a cure : simply avoid it like the plague .
Terrific as a musical , indifferent as a drama , the movie 's great cast fails to rescue a scattershot approach . See it , though , for Walken on inspired form .
Romance and Cigarettes may not always work as well as it probably should , but regardless there 's no arguing with the originality of Turturro 's piece .
An uneven , but sporadically entertaining movie .
As styles diverge , unease creeps in and overshadows the actors .
Energetic , colourful and occasionally just downright weird , this has Future Cult Movie written all over it .
It 's fun to watch all these people strut their stuff . I just feel like being on the set must have been more fun than the ` official ' movie that resulted .
It is n't funny , magical , or realistic . In fact , it 's downright unwatchable .
Bargain-basement Dennis Potter
Alternately shines and sputters .
A karaoke nightmare .





@highlight

This movie musical aims for fun and modern , but Romance and Cigarettes is too scattered and uneven to achieve either .