Whether the good performances , or sheer twisted attitude it presents to the same old formula , I enjoyed it , and the story .
It 's a surreal , offbeat comedy where the kidnappers are hopelessly inept while Bell feels hopelessly at sea .
Despite the top-drawer cast assembled for his debut feature , the director Arie Posin 's account of emotional dislocation in the ` burbs is stymied by a fatally uneven tone and a growing suspicion that we 've been down this road many , many times before .
A strong cast promises great things , but The Chumscrubber loses itself on the way to its indie aspirations .
Sadly , despite Bell 's eye-catching performance and Glenn Close 's disturbing Stepford Wife portrayal , I found this messy movie as self-absorbed as most of its characters .
Ten years ago , The Chumscrubber might have seemed groundbreaking . Today , it 's not just unoriginal but as dull and nondescript as a Barratt home .
It is witty and subversive , with flashes of magical realism and apocalyptic CG that both provokes and unnerves .
A tragic waste of acting talent , with nothing new to say . Can we please now politely close the door on middle-class repression before we get really angry ?
Much like its characters : decorative , entertaining and emotionally empty .
Even though it feels derivative , this blackly comical suburban drama is loaded with terrific details . And it features yet another excellent performance from Jamie Bell .
Posin aims for are out of his reach and he 's left to scrabble desperately for a story to plug in the gaps .
Such is the sordid state of affairs in that emerging genre that might be termed suburban noir , as it inches ever closer to horror and the supernatural .
An agonizingly bad movie .
The complex screenplay is admirable for its plot structure , its dark humour and its storytelling tricks , but the film ends up playing like a well developed project about teen-parent alienation , while itself alienating many of us in the audience .
Almost = Magnolia Pieces of April . Nice script , tight direction ; but riddled with a disturbing-tension , & cynical outlook more apt to unsettle than entertain .
Wittier than Not Another Teen Movie , stealthier than Storytelling
The title does n't offer much of an indication what ` The Chumscrubber ' is about ; frankly , after 107 minutes of watching it , you may still be wondering .
as complacent as its Hillside denizens , unfortunately spawning the very mindset it rails against .
There 's something up in Suburbia , if anyone cares to notice ... Been there , done that , but , the actors make this a great film
Works as a smarter version of those John Hughes movies we all watched as kids because it aims for the center of that surreal , satirical dart board of ` teenage experience . '
It 's a visually impressive but emotionally tin-eared trawl over that oft-scraped indie film territory , the soulless suburban landscape .
A precocious , smarmy film that tries to spin spurious coincidence into high art .
An impassioned and occasionally mesmerizing first effort that 's at once messier , more complex and more ambitious than many recent suburban dystopias .
The story of the film : Studio money chasing after the cult-film audience and getting all the superficial elements right while missing the spirit entirely . It 's the cinematic equivalent of Candlebox .
One of the better films seen at this year 's Sundance fest , `` Chumscrubber '' is worth looking out for .
An appallingly clumsy and stupid take on drugs , kidnapping and suicide in suburbia .
The hip teen satire has gotten awfully familiar .
Familiar themes , stellar acting .
A movie that wants to be daring but winds up feeling prefabricated .
It 's a tricky road , and goodness knows Posin and screenwriter Zac Stanford hit their share of speed bumps , but somehow these two still manage to craft one of the more singularly original breathlessly entertaining pictures I 've seen this summer .
The art of the suburban-culture film has become paint-by-numbers filmmaking . Throw in some insane characters , medication and a little violence , and ... voila , it 's a dark and profound satire on the absurdity of modern life .
A true original -- bleakly funny ; exhilaratingly unpredictable ; and , by the end , strangely optimistic in the way its characters , for better or worse , get what 's coming to them .
It 's a Big Idea movie that comes out only half-baked .
There are some very good performances and some strong writing .
A sob story at the core , but set in a surreal place with exaggerated , oddball characters so it plays for laughs , until the moment it hits you right in the gut .
Skewering suburbia -- gee , never seen that before
Trite plot mechanics could be forgiven if it were either funny enough or dramatically weighty enough to be as memorable as the movies it apes .
An uninspired satire on sanitized suburban life .
Instead of stifling or sickly sweet , the sunshine looks inviting and the suburban houses , those would-be symbols of conformity , seem like nice places to live .
Has just enough scathing wit , absurdist flourishes , and pathos to make it noteworthy .
It 's neither funny nor sad , and it 's filled with cheats , phony come-ons and red herrings .
Vacillates between the engaging and the silly , buoyed by energetic performances but pulled underwater by self-satisfied writing and direction .
Chumscrubber , a sort of American Beauty meets Donnie Darko , is unfortunately released at a time when the public is saturated with screen anatomies of suburban malaise
... even if it 's not quite perfect , it 's reaching for greatness , and it wants to be profound , and in some ways , that 's enough .
Arie Poser 's overworked satire of social alienation is a. . . sour portrait of suburban hypocrisy .
The finished film ca n't keep up with its ambitions , concluding with an all-too-easy act of violence to keep the audience invested .
One of those movies that Tells Us What Is Wrong With America , and is it just me who does n't think we need to be lectured by bad movies ?
An example of indie films at their worst : advocating itself as something profound and incisive , while merely recycling old ideas with help from a hackneyed screenplay .
Exploring suburban malaise is nothing new ... but The Chumscrubber puts a fresh coat on the arguments .
A shallow , synthetic critique of suburbia loaded with more hand-me-down quirks than it can justify .
At once dreamily surreal , acutely intelligent , and strikingly tough-minded .
An insufferable , self-conscious cult movie .
Chumscrubber is Darko redux , albeit seen through a suburban gauze that 's straight out of Desperate Housewives .
Fiercely quirky ... feels less like a fully realized movie , and more like a delivery system for an eventual domination of the T-shirt aisle at Hot Topic .
You 'd need a passport to take up residence in this community which has all the reality of a video arcade . Or , a genetic profile that assures abnormality .
It 's vision of suburban living is about as artificial and narrow-minded as the original NES Paperboy game it seemingly evokes during its opening CGI sequence
A failed satirical circus created by people trying to appear hip to the youth of America .
Very shrewdly written , its plots and subplots foreshadowing one another and eventually coming together in wonderfully unexpected ways .




@highlight

This derivative poke at suburbia falls short of delivering a scathing indictment of upper middle-class disconnect .