The plot is seldom given room to breathe between the big numbers which , for the most part , disappoint .
To be clear , Burlesque itself is n't worth writing about : the plot is shopworn , the acting oddly awkward and stilted .
Just terrible enough to make you wish it was even worse .
It 's totally ridiculous , utterly unbelievable and deliciously naughty as much as a PG-13 movie can be .
What Antin should take away from this experience is that it takes a lot more than a clichéd-filled story , some dancing , forgettable music , and a bland script to make an interesting and engaging musical .
... wears out its welcome to an almost astonishing degree ...
Welcome back , plotline of 1933 ; you have n't aged a bit .
The alarmingly plastic surgery-ified Cher , with her face looking like a condom stretched over a beach umbrella , gives a performance here as the club owner that 's not so much ` still ' as ` immobile ' .
This is all about the music and director/writer Steve Antin has fashioned a spectacle worthy of Broadway .
Burlesque may be aiming for Cabaret-style glamour , but mostly it plays like stale cheese .
The tone is earnest , verging on sentimental . Or maybe it 's just the effect of Antin 's leaden dialogue , for it inspires some execrable acting . As a movie star , Aguilera is yet to shine .
So bad it 's good or just plain bad ? Terribly entertaining with emphasis on the terribly , or just , you know , terrible ?
Burlesque is unlikely to convert any new followers to either its stars or its subject matter .
The images are murky and off-putting , the wisecracks fall flat , and the musical numbers are n't stylish or excessive enough to be memorable .
Yes , Burlesque is bad , but it 's the good kind of bad , with plenty of unintentional laughs and a powerfully dreadful lead performance by Cher .
Burlesque offers such an archetypal Hollywood narrative that explaining what happens in the film is almost irrelevant .
Burlesque is awful . The script is horrendous . The acting is dismal . The musical numbers are glitzy and glittery , but even all the half-naked women on stage ca n't make this film particularly thrilling .
While campy and clichéd , this is a surprisingly enjoyable piece of escapism with Christina Aguilera delivering an impressive turn in the lead role .
Yes , it bears absolutely no resemblance to the historical art of burlesque , but that 's like complaining Jurassic Park did n't have enough palaeontology in it .
Even the dances feel cozily dated , as choreographers Denise Faye and Joey Pizzi borrow liberally from Bob Fosse .
Burlesque manages what seemed impossible : It is filled with half-naked dancing girls , yet it 's still boring .
-LSB- Steve -RSB- Antin has n't really written Burlesque , he has merely spooned the story out of a can labelled ` Instant Musical : Just add eyeliner . '
Elevator music
Rarely have so many straight-faces been employed in the service of so many risible lines and hackneyed plot-developments as in Burlesque .
Collapses under a heap of boring love triangles , tame backstage rivalries , ear-splitting musical numbers and hyperactively edited routines .
Small potatoes to Verhoeven 's masterpiece are still quite good .
There has n't been a movie this fabulously awful since Showgirls .
Not enough films hit the sweet spot that Burlesque does between ridiculous , flagrantly decrepit and yet game enough in spangly execution to sweep you along .
So bad it 's moderately entertaining , Burlesque is a lesson in how not to put on a musical .
There 's an innocent sweetness about this showcase for Christina Aguilera 's vocal and dance skills that just about excuses its utter hokiness .
Expect sequins , sparkle and camp fun , just do n't go looking for sensual thrills .
verything works out very well - except for the audience , which is lumbered with all the embarrassment the film refuses to feel .
For a film with so much camp promise and the world crying out for a successor to the so-bad-it 's - good cult Showgirls , this cliché packed film is disappointingly mediocre .
Although the story contains absolutely nothing new -LRB- there is a comforting familiarity to it , in fact -RRB- Burlesque has balls .
Burlesque explodes on screen with raunchy , contemporary razzle dazzle and knock out performances by the sizzling hot Christina Aguilera and the legendary Cher
Try to make ` Showgirls ' for 12 year olds and you please no one . What a tease .
First off , I just ca n't hate any movie that features the vocals of both Cher and Christina Aguilera , not to mention a few minutes of the wonderful Alan Cumming in a scene reminiscent of ` Cabaret . '
Intentionally or not , it might be the comedy of the year .
Oh God , it 's terrible ... but God , it 's wonderful .
Camper than Lady Gaga riding a unicorn down Brighton seafront .
It 's difficult to imagine a more outrageously camp movie than this glittery romp , and fortunately there 's a sense that the cast and crew understand this .
Writer and director Steve Antin 's first theatrical effort is hardly a total misfire , filled with too much fun stuff that goes down relatively easily for that to be the case .
It 's two movies in one , one of which achieves Showgirls-level badness . Burlesque 's soundtrack is a much better investment than a movie ticket .
`` Get your ass up , show me how you burlesque , '' growls one of this indulgent movie 's indulgent musical numbers that swaggers with pearls , glitter and red lipstick - if not grammatical verb usage .
Has the glitz and allure of a Victoria 's Secret ad . What it does n't have is an imaginative reinvention of the show-biz clichés that have so adamantly inspired it .
Horrible plotting , hilariously insipid dialogue , often-awkward performances - these things add up to a film you can joyfully ridicule with your friends .
If you go to Burlesque expecting a campy hoot on the order of Showgirls , you may be in for a disappointment . It 's not quite awful enough , although it 's plenty bad .
In essence , an update of an old Warner Bros. backstage musical , spiced with the ersatz - ` Cabaret ' naughtiness of its insular neo-burlesque club setting -LRB- complete with a barely utilized Alan Cumming as a Joel Grey-like eminence fey -RRB- .
One dumb movie -- and that 's about the nicest way of describing this amazing collection of backstage musical clichés .
A paste jewel of a musical , replete with shoddy script and over-strenuous staging , but some overall glamour and intermittent fun .
It 's no great surprise that Christina Aguilera can sing . But I 'm sorry to report that her breakout movie is similarly revelation free .
A movie called Burlesque must be tacky and trashy . And lo ! it is both of these things .
Aguilera 's movable feast of a body and Cher 's immobile face will draw an audience to see this film .
It 's camp alright : prison camp .
Was n't it astonishing that the only nude scene involved not one of the burlesque dancers , but the posterior of the handsome male lead , who also has an on-and-off relationship with shirts ?
It 's epically contrived and , like some kind of gay Avatar , completely weightless underneath all the surface sheen .
As a winningly knowing exercise in ludicrously OTT extravagance , it 's hard to fault .
Certainly , Cher does n't need to sell herself : she 's Cher , mesmerizingly fabricated , never finished . The movie does n't seem to quite get that .
a heaping helping of corn pone laced with a glittering cascade of glitzy production numbers
Burlesque is a camp fiesta and a shamelessly bad good time that should be played at midnight venues with cocktails and hors d'uvres served , an entire drag court in attendance and those slightly less fabulous along for the ride .
As good as Aguilera 's voice is , without proper camerawork , adequate editing and a well developed story , Burlesque might as well have been a CD , not a feature film .
Aguilera delivers a forgettable performance as an actress but unforgettable song and dance routines .
For what it 's worth , it 's probably the best 2-star movie of 2010 -- and if that 's a prime example of damning with faint praise , it 's nevertheless the best I can muster .
You know how movie stars lie and say they never see their own films ? The hilariously bad Burlesque would be a great opportunity to actually follow through on that .
Directed and scripted by Pussycat Dolls producer Steve Antin , `` Burlesque '' is `` Flashdance '' - meets - `` Showgirls '' and proves that it is possible to make `` Chicago '' look good .
Tuneless . Monotonous . Dull . Most of Burlesque 's music fits the first , the plot the second and the third describes acting that is so-so within a way-too-long story .
An entertaining showcase for Christina Aguilera 's amazing vocal talent . Plus glitzy showgirl routines liven things up with sexy , amusing , energetic fun .
A familiar cliché-ridden backstage showbiz film that 's been done a million times before , but mostly better .
It 's no turkey but a succulent bird , a -LRB- hot -RRB- pink flamingo with colorful plumage .
The movie is an affront to all things screenwriting ; a package of empty envelopes at the cliche factory that actually should have every cliche filing a class action lawsuit to stop the film from using their likeness .
Mostly tries to copy Moulin Rouge and Chicago , but comes closer to recalling Mariah Carey 's Glitter .
Rated a family-friendly PG-13 , Burlesque never loses its s -- , never gets erotically out of hand , never devolves into delicious camp .
It may not be the main course for the Thanksgiving weekend , but it 's a pretty tasty dessert .
Burlesque razzle-dazzles its way through a litany of familiar showbiz clichés and comes out , for the most part , with sequins and false eyelashes intact .
Aguilera 's voice can only carry a movie so far , and Burlesque has nothing to fall back on once the novelty of watching her tear through numbers wears off .
There is n't an original thought in the entire film . If the script stinks , nothing or no one can save the movie .
This cast is forced to utter some of the most awful , cliched lines ever spoken on celluloid . I 'd repeat some of them here , but I 'm suffering from a sudden case of writer 's block .
The dialogue falls upon the ear like baseball bats .
We 've seen these kinds of clubs before , usually with guys dressed up as Madonna , Barbra , Cher -- wait , there 's the guy doing Cher now . In a sailor hat and tights . Oh dear God ... it actually IS Cher .
Christina Aguilera 's film debut in ` Burlesque ' is not an updated version of ` Showgirls . ' In fact , with the big screen return of Cher , along with the dance choreography and singing by the two leads , the film is really an enjoyable guilty pleasure .
Burlesque gets by for a little while on its spirit and general eagerness to entertain ... But it quickly becomes clear that Antin has miscalculated in some major ways .
At least Aguilera 's singing makes up for some of the rest of the film 's misgivings . If only her acting was on par , and the film had n't jumped headfirst into a tub of clichés . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
A campy , satisfying showcase for the impressively flashy vocal and sartorial stylings of Cher and Christina Aguilera .
Tells a pretty hoary old story , but does it with just enough style and conviction to get by .
As cheese , Burlesque is a processed American foodstuff pretending to be French .
Is it too much to ask for one wig to get snatched ?
Falling in the pillowy cleavage between mildly awful and slightly entertaining , Burlesque is a clichéd rags-to-diva story that culminates in a series of Christina Aguilera videos .
No finesse . Just plot and dialogue that land with audible thuds .
A love letter written in rhinestones , feathers and glitter glue .
Sexy musical is forgettable despite talented stars .
Burlesque may be this year 's model of a solid song and dance ` feel good ' . In truth , it 's a trite feel nothing .
A brain dead construct that trades in absurd clichés and obvious stereotypes .
A generic , sanitized version of Showgirls that blatantly plagiarizes dozens of far superior musicals .
I was eagerly expecting Burlesque to be a gloriously bad movie . Unfortunately , it 's just not bad enough .
A movie that quickly proves achingly dull , with none of the madness , verve or talent of Paul Verhoeven 's `` Showgirls '' or even the workmanlike energy of Rob Marshall 's `` Chicago . ''
This corny guilty pleasure of a movie is a fitting two-hander for these seasoned pros .
Every Thanksgiving needs a turkey , and this year 's comes wrapped in a lacy bustier .
This is a music video ; an ego piece for two fading stars that is one of the most creatively bankrupt pieces of cinema in years . Actually , most music videos are better .
Aguilera can dance like nobody 's business , but her acting debut is n't going to keep Anne Hathaway awake at night .
This rags-to-sequins tale may be schmaltzy in its sincerity , but 't is the season . Glitter is optional , but certainly encouraged .
You do n't even have to know the title of one of Aguilera 's pop hits to appreciate her performance : In case there was ever any doubt , Burlesque proves the girl 's got talent .
It 's big , perfectly cast and entertaining in every way , but more than that it feels like a generous public event . See it with other people . See it with a crowd .
The movie is frivolous fun , but not , as I had sort of hoped , as sinfully awful as Showgirls , Mariah Carey 's Glitter or Britney Spears ' Crossroads .
Two hours of recycled plots and plastic acting .
`` Burlesque '' is top-heavy from start to finish . Maybe that 's what you do when you have nothing new to say .
I 'm not a big fan of either woman , but they won me over with their willingness to commit to this script .
Shimmying , shaking and preposterous , it emerges as another splashy , sleazy showbiz tale , signifying very little .
Bugsby Berkeley with Botox . And if you 're thinking pasties and poles when mulling about the movie and issues around truth in advertising , forget about it . This PG-13 contemporary rhinestone retro-romp is basically sexual innuendo with garments .
The tremulous collision of Xtina and the face that launched a thousand drag shows ... what happens when an irresistible sex object like Aguilera meets Cher 's immovable upper lip . It is n't always pretty but on occasion it 's guiltily pleasurable .
Approximately 10 % of you are going to LOVE this movie .
Not as bad as `` Showgirls '' but not nearly as good as `` Chicago , '' `` Burlesque '' hits its marks and high-kicks its way offstage just before it gets the hook .
Tucci is great and underused , and Cher acquits herself nicely in her first film role in seven years . But writer/director Steve Antin has his stars sashaying between dance numbers with little narrative thread .
The whole thing 's so safe , so straight , so completely anti-fabulous it could put Elton John in gray flannel .
All the jiggly bosoms , skimpy outfits , and garish songs ca n't disguise the fact that this picture is utterly brain dead ... only things missing here are some type of cancer scare , vampires , and a cameo by Liam Neeson .
Ignore the hamming ; Burlesque is better at glamming , and that 's just fine for those of us with a taste for glittery spectacle and earnestly campy theatrics .
I 's not interesting enough to be a disaster .
Maybe Burlesque will serve as the imitation goods that spurs a consumer revolution for something more authentic . Aw , who am I kidding ? It wo n't .
Bland Burlesque is n't even awful enough to qualify as a so-bad-it 's - good guilty pleasure . Oh well .
It 's Funny Girl in lingerie .
Gosh , the piles of silliness in this magnificent piece of trash are almost too much to bear ... -LSB- T -RSB- his is the sort of cinematic junk food that the term ` guilty pleasure ' was invented for .
Makes one long for its NC-17-rated forefather , 1995 's Showgirls .
Instead of leading with what Aguilera does best -- belting , vamping , spotlight hogging -- the movie shoehorns her into a rehashed backstage musical conceit .
A clichéd drag that wastes talented actors .
It 's more corny than campy and more silly than sexy , much more 's the pity . No one could say that Aguilera does n't give it her all , though . This is her first real acting assignment , and by God , she 's going to act .
It 's entertaining enough , like watching a celebrity workout film with a plot . But never once is it believable . Really , the movie should last 30 seconds .
It 's more hallucination than story , but hey , If you think of it as a slightly deranged long music video divathon it can be a lot of fun .
If I seem fixated on appearances here , what can I tell you ; there is n't much else here on which to fixate one 's attention .
Showcasing Aguilera 's attempt to sound like a 50-year-old black woman in the guise of white appropriation , Burlesque sells a myth about show business that is both unwelcome and shopworn .
A terrible film that will delight nearly everyone who sees it , whether they 're 12-year-old Christina Aguilera fans or bad-movie buffs angling for a guilty pleasure .
Cher gets to be a den mother , fag hag and performer all in one . Aguilera wears outrageous costumes and is gifted with shoes that look like they ran away from the Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade . Gay men everywhere will rejoice .
Brassy , bombastic and cheerfully vulgar ... like a Las Vegas casino show on steroids -- a piece of glitzy trash that presumably aims to be campy fun but fails miserably to achieve even that low ambition .
The movie features some terribly underdeveloped characters , -LSB- but -RSB- the showy musical numbers and a great debut from Christina Aguilera make it a lot more enjoyable than you might believe .
Burlesque is a preposterous and intermittently entertaining lesson in how to make a movie musical with a little brains and a lot of talent .
About what you 'd expect with burlesque show that determined to avoid an `` R '' rating .
The rest of Burlesque plays like an extended version of the `` Lady Marmalade '' video , with a few contrivances to provide vague conflict .
The choicest dialogue in Burlesque provokes the sort of laughter that other , intentionally funny films only dream of generating .
-LSB- a -RSB- curiously enjoyable diva mashup
Sure it is n't perfect , but Cher and Aguilera certainly make it an engaging couple of hours .
But Antin is no Bob Fosse . He 's not even Debbie Allen , particularly since the choreographed numbers are edited so choppily that you never get to see a full 5-6-7-8 without a cutaway .
Sheesh , just shut up and dance .
Thanks to Burlesque , we now have the answer to the question : `` Which film ended the film careers of both Christina Aguilera and Cher ? ''
This one is strictly for Cher fans who like their campy shtick loud , lewd and ludicrous . But the biggest problem among many is that it 's not her movie . She 's hardly in it .
No ` Nine ' or ` Chicago ' but entertaining enough .
`` Burlesque '' never approaches the naughty complexity of `` Cabaret '' or the precision of `` Chicago . '' For director/screenwriter Steve Antin to approach such musical high-stakes without his A-game on is unforgivable .
A glitzy mess and ensures the audience will have a gay old time with every bead , feather , wig and boa . Camp on steroids - I could watch Cher quiver her lips for two hours and be in cinematic heaven .
Yeah , girlfriend can out-sing just about anyone in the biz , even Mariah Carey these days , but that 's about all that Burlesque is interested in showcasing .
A refreshing throwback to movie musicals that celebrates its stars while indulging in sexy fun .
An overwrought , underwritten hootchy-kootchy tuner that desperately wants to be Cabaret , but lacks the edge and historical context to pull it off .
There 's a chance you 'll like the film . Perhaps if you 're Christina Aguilera 's mom or the spirit of Sonny Bono reincarnated as a person who can tolerate awful movies .
Cher has the look and Aguilera has the voice in Burlesque , Antin 's deliberately cliche and intentionally gay campy musical , a guilty pleasure par excellence .
Campy , sexy and shameless in all the ways one would hope , Burlesque demands viewers acquiesce to its frothy , strutting tone , and those who do are in for a hoot .


@highlight

Campy and clichéd , Burlesque wastes its talented cast -LRB- including a better-than-expected Christina Aguilera -RRB- on a movie that wavers uncertainly between `` bad '' and `` so bad it 's good . ''