With his gorgeous , theatrical evocation of a Biblical fantasy Earth , Aronofsky does a fantastic job showing us Noah 's pre-apocalyptic world .
Perhaps one of the Ten Commandments should be `` Thou shalt not make an Old Testament epic '' .
If you 're OK with a very liberal interpretation of the source material , `` Noah '' should entertain .
Although Aronofsky has dipped liberally into the well of fantasy in his recreation of Noah 's tale , he does it in a manner that serves up a quasi-modern story laced generously with allegory and backed by some solid , no-nonsense performances .
This Noah , embodied by -LSB- Russel -RSB- Crowe , is a pure Aronofsky monster .
I ca n't say it 's a bad movie , just that it 's not a movie for everyone .
Why craft a subtle emotional cue when , with overpowering string instruments and the ubiquitous sonic boom , you can prevent an audience from thinking at all ?
The CGI animals are spectacular , the battles less so and , though none of it really makes sense , neither , some might argue , does the Bible .
This is the biblical story of Noah as retold through the eyes of Aronofsky after a three-day Tolkien bender capped off with multiple viewings of The Neverending Story .
The decision to make a movie about Noah and his big boat might seem a highly questionable enterprise , but bad ideas never seem to stop anyone lately .
Aronofsky has done his Bible-storytelling homework . The entire narrative has the feel of an oral storytelling culture , with the use of repetitive `` chiastic '' or `` ring '' structure so hearers will remember .
Really , Noah works so well because it is such a personal take on this biblical story .
In a sense , Noah is almost Talmudic in its obsessive pouring over and questioning of Biblical text . Yet , at the same time the movie is daringly 21st Century .
Noah is incredibly compelling visually , as Aronofosky manages to bend the source text into an environmental allegory about how Man is the worst .
On the whole , Noah is a mad captivating trip . And yes , it 's the best movie about boatbuilding and livestock export you are likely to see for a very long time .
Gruff and gentle , skilled with a blade and tormented by his visions , Russell Crowe proves yet again that no one anchors an epic as well as he .
It 's as odd and schizophrenic a picture as you 're likely to see in the focus-grouped , play-it-safe moviemaking climate of the moment , and the fact that it exists at all is sort of a -LRB- ha ha -RRB- miracle .
Noah is n't perfect , but in its flawed , trembling beauty it 's more interesting than much of Hollywood 's recent tentpole output .
-LRB- Director -RRB- Aronofsky has crafted one firecracker of an adventure film with spectacular effects , vast warring armies and a disaster scenario for the ages . And at its center is a splendid performance by Crowe .
As misguided a film as you 're likely to see from a genuinely great filmmaker .
It explores concepts like grace , justice , pride , guilt , and love . It respects its source material and respects the power of human imagination . It takes a sober look at the evil in the human heart . That is the sort of movie worth watching .
Infusing Noah 's story , however fictional or true you believe it to be , with the kind of rock creatures we saw in GalaxyQuest is like trying to tell the story of Geronimo with an E.T.-like alien turning up in the Apache desert to offer his assistance .
The film oscillates between glitzy existential horror and somber showbiz spectacle .
The kind of stubborn art-epic we get once in a blue moon , the sort that makes me feel protective of it , grateful for it .
Just as the Bible speaks in many ways to many people , so does Darren Aronofsky 's epic Noah .
Darren Aronofsky 's Noah was the most exciting big-budget studio film of 2014 . While comic book movies are all the rage , Aronofsky 's Noah treats the great flood as the ultimate origin story : the origin of life as we know it .
The film sometimes plays like a Bible story filtered through the lens of a Snow White and the Huntsman - type re-imagining .
Noah is n't exactly the epic that bible-thumpers wished for , but Aronofsky 's vision is masterful enough to create truly mesmerizing moments without being swept away by the murky waters of blockbuster boredom .
This is an epic that could easily have gotten lost in spectacle , but Aronofsky has managed to balance things just right , making for a thrilling and touching cinematic experience .
Aronofsky manages to transform a story , hokey on paper and even on reflection , into a spiritual flood-saga that 's pretty damned immersive and elemental in its power .
It is n't the changes to the base story that are bothersome . It 's the bat-guano crazy embellishments that make little to no sense in the grand scheme of things that do .
Aronofsky 's signature grandiosity is too often at odds with -- and diminished by -- the familial melodrama he has created aboard the vessel .
Noah manages to be both reverent and action-conscious , but not strongly either one .
It ranges far , wide and clumsily in expanding its slender source material , but Noah aches with aspiration , its sincerity and ambition virtually leaping off the screen .
It 's ultimately clear that the movie could 've lost half of its running time without sacrificing any of its important story and character beats ...
It 's certainly not the sometimes-whimsical Bible story that 's told to so many children . Director Darren Aronofsky 's ` Noah ' is a drama about a tormented man determined to do God 's bidding and about people who are ravaging the earth .
Aronofsky makes an intermittently arresting Bible movie
Aronofsky 's grand , crazy vision is filled with more awe and reverence than a traditional snoozefest like Son of God , and , in its fun , flawed and chaotic way , Noah is a popcorn flick about the endless wonders of the universe and of the human soul .
Darren Aronofsky upends convention-but stays true to the bible-with this controversial epic .
Pro-vegan and anti-industrial messages aside ... as -LRB- a -RRB- non-Biblical , alternative history version of the Great Flood , there 's some interesting stuff going on here .
A water-logged turkey ... an epic disaster of truly biblical proportions ... Bloated , gloomy , super self-serious and - worst of all - boring , the film is so dull and portentous it 's likely to make atheists convert , just so they can pray to God to save them .
There is so much here that is wonderful and strange , my problems with the film are not much more than quibbles . ... I think Noah is Darren Aronofsky 's Take Shelter .
Add Darren Aronofsky 's `` Noah '' to the list of Bible-themed film epics ranging from magnificent to stuffy to silly .
An auteurist monument to monomania inspired by Judeo-Christian culture 's most famous report of a divine reboot . .
A bold , trippy new interpretation of an old , old story , about miracles of varying size and shape , in which we still today might find some new angles of inspiration .
a deeply insane interpretation
What 's finally impressive about Noah , even to those of us who are hardly unconditional Aronofskians , is the degree of unbending faith on which this massively ambitious venture is built .
It 's interesting . It 's too long . It 's three stars from me .
Darren Aronofsky continues to ambitiously experiment with genres in this Old Testament blockbuster , but this is his first real misstep as a filmmaker , as the impressive parts simply do n't add up .
Darren Aronofsky has managed ... intrigue , and pointed ecological commentary , in among the blood , wrath and spectacle of this fascinating Old Testament adaptation .
In a single sequence , Aronofsky combines creationism , Darwinian evolution , original sin , the end of days , and radical environmentalism .
Noah manages the miracle of Crowe shouting at the heavens without looking absurd , not to mention the miracle of bringing the Bible movie back to life , and making it watchable and contemplative .
The strangest $ 125m ever spent by a major studio .
O Antigo Testamento é um O Senhor dos Anéis no qual Deus é simultaneamente Gandalf e o olho de Sauron .
It has , in religious parlance , been sent to test you .
We now have the world 's first $ 125 million stoner film .
There is , in this singular film , enough crackpot philosophy , apocalyptic violence , environmental evangelism and portentous dialogue to inspire a whole new religion .
The domestic melodrama and psychological realism which Aronofsky gives Noah to wrestle with are interesting enough , and Russell Crowe is the ideal actor to show Noah brooding upon his lot .
Biblical epics do n't come any more soggy or bombastic than Darren Aronofsky 's Noah .
Cinematically and philosophically daring , this is a reworking of the flood story that speaks to 21st century realities and that will make you think hard about `` the Creator 's '' capriciousness .
The very elements that make Noah less viable as a biblical blockbuster also mark it as an earnest engagement with faith .
It 's an impressive spectacle - the ark itself is built to scale - but occasionally unsure of whether to be epic or relevant .
It 's epic filmmaking that flits between surreal class and utter lunacy , and even though it 's occasionally ridiculous and you know how it ends , it 's ultimately worth the ride .
If , quite understandably , you enjoy seeing Russell Crowe being manly and bashing baddies , you wo n't be disappointed , especially if you 're not too old . But really ...
The effect is rather as if the Book of Genesis had been rewritten by J.R.R. Tolkien , or J.K. Rowling .
While Aronofsky 's craft can be beautiful to behold , controversy seems to be the gospel he preaches loudest . Understand that before you buy your ticket .
A bold , fearsome epic about man 's folly .
For all the high-tech showmanship on display , this retelling of Noah and the Ark marks a serious effort to engage with the Old Testament as a literary text .
Frankly , once I got over the absurd novelty of the rock monsters , and the notion of Noah as a kind of deranged cult leader , I just gave up and gave into it .
Despite the film 's visual marvels , its creators all take themselves a tad too seriously .
Something has been lost in the storm .
Fascinating , but rather flawed .
This movie is totally nuts !
The problems of old-school bible movies are here in abundance . Just like the parting of the red sea -LSB- from The Ten Commandments -RSB- , the flood is the bit ... that you 'll be waiting for when Noah plays on the telly for eons to come .
In addition to recognition of his latest film 's technical achievements , -LRB- director Darren -RRB- Aronofsky deserves more credit than he has received from believers thus far for making a serious , unabashedly religious epic .
By the close Noah is not just a story brought back to life , with every grandeur re-conferred , but a story 's characters too . We are aboard , we feel , with a real Noah , his real wife , even -LRB- however apocryphal -RRB- a real Cain .
A powerful story of belief , devotion and ruinous obsession .
Burdened with great purpose but rich with ideas
Poised somewhere between a film of pure wonder and a more explicitly religious action text , Noah is a big and interesting and evocative and at times sigh-inducing work , for a variety of reasons .
Darren Aronofsky 's Noah , like the good book it springs from , is wide open to interpretation . Bold yet reverent , his head-trip take on the biblical legend is bound to confound literalists wondering what in the name of Cecil B. DeMille is going on .
Compellingly weird and occasionally wonderful to behold .
Aronofsky 's film may not be perfect , but criticizing it for not sticking directly to the source material unnecessarily obscures what it does so well , which is bring to life the conflicts of an ancient world that still have much to tell us today .
For all the liberties Noah takes with the traditional narrative , that thematic element becomes its most significant addition , and it dominates the film once everyone 's aboard the ark
The only fleshed-out character is Noah himself , which makes sense , but makes the scenes that involve anyone else drag and plod .
This is undoubtedly a memorable , striking cinematic event , and despite whether you enjoy this picture or not , it 's certainly a film for the big screen .
Noah is not Aronofsky 's best work , but the auteur delves deep into the convoluted psyche of the central character much as he did with his masterpieces Black Swan and The Wrestler .
Aronofsky 's first bona-fide blockbuster is a sweat-stained labour of love . Audacious and uncompromising , it 's a legitimate epic .
`` The Book was better ''
A powerful , singular vision .
Fearless and bewildering . A bleak departure from a source often viewed with inspirational pragmatism .
A muscular and meditative work .
The film delivers the spectacle very well , but it also delivers some fine performances by Crowe , Connolly and Watson . This may not be your granddad 's version of Noah , but it is quite a yarn , and thought-provoking , too .
Baby , the rain must fall ! ... Noah 's climactic transformation from knife-wielding crazy to loving grandfather was obviously inspired by Ethan Edwards ' change of heart in ` The Searchers . '
Noah is the first film in Aronofsky 's body of work to feel unmistakably watered down .
A Biblical action disaster fantasy epic that is completely bonkers , endlessly entertaining , and actually religious in that inspiring-and-instructional way that you do n't need to take as literal truth to see the wisdom of .
`` Noah '' is a religious movie in the same way that `` 2012 '' was a documentary on Mayan culture . We might as well call it `` Russell Crowe 's Big Floating Petting Zoo . ''
This is n't just a very silly film , it 's also a po-faced one . Aronofsky delivers a dour ecological message as relentlessly as God sends down the rain .
This Biblical epic depicts Noah 's story on a brutally person level that helps this picture overcome its obvious weaknesses .
By leaving us with such issues to ponder , Noah transcends the genre of mere ` Biblical epic . ' It becomes part of the very discussion .
Aronofsky is absolutely filling in blanks here , huge spaces , in fact ... and as the movie rumbles toward its visionary , off-book climax , it becomes a multi-message mess , intentionally so .
In some ways , Noah resembles one of those Kirk Cameron movies about the apocalypse , only with a better cast and more dazzling special effects .
Aronofsky 's Noah , as portrayed by Russell Crowe , is a darker , more flawed protagonist . He goes about his task with a single-minded obsession , a devotion to duty , that supersedes his commitment to his wife and children .
Noah 's stormy truths and untruths
Rock Transformers .
Gives us a slightly different Noah from the one in the Bible to pore over , which might bother some viewers more than others .
It is ... a grounded journey outwards on ideas of regret , mercy , and revenge , and at 139 minutes the film makes every attempt , coherent or not , to thoroughly address each one .
The often ludicrous `` Noah '' sinks beneath too many dubious creative decisions to mention .
It 's overlong and a times sluggish . The fights and battles , designed to give an epic fantasy feel to the movie , are grave miscalculations . And the overabundance of CGI often makes Noah look like a video game .
a bonkers version of the book of Genesis
Failing to create a credible story with credible characters , Noah is a film that is very hard to take seriously .
Darren Aronofsky 's film about the Old Testament shipbuilder has been sparking controversy - but there 's no denying that the Great Flood , digitized , is a pretty great flood .
Despite its flamboyant , and at times goofy , fantasy trappings , Noah is firmly anchored by the fierce moral intensity of Aronofsky 's vision , which is , if anything , more Old Testament than the Old Testament itself .
Aronofsky 's film stands at a remove , like a lone figure out in the wilds ; dreaming its peculiar dreams , shouting into the storm .
Viewers who give Aronofsky a chance will find that , despite differences of opinion and belief , there 's plenty of universal value in this gripping tale of good overcoming evil .
Stirring , spiritual , and thoughtful , with superb special effects and a genuine curiosity for the wonderful mysteries of faith .
Incredibly unconventional , yet totally accessible spectacle .
`` Noah '' is a masterful rendering of a tragic but beautiful story .
The real strength of `` Noah '' is that it transports the audience completely , so we believe we 're watching a real event in biblical times .
Noah is a disappointment , despite generally strong performances , some well-imagined sequences and spectacular backdrops filmed in Iceland . It seems that caution has won out over imagination .
Dark biblical tale is brutal , violent , gory .
It 's a moving story . And the fact that -LSB- Aronofsky 's -RSB- done his biblical homework makes it that much more so .
Amid striking time-lapse sequences , the actor -LSB- Russell Crowe -RSB- provides a focus alongside the vast digital ark . If nothing else , this time they do n't need a bigger boat .
A sombre , powerful biblical epic , shot through with a certain beserk grandeur and gloomy portenteousness .
Noah is a movie about big ideas -LRB- environmentalism , heavenly obedience versus earthly love -RRB- and even bigger directorial ambitions -LRB- how to tell a personal story on the grandest of grand scales -RRB- . But , in the end , it 's also a disappointment .
To see such a profound meditation on man 's relationship to God come from a movie full of prehistoric hoodies , pregnancy tests performed by magic leaf , and CGI rock people is gloriously insane .
Despite its weaknesses - or perhaps because of them - Noah delivers the one thing that is so often missing from tentpole movies : a soul .
A trippy mix of ` Game of Thrones ' and ` LOR ' with Crowe in Noah-Maximus mode .
Aronofsky and his cowriter , Ari Handel , have whipped up all this strife , and none of it works .
Wo n't please literalists ... and it 's frequently a bit absurd . But visually ` Noah ' evinces a sort of loony grandeur , and emotionally it possesses much stronger resonance than one might expect , not least because of Russell Crowe 's zealous performance .
`` Noah '' is a long road from Darren Aronofsky 's audacious debut feature `` pi '' to this $ 130 million dollar epic , but the filmmaker is still an original thinker and visualist .
The film opens with a wordless narrative of creation and humanity 's fall from grace in a succession of iconic images . It 's a template for the artistry to follow .
Ambitious , daring , and visually awesome -LRB- in the old sense of the word -RRB- , Noah is an amazing and off-the-wall experience that I ca n't not recommend .
Aronofsky and his co-writer Ari Handel struggle to create authentic drama and so fall back on action-movie clichés .
This vital interpretation of one of the Bible 's most popular tales is a powerful and provocative work of art that fearlessly uses Noahís story as a springboard to explore complex themes of faith and the sins of man .
W.H. Auden cautioned against those who `` read the Bible for its prose , '' but after `` Noah , '' perhaps the better warning is to look out for those people who read the Bible for its potentially profitable widescreen IMAX action scenes
It 's these uneasy shades of gray that make Noah such a compelling movie .
What it lacks is fresh insight from Aronofsky and co-writer Ari Handel . Yes , it appears Noah was an early environmentalist , but is that enough of a contemporary notion to sustain a two-plus-hour drenching ?
Given its visual splendor and epic sweep , Noah might have been a terrific 3D movie , but that would have given the film 's landscape two more dimensions than either the characters or the story .
Succeed or fail Aronofsky was going to try to provide some greater depth to a story that would fit nicely into a filmography that has been rich with the search for a higher power , whether it be science , drugs , fame or forgiveness .
Aronofsky and his cowriter have ingeniously filled in the Biblical blanks -LRB- in addition to Androcles one can see Abraham 's conundrum in Noah 's surmising -RRB- to create a provocative yet action packed epic .
Wondrous , imaginative and awe-inspiring ... By the third act , however , Aronofsky loses some of his nerve .
This is the Book of Genesis after a page one rewrite .
You get the feeling that those rock monsters , which inevitably all perish before the flood finishes its punishment , got off easier than the survivors .
Aronofsky does an excellent job presenting the story , even finessing the creation in a way that mollifies both sides of evolutionary theory . But the director makes almost no attempt to explore the moral and philosophical issues behind the flood .
It grounds the biblical apocalypse in the here and now , tapping into the dystopian mood while retaining a sense of religious awe .
Challenging , thought-provoking , and always entertaining .
Noah works when its about Noah .
Sometimes feels like two , maybe three movies . Producers must be praying there 's one audience for all of them .
Aronofsky 's film sits quite naturally in a space that believers and non-believers can appreciate , allowing room for a bit of evolution to the divine origin .
A thought provoking film that should invite discussion about its interpretation of the story , faith , God and the world in which we live . -LRB- Complete Content Review for Parents also Available -RRB-
Wants to use the Noah brand name , but not embrace the story .
It 's not perfect but bold , thought-provoking filmmaking rarely is .
For the most part , it works .
Darren Aronofsky 's Noah is the Old Testament on acid . It 's the movie equivalent of Christian death metal . It 's an antediluvian Lord of the Rings , fist-pumping , ferocious , apocalyptic , and wet - very wet .
If you can avoid clinging to the literal in his movie and see the deeper emotional truths beneath , it just may move you to feel the pain of doing right , and embracing it anyway , not always knowing how far is too far .
This is a fine film that is as much about the struggles with and consequences of faith as it is the recounting of a religious tale .
Noah would be a serious contender for best fantasy film of the year .
This is as pro-vegan a flick you 'll see that also stars Ray Winstone .
Aronofsky has missed the boat on fulfilling this story 's full potential . In terms of money spent and talent procured , this is a major creative fiasco in the annals of big-screen turkeys .
The Right is dumping on it for its pro-environmental message , which is kind of like condemning the story of Christ for being too sympathetic to the poor .
It should satisfy believers , seekers , and those who just want an exciting story , well told .
Overwhelming , yes , but also challenging , exciting and risky in a way that few movies with this much money behind them ever dare to be .
For those who can handle the idea that this is a story inspired by the Bible rather than a religious movie with a message , `` Noah '' is a winner .
It captures the torment of one chosen as an instrument by a vengeful Old Testament God , and it breaks a story of cosmic dimensions into brutally human terms .
One of the most dazzling and unforgettable Biblical epics ever put on film .
An engaging exercise in epic movie making that is n't without flaws but luckily going overboard on a religious agenda is n't one of them .
The biblical epic Noah achieves something unique , almost a miracle , as director Darren Aronofsky deftly mixes epic scope and human-sized scale to interpret a classic story in a way that will anger all sides .
There 's so much delusion and so much delight in `` Noah '' that I have trouble distinguishing one from the other , or determining whether its most outlandish flourishes qualify as mistakes or as strokes of genius .
Does his concept work ? Does it relate to the way we live today ? Does it raise thought-provoking questions ? The answers are mostly , definitely and absolutely .
The performances are engaging , the visuals are stunning , and they 're both featured within the context of an enthralling narrative , but by going so big , certain lapses were inevitable .
At its best , the film gets by on its striking imagery , from a panorama of sickening human decadence to a mid-movie retelling of the creation story that might make Terrence Malick weep .
There are some sublime moments in the movie .
If only he 'd been able to pull it all together as something other than an awkward , rectangular box , Noah might have had some real style and actually gone somewhere interesting .
The result is so brash it 's sure to be called exciting or at least not boring . Those not in the director 's camp may find it pummeling or numbing . He huffs and he puffs but fails to blow you away .
Things get murky . Anachronisms jumble with rigid literalism . Plus the blatant creationist mythology here is creepy .
As much a fantasia inspired by the Old Testament as a literal retelling of that tale , `` Noah '' manages to blend the expected with the unexpected and does it with so much gusto and cinematic energy you wo n't want to divert your eyes from the screen .
An often strange yet always intriguing depiction , filtered through contemporary ideas of environmentalism and presenting its title character as a man of unshakable faith and almost unendurable burdens .
Aronofsky dives headlong into this story of good vs. evil , not only between men , but within one man 's soul .
A biblical movie needs more than faith .
There may be no faulting Aronofsky 's ambition , but the finished product is another story altogether .
That heady blend wo n't please everybody , but Noah is a daringly inventive , thoroughly entertaining and ultimately very serious movie .
A massively scaled undertaking , Noah is a bold re-telling with plenty of spectacle , undercut by its own sprawling ambitions , fantasy elements and formulaic villain .
Many Christian -LRB- and Muslim -RRB- groups have denounced the film . My advice : See it first ; then decide whether it 's worthy . You 're likely to find that it is .
Once the money shots of Darren Aronofsky 's version recede , it becomes ever more clear that his intention is to tackle the capriciousness of Old Testament logic . And , ultimately , to assent to it .
`` Noah '' can be silly or sublime , but it 's never less than fascinating . I was on board from start to finish .
Lightly bound to the traditional telling , Aronofsky gives the story massive battle scenes , intense family strife and a resonant message about the ecological costs of messing with earthly paradise .
The performances in Noah are uniformly fine , meaning Aronofsky must be credited as well .
Although Aronofsky constructs this vessel with a filmmaker 's toolbox rather than a theologian 's blueprint , a sturdy hull of human spirit enables it to navigate between both worlds .
The point to take home is the message the movie leaves you with , which works regardless of your faith -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- . Humans are inherently flawed . How we deal with those defects is what truly matters .
Is n't it wonderful that a director who was handed a $ 160 million studio budget had the temerity to aim for something this big , this sweeping ?
Holy ship !
Aronofsky does n't want to instill wonder ; he 's more interested in drab yet expensive-looking wrath . He 's made a movie about judgment that itself feels judgmental .
It rivals `` Battlefield Earth , '' `` Showgirls '' and other touchstones of bad modern cinema . But it 's the kind of bad that only a mad genius like Aronofsky can muster .
If nothing else , Noah succeeds as pure spectacle , offering up nightmare sights and sounds of Old Testament reckoning that top anything previously brought to the screen -LRB- and that thankfully are n't presented in 3D -RRB- .
Miraculously , Aronofsky has spent $ 130 million of Hollywood money on a visionary art film that asks us to examine what we believe . In this flawed , fiercely relevant film , wonders never cease .
A film that feels remarkably ambitious and definably of a fabric with the themes this director has explored before but also stunningly emotional and adherent to the lessons of sacrifice intended by the original authors of this tale .
Uh , no .
Where Aronofsky 's particular genius does come into play is in the first two acts of the film , where he creates a Biblical landscape that 's unique and vibrant .
Darren Aronofsky 's Noah is as political as it is spiritual . And , yeah , the effects are pretty swell , too .
Old Testament fury has rarely come to such spectacularly fearsome life than in Noah , Darren Aronofsky 's audacious adaptation of one of the Bible 's best-known but still enigmatic chapters .
Aronofsky has great ambition and talent , and Noah is better than most of what is out there in the big end of movie production .
Unlike most action movies , it 's the furthest thing from a cynical piece of work . It 's a movie to wrestle with and talk about .
By taking on such a colossal story that crosses through space and time , Aronofsky has rubbed off his filmmaking fingerprints , submitting a feature that lacks inspirational qualities and sustained matinee distractions .
The rock monsters are both silly and endearing , which also describes ` Noah , ' but only to a point .
Aronofsky brings wild ambition and thrilling artistry to one of the Old Testament 's best-known , most dramatic , least plausible stories ... with Russell Crowe infusing the role of God 's first seaman and zookeeper with all his surly majesty .
Aronofsky is interested in these people as people , not pop-up saints straight out of Sunday school .
What Aronofsky does give this familiar tale is a great love of the Earth and a wonderfully complex Noah .
`` Noah '' is occasionally clumsy , ridiculous and unconvincing , but it is almost never dull , and very little of it has the careful , by-the-numbers quality that characterizes big-studio action-fantasy entertainment .
`` Noah '' is equal parts ridiculous and magnificent , a showman 's folly and a madman 's epic .
Exactly the type of large-scale , ambitious , challenging , flawed , provocative and button-pushing type of cinematic experience we should hope to get when a strong-willed auteur like Aronofsky is given an exceedingly large budget .
There 's neither the thrill of discovery nor the excitement of watching a bold cinematic artist grapple with tough material . Aronofsky grapples but it 's a draw . At best .
... a tamed thing , curiously lacking in daring for a director usually so eager to pluck an audience 's nerves like a violinist .
... at once too big for the intricate ideas it wants to explore and too small for the saga it 's taken on .
A creative and thought-provoking interpretation of the Noah story as a parable about second chances , the excesses of zeal , and the blessings of mercy .
It 's an often strange mix , but one that has an ultimately hypnotic quality , as Aronofsky digs not only into the richly freaky psychology of the tale , but also into its crammed hull of visual possibilities .
Whether engaged in a fiery one-way conversation with the sky , or staring solemnly at millions drowning before him , Crowe 's admirably committed performance is -LRB- dare anyone say it ? -RRB- a godsend .
Aronofsky has created something that 's gritty in its earthiness and epic in scale , his strong visual approach providing many awe-inspiring moments .
Noah plays , visually , like an art house Lord of the Rings . On beyond its massive scale , however , the true charm of Aronofsky 's biggest film to date lies in its humanity .
`` Lord of the Rains . ''
Trying to tell the Noah story as a biblical epic for 21st century audiences seems ambitious at best , which is perhaps why it has n't been done before
Above the expectation of the biblical epic disaster movie , it is Darren Aronofsky 's top layer of morality that allows Noah safe passage , with Russell Crowe delivering his truest performance for some time - although it 's not smooth sailing all the time
This is , to adopt a phrase , the `` old , weird Bible , '' and its visual language more resembles ` Lord of the Rings ' than any typical sandal epic .
The resulting film , Noah , has its flaws but ultimately is a fascinating achievement -- a continually ambitious undertaking that swings for the fences and then some .
Inventive , ambitious , brutal and beautiful : a potent mythological epic . But also willfully challenging , as likely to infuriate as inspire .
Even with this misguided quest to prove himself as a would-be Spielberg , Aronofsky remains defiantly true to himself , and upholds his mission to `` never bore an audience . ''
I almost never felt challenged ... which is shocking for a filmmaker who had challenged us in film after film .
An alternately introspective and breathtaking Biblical epic , every bit cerebral as it is panoramic !
For anyone who is willing to challenge their own ideas of what this story means and how Biblical stories can be told , ` Noah ' is one harrowing ride .
Magnificent . Truly epic in its scope and ambition . It stays with you long after you leave the theatre . This ` Noah ' is unlike any other film of its kind - an intimate and stirring new take on a biblical story we only thought we knew .
It 's the kind of movie that Christians , indeed everyone , should want Hollywood to make .
The good news is that this is the best Russell Crowe performance we 've gotten in quite a while .
Clearly Aronofsky is n't out to make yet another stodgy Bible movie , but it often feels as though he 's reining in his showier artistic impulses lest he offend the faithful .
Outrageously ambitious and courageously complicated .
It is never less than fascinating - and sometimes dazzling - in its ambitions .
Darren Aronofsky wrestles one of scripture 's most primal stories to the ground and extracts something vital and audacious , while also pushing some aggressive environmentalism , in Noah .
By turning the monolithic odyssey into a sword-and-sandals showdown with occasionally cosmic tangents , the 137-minute studio venture contains the glimmers of a truly visionary achievement flooded by half-baked ideas .
Though it 's not without its faults , Darren Aronofsky 's Noah is a powerful experience with some truly stunning scenes .
`` Noah '' aspires to be a love story , a family drama , a war movie and a disaster film , but the different tones and genres are n't successfully integrated .
A work of art and imagination that makes this most familiar of tales strange and new , at times illuminating the text , at times stretching it to the breaking point .

@highlight

With sweeping visuals grounded by strong performances in service of a timeless tale told on a human scale , Darren Aronofsky 's Noah brings the Bible epic into the 21st century .