While there are kinks in Murphy 's adaptation , the raw power of Kramer 's story can not be diluted . It 's a powerful memorial to the men that lost their lives and those they loved while fighting bring the AIDS epidemic to light .
HBO knows how to produce a compelling biographical movie ...
Larry Kramer 's blistering cri de coeur about the early days of the AIDS plague gets a solidly respectful but flawed treatment from Ryan Murphy .
proves that , sometimes , art does a better job of understanding history than the actual record
The collaboration between Murphy and Kramer seemed like a natural from the moment it was announced , and now we have the proof of that sensible decision -- in all its incendiary , heart-wrenching magnificence .
It 's an impressive , relevant , and moving ensemble drama that I ca n't recommend enough .
Although The Normal Heart is a work of fiction , the stories it tells about the emerging AIDS crisis in America are honest and heartbreakingly real , thanks to deeply affecting performances .
There is less reporting on poverty in America than on any other major societal issue . So it is with AIDS . That alone makes The Normal Heart an important film .
If anger and suffering were all there were to The Normal Heart , watching it would be torture . Luckily , it has heart to match its guts .
Despite its flaws , this iteration of The Normal Heart also exhorts us to remember .
A riveting drama about three years in the early AIDS crisis and the struggle of a gay writer fighting the indifference of so many people to this epidemic in New York City .
Absolutely retains its significance , it 's the execution from director Ryan Murphy that 's worthy of dismissal , allowing a heavy-handedness to drive the provocative material into frustrating repetition .
Matt Bomer is heartbreaking as a New York Times style reporter looking for love in a loveless city . His physical transformation is astonishing and agonizing .
It 's movies like The Normal Heart , fuelled by the performances within it , that make you want to learn more and provide perspective on one of the bleakest times for the gay community . That , and increase Kleenex sales at Costco .
Time , and rewrites , have softened some of the play 's stridency . More important , the romance between Weeks -LRB- Ruffalo -RRB- and his lover , Felix -LRB- Bomer -RRB- , is given a more prominent role as is Felix 's death spiral , giving the story power both broad and intimate .
If you can get past the director 's tics and tricks , there are some bravura scenes from Mantello , Roberts and Ruffalo that are worth the price of admission .
Moving , well acted and important for a generation who may be unfamiliar with the source material . But the TV version , also written by Kramer , does n't have the emotional heft of the play .
The Normal Heart is not as powerful as Kramer 's incendiary play , but it is still too passionate and potently acted to miss .
Watch at your own risk , but to not watch the film - or more importantly , learn from it - is an even higher risk .
Overscored and overwrought , The Normal Heart is a tough pill to swallow . The direction of Ryan Murphy -LRB- Glee -RRB- is piercingly staccato -LRB- and visually inconsistent -RRB- . The tender moments do n't resonate , and the fraught moments feel hysterical .
A pretty decent adaptation of the 1985 stage script , with some good things added , including an effective pre-credit section set on Fire Island in 1982 .
A passionately-written and heart-wrenching portrayal of real life events , this drama painfully offers a look at the earliest victims of the AIDS epidemic .
In shocking , unflinching detail it reminds us that silence most assuredly equals death .
-LRB- Larry -RRB- Kramer 's screenplay powerfully retains Ned 's anger but the scenes where Ned exhibits it tend to get repetitive . The film boasts great performances though and lovely directorial touches that make it well worth the nearly 30 year wait .
In a film directed by Ryan Murphy and with strong performances , including those by Mr. Ruffalo , Ms. Roberts , Matt Bomer , Jim Parsons and Alfred Molina , Mr. Mantello 's anguished lament may be the most haunting .
Teeming with anger , sorrow , passion and purpose , this powerful and harrowing movie is part tragic love story in plague times , part agitprop manifesto and tribute to tireless activism .
Some 30 years later , this movie-strident , passionate , frenetic , and aching-is a reminder , as Memorial Day weekend begins the summer , of all those empty spots the plague left on the beach .
The Normal Heart will drive any viewer with a heart at all to tears .
The good in Normal Heart outweighs the bad , which is n't always the case with Murphy 's work . It 's an important story packed with vivid individual moments , but with this material and these actors , it feels like it could be so much more than what it is .
The powerful film , adapted from the 1985 play by Larry Kramer , joins the best of the genre - Longtime Companion , Parting Glances , An Early Frost , Philadelphia , the shattering documentary Silverlake Life - as a monument to the lives lost .
Flawed but terrifically moving , The Normal Heart is a boldly corporeal expression of gay political consciousness .
You will learn lessons that should not be forgotten about the fear , foolishness , prejudice and intentional blindness that doomed millions to die who might otherwise have been saved . But the anger that lesson should provoke is either muted or missing .
The Normal Heart grows in poignancy as characters we 've come to know are affected or afflicted by AIDS .
Powerful , still full of anger , and hard to watch .
The Normal Heart is a blunt , effective instrument , a handsome , walloping cudgel that begins in gay paradise on the eve of the apocalypse : Fire Island , 1982 .
You should watch because Larry Kramer 's play is so much more than an agitprop relic from the early years of AIDS - it is a great play that has become an even greater television film .
Perhaps it 's time for a film about the AIDS crisis that 's this emotional , in-your-face , and even manipulative . Be moved . Be angry .
The Normal Heart ... offers a stinging political indictment of the shameful attitudes toward gay men 's health in the 1980s and a touching evocation of the human losses suffered due to HIV-AIDS . And the film boasts winning , Emmy-bait performances all around .
The Normal Heart manages to work both sides of the issue - the anger at inaction and those complicit in turning a blind eye , and the personal toll the disease took .
It 's Kramer 's fury , channeled through Ruffalo 's manic energy as the writer 's alter-ego Ned Weeks , that keeps The Normal Heart beating and preserves a horrific bit of all too recent history not in amber , but in anger .
It is a movie packed with sublime performances and searingly memorable moments .
Buoyed by A-list star power , The Normal Heart beats erratically for more than two hours , yet delivers a gut punch in its climax .
Unfortunately , powerful as the play is , Ryan Murphy 's adaptation of it makes for a cinematic tearjerker that 's more relentless than it is masterful .
It 's a frightening thing to see , and an example of how Mr. Kramer and Mr. Murphy take one of the play 's strong points and , through the flexibility afforded by film , make it even more powerful .
Written , directed and acted with a passion that radiates off the screen , The Normal Heart is drama at its most incendiary , a blunt instrument that is also poetic and profound .
After the third or fourth time Ned starts screaming about the same injustices , it becomes all too easy to tune him out .
A character-oriented drama with theatrical talent and values that would face challenges finding much purchase at the modern-day multiplex . The result is a movie , for mostly better and sometimes worse , that wears its heart on its sleeve .
This reincarnation of The Normal Heart raises all the right disturbing questions .
Directed by Ryan Murphy , it 's bound to put Emmys in the hands of a remarkable cast that includes Mark Ruffalo , Julia Roberts , Alfred Molina , Jim Parsons and Matt Bomer .
HBO 's The Normal Heart will do something to you that TV rarely does : rock you to your emotional roots .

@highlight

Thanks to Emmy-worthy performances from a reputable cast , The Normal Heart is not only a powerful , heartbreaking drama , but also a vital document of events leading up to and through the early AIDS crisis .