Even without an unnerving sense that Allen is mounting some sort of defense with his script , Magic in the Moonlight fails due to its overt aspiration to be admired as a reflection on the nature of belief .
What 's happened is what happens with all bad Allen films : he 's flipped open his typewriter and it 's just come out wrong .
In short , and despite its title , I did n't feel the movie had enough `` magic '' . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Unless you have a crush on Emma Stone or Colin Firth , or a completist determination to see Allen 's yearly offering , this one could easily be saved for a rental night in .
On a list of Allen 's worst films , this , my friends , would rank very low .
Colin Firth sulks as amiably as Emma Stone sparkles in Magic in the Moonlight , yet there is nothing enchanting about this May-December romance . Allen wags his finger at the plebeians who dare question his intentions .
The prolific filmmaker follows up last year 's fantastic Blue Jasmine with a lackluster movie that 's unfortunately not as enchanting as it sounds .
It is a movie about mortality and , as such , offers a certain duality : resignation , on the one hand , and acceptance on the other .
There is magic to be had in the sunshine as well as the moonlight and I can think of worse ways to spend 98 minutes than watching likeable Eileen Atkins and Jacki Weaver spouting Woody witticisms whilst wearing fabulous costumes .
Like a single drop of fine wine , Magic in the Moonlight may be delightful going down , but you 'll wish you could have more .
Even ignoring the elephant on the screen that is male privilege , the ever-widening age gap between men and their female costars makes for less interesting films .
In the end , Magic in the Moonlight is decent fun to watch , but does n't really leave the viewer with any food for thought .
Of course Firth and Stone are both undeniably charming , and Allen is a master of sumptuous settings . But when it comes time for the film 's budding central relationship to bloom , audiences tired of Allen 's schtick will be left cold .
No kind of chemistry between the two ever arises , making their eventual romance , arrived at through pages of halting dialogue , feel particularly awkward .
In the Roaring Twenties , séances and swindling mediums were rampant , and their debunking , by magician Harry Houdini , was an event of interest . This is a fun movie about that .
One for Woody completists only and a dreadful disappointment after the triumph of Blue Jasmine .
Cinematographer Darius Khondji lends a magic light to landscape and interior alike -- it 's as pretty a movie as Allen 's done in a while .
Woody Allen devotees might appreciate the piece as a fleeting glimpse into the bizarre personal life of its creator , but mainstream audiences should pay no mind .
With little fat on the actual narrative , Magic in the Moonlight 's efficient clip evokes the better pictures of that era .
If it was n't for Firth 's committed performance , Allen 's period piece would be all over the place .
Magic is an enjoyable film in its minor way . You will not leave it disappointed or feeling in some way cheated .
This is a funny romantic comedy with some feeling . It is witty , well-written , well-acted and well-directed . The characters are interesting and complicated .
Although somewhat disposable , -LSB- Magic in the Moonlight -RSB- stands as further proof of Allen 's undiminished talent for finding new ways to say the same things .
It may not rank in the top tier of Woody Allen 's incredible filmography , but it provides just enough for a worthwhile experience that fans of his work will no doubt enjoy .
Even the biggest Allen fans will admit there 's little extraordinary here as it fails to offer something most moviegoers will want to believe in let alone invest their time .
`` Her smile is rather winning , '' Stanley admits , and at that moment Allen 's tendency to have characters say exactly what they 're thinking regains its charm .
In this case , Allen does n't employ enough narrative dexterity to allow his illusory ambitions to fool audiences .
A yawn of a movie from Woody Allen
A rather lovely cast , including Colin Firth and Emma Stone , is wasted on a story so old-fashioned and repetitive that it feels like Oscar Wilde with a wit lobotomy .
It 's an accomplished , stately movie -- unimpassioned but pleasing .
A sweet-natured contrivance ; big on whimsy , low on memorability .
For this slight but charming comedy set on the 1920s Riviera , Woody Allen revisits some of his favourite themes : magic ; metaphysics ; the romantic pairing of an older actor with a younger actress .
A sort of spiritual sequel to the wildly successful Midnight in Paris , Magic in the Moonlight represents everything that 's good and bad about late Woody Allen .
The banter between leads Colin Firth and Emma Stone does n't have the crackle to lift its flat story about a conjurer and a self-proclaimed psychic .
The writing feels rushed and heavy-handed at times , and laden down with clumsy exposition . There are some delightfully funny moments , though .
Magic in the Moonlight feels like the work of a 78-year-old director . If you 're prepared to indulge him , though , it is also a film of considerable , playful charm .
From the outset , Magic in the Moonlight is painfully artificial .
Lacking any kind of sparkle , Magic in the Moonlight is destined to become a footnote in the career of writer/director Woody Allen .
Even Woody Allen fans might admit that this is little more than an amusing diversion between more substantial ventures .
Weightless , but not without its enchantments , this is Woody Allen coasting . But where better to coast than the loveliest coast of all ?
Between Firth 's English bluster and Stone 's gamine charms , the players hit just the right note of Coward-esque theatricality to complement Allen 's settings and mood .
Like many of Woody Allen 's lesser works , it still holds the power to enchant . This film might well be the perfect way to brighten a gloomy autumn day .
Firth 's character is just so boorish and monotonous , charmless and unrelaxed . He 's presumably supposed to be as airy and debonair as Cary Grant . Instead , he glowers like Gordon Brown .
A flimsy trifle , but a diverting one . Colin Firth is absolutely hilarious , and the re-creation of the 1920s French Riviera is gorgeous .
This could have worked with a sharper script and better casting . But Firth finds it hard to cope with Allen 's stilted dialogue .
A notch below Allen 's recent form but still an easy , breezy soufflé .
Another middling effort from a former movie maestro .
Once Woody get past the philosophizing , it 's like A Midsummer Night 's Sex Comedy - with a lot less naughtiness .
Magic In The Moonlight is one-third comedy -LRB- which works -RRB- , one-third mystery -LRB- which kind of works -RRB- , and one-third romance -LRB- which does n't work -RRB- .
O cinéfilo já habituado ao estilo do cineasta sente o conforto de estar em um lugar familiar com alguém cuja companhia aprecia .
The French Riviera looks very pretty , but it ca n't cover up the film 's pedestrian feel and lack of jokes .
Magic In The Moonlight should be a dazzler , but instead it fizzles thanks to an undercooked script .
Magic in the Moonlight , an uninspiring yet familiar tale of faith , reason and romance , may well be one of the poorest pictures Woody Allen has conceived and released .
Like some of his crummier recent output , this feels like an old script Allen found in a drawer somewhere .
With the possible exception of Daniel Day-Lewis , Firth is undoubtedly the best-spoken actor currently working in movies , and his vivid vocalising of Allen 's dialogue is a recurring strength of Magic in the Moonlight .
The laziest writing in the filmmaker 's canon since at least Whatever Works .
Eileen Atkins , for me , is the star of the movie . I think she 's just so great .
Magic in the Moonlight is a romantic charmer .
Magic in the Moonlight has the tiredness of hearing someone tell the same joke consecutive times .
-LRB- Like -RRB- the magician who keeps banging his big silver hoops together hoping that a wondrous illusion will somehow reveal itself , there is a lot about Magic In The Moonlight that is not very magical at all .
Woody Allen 's magic trick here is misdirection via beautiful scenery .
Magic in the Moonlight sees Woody Allen putting the least amount of effort into enchanting audiences at a time when he really needs to work a little harder for their love .
Woody Allen shows he still has the `` magic '' with this delightfully romantic comedy . Firth and Stone shine .
`` Magic In The Moonlight '' is an occasionally delightful , if familiar and sometimes strained comedy .
Allen has created movie magic on many occasions , but in this instance , the man behind the curtain has gone noticeably MIA .
The magic is solely in the title , of a movie that is merely an elegant trifle , and the disappointment we 're accustomed to expect now and then from the prolific Allen .
The movie 's opening hour has a fascinating balance of nonsense and depth ... If only Allen could keep that introspection and frippery going .
Genteel time-waster .
Woody Allen pulls off a pretty impressive trick with his 44th film : He makes the charm of Emma Stone and Colin Firth disappear . Rarely have such appealing performers found themselves stranded in roles this underwritten and tiresome .
Few other directors remain this madly prolific or entirely immune to their critical reception at 78 . The trouble is his equal indifference to what distinguishes a decent idea from a dim one .
The 78-year-old 's 44th film since beginning in 1969 , though weak , is still better than most films out there .
Just is n't very funny . File it in the middle of Allen 's recent work .
The first sign Magic in the Moonlight will be one of those Woody Allen duds - the ones that always seem to follow successes such as last year 's Blue Jasmine -- is how often the topic of napping arises .
`` Magic in the Moonlight '' is by no means unwatchable , just flat and familiar . Like the filmmaker may be as tired of his ploys as the viewer .
Can a Woody Allen movie set in 1920s France with Colin Firth and Emma Stone really be bland and forgettable ? Yes !
The movie has occasional sparkles of wit , but most of it is flat and sour .
A sparkling champagne cocktail of a romantic comedy only Woody Allen could make . It may be lightweight -- though perhaps not entirely -- but it 's a little slice of cinema heaven .
It 's an exceedingly minor picture , an insignificant wisp that recycles familiar Allen themes behind only the thinnest of plots .
There 's a dashed-off , shorthand quality to it , as if everyone involved is going through the motions .
Largely thanks to the intoxicating scenery and the gorgeous natural-light cinematography , `` Magic in the Moonlight '' does weave its a spell , resurrecting the spirit of sturdier and more inventive movies by the same conjurer .
Love makes the magic in Woody Allen 's latest movie , and it helps to have such likable stars as Colin Firth and Emma Stone in the leading roles .
Those expecting a charming bonbon à la Midnight in Paris may wish to lower their expectations .
There are many kinds of magic . This is none of them .
Stage magicians often depend on sleight of hand to succeed at their art , but Woody Allen 's new movie , `` Magic in the Moonlight , '' is just plain slight .
Much of this reads as wish fulfillment for Allen , who 's spent half a century detailing his fear of mortality . No one , after all , wants to believe in nothing .
Not too funny , not too romantic , but this engaging romantic-comedy shows Allen finally broaching the futility of belief in baseless belief systems .
You never know where Allen 's mind is with this comedy . He 's rarely seemed so distracted . For some reason , this piffle turns out to have a ponderous undercarriage .
Doing what can best be described as a more extreme take on his characteristic screen persona of a colder , deadpan , oh-so-British type , Firth further amps up the condescension and arrogance to comically caustic levels .
DP Darius Khondji brings out the fire in Stone 's luxurious red hair so luminously it almost becomes a star of its own . Perhaps it excites because the rest of the movie is so dull .
Firth notwithstanding , even as a cinematic bagatelle Magic in the Moonlight is virtually charmless and strangely flat .
It 's a minor addition to Allen 's canon , serviceable but so uninteresting that even the talented cast barely seems concerned in sorting out how the trick is done .
Mostly mild 1920s-set Woody Allen comedy has charisma .
The cinematography is radiant , the vintage cars and costumes are elegant , and if the comedy feels laboured , it 's all too lightweight to matter .
There are virtually no laughs to be had in this movie , though it 's dressed up as a romantic comedy . It mostly resembles an overlong lecture on the power of reason and man 's need for escape .
For all its visual delights , Magic in the Moonlight , the 44th feature written and directed by the admirably industrious Woody Allen , has to be one of his bigger duds .
An amuse bouche without a meal , a dollop of whipped cream without the dessert underneath .
This is exactly the type of screwball fluff that would have been found in cinemas during the 1930s . This is the perfect movie to see on a nice , breezy summer day . It 'll make you feel good .
Haphazardly written , the frivolous film does n't make satisfactory use of its excellent stars , and you 'll forget the whole thing the minute it 's over .
In `` Magic in the Moonlight , '' the debate is between rationalism and faith - what you can see with your own eyes versus what you 're willing to leap into the dark for - but it 's given a trite , cursory treatment .
The result is a delightful if slight tale of romance on the Riviera , an upper-middling entry into the canon of Woody Allen that will disappoint the cynics and charm those who like to let a little hope into their lives .
While it 's not unpleasant , this Magic disappointingly fails to capture the imagination .
You may have memorized jokes from Allen 's other films . This one will have you quoting the scenery .
It used to be that Woody Allen 's failures were more interesting than most filmmakers ' successes , but his latest offering is depressing proof that this no longer the case .
Magical in theme but not effect , Woody Allen 's new movie has nothing up its sleeve or on its vaguely engaged mind .
Represents one of the writer/director 's down years , where the inspiration is n't quite there and his habitually sharp timing is off .
A stiffly-choreographed period piece -LSB- in which -RSB- the sleight of hand proves all too slight .
As Allen tries to fill up 97 minutes with this silly , dull bauble , you 'll wish you had some magical powers of your own to make yourself disappear from the theater .
Magic in the Moonlight only manages to feel magical intermittently and never ceases to be a lesser entry on Allen 's resume .
A minor , but pleasant entry in Woody 's canon .
... Magic in the Moonlight is one of Woody Allen 's boldest and best films .
Just another unmemorable motion picture for which it 's difficult to remember the broad brush strokes , not to mention the details , once the house lights have come on .
... a cinematic amuse-bouche . It 's satisfying if you 're not yet tired of Woody Allen 's rubber-stamped comedies .
Where the energy should fizz , it falls flat ... Both Stone and Firth need to be goosed or at least given a kick in the pants to enliven their rather routine flirtation .
Take it as a effervescent trifle is you will , that 's your choice , but there 's more than just fol-de-rol and tomfoolery going on here .
Charming without being laugh-out-loud funny , Magic in the Moonlight seems more intent on casting its own spell than going for the jugular .
A jubilant and delightful trifle that - much like many of his other 44 films - ponders the rhyme and reason of our existence , however futile or fruitful that may be .
It starts off with a flourish and winds up limp , like a rabbit pulled out of a hat that turns out to be dead .
Allen has n't lost his comic spark -- he 's still in the midst of a comic revival .
Firth is effective as the insufferable Stanley , who is ripe for his comeuppance from the very first time we see him haranguing his help backstage after a performance in Berlin .
This being a Woody Allen film , there 's some pretty sharp dialogue .
Woody Allen 's ` Magic in the Moonlight ' has lots to leave you smiling ...
I found it utterly engaging -- I loved it !
`` Magic in the Moonlight '' is richly entertaining thanks to the entire ensemble cast , and Allen 's consummate skills as both writer and director . Most importantly , its two leading stars prove to be a delightful , and believable , match .
A `` minor Woody Allen '' which does not imply `` bad Woody Allen . '' Plus , if you 're an Oscar nut , I 'm predicting some buzz for Ms. Atkins .
The movie may be most interesting in what it tells us about Allen himself .
Much of `` Magic In The Moonlight '' is a pleasure to experience , particularly if you 're an aficionado of the sort of sophisticated , neurosis-laden romantic comedy that counts as one of Allen 's specialties .
A movie which proceeds logically , but not always laughingly , from careful setup to dutiful complications to unsurprising denouement .
The joke quickly runs dry ...
With `` Magic in the Moonlight , '' Woody Allen appears to have made a movie just to make one , bringing to it little of the passion , urgency and inspiration that separates his superior efforts from his second-rate fillers .
As to whether `` Moonlight '' is magical - it is , but ever , ever so slightly .
Firth is Henry Higgins-like in his arrogant grouchiness and the play between him and the seemingly ingenuous Stone sparkles . Stone 's natural beauty is amplified by exceptional cinematography . Rarely will you see an actress filmed more lovingly .
As for the screenplay , it 's a full-on fumble . Doddering , even , and distant from any representation of plausible human behavior . It 's also yet one more early spring-late autumn romance from Allen 's Olympia SM-3 typewriter ,
Can we all stop making excuses for Woody Allen now ?
Ms. Stone is entrancing , whether Sophie is in or out of her trance state , and so is the movie as a whole .
With `` Magic in the Moonlight , '' Woody Allen has made a good Woody Allen movie , in all that the phrase implies .
It may not be wholly original or without its flaws , but `` Magic in the Moonlight '' offers a pleasant vacation from reality , and what more could you want from a summer movie ?
A pleasant , but forgettable , trifle .
Firth has a grand old time spouting anti-otherworldly pronouncements , stalking through gorgeous estates in full misanthropic crank mode .
Allen 's screenplay bubbles with witty wordsmithing executed with panache by a crackerjack cast .
Woody Allen on autopilot , disappearing into the jazz age again for a blunt , listless thesis film about the limits of rationality .
A delightful romantic comedy with enchanting performances by Emma Stone and Colin Firth .
An enchanting look at unlikely powers of love , this comedy is fluffier than a croissant just out of the oven . That 's not good enough .
The whole thing feels less like a genuine Woody Allen comedy than a pale imitation .
Mr. Allen has had his ups and downs over the years . Rarely , though , has he put a story on screen that manifests so little energy , so little curiosity about its own ideas and situations .
For much of its length , Magic In The Moonlight feels like an exquisitely shot costume drama set at a high-spirited , long-running party .
Melancholy and doubt may seem like gloomy qualities to blend into an amorous romp . But that shot of gravity is what makes Magic in the Moonlight memorable and distinctively Woody Allen .
More proof Allen should prioritize quality over quantity .
Magic in the Moonlight is a trifle . But it 's a Woody Allen trifle , which means it twinkles .
`` Magic in the Moonlight '' strolls along , muttering familiar axioms about the infernal inconvenience and bedevilment of romantic attraction .
The comedy is a good 30 or 40 percent less fizzy than it needs to be .
The pleasures of this movie lie in its two performers .
A master stroke of enchantment from one of the few legitimate cinematic geniuses of the modern cinema ...
For all the Mr. Darcy-ish charm Woody 's latest surrogate , Oscar winner Colin Firth , can still summon up , it 's hard to believe Allen 's current muse , played by Emma Stone , would put up with his insults for 10 minutes .
Slight Woody Allen period romance is enlivened by appealing leads Colin Firth and Emma Stone .
Magic in the Moonlight is awful and unnecessary . There is no magic , no moonlight , no chemistry , and no impediment to 98 minutes seeming like a day and a half .
Painfully slight , parched and laugh-starved
Had this pretty trifle been made by a different filmmaker , perhaps I could have just sat back and enjoyed the scenery . But it was n't . And I could n't .
`` Magic '' will be one of Allen 's films that his detractors pinpoint when they complain that he makes too many movies too quickly . This time , they 're probably right .
Unapologetic mediocrity can be so refreshing when it 's served by a master .
In the overall Allen pantheon , `` Magic in the Moonlight '' falls somewhere in the middle . There is enough to recommend it .
It may be familiar , but Magic in the Moonlight dazzles nevertheless : somehow it 's just as clever as it thinks it is .
`` Magic in the Moonlight '' feels like Woody marking time and putting out his obligatory annual fare , without much heart , only whimsy .
It 's a simple premise that Allen complicates with an illusionist 's expertise .
Whimsical , entrancing and ephemeral , it should airily appeal to those who loved ` Midnight in Paris ' -LRB- 2011 -RRB- .
Allen has n't put a ton of effort into ` Magic in the Moonlight , ' but underestimate it and it will smack you upside the head .
A film of obvious characterizations and even more obvious plot machinations that render its moment-to-moment charms moot .
an odd mix of deep thought and dashed-offedness . It 's definitely second tier Allen , but it 's a fun diversion especially when Firth and Atkins are on screen .
A muddled movie that delivers a gawky , unbelievable love story , tangled among a lazy intellectual debate , marinated in an abundance of sentiment and nostalgia .
Magic in the Moonlight has Woody Allen 's usual irrepressible charm that will appeal to those who have stuck with him through thick and thin .
Magic in the Moonlight is Allen 's most gratifyingly airy concoction in a while , but it 's also a comedy that insists , in the end , on making an overly rational case for the power of the irrational .
Breezy and funny and perfectly pleasant ...
It is n't as showy or obvious as one of Allen 's -LRB- many -RRB- masterpieces , but it is quite good and deserves your time and respect .
`` The heart wants what it wants , '' Woody Allen has taught us , and apparently what his heart wants these days is not to have to bother with writing second drafts of film scripts .
A high-spirited bauble that goes down easy thanks to fleet comic pacing , a surfeit of ravishing Cote d'Azur vistas and the genuinely reactive chemistry of stars Colin Firth and Emma Stone .
A fugacious bit of whimsy that can only be judged minor Woody Allen .
-LSB- A -RSB- minor addition to -LSB- Allen 's -RSB- output ...
There 's a clean distinction between endearing Allen comedies and afterthoughts . `` Magic in the Moonlight '' unquestionably falls into the latter category .

@highlight

While far from a failure , Magic in the Moonlight is too slight to stand with Woody Allen 's finest work .