The amount of scene-setting may disappoint those familiar with the story and looking for more , but this is an interesting world and story to explore .
Still they come , trying to fill that Harry Potter/Twilight-shaped gap . This adaptation of Cassandra Clare 's young adult series-launcher is an unashamedly derivative market filler .
The character development and story beats are quite predictable and that 's the irony of Zwart 's film : he 's made a mundane movie for an audience of mundanes .
It did n't help that the execution of the complex storyline was so messy and confusing that it was difficult to understand why the villain was doing what he was doing .
` Author ' Cassandra Clare assumes that you have never seen a film or read a book in your entire life . She steals plot details from Star Wars , Harry Potter and Twilight and assumes that no one will notice . I did .
Awful , expensive , over-long , unremittingly dull attempt to start a Twilight-like franchise ... plans were already underway for the sequel before this was released . They might just want to wait to see if anybody 's interested first .
If you can overlook the lack of originality , the film actually makes a good fist of making something fresh and appealing from its second-hand ingredients .
Way to give overwrought fan fiction a bad name . No amount of fairy dust can make this bewitching .
Traz uma série de elementos interessantes que acabam sendo sacrificados pela vontade da história de investir num romance mergulhado em pieguice e clichês .
In the end it comes off as rather inoffensively been-there , done-that -- except for Jamie Campbell Bower , that is , who is strictly WTF .
Who cares about a life-or-death battle with evil spirits when there 's angst-ridden teen relationship drama in the mix ?
Murky confusing adaptation of Cassandra Clare 's book . No franchise here .
What Harald Zwart 's film lacks is the focus that might make this cluttered set-up more than the sum of its dour design , raging hormones , incessant skirmishes and wearying exposition .
There are some interesting ideas and concepts within this fantasy world but they do n't come through clearly enough , despite the 130 minute duration .
At least you 're not forced to stare at Kristen Stewart 's sour mug for two hours .
A shallow and somewhat spiritless picture .
In the end , this ` City of Bones ' is all gnawed-over scraps from other , better movies .
This is a premise that might work in the hands of more eager filmmakers , but here it is reduced to a collection of fragmented scenes designed to mystify and infuriate .
` The Mortal Instruments : City of Bones ' might reduce plans for the sequel to ashes .
The action sequences never quite attain the level of thrilling , though Jonathan Rhys-Meyers boldly vamps it up as the -LRB- very tightly -RRB- leather-clad villain of the piece
Cluttered , kooky and completely bonkers
The 130-minute running time is 40 minutes too long - but then there 's enough repetitive plot exposition and ` who-is - really-related-to-who ? ' nonsense to cure insomnia .
Even with a rich and dark premise as well as a cast of thespians with actual acting chops , the story and movie are sub-par , forgettable , and crushingly boring .
Not only have we seen this all before , but we were probably hoping to not see it again .
'' ... any more generic and this supernatural teen-lit adaptation might as well have a plain unbleached-paper label and a title in comic sans . ''
It quite often feels like fantasy movie making by numbers and is particularly uninspired .
Fans of Cassandra Clare 's book series wo n't mind that this film is overcrowded and chaotic , but the uninitiated will be worn out by what feels like a superficial mash-up of leather-clad stereotypes .
An exhaustingly jumbled mess .
The Mortal Instruments : City of Bones is such a pathetic mess you end up feeling a little sorry for the poor mite .
The characterisation and plot developments are painfully unimaginative .
To watch this film is to gain a new level of identification with HAL 9000 : as MORTAL INSTRUMENTS unspools before your eyes , you can feel your mind going ... going ... gone - until you find yourself humming a verse of `` Daisy Bell . ''
While City of Bones hammers down a confident start , it soon applies that mallet to its own head , beating itself down to a narrative mush of illogic and loose plot threads .
Every fantasy creature except zombies get a workout in this overstuffed spectacle about a teenage girl who discovers she has angelic blood in her veins .
Fortunately for Twi-Hards , this IS the next TWILIGHT . Unfortunately for everyone else , this IS the next TWILIGHT .
This is film-making at its most cynical . But none of it actually makes much sense .
Here 's a familiar story so badly executed that not even the characters pay attention to what 's going on in it .
`` The Mortal Instruments : City of Bones '' plays like a `` Scary Movie '' parody .
This desperate Twilight wannabe hits more than its own share of clunky notes .
-LSB- The Shadowhunters are -RSB- a bunch of half-angelic beings tasked with fighting demons and watching over the `` mundanes , '' which I swear is actually what they call humans , I guess because `` boring poo-poo stupidheads '' might be a touch on the nose .
There 's enough of a glimmer that future stories can do away with the gristle and get into the meat of the thing , but you 've got to get through City of Bones first which might not be worth it unless you 're already invested in the series .
Teen-friendly fantasy romance does n't live up to the book .
Quickly descends into a painfully derivative , over-populated , over-long and increasingly confusing mess .
This tired mulch of fantasy clichés is hampered by its regressive attitude towards its plucky heroine .
Every moviegoer will have his own breaking point , when `` The Mortal Instruments : City of Bones '' surpasses the mundane and enters the ridiculous .
A passable new entry in the expanding subgenre of young-adult adaptations that should earn little attention from newcomers to the series , even if it might satisfy fans of the source material .
I 'm still not sure how this graduated to theatrical release . At best , it 's a failed pilot for another teen-centric primetime soap on The CW .
Some of the mythology is confusing , but its campy humor helps a lot .
`` The Mortal Instruments : City of Bones '' will make you yearn for more `` Twilight '' movies .
Maybe the most entertaining way to watch The Mortal Instruments : City of Bones is to count all of the other movies this one rips off .
Hollywood has more than enough high-caliber young adult lit to mine . Filmmakers should tap into richer human stories . We mere mortals would dearly appreciate it .
It 's a film that even this jaded anti-fan of this kind of dreck found himself rooting for in time , swayed by strong performances , a decent story , and a sense that at least for much of its running time the film pretended I was n't a complete moron .
It 's all presented in a jumble of mediocre action , cheesy emotion and underwhelming special effects , with a plot that goes on for too long and ends without resolving anything .
Romantic conflicts with all the depth of a T-NBC television program , while the stiff action beats appear inspired by Three Stooges routines .
It desperately gathers clichés like a teen fantasy Frankenstein that does n't realize its secret identity : parody .
The Mortal Instruments : City of Bones should please fans of the books . Others should consider one of the other films that make up this genre .
Mortal Instruments manages to occupy 130 minutes of frantic , numbing , activity .
Everything chugs along briskly and reasonably entertainingly until running off the rails a bit with a wildly overcomplicated finale .
The Mortal Instruments : City of Bones is a beautifully shot movie featuring talented actors and a story with a lot of potential . At the end of the day , however , it just does n't have much soul .
The Mortal Instruments : City of Bones may appeal to fans of the books who already know the complete story and simply want to see it brought to life onscreen , but for everyone else it 's just a jumbled mess .
Audiences new to this world will likely find themselves confused , with too many different elements stuffed into one movie .
The action flick is overly long , complicated and , even by teen romance standards , cringe-worthy in its cheesiness .
The mythology , while not exactly dense , is so broad that the film ends up biting off more than it can chew .
Those familiar with the source material -LRB- or looking for a post-Twilight obsession -RRB- may enjoy the quick pace of the film and be able to keep up ; however for the rest of us `` Mortal Instruments '' is just another ordinary book adaptation .
More than just another watered-down tween franchise wannabe .
No matter how good `` The Mortal Instruments : City of Bones '' looks , it 's hard to really care about anything that 's going on , and not just because we could barely understand it . ''
Alas , the titular City of Bones is more of a basement .
As it turns out , this is a step above Stephenie Meyer ... but there 's still a ways to go if it 's going to get really good in any way other than by comparison .
A passable late-summer stand-in for its core audience until the new fall CW television season begins .
Throws everything at the wall to see what sticks - Werewolves , vampires , warlocks , love triangles - because what is a tween story without one of those , gay demon hunters , incest ... Wait , what ? It is a mess , but somehow it works .
Collins is luminously lovely in the lead role and does what she can to keep her head above the waves of convoluted , nonsensical exposition she and her endless parade of co-stars are forced to lumber through .
The movie blasts by for a while as an odd and busy slice of highly watchable garbage .
never as clever as it thinks it is , as frightening as it hopes to be , or as thrilling as it planned on
One of the most disastrous page-to-screen adaptations in memory .
An almost random collection of sexy-supernatural teen signifiers aimed at squeezing the penultimate dollars out of a declining trend .
Are you a ` mundane ? ' Oy .
There 's a germ of something interesting and different within the film 's narrative tangle , but it 's unfortunately been subsumed by Hollywood 's dedication to replicating previous successes .
City of Bones is n't the worst of its kind , but crap served with flair is still basically crap .
Apparently unable to decide whether to take its own mythology seriously or not , this is a mess of sculpted cheekbones and incoherent romance .
This as shambolic drivel , a lazy , unfocussed , over-complicated attempt to ape Potter while drearily providing a Twilight-style love triangle ...
One heck of a generic genre piece .
Smart enough to qualify as quality entertainment for teens and twentysomethings .
References to `` Star Wars '' and the Harry Potter and Twilight universes pose less of a problem than the increasingly messy action scenes and an overabundance of main characters , more than enough to fuel several franchises .
Though it has flashes of promise , Bones traces the footsteps of its fantasy film predecessors too closely to blaze anything close to an original narrative .
There are too many characters , and too many of them spend too much time morphing into something else .
A ludicrous , borderline-nonsensical supernatural concoction with a slightly redeeming sense of its own silliness .
It sticks so closely to the YA formula that it feels like a mashup of a watery fantasy with soap opera . Suds overflow .
The fact that there is already at least one sequel planned feels more like a threat than a treat .
On the page , all of these elements may cohere into something distinctive , perhaps through the help of colorful prose . Onscreen , not so much .
The film drags on for 130 minutes , with the final half-hour consisting of near nonstop bashing between demons , werewolves and magical kids in sleek black outfits .
Starts out strongly but loses steam after a half-hour , cycling through a catalogue of tween-stamped CGI mayhem en route to a conclusion less thrilling than shrug-inducing .
So derivative of Joss Whedon , George Lucas , J.K. Rowling and Stephenie Meyer that it feels like a postmodern young-adult mishmash .
The film 's primary problem is its premature climax . It goes for the big action crescendo early , then tries to sustain that wild intensity for a solid hour . Admirable , but exhausting .
-LSB- Zwart -RSB- finally has a vehicle that tests his talents . His dark vision of the shadow world beyond the ordinary one is intricately detailed and believable throughout , even if much of it is the product of CGI mastery .
The perfect movie for those who thought the `` Twilight '' series just was n't quite teenage girly enough .
Liberally imitates , lifts , borrows and steals from so many other sources that it easily could have been called ` The Mashable Instruments : You 've Seen This All Before . ' -LRB- Full Parental Review also available -RRB-
-LSB- It -RSB- gets off to an entertaining , action-packed start ... But it 's soon bogged down by an increasingly convoluted plot , an overindulgent running time and absurd dialogue .
Yet for all that familiarity , the story is told with style and some wit ...
in addition to its overstuffed mythology , the movie 's climax is never ending , and so many plot strands are left open for the sequels it can not stand as a singular cinematic experience in and of itself .
The film version is n't likely to win over many who have n't read the novels .
The Mortal Instruments : City of Bones is dark and flashy , yet soulless and derivative .
Easily one of the year 's worst films . It 's so groan-worthy awful that it 's actually insulting to its target teen demographic , who despite a higher threshold for mediocrity than most , definitely deserve better .
Sadly for supernatural fantasy fans , The Mortal Instruments : City of Bones is as by-the-numbers as they come , coasting on the good looks of its cast without any of the storytelling magic that made the many films it borrows from so successful .
-LSB- I -RSB- t only grows more frustratingly dense with clarifications that toss out a lot of information without ever actually explaining anything .
There 's a Dumbledore , there 's a Voldemort , there 's a magical MacGuffin that our heroes must track down , but it 's a soulless attempt to re-create the Potter magic .
Playing much like bad fan fiction from an immature , lovelorn teenage girl who 's seen `` Twilight , '' `` Beastly , '' `` Star Wars , '' and `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' too many times , `` The Mortal Instrument : City of Bones '' is interminable gobbledygook .
Chugs along as middling entertainment , never completely boring and never particularly interesting either .
As with most adaptations of beloved books , this film plays to the fans .
Everything you 're looking for , provided you 're looking for nothing .
Competent enough to celebrate all the sexiness and violence that most of the other Twilight rip-offs -LRB- and especially Twilight -RRB- are afraid to even glance at .
`` The Mortal Instruments '' franchise is strictly for the initiated . They will no doubt love it . Everyone else will be flummoxed .
They sealed the fate of this `` franchise '' when they sold it to Screen Gems and Screen Gems hired the director of `` Agent Cody Banks ''
-LSB- The filmmakers -RSB- throw in everything from witches and vampires and demons to gay warlocks , mini-skirted monster hunters and werewolf bikers , but this silly epic never goes anywhere remotely interesting .
Overstuffed , overlong ... and brainless beyond belief ... -LSB- with a -RSB- numbingly convoluted and derivative plot , woodem acting and cheesy effects .
Earning the coveted and easily attained praise `` better than Twilight , '' City of Bones thrives not on the presence of awesome but the absence of terrible .
`` The Mortal Instruments : City of Bones '' hopes to be the start of a new franchise for tweens and Twihards , but the twuth is this twash is anything but a twiumph .
This is a film held together by hair wax , leather and bondage straps rather than coherent storytelling .
An endless parade of derivative genre tropes , even tedious and convoluted when it dares to break the formula-there may or may not be an incest subplot .
Like the book , the film uses a little of this and a little of that from all the lowbrow genres . At one point a character catches himself saying , `` The werewolves are coming to our rescue . '' It all adds up to a neutralizing hodgepodge of meaningless action .
With its spectacle , morbid sense of humor and hustling pace , `` The Mortal Instruments '' encourages you to shrug and just go with it .
Grown-ups might 've seen these tropes too many times to be impressed , but for teenage girls , it 's a full-on Tumblrgasm in the making .

@highlight

The Mortal Instruments : City of Bones borrows ingredients from seemingly every fantasy franchise of the last 30 years -- but ca n't seem to figure out what to do with them .