It 's an elegant , hypnotically glamorous , old-school thriller of the kind that has become a rarity , and solidifies Isaac as one of Hollywood 's most compelling new leading men .
A slick Sunday-afternoon flick .
-LSB- Patricia Highsmith 's -RSB- world is gloomy , but it 's nuanced . It 's fun . That 's not the world in -LSB- The Two Faces of -RSB- January , which seems incapable of humor or irony . Which is n't to say it fails .
Whether it 's as a starving misanthropic musician or a mysterious American swindler in Greece , Oscar Isaac positively oozes charisma
Still , there 's no shortage of visual pleasures to distract us from the existential boredom of a sinking ship .
The movie offers the old-fashioned pleasures of gorgeous location shooting in Greece and Turkey , a deftly unfolding psychological drama , and strikingly sharp performances .
The film never rises to the level of brilliant , but it has its brilliant moments . Many brilliant moments . And as a kind of off-kilter character study of three people in way over their collective heads , the story exudes a certain fascination .
It 's a classy looking movie for sure , and as pleasant a travelogue as Ripley was in its day . But Highsmith 's psychological edge is absent for much of this and its shade of noir has suffered a serious bleaching in all that Mediterranean sun .
A handsome thriller with plot twists that do n't always make sense , `` The Two Faces of January , '' moves slowly , but ultimately entertains .
A perfectly ordinary , unexceptionally satisfactory film ... does a fine job with the mechanics of the plot , but it whiffs a bit on the characters .
This is a well-written and well-acted movie . The relationships in the triangle at the center of the film are not easily made convincing , but excellent acting makes it work . This is a very solid thriller with a lot of compelling emotional complexity .
-LSB- Hossein Amini 's -RSB- polished storytelling carries this along , generally compensating for the mundane visuals and the actors ' skilled but unmoored performances .
Rather than rise , this story cools off , fading away into unconvincing , accidental tragedy and an attempted emotional coda that feels more stapled on than woven in .
Despite admirable moment-to-moment feats of actorly legerdemain from the primary and secondary cast alike , there 's a deadly lack of heat . The costumes sing , the cigarettes fume . The simmer satisfies but never earns the tale 's godless gloom .
As complicity , solicitude and self-interest blur and shimmer in the sun , the Highsmith-ian triangle of danger , deceit and desire tightens into a noose . A crisp , elegant throwback to a classic era of character-driven thrillers .
The film is worth watching just to see Isaac 's performance grow through the final third : as misery , grief , and hate fuse together in a tumultuous , hopeless climax .
Any subtext is derived from the shades of Isaac and Mortensen 's performances , playing men forced into an uneasy alliance .
The Two Faces of January is a stylish and riveting thriller full of suspense where the boundaries of the deranged fragments of the mind are pushed beyond their breaking point .
Amini is perhaps too intent on producing a film whose elegance outweighs its horrors , and as a result The Two Faces of January never fully delves into the hearts of darkness clearly beating beneath its mannered surface .
The sleek old-fashioned suspense story kept my interest throughout .
It 's pretty to look at , at any rate .
At a certain point , it 's akin to reading a mediocre murder mystery . You finish it because you 're too far in to quit , as opposed to actually caring how things wrap up .
Amini 's attention to detail is first-rate , giving his film a nostalgic retro feel that convincingly portrays Greece , circa 1962 .
A sumptuous film to watch . Humphrey Bogart would have loved the men 's clothes , Dunst recalls the golden age of individual Hollywood actresses and the sun-baked locations are so dry you 'll thirst for a summer drink .
A classy noir throwback from Hossein Amini and author Patricia Highsmith .
What the movie lacks in suspense , it could make up for with erotic tension . That 's missing , too .
Amini ... has a playful darkness that jibes with Highsmith 's sensibilities .
Everything about The Two Faces of January is right , even as the events it describes - a couple 's idyllic Grecian holiday , a charming American 's adventures abroad - go terribly wrong .
The movie never reaches a boil . Instead , it simmers and simmers until you 're suddenly shocked at the hot water you 're in .
Things get awfully twisted under that hot Mediterranean sun .
A talented cast , but they all smolder and never ignite .
A stylish directorial debut for screenwriter Hossein Amini .
It follows three people , all of them flawed and under pressure , and keeps the audience in sympathy with all three . It 's some kind of feat to place three people in conflict and have the audience wish the best for each of them .
Appealing actors and exotic settings ca n't lift an old-school thriller above its Hitchcock aspirations .
It may not quite capture the tone and the dread of the Master of Suspense 's work , but it 's not too far off , and it stands out from the rest of the pack as much for what it does n't do as for what it does .
Though not as talented or as sophisticated as Mr. Ripley , there 's still enough substance and period style to the Two Faces of January .
It offers a lesson in crafting antiheroic characters . We do n't have to identify with them , but we at least need to be intrigued .
Stylish , cinematically lush and well-acted by its gorgeous three leads .
There are few points at which it does n't seem as though the film could have amounted to more than the sum of its impressive parts .
You should see it just for Chester-the adventurous sham , running ever deeper into a maze of his own devising .
A tightly rolled cigarillo , the kind of thing you smoke on holiday while overlooking the ocean from your hotel balcony .
Without even one fast-paced car chase or explosive special effects scene , this elegant thriller fills the screen with exquisite suspense .
It 's Patricia Highsmith and those of us who enjoy her irrational , perverse world should definitely catch this film .
Stylish thriller set in '60s Greece has drinking , smoking .
The convergence of two superb writers creates a taut , character-driven thriller .
Gorgeous , occasionally evocative , but , in the end , mostly dull .
There are no jolting twists or shocking reveals . The reward lies mostly in accepting each character on his or her terms .
This is one of Mortensen 's best performances , and `` The Two Faces of January '' is one gorgeously rendered old-school feature .
... an atmospheric , scintillating tale of intrigue that would have been right at home in the 1940s when they made movies like this , despite an ending that does n't live up to the rest of the movie .
Starts strong , but finishes sloppy .
Perfectly fine - as chilly as a cold platter of octopus salad , as bracing as a shot of ouzo .
Some plot contrivances aside -LRB- though apropos to the genre tropes at play -RRB- , The Two Faces of January is entertaining , retro-tinged fare ...
Even when the plot threatens to crumble , the actors know what to do with the pieces .
It 's a passion project , but you do n't really sense a lot of passion on display . It 's more like a job well done - a clean , efficient , old school thriller that could have come out when the source was published .
There 's a mystery here , some thrills and blood , but mostly there are beautiful people and the kind of human hunger that devours everything and everyone in sight .
All the pieces would seem to be in place for an effective film , but the direction is zestless , the pace is more often laggardly than leisurely , and the lead performances are surprisingly lifeless ...
The Two Faces of January feels shot too tight and cut too tight ; it does n't push forward at a bewilderingly fast pace , but its story and its performances still feel like they need more room to breathe .
Is the film too old-school for short attention spans ? Maybe . Rest assured that Amini 's shuddery endgame is well worth the wait .
An intriguing diversion - a not always successful one , but a relatively decent potboiler nonetheless .
Making his directorial debut , versatile screenwriter Hossein Amini ... has crafted an entertaining , evocative drama in The Two Faces of January .
It 's consistent , crisply constructed , and a welcome break from the world of Tom Ripley .
It lives or dies on its ending , and the final minutes here do n't jibe with the rest of the film 's cat-and-cat game .
You do n't realize just how taut this little film is until it has you thoroughly in its grasp .
January skirts by on its tastefulness and appreciation for the source material , however single-minded .
Color it mesmerizing .
Stewing and scenic , unfolding amid the islands and catacombs of Crete and Athens , and loaded with the usual film-noir delights : fedoras , lipstick-stained highballs , and bare-knuckled fistfights .
Patricia Highsmith provides the plot and writer-director Hossein Amini supplies the culture in The Two Faces of January , a gripping old-school suspenser .
A taut , elegant adaptation of the lesser-known 1964 Patricia Highsmith novel .
The film 's major plus is its exotic atmosphere .
Director Hossein Amini sometimes overplays his hand ... but the acting is excellent , with Mortensen particularly strong as his character 's cool façade begins to crack .
Hossein Amini 's edits and sequences are engineered for narrative efficiency , often at the expense of thematic or affectual aims .
Tense psychological thriller centering on a rivalry between a husband and the man to whom his wife is attracted .
The treat is watching -LSB- Oscar -RSB- Isaac and the magnetic -LSB- Viggo -RSB- Mortensen enact an Oedipal dance of desperation , their black hearts racing under white linen suits .
This is that rare movie that 's way ahead of the viewer instead of the other way around . In terms of what it sets out to do , and does , there 's nothing missing .
Amini demonstrates considerable skill both with actors and with the camera , giving the film a pungent balance of visual elegance and moral seediness .
Director Amini juggles the pairs with Hitchcockian aplomb .
Ambitious , gorgeous , even brave at times , though not always assured , Hossein Amini 's beautiful and cautiously constructed thriller is an admirable piece featuring a trio of impressive performances
It 's the locations that give the film its most robust flavour ... the plot is n't the film 's greatest attribute , but hums along reliably , next to actors , clothes and locations that do the heavy lifting . Fun and disposable .
We 've all got a bit of good in us . We 've all got a bit of bad in us . That comes through loud and clear when you get to know these characters .
A welcome hark back to the days when mystery films were chiefly the stuff of cinema rather than TV ... an absorbing , finely honed adventure .
This expertly executed adaptation of a second-tier title from esteemed author Patricia Highsmith is all about making a little niggle go a long way .
Structurally his script is excellent , condensing the book 's plot while retaining its spirit .
Amini 's handling of this gripping drama makes the film intriguing even when some of the plot developments stretch the boundaries of belief , and the film boasts three very strong performances in the leading roles .
Long-time screenwriter Hossein Amini -LRB- Drive -RRB- displays a degree of airy , old-fashioned elegance in his first directorial outing .
A final foot chase - like much before it - attempts to recall classics like The Third Man , yet is successful only in the way that Mortensen 's speed is as dubious as Orson Welles ' .
A tight , stylish , romantic thriller with strong characters and driving plot , The Two Faces of January is the perfect remedy for those who live on a steady diet of Hitchcock and Wilder noir 's .
It 's the three central performances that define this thriller , with the two men as the ` two faces ' - the duality that they represent . -LRB- Janus was the god of beginnings and endings for the Romans -RRB-
This is a tale filled with secrets and shadows with all the elements coming together serendipitously - good storytelling , layered performances and edge of seat tension to keep us guessing
This is a taut thriller whose gaze is always focused on the progress of plot and relationships .
A handsome , engrossing and classy , if not classic , throwback thriller .
An unhurried , louche thriller that gives way to claustrophobia as it starts to get its clammy hands around your neck .
A handsomely mounted if somewhat slight affair , beautifully photographed by Marcel Zyskind , gorgeously dressed by Steven Noble , and well played by the central trio ...
This sun-drenched thriller is much more than a pretty picture : it 's also a slow-burning story about moral compromises that worms its way under the skin .
Impeccable production values and pitch perfect performances ensure engagement levels remain high . These positives , however , do n't fully compensate for a spectacle that lurches uncomfortably close to melodrama towards the conclusion .
Its richness lies in the complexity of its characterisation .
There 's delicious movie-movie elegance in the exotic locales and the period dress , but not much tension to be found in the murderous misadventures on offer .
The film at times resembles an Agatha Christie movie - the kind of classy product TV companies love to show on a snoozy Sunday afternoon .
Amini ... has done a splendid job of evoking Greece in the early Sixties .
The Two Faces Of January charts a downward spiral of death and deceit marked by bad decisions taken for all the wrong reasons .
The Two Faces of January is an old fashioned thriller from the writer of Drive that despite a few missteps , is still a thoroughly fascinating directorial debut .
An enjoyable , if underpowered Highsmith adaptation which is lifted by its charismatic performances .
There are many attractive parts to this thriller - handsome leads , a meaty Patricia Highsmith plot , Mediterranean sunlight on cream linen suits - but it 's no greater than the sum of them .
By the Istanbul last act the movie has become incurably woolly and one-note-enigmatic .
Despite the potentially sparky dynamic of the super-heated menage a trois the tension-free narrative lacks depth ...
A pleasurable throwback to the character-driven thrillers of Alfred Hitchcock , rich in atmosphere and immaculately tailored .
It 's beautifully shot and quietly absorbing . But the low-level tension never really threatens to bubble over .
While a competently watchable affair , there 's some flimsy characterisation that these fine actors ca n't quite embellish ; Dunst in particular is saddled with an underwritten role .
It all makes for a thriller that balances urgent storytelling with ethical dilemmas . Now , if only someone would make a proper version of Highsmith 's masterful Edith 's Diary .
Intelligent , stylish adaptation of a Highsmith thriller with a crack cast and superbly photographed period locations . But it misses the essential element of tension .
It looks and feels very familiar , but being such a lean , mean tightly-woven thriller also makes it a refreshing break from the contemporary norm .
A superior directorial debut for a smart , literate screenwriter delivers both first-class character drama and edge-of-your-seat suspense .
Rather than feel like an actual film noir , instead it feels like a modern film imitating the genre , and as such struggles to compel in quite the way it should .
The Two Faces of January is by no means a disaster . It 's undemandingly watchable in a way that ... feels akin to a TV movie , one that 's destined to be broken up for ad breaks and so ca n't afford to be too complex .
It 's an elegantly pleasurable period thriller , a film of tidy precision and class .

@highlight

With striking visuals , complex characters , and Hitchcockian plot twists , The Two Faces of January offers a pleasantly pungent treat for fans of romantic thrillers .