The Last House on the Left is perhaps best seen as a reminder of why remakes of classic horror films almost always fail .
The director , Dennis Iliadis , is exactly the right type of person to helm an upgrade of this manner : he is a genuine fan of the source .
A fascinating and confrontational horror film that deals with terrors a lot more chilling than some dude swinging a machete .
If you must , seek out the original to see nasty things happen to nasty people in a nasty film .
The remake deviates from its source material , giving something new for fans of the original to enjoy/moan about , and employ some imagination with a few of the killings .
An utterly stellar revenge picture ...
As remakes go , Last House On The Left is at least a decent addition to the 1972 classic .
This version is a capably , confidently , and chillingly effective opportunity to place ourselves in the worst possible shoes for a length of time .
Remaking Last House on the Left seemed like a dubious proposition at best ... yet somehow the new HOUSE works better than expected .
... superior -LSB- to the original -RSB- in that it makes clear the conflicting justification and degradation of the retaliation , establishing a grayer level of morality .
What 's most disappointing about the 2009 version is that it strips all the moral ambiguity from the 1972 original of the same name .
Unlike the Craven film , there 's little of the audience implication that made these visions of violated innocence and draining retribution so troubling .
Not quite as bad as I thought it was going to be . The original was downright awful .
Given my particular distaste for both remakes and rape-revenge movies , I was as surprised as anyone to find that this is a better horror movie than it probably should be .
The new version is tamer than the original but still dwells unpleasantly on the daughter 's rape ; this made me ill-disposed towards the ensuing scenes of violent payback .
This is n't scary , just plain exploitative .
in its way -LSB- the film -RSB- out-Hanekes Haneke -LRB- without feeling like a lecture -RRB- , by confronting us in the end with what we expected -LRB- and possibly also desired -RRB- all along from this kind of movie .
A grimly effective new version of the notorious Last House On The Left .
Dennis Iliadis 's remake retains its ferocious power and provocative themes , and thanks to a focused script that unfolds in real time , it ratchets up the suspense and sucks us into a remorseless cycle of violence and revenge .
This year 's model , lacking any meaningful context of its own , is reactionary , conservative - existing purely as a slick commercial venture , more grisly grist to the multiplex mill .
A dismal reminder of just how starved Hollywood studios are for good ideas .
The narrative structure is ingenious and sexual assault is at least shown as having dramatic and human consequences of some sort , if only in the context of revenge . Was n't the original movie enough ?
This clanging cover version believes in nothing , not even its own nihilism , and the horrors it portrays leave us colder , but not wiser .
Its biggest shock is that there 's much to praise , with a couple of stellar performances complementing the mounting tension and intriguingly twisting narrative .
Director Iliadis succeeds by building tension and putting everyone at unease rather than grinding out cheap shocks .
A passable , pointless remake that 's as slick as it is empty .
This is not a horror , it 's a thriller and as a thriller it 's moderately effective but as it a film it wo n't leave you feeling entertained or thrilled , just a bit uncomfortable .
It has none of the underlying humanity of that other revenge thriller Eden Lake , and by the end I found the experience repulsive and deeply exploitative of its audience 's worst instincts .
Predictable , pointless and pathetic .
A thoroughly nasty rape revenge tale that 's short on logic but strong on blood and brutality . An unpleasant movie experience .
A thought-provoking ordeal is repackaged as a middling shocker which leaves you feeling good about revenge .
The cast bring a level of reality to this that 's surprisingly impressive .
Wes Craven 's 1972 classic has been reworked but it has lost the edge-of-seat suspense which made the original one of the best of the genre .
Nasty but sometimes effective .
Director Iliadis creates undeniably tense moments in , but the depravity is so gratuitously in-your-face that even a seasoned film critic might baulk .
This glossily dumbed-down remake is little more than sloppy , multiplex-aimed torture porn dribbled with pantie shots .
As pointless remakes go , this is actually pretty good , thanks to strong performances , impressive camerawork and stylish direction .
In turning the dirt-cheap original into a glossy slice of gore-nography , Wes and director Dennis Iliadis have lost one important thing . The entire ruddy point of the exercise .
The film 's nothing more than voyeuristic torture porn .
Though often well acted and at times impressively directed , the new film eliminates Craven 's ugly-to-the-core visual style , tones down the violence and softens the bleakness of the original premise , yet in doing so it becomes more problematic .
This remake by Dennis Iliadis cost a great deal more than Craven 's $ 100k and in many respects is an upgrade . What it lacks in the shock-of-the-new it makes up for with a more rounded storyline .
... this ` Last House on the Left ' does n't have the bite of the original .
All the horror movie standards : sex , drugs , crotch shots and gore .
What 's missing are the subversive , shocking conceits of the original .
More a thriller about family ties taken to unimaginable extremes than an attempt to engage with any real subtext .
... a dispiriting exercise in ultra-violence that even the gorehounds will find disappointing ...
There 's something admirable about a film that so effectively taps into a viewer 's primal instincts .
A vile exercise masquarading as art .
... just an impersonal Saturday-night revenge flick , of the sort that Michael Haneke 's Funny Games -LRB- either version -RRB- eviscerated and made irrelevant .
Brutal . Graphic . Disturbing . The remake of `` Last House on the Left '' is all those things . And , oh yes , this adults-only story is ancient .
rectifies the original 's bizarre tonal range , but also dilutes its thematic power by completely discarding the critical portrayal of vengeance as a zero-sum game
Crafted with such professionalism it might be the story of Gandhi rather than a wallow in rape , murder and the vengeance of the parents -LRB- who , true to the domestic associations of the title , dispatch the evildoers with garbage disposal and microwave oven -RRB- .
The requisite studio-movie gloss reduces the gritty , documentary-style efficiency of the original .
Manages at once to be unpleasant and tedious .
Much less tawdry than the original , and much more harrowing .
All the slickness works against the remake because it helps to distance the audience from the unpleasantness on the screen .
Gory and violent but your inner vigilante will cheer
It 's pretty to look at and ugly to digest .
It presents sadism in the context of a narrative that is straightforward and believable , and for those who crave a little terror in their lives , it offers a truly unsettling experience while raising questions mundane and otherwise .
Extremely entertaining if you do n't mind being morally corrupted at every juncture .
It 's that first 30 minutes that ruin this movie .
Boy , words can not express how much I just loathe and detest this movie .
` Sara still wears a training bra , ' says director Iliadis , ` although what 's the point of training if you never have to compete ? '
Neither a glimmer of satire nor gram of wit animates Dennis Illiadis ' 109 minutes beside the lake .
An obvious improvement over its amateurish predecessor ...
Shinier , but no less disgusting .
if you like rape , you 'll love The Last House on the Left . The rest of America with normal sensibilities probably does n't have the stomach for this film .
Iliadis knows a little something about mounting dread , as his slick camera work is constantly looking just past the brush for something creepy that may or may not be there . That 's about as far as the praise goes for The Last House on the Left .
The Last House on the Left is alternately gross , brutal and difficult to watch . It 's also arresting entertainment as its revenge tale kicks into overdrive .
Iliadis is more visually sophisticated than Craven was in 1972 and works hard to sustain the mood and tension while still hitting the audience with blunt scenes of wincing violence .
There 's little to set this latest Last House apart from other revenge-themed horror flicks of the past 30 years .
In the end , like virtually every other remake that has been released recently , it 's polished and predictable .
A shockingly mundane disappointment taken on its own and a deeply misguided refraction of the original .
The cast , although are n't A-listers , were perfect for their parts .
Do not go to this movie if you simply seek entertainment . If you 're a sociologist tracking the decline of civilization over the past four decades , you 're in for a night of solid research .
I was all set to give Iliadis credit for using extreme subject matter to ask smart questions about right , wrong and human nature . But then , he unleashes an unnecessary -LRB- albeit original -RRB- final scene that erases any doubt .
While director Dennis Iliadas has no trouble capturing depravity , as the film wears on the script lets him down .
The action scenes are particularly gripping .
The remake is much glossier but also takes place mostly in real time , using long takes , genuinely disturbing violence and stretches with no dialogue to pin you to the story .
It must be said that The Last House on the Left is really well done , with impressive performances , masterful creation of dread and tension , perfect pacing , intense storytelling , haunting cinematography , truly sickening sound effects , and all .
Stripped of that sociological context , the extreme brutality here ca n't help but feel more than a little exploitative , especially where the film 's female victims are concerned .
A deliberate , underplayed horror movie that is truly shocking .
Repulsive and dull , together at last .
If you want good revenge read some Shakespeare , if you want blood see a slasher , if you want to waste two hours then visit the last house on the left .
Unlike the slew of Michael Bay - produced slasher remakes , this is not an idea-free flick . And Craven -LRB- shepherding producer on this remake -RRB- believes in character . More , he believes , in engaging what the word `` horror '' means .
With an incredible performance by Garret Dillahunt and great supporting work by Monica Potter , Sara Paxton , Tony Goldwyn , and others , Last House is the best mainstream horror movie in a long time .
In this era of torture porn , this film seems intent on reconnecting audiences with the power and intensity of real-life , even quiet and casual creepiness .
What registers now is the simple cruelty of fate , as unlucky coincidences lead to the direst of consequences .
The movie means to be about how violence makes animals out of all of us , including the vengeful parents . Unfortunately , that also includes the audience .
If one engages in such an endeavor to begin with , then filing away the harshest edges becomes counterproductive .
The remake of Wes Craven 's notorious rape-revenge shocker is a crowd-pleaser rather than a grim moral lesson about the price of doing very bad things , and as long as the downbeat lead-in does n't put them off , the third-act payoff will have audiences cheer
Craven 's version was sloppy and amateurish and felt like a disturbing home movie . This one feels like a Hollywood movie , like a product to be sold .
Parental Content Review
This flick is one of the most disturbing , brutal and hard-to-watch movies I have seen . It is definitely on par with the original !
Parts of The Last House on the Left are among some of the most intense you have seen in movies this year
I suspect the movie 's sound designers deserve some kind of an award : thanks to them , the damage one can inflict with small appliances and a giant grudge is all too clear .
Be all that as it may I just ca n't recommend this thing . It made me feel dirty and ugly , and by the time it was over I wanted to run home and take a shower to get the filth off of me .
Has plenty of gore and a run-of-the-mill , unimaginative plot that feels tedious , pointless , inane and insipid .
Brutal , bloody , and bleak , The Last House on the Left is a rarity in an age of tepid remakes .
Craven himself has said that the 2009 is a marked improvement over his film and some fans I know balked at such a statement . Only the truth is they should keep repeating to themselves , ` Craven was right . Craven was right . '
While viewers left the original film shaken , disquieted and deeply disturbed , audiences here are meant to be sent out cheering over the over-the-top ways in which the bad guys are dispatched , a change that I find almost more disturbing than anything that
This is the kind of movie that prompted Michael Haneke to make Funny Games twice , and while I loathed that moralistic scold of a film , Last House almost made me concede Haneke 's point .
-LSB- A -RSB- ssume -LSB- s -RSB- that the audience is a vicarious sexual sadist ...
Fairly well-made ... -LSB- but -RSB- I 'm not convinced that watching people get tortured and killed is worthwhile as entertainment , regardless of whether or not they deserve it .
Last House on the Left is so stomach-churningly anti-human it makes you wonder why Goldwyn ... and Potter signed on .
Sure , the movie is predictable -LRB- a convenient storm causes power outages and therefore the dark house is creepily candlelit and who knows who 's lurking behind the door -RRB- , but it keeps its audience on edge .
Not only is it plodding and completely predictable , the carnage is rendered slowly and quasi-reverentially , making the whole brutal experience come off like torture porn .
This remake plods to its finale .
Just another meaningless horror movie .
First-time director Dennis Iliadis spices up the visual style with unusual camera and cutting choices that liven the tempo beyond typical horror-movie cliché . Time will tell whether or not this Last House launches his career .
The Last House on the Left is reverent to his original . Too bad it 's not as nasty .
In comparison -LSB- to Craven 's original -RSB- , Ililadis 's remake is like the difference between Rob Zombie 's `` House of 1000 Corpses '' and `` The Devil 's Rejects '' - times ten .
This remake is faithful in plot but not in spirit .
For what it is , it 's effective . But lost among the bloodlust is any sense of these characters as human beings .
The latest remake of an old story , in which escaped criminals unknowingly seek shelter at the home of their latest victim 's parents , The Last House on the Left wallows in sick sadism while missing the point completely .
For what it is ... The Last House on the Left is effective . The problem lies in what it is -- a pure exercise in sadism unencumbered by any larger concerns .
The remake kind of neuters the unpredictable -LRB- and sometimes wild -RRB- characters in the service of making them less ethically complicated .
Substitutes general ` intensity ' for every thorny stylistic and political particulars that made Craven 's film so singular .
Enthralling , mature and full of measured tension . The Last House on the Left is no The Virgin Spring , but it beats the pants off of its direct thirty-seven-year-old predecessor .
It 's a typical neo-horror thriller that replaces suspense with grotesque clinical violence .
The Last House on the Left is the best in the latest crop of slasher remakes . Admittedly , that is faint praise .
This film ... is what it is : a stark story of bloodthirstiness quenched , first by the obvious antagonists , then by sympathetic , civilized characters who avenge the atrocities that have come before .
Those viewers trapped in the film 's nihilism and hoping for more can amuse themselves by looking at the film as an Aristotelian tragedy -- take that , Friday the 13th remake !
Audiences with a brain cell left have only one choice : Look for the first exit on the right .
Dennis Iliadis is able to make a cult classic once told , feel relevant and terrifying all over again .
Its main goals are to shock , titillate , enrage and otherwise jolt your reflexes , which it does shrewdly and successfully .
A banal , insistently juvenile venture that climaxes loudly from its own gaudy sadism , reveling in sexual violence to a blinding degree that spotlights brazen incompetence over any fundamental genre manipulation .
It fails to provide much in the way of entertainment value thanks to scenes of violence that turn its otherwise escapist gore into a harrowing and often hard-to-watch reality .
I 'm giving it a 2.5 in the silly star rating system and throwing up my hands .
There are so many elements , you really do n't know what 's coming next , even though you know exactly what 's going to happen .
Morally hollow , devoid of bigger issues and discussion points .
A stylish but pointless exercise that wastes all the great talent involved .
Gone is the original 's early campiness , here replaced by eye-of-the-storm calm that portends tragedy , as well as its later over-the-top grindhouse gore , now swapped for taut suspense punctuated by visceral brutality .
Bucolic class warfare , while toying sadistically with the wrongheaded notion that victims likewise harbor inner homicidal maniacs waiting to be set free . But undeniably super-scary , just when you thought that genre had been done to death , no pun .
Unnecessary on every level save the paramount commercial one .
This film is only for those who go in with open eyes and understand what they 're in for .
This remake is merely vile -LRB- and dull -RRB- , with a badly miscast Tony Goldwyn as the raging dad who makes revenge for his daughter 's violation look more gratuitously brutal than the crime .
While at the hands of a less competent director , Last House could have been an epic failure , but Dennis Iliadis has proven to the world that he 's more than capable of directing a film of this caliber - and taking it to a higher level .
This is a horror movie that illustrates the difference between cringing and feeling .
Someone somewhere will probably try to foist The Last House on the Left remake off as some sort of social commentary . Do n't be fooled . It 's not .
As an exploitation B-horror movie , this latest addition to the genre is heads and shoulders above anything Rob Zombie has ever done .
The banal piece , filled with clunky dialogue and generic villains , is a story inspired , believe it or not , by ` The Virgin Spring , ' one of the world 's all-time great films .
It fails , through its villainy ; this trio of baddies resembles a dive-bar slumming suburban psychobilly band , no meth-breath hazards .
Terrifying . Director Iliadis burns tension and Garret Dillahunt still scares me . Makes Ned Beatty 's Deliverance rape look like a romance .









@highlight

Excessive and gory , this remake lacks the intellectual punch of the 1972 original .