Goodbye Christopher Robin is an emotionally brutal film which allows no quarter to its unloving and unlovable characters .
Despite a lineup of impressive performances , though , we cover so much ground from before Christopher 's birth to his manhood , we never feel fully plunged into the Milnes ' lives .
In many ways a complex exploration of the twin challenges of artistic creation and parenting , -LSB- the film -RSB- nevertheless strays distressingly from the real facts of the case .
It 's a true story that 's an often sad one , and attempts to lighten it with flashes of poetic whimsy to convey the magic of Milne 's stories end up cheapening it .
This gives rise to a larger tonal issue that weakens the film 's otherwise solid narrative , as Goodbye Christopher Robin tries to spin a heartwarming story out of one that is more heartbreaking and poignant .
Well done drama . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Director Simon Curtis ... sends a pertinent warning about sharing our children 's lives with the world .
It 's a film perhaps lacking a central focus , but dimple-cheeked Will Tilston 's touching contribution as young master Christopher helps make the true story behind a beloved classic both startling and affecting .
... the film 's set-up and bookended final act are poorly constructed to mine maximum melodrama , a tone that is at odds with this film 's gentler , sweet and even bittersweet passages .
Goodbye subtlety and and emotional nuance , too .
Understatement is a quintessential British trait , but it must be used cautiously .
Imagine trying to hurl a baseball at a beehive full of honey , only for the pitch to wildly miss and smash Eeyore in the face , and you have the script for this film
A look at that humanity and the beauty that can come from the purest joys of childhood .
The kind of movie where the actors step from one shaft of sunlight carefully into another , their performances stiff as wind-up toys , hampered by the need to place their faces `` just so '' to catch the light ... misuses PTSD as a cheap sentimental trick .
I 'm sure many people will find this a bittersweet drama a lovely way to explore the origins of Winnie the Pooh .
Fans of Gleeson -LRB- son of Brendan -RRB- will enjoy his fine , buttoned up performance , still the film does grind on .
It 's for adults who now identify with Christopher , a fairly tortured lad whose childhood was anything but magical .
has quite a bit to impart about the trauma of betrayal , but also the power of forgiveness
There are powerful ideas and emotions here , at times communicated effectively - but always with a chewy sweetness that cheapens them . This is a bizarro world where every sin is forgiven and every wound healed .
Pooh is n't the only thing that 's stuffy in Goodbye Christopher Robin ...
The solid Goodbye Christopher Robin is a perfectly amiable and beautifully filmed semi-biopic . That it has Domhnall Gleeson , Kelly Macdonald and Margot Robbie as the adult leads is to its credit .
Whatever truth the film holds is in the darkness between these parents and their offspring - but even that is not quite faithful enough .
Goodbye Christopher Robin is a well-mounted , mostly well-told and very likeable film .
As this serious -LRB- often bordering on stern -RRB- biopic shows us , Milne 's wistful lightness of touch as a writer came from quite a heavy place .
This solidly acted and directed small-scale family relationship melodrama should have you shedding a tear , or three ...
It might not be subtle but director Simon Curtis makes his case with impressive narrative economy .
... fluffy and innocuous , unlikely to have even a fraction of the lasting impact of the characters and fantasy world spawned by its subject , which is just as well .
Buoyed by its impeccable credits , this handsome production with sweeping score and fine performances is pleasing to the eye and not without its charms , but bears the weight of artifice .
Charming , bittersweet ` backstory ' about the creation of one of literature 's most beloved children 's tales ...
A sweet , gentle drama ...
Goodbye Christopher Robin ... brings to life the true story behind the creation of Winnie the Pooh .
Directed with a stiff sense of dignity by Simon Curtis , Goodbye Christopher Robin is about men and boys , fathers and sons , losing and finding themselves .
Curtis mixes the saccharine and the sour , but the pairing does n't ever achieve a palatable blend of its ingredients in the way intended .
Without the charm of Milne 's tales , Goodbye Christopher Robin feels hollow .
The performances are uniformly excellent .
There 's simply something lulling about this kind of ode-to-England piece that gets it right . And `` Goodbye Christopher Robin '' certainly does that .
The movie 's focus on the caustic effects of celebrity make this narrative set in the first half of the 20th century particularly relevant for the media-frenzied 21st .
Goodbye Christopher Robin has degrees of complexity that are admirable and does n't shy away from hard truths .
Young Tiltson all but steals the show from his elders .
Unlike Milne 's Pooh stories , which are cuddly , effortless and embraceable , it is unwieldy and awkward . To borrow a phrase from a certain fluff-stuffed bear : Oh , bother .
What emerges , from a contemporary perspective , is a critical debate involving the use of children to sell books and products .
Under the direction of Simon Curtis , Goodbye Christopher Robin plays on heartfelt sentiments without sinking to the sentimental .
Crushingly bad in two completely different ways . It 's boring for the first half , and reprehensible for its second .
It 's sweetness and Englishness shines through a truncated , tone-shifting script .
Christopher/Tilston never stops smiling , mostly thanks to his time with a spectacularly wonderful nanny -LRB- warmly played by Macdonald -RRB- and a few nice chats and charming afternoons in the country woods with his work-oriented father .
There 's a stillness in the books , a sense of fighting the advances of time inside a melancholy womb of comfort and safety . It 's all beautiful . It 's also steeped in denial ... the movie gives us the insight into why Winnie feels like Albert Camus for kids .
There 's an awful lot of weight for one movie to carry , but the strain really only becomes apparent during the latter passages .
The film certainly has plenty of potential and promising material , but as presented it 's just not that interesting . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Even if it 's pitched as the behind-the-scenes tale of a celebrated children 's series , Goodbye Christopher Robin works best as a story about a father and a son .
It 's a little uneven , as it undergoes a wild shift in tone roughly halfway through , but it 's a well-acted and well-written story about fame and family .
Goodbye Christopher Robin is a tightly crafted , beautiful-looking , emotionally involving film that also happens to be mostly untrue .
In its admirably modest way , this is a thoughtful film -- more Pooh than Disney in its style .
Curtis drags the story through all the routine period motions , where everybody looks and talks and dresses like they 're in a stately prestige film .
` Goodbye Christopher Robin ' is at times simplistic - detailing , for example , how money and fame taint and corrupt - but it also celebrates the wonders of childhood that can not be stifled by parental missteps and ignorance .
It is all so beautifully photographed , with a surreal snow scene in which the flakes drift up as well as down , and impeccable production values , highlighted by lovely drawings-cum-animations of Christopher and Winnie at play .
`` Goodbye Christopher Robin '' digs into the origins and consequences of Milne 's mythic Winnie-the-Pooh stories in ways that are charming and ultimately poignant .
Wallowing in that sadness is less pleasant than a heffalump attack , no matter how beautifully the Hundred-Acre Wood is photographed .
-LSB- Simon -RSB- Curtis crafts a gentle-spirited movie around a serious theme .
You may want to bring a handkerchief , so boldly manipulative the movie ends up being , but for fans of Pooh and the power of art as therapy during times of existential crises , the story is never less than interesting and melodramatically well-done .
Goodbye Christopher Robin resonates today amid multiple wars and a celebrity culture that skews fame , life , and values . It confronts family schisms . And it reflects on the long and sometimes tortured path to healing the human psyche .
It 'd be enough to break your heart-if any of it felt real .
Be prepared to turn into a weeping mess at the end .
It 's a heart-wrenching , well told story that leaves you wanting to a hug a stuffed bear .
Who would n't want to spend one more magical day in the Hundred Acre Wood ?
While Goodbye Christopher Robin might take its time getting to its finale , it 's the journey that makes for a good film .
Goodbye Christopher Robin is an overlong episode of snobbery and downplayed child abuse .
The movie devolves into a manipulative weepie with sappy dialogue .
Domhnall Gleeson and Margot Robbie make it entirely watchable , but the lack of complicated emotions means it 's also completely forgettable .
Winnie the Pooh is timeless and unforgettable . The same qualities do n't apply to this tale of the real-life people and circumstances that inspired his creation .
Director Simon Curtis , with a script by Frank Cottrell Boyce and Simon Vaughn , delivers a moving story of the origins of something that is part of the fabric of not just our cultures but of those around the world .
Manages to avoid most of the genre trappings by telling a more focused story , a story that 's about something , rather than simply someone 's `` life story . ''
My love for Winnie-the-Pooh and his many adventures knows no limitations ; my admiration of Goodbye Christopher Robin almost equally as strong . Silly old bear , indeed .
Barely fresh . Not for kids , not terrible . Macdonald wasted .
Competently directed , capably acted and visually shimmering ... But overall , the movie is a slightly above-par attempted trophy contender .
So yes , even kid-friendly art begins in a wound , and money tarnishes everything it touches . But maybe there 's a silver lining to that little black rain cloud hovering over the honey tree ?
Family fare it ai n't , but if you 're open to its mood swings , this Goodbye has something complicated to say to the hurt children we used to be .
For those who enjoy having their pleasant childhood memories smashed , here 's Goodbye Christopher Robin ...
Goodbye proves to be an aggressive tear-jerker , a manipulative and overwrought biopic that bounces like a bipolar Tigger between an upbeat account of divine literary inspiration and a downer domestic drama .
A sugary version of what should have been a bittersweet story .
Although it has good performances , they are n't enough to correct its melodramatic deficiencies . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Like a tap that was turned on , the sadness and anger never stopped pouring out .
And poor little Tilston , who plays Billy , is stranded on screen for far too long , left to dazzle us with his range of exactly two facial expression - frozen happiness , frozen disappointment .
There 's a lot to enjoy in Simon Curtis ' film , but also some remorseful moments as well
If the Oscar went to the movie with the most tweed -LRB- and at times I think it has -RRB- , Goodbye Christopher Robin would win hands down .
`` Goodbye Christopher Robin '' works in spite of itself , because it understands what Milne 's creation meant to him and to a post-war world and to every child and parent since : a place forever innocent and forever England .
One of those films that 's as good as it needs to be , but no better .
`` Goodbye Christopher Robin '' touches something bigger than its own ambitions . It touches , in a way movies rarely do , on some essential current of life .
Everything in this too-too movie feels overfermented , off .
Rather than going for a greatest hits approach with Tigger 's attention span , the film would 've been quite magical if it had used Eeyore 's wistfulness as inspiration .
The story is enhanced by the outstanding production design in recreating the English countryside of the 1920s and fine performances by all , but especially Will Tilston as Christopher , who should be up for Oscar -LRB- R -RRB- consideration as Best Supporting Actor .
The film 's main conflict is with its source material , twisting and wringing Milne 's life for everything it 's worth and hoping enough is squeezed out to qualify as a film .
The film as a whole does not let much joy squeeze through the rigid agenda it has for chronology and preaching .
Sadness , films like Goodbye remind us , can be an appropriate response of a tender heart made for joy but confronted with a fallen and broken world .
The attachment to the Winnie the Pooh franchise holds back this film 's potential , as the true story that this movie extrapolates upon is way darker and far more fascinating .
Goodbye Christopher Robin is a maudlin and frustrating film .
Goodbye Christopher Robin lives up to its rather bittersweet title , offering both a warm look at childhood and a reminder of how easy it is to grow up too fast .
In the hands of these skillful filmmakers and a well-chosen cast , Goodbye , Christopher Robin tells a bittersweet story grounded in truth . Its handsome production may be genteel but it 's far from bland .
It must be said that the film offers a soaring conclusion . The story may get a bit lost in its own hundred-acre wood , but it finds its way home eventually .
Although a decent enough film touching on important themes , its emotional resonance falls a little short of satisfying .
In Curtis ' hands , Goodbye Christopher Robin avoids cheap sentimentality and surprisingly explores the underbelly of what instant celebrity can do to you , especially if you are a kid .
Sobering biodrama about a successful writer who learns that you ca n't always get what you want .
Poignant father/son drama deals with heavy themes .
What could have been a salute to the power of imagination to heal damaged souls and broken relationships instead opts to focus on tragic events .
Slick and well done , but ties a complicated story up in too convenient a package .
It 's the feel bad movie Winnie-the-Pooh fans have n't been waiting for !
a melancholy , ironic biopic delving into child stardom at a time when Britain latched on to that child 's Teddy to ease their post-war pain
An occasionally sentimental melodrama with a very sour aftertaste .
The movie is not at all clear about whose perspective it is giving us or what story it is trying to tell .
Goodbye Christopher Robin admittedly forgoes any subtly , going in hard on its dramatic cues , but Curtis is so lean and focused on the heart , intent and themes of the film that it builds into a captivating and truly touching experience .
It 's a wonder we got Pooh from these people .
A film about the creation of a beloved children 's icon should n't have to try this hard to make its audience feel something . And the ending is utter bollocks .
By all means surrender to its portrait of an earlier era of toxic celebrity culture , and also to the bracing nastiness of the central performances .
Exquisitely made by director Simon Curtis , Goodbye Christopher Robin is a genuinely emotional film -- one that explores deeper themes in a simple and understated manner .
... a film which delicately weaves together the threads of family , fame , and recovery .
Though `` Goodbye Christopher Robin '' has moments of delight and even profundity , and looks PBS-pretty , too often it stumbles .
It may not be as cohesive or compelling as some of Simon Curtis ' previous outings , but there 's more than enough good here to still recommend it .
Why would anyone want to watch a movie about these people ?
`` Goodbye Christopher Robin '' is an emotionally layered story about failures in parenting that gave rise to one of our most enduring joys .
Never hinting at the wit or philosophizing of the Pooh stories , the film mostly makes Milne look like an inexpressive hack .
... not so fuzzy and warm as a Finding Neverland or Saving Mr. Banks , but shows the dark side that comes with instant fame .
A stiffly depressing portrait of toffee-nosed child abuse .
Makes you think about the reality beneath the surface , unhappiness beneath cheer , trauma beneath the stiff upper lip . This feels like how Pooh really happened , bother and all .
Curtis ' steady hand , apparent in My Week With Marilyn -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , elevated that mediocre screenplay , as it does this one .
If you go down to 100 Acre Wood today you 're in for a wonderful surprise .
Sentimentality is mostly kept at arm 's reach - unlike the famous bear , the film does n't overindulge in the honey .
The brilliance of the screenplay by Frank Cottrell Boyce and Simon Vaughan is that it has real teeth .
It 's a competent and credible work , even dipping into fantasy with a couple of subtle animated moments that bring alive the enchanting illustrations featured in the Pooh books .
... skips nimbly between light and dark , war and peace , like a young boy finding his way through an English wood , albeit one drenched with shafts of sugary , Spielbergian light .
An unappealing blend of the twee and the catty , its view of the Milnes is so crabby that it throws the big tear-jerking finale out of whack . It might as well have been written by Eeyore .
The story of AA Milne and the creation of Winnie The Pooh should warm the heart and bring a tear to the eye but there are only fleeting moments when it hits the mark .
Goodbye Christopher Robin is often bathetic , but its most glaring faults lie in its extreme structural imbalance .
Simon Curtis 's film is bland to look at , handsomely but antiseptically photographed . But the story - a good one - is decently told ...
In the end , son-father bitterness is unrealistically -LRB- and inaccurately -RRB- overcome , and you 're left wishing for something more rigourous and less twee .
The film refuses to merely relax and enjoy the sunny cheerfulness of the Winnie the Pooh stories . And that 's the point : they were written to inject a smile into a hurting post-war society .
This film could have been so much better .
Shot through with profound melancholy worthy of Eeyore himself .
This is a film all about heart , feelings and love , yet includes very little of any of it .
Anyone expecting a celebration of Winnie-the-Pooh and friends will be disappointed , perhaps even mildly traumatised . But it is a tale worth telling , all the same .
-LSB- A -RSB- robust film of serious ideas and unexpected ambition .
A thoroughly middle-brow film , which attempts to explore how joy can be mined from misery , but fails to find a satisfyingly cinematic way to do so .
It 's an affecting story , competently visualised by director Simon Curtis ... And yet there 's a gnawing credibility gap ; the facts feel mangled implausibly out of shape to serve the narrative 's needs .
The film 's director , Simon Curtis , and its screenwriters , Frank Cottrell Boyce and Simon Vaughan , have made a timely and bravely unsparing cautionary tale about the poisonous effects of sudden and unwanted stardom .
Fans of Pooh and co get enough to make this an informative nostalgia fix .
The facts are an awkward fit on screen , but we 're definitely the richer for knowing them .
Goodbye Christopher Robin is a real tearjerker with plenty of very maudlin moments but what makes the film so fascinating , and ultimately so moving , is the bleakness that sits alongside the sentimentality .
While it looks enchanting , with a lush soundtrack to match , Goodbye Christopher Robin ultimately fails to get under the skin of these characters .
Never has so much dappled light fallen so gracefully on so many fallen leaves . Never has so much Harris Tweed been plucked so cleanly from so many fresh boxes .
-LSB- A -RSB- bizarrely clenched and infantilised tragedy-twee heritage drama about AA Milne 's fraught relationship with his son Christopher Robin .
This moving and eye-opening biopic reveals life was no picnic for the creators of `` the bear of very little brain '' .
There is a myriad of themes at play here , and Curtis must be commended for his fine job of balancing them all .
Once upon a time we used to tell stories ; now we just tell stories about how we used to tell stories . At least , that 's how it feels to watch a consistently milquetoast , comfortably middlebrow bit of true-life fluff like this .
A witty and touching father-son tale . And at its centre : a startling debut from Will Tilston , whose compelling performance ensures its emotional moments land successfully .
The whole thing reads as an indictment of the sort of upper class upbringing that Milne 's children 's books idealised , with only paid employees offering worthwhile parental affection .
The latest film from Simon Curtis loses a genuinely moving story in cinematic contrivances .
Goodbye Christopher Robin will make you cry - and it may just ruin your childhood forever .
It 's the chemistry between Domhnall Gleeson and newcomer Will Tilston , as the awkwardly matched father and son , that makes the movie more than a mélange of inept parenting and Tigger too .
No one 's going to accuse Goodbye Christopher Robin of subtlety or of rewriting the biopic rules , but it does dare to go darker than most films like it .
Two tips for all who see the film : Brush up on the books -LRB- and also Milne 's beloved poem `` Vespers '' -RRB- before going , in order to appreciate all the inside references , and pack your hankies . You 'll need 'em .

@highlight

Goodbye Christopher Robin struggles to balance wartime tension and childlike wonder , but offers valuable insight into the darkness shadowing the creation of a classic children 's tale .