Without descending into camp , Pattinson undercuts earnest intensity with a deft , self-conscious wit .
The sequels became increasingly silly and overwrought but the original Twilight -LRB- 2008 -RRB- is actually kind of interesting even if you are not a devotee of the fan fic-turned-bestseller series .
You 've been warned .
Unless you 're a 14-year-old girl who gets all giddy at the thought of cute boys and first love , steer clear of Thirteen director Catherine Hardwicke 's anemic adaptation .
Yes , it 's strongly geared to the teen audience , but do n't hold it against the filmmakers and go in with any preconceived notions and you 'll find it a fun opening chapter of a new franchise .
It 's not the stunts and derring-do which excite the senses as much as the quiet chemistry between Stewart and Pattinson ; that is guaranteed to get your blood up .
My hope is that the sequels are actual attempts at movies . The world does n't need any more toothless cinema .
A deeply sincere , outright goofy vampire romance for the hot-not-to-trot abstinence set .
I 've had mosquito bites that were more passionate than this undead , unrequited , and altogether unfun pseudo-romantic riff on Romeo and Juliet .
Its built-in fanbase -LRB- thanks to the best-selling novel -RRB- is ready to swoon . I 'm not one of those swooners but even I had a great time indulging in the earnest urgency .
Twilight really does have an infatuation with surface beauty , especially where the vampires are concerned . In fact they sum up the film pretty well . It 's a façade , an appealing one to people who share the right appetites , but that 's all .
Cinema.com : A densely erotic , twisted take on teen screen romance , Twilight zones out beneath the crushing weight of underage lust intensified and complicated by the excruciating abstention here of unorthodox vampire appetites .
... the film has been infused with a deliberate pace that proves instrumental in establishing -LRB- and perpetuating -RRB- the source material 's very specific atmosphere .
Romantic , smart , likable and often quite funny , without any tacked-on snarkiness or desperate hipness .
Twilight is mostly elegantly put together , though anything having to do with the pack of bad vampires is disastrous ...
It 's hard not to get sucked in -- if one can get past the sometimes hokey , melodramatic teenage dialogue .
Suggests Anne Rice slumming for a WB special
For a piece about forbidden lust/love , it 's not very tortured .
So this is what all the fuss is about ?
The genre has certainly come a long way from I Was a Teenage Werewolf .
A densely erotic , twisted take on teen screen romance and underage rebel lust . And while not exactly the sexually suggestive The Man Who Came For Dinner , Twilight zones out on a defiant inter-species dating fantasy , Close Encounters Of The Thirst Kind .
Twilight is pure fantasy , emphasis on the pure ... it 's a soft-focus reverie for girls who want to be Disney princesses and have their bad boys , too , as long as the bad boys are models of tormented self-restraint .
As lovers , these two are not convincing . They do n't produce enough of a spark to set off gasoline vapor .
This movie will end up being the first kiss for countless twelve-year old boys , but most of them wo n't look back on the film itself as anything special , which is sad .
Una película mediocre para una novela mediocre .
Bella , a fairly unlikable young woman with a glum expression , has `` put a smell '' on Edward , a ruby red-lipped Nosferatu . It 's a tedious stare-down . Bring a thermos of espresso . And an alarm clock .
I 'm glad it was n't that bad .
Twilight is a must see and a must for a sequel . Can anyone say New Moon 2010 ?
Hardwicke runs into trouble when it comes to actual business of the undead .
Dumbest vampire movie ... ever .
Vampires and romance are nothing new , but Twilight gives them enough of a twist to make it interesting and the film delivers enough on that twist to make it far better than its outlying plot makes it sound .
I watched Twilight in a cinema full of young girls who , when they were n't texting friends and guzzling soft drinks , giggled , sighed and exhaled with a passion that was not only endearing , but a measure of its emotional truth .
A sometimes girlie swirl of obsession that will delight fans , this faithful adaptation is after teenage blood , and will most likely hit a box office artery .
If you 're a fan of the book , I 'm so sorry .
In a film of this kind a great deal depends on the chemistry between the lead actors , and here Twilight falls especially short .
It 's actually very well done , is n't it ?
Some will find it all too polite , but compared to rival blockbuster exercises in explosive CGI mayhem , its character-based index of longing and protectiveness at least provides a viable alternative moodscape .
Not quite the solid grounding a major new franchise needs , but a stylish and enjoyable supernatural emo romance .
The two hormonal teenagers sizzle like sausages in a frying pan . The supernatural stunts do n't disappoint . Neither does the deadpan wit .
It is , in its unworldly way , sweetly idealistic with a charm all of its own : a teen romance to get your teeth into .
Minor grumbles aside , it 's a success , albeit one that will doubtless have parents and boyfriends inwardly groaning at the prospect of being coerced into watching it .
We 've never read the books , we 're not a 13-year old girl , and yet we actually quite enjoyed it ...
Grey on the surface but florid underneath , this swoony supernatural romance may amuse and bemuse non-initiates but wo n't leave the faithful betrayed . The $ 70m opening Stateside will create plenty of sequel opportunities to fix the flaws .
Director Catherine Hardwicke -LRB- who made Thirteen -RRB- captures perfectly the breathless thrill , fear and fascination of first love .
It is not all top-notch stuff though . Some of the special effects are plain ropey but luckily the teen romance carries the movie . Naturally room is left at the end for the impending sequel . Something we 're sure to get our teeth into ...
A superior high school romance , which looks set to live on after the sun has set on Hogwarts .
This is sexual-Gothic tripe of a high order . I am looking forward to the second instalment .
It gets a little silly , at times , particularly in the special-effects department , but Stewart and Pattinson are a quite mesmerising pair , and their twitchy , sidelong glances play out a duet of unspoken yearning that might just get under your skin .
Horror fans will find little to sink their teeth into , but it 'll get tweenage hearts fluttering like orgasmic bats .
Twilight , a fantasy romance involving a self-loathing vampire and his sweet-blooded soul mate , is the kind of movie that gets pop culture addicts excited . Surrender to its daftness and you 'll emerge covered in something very like a cold sweat .
Destined to be a massive hit with its target audience of teenage girls , Twilight nails its central romance and remains an enjoyably watchable thriller , despite the odd bit of dodgy dialogue and some amusingly rubbish special effects .
If you do n't think someone can appreciate this first of many installments unless they have read the books , let it be said one time : Bite me .
Ao que parece , Bella nunca ouviu falar de Betty Friedan ou mesmo de Simone de Beauvoir . Mas , pensando bem , talvez isto seja apropriado , já que as adolescentes que gritam histericamente ao ver Robert Pattison também não .
The essential darkish tone of the movie does n't entirely cramp out the standard razzle-dazzle of a US high school while its sharp , cool references customise it for lucrative teen hook-ups .
I succumbed to the palpable chemistry between the leads , and remembered my own girlish fantasies with something of a head-spinning rush .
The film 's main problems stem from its uneven efforts to marry purple passion with black comedy .
No , it 's not as bad as you think . It 's actually worse .
The film progresses in a manner that 's more comatose than undead .
A work of surprising precision and restraint from talented filmmaker Catherine Hardwicke .
You do n't have to be a teenage girl to know Robert Pattinson is the sexiest heartthrob to emerge on screen since J.D. jumped on Thelma 's bed .
It 's easy to understand how Twilight has become a phenomenon . Superb treatment of Stephenie Meyer 's best seller and two compelling lead performances make this Romeo and Juliet vampire saga into an utterly bewitching film
Cinematically , it 's all over the place , -LSB- but -RSB- the best thing about this movie -LSB- is -RSB- the relationships and the characters -LSB- are taken seriously -RSB- .
While better than what is shown in the previews , was this really supposed to look like the pilot for an upcoming show on The CW network ?
Basically Rebel Without a Cause with fangs -- except no one in it is nearly as talented as James Dean or Natalie Wood was .
Is there something darker : an unhealthy fascination with unwholesome relationships and bad boys , perhaps mixed with a Nightingale/Stockholm-syndrome desire to `` save '' them ?
The chemistry between Stewart and Pattinson provides the proper amount of smoldering desire ...
Mix 150-proof Victorian romance with some HP -LRB- Harry Potter -RRB- sauce , add a dash of Munsters humour ... . The heroine becomes obsessed with surrender and submission to a man constantly tempted to kill her . That 's one sucked-up subtext .
The film adaptation of Twilight is n't nearly as bad in its own medium as the source material was , though it 's still quite a chore to endure .
Like Bella and Edward 's love , the movie offers a lot of buildup and not much resolution .
Hardwicke understands her teen protagonists , and rather than speak down to them -LRB- and , by extension , to the film 's youthful viewers -RRB- , she allows their angst-filled behavior to register as the most important thing in the world .
In the final act , an undercooked thriller plot threatens to take over , but is held in check to offer a more resonant kick
If Lord Byron had been the love child of James Van Der Beek and Jack Elam and shopped at Hot Topic , he 'd have looked a lot like Edward .
Twilight sparkles for its intended audience of indiscriminate adolescent females . However , it will only be deemed as a softened , hackneyed horror show of synthetic affection for the rest of us .
There 's not a single bit of characterization here beyond what the human props were supposed to do on screen ...
Teens will go crazy over this film about star crossed lovers trying to bridge the gap between humans and vampires
Twilight is not Bram Stoker 's Dracula ... because , ew , who 'd want a hottie who weakens or combusts in sunlight when he could just , well , sparkle instead ?
Teen fans will love faithful -- if uneven -- adaptation .
I think this film is definitely a victim of it 's own expectations .
Unfortunately , it just did n't work .
A darn good hunk of pop moviemaking .
Twilight , the first movie adapted from Stephenie Meyer 's series of best-selling teen novels , is going to be a big hit with young girls , and deservedly so -- the picture delivers .
I do n't know about you , but when I was in high school `` undead '' was what I was lucky to be every day .
Twilight the movie is cautious , a sort of Tiger Beat-ified Twin Peaks . In its undercooked way , though , it 's enjoyable .
With its fascinating combination of forbidden love and a seductive vampire theme , ` Twilight '' may be the beginning of a very successful film franchise .
Twilight does that thing all great love stories do . It speaks to the heart .
Supporters may argue that future installments bring more depth , but soup this thin rarely improves with age .
The biggest problem with the movie is the way Edward looks . It 's hard to take him seriously when he resembles like an emo-Eddie Munster .
A gentle , sincere and appealing vampire film .
I had all sorts of jokes for the Twilight movie , most of them bad and centering on whether or not the impotent , permanently stuck , 17 year old Vampires were Priests . The movie lacks any real bite , but it does give us a nibble .
The door is left open for a second installment . Okay , I 'll bite .
Surely someone in power must 've seen Twilight for the hackneyed and blatant attempt to cash in on the devotion of a diehard following it is and said , ` Boy this is awful , but it does n't really matter cos it 's gon na make bank . '
Sloppy , overheated , sometimes involving , ultimately shallow . Read the book -- skip the movie .
It would appear that in addition to robbing his brood of their need for blood , Carlisle also removed their balls .
It 's a well-made but thematically flawed film based on a book that was ingenious in conceit but generically written . The strengths of one are the flaws of the other , and vice versa .
Twilight is silly and melodramatic and hard to dislike in much the same way as its target audience , with a distinctly teenage sense of tragedy .
He 's a 100ish-year-old albino who likes classical music and deer blood . She 's a quiet teen from a broken home who likes sweaters , ballet and alone time . Together , they make movie romance and suspense all at once !
A hackneyed jumble of cuts and pastes from the book , blended with second-rate music video bits and third-rate visual effects , and finally undone by the fatal casting of Kristen Stewart as Bella .
I think Edward Cullen has Asperger 's syndrome ... Bella should totally go for Jacob instead , but then he could do way better with any of the townies ... Edward looks lame ripping trees out of the ground and jumping around the forest like Tom Cruise on Oprah
Within ten years or so , this film -LRB- and its inevitable sequels -RRB- will look as outdated and ridiculous as the old Beach Party movies , but that should n't stop us from sitting back and enjoying the camp with a quiet chuckle .
I 'm glad I saw Twilight for one reason : It made the phrase jump the shark obsolete , to be potentially replaced with The vampires are playing baseball .
It -LSB- the book -RSB- bored me to tears and sucked the life out of my summer vacation . The movie is much better and gets an above average rating only because it is days shorter .
Too much angst and not enough monsters . In short , I like a bit more vampire in my vampire stories .
Is it worth seeing ? Is it any good ? Does it matter what 's written or said ? The answer is no to all , but it certainly leaves room for improvement .
Twilight is the Diet Coke of vampire movies , but central to the film 's success is that you believe in the love between Edward and Bella .
Not that Twilight 's fate hangs on intelligibility . It hangs on fangs that are n't bared , and on a bloodlust that is n't indulged .
Twilight is packed with wry , understated humor , and Hardwicke gets lively , authentic performances from her young cast .
Twilight works as both love story and vampire story , thanks mainly to the performances of its principals .
... It 's a fleeting reminder of how much dumb fun is missing from this oddly neutered neo-horror movie , and how little is being offered in its place . In `` Twilight , '' the only characters drained dry are the vampires themselves .
Thanks to Pattinson 's furrowed eyebrows , crooked smiles and carefully crafted hairstyles , he delivers just the Edward we 've been waiting for .
Twilight is , by its very nature , all about unfinished business , the story of a brooding , caring romantic hero and the woman who can not -- although she wants to -- yield to him . Only his eyes penetrate her . For now , that 's enough .
From the sometimes-silly glower-fest known as Twilight , Robert Pattinson emerges a movie star .
My advice : Focus on Pattinson and Stewart . They make you understand why the books sold 17 million copies .
It 's just not that fun to be undead anymore .
Combines the plot of HBO 's True Blood with the intensity level of Saved by the Bell .
Screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg does a decent job adapting the first book in Meyer 's series , and despite a tendency toward cheesy effects , Hardwicke keeps things moving swiftly .
Teenage girls are going to love Twilight , and many are sure to see it more than once . Hang on to those earplugs : This time next year , you 'll need them again .
Hardwicke , with an emphasis on extreme close-ups , captures that swoony intensity , and Pattinson and Stewart have an undeniable intense chemistry . For fans , that 'll be enough . Newcomers need not apply .
Hardwicke insists on toning the film blue in a way that makes the magnificent scenery of the Pacific Northwest seem dreary .
OMG -- I 'm so totally not a teenage girl .
Gothic wooziness stifles many of Hardwicke 's lighter impulses , such as her knack for jiving humor in scenes among friends and family . And some of the more cartoonishly gymnastic CG stunts look plain silly .
Sometimes sensitive and often silly .
As for the anxious fangirls , there 's no way they 'll be disappointed .
Finally , a chick flick with some bite to it .
... The movie is mostly a snoozer with Bella and Edward spending a lot of time merely exchanging glances or staring longingly at each other .
The audience is left with just a whole lot of pretty and not enough soul . Not entirely a bad thing , but you can get that fix by thumbing through an Abercrombie & Fitch catalogue .
Catherine Hardwicke 's choppy direction plays all this much too seriously . The film lacks the clarity and cleverness that might have ameliorated the campier moments .
This adaptation of the best-selling novel by Stephenie Meyer never rises above the level of a teen soaper on the CW .
Pattison grows on us as he grows on Bella : His weird mannerisms and nervous delivery stop seeming like quirks and acquire an intensity that 's hard to resist by the end .
The High School Musical of vampire films .
It looks like there will be three more chances for them to get it right . Let 's hope they can sink their teeth into the sequels . That way , the non-readers can understand what all the fuss is about .
And in this world , vampires have no fangs , they do n't sleep and they ... well , they sparkle in the sun . Sigh . Glittery vampires . Pretty sparkly ones that do n't have fangs .
Those willing to consider a vampire-based teen romance should find this one suitable , if not everything they dreamed it would be .
How can a teen romantic fantasy not be at least some fun when the leading man 's lipstick is several shades redder than that of the ingénue ?
Pitched squarely down the middle at its target tween-age audience , Twilight is sure to be an enormous box-office success . But that does n't change the fact that this vampire romance is a lumbering bore .
Hardwicke has shrewdly made a film that will appeal to the audience that could make or break it . But there 's little here to win over those of us without dog-eared copies of Twilight under our beds .
Such benign vampire behavior is a stretch , but Twilight gets away with its revisionism , creating something new and , of course , romantic .
Though the film lacks the humor of , say , `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' as well as the sheer adrenaline of something like Near Dark -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , it has a definite appeal of its own .
Twilight is the ideal vampire movie for teen girls -- and nobody else .
For those of you who are intrigued by the story and older than thirteen , I recommend you check out LET THE RIGHT ONE IN which is drenched in subtlety and nuance . There is none to be found in TWILIGHT .
When Edward gets his first close look at Bella in biology class , he covers his mouth with his hand -- the vampire equivalent of an excited adolescent hiding his lap with a schoolbook in a ` Porky 's ' film .
Fantasy rules in Twilight , fantasy simultaneously delicate and ravishing , chaste and utterly bloody .
This lion did n't fall in love with the lamb , but she 's not about to eat it alive either .
Director Hardwicke obviously believes that romantic chemistry is composed of nothing more than two hours worth of smoldering glances .
I know it 's expected to be a huge blockbuster and all , but it 's been quite some time since I 've seen a would-be blockbuster so resolutely try to sabotage itself .
Part of the appeal of the story is an almost-Victorian sense of repression , sacrifice , and longing , so sincerely depicted it just might single-handedly bring back the swoon .
Youth-targeted , seductively supernatural and unevenly paced - with all the big-buzz blood lust , the shiver may seem a trifle anemic .
Stewart is a fine , talented actress , and she ups the ante considerably here ; her strong performance makes of Twilight a far better film than it would have been with a lesser actress in the part .
If the story itself is a cliché , Pattinson and Stewart invest a touching sincerity in their characters
WHAT WAS THAT ??? That ` thunk ' you just heard was n't a shift of the earth 's core . No , it was jillions of women , younger and older , swooning over the movie ` Twilight . '
Dark Shadows at Degrassi Jr. . High , but with half the budget of either of those two shows .
These are n't vampires . These are fairies .
I can only hope that this precious tome has been unmercifully butchered in its trip from the page to the screen because if it actually is faithful , then what that says about the collective taste of its rabid fan base is too depressing to contemplate
As a fan of books one through three in the Twilight series , I came in with certain expectations . Were they met ? Yes , for the most part .
There are certain things we 've come to expect from vampire movies . They are either violent or sexy , or both . Twilight is neither .
Unlike the `` Harry Potter '' series ... the `` Twilight '' series appears to be in capable hands right off the bat .
The actors are the exact opposite of what they should be : two teens in heat .
Pattinson might have the dreamy eyes and tousled hair all of the young ladies will be swooning over , but he ca n't act .
It 's like an actual grownup movie , all serious and important . Like you can tell how beautiful the vampires are supposed to be because everything gets slow and sparkly when they walk by -- and I mean even when they 're not in sunlight LOL !
Twilight really is strictly for fans of the book - while not terrible , it 's far from great .
Having never read the novel and not necessarily being in the demographic for this film , I must say that I was BLOWN AWAY by how intense and powerful it really was .
As a romance , Twilight is just subpar -- a more celibate , moodier take on Dawson 's Creek or 90210 . As a vampire story , it 's a disaster .
While there are some great touches , I do n't think the film does much for the uninitiated or adults . Boys will really only like the big fight at the end % u2014if they 're still awake .
Parental Content Review
one of 2008 's most crass commercial statements .
-LSB- Hardwicke 's -RSB- earnest , moody approach to Stephenie Meyer 's tremendously popular novel may be just the thing for the 14-year-old girl in all of us .
In terms of bringing the book to life , Twilight is a complete success , so much so that most of the film 's flaws work within the context of the story .
Hardwicke knows her audience and , like her other films , Twilight is made in their image and told in their language .
Twilight works best when it ignores the superficial thrills of special effects and set pieces and chooses to examine the eminently sexier landscape of the characters ' emotions .
While this romanticized horror/fantasy tale is not exactly a classic redefining of the vampire mythology , it 's not awful . In fact , it 's better than the trailers suggest .
On balance , Twilight is an acceptable introduction to what is certain to be a profitable and long-running series , during which we might get the answers to looming questions .
So bad that you might expect it 's intended as a campy send-up of its source ... the worst-case scenario is that it 's a truly faithful reflection of the quality of the novel .
While the movie attempts to find an compelling middle ground between gothic supernaturalism and teenage romance , it usually winds up stumbling into the inane territory implied by both descriptions .
Holds an archaic , pre-feminist mentality far more disturbing than any of its tame horror elements can boast .
This entire adaptation was carried through by -LSB- the -RSB- wonderful Catherine Hardwicke , who took a shiny little turd and transformed it into a watchable , slightly enjoyable film .
Twilight is often a lot of fun to watch -- the atmosphere of wet green trees and subtle danger , the gothic breathiness of doomed romance , the way all the vampires have better hair than anyone else -- and seems to give its intended audience what it wants .
On television critics might have hailed Twilight as one of the best things on TV . As a movie it 's merely not terrible .
However deafening the hype , I found Twilight to be a rotten movie , yet the blame for the failure of this tween sleeping pill does n't completely point toward Meyer 's imagination , but Hardwicke 's thundering screen cluelessness instead .
Meyer is said to have been involved in the production of Twilight , but her novel was substantially more absorbing than the unintentionally funny and quickly forgettable film .
Amazingly , it feels real -- the actors pull it off .
The longer the revelations drag out , the duller Twilight gets . And the revelations drag on a long time - three quarters of the movie .
An intoxicating blend of breathy romance and mild horror which will be must-see viewing for teenage girls .
If its muscles are flexed , we can expect three more of these movies . Hopefully , like the Harry Potter films , they 'll get better as they go along .
A tantalizing movie about being swept away by fervent desire , ecstatic love , and an aching of the heart in the presence of a beloved .
With its vapor-thin plot and goofy gimmicks -LRB- game of vampire baseball , anyone ? -RRB- , Twilight seems best left to its impressionable teenage fans .
It rekindles the warmth of great Hollywood romances , where foreplay was the climax and a kiss was never just a kiss .
As a parable for the dark side of female desire , it 's weirdly powerful .
Stewart , in particular , delivers her lines as if simultaneously confused and half asleep . At least Pattinson gives emoting a shot but in the end he does n't fare much better either .
Stewart does a wonderful job of grounding Bella , making her actions seem understandable , maybe even unavoidable .
Twilight will doubtless thrill fans of the books , who have long waited for its release . And while it 's not a failure , everyone else will wish that the film had , if you 'll excuse the expression , a little more bite .
The anchor of Twilight is the nuanced , understated performance of Kristen Stewart .
Essentially , a CW take on Anne Rice , catering to the gooey-eyed fans of Meyer 's novels and their unrealistic romantic expectations .
Put simply , it lacks fangs .
Twilight is a self-selecting movie if there ever was one . Those who want to see it , will see it and love it . Others are warned away .
Your move , Anne Rice !
Fans at the screening I attended tittered throughout , perhaps finding the story 's overwhelming cheesiness harder to take when seeing it enacted before their eyes .
Forget the hand-holding tweens in the audience - Twilight itself could use a chaperone .
Hardwicke stirs this teen pulp to a pleasing simmer .
It 's a disappointment for sure .
If there is one saving grace to the film it is the performance of Pattinson .
There 's a playfulness that seems just so right in Catherine Hardwicke 's Twilight .
Invest any spare cash you have in companies that deal in hair gel . I have a feeling this film is going to be huge .
Director Catherine Hardwick leads her young cast through the story 's soap opera elements with honest respect for the material .
Low-key is not the adjective you 'd expect to describe a highly anticipated vampire movie , but there it is .
There 's nothing transporting about the visuals . Twilight was a famously low-budget production compared to most traditional blockbusters , but this is ridiculous .
The term ` meh ' was added to the dictionary this week , and just in time .
The movie version gives really good swoon .
Artistically , the film is mediocre , but you do n't have to be a pyschologist to realize that the appeal of vampire tales is erotic -LRB- sexual yearning , forbidden love -RRB- , and on this level it will titillate young femmes .
The movie was directed by Catherine Hardwicke . She uses her great discovery , Nikki Reed , in the role of the beautiful Rosalie Hale . Reed wrote Hardwick 's Thirteen when she was only 14 . That was a movie that knew a lot more about teenage girls .
A disappointingly anemic tale of forbidden love that should satiate the pre-converted but will bewilder and underwhelm viewers who have n't devoured Stephenie Meyer 's bestselling juvie chick-lit franchise .
An underwhelming vampire romance long on camp but short on emotional insight .

@highlight

Having lost much of its bite transitioning to the big screen , Twilight will please its devoted fans , but do little for the uninitiated .