In some ways it 's a film condemning capitalism at large , in others it seems to point a heavy finger towards expectant women as the catalyst for crime , which is kinda gross .
Webb gets good performances from everyone , particularly Evans , suggesting an acting life for him beyond Captain America .
It was too much for me , even to the point of grating , but I must give young Miss Grace her due : She delivers some excellent ugly crying .
Gifted does n't shake up the genre , but it 's very well-acted and endearing . Sometimes that makes a movie special enough .
It makes a compelling case for families , especially those that we consciously build , filling in the blanks that fate or happenstance have left behind . And it succeeds thanks to its very gifted young star .
Heartfelt , and easy to love .
In the final analysis I would say that there are few enough truly gifted students that society can well afford to cultivate these few .
The well-developed conflict over how to educate a gifted seven-year-old plus a great performance by an eleven-year-old elevate this family drama .
The Hollywood ending is n't believable , but I do n't mind that , as long as the film is entertaining , and this one certainly is . I laughed a lot during the course of this film , and I liked the way it ended , too . Sure , this is escapism , but I needed it .
If you have no desire to watch Vin Diesel drive a car this weekend -LRB- guilty ! -RRB- , I recommend you give `` Gifted '' a try . You wo n't be disappointed .
Melodramatic weepies are n't inherently bad , but no one acts like a real person in Gifted , so the drama falls flat .
Gifted is one of those rare films with a screenplay that 's been polished till it shines . We all know that people do n't talk like this in real life but , thankfully , it has an absolutely top-notch cast who delightfully convince us that they do .
The heartwarming moments between Frank and Mary that pulls the ultimate heartstrings .
-LSB- A -RSB- sweet-natured , button-pushing custody drama ... Warm , life-affirming and mounted on a small scale .
Gifted , under more traditional studio care , could have easily remained a sentimental tearjerker . But I would beg audiences to follow director Webb and screenwriter Flynn beneath the surface trappings .
What elevates the movie far above the standard courtroom drama is the tender relationship between Frank -LSB- Chris Evans -RSB- and little Mary -LSB- Mckenna Grace -RSB- .
The performances are better than the material , with Evans movie-star stoic while Octavia Spencer makes the most of an underwritten role as Frank 's landlord and Mary 's devoted karaoke pal .
The `` gift '' of this film is to know how to reach the heart of the viewer , predictable but effective . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's good to see -LSB- Marc Webb -RSB- back working on more intimate material , even though Gifted is n't entirely satisfactory .
Makes no attempt to hide its efforts to tug at your heartstrings , but memorable performances and a refreshing perspective ensure that it 's a winner nonetheless .
Gifted is not your run-of-the-mill melodrama . More like an exceptional melodrama . It still plays the violin , if you get what I mean , but the violinist is skilful .
It is all too rare that an experienced actor and a relative newcomer remain ` on the same page ' so closely and effectively .
Gifted 's two leads make great travelling companions .
The story may play out by the numbers , but thanks to a superb cast -LRB- and astute direction by The Amazing Spiderman 's Marc Webb -RRB- , Gifted is a welcome package : entertaining , engaging , sweetly funny and moving .
Gifted depends on the skill of Mckenna Grace to perform as the little math genius with sass . She and the film succeed admirably .
Gifted is n't complex or subtle .
Despite the fact that -LSB- Chris -RSB- Evans , -LSB- Jenny -RSB- Slate , -LSB- Mckenna -RSB- Grace , and the one-eyed cat are all so charming and watchable that you almost forget how much math is on-screen , Gifted is the kind of movie most people will never hear about .
It becomes interesting at times , although it does n't reach any great depth , but in its simplicity shows few pretensions . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The end of this family drama with everything and judgment with painful statements about the past , you can imagine , there is nothing surprising . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It may not be a. . . well , exceptional movie , but it definitely does its job . It 's refreshing to see a simple , relatively small , but intellectually and emotionally stimulating film in theatres . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It will not be the best film of the year , bu it makes you laugh by showing empathic situations that make it a pleasant story and keep up with it and maybe even make you cry too if you let it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It works as a small and successful anomaly in an enclave where many films have failed in the most awful way . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film is seen with relative interest because of the implausibility of the bases of the argument : it wants to keep your attention with unconvincing unknowns . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A family drama trapped in the laws that govern the genre and gains when it moves away from the conventional melodrama and opts to show the sweet relationship of its protagonists . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's more than a film made for television , although its format and the choice of certain framings resemble it , is careful with the approach and has good performances . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This familiar melodrama and light romance cocktail gives the feeling of being a predictable tv film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gifted gives glorified TV movies a better name .
A striking exploration of the tricky connections between parents and children and the importance of makeshift families . And it 's so sharply played that it ca n't help but move us .
A story that transcends certain schematics and hangs between light comedy and tearful drama with dexterity and sensitivity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gifted is too paint-by-numbers to be brilliant but it makes for an enjoyable watch even though it often goes for the low ground to make an emotional impact .
Mckenna Grace is luminous , and Chris Evans -LRB- of Captain America fame -RRB- portrays a loving and self-sacrificing father figure -- an ordinary superhero .
Though featuring great performances and an undeniable warmth , Gifted 's best moments are overshadowed by its cynically tear-jerking formula .
When all is said and done , Gifted shows enough spirit to avoid all-out mawkishness .
It 's Good Will Hunting meets Bratz , and it rocks along with humour and vitality .
Emotional manipulation gets a bad press . But , hey , sometimes being milked for tears is fun .
Webb has uncovered a real gifted child in McKenna Grace , who is touching , charming and refreshingly unaffected as the reluctant little genius .
There 's enough believable chemistry between Evans and Grace for it all to work .
Gentle it may be , even slightly clichéd in its storytelling , but I enjoyed Gifted , a nicely written treatise on the mixed blessing of being a childhood prodigy .
The clever trick of Gifted is that the genius in question is too young to have any idea of the problems she may face .
Films that are so good in so many ways do not come around very often .
It disappointingly gets tangled up in plot contrivances , and the real issue of gifted children is just a gooey fantasy .
Not a mindblower , but an enjoyable watch .
A touching drama that transcends its icky premise .
The lead performances are charming enough and there 's decent support from Jenny Slate as a teacher who falls for Evans , who 's known around town as the `` local damaged hot guy '' .
Evans is likeable and engaging . Happily , the same can be said about the film as a whole .
Grace 's hugely impressive performance deserves to be seen .
A glossy , tearjerking family melodrama that marks a welcome change of pace for Captain America 's Chris Evans .
Evans 's dependable charisma and Grace 's defiant odd-duck quality just about keep the basic story afloat , but only just .
Here it is . The future of mainstream Hollywood cinema . A place where not only do comic book blockbusters and superhero movies dominate the children 's film category , but they inevitably bleed into , and infect , `` grown-up '' cinema too .
A warm and fuzzy afternoon is guaranteed .
A tug of love comedy-drama about a likeable uncle trying to retain custody of his maths genius niece , this unashamedly treads a clichéd path but somehow endears in spite of its over-familiarity .
This is a benign and good natured film . Even at the most oppressive moments , there will always be a wisecrack . The smart ass humour here is crucial . Without it , the film would have risked seeming too dry and too maudlin by turns .
Gifted goes over some familiar ground , but it does so with a lightness of touch , and the big emotional moments land well thanks to some excellent casting .
You 'll need a tissue , not a calculator , for the tender-hearted finale .
As solid and watchable as Evans is , it 's not enough to lift Gifted above movie-of-the-week territory .
A warm and heartfelt story that will be perfect for a quiet afternoon at the pictures .
Warm and heartfelt performances from the two principals are undercut by a formula that too readily reveals the outcome . Interesting workings fail to fully add up . Must do better next term .
Gifted is an ok movie , especially for those who enjoy family drama , and have no problem with letting a tear drop in the movie theater . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The recurring question of what is really best for a remarkable child like Mary , and who is in a position to even begin to answer that question , is one that will stick with you after the credits roll .
It 's predictable but pleasurable enough - an inoffensive charmer that does n't outstay its welcome .
... a heartfelt but manipulative tearjerker that never digs into the various moral dilemmas at its core with much sincerity or authenticity .
A strong plot mixed with dynamic acting added to innovative directing equals a gift of a movie . Mckenna Grace is adorable .
Functions reasonably well as an ankle-deep melodrama until its third act , when characters are thrown into the gears of the plot machine .
Essentially a watered-down version of Searching for Bobby Fischer , Gifted is earnest but phony .
Drama about an uncle 's love and caretaking for his niece who is a young math prodigy .
It 's ultimately difficult to label Gifted as anything more than a disappointingly generic drama that would , stripped of its leading man , feel perfectly at home on Lifetime ...
Gifted may not have anything particularly enlightening to say about raising a precocious child , but as a tear jerker/crowd pleaser , it more than gets the job done .
Webb and screenwriter Tom Flynn try to retain softness and intimacy , but they do n't know when to quit , making the endeavor feel overly fluffy .
Honest approach elevates `` Gifted . ''
What good is immortality as a math megamind if you ca n't snuggle with your one-eyed cat -- or frolic on the playground -- with your friends today ?
-LSB- Director Marc -RSB- Webb knows how to let a joke land lightly and how to draw out an emotional moment .
Perceptively subtle and satisfying , it packs an emotional punch .
Gifted is out to make you laugh , make you cry , make you root for the good guys and boo the bad guys . Mission accomplished .
Gifted won me over , body and soul , and the only thing I wanted to do when it came to an end was to find a way to watch it again right that very second .
Kids can make or break movies , and McKenzie Grace really is seriously ` Gifted . ' Chris Evans certainly flashes some low-key star power as well .
Apparently there 's something about seeing a first-grader stride to a blackboard and solve an Einstein-level math equation that is irresistibly appealing .
The central question of Gifted is handled without much nuance , and while the film pulls on heartstrings , the clumsy storytelling lacks impact .
How can you resist a movie whose adorably toothless 10-year-old protagonist and her one-eyed cat are both threatened with abandonment ? Well , you can . But not likely with Gifted .
If you 're in the mood for a tearjerker starring a group of appealing actors , Gifted may do it for you . God knows it 's harmless . But if you expect more from a film than formula , look elsewhere .
Gifted is the moving and resonant story of a brilliant child trapped in a custody battle between two relatives .
Gifted has a strong cast and an interesting premise but unfortunately you do n't have to be a genius to find holes in this plot .
We 've all seen this it-means-well movie before , and Gifted does have a pretty high sweetness factor , but if nothing else , it 's an introduction to a young new talent to watch for -- if not an example of Evans as being able to broaden his path .
The movie is blessed with a solid cast , particularly Evans in the lead as a single man who has sacrificed much to do right by his niece . Grace is a scene-stealer , smart and savvy , and possibly the most natural performer her age since Tatum O'Neal .
As scripted , Evelyn is too vicious to be persuasive , and Flynn undercuts her morally by stressing her lust for recognition .
The filmmakers set this all up beautifully , which only makes it more disappointing when the second half of the movie degenerates into cheesy courtroom theatrics and soap-bubbly melodrama .
It 's a sentimental story not often seen in today 's big-budget Hollywood . And though unlikely to reach monumental numbers like its child star , Gifted happily succeeds at being a small , family-friendly one .
I had low expectations for Gifted . It had all the hallmarks of a sappy , cutesy , third-rate tear-fest . I 've rarely been so happily wrong .
Gifted is a charming , deeply human film , so much so that complaining about its often well-trod plot points strikes me as downright curmudgeonly .
Sure , it 's a simple , straightforward film , but sometimes that 's all you need as long as its heart is true .
Evans is handsome and charming , Grace is precocious -LRB- sometimes annoyingly so -RRB- and cute , and the courtroom scenes are full of earnest grandstanding .
Funny , Charming , Eye-opening
Picture Kramer vs. Kramer stripped of its turbulent emotions and cutting performances and you 'll have a good idea of what it 's like to suffer through this bland , tear-soaked train wreck .
A formulaic and manipulative tearjerker that is really nothing more than a woman 's picture from a man 's point of view .
Overall , from strong acting to a well-crafted script , everything adds up to make Gifted work .
Gifted is melodramatic from start to finish , full of stereotypical characters , stock situations , and ridiculous plot twists .
` Gifted ' is a sweet , charming bit of storytelling that has something to say and says it well .
In the midst of turbulent times and fast and furious movies , the genial and good-hearted `` Gifted '' feels like a bit of a vacation at the theater .
Right on the cusp of being too cute for its own good , but Chris Evans and Jenny Slate put it over .
It 's these particular characters , with their specific emotional make-up and personality - not to mention Fred , the fat monocular tabby -- that make Gifted all the more rewarding .
`` Gifted '' is an engaging comedy-drama that avoids becoming too much of a tearjerker .
Evans and company inject a dose of charm that saves Gifted from its formulaic underpinnings . The results are enjoyable and , when it matters most , emotionally rewarding .
It 's entertaining , it 's quite moving in a few spots , but unlike the central character , it 's not as exceptional as it could be .
The film 's heroine is extraordinarily gifted . The film itself , not so much .
It 's a feel-good film that honestly feels good , and even when it rings a bit hollow , it does n't stay that way for long .
The question at the movie 's heart is : What is best for Mary ? The answer Gifted chooses is predictable , but that does n't stop the movie from messing with your tear ducts .
... the subtlety and beauty of these fleeting moments are lost amid the heavy plot and the by-the-book and underwhelming way the film goes about everything .
A great cast - Evans , Grace , Spencer , Slate and Duncan - elevates middling material .
This fantastic family drama is so alive with humor , spiked with human hurt , and glowing with charm that it 's impossible to fault it for the occasional overzealousness .
Unfortunately , Gifted 's cutesy classroom scenes are not quite up to the task of digging into how Mary fits in with her classmates , and the film quickly gives way to increasingly caricatured depictions ...
Charming but predictable family drama has heavy themes .
`` Gifted '' is often so divorced from genuine human emotions that it never feels less than phony .
A tearjerker that 's not without its charms .
It 's not a genius revamp of the formula , nor is it profound enough to become a classic of its small subgenre . But for those drawn in by its blandly charming premise , it 's safe to say you 'll find quite a bit to like in Gifted .
Strong performances overcome this cliche-ridden drama for a truly emotional and rewarding experience .
A good-hearted entertainment that manages its plot curveballs , and everything else , with a show of compassion .
While it 's nice to see Evans once again in a part that does n't involve a superhero shield , it 's young Grace who steals the show . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
One supposes Nicholas Sparks will eventually get around to making his Kramer vs. Kramer or Little Man Tate , but until that happens , we 'll have to make do with Gifted .
Focusing on making intelligence less scary could go a long way towards showing you can be both smart and compassionate .
The story has a few dubious turns and cliched bits , to be sure , but it all hangs together because the characters are fully three dimensional .
It 's the spirited , warm-hearted performance by future star McKenna Grace that will leave viewers with a smile on their faces .
Evans ' sensitive , deeply affecting performance and genuine chemistry with McKenna Grace as his brilliant niece are so honest that it captivates us .
Movies like Gifted often drift into a quagmire of manipulation and over-the-top histrionics . For the most part , however , Webb avoids this path .
Gifted is saddest when we realize , as it takes grueling and meandering scenic routes through tearjerker clichés , the pregnant potential for this to be a sharp family dramedy .
Gifted means well , but like little Mary , you may end up feeling smarter by half than what you 're watching .
In its quieter moments , the movie shows what it could have been .
The sensitive performances here deserved a better vehicle .
Webb takes a well-crafted script by Tom Flynn and raises it up , spinning a tale so filled with wit , poignancy and authenticity that when the emotional sparks do fly , the audience is ready ...
A wonderful and touching family film in which Chris Evans shows what a super hero really is . He 's terrific and so is the whole cast including a genuine new find by the name of McKenna Grace .
Gifted finds a collective of competent people making a perfectly competent movie -- nothing more , nothing less .
Gifted is n't the best or most sophisticated or most original film of the year so far - but it just might be my favorite .
What 's in a child 's best interest ? It depends on who 's answering the question . That 's the crux of `` Gifted , '' the director Marc Webb 's return to small-scale features after tangling with spidey .
Gifted proves cutely endearing and effectively poignant if not especially memorable .
For everything the movie does wrong -LRB- like casting Spencer in the kind of role she has outgrown -RRB- , it does something right .
Unlike the little girl at its center , it turns out to be a quite ordinary exercise in heartwarming schmaltz .
`` Gifted '' is a clever , if less than brilliant film . Like Mary , its true genius lies not in what 's on the page , but in its humanity .
Virtually no one involved appears to have remembered what human or human-adjacent behavior should feel like , scene to scene .
The film grabs you - you know you 're being manipulated but you do n't really mind , because it 's fun to watch this bunch work .
Gifted is a syrupy sweet melodrama that tugs on your heart like a violin .
The emotionally absorbing story of a grade-school math prodigy caught in a messy custody dispute .
In attempting to balance the central conflict between Frank and Evelyn , a nature-vs . - nurture clash with a dash of class warfare , the movie comes up disappointingly short .
What 's left , once one accounts for the suffocating and stultifying plot mechanics ? Polished cutesiness ; attractive shots of beach sides ; and a good , mostly underutilized ensemble cast .
Gifted exists to do a thing , and it does it pretty well . There are no surprises , but the audience I saw it with did n't mind . Neither did I , to be honest . As comfort food goes , it 's just fine .
Schmaltzy as all get out .
Gifted may be bogged down by some generic dramatic beats , but young Mckenna Grace is the beam of sunshine that keeps us from losing faith .
Long before the end , it has built an intense involvement within the viewer . By the time the movie is through , you end up caring about the fate of everybody in the movie .
Sort of what a Nicholas Sparks movie might look like if Nicholas Sparks was n't such a dull hack .
While Fred , the one-eyed cat , almost makes GIFTED worth checking out , it 's ultimately a too simplistic and watered-down child custody tale .
An exceedingly warm and wonderful family drama from filmmaker Marc Webb .
The grace notes are crowded out by the screenplay 's plot machinations and emotional manipulations .
Everybody shows their work in the winning math of Gifted , which finds a simple formula for success with a flawed father figure and his prodigious niece .
Tom Flynn 's script is n't afraid of asking tough questions when it comes to Mary 's fate ... but couches the rest of the film in such superfluous material that it 's nearly impossible to cut through the noise . In short , the math does n't add up .
Despite its recycled tropes , the comedy-drama manages to be both funny and moving even if its emotional manipulations are fully apparent .
The film 's increasingly manipulative treatment of provocative subject matter cheapens the drama of its premise . Webb has n't allowed much nuance to enter into the equation .
The movie is a bit of a crock - a stacked-deck family drama that 's all bits and pieces stuck together out of a screenwriter 's handbook .

@highlight

Gifted is n't quite as bright as its pint-sized protagonist , but a charming cast wrings respectably engaging drama out of a fairly predictable premise .