Ride Along will at the very least entertain despite any inherent contrivances .
The movie misses the opportunity to exploit the comedic chemistry between it 's leads . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Leads -RSB- off with the most poorly shot and edited chase scene in recent memory ... so spatially confusing that it might as well have been shot through a kaleidoscope .
The movie is n't loose enough to let Kevin Hart run wild with sustained riffs ; he 's trapped inside the stodgy , stifling structure .
-LRB- ... -RRB- even with four scriptwriters on the case it 's still full of the usual stereotypes and lazy , bad-boy clichés - all glued together with a rather bombastic score .
Nothing in the movie makes sense , but I prefer to think that `` Ride Along '' is just a badly told joke , rather than an insult to its audience .
Just because I laughed does n't mean Ride Along is a good movie .
Director Tim Story puts a competent visual polish on Ride Along , but it 's simply not funny or action-packed enough to warrant a recommendation .
How much you enjoy it will depend heavily on how much you enjoy Hart 's manic energy and self-deprecating jokes .
What 's in the foreground is Kevin Hart 's boyish desires and Ice Cube 's gruff response . They 're the Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers of bickering .
There are a few laughs , but not enough .
It 's a typically absurd , exaggerated spiel but with a grim undertone that resonates later on , so that Ben 's desperate efforts to make something of himself seem not entirely a laughing matter .
The paucity of buddy comedies within contemporary multiplexes makes Ride Along 's massive failure especially disappointing ...
Hey , if you want to see Kevin Hart screeching like a mad-man and late-period Ice Cube gleefully giving shout-outs to his song titles through dialogue -LRB- as I often do -RRB- , this is the place to get it .
An undemanding fun ride , ideal accompaniment to popcorn
Ride Alone is ultimately one joke stretched out into feature length form , and though tedious at times , fortunately for Story , that one joke happens to be a funny one .
The crime plot is lazily predictable , but the comedy is barely any better . Cube plays the straight man to Hart 's manic motor mouth , but anyone who is n't already a fan will probably find his comic shtick more irritating than amusing .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- silly and unsophisticated but it does have enough cute gags to be agreeably amusing . Hart , who screams like a little girl , makes for funny , likeable company .
An action-comedy short on both action and comedy , this turgid dirge recycles all the usual mismatched cop-couple cliches -LRB- from 48 Hours to Cop Out -RRB- with dreary results .
Ride Along 's fascinating on one level because there 's absolutely nothing original about it .
As buddy movies go , this is strictly formulaic fare but it elicits a few laughs along the way thanks to the relentless goofing of Kevin Hart .
... the gags and one-liners just are n't as funny as they need to be .
The inappropriately namedTim Story looks to have grabbed his script from the `` plot '' section of the service station while racing to a meeting for which he had not properly prepared .
If you 're in the mood for some undemanding action entertainment , this routine buddy cop caper offers some cheap laughs .
Ice Cube is a man with two expressions , while Hart has become a ubiquitous presence .
Romantic chemistry is rare in the movies , comic chemistry rarer still , and sadly there is n't much on offer in this action buddy comedy .
There 's a decent premise to this action-comedy , but the filmmakers ca n't be bothered to put in the effort to actually make it funny or exciting .
The impression is very much that director Tim Story has shaken down the genre for its most hackneyed ingredients and whisked them carelessly together .
It 's fast , loud and silly with some good set-pieces and comic situations .
A butch and uncompromising assault of mediocrity and déjà vu .
The plot is weak , the characterisation is inconsistent and it 's nowhere near as funny as it thinks it is .
Ride Along is saddled with an uninvolving plot , and largely content to coast on cop-movie clichés .
Can you be physically assaulted by a comedy ? Anything might seem possible after enduring Kevin Hart 's jackhammer performance in this mismatched buddy-cop movie .
Despite a couple of legitimate laughs , it 's largely unwatchable .
The most truthful answer is friendly but unexciting : They 're OK . They 're pretty good .
As a comedian -LSB- Hart -RSB- has been begging for Hollywood 's attention for five years . He has it now , but you 've got to believe he can do better than this .
If you 've seen the trailer for Ride Along , then rest assured , you do n't need to see the rest .
... even by the checkered standards of the buddy-cop comedy tradition , this low-brow effort is so ridiculously incoherent that it becomes distracting .
Because of his brilliant standup comedy , I find myself rooting for Hart . I hope he will have the chance to star in a film that is worthy of him . ` Ride Along ' is n't that opportunity .
If you ca n't stand The Heat , then stay out of the multiplexes showing Ride Along .
Only fitfully inspired ; most of the really funny bits -- a visit to a shooting range , for example -- were succinct enough to fit into the trailer .
`` Ride Along '' an all too familiar trip .
A buddy cop-ish movie that would need a healthy dose of inspiration to even count as boring .
This routine buddy picture offers plenty of instant gratification -LRB- Cube and Hart are easygoing screen presences , and many of their one-liners are funny -RRB- but shows little concern for characterization , storytelling , or even comic pacing .
This is a live-action cartoon .
Hart 's manic comic invention and textured persona elevates it somewhere beyond the level of pleasing mediocrity onto the slightly more distinguished realm of the agreeable-enough time waster .
Since the film 's largely schematic subplot about Serbian gunrunners ca n't manage much in the way of originality , it 's fortunate that Story knows his way around a comedy .
A quick roll in a barrel of cheap , hollow laughs down a familiar , forgettable road that we 've traveled many times before .
Ride Along has the dubious distinction of being simultaneously shoddy and straining , lazy and desperate .
With a weak , cobbled-together script , credited to a quartet of writers , it 's just another a flimsy buddy-cop comedy .
Kevin Hart 's mouth is the sole reason for the existence of the by-the-numbers buddy comedy Ride Along , which rises and falls on the strength of his chattery comic delivery .
Hart is moving dangerously close to Rob Schneider territory where his very presence in a film is a strike against it .
Comedian Kevin Hart tries to earn a few laughs in this lame cop comedy but the inane script does him no favors .
I 'd recommend watching one of Hart 's stand-up specials and saving your cash until a better comedy comes along this year .
Relies entirely on Hart 's shtick for its laughs , of which there are a few but not enough .
... so silly , so full of plotholes , so unfunny , so hackneyed ... being ridiculously stupid is not funny and neither is this movie .
Some serious plot issues aside , Ride Along borderline works because of Kevin Hart . He 's hilarious here .
The action serves as a framework to Hart 's shtick , the mannequin on which his routine hangs . It 's a solid , if familiar , structure in the vein of 48 Hrs .
Odd-couple buddy cop flick is violent , predictable , but fun .
Though it 's claiming to be a comedy , the Ice Cube/Kevin Hart team-up Ride Along is n't actually funny . At all .
Hart 's springy energy and Ice Cube 's deadpan snarl can be amusing , but they ca n't compensate for weak material .
The movie equivalent of sitting next to an obnoxious 10-year-old on a twelve-hour plane flight
Occasionally satisfying and funny , but mostly just watered-down action/comedy tropes and uninspired slapstick - all less imaginative than similar buddy cop movie offerings .
Do n't even get in the car .
If this project had originated with Cube and Hart , I think it might have actually been something special . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Cube scowls . Hart gabs incessantly . The two are reduced to the likes of a growling bear and a yapping parakeet that get no assist from a screenplay as nuanced as a parking ticket .
An Ice Cube and Kevin Hart comedy that will probably be in a Rite-Aid discount bin in about six months .
Science has reached the limits of what the buddy-cop movie can teach us .
Maybe my standards are lower in January , traditionally a month when movie studios are focused more on awards than promoting new product . But no , Kevin Hart 's performance ... would be funny any time of year .
There are half a dozen good laughs in `` Ride Along , '' but the movie could have used a few more , and a plot .
At its best , Ride Along is tolerable . At its worst , it borders on insulting .
Fans of Kevin Hart 's brand of motormouthed silliness will find some laughs here , but it 's otherwise a sloppy , forgettable affair .
If you 're a fan of pint-size motormouth Kevin Hart 's stand-up comedy , you 're likely to have fun with this . Just do n't go looking for a motion picture with credible characters or an overly involving story .
-LSB- Most -RSB- of the movie is a wash of buddy cop clichés and double crosses that are n't worth the cocktail napkin they were jotted on .
Ride Along is a film so casual in its conception and execution , it should be titled Drive Thru .
What could have been passable becomes a drag .
A premise half-heartedly searching for a movie .
Cube is solid as the impenetrable brick wall that Hart 's comic barrage bounces off . Their odd-couple shtick delivers laughs . But more often than not `` Ride Along '' chokes on its own fumes .
It 's a noisy ride to nowhere .
The plot twists are easily guessed , and the film goes on for one predicament too long , but there are some good laughs .
-LSB- Hart -RSB- gives Ride just enough buoyancy to keep it afloat , despite a story that would sink most performances .
Will they try to get laughs out of pointless destruction and reckless shooting injuries ? Yep . How about from being doped up on morphine ? Sure , why not ?
Makes no effort to try anything new and instead seem content to let the genre slip into staleness .
A forum for Kevin Hart to be the best stand-up comedian he can be .
Gives shoddiness a bad name .
like a yapping lapdog sitting in the corner , barking incessantly and desperate for your attention
An action comedy in which the action is rote and the laughs pretty scsrce .
-LSB- Hart -RSB- at least ... gives a boost to the familiar buddy-cops formula of `` Ride Along . ''
You might think of the movie as a long car trip you 've taken many times before . The same old roadside attractions may not be exciting , but when you 've got great company , who cares ?
Kevin Hart hits the vicinity of humor with a few of his drive-by wisecracks , but the movie itself has nothing under the hood .
Just when `` Ride Along '' seems like it 's used every last drop in its battered tank , Hart injects just enough fuel to get it across the finish line . A closing credit sequence takes it one lap too far .
The generic cop/buddy action comedy Ride Along rides along on Ice Cube 's fixed scowl , Kevin Hart 's broken attention span and Phil Hay 's murdered screenplay , knocked off by a fatal volley of verbal and visual clichés .
You may not remember much about `` Ride Along '' in a few days . But you wo n't forget the confident , boisterous Hart . He wo n't let you .
It does n't reinvent the wheel and is fairly lightweight , but it features a steady stream of solid laughs and goes down easy .
This rote buddy-cop action comedy is instantly forgettable .
Ride Along is a not particularly good , reasonably crowd-pleasing comedy designed as a vehicle for Kevin Hart first and Ice Cube second .
Ride Along -LSB- is -RSB- a collection of moldy gags that director Tim Story tries to polish .
It 's a particularly heartless , mindless and soulless example of the buddy movie -- really more just a frenemy burlesque of a buddy movie .
This is a movie you keep watching only from lethargy .
It 'll probably be a hit : Audiences are getting precisely what they 're promised .
You would n't go to `` Ride Along '' and expect the plot complexities of `` The Usual Suspects . ''
It 's not like Cube and Hart deserve better , but they should have something significant to play with . Story does n't even try to energize the work , adding another dud to his increasingly inescapable filmography .
We know at this point what a Kevin Hart Movie is ; I just get the sense that the next couple of them after `` Ride Along '' will do it better .
Like ` Grudge Match , ' ` Ride Along ' seems to have been designed with the assumption that , with cameras rolling , Hart will do something , and whatever it is will be gold .
If you 're looking for brainless action , hop in . But if you 're aiming any higher , you 'll probably want to find another ride .
I know people who think Kevin Hart is annoying and unfunny , and I think `` Ride Along '' is the movie to convince them they are wrong .
But despite its flaws , Ride Along is a painless and often funny way to hang with two appealing performers .
Is any of it funny ? Hart and Cube 's deliveries certainly are , but skilled comedians can make people laugh without being all that funny , especially if there 's a large audience involved .
History is lousy with mismatched-partner cop movies , and Tim Story 's film is just another in that long line .
I 'd have given all my popcorn for something unexpected , like a song-and-dance number , but `` Ride Along '' just plods along , not terrible but never particularly engaging .
Hart 's shtick gets tired quickly , and Cube only has one note to play as the humorless straight man .
The rapper and activist who recorded a furious album about the Rodney King attack is now embracing exactly the kind of violent , entitled , civil rights-crushing cop he once demonized
A little Kevin Hart goes a looooooooong way ...
Joining the ranks of odd-couple police comedies , `` Ride Along '' delivers laughs over action , with loudmouthed funnyman Kevin Hart driving the hilarity .
Scene after scene of a sputtering Hart and a glowering Ice Cube , despite the fact that they were brilliantly funny in , respectively , Think Like a Man and Barbershop , their previous collaborations with director Tim Story .
Kevin Hart epitomizes the idea of the `` small portion '' comedian ... -LSB- but -RSB- the movie fails on its own merits , even if you can stand the constant , shrill bickering between its two leads : as a thrill ride , it stalls , and as a comedy , it 's not funny .
Will it be enough to make Hart a household name ? Maybe . But both he and his fans deserve better .
There 's nothing much funny in it at all .
Ride Along is one bad doughnut joke away from being repetitively dismissible , but settles for being a contrived mess of clichés and Call of Duty references .
A showcase for what 50 percent effort and even less imagination looks like .
A lazy and listless buddy-cop action-comedy that fades from memory as quickly as its generic title .
Hart 's flailing and Cube 's slow-burn scowl are supposed to be the funny part . That , unfortunately , is an inaccurate assumption . Even the cheap laughs are expensive here .
A padded , distracted misfire that does n't so much ride along as it does coast on long-expired cop movie clichés and uninspired comedic situations .
For 100 minutes , I did n't think about anything else at all . And sometimes that small relief is the best thing a movie can give .
Kevin Hart spends most of the film doing what he usually does , which is to say acting generally like a pre-teen who just noticed his first pubic hair

@highlight

Kevin Hart 's livewire presence gives Ride Along a shot of necessary energy , but it is n't enough to rescue this would-be comedy from the buddy-cop doldrums .