Brody is the epitome of the trustworthy , funny , approachable , but magnetic nice guy that you would marry in a second if he really existed . It was like Tom Hanks and John Cusack had a love child .
As soon as it 's over , you start forgetting about it . It 's not a bad movie , it 's just fine .
Touching-but-treacly chick flick for moms & teens .
Jonathan Kasdan infects them with a smart-ass self-awareness and a grandiose sense of vitality that borders on preciousness . It has that Baby Boomer quality of his father 's films without any of the history to back it up .
Kasdan 's gift for the smart crack is consistently undercut by a well-developed taste for schmalz .
I distrust any film in which people stand and argue and/or kiss in pelting rain
Writer-director Jonathan Kasdan - he of the much-loved , short-lived Freaks and Geeks -- is no stranger to quirky characters . But why is it then that the characters in Land -- especially the high schoolers -- ring so false ?
Here 's a Cameron Crowe film that , oddly enough , was n't directed by Cameron Crowe .
Ah , poor poor Carter . Will he emerge strengthened or diminished by his encounters in this faraway land ?
The script is problematic . Much of it feels half-formed ; there are some potentially interesting ideas but they are not really developed well . The audience is supposed to take certain things on face value -- and there are many missed opportunities , particu
Unintentionally makes a case for believing that the young have nothing of interest to say to their seniors , and very little of interest to say to each other .
Despite Adam 's glorious performance , the show stealer was Olympia Dukakiswho was hilarious in every scene . From claiming she was dying every second to answering the front door with no pants . She stole the show for me .
It hits all the emotional cues right on schedule , pushing an audience 's buttons with dull factory precision .
Engaging if underwhelming .
Shows very little respect for women and makes a youthful male soft-core porn writer into a supposed seer dispensing wisdom .
The acting is good , which really is no reason alone to spend good money on seeing this throwaway picture in the theater .
I ca n't recall the last -LSB- film -RSB- that filled me with the kind of utter loathing and contempt that this one did .
There 's no denying that `` In the Land of Women '' has its moments of endearment , but Jon Kasdan 's weepy coming-of-age dramedy lacks emotional authenticity .
While it catches something of the romantic zeitgeist of this time , much in the way The Big Chill did in the early '80s , I suspect this wo n't have the same stamina .
The `` young man 's post-traumatic discovery of life 's value through quirky people tale '' is an obscure genre that 's somehow attracted Zach Braff , Cameron Crowe and Jon Kasdan .
Apart from borrowing from Garden State and In Her Shoes , there 's a sense of Big Chill Lite -- made by someone with a much lamer record collection .
Only slightly less clumsy overall than Against the Ropes , but at least it plays to co-star Meg Ryan 's ability to suggest volumes of repressed emotion .
The peculiarly male self-centeredness seen here is repulsive and astonishing . Meg Ryan 's breast cancer , the grandmother 's dementia , the teenage girl 's angst : All these traumas primarily exist to help a young man find himself .
Were it not for Brody 's impeccable line delivery and charming demeanor , the film would be unpleasant to watch primarily because of alternating scenes of deadpan hilarity and emotionally draining character backstory .
The characters all speak just slightly above a whisper , as if everything they say must be so extremely important that we are required to sit up and listen very carefully .
The movie is n't all that bad thanks to a band of cast members who rise to the occasion and somehow make it all seem plausible .
a near-two-hour marathon of phony soul-searching by suburban caricatures set to a grating soundtrack
Filled with soporific , indulgent dialogue .
I 'm not sure what world of women Kasdan experienced to define his characters , but in In the Land of Women they 're about as realistic and interesting as cardboard .
A movie with one awkward identity crisis .
Is it too early to call for a moratorium on earnest comedy-dramas about overly sensitive , hyper-verbal young men working through emotional crises by having deep , meaningful conversations with manic pixie dream-girls ?
The screenplay by Kasdan is soggy with earnest clichés .
A poignant study in empathy and , ultimately , rebirth .
A decent film that does n't occupy a single neat genre category , and often does n't seem able to decide who it 's trying to speak to .
... well done , well-acted , -LRB- and -RRB- entertaining , even though I did n't buy its dubious plot .
Although there are individual scenes that are beautifully conceived and scripted , the work as a whole does n't quite gel .
The film belongs to Brody , an endearing screen presence .
Smart and funny in ways many people no longer expect from American comedy .
Kasdan , perhaps living out some of his own angst through Brody 's befuddled-writer character , knows how to explore the inner workings of human nature .
This potentially saccharine weepy has an authentic ring , thanks to Jon Kasdan 's script and a cast capable of delivering clever lines that sound just about right for whatever situation they 're in .
In the Land of Women is a pretty enough place to visit -LRB- particularly the design-mag interiors of Ryan 's character 's home , all precisely coordinated to match her eyes -RRB- , but as a movie it appears to have nothing to say .
Brody 's apparent ease in his own skin and his skills as a listener make Carter an engaging fellow and make it understandable why , as soon as he moves to town , people start confiding in him .
In the Land of Women exhibits enough kindness and empathy throughout that it passes the test of a slice-of-life movie : You miss these people once the film ends .
reminiscent of those dreaded `` and then I suddenly realized something '' stories that surface week after week in college writing workshops . ... There are a few superb moments ... they sparkle like a handful of diamonds scattered across a sandbox .
Somehow , Kasdan 's script is able to gloss over potential sand traps , and heads into the safer territory of emotional redemption for all involved .
Wistful and uneven , Jonathan Kasdan 's -LSB- drama -RSB- is like Garden State by way of a John Hughes movie -- but less engaging than either .
Cuddly and uneven .
Kasdan could use a few more screenwriting lessons from his Oscar-nominated father , but he 's off to a decent start .
The movie seemed to be getting along fine without the melodrama . At times , it seems to be getting along just fine without Carter , but maybe that 's just me .
Solid acting , especially from the women , and a few good Colin Farrell jokes make this familiar tale better than it probably should be .
One of those films in formed by intimate personal experience -- the experience of seeing Garden State .
The meek , mopey comedy In the Land of Women is the film equivalent of a sensitive emo band with one foot in alternative rock and the other in the squishy pop mainstream : a softer , fuzzier Garden State .
A solid effort with an insightful script and strong performances .
There may be no logical answers , but even so , this trip to Kasdan 's land of women ends up being more of a good idea than a bad one .
Apart from leaning a bit much on his soundtrack and letting Olympia Dukakis indulge her crazy-granny jones , Kasdan does his work with a largely steady hand .
-LSB- Kasdan -RSB- has drawn such terrific performances from his players that the film 's shortcomings are excusable .
Kasdan displays a whimsical sense of humour that translates nicely to the screen . It will be interesting to see what he does next .
Why make a garrulous movie about people in crisis if Olympia Dukakis winds up muzzled ? Of all the troubled gabbers in Kasdan 's film , the prickliest and most proficient is wasted in a few brief scenes .
With dialogue that is often precious though occasionally thoughtful , Kasdan has made a film that 's not bad , just irritating .
A sincere , smart and modest movie .
Kasdan , who also wrote the screenplay , allows a fairly large variety of problems to accrue .
Kasdan is the son of director Lawrence Kasdan . So while he should know better , he can be forgiven his many rookie errors . Why ? Because in creating Carter and getting nuanced work from Brody , he has shown promise .
Lip-locking lapses aside , Carter 's relationships with Sarah and with Lucy are rooted in the sharing of ideas and dreams and disappointments and fears .
Considering the setup features three attractive , lovelorn characters , Kasdan takes a fairly high road . But his script only feigns insight .
No one is conniving or desperate enough for the movie to become a decent melodrama . And the conversations are too stale to culminate in interesting romance .
The kind of movie that gives the term ` chick flick ' a bad reputation .
Jonathan Kasdan seems to have inherited his father Lawrence 's knack for creating sympathetic characters and giving them clever , articulate dialogue ...
Appealing performances from Brody , Meg Ryan and Kristen Stewart are enormously helpful in giving the film what ultimately gets it across the finish line : an endearing , shaggy-dog likability .
A lot of pop-music montages -- great soundtrack , by the way -- stand in for actual acting or directing , and there 's not a single thing here that has n't been done better before .
... while the movie is littered with precisely the sort of problems one generally associates with a first effort , the filmmaker does a nice job of infusing the proceedings with just enough authenticity and heart to maintain the viewer 's continued interest .
... a charming , quirky film that does n't break new ground but has some lovely performances .
If first-time director Jon Kasdan had something more thematically devastating in mind when he wrote Women , you 'd never know it from the final product .
Kasdan 's clueless psychological insight leaves -LSB- Ryan -RSB- stranded .
One of those talking-about-their-feelings movies , but one the audience can connect with due to the strong dialogue and even stronger acting
The O.C. may be over , but Adam Brody is n't .
The film belongs to Brody , irritating and endearing and relatable in ways that actors rarely are .
It 's the kind of production that 's pleasant to watch because it allows viewers to spend some time with believable characters who face ` regular ' problems , but do so without becoming boring or overly familiar .
Writer-director Kasdan has made the best film he can make now , which is no small thing . He will make even better ones in the future , which might be a very big thing indeed .
With an age-old cinema theme of a young man 's maturation , it also needs to land female ticket-buyers but seems a lot like something women could find at home on the WE channel .
The scent of narcissism wafting off the screen in Jonathan Kasdan 's dreary directorial debut is so overpowering , you 'd be wise to walk into the theater wearing a gas mask .
Most of this is harmless enough , but Kasdan 's Hollywood logic is simply too implausible .
His ostensible profession is writing soft-core porn , but he really wants to be a serious novelist . If so , the life experiences he gains in this soppy , schematic weepie wo n't help much .
This is not an awful movie , but it fails to capitalize on some real opportunities that could have made it better and deeper .
An admirable first effort and likely to be enjoyed by women who would n't mind meeting that good-looking , self-effacing young man , and men who may be under the illusion that they in some way resemble him .
The kind of movie where everyone has problems , people reveal their deepest longings and fears to a person they just met , and every scene seems to start with the phrase , ` I have to tell you something . '
It ca n't decide on a tone , so it jars the viewer from one moment to another .
The whole mess feels like a television pilot that was never picked up .
Kasdan has talent and intelligence , but he has n't quite figured out how to tackle this story .
These are purely movie creatures -- entities that may , in fact , arise from pods and exist only in relation to other movies and movie creatures .
This first film by writer/director Jonathan Kasdan reveals him to have a good ear for dialogue and the foibles of growing into adulthood . With the inclusion of greater originality in his plotlines , he should grow into a director to watch .
Kasdan has made a winning if overly pat first feature notable for its keen ear , its preference for character over plot and its refreshing modesty .
What matters here are n't the narrative events , so much as the movie 's emotional textures .
First-time writer/director Jon Kasdan 's witty dialogue mixed with Brody 's pitch-perfect portrayal of the lovable loser make this film different and worth seeing .
It 's a wistfully humorous romantic weeper with emphasis on the humorous .
In the Land of Women does n't for a moment feel messy and chaotic where it counts .
This comedy drama is capably acted and undeniably touching in spots , although less than two weeks after seeing it , I can remember having been undeniably touched but not much else .
It feels like Kasdan has piled one event on top of another on top of another , as opposed to building a believable story arc .
Kasdan 's script mines familiar ground without finding gems . That 's too bad , because it 's blessed with honest , unflinching performances from three leads .
Manages to appreciate the boldness and the beauty of women without getting too girly about it .
The movie is shot well -- especially for a first-timer . But after a while the semi-realized , semi-familiar story line weighs it down , as do the loads and loads of talk .
A lukewarm but emotionally honest debut suburban drama .
Writer-director Jon Kasdan 's attempt at character-based dramedy manages some good scenes , but as a whole In the Land of Women feels incomplete and inauthentic .
As a portrait of a young man 's rather late coming-of-emotional-age , it 's pleasant but unexceptional ... firmly situated in the mediocre middle .
-LSB- A -RSB- tedious and unsurprising narcissism ... is the only halfway genuinely emotional thing propping up this stilted and artificial flick .
Brody ... cranks out soft-core porn scripts in L.A. and yearns to author a memoir of his high school years . I have a feeling the world has more use for the soft-core porn .
Nothing about this movie rings true . It 's a huge misfire that falsely parades around like something important and wildly profound .
As Phyllis , Dukakis is every bit as effervescent as she was in her Oscar-winning supporting role in `` Moonstruck '' -LRB- 1987 -RRB- .
In the Land of Women combines hugs and `` pain '' and dialogue so fakey-cute it makes your ears hurt .
it is amazing to discover just how much this absorbing , intelligent picture has going for it : a strong sense of time and place , interesting characters , painfully sincere direction and an intriguing scenario that pauses and breathes in all the right places
So pillow-soft that its most jarring element is the countenance of Meg Ryan , whose once warm , sunshiny face has been nipped and tucked into a rigid feline Joker grin .
Without all the soppy plot devices , the Land of Women might have been someplace worth visiting .
Just what we need . Another formula indie dramedy that tries to be Garden State , but winds up being merely garden variety .
Kasdan fils makes a feature debut as writer-helmer of a coming of age saga that recalls The Graduate , positing a confused youngster between an ailing mom and rebellious daughter , sans the nasty tone of that satire ; Adam Brody and Meg Ryan are terrific .
An appealingly scruffy if overly programmatic drama .





@highlight

While pleasantly acted , In the Land of Women is a dramatically stilted film with underdeveloped characters .