The rookie director , Erik Brevig , has an armful of credits working in the visual effects department but he shows absolutely no skill at directing actors .
Despite being constantly upstaged by special effects , the actors are all very watchable .
This latest adaptation of Journey to the Centre of the Earth is clean cut entertainment recommended for a family night out , although some scenes may frighten the little ones .
Brendan Fraser 's physical dexterity and comic timing are laid out in good order here , and `` Journey '' is pretty much a Frasermobile . Without him , it just does n't go anywhere .
Journey relentlessly dishes out the action and offers the bespectacled audience plenty of goopy , grabby 3-D jolts , but it all resembles a run of the mill video game . Brevig ca n't shake the material loose from its unbridled artificiality . ''
Whilst 3D glasses might mask this lapse of originality by putting it all in your face , from a standard visual plane , the creative potential of Verne 's novel appears to be inexcusably wasted .
Overall , everyone involved does well , but no one besides the 3D is doing much to drop your jaw .
... rather juvenile ... with many of its shots intended more to show off the 3-D process than to further its story line .
Brendan Fraser 's playful force of personality rules , 3D or no 3D , one of the few funny guys who could grab attention away from a dinosaur in assault mode , in the center of the earth or anywhere else on the planet .
The movie proves the perfect showcase for 3D . I ca n't say that it does the same for Fraser .
It 's all good clean fun : a rattling good yarn , in fact , with mostly nicely modulated performances from Fraser , Hutcherson and Bream , emphasising confidence , growth , solidarity and self-reliance .
Fraser salvages his reputation as a solid , matinee-style action hero in this family-oriented fantasy .
Brevig does a barely competent job of imitating the Indiana Jones movies , and seems more hindered than helped by his chosen format ...
Poor Brendan Fraser , he must have known he had nothing to work with here , he looks as if he 's sleepwalking through the role , not a career highlight for him .
It 's all curiously uninvolving , and it 's only Fraser 's goofy grin and slapstick physicality that hold any character interest whatsoever .
As harmlessly entertaining as it is , this journey is a few screams and gasps short of a real 3D thrill ride .
The utopian ecosystem setting - dominated by lush rainforests and vast oceans - is magnificent to gawk at , and the 3D cinematography makes fine use of the prehistoric wildlife and unexplained phenomena .
The stars here are the novelties of 3D , which certainly make it fun % u2013 just a tad repetitive for anyone over 25 , I suspect
Giant fossilised mushrooms , flying fish with massive teeth , glowing bluebirds , a rollercoaster ride on an underground mine railway and magnetic floating rocks are some of the ingredients of this 3D adventure take on Jules Verne 's classic sci-fi novel . .
If you can turn off your mind , and I know that is pretty easy for most of us , then you 'll get a kick out of this 3D journey .
In 2-D , Journey to the Center of the Earth would be okay , I guess , but you 'd be more apt to notice the cardboard characters , or the thin plotting , or the way each grave danger seems to be easily solved . In 3-D , however , it 's a complete blast .
Colourful good fun on the big screen , especially in 3D . Although only kids will fall for the bloodless violence and corny plot points .
This flick is strictly kids ' stuff , but with the 3D enticement , it makes for an enjoyable , lightweight good time .
As it is with alot of gimmick movies , there is just not enough material to even sustain 90 minutes .
These filmmakers understand why audiences have put on the 3D glasses , and they offer up visual trick after visual trick in hopes of keeping the viewers wowed .
Most of the movie , directed by Eric Brevig , is as daft , outlandish , and speedy as it needs to be , and , for all its newfangled effects , touchingly old-fashioned in its reverence for the Jules Verne novel that inspired it .
There 's no doubt about it : The 3-D special effects steal the show from the human performers in ` Journey to the Center of the Earth , ' a family film that 's a fun adventure .
If it 's 3D , it 's fun . Without the glasses , it sucks hard .
If you plan to see this movie at all , see it at a 3D engagement , because the spectacular computer-generated imagery - as often as not flying out of the screen and into your face - is the only reason for the price of admission .
Fun as thrill ride , but surprisingly poor as film .
I do n't know if this movie would be nearly as good when seen in regular old 2D . In 3D , it is a good roller coaster ride .
As for Fraser 's overacting , he 's such a ham that his eyes pop out of the screen even more menacingly than those sharp dinosaur choppers .
A pleasantly cast mediocrity that scores slightly higher marks in its 3-D incarnation .
A perfect Saturday matinee movie .
a theme park metaphor is particularly apt in describing this movie because it plays like the 3-D attractions you can find over at Sea World . It 's exciting , funny , not too scary and quite short % u2014young kids will absolutely love it .
The first summer movie that is both : a -RRB- truly comparable to a roller coaster ride ; and b -RRB- significantly worse than a roller coaster ride .
Without the 3-D effects it is a rather ordinary movie
This ` Journey ' appears to take place in an amusement park .
Is n't the worst film in theaters , nor will it manage to be the worst film all year ...
Obviously aimed at kids , but it 's an enjoyable romp .
Formulaic but exciting family action-adventurer .
... the 3-D version of the film is good , dumb fun . In standard 2-D , I imagine , it would just be dumb , and much less fun
Aggressively bland , a display of X-treme mildness , a cinematic saltine .
To echo the vernacular of today 's young people , it is awesome .
Grown-ups may suspect that for all the techical virtuosity , the story is just a bit thin and bare .
Journey to the Center of the Earth is n't so much an adaptation of the book but a very weak narrative film that uses action sequences from the book to make for cool , 3-D effects .
Many have described Journey as a 3D film dumbed down to a theme park attraction . However , its visual splendor would have left Walt Disney weeping and Sergei Eisenstein preaching of cinema 's second coming .
Comete o pecado de desperdiçar o livro de um dos pais da ficção científica ao julgar , equivocada e ironicamente , que este não deveria ter muita importância diante do brilho fugaz da tecnologia .
If you 're under eight and never saw `` Land of the Lost '' on TV , maybe ...
The 3D fluff will certainly provide an ooh - & aah-worthy babysitter for the small fries , but I wish there had been a cleverer script that would have allowed junior 's mum and dad to enjoy it just as much .
Even without 3D at the screening I attended , some scenes in ` Journey to the Center of the Earth ' caused audience members to squeal with excitement .
Seems more like a theme-park ride than a movie .
Journey to the Center of the Earth 3D is a great film to take the kids to , or if you 're a fan of 3D - otherwise do n't bother .
My Dinner With Andre and The English Patient need 3D treatment . They may be classics , but if 3D can get me to jump , duck and chuckle like a 5-year-old with clown glasses on through a mediocre film like this , maybe it 's time to branch out .
One worth your time if you can see it the way it was intended to be viewed by audiences -LRB- with stuff flying off the screen at your head ! -RRB-
Journey to the Center of the Earth is n't playing in 3-D in every theater , but that 's the only way to see it . Even then you have to wait until the last half-hour for the good stuff .
Fraser does his Mummy best to save us from the true disaster -- the script .
In 3D , it 's a knockout -- you 'll think you 've experienced the greatest tooth-brushing scene in movie history .
Perfectly charming as well as predictably eye-popping .
Flat and predictable , though the visuals are often striking .
This dumbed-down spin on Jules Verne 's classic adventure tale was devised as a kid-friendly roller-coaster ride , and it delivers the goods . Whether anyone over the age of eight wants the goods is another matter altogether .
If 3D is indeed the future of movies , we 're going to need something more substantial than Journey to the Center of the Earth to convince us .
If , at this moment , the child next to you grabs your arm and hollers `` Duck ! '' , the movie will have been worth the ticket price .
It 's mostly for videogame fans who wish movies were more like videogames .
The absence of star charisma in Journey denies the audience some focus in a movie that keeps changing backdrops and is ultimately no more than the sum of its wild-eyed parts .
It 's harmless fun , and it makes for an often impressive display of the latest generation of computer-wizardry .
Journey shows that Brevig knows exactly what visual effects can do -- and more important , what they ca n't .
Plot , dialogue and acting are buried beneath a visual barrage that may stimulate children but dizzy adults .
A movie that 's faithful to an idea , and to a sense of adventure , more than to a specific work .
I do n't know if 3-D could improve all movies -LRB- nothing could make The Love Guru funny -RRB- but it sure works here .
It 's inoffensive and shiny and competent and kids will dig it , and I can already barely remember a single thing that happened .
Journey may be an utterly weightless movie , but in the end it floats rather nicely .
In your face . In more ways than one . That 's the twist -- and the appeal -- of Journey to the Center of the Earth .
It has a just-rebellious-enough kid , just-goofy-enough hero , a cute competent heroine and plenty of bumper-car chase scenes and house-of-shocks surprises .
Unusual for this genre , the script does n't insult the audience 's intelligence , and it mercifully soft-pedals its message about the virtues of reading .
The cast hits the right notes .
Clean , lightweight escapism with a top-notch gimmick .
As a 3-D film , Journey to the Center of the Earth is a feast for the eyes that you wo n't want to miss , but in 2-D , I can only confidently guess that it is just another run-of-the-mill action adventure tale .
The last time I saw a 3-D movie in a movie theater I got the glasses from a cereal box . Suffice it to say , the technology has advanced a bit , and the filmmakers use it to impressive effect .
The storytelling is still stuck in the 1950s , but the modern 3-D technology is pretty impressive at times in this family adventure .
A diverting if shallow entertainment , not to mention a glimpse of things to come .
A non-movie that whisks its premise by you with a perfunctoriness that suggests you 've been standing in line with cranky kids for an hour in the hot Florida sun , so let 's get to it . Even in the era of short attention spans , it is slight .
A virtual theme-park simulation and possibly a milestone of immersive entertainment .
This fun-size popcorn movie packs enough adventure and humor into every bite to please the whole fam . Just be sure to catch it in 3-D .
That dinosaur looks like it 's popping off the screen ! Cool !
Director Eric Brevig -LRB- a special-effects whiz who helped create Disneyland 's Captain EO -RRB- overuses the 3-D gimmick . A yo-yo bit is repeated so many times it 's annoying .
A popcorn movie that delivers precisely what it promises . The dialogue is tepid and the outcome is preordained , but it moves at the brisk pace of a carnival ride , leaving you breathless and ready for another spin .
With crisp images and depth that makes you feel you could reach out and stick your hand into the middle of the action , the movie projected in digital 3-D form actually makes that theme-park ride kind of fun .
Much of Journey plays like a thinner version of an Indiana Jones movie â '' a series not noted for its stoutness to begin with .
This is a fairly bad movie , and yet at the same time maybe about as good as it could be .
Eric Brevig , making his feature directing debut after a long career as a visual effects supervisor , lurches from one CG set piece to the next , though he 's helped along by Fraser 's easy comic touch .
The movie 's manic , superficial energy -LSB- is -RSB- easy to enjoy .
The gimmickry ca n't lift the boats of a threadbare storyline . What the proselytizers and the investors forget is that if the characters and emotions are n't three-dimensional , the rest of the movie will always look flat .
Simplistic as can be with its cliched squabbling-family dynamics offering little more than a hook for the 3-D technicians to hang their hats on . But for most audiences , this one included , that was plenty .
If Journey to the Center of the Earth is not a ride , then what is it ? One thing it may not be , quite , is a movie .
Its 3D effects aside , this latest big-screen adaptation of Jules Verne 's Journey to the Center of the Earth unreels like a Hollywood adventure film made many decades ago .
At times , Journey has an enjoyably stupid feel . At other times , it 's simply stupid . But it does have one thing going for it : being released in 3D in many theaters .
It 's as if the filmmakers added the 3-D element because they knew the movie would be too boring to be released without it .
I was full of constant wonder , as if I was a kid again .
Brendan Fraser is stuck inside Journey to the Center of the Earth , a movie with precious little new to say about journeys , centers , or -- amazingly -- action .
Light as a feather , but never boring , Journey 3-D , brought me back just a little to my days as a youth watching adventures and for 90 minutes it was a welcome spelunk .
The screenwriters seem to have dedicated far more time to trying to shoehorn in as many gags involving things flying off the screen than into trying to come up with an interesting story in which to frame them .
... a fun amusement part ride that may actually get some young moviegoers to read the Jules Verne novel that inspired it .
As it chugs along like a novice marathon runner aware of its inability to win the race , Journey to the Center of the Earth 3D does nothing to dissuade us from its earnest need to entertain .
Director Eric Brevig knows he 's not really shooting a Jules Verne mind-blower ; this is pure blockbuster , and it 's a fine specimen .
A perfectly good way for a family to spend a Saturday afternoon , particularly if that family has a lot of 8-to-12-year-old boys .
Meant as a non-stop roller-coaster ride , it mistakes spectacle for energy , fancy effects for wonder , and a lazy meta-plot for a clever update of a classic .
If you can get past the first 20 minutes of the film and turn off all criticisms of bad acting and awful clichés , then you will enjoy this special effects filled adventure .
Instead of collapsing under thunderous CGI and fart jokes , Brevig crafts a delightfully retro entertainment , light and funny and summery .
If I were ten I 'd go see this again and again and again
This is an old-fashioned movie with wonderful 3-D effects so full of fun that I came out with a broad smile on my face .
actually equals this summer 's Indiana Jones sequel on the assembly line of escalating dangers .
... if you are really looking for an entertaining film version of the Verne classic , get hold of a copy of the 1959 JttCotE .
-LSB- H -RSB- as no pretensions to being anything other than a theme park ride ...
For a movie that must create a whole new world , there 's no sense of or wonderment .
If someone 's got to Roman shower the audience with spit , dribble , and Colgate , let it be -LSB- Fraser -RSB- .
Part thrill ride , part video game , part virtual reality , it is a lively and satisfying update of a good old-fashioned Saturday afternoon serial adventure saga .
If you ca n't afford a vacation to your favorite theme park , this 3-D-extravaganza is the next best thing .
Like its early predecessors , it 's a nominally fun trip , but it 's tissue-thin and instantly forgettable .
Journey to the Center of the Earth is terrific family entertainment , an action comedy on a par with Night at the Museum and National Treasure .
If you can imagine the thrill of a Disney World ride with all its leaps , bounds , twists , turns and runaway dinosaurs , you 've got a good sense of the wonder and excitement that awaits you with the surprisingly entertaining flick .
Briskly paced but soulless where it counts , the film acts as empty spectacle that , when it all comes down to it , is n't particularly spectacular .
Even without the 3-D , it 's a fast-moving , old-fashioned boys ' adventure romp , built for short attention spans and maximum popcorn consumption .
I ca n't tell you how this film looks in 2-D , which is how the majority of the nation 's customers will partake of it . I saw it in 3-D . I liked it . It 's dopey , but I liked it .
Episodes of Land of the Lost were more inspired .
Make sure to catch this latest iteration of the Jules Verne novel on a screen projecting it in 3-D format because without all the fun visual effects of stuff ` comin ' right at ya , ' this journey 's center will not hold .
It 's old-fashioned family-friendly B-movie cheese , served up in this Brendan Fraser/Jules Verne action epic for kids .
In generating what amounts to a 90-minute theme park ride , the filmmakers lost track of the need to tell a compelling story to supplement the eye candy .
While parents are n't going to feel at all bad for letting their kids watch it , enjoying it for themselves might be close to impossible . In short , this might be one trip into the unknown even Verne himself might have chosen to take a pass on .
The young lads in your family will thank you for taking them , but I 'm not sure about anyone else .
The real star here is the pair of 3-D glasses you 're handed when you walk into the theater . With them , Journey is a kick -LRB- if not much more -RRB- .
Awesome , a dinosaur drooled on me !
There is a fundamental reason why 3-D technology does n't work ...
Special effects have come a long way since Jurassic Park , but you would n't know it from Journey to the Center of the Earth .
An entertaining family film in 3D about adventures in a strange and wondrous world .
The story is slight and predictable , the character development pretty much nonexistent , and though the effects are generally solid , without 3-D the movie would be pointless .
The comin ' - at-ya effects are certainly state of the art ... but any hopes that the film might blaze new trails are squashed the first time someone picks up a paddleball . Kids should lap it up ; for anyone else , Dramamine is advised .
Cheesy good fun for the family , but seeing in 3-D is essential .
Wandering around the earth 's stalactite-dripped core exerts a primal appeal even in a dumb kiddie joyride like this one .
While the actual meat of the film features at least one spectacular sequence involving a chasm and floating magnetic rocks , the rest is marred by badly conceived 3-D effects .
-LSB- Not -RSB- the worst way to kill a few hours . Just think of it more as an E-Ticket attraction and less as an actual movie .
The effects are amazing .
A well-made , high-spirited movie that -LRB- rare indeed -RRB- never takes itself too seriously ... a perfect summer escape .
1-D characters get the 3-D treatment in a reasonably funny and exciting update of Jules Verne 's classic .
This cheeky combination of updating and spoof makes for an agreeable amusement-park ride of a movie ... all the more striking by being presented in very effective 3-D .
There are so few family films that can really appeal to everyone in the family , and this is an amazing adventure for both kids ... and adults who refuse to grow up .
Do n't settle for 2-D - choose a theater with 3-D - and then hang on for an awesome , astonishing , eye-popping ride into another world !
It would be barely passable under normal circumstances , but in 3-D it 's a circus of excellent FX .
A breathtaking adaptation of Jules Verne 's classic sci-fi novel , filled with eye-pleasing gags and sudden shocks of surprise that fall under the spell of strong performances from its terrific three-person cast .
Audiences ' connection to this gimmicky mistranslation of a sci-fi classic is likely to be spotty .
As a 2-D movie , or inevitable DVD , it probably fails . As a 3-D experience , though , it rocks .
Probably has the highest screams-per-capita ratio in the history of action-adventure pics , and a better thrill-per-minute deal than most .
It 's just a lot of fun .
Brendan Fraser , one of few actors who does n't condescend to light material or fears to be outmatched by it , is likable in this reimagining of Verne 's classic , which is minimal in characters -LRB- only 3 -RRB- and story but takes full advantage of the 3D format .
Journey to the Center of the Earth 3D feels like a visit to Frontierland , with boat rides , mine carts , and one heck of a log flume .




@highlight

Modern visuals and an old fasioned storyline make this family adventure/comedy a fast-paced , kitschy ride .