Devil 's Knot feels strangely clean . This , at least , meshes with the film 's made-for-TV quality and style , although at this punishing duration , such tidiness hardly seems worth celebrating .
`` Devil 's Knot '' is a misguided attempt to tell the story of the West Memphis Three , something that was told infinitely better in the brilliant documentary `` West of Memphis '' by Amy Berg .
Devil 's Knot is a fine film , but those searching for Egoyan 's signature touches -LRB- which would seem apparent -RRB- will be left wanting more .
Sound and look are key to atmosphere of ominous inevitability of conviction ... Admirable for using only local points-of-view . . . Worth seeking out for thoughtful perspective .
If anything positive can be gained from Devil 's Knot , it 's that hopefully it will lead new viewers to the magnificent experiences that await them by watching the superior Paradise Lost trilogy and the conclusive West of Memphis
It does n't quite gel as either a proper whodunnit , an insight into a killer 's mind , a debate about lyrics in heavy metal music or a gripping legal case .
In its way , this is the most terrifying horror movie I 've seen in a long time ; the woods where the kids die are like something out of Evil Dead . I was left angry and wrung out .
This blandly made dramastisation by Atom Egoyan is an extremely average courtroom piece that , despite strong work by Reece Witherspoon and Colin Firth , feels like a 1970s telemovie .
It compares most unfavourably with the recent Prisoners , which told an entirely fictional story about missing children with far more intrigue , suspense and cinematic skill than Egoyan 's muted effort .
It is really down to Egoyan 's cast to find a way to connect with the viewer on a personal level . Thankfully , one and all are more than up to the task .
It 's a pity to see -LSB- director Atom -RSB- Egoyan fumbling around here , unable to create anything great with the material - be it mood , drama or social critique . It 's far from his best work .
I actually did think there were some powerful scenes early on in the film and I do think Reese Witherspoon and Colin Firth are really fine in it .
With a rather stilted and unfocused aesthetic , this tale of bias and bungling covers the same sad ground that documentary WEST OF MEMPHIS did so very well . Reese Witherspoon works hard but she and Colin Firth are wasted .
In literary adaptations such as Felicia 's Journey and The Sweet Hereafter , Egoyan has shown that he can depict darkness and explore loss . But here , he feels mired in stereotypes , or dependent on images that documentaries have already created .
Given all the revelations and developments in the case during the past 20 years , this treatment seems shallow and trivial .
Egoyan listlessly retraces the trial 's tragic course but uncovers nothing new about human nature in the belaboured process .
Haunting artistry aside , it 's hard to see what Egoyan brings to the table that has n't already been covered in print -LRB- Mara Leveritt 's book provides source material -RRB- , on screen and elsewhere in the media .
This is a courtroom drama in which the man fighting the good fight has to wait outside .
Dramatisation or reconstruction ? Devil 's Knot fails on both fronts given its inadequate and dissonant treatment of real events ...
It is a strangely unsatisfactory affair that does n't quite work either as a documentary-style reconstruction , a brooding thriller or a courtroom drama .
Approaches the tragedy suffered by six families and turns it into a vanilla drama that , if were n't for the big-name cast , would look more at home as a Channel 5 matinée .
Based on the events documented in West of Memphis and the Paradise Lost trilogy , this drama takes an almost clinical approach to the story .
Why has Egoyan made this unsatisfactory , ultimately dismaying film , when this awful story has been so thoroughly treated already elsewhere ?
... feels more like a stiff book report than a sobering account of an all-American tragedy .
Devil 's Knot feels incomplete , the script ending long before the subsequent appeals and revelations that continued to grab headlines .
Maybe it needed a director like David Fincher to capture the deep , dark dread of what happened but in the hands of Atom Egoyan it barely scratches the surface and feels in bad taste .
-LSB- Takes -RSB- the perfunctory shape of an afternoon TV movie .
Where some directors might have let the religious overtones induce feverish lapses into Southern Gothic , Egoyan wisely plays it as a straight procedural-cum-courtroom drama .
The whole thing is ill-scripted , ill-directed and , worst of all , superfluous .
It 's absorbing , sometimes upsetting , but finally self-thwarting .
Takes a long time to tell us nothing we did n't know ... A missed opportunity .
Egoyan fails to offer much fresh insight in this well-intentioned but oddly uninvolving film .
Lacks tension , focus and -- most damaging -- seems entirely unnecessary and redundant in the wake of the four documentary features that not only exhaustively examined the case but altered the lives of everyone involved in it .
does n't have enough of a unique take on the overly familiar material to elevate it from the documentaries that covered the story so much better
A serviceable , straightforward work that embraces posed and expeditious dramatic signifiers rather than plunging more daringly into the mouth of madness .
You 'll have little patience with this fact-based indie , especially if you 're a fan of HBO 's ` True Detective ' series , which also deals with ritualistic slayings . The difference ? A little something called edge .
`` Devil 's Knot '' screenwriters Paul Harris Boardman and Scott Derrickson , and the talented director Atom Egoyan , paint a picture of the principal figures in the case of the West Memphis Three and the community where the crimes took place .
Comes across as a cinematic , slightly dramatized Cliffs Notes edition a story that 's been told often .
Coming from such a talented filmmaker , the film is disappointingly prosaic , unable to shake a Lifetime movie-of-the-week quality .
The rest is pure director-for-hire bland , even if the material would seem to cry out for -LSB- Atom Egoyan 's -RSB- signature brand .
Misguided , melodramatic and ultimately pointless , Devil 's Knot pales in comparison to the fine documentaries that have already scrutinized the West Memphis Three case .
There are four definitive movies about the West Memphis Three . The Devil 's Knot is not one of them .
A feature film treatment at this point seems opportunistic at best .
Stale , flat , and completely underwhelming .
It 's not a bad film , exactly , but it 's a jumbled , uncertain one , and it never quite makes a compelling case for itself .
Straightforward and emotionally flat , not the treatment this tragic and outrageous story deserves
Atom Egoyan is all over the real-life case of American injustice surrounding the West Memphis Three . But sadly , I 'm not sure why .
There are too many major characters and too many points of emphasis . As elegantly directed as it sometimes is , it feels disjointed , scattered .
You would think that the horrific case of the West Memphis Three would not need further retelling . This film has little to add to the conversation .
A rather dull docudrama that does n't have a strong reason to exist , outside of perhaps a financial one .
An exhaustively researched - and , quite frankly , very exhausting - adaptation of journalist Mara Leveritt 's book .
The grief , the madness of the community , the plain stupidity of the cops , the mass protests that followed the convictions , the horrible power of it all - none of it comes across in this drab film .
The finished product plays as if it was thrown together by people whose research consisted of skimming over the West Memphis Three 's Wikipedia entry .
The real-life characters , as shown in the documentaries , are far more colorful and quirky than they appear in these well-acted but comparatively safe performances .
Not without its problems , but anything done by Atom Egoyan is worth seeing .
Well made but redundant .
A nimble filmmaker , Egoyan wisely underplays the exploitative aspects of the story and never loses sight of the tragic deaths .
It 's as preachy as `` The Crucible , '' with the score permanently set on `` mournful . ''
A wan gloss on a horrific nightmare .
The movie does n't grab you emotionally , but director Atom Egoyan -LRB- Exotica -RRB- teases apart the case 's details with grim fascination .
The film 's restraint verges on blankness ; a mood of desolation builds in this story of the West Memphis Three , but not an involving drama .
There just does n't seem to be much of a reason for this film to exist . It literally says nothing new and what it does say is poorly executed .
Coming soon to Lifetime .
A dull retelling of the original 1994 West Memphis Three trial that brings nothing new to the table but underwhelming performances and a wishy-washy refusal to state an opinion about the real killer 's identity .
Although director Atom Egoyan has a commendable approach , Devil 's Knot is overwrought and , frankly , feels like old news .
It 's easy to understand the impulse to avoid melodrama . But Devil 's Knot is an inert exercise , visually and dramatically on par with Drew Peterson : Untouchable .
This stilted crime drama from Atom Egoyan feels misguided from the start . He 's attempting to fictionalize a true story that has already been told better , several times over .
A worthy , if more general , recounting of the West Memphis Three case . Excellent performances from Colin Firth and Reese Witherspoon .
Mr. Egoyan 's fascination and research do n't really shed any new light on the case . Do n't let that deter you .
It 's unclear what the director , Atom Egoyan , intended to do here . The film has no personality or authorship . There is no arc or drama , only scenes lined up one after another .
Other than -LSB- an -RSB- act of honest argumentation , Egoyan 's Devil 's Knot offers little for anyone who has followed the case or seen any of the other docs .
With Devil 's Knot , Egoyan does n't make this material his own , so much as he halfheartedly restages what a few good documentarians have already shot . Anyone could 've made this movie . Too many already have .
Atom Egoyan is a much better director when he drops the art-film fanciness and wrestles directly with his inner voyeuristic weirdo .
... a good performance from Reese Witherspoon but little else -LRB- unless reality show level reenactments are your bag -RRB-
Devil 's Knot or Devils Not ? Egoyan deciphers difference intolerance . And though criticism has been about skimming over facts , that may be a bid for something new and different , beyond the overly visited details . And delving not into so much how , as why .
It 's easy to see why -LSB- Egoyan -RSB- would have been attracted to the material , but the result makes one wonder he if encountered a creative roadblock as in intractable as the case itself .
While Devil 's Knot is restrained and respectful , it also feels earnest and cautious , and too much like a movie of the week to capture the sprawling complexity of the real events .
If you do n't know anything about the case , Devil 's Knot is too shallow to do it much justice ; if you do know about the case , Devil 's Knot is too aimless to offer any new perspective .
Atom Egoyan 's cool gaze fails to fully serve the boiling narrative of Devil 's Knot , a story that seems destined to forever elude a satisfactory resolution .
The movie sucks the audience into the power of the confessions , then shows us what really happened .
Compelling feature treatment of the much-documented scandal .
Considering I 've seen four documentaries about the West Memphis Three , Devil 's Knot is a really effective way to portray what those events must have been like from the inside
... one ca n't help but walk into the film knowing most of the major details of this now-notorious case ...
Devil 's Knot spends the bulk of its time with two people whose straightforward backgrounds and motives make them much more palatable for a mainstream audience .
Manages to turn a thoroughly gripping true story into an absolutely pedestrian , very dull film .
It reduces a complex and extraordinary case to soap . It makes you care less , for all its heavy-breathing and cheapo coaxing .
Devil 's Knot is sadly a CliffsNotes version of this case ... that completely misses the outrage , injustice and severe breadth of how much investigative and prosecutorial mistakes severely bungled this case from its very first moments .
Do we need a fictional version of this story ? Does the Devil 's Knot add anything , be it intellectually or aesthetically to what has already been covered so extensively by other , greater works ? Do we need this film ? The answer , sadly , is a resolute `` no '' .
While Egoyan and Co. are to be commended for doing a tactful , dignified job with material that could have made for a ghoulish horror show , the result nevertheless comes across as a flat , ponderous proposition ...
What value is there in telling this story now , and in this way ? ''

@highlight

Devil 's Knot covers fact-based ground that 's already been well-traveled with multiple -LRB- and far more compelling -RRB- documentaries .