More than just a spotlight on wacky family members and screwball situations ... a simple statement about some absurd perspectives on the Israel-Palestine conflict .
A rare , optimistic ray of hope about the prospects of Jewish-Muslim relations .
Writer-directors Dominic Harari and Teresa Pelegri have penned an amusing script and , as directors , inject a delicate human texture into the story 's intermixing of capricious zaniness , frank sensuality and Mideast politics .
The laughs more than make up for the familiarity .
... well-intentioned and charming , a deliberately downsized film that despite its high concept finds humor in the domestic more often than the political .
A fresh and funny Spanish take on the classic family screwball comedy .
Only Human -LRB- Seres Queridos -RRB- , generally speaking , does n't work .
While the comedy is at times sharp but mainly chaotic in that frenzied European style , it seems the filmmakers actually intended to make a statement about Jews , Arabs , and the possibility that love can out maneuver politics and overcome unimaginable histo
The only lesson it has to impart is that a gifted , charismatic cast can elevate the most tired material into something closer to mediocrity .
The secret to Only Human 's appeal is that the silliness is performed matter of factly , so it becomes a new , cracked definition of normal .
A smart and dark comedy from Spain , Only Human manages to say cogent things about the nature of intolerance and love while being fitfully hilarious .
The irreverent comedy of family feuds , impulsive leaps of -LRB- il -RRB- logic , and temporary amnesia is more screwball eccentricity than social satire .
There 's a political and social clash at its core , but the laughter comes from a deeper , human place -LRB- see title -RRB- .
A familiar situation of a beloved daughter bringing her intended home to meet the folks is pushed to sublimely silly extremes .
Offers passing amusements , for sure , but the gap between its brilliant potential and its final execution is frustrating .
A Spanish comedy that is n't quite as frenzied or farcical as its husband-and-wife writer-director team clearly intended it to be .
Amiable , and occasionally even insightful , but also sometimes just silly and at others a trifle tasteless ... a mixed bag that , unhappily , does n't deliver quite enough .
It lets frantic get so far ahead of funny , the latter gets lost in the dust .
Mines the comic possibilities of the classic setup of introducing the fiancé to the family , with results that are playful , charming and surprisingly thoughtful .
There are many amusing moments in Only Human ; the film is never dull .
The more I write about this film , the more ridiculous it sounds .
Teresa De Pelegri and Dominic Harari , making their feature debut , are as interested in the realistic drama of the situation as they are the clash of cartoonish characters , and they lurch uncertainly from one to the other .
Winningly human , and wonderfully funny .
Although it has its undeniably funny moments , the film sacrifices its credibility in its strained attempts to achieve a level of screwball comedy that requires a level of wit and pacing , not to mention some credibility , that is not reached here .
... amusing , but not overwhelming , farce ...
The writing is excellent , the acting is superb -- all of the components necessary for a successful comedy .
There 's some silliness , but what the heck ? You 're entertained for an hour and a half .
Shines a glaring light on sibling rivalry , cultural rifts and filial devotion without ever descending into pap or sentimentality .
The results are dubious , but ultimately , the litmus test for whether individual viewers will enjoy Only Human depends more than on their tolerance for shrill Meet The Parents-style discomfort comedy than on their views of Middle Eastern poli
The joy in watching ` Only Human ' comes from outrageous situational humor and perfectly delivered dialogue by actors having fun doing what they do .
What could have been an 85-minute tutorial in Judeo-Arab relations is an exuberantly acted farce .
-LSB- A -RSB- cheery , expertly constructed Spanish farce .
Thoroughly satisfying ... manages to tackle its serious moments deftly and without losing momentum .
There 's nothing subtle about Pelegri and Harari 's culture-clash romp , but it 's sometimes frantically funny .
All too often emphasizes tired , unconvincing shtick at the expense of substance and genuine wit .
Sounds like basic sitcom stuff . But the story is carried out with a composure best exemplified by the performance of Toledo , an agile and graceful comic actor who sometimes suggests an owlish Cary Grant .
If you do n't have a family of believable Jewish characters to begin with , the whole thing falls apart .
Moves along briskly , with several laugh-out-loud moments .
While disaster ensues , the directors have the sense to avoid the obvious , finding trouble in the least predictable of places .
Only Human , a vigorously paced modern screwball comedy ... explores family values , and Leni and Rafi 's mismatched cultural backgrounds , with a refreshingly light touch .
It 's been a long time since a movie got this much comic mileage out of the devalued reaction shot .
not very funny and mildly antisemitic
Well-meaning but forgettable .
succeeds in its bewildering dark sentiments but pushes them farther than they need to go .
This engaging film wins us over with its sharp humour and surprising warmth . And its brave timeliness .
An energetic farce about a family 's response to a Jewish-Muslim marriage engagement
The story 's funny familial crisis takes on the dimensions of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
For all its boisterous chutzpah , there is little charm in this .
At times irrepressibly hilarious , Only Human milks every possibility of clash with dark humor .
Combines a deftly-turned script , fine perfs and a feel-good message to mostly delightful effect .
An energetic , colourful farce that attempts , in its own small way , to figure out why people find it so hard to live in harmony .



@highlight

A cheerfully energetic screwball comedy , Only Human milks laughs from its culture-clash premise .