The rarely done genre of the French policier is alive and well in director Xavier Beauvois ' dynamic movie
French version of upscale cop shows like NYPD Blue or The Wire .
Lieutenant is a sly act of provocation , a repudiation of American filmmaking technique and of near-universal attitudes about cinematic violence .
Gives the audience a strong sense that you 're watching how things really go down in a police station ... only without all the action and excitement of a TV cop show .
To cut to the chase ... this is a very French , understated , intelligent , slow , police procedural that ultimately engrosses and then surprises the viewer . If you do n't see it in a theater , it would be a great rental .
A quiet powerhouse of a film , an implacable , uncompromising French police drama , both old-fashioned and modern , that underlines the reasons impeccably made crime stories do so well on-screen .
As a portrayal of the angst that permeates most police work ... certainly a success . As drama , however , it 's far from riveting .
A hugely satisfying policier that delivers exceptional performances .
Still mourning the end of Helen Mirren in TV 's Prime Suspect ? You might want to give Le Petit Lieutenant a whirl .
Le Petit Lieutenant shows how good French movies can be when they stay French and do n't try to go international .
... you can sense Baye 's struggling within the limits imposed on her .
Basically a vivid meal of characters , plus coffee and wine and one gin tonic , Le Petit Lieutenant keeps true to its brasserie menu .
The film 's plot , revolving around a murder investigation that turns nasty , ticks along smoothly and efficiently . But it 's ultimately more of a character drama , and a reminder that great acting often has little to do with words .
Le Petit Lieutenant looks at Antoine 's life with lyricism .
Beauvois makes the milieu his own , too , showing us credible and affecting human beings caught up in a world that often reveals humanity at its worst .
The movie 's realism is unimpeachable , though American cops might be stunned by the idea of a half-dozen detectives being assigned to the murder of an anonymous floater .
... one that will likely earn more respect from viewers than it will passion .
... More than any film in recent memory , Le Petit Lieutenant conveys the relentless toll of big-city police work .
Just as the French may overrate our cinema -LRB- Jerry Lewis , anyone ? -RRB- , we may overrate theirs . Take Le Petit Lieutenant -- please .
Has a clipped , Bressonian quality that makes it frustrating but also increasingly fascinating .
-LSB- Xavier Beauvois -RSB- is a clean and sure director , with a good selective eye : he knows where we ought to be looking at any moment . We can hope for more Beauvois films with worlds of their own .
Feels like a TV pilot which , perhaps , it was meant to be . But , see it for Baye .
A quiet powerhouse of a film , an implacable , uncompromising French police drama , both old-fashioned and modern , that underlines the reasons impeccably made crime stories do so well on screen .
Other than the unnecessary meandering in the first half , this is first-rate , as both a detective film and a character piece .
Xavier Beauvois ' police procedural owes more to Prime Suspect and Hill Street Blues than it does to any film genre . And it 's all the better for it , if you can withstand the glacial pace and loving attention to the smallest details .
Backed by a strong supporting cast , Baye , who received the French Cesar for Best Actress , gives a superb performance , poignantly showing Vaudieu 's continual anxiety and the depth of her pain .
When the action finally picks up in the pursuit of a ruthless Russian gang of killers , the relationship between Caroline and Antoine is delivered a devastating emotional wallop .
Le Petit Lieutenant is a flinty , almost hardhearted work about characters who have lost almost everything in pursuit of some undefinable abstraction , like honor or their country or doing the right thing .
One would expect with American television 's worldwide hegemony , something like
Slow-moving , even leaden , the picture 's ambiance and evocation of cynicism nonetheless make this worthwhile viewing .
... a bit too underplayed for its own good .
Mundane real life can make for some pretty dull viewing , and the only thing that enlivens Beauvois ' anti-thriller is Baye 's beautiful performance , a career high that culminates in a tip of the hat to her first great director , Francois Truffaut .
Le Petit Lieutenant , keeps such a lazy pace , with so many scenes that fail to move the story forward , that it should be cited for failing to meet the minimum speed for a crime drama .
The relationship between an enthusiastic young Paris homicide detective and his middle-age female supervisor is as important as the murders they are trying to solve in Xavier Beauvois ' taut police procedural .
Le Petit Lieutenant spends too much time laying the groundwork for a story that could be told more succinctly , but Beauvois works hard to establish office chemistry and orient Lespert to his new surroundings .
Le Petit Lieutenant spends too much time laying the groundwork for a story that could be told more succinctly , but Beauvois works hard to establish office chemistry and orient Lespert to his new surroundings .
Understated but packing a delicate wallop , Le Petit Lieutenant is the most emotionally appealing of the recent spate of observational and minimalist dramas .
The results , while a bit overlong , are engaging and real .
The tough , satisfying French film Le Petit Lieutenant is an austere drama of the sort that rarely makes it to American screens except on cable television .
You could call it anything but by-the-book .
Xavier Beauvoir deliberately undermines the clichés we 've come to expect from the genre ... unassuming and effective .
In his fourth feature , director Xavier Beauvois turns a classic policier into an existential musing whose emotional impact quietly accumulates .
Nathalie Baye is remarkable in Le Petit Lieutenant where she plays Caroline Vaudieu , a Parisian police inspector who returns to her post after a bout with alcoholism following her child 's death .
I wo n't give away the plot twist , except to say that the final minute of the movie is one of the most bleak , and moving , endings I 've seen in years .
`` Hill Street Blues '' set in Paris , Xavier Beauvois updates film noir with a gritty tale of a tough woman in a tough city .
So , it ca n't quite be said that -LSB- Xavier Beauvois -RSB- is bereft of novel , impressively lurid ideas for murders , because he 's expressly against them , if we 're to take Antoine 's lust for intrigue as our own .
Tragedy , when it comes , does not involve us -- we 're kept at arm 's length through to the final retribution .
In spite of its improvisational roots , Le Petite Lieutenant feels a little too cleverly thought-out , but this is still a rare police film that uses work to illuminate life .
... an exemplary genre piece , melding a down-and-dirty 1970s vibe with a very modern perspective on the globalized nature of contemporary Paris .
Le Petit Lieutenant is an interesting crime thriller that has few conventional thrills but does give a fascinating look into the mechanics of a Parisian homicide squad .
director Xavier Beauvois uses the investigation of one crime ... to string together a character piece that is as much about the character of a Parisian homicide squad within a police department as it is a study of some of the individuals who comprise it .
The Young Lieutenant seems so determined to reproduce the drudgery of police work , it 's boring for the first hour , and only marginally more exciting for the second .
A film about normal people doing a difficult and mostly unspectacular job . But difficult , unspectacular and - especially - normal can be nice too sometimes .



@highlight

A gritty , languidly paced crime drama that blends old-fashioned ambiance with modern cynicism .