A gritty , Brazilian drama which called for Alice Braga to be naked and in heat nearly non-stop , whether in a bed with a boyfriend or one of her assortedy Johns .
The meager plot is no more than a clothesline upon which to hang some heated sex scenes and ugly violence .
There are sections of the screenplay that lead nowhere and I also find the ending makes the film rather incomplete . Yet it 's a gripping work , and a powerful journey while it lasts .
A likeable and accomplished addition to the Latin American new wave .
For stretches it 's enough to enjoy the grungy but gorgeous locations , the soulful performances of the three leads and the frequent , ravenous sex scenes . OK , for long stretches it 's enough .
not quite enough to make this the explosive debut he no doubt was wishing for .
Yes , it can be hard having a girlfriend who 's a hooker .
The toastiest summer on record is but an intermittently flickering 40-watt bulb when held up to the positively incendiary sexual firestorm that is Brazilian import Lower City .
Everything feels obvious and by-the-numbers , as if director and co-writer Sérgio Machado was constrained by archetypes and narrative tradition .
With a distinct lack of action , Machado resorts to far too many close-ups of his stars until , as good-looking as they are , you tire of looking at them .
The setting is far more enticing than the story . Sometimes , that 's enough .
Three potent performances readily compensate for the familiar plot .
A steamy love triangle that may earn our attention primarily on prurient interest , but ends up being honestly involving .
A steamy lust triangle that would be better if you did n't get the feeling that the guys were competing -LRB- kinda like in the cockfight -RRB- and Karinna is just the prize that goes to the victor .
Brazilian director Sergio Machado once worked as an assistant to Walter Salles , but fortunately , his new film as director , Lower City is alive in ways that Salles could not conceive .
In trying for realism , Machado only achieves dramatic inertness . His three fallen characters drift through life with no purpose other than to satisfy their immediate physical needs .
Machado asks us to believe in the love between Karinna , Deco and Naldinho without ever making us feel anything but the tug of their sexual attraction .
Everyone involved in the film seems better than the material .
Any social comments the film might contain fall by the wayside in your brain , pushed aside by the bullet : ` Karinna 's topless again ! ' That 's life in Lower City .
Strong performances by the three leads ... help to make up for the story 's sliver of a plot .
Tells a familiar story with an emotional intensity and a high eroticism that makes a lacerating impact .
Brazilian filmmaker Sergio Machado scores a strong debut with this look at young hustlers in a lovers ' triangle .
Machado ... saturates his directorial debut with rich , golden color , defining it with close , handheld shots that accentuate the feeling of skin on skin .
Machado , a former assistant to Central Station filmmaker Walter Salles , does n't seem to have a particular cinematic destination in mind for these characters , and the rather abrupt ending does n't work .
The result is something you 've seen many times but never quite like this .
Machado allowed his actors plenty of space to internalize and create their moments , which consist of rage hidden behind subtleties , libidinous pressure at the edge of containment .
As universal as the plot may be , it must be said that Karinna , Deco and Naldinho 's longings , resentments , economic desperation and confusions are unnervingly palpable throughout .
The themes are all familiar and the plot unfolds slowly and in predictable ways , but there 's plenty of heat generated by the three leads .
This frenetic potboiler about a love triangle on the Salvador waterfront smacks of liberal slumming and bristles with faux authenticity .
Brazilian actress Alice Braga -LRB- niece of legendary Sonia Braga -RRB- is something special : beautiful and innocent without make-up , seasoned and hard in a pair of short shorts and a gold push-up bra .
This is nothing really special , but it gets the job done .
The story wears thin long before it 's over , but Machado draws strong performances from his leads and makes excellent use of its rundown locations .
The film is gritty and graphic , with ` artsy ' takes where the camera holds on a motionless actor . But art it is n't .
Machado remains nonjudgmental while getting convincing performances from Braga and , as the young men , Lazaro Ramos and Wagner Moura .
There 's also something patronizing about the zeal with which Machado wallows in the muck , especially since his characters ' lives revolve entirely around sex .
Another fine example of Brazilian cinema at its best .
The movie turns out to be a predictable and somewhat sentimental lower-depths love triangle , but Ms. Braga almost makes it work .
A pleasurably swollen Brazilian soap opera .
It 's slick homogeneity , co-produced by Salles and co-funded by the Brazilian petroleum giant Petrobras , of a kind that commonly finds U.S. distribution while far better , riskier , more memorable films on the international table are ignored .
For a good time , take a trip far away from Lower City .
In the end , Lower City is never quite as energetic as it wants to be , touched by the strange , milky lethargy that steeps every waterfront film .
The Monster 's Ball Fan Club will surely get a kick out of Sérgio Machado 's Lower City , another specious mix of febrile sex and faux race commentary .
` Hot ' is the word for this look into the less touristy parts of Brazil .
The Lower City is a disappointing picture that 's less than the sum of its sporadically involving parts .
Spunky performances and a dynamic , earthy style boost an otherwise predictable , albeit sexually-charged , latino love triangle .
Though the storyline is dirt simple -LRB- can friendship outlive jealousy ? -RRB- and not particularly meaningful or involving , the action in this character-driven film is scintillatingly sexy .
The dramatic rewards are slim as the story moves toward its brutal yet hopeful conclusion .
Machado cleverly undercuts audience expectations and refuses to make moral judgements about the behaviour of the threesome , choosing instead to reveal their inner vulnerability and celebrate their capacity for defiant survival .
Enjoyable drama that is like a cross between City of God and Y Tu Mama Tambien , with lashings of sex and violence and even the odd bit of **** - fighting thrown in .
All three principals give gutsy , intuitive performances ; they generate a juice of pure sexual need and -LSB- director Sergio -RSB- Machado 's camera drinks it dry .
Lower City is essentially an intimate , well-observed , compassionate film about what happens when lust gets in the way of friendship .
Beira a perfeição em seu clímax , que , além de corajoso , é poético e carregado de uma ironia triste , mas inevitável .
It 's unlikely that even the most sophisticated or jaded of festival audiences will kindly endure the onslaught of viciousness on display .
Another bracingly dynamic Brazilian drama that jolts us with raw authenticity , finding the universality of human experience in a violent , passionate setting .


@highlight

This familiar story of a tension-fraught love triangle wavers between brutality and steamy sex .