You watch this benumbed retelling of the ancient legend thinking , `` This , too , shall pass . ''
Strikes a good balance between action and romance in this version of the medieval legend .
No Wagner libretto and not much depth or soul .
-LSB- Tristan and Isolde -RSB- moves so sluggishly that someone must have been dosing the cast and crew with Nyquil .
Tristan & Isolde is n't the sort of film you 'd go out of your way for , but you could certainly do a lot worse .
one of those movies you keep in that special shelf , to watch them when you 're ready to kill yourself , just to make sure you made the right decision
A movie in which all necessities are captured in two hours of ambitious celluloid , except for one critical anchoring piece : a heart .
Funciona principalmente graças à maneira eficaz com que retrata o amor do casal-título , que jamais deixa de soar convincente .
The production is grimy and listless , without any color to be seen , literal or figurative -- not even those little red dots meant to deter piracy . But then , there 's not much danger of that .
A strong visual style and a violent streak only partially undone by the PG-13 rating .
Fans of historical epics will find much to like in the costuming , battle sequences and cinematography , but the love story itself is underdeveloped .
The two leads , James Franco and Sophia Myles , generate a modicum of chemistry , despite being penned in by a clunky script .
Pretty and rather dull .
By removing the sorcery and operatic excess so synonymous with the story , the filmmakers conjure an affecting , pretty melodrama ... with the emphasis more on mellow than drama .
A compelling story washed down for a film that 's likely only appeal to pre-teen girls .
Unlike Franco 's mop , no amount of teasing can keep this romance from falling flat .
Swords clank , star-crossed lovers yearn , yadda yadda yadda .
Frequently rubbish but nonetheless enjoyable swashbuckler , despite a tendency to take itself a bit too seriously . More fun than King Arthur .
Rustic and lusty , Tristan and Isolde looks great but still feels less than real , as if the cinematic exaggerations actually diminish the central story .
A legendary love story set amidst violent clashes between English warlords and an Irish king fails to impress .
... never out-and-out boring ...
Much more A Knight 's Tale than Romeo & Juliet
The movie attempts a sort of documentary realism in depicting a period that is largely undocumented % u2026 but as was the case with the flat-footed King Arthur of two years ago , you may miss the magic .
It 's so cheesy and corny .
The legend of `` Tristan & Isolde '' happened a long time ago , so the story goes . And here it 's retold as an average film that could have been worse , but could have been better , for the resume of director Kevin Reynolds .
A poignant , old-fashioned , history-heavy forbidden romance
The film 's roots and execution are faithful to the source and allow the emotional and thematic complexity of the tale to shine through .
A handsomely assembled non-musical version of the legend ... the chinks in the armor creep in with James Franco , all lathered up in a weepy soap opera performance .
It has action and intrigue , diabolic plots , a tournament of champions , and everything else you would expect from a medieval movie , but it has a tendency to over tell the story and needs more romance .
A serious , old-fashioned , history-heavy romance .
Do we really want less magic in our legends ? And if these stories are stripped of their mythic aspects , are they even very interesting anymore ?
A good romance with plenty of adventure to entertain both sexes .
I dub thee tolerable .
-LSB- R -RSB- eally good , in all sorts of unexpected ways : it 's stirring , sexy , exciting , tragic , and perhaps most surprisingly , genuine .
The movie lacks style and pacing ; Franco and Myles look too contemporary . They would be more at home with their romantic problems on some Fox or WB drama ...
Intensely romantic and artistically photographed , ` Tristan & Isolde ' is a welcome quality release during the January movie doldrums .
Arthur Reinhart 's stunning images repeatedly isolate Isolde among the cool , gray expanse of natural settings . She 's a freethinking woman at the mercy of powerful forces beyond her control , trapped in the wrong place at the wrong time in history .
Formulaic , often tedious re-telling of the ancient legend .
one of those rare cinematic experiences that feels whole , that feels authentic .
A sweeping , heartfelt tale , beautifully told , that works on multiple levels .
I can wholeheartedly recommend Tristan & Isolde , even to those who do n't have a penchant for period piece romances . The movie has a lot to offer .
Across the board , it 's far from special .
Yes ! it 's a story of love at first sight which will ring down the ages . But everyone seems bored with the whole nonsense .
In short , it 's just not fun with the specter of tragedy looming over every scene .
Stolen moments from other films abound but director Kevin Reynolds has clearly given the story and characters a life and identity of their own .
Even though the time period has been brilliantly captured , it 's too long and lacks pace . Even so , against all odds , I liked it . Many in my audience seemed to have a different opinion , laughing at lines that did not invite laughter .
This couple has endured for over 900 years ; the least Tristan & Isolde can do is show us a reason why .
The end result plays out like a George Lucas film without spaceships and lightsabers .
A handsomely produced and sporadically rousing re-retelling of the ancient Celtic legend about star-crossed lovers .
Director Kevin Reynolds is n't so much inspired as determined to tell it with period accuracy , without bothering to be historically accurate .
The movie plods around , appears to pick up speed , but then falters . Worse , we never feel true sympathy for the lovers who are forced to risk all to meet in secret when fate and politics keep them apart .
While Tristan & Isolde , a competent but uninspired film version of the legendary medieval romance , will likely fade from theaters and memories quickly , Myles ' lovely face and spirited performance should linger .
We do n't find a tale of transcendent passion but rather of two vain nitwits in a case of routine attraction .
Reynolds ' film has an evocative , old-fashioned storybook look -LRB- as if designed by N.C. Wyeth or Aubrey Beardsley -RRB- , and features strong performances .
Filmed in breathtaking locations in Western Ireland and the Czech Republic , Tristan & Isolde is a disappointingly passion-free romance .
-LSB- Director Reynolds -RSB- has a feel for the rough beauty of western England and the Irish coast , and he moves quickly , if not always coherently , through battles and cabals .
The story itself -- Tristan falls in love with Isolde first , only to see her married off as part of a cold-hearted peace treaty -- is merely dreary , full of overwrought villainy and thuggish jousting .
Trying to underplay things , the actors practically sleepwalk . When someone finally gets the chance to shout , ` Seize him ! ' he does so with as much gusto as the guy who says , ` WINS news time : 8:45 . '
It 's that rare movie that had me wishing I was at the opera .
Tristan & Isolde is deadly serious , straightforward and surprisingly entertaining tragedy that reinforces much of what we think we know about the Dark Ages in Britain .
Reynolds has again delivered a lavish adventure for audiences who like their entertainment earnest and their storytelling straightforward .
This whole movie feels so wrong that you 're likely to develop a headache from all the eye rolling .
It 's all nicely shot , but Tristan And Isolde lacks the soul that has kept this story alive for a thousand-plus years .
There 's far more smiting than smooching -- more hewing of limbs than heaving of bosoms .
Sorry , no magic here .
Tristan & Isolde strives to be the good old-fashioned medieval kind of romance that stirs the soul . But due to the somewhat lackluster performances from the doomed young lovers , the film does n't quite hit the mark .
Do n't get out your handkerchiefs . You wo n't need them for Tristan & Isolde ... a fatal flaw in a movie that purports to recount the original star-crossed-lovers myth .
In the end , Tristan & Isolde is never painful . It 's just a bit of a dull blade .
This Tristan is strictly for those who prefer their romantic melodrama bloodied up a bit .
Unlike the opera , this version of the tale features no mystical elements and comes off as horribly contrived . What 's more , director Kevin Reynolds ' sluggish pacing makes the film feels twice as long as it really is .
Franco looks appropriately troubled as Tristan . Myles is pretty and sweet enough to win hearts as Isolde .
They are hollow people mooning their way through a backdrop of endless battles in which wild-haired , wild-eyed men chop each other about .
The fate of two nations hinges on the nondisclosure of the stolen kisses and secret trysts . But , boy , could I have not cared less .
Music appreciation students might buy a ticket ... expecting a film version of Wagner 's popular opera . Sadly , the only sort of opera they 'll be seeing is the kind proceeded by the word ` soap . '
Not as antic or silly as his Robin Hood : Prince of Thieves , Kevin Reynolds ' return to the realm of noble knights , ardent damsels , and grim scoundrels is melodramatic and anachronistic .
No , Tristan & Isolde goes nowhere , does nothing and only succeeds at making an audience want for a more that never comes .
... a hard film to watch unless you bring your own pre-existing fascination with the material .
Suffers from a contemporary take on a very period piece .
Tristan & Isolde wants to be an epic , but it has all the weight of a high school play .
The longer the film ran , the more I wanted to be put out of Tristan and Isolde 's misery .
Rather than complementing and intensifying the love story , a parallel tale of raging medieval war only interrupts the action . Alas , our love for this movie is one that can never be .
-LSB- `` Tristan & Isolde '' -RSB- is trying to be both chick flick and machismo movie . I 'm not sure it does either well enough but it is a showcase for Sophia Myles .
There are serious ideas at work here . But in these hands , it 's as shallow and glossed-over as Franco 's English accent .
Franco lays on mannered tics , like a slurred vocal delivery reminiscent of Benicio del Toro 's mush-mouthed hood from The Usual Suspects .
A tough , thrilling melodrama .
It 's a nice attempt to tell a classic love story with integrity , but the execution falters , leaving the true power of the romance lacking when the film needs it the most .
Part Gladiator , part Braveheart , part Romeo and Juliet , Tristan & Isolde is all boring .
Tristan & Isolde is the first pleasant surprise of 2006 ... Kevin Reynolds is a pretty good director when he 's not associated with Kevin Costner .
Misguided , miscast , a travesty .
Oh , their legend will survive . But this classic comics-style perfume commercial of a re-telling will not .
This relationship lacks a critical ingredient : passion .
Franco 's curly locks may make the target audience swoon , but his presence never allows the rest of us to completely sink into Tristan & Isolde .
When a war is going down , why are the king and his fiercest lieutenants taking a time-out to attend to the lovesick ?
How strange it is to see a film that 's supposed to be all about the burning passion and unquenchable exhilaration of true love , and yet is rather passionless and unexhilarating .
Bypasses the mythic tone of Richard Wagner 's opera ... without forsaking storybook romance . The inoffensive results get the job done , but sadly fail to excite .
Well , I just had this weird feeling that things were n't going to work out for them . But even though you can see it coming , this director Kevin Reynolds just makes the whole thing drag on and on and on and on .
Everything is a little too overdone .
Tristan & Isolde is gorgeous to watch . The film 's cinematography shines as a stunning example of setting , costumes , choreography and visual mood . And the story is entertaining , epic in scope but without an interminable length .
There is something undeniably pleasant about an entertainment like Tristan & Isolde that delivers exactly what it promises , no less , no more .
Though Reynolds ' film tops two hours -LRB- which in a season of epics seems almost trim -RRB- , he keeps the action brisk .
Tristan has its slightly silly moments , but rather like those fondly remembered epics of Hollywood past , its energy and entertainment value carry the day .
Tristan & Isolde maintains a veneer of dramatic gravitas , but you 'll feel more romantic intensity from the teenage couples sitting in the theater than from the two leads .
Mindless , predictable and mildly entertaining .
At its core is a pair of lovers no contemporary audience could possibly care for , and at the periphery are characters that threaten to become interesting but never quite do .
Tristan and Isolde is the story on which William Shakespeare based Romeo and Juliet , and , judging from the movie , he 's a heck of a rewrite man .
Over-the-top romance notwithstanding , Tristan and Isolde is a watchable hoot , with skirmishes and swordplay erupting whenever the story drags .
The knights and ladies do n't look like escapees from a Prince Valiant comic strip , but like physical , vulnerable , survivors of the conflicts left behind by the Romans .
As for the storied passion at the center of this tale , it burns about as brightly as a matchstick in a rainstorm .
It 's just a pretty valentine with no real heart .
... never quite attains the full weight and grandeur that its tragic love story demands . Yet the movie is nothing to scoff at .
A tepid , tinny modernist recasting of the epic romance ... something like a WB Network twentysomething soap opera in medieval dress .
Tristan & Isolde does nothing to help further the cause of historic epics . In fact , it may even go down in flames faster than you can say `` Orlando Bloom was horribly miscast in Kingdom of Heaven . ''
The film gives off the feeling of being incredibly bored with itself . The feeling , sadly , is contagious .
The leaden pacing and the lack of compelling performances eventually make even the most hardened ren-fair geeks in the house tune out .
Two phoned-in performances do not a romance make .
screenwriter Dean Georgaris has cherry-picked his way through -LSB- the legend -RSB- unable to synthesize what he has chosen to use into anything close to the compelling , passionate , and achingly poetic tale that has come down to us .
He freezes his face and half-fills his eyes as lovelorn fighter Tristan ; the very Madame Toussaud effigy of Andy Gibb in a tunic , he lets his leonine mane do the emoting .
With a bizarre coiffure that makes him look like the lead singer of an '80s New Wave band , Franco flares his nostrils and pouts -- his performance riddled with so many Anakin-ims you 'll think he 's auditioning for The Hayden Christensen Story .





@highlight

Competent but somewhat static , Tristan & Isolde does n't achieve the sweeping romanticism that it aims for .