Shot on a minimal budget by Barry Levinson from a script by Buck Henry , all doing their best work in years .
... Barry Levinson 's bizarre , blundering , pointless misreading of Philip Roth 's penultimate novel .
-LSB- The Humbling -RSB- is too impolitic to be celebrated in art-house theaters and too esoteric to be featured in today 's sequel-driven multiplexes .
In the end , ` The Humbling ' is one of those movies where the `` plot '' is far less interesting than what the movie is `` about '' - and in this case , it 's about acting in general and Al Pacino in particular .
It definitely seems like there is a thin line between method acting and insanity in The Humbling .
A melancholic alternation of bitter and comedic sketches , all resolutely low-key and wildly uneven .
It 's a mopey , silly situation , whose only tension comes from our perpetual fear that Levinson is about to make us watch a somber drama copulating with a farce .
This is really two stories : one about an old guy trying to prove he 's still got it sexually speaking , and the other about an artist losing a grip on his craft . The latter plot point is decent . The former ? Yuck .
A messy movie but also a thrilling one , grappling with diminished talents and vanishing virility in brutally honest ways that show up the similarly-themed Birdman as a cheap parlor trick .
There is , needless to say , an overall disconnect between every facet of the story and every other .
Comes across as indulgent , finding Levinson unwilling to give the picture focus when he finds a haze of behaviors and broad performances much more appealing .
This is Pacino 's best film performance in years . In playing an actor who has lost the art of fooling himself , he reveals with mordant wit the terrors of diminished capacity . To watch him do it is a master class .
Better than Birdman , with its more poignant , less pretentious introspective grasp of the raw , revealing truths connected to the ironic and elusive notions of art , existence , self-worth , and fame . And , when not just simply deliciously weird and wicked fun .
King Lear becomes Glee .
`` The Humbling '' reveals an ominous gulf between the director and his theme ...
It 's a worthwhile showcase for Pacino , whose thoughtful portrayal of a washed-up stage actor is both contemplative and darkly comical .
Pacino excels in `` The Humbling , '' a complex drama which seems , almost , tailor-made for the actor .
An emotionally uninvolving black comedy about an aged actor who is in a funk about everything .
Aging actor blends truth and fantasy in slow , mature drama .
The Humbling is going after something interesting - the idea that an actor could spend so many years in fiction that he loses his connection with reality . Sadly , the film fails to explore that concept to its fullest extent . Plus , you know , Birdman .
Pacino gives a refreshingly quiet and understated performance with poignant moments of vulnerability . It is the most consistent factor in a film that is frustratingly inconsistent .
An unusually charming dark comedy about an actor teetering on the edges of reality , fantasy and career .
The movie is too shrewd to qualify as a jeremiad , but underneath the comedy are boiling undercurrents of anger and despair .
If you liked Birdman , you also might like seeing Al Pacino playing a delusional , indeed hallucinatory , actor trying to save his soul and his onstage career in the sort-of-comedy The Humbling . Or you might not .
I am not a fan of voice-over narration or of the lazy use of psychiatrists providing constant commentary on characters and their motivations . This movie has both .
Al Pacino 's superb performance as an aging , psychologically unraveling actor can not save this pretentious and flat-footed film .
An uneven , hit-and-miss affair , but it represents a comeback for Pacino and , to some extent , for Levinson .
The Humbling is an uneven mess of a film .
The Humbling is frisky and buoyant , with laughs that bubble up unpredictably , often when you least expect them .
`` The Humbling '' is not quite a renaissance , but the scrappy effort sizzles with wit and energy more often than it falters .
At times , `` The Humbling '' seems as though it 's hovering in place , with little forward movement or variation . It is not at all times compelling , and sometimes it 's dull .
-LSB- Barry Levinson -RSB- likes to have the camera get drift away from -LSB- Al Pacino -RSB- as he talks , as though it 's even more bored with what he was saying than he is .
Pacino in low doses can be fulsome , and this is 10,000 cc 's of super-concentrated Al ...
For those willing to meet it halfway , this beautifully pedigreed hybrid offers up some real and strange delights .
With all the talent on tap - including screenwriter Buck Henry , who worked with Michal Zebede to adapt Philip Roth 's 2009 novel - you 'd think we 'd get something better than this outdated indulgence .
Philip Roth 's original ending is cranked up to 11 , flattening the more interesting contours of Al Pacino 's performance into a martyr 's desperate plea for an audience 's love .
Be forewarned : It is dreadful .
Levinson and Pacino 's willingness to explore the creakier end of life is n't a drawback ; it 's what gives The Humbling its bittersweet vitality .
The only upside here is the acting ... The rest is an irredeemable mess .
Uneven but captivating .
For every element that does n't work , there 's a moment that crackles with electricity and conviction .
I 'm sure Barry Levinson had no idea Alejandro Gonzales Inarritu was making the all-too-similar `` Birdman . '' So while Michael Keaton 's performance will be remembered , Al Pacino 's probably will not .
Fun , but overlong , a little too on-the-nose
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Now that `` Birdman '' has collected awards and Oscar nominations , it 's sour grapes to suggest that an injustice has been done to `` The Humbling . '' Nonetheless , it is a better movie .
All of the actors are at their comic peak .
Al Pacino modifies his usual hammy style in this satire on May-December romances and commentary on the transitory nature of celebrity .
If you can adjust to the film 's uneven rhythms and often illusory vibe , there 's a treasure trove of off-kilter humor , affecting pathos and first-class acting to be savored .
The Humbling is interesting only in how it fits into the filmography of its major talents .
Sometimes works as a farce , sometimes as a depressing drama , but by the artificially cynical finale it 's abundantly clear that both tones have failed each other .
Maybe the best thing Al Pacino has done has done this century
The Humbling makes for a Thanksgiving feast , but it 's Pacino who 's the least hammy thing about this turkey .
It 's a boldly unconventional film from Barry Levinson ... But ultimately he takes its cloudy vagueness too far . The Humbling could also be called The Bewildering .
`` The Humbling '' is a missed opportunity that squanders the talents of a stacked cast and jeopardizes the audience 's patience and care for its spoiled characters for too long .
An intelligent , incredibly funny and most human film .
Engaging but languid and only intermittingly amusing and provocative .
Such inept , shuffling nonsense that an apter title might have been The Bumbling .
Another Roth older man-younger woman story , and this one feels shockingly out-of-date , from its retro ideas about lesbians and trans people to the two-dimensional vampire that the talented Gerwig is being forced to play .
Once Pacino is surrounded by other characters , the comedy comes thick and fast and the material begins to come together in an absurd sort of way .

@highlight

The Humbling is an inarguable highlight of Al Pacino 's late-period filmography , but that 's an admittedly low bar that it does n't always clear by a very wide margin .