By far the most powerful element is N'Dour 's lone voice , a thing of high , pure beauty that feels at once ancient and new . When he sings , an otherwise earnestly conventional film becomes a vehicle of incantatory power .
Inspirational concert film .
This documentary by Elizabeth Chai Vasarhelyi could have used more music for my taste , and fewer talking heads . But it 's absorbing all the same . N'Dour is the sort of humanitarian bridge that we need in a world so sharply divided .
Be sure to stay through the closing credits as the scenes of Senegalese life act as a captivating coda to a film pulsing with music and memory .
Youssou N'Dour is a beautiful film to watch as it unfolds the life of N'Dour and , by extension , the lives of millions of West Africans who are anonymous to many in the West .
When the music starts playing , it 's easy to forgive the film 's flaws .
N'Dour is the film 's unstoppable force , handsome and radiating joy . He 's the kind of performer who is larger than life but always seems like one of the family .
An inspiring and edifying cinematic exploration of the power of music and the soul of a big-hearted African Sufi singer who has used his exceptional talent and creativity to make a better world .
Although his movie often resembles the kind of promotional video one might find as an extra on a concert DVD , N'Dour in full throttle is a sight , and sound , to behold .
Love looks and sounds great , but in depicting N'Dour as a lofty symbol for music 's power to bridge worlds and inspire , it sometimes loses sight of the man .
While the rambling , repetitive look at his life off stage is unevenly edited , his music is gloriously heard and seamlessly presented to an appreciative global audience .
Documentary about a great world-music performer is colorful but also suffers from a certain blandness and repetitiveness . A pure concert movie with biographical interruptions would have been preferable .
A lively , soulful documentary that lacks sufficient insight into the life of Youssou N'Dour .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Vasarhelyi offers only generalities on the Egypt dispute and never really tells us about N'Dour the man .
The director , Elizabeth Chai Vasarhelyi , is in thrall to her subject , and dewy-eyed accounts of pop stars , even those with as compelling a biography as Mr. N'Dour , tend to wear out their welcome .
Fans and newcomers to N'dour 's music will be equally enthralled by the finely observed , patiently wrought documentary .
Though we see the same man throughout the bumpy tour captured here -- always calm , steady , faithful -- it 's bound to prove an enlightening portrait for those who know him only as the guy who once worked with Peter Gabriel .
The performance excerpts , starting with the head-clearing invocational introduction , are by far the most interesting part of the show .
It becomes gratingly obvious fairly early on that N'Dour 's faith and nationality reside within the many nebulous blind spots of occidental awareness , to the point where filmed rituals virtually demand a glossary .
Director Elizabeth Chai Vasarhelyi 's passion for her devout Sufi Muslim subject blinds her to a need for shaping a coherent story in a puffy documentary that goes slack with gooey adulation more often than not .
We in the West are afforded songs from Africa 's most celebrated singer , a man with not only great pipes but with a soulful message of peace and tolerance .




@highlight

It never gets close enough to its subject , and it 's curiously light on music , but this documentary is nonetheless a long-overdue tribute to a brilliant musician .