A modest effort but a good one . It may be the first film in history that starts at the top , goes steadily downhill , and still stays interesting along the way .
The movie avoids the cheerleading approach of today ` s sports sagas -LRB- Rocky , etc. -RRB- , but it has a fascinating ending , and is very satisfying .
This skiing potboiler from Robert Redford 's production company , Wildwood , has the whiff of vanity about it .
A sports movie that tweaks the formula just enough to make a personal , thoughtful film without refuting genre expectation .
It 's the little things that create this film 's powerful atmosphere , and as a result the action sequences are all the more gripping .
One of the great unheralded films of the late '60s .
We share the skier 's point of view . We hear every whoosh and scrape . When a skier wipes out on the slopes , it 's the real deal . Watching this film , I often felt like I should be wearing a helmet .
Downhill Racer does n't always work ... As a look at how -LSB- Robert -RSB- Redford 's character and those orbiting him spend their time between runs , however , it 's superb .
Several shots are positively astonishing when you consider that they are in no way manipulated or digitally altered , simply a man on skis flying down a hill with a 40-pound film camera in his hands .
Redford 's matinee looks are more than just Hollywood casting in this context ; the film never says it in so many words , but it 's clear that Chappellet 's popularity is as much for his good looks as for his success .
The sort of somber , minimalist drama that can only be found in the cinema of the late 1960s and early '70s .
It 's better than most sports films since it avoids sentimentality and falsely romanticizing its unsympathetic egotistical hero .
... the downhill runs are shot and edited with a visceral quality that takes us off the sidelines and into the skier 's perspective .
could be lumped into the convenient category of `` uplifting sports drama , '' but in fact is a challenging deconstruction of all the underdog clichés associated with that genre
Downhill Racer stands as lean condemnation of the calculating underdog clichés Rocky would bring make the norm .
An influential and extremely well-done sports film , worth watching even if you do n't normally enjoy films of this type .
An intriguing film that balances skiing and the majesty of Alpine scenery with an absorbing story of hero Robert Redford , young American innocent abroad .
The location skiing sequences , revealing Ritchie 's background and interest in documentary styles , are simply astounding , even for those with little interest in the sport .
Downhill Racer succeeds with sometimes chilling efficiency . Within the limits imposed by the tangential nature of its insights , it is a very good movie .
The best movie ever made about sports -- without really being about sports at all .
Redford , just breaking into superstardom , gives one of his cool , self-centred , cynical performances as an undisciplined Olympic skier .
Robert Redford as the world 's most unlikable skier !





@highlight

Downhill Racer plunges the viewer thrillingly into the action of the sport -- and continues to hold the attention as a thoughtful drama .