The many laughs come in disbelieving gasps , but the film also has more heart than its hero .
Listen Up Philip -LSB- is -RSB- an uneven mixture of satire and homage .
Woody Allen , Wes Anderson , Noah Baumbach and Lena Dunham rolled into one -- and if that sounds like too much , well , it is ! Jason Schwartzman stars as a pretentious writer .
A clever and entertaining look to the intellectual and pretentious world of Manhattan . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Like its central character , Listen Up Philip exudes a kind of highbrow affectation that charms more than it alienates .
Alex Ross Perry certainly offers a nod to a handful of directors , but has crafted something wholly his own with Listen Up Philip .
Well-written , strongly acted , and often very funny ...
With Listen Up Philip -LSB- Alex Ross Perry is -RSB- certainly speaking a truth , and doing so with a rare , unflinching honesty , even if it 's sometimes hard to watch Philip 's tragically miserable existence unfold .
Listen Up Philip is an astute , quietly complex and richly absorbing study of creative success , with note-perfect performances from a superb ensemble .
If the point of Listen Up Philip is that talented people can also be colossal jerks - well , that 's about as eye-opening as saying that pizza is a hugely popular menu item .
A scalding look at a writer 's life
It 's a relief when the narrative abandons its verbose antiheroes and turns instead to Moss 's silently expressive face , which speaks volumes .
Perhaps the most telling criticism is that Listen Up Philip feels most enjoyable during its least characteristic moments
Happily stuck in a literary era from before he was born , Perry never seems starry-eyed -- Listen Up Philip may be the most lucid film ever made about the modern fiction publishing industry , not that it has much competition .
It 's as if Woody Allen dipped his pen in cyanide and directed a film in which the pithy misanthropy of Philip Roth has seeped into every frame .
Listen Up Philip dares to suggest that allowing asshats to wallow in their own crapulence can actually be consoling for everyone who found themselves on the receiving end . And , in the end , are n't we all asshats ?
When it comes to intimidating emotional blankness , no one is more skilled than Jason Schwartzman .
The film does n't have a single remotely sympathetic character , and its sense of humour is so lip-chappingly dry every ticket should come with a complimentary jar of Vaseline .
With its portentous narration and bike-riding/book writing aesthetic , this third feature from Alex Ross Perry is a masterclass in tarnished twee .
It is a rare filmmaker who can effortlessly glide between so many different psyches in such an insightful and witty way .
Ultimately , this has the feel of a lazy literary adaptation of a half-remembered novel .
-LSB- Schwartzman 's -RSB- unique humour and unexplainable charm are hard to resist .
What gives Listen up Philip an edge is its willingness to defy this convention .
The film 's scarce glimpses of humanity should add up to more , but ultimately , Listen Up Philip leaves us wondering why we bothered to care .
There have been many films , such as ` The Artist ' which heap a lot of praise on artists like this , but very few films like this one -LRB- ` Inside Llewyn Davis ' would be another -RRB- that show the darker side of the creative mind .
There 's something amiss here , something that Eric Bogosian 's frequent voiceover intrusions ca n't adequately explain , even when spelling out Philip 's and others ' inner thoughts and feelings .
The title refers to Philip Roth , whose signature is written all over the film 's two male protagonists
Schwartzman is perfectly cast as self-absorbed novelist Phillip Lewis Friedman in this mumblecore infused talker .
While it eventually falls apart , the feature sustains an intriguing personality and daredevil tone , asking the audience to spend time with total jerk and enjoy it .
If Philip showed a bit of personality beyond being a boor and a bore , he might be worth almost two hours of attention .
Assuming provocation is the film 's mission , consider it accomplished , even if it 's not always original , or pleasant .
Perry 's acerbic sense of the literary/academic lifestyle - which , oddly enough , involves less actual writing and teaching than drinking and `` thinking '' - is both exceptionally funny and deeply sad .
The humor of the film comes not quite from wit -- the character is n't witty so much as preciously clever -- but from the sheer audacity of his blindered awfulness and entitled victimhood .
Schwartzman is never anything less than completely convincing as a brilliant , short-tempered New York writer with a very mean streak .
Loaded with inside jokes and clever references , it 's a meta megathon of Rothian quirks and misanthropy engineered to fit snuggly into Jason Schwartzman 's eccentric wheelhouse .
Despite some scattered big laughs from this collection of insufferable characters , we too often laugh at them rather than with them , and the tedious film ultimately suffocates from its quirks .
It 's like a lost collaboration between Woody Allen and John Cassavetes , filtered through a lens of semi-ironic nostalgia .
The best movie based on Philip Roth does n't come from a Philip Roth novel . It 's `` Listen Up Philip . ''
The moral of the story ? You may admire the work of great artists , but do n't date one .
Incisive , brutal and often very funny .
Why would anyone want to spend time with these people ? Because they 're fools with great gifts , and Perry almost lovingly explores the gulf between the beauty with which they create and the smallness with which they live .
The creative elite of New York are always a prime target for satire -- so much money , yet so much malaise -- but they 're rarely hit as mercilessly as in Alex Ross Perry 's Listen Up Philip .
You know those movies about an abrasive curmudgeon who , in the end , redeems himself and becomes a caring person ? `` Listen Up Philip '' is emphatically not one of those movies .
There 's incendiary comedy in the fierce hostility of young New York writer Philip , and Schwartzman , a specialist in intelligent but hostile male characters , with streaks of sweetness beneath misguided cruelty , has invested himself in a role among roles .
This is the closest any film has come to apprehending Roth 's fiction .
Alex Ross Perry follows his impressive The Color Wheel with this magnificently observed study of people trapped in uncomfortable spaces with one another .
This non-brave , non-new world emphasizes Perry 's understanding that the lining of every bloated ego is insecurity , and Listen Up Philip works not just as comedy but also as tragedy .
Written and directed by Alex Ross Perry , Listen Up Philip looks like the kind of movie film classes would study in the 1970s .
Moss is terrific , as usual .
But while you 'd think audiences would barely even register a cad any more , two new movies - ` Listen Up Philip ' and ` Force Majeure ' - resurrect the breed with leading men who are almost impossible to empathize with , but compelling nonetheless
A very entertaining black comedy for very mysterious reasons .
While the intolerance fueling this dark , existential comedy wo n't be to everyone 's liking , the film 's cerebral beat-down is a strange and sardonic thing of beauty .
How you respond to `` Listen Up Philip '' might depend on how you respond to a complex , intelligent but thoroughly annoying person who gets up in your face at a party .
As a rising young novelist in the Philip Roth vein , Schwartzman delivers Perry 's dyspeptic , neurotic , supremely arrogant dialogue even better than Perry himself did in the earlier movie .
Writer-director Perry has made a bracing and very Roth-y study of ambition and itchy literary yearning .
`` Listen Up Philip '' works as satire , but it 's also as big and messy as one of its novelists ' novels .
`` Listen Up Philip '' wants to say something meaningful about human relationships . But like a frustrated writer staring at a blank piece of paper , the words just never appear .
Uncomfortable ? Sure . But it 's also kind of fantastic .
A spiky movie about the pointlessness of pettiness .
a comedic caution on the self destructive inclinations of the ego
A celebration of male arrogance that pretends to be a condemnation . Because who would n't love to spend 108 minutes with an insufferable egotistical ` genius ' ?
Gives itself the challenge of making us care about a repugnant ass , and succeeds brilliantly . I loved that this film zigs rather than zagging
I have n't seen Alex Ross Perry 's earlier films Impolex and The Color Wheel , but this makes me feel like catching up .
Listen Up Philip , the third feature from writer/director Alex Ross Perry , may be this year 's most unpleasant movie I 've nonetheless thoroughly enjoyed .
Despite Philip and Ike 's deep-set stubbornness , however , the experience of watching Listen Up Philip feels like a revelation .
A masterpiece .
Shot in a 1970s , John Cassavettes style with hand-held cameras and lots of beautiful film grain , Listen Up Philip is often funny and fascinating .
A rueful , remarkable film about how success can feel like defeat . It 's funny as hell , but funny in that way where the laughs catch in your throat .
This romantic egotist is not romantic at all but so shallow that his tearjerker bed story of the accident that deprived him in one blow of parents and unborn sibling rings tasteless and false .
A central figure who 's all bad is even more boring than one who 's all good . He has no dramatic stature . He 's a case study . The audience should be paid to listen up .
The movie works on a couple of levels at once , being not only a Rothian story , but a kind of story about Roth - or any writer who 's sometimes found it easier to focus on pages than people .
The terrific cast all delves into the material full-bore , which contributes to its peculiar resonance .
-LSB- T -RSB- he film 's single-minded depiction of Philip 's poisonous personality is almost as fascinating as the character is unpleasant .
The vainglorious pas de deux between Philip and Zimmerman is entertaining for a while , though the novelty gradually wears off .
Jason Schwartzman is deadpan dynamite in Alex Ross Perry 's poisonous valentine to the New York literary scene . Some audiences just do n't cotton to movies with flawed characters you love to hate . Pussies .
If you 've ever sat in a focus group and said , `` I wish the characters were more likable , '' this is not the movie for you .
As a portrait of a fading scene , it 's a celebration and a desecration at the same time .
In the end , Listen Up Philip is an idiosyncratic comedy-drama that is inexplicably seductive , despite its off-putting elements .
Words do more than hurt , they also slash and burn in this sharp , dyspeptic , sometimes gaspingly funny exploration of art and life , men and women , being and nonbeing , and the power and limits of language .
Hardly anyone will feel neutral about this deliberately unfriendly film , but if you do n't respond to it with revulsion you 'll probably think it 's one of the most ambitious and exciting American films of the year .
It 's a movie of aftermaths-yet it crackles with a sense of immediacy , the handheld camera pushing its way into tight emotional spaces , framing the actors in revealing and unflattering close-up .
As uncomfortably funny as the film is , it is n't really a comedy . It 's a character study of an unlikable narcissist whose obliviousness to other people 's feelings happens to be hilarious .
A movie that starts appealingly but gradually comes to seem closed and stuck .
So much cynicism might be unbearable were it not for the sure hand of director Perry . He , along with narrator Eric Bogosian , approaches the intellectually brilliant , emotionally empty antihero with bemusement .
A dreadfully depressing screen portrait of a thoroughly obnoxious fiction writer .
Perry does n't care to make his hero cute or conventionally redeemable in any way , and he does n't turn away from the emotional wreckage he leaves in his wake .
Perry ... draws out one of Schwartzman 's most human performances .
A juvenile experiment in pretentious idiosyncrasy by amateurish writer-director Alex Ross Perry .
It 's a movie that loves boldly `` important '' '70s - style dust jackets , loves its own lecturing voice -LRB- courtesy of neurotic narrator Eric Bogosian -RRB- and somehow makes that mélange strangely appealing .
Listen Up Philip feeds off the same fidgety , anxiety-driven humor that drove so many of Woody Allen 's classics in the 1970s .
The film feels very intimate , something largely helped by the hand-held , often shaky , camerawork and 16 mm print and everything works to add a greater intimacy to Philip 's life .
Though far from perfect , Alex Ross Perry 's new comedy , Listen Up Philip , has a distinct visual style and a biting commentary on the narcissistic mindset of creative people , making it a very enjoyable watch .
By putting so much weight on his characters ' speech , Alex Ross Perry 's is an approach with honestly few contemporaries in American independent film .
What may be one of Jason Schwartzman 's funniest roles to date .
The film feeds off Philip 's tart anti-energy ; it helps that Schwartzman , in what might be the performance of his career , gives an exhilarating charge even to his ill-tempered sulks .
Jason Schwartzman shines as a self-absorbed writer who does n't quite learn the err of his ways in Alex Ross Perry 's sharp and darkly funny third feature .
Listen Up Philip is either one of the funniest dramas or bleakest comedies of the year .
Alex Ross Perry 's third feature film is his most narratively satisfying and intellectually demanding one , demonstrating a maturation in both style and substance .
Schwartzman is absolute perfect casting .
Listen Up Philip is the third feature from Alex Ross-Perry , the new master of the awkward and uncomfortable cinematic experience .
I ca n't think of a recent movie that stages with as much joy and wonder the sense of living a life that becomes , directly or obliquely , in action or in idea , the stuff of art .
-LSB- An -RSB- indisputably talented work for its risk-taking , dark humor and barbed portraiture of creative individuals ...
Frequently viciously cruel and hilarious , imbued by a cynical New York City , Listen Up Philip is a vital step forward for an exciting new talent .
A deeply misanthropic portrait of narcissism , the brittle nature of artistic talent and the struggles of living in New York City , this toxic comedy pulls very few punches when it needs to get really nasty .

@highlight

As thought-provoking as it is uncompromising , Listen Up Philip finds writer-director Alex Ross Perry taking a creative step forward while hearkening back to classic neurotic comedies of '70s cinema .