If this is what the future holds for both franchises , then today 's youngsters are welcome to it .
Aliens VS Predator - Requiem is the second film in the over hyped and under performing crossover series , which brings nothing new to the table while tarnishing the franchises ' original films .
In a word , repugnant .
... an utterly needless sequel that 's sure to disappoint fans of both franchises ...
Well , it 's official : the Road to Hell is pretty much paved over ... the Strause Brothers ... expressed their -LSB- good -RSB- intention to return to the dark , scary tone of 1979 's Alien , yet Requiem is just about as bad as its 2004 predecessor .
Too underlit to qualify as splatter , too bloodless to qualify as fun , too unaware of its own idiocy to be enjoyed Grindhouse-style , AvP : R is a real education in the finer stratifications of badness .
Does Alien vs. Predator : Requiem spell the end of the dual-monster franchise ? Let 's hope so
i want more aliens fewer people !
Well , there 's not much to see here . And I mean that literally .
Un spectacle insipide , ennuyant à mourir et de très mauvais goût
I 'm left wondering why I felt like I was watching two different movies that never quite came together as a parallel arc beyond the clunky `` They 're all fighting personal wars '' motif ...
Aliens vs. Predator - Requiem is literally shrouded in darkness , and the only explicable reason for this pitch-black visual schema is that the filmmakers understood it was better if no one could see the **** they were shooting .
With a spike in the gore quotient , hardcore fans left baying for Paul WS Anderson 's blood after the first AVP may be happy . Those interested in anything more than a barely comprehensible bitch-slap between two ill-treated icons should take a rain-check .
At best the movie 's an unpretentious pile-up of B-movie clichés , but why `` Requiem '' ? Time to give it a rest now .
The world 's most illogical and boring action-horror grudge-match between two dull trademarked franchise monsters is back on .
A mindless distraction .
This feature directing debut from former visual effects men Colin and Greg is enjoyable enough in rudimentary tension/splatter/scrap terms , but it still does n't live up to its heritage .
Fans deserve better .
Scriptwriter Shane Salerno 's dialogue is unspeakable , the visceral horror all too familiar , and the ideas distinctly second-hand .
An early but strong contender for worst movie of 2008 .
... wastes no money on stars , no time on plot or character , and no lighting on the set ...
Again , the Aliens are slapdash in their rampaging and the Predator is relatively moral , holding to strict rules of hunting .
... why not just film an intergalactic reality show where eager young predators can prove their worth for fabulous prizes by surviving 24 hours on the alien homeworld ?
The Old School nondigital face-huggings and chest-burstings do n't compensate for the Sci Fi network dialogue and story logic .
Fez com que eu percebesse que , de repente , estar no meio de uma guerra entre duas criaturas mortais pode não ser um destino tão horrível como eu imaginava . Ao menos , eu estaria livre de acompanhar esta série .
The mechanics of it are so aggravating that by the time you get to an actual throw-down , it 's all but impossible to care about how poorly lit the rumble is .
The film 's production values are good , but the goings-on are laughable , if not downright boring .
Aliens vs. Predator : Requiem is a B movie that truly earns its B.
Beast vs. beast , and it 's not compelling in the least . Studio Fox rolls its two rampaging monster franchises out of cryo-stasis in this clunky and dumb sequel to the clunky and dumb 2004 eyesore , Alien vs. Predator
The film is competently executed , occasionally scary and frequently fun to watch , no matter whether you choose to laugh at or with it .
Taking a cue from the Requiem of the title , it may be time to put these Aliens and Predators to rest once and for all .
After Aliens vs. Predator : Requiem it would be best to simply retire both these by-now over-familiar movie monsters ...
Mean-spirited , gloomy and ineptly made by the Brothers Strause , who here find themselves promoted from special-effects experts to filmmakers -LRB- in name at least -RRB- .
I ca n't recommend it as a good movie on its own merits , stocked as it is with cardboard cutout characters and a barely coherent plot , but it 's miles more interesting than the last Alien vs. Predator film
Left a bland aftertaste in my mind .
A worse AVP film than the first one just could n't be made . Except that , impossibly , it has .
Someone needs to tell these warring extraterrestrials that it 's time to give peace a chance .
None of the aliens or predators have one whit of personality or individualism , and the human actors might as well have been cardboard cutouts with empty thought-bubbles .
Not so much a movie as much as it is a series of blurs and shapes moving quickly across a screen .
Now the studio has smartly served up an R-rated sequel so the blood could flow , and it does . Unfortunately , it does n't flow with much imagination .
Indifference is the name of the game across the board , really .
The door is left open for another sequel ; if someone would kindly shut it and board it up , that would be much appreciated .
Chopped down to 40 minutes , this could be a wickedly cool short ; as is , it 's a passable slasher that 's still nowhere near the interspecies smackdown we geeks have long imagined .
I ca n't say for sure what the ` Requiem ' in the film 's title refers to , though we can only hope it means it will be the last in the series .
Ho , ho , ho -- the joke 's on anyone who pays to see this .
Occasionally , the filmmakers reveal a cheeky willingness to upend genre conventions , particularly when bending the rules regarding who lives and who dies in this sort of pic .
Delivers what it promises and not much more .
Chocolate-and-peanut-butter franchise mash-up corrects its most recent predecessor 's PG-13 rating , but offers up neither originality nor knockout execution .
It may not be classic sci-fi like the original Alien , which it has in its DNA , but it 's a perfectly respectable next step in the series .
The action is rendered with such disconcertingly low light levels -- and of course there is heavy rain for the climatic sequences -- that it can be a strain to simply see what is occurring on-screen . Then again , maybe that 's for the best .
So lacking in imagination is this movie that the Brothers Strause and writer Shane Salerno keep scrambling back to the original movie for inspiration .
That the first of many rote ` chest-burster ' shots occurs 15 seconds into the movie is but one indication of the latest instalment 's poverty of fresh shocks and rank air of desperation .
With much of the action taking place at night and in the rain , it 's already difficult enough to tell what 's going on without the tight frames and quick cuts of the battle scenes .
The problems with the movie are twofold and easy to spot : the acting stinks and you ca n't understand what 's going on .
Other than that , there really is n't anything to say . AvP : R is a messy combination of horror cliché and Irwin Allen-style hyperbole that goes nowhere and does nothing . I suggest you avoid it .
This is n't so much an Alien or Predator styled flick we were all hoping for . Instead , half of the plot plays out like a John Hughes nightmare circa 1988 .
Where does this movie rank in the grand pantheon of Alien and Predator movies ? Next to last . It 's still better than ALIEN RESURRECTION .
It makes Alien Vs. Predator look like Alien or Predator by comparison .
If your ONLY complaint about Alien vs. Predator is that it was n't graphically violent enough , then you 're going to love this movie .
Not good , mind you , but probably about as efficient an example of an unnecessary sequel as was possible under the circumstances .
It 's a Wonderful Life is no longer the most depressing Christmas movie ever made .
The result is a complete hash .
What better way to celebrate Christ 's birth than watching two warring alien races kicking the holy hell out of each other ?
Scares are few and far between . Suspense is in short supply . As for the battle sequences pitting the slimy aliens against the metal-geared predator , they are plentiful but forgettable , nondescript freneticism shot in murky lighting .
A perfect example of how studio stupidity and fanboy obsession can ruin cinema .
Despite what the harsher R-rating recommends , it 's not really advisable that anyone over the age of 17 see this movie .
A movie every bit as awkward and laborious as its unwieldy , ridiculous title .
A vile , joyless , murky , moronic , amateurish , contemptuous , numbing , unintentionally hilarious , and thoroughly diseased motion picture ... a middle-finger to the paying crowd .
An uninventive , unexciting and ultimately ineffective follow-up ... We can only hope that the sub-title means that this moneymaking farce is finally over .
Respectable attempt to revive these two flagging franchises fares only slightly better than its predecessor , but still fails to generate an ounce of suspense or thrills .

@highlight

The increased gore and violence over the first Alien vs. Predator ca n't excuse Requiem 's disorientating editing , excessively murky lighting , and lack of new ideas .