The potential it has to be an adult thriller is ruined because it 's just more teen marketed crap .
The unanswered questions in the original added to the mood , but by trying to answer even just a few of them , this Pulse just gets more confusing and less scary .
Boring youth movies are the result of boring youth characters .
... the requisite happy ending smacks of studio interference ...
Aparentemente , não há aparelho moderno que seja imune à invasão de fantasmas dispostos a utilizá-lo a fim de se espalharem pelo mundo .
It helps that the hot blonde is Kristen Bell -LRB- `` Veronica Mars '' -RRB- who can basically do anything -LRB- she even sings - see `` Reefer Madness '' -RRB- and remain effortlessly adorable and charming .
Decent horror remake with a strong cast , atmospheric direction and some genuinely scary scenes - you 'll never log on to your computer again . Probably .
As the ghosts suck the life out of their victims , the audience suffers the same fate .
To add to the insult there is n't even some nudity . .
A remake that ai n't an upgrade .
Do n't get me wrong . This is n't a BAD film , just not particularly good .
A curiously dull Americanization of one of the finest examples of subtle , moody J-horror out there .
A handful of creepy visuals ca n't make up for a mountain of shortcomings .
As is frequently the case with remakes , it probably would have been better to have let the original rest in peace .
... in the ranks of J-horror remakes , -LSB- Pulse -RSB- ca n't compete with The Ring and The Grudge .
The film frames its horror as if the ghosts are so many Pinocchios , yearning for what seems inherently valuable to humans .
Dead on arrival .
It would have been a lot scarier if the film 's college kids , haunted by comrades who stare back at them from cyber-hell , looked like they had lives worth saving .
The remake begins with the same premise and appropriates the most striking visuals , grafting them onto a more explicable but equally dull George Romero-style doomsday scenario .
The film cleverly attempts to make technology as scary as the ghosts , but those most likely to fear technology are least likely to see it .
What was dreadful and trance-like in the original feels here like nothing-much-at-all sandwiched between some stock horror jolts .
A cheap , hollow shell of the terrifying and intellectually engaging Japanese film on which it 's based .
For all those defects , Pulse is entertaining enough , providing one wants nothing more than an undemanding diversion .
Even at its worst , it 's entertaining , but the missed opportunity of the truly great horror film it might have been gnaws at you .
Pulse is dead on arrival .
The J-horror remake wheel spins again , spitting out this pathetic Americanization of Kiyoshi Kurosawa 's apocalyptic fable .
Neat idea ; horrible execution . No wonder the studio could n't -LRB- decide -RRB- where to unload this turkey .
You are likely to feel excluded from the experience the characters are having because none of their fear is vicariously transposed onto you .
Like so many stateside remakes of celebrated Japanese horror pictures , the American version of Pulse foregoes the original 's thematic underpinnings in favor of cheap scares .
As usual , this cheaply made PG-13 horror flick is all atmosphere and no horror .
The technophobic horror flick Pulse is a cautionary tale that could have been dreamed up by a frustrated parent : If you do n't get off of that computer , kids , you 'll turn into a zombie .
Most contemporary Japanese horror movies concentrate on mood and do n't much bother with plot . But this brain-dead remake is full of yammering about suicide clusters , flu epidemics and hard drives .
Hideously ugly to look at and not even worth following .
Hollywood 's slick-looking but dumbed-down remake , directed by first-time feature filmmaker and commercial veteran Jim Sonzero , hits a new low .
The subtle mystery of the original is lost through over-the-top scenes .
The American version of Kiyoshi Kurosawa 's Pulse mimics the plot fundamentals , but lacks any traces of Mr. Kurosawas creepy minimalism and conceptual rigor .
Pulse is most cunning in its overarching theme : What Americans have to fear most are hidden dangers in their midst .
What 's the lesson here ? Should we all be talking to each other with two cans and a string ?
Like Naomi Watts and Sarah Michelle Gellar before her , Bell spends this Hollywood remake of a Japanese cult hit at an emotional dead end .
The new American remake is a soulless imitation .
It 's an awful way for it all to crumble down into nothingness , and had director Jim Sonzero managed to hold it together for just a teensy bit longer I 'd have been more than willing to give Pulse a pass .
The Internet is trying to kill you . Your cellphone also seems to be nursing a serious grudge . They may both be conspiring with your Blackberry ... and your TiVo ... and possibly your washing machine .
Sitting through this movie is a joyless chore . Pulse does n't have one .
The movie is far from great , but it certainly holds your attention .
This story should have been condensed down to fifteen minutes as a setup for a new kind of zombie film .
completely unconvincing and almost prodigiously unscary .
A dumbed-down remake of Kiyoshi Kurosawa 's disturbingly abstract Japanese horror film .
Pulse is n't awful . It 's just an uninspired fright-fest with ghouls we 've seen before and not enough creative style to make us forget that fact .
Ideally a horror movie will make your heart race , but as it turns out , Pulse barely has one .
The idea is better than the execution , unfortunately , although director Jim Sonzero does create a few extremely eerie moments .
Fails to find the relevancy it desires and the momentum it needs , all the while unleashing a series of hoary teen thriller clichés and cheap throwaway jump scares .
This techno-themed horror film is n't nearly as scary as watching your computer crash .
Sonzero flubs the icy scares by turning the dead into garden-variety life-force vampires instead of haunting , pathetically melancholy ghosts whose lonely afterlife would have given Sartre himself a cold chill .
It 's intended as an indictment of our overdependence on communications devices , but the premise is out-of-this-world unbelievable .
An hour into the movie , I shut out the story and dialogue entirely and just focused on the visuals . That made the boring Bell and the cast of third-string teen movie supporting players somehow easier to bear .
Pulse is the remake of a 2001 J-horror film that was derivative and pokey , even before Hollywood got its hands on it .
What 's the point in warning of the perils of the information age by creating a scareless , formulaic film that fits so snugly into the thoughtless consumerism of the culture you 're trying to criticize ?
Riddled with obtuse plotting and a noticeable lack of continuity , Pulse steams forward with such unabashed inanity , you really have to give your brain a rest to even make it to the end .
This domestic redo of Kurosawa 's ghost story is a reasonably sinister scary movie that faithfully taps into its predecessor 's existential dread and distrust of technology .
Captures almost none of the original 's ambience , piling on the rote , head-banging shocks in lieu of clammy ambiguity .
Pulse is a lesson in Horror Filmmaking 101 - a generic , uninspired slog through just about every single genre cliché ever committed to celluloid .
A creepy , clever thriller is re-envisioned into the type of cliché-filled teen horror movie that Wes Craven spoofed in the Scream movies .
It was hard to find the pulse in this tame remake .
Pulse , co-written by horror maven Wes Craven , is no Scream - but that does n't mean it 's not a scream all the same .
What really separates it from the pack is its thematically rich exploration of how communications technology can unwittingly bring about a sort of cultural death .








@highlight

Another stale American remake of a successful Japanese horror film , Pulse bypasses the emotional substance of the original and overcompensates with pumped-up visuals and every known horror cliche .