A starring vehicle for an aging star who receives deafening awards buzz not so much for the performance than , it seems , for simply being alive .
It 's a pleasure to have Peter O'Toole 's company here - likely for the last time in a role of such magnitude & majesty , bangs still swept back in boyish wisps and his sky-blue eyes vibrant and hungry . A loving , lyrical , eloquent sonnet to elderly sunsets .
Worth seeing for O'Toole 's incorrigible twilight jesting
While age may have devoured O'Toole 's youth , it has been utterly unable to touch his blistering talent , or his eyes which still sparkle with rakish light .
The only thing that resonated with me was O'Toole , who is at his playful best playing a role made to order for him of the boozer rascal who could charm a snake .
Zinger lines , wonderful performances and a profound emotional authenticity distinguish a film about the relationship between an old actor and a young woman .
Superb acting on life 's journey ; not for kids .
Una comedia dramática agridulce donde brilla con luz propia el formidable Peter O'Toole , en un papel que tiene mucho de sí mismo .
There is consequently an authenticity to the movie that 's intensified by O'Toole 's expectedly masterful performance ...
What makes Venus unforgettable is not the fine direction and script , or Vanessa Redgrave 's startling cameo as Maurice 's suffering ex-wife , or Whittaker 's award-worthy debut ; it 's that the viewer ca n't draw a line between O'Toole 's career and Maurice 's .
... neither a romance nor a comedy but an engaging slice of life , a charming treat that reminds us how fragile life is .
He quotes Shakespeare ; she quotes Kylie Minogue.The plot takes an awkward turn about two-thirds of the way through , but up until then , Kureishi 's screenplay offers an intriguing contrast of styles .
O'Toole 's performance is full of wit and vigor and , even at Maurice 's weakest , there is a sense of a man who lived life fully and partook of every pleasure available .
Not winning the Oscar takes nothing away from Peter O'Toole 's unforgettable performance as Maurice , a gifted , once devastatingly handsome man who , as the doleful lyrics of a recent Morrissey song state , falls in love even as he lies on his deathbed .
Vênus se salva do fracasso graças ao veterano Peter O'Toole , que oferece uma performance digna do homem responsável por encarnar figuras inesquecíveis como T.E. Lawrence , o Rei Henry II e mesmo o absurdo Eli Cross .
Venus is n't just a small-scale character study , but a thing of beauty to be treasured -- just like its star .
A movie that recognizes that in old age , our minds might remain bright with humor and mischief , but our bodies nevertheless betray us . Coming to terms with that gives `` Venus '' its emotional final act .
The film is engaging . There is a good deal of humanity and a bit of nostalgia .
Peter O'Toole so completely throws himself into the role of Maurice ... that the only response is to suspect that he is letting us see the real man behind the actorly mask ...
So many movies presume to instruct us on how to be young , and to insist we remain that way . Here 's a rare picture that with all due respect -- and all due irreverence -- would like to suggest one vital way of being old .
There are scenes in Venus when rational thought seems lost to something more powerful , and ambiguous .
Newcomer Jodie Whittaker fulfills the elusive arc of her budding character , but it is the great Peter O'Toole who makes every ticking of the clock seem a momentous occasion in this nuanced drama about the power of the female body to inspire .
... a sentimental contrivance that turns into a dirty old man 's fantasy .
Venus is a tender and poignant film and O'Toole carries it
The film positively invigorates , largely because of O'Toole 's Oscar-nominated performance , which is wise even when his character is n't .
Venus oozes charm and life and even a bit of touching sadness . You 'll find virtually none of the distasteful sleaze one might expect from what could be perceived as a portrait of ` a dirty old man . '
O'Toole spent so many years being better than the little material that he was offered that it 's heartening to see him sprint toward the finish of his career with such a flourish . If this is his curtain call , it 's a glorious one .
Venus proves that O'Toole is still one of the best actors in the world . He acts more with his quivering mouth and probing gaze than most actors can reciting the most dramatic Shakespeare text .
Venus is well-acted but unsatisfying . It seems to exist mainly as a last-ditch effort to push O'Toole toward the podium .
If only -LSB- director -RSB- Michell 's film actually said something about aging , and did n't feel the need to include Grumpy Old Men shtick and bland bossa nova-inflected pop .
Venus belongs to O'Toole . This is , hands down , my favorite performance of the year , largely because I love the way O'Toole -LRB- and the filmmakers -RRB- refuse to yield to the all-too-pervasive idea that it 's ` icky ' for old people to even think about sex .
Some will see this as a poignant portrait of age . It just depressed me , and the thought that the 74-year-old O'Toole may end his career with this role makes me sad .
It comes as a pleasant shock , actually , to see newcomer Whittaker holding her actorly own against the icon O'Toole .
What Venus lacks as a work of consequence it makes up for with the performance of Peter O ' Toole in a role he was born 74 years ago to play .
The film has O'Toole , who 's as riveting as ever . Fans of the much-nominated actor will be happy to see that advancing age has n't diminished his ability .
O'Toole manages to appear mischievous without succumbing to cuteness and formidable without seeming pretentious . He drinks frequently onscreen , as if to inoculate himself against the story 's potential for sentiment .
... a disturbing and challenging film about a randy old pervert and his knowing final conquest
In her own way , Whittaker is as strong as O'Toole , and the chemistry they develop forges a heartbreaking bond .
Peter O'Toole crafts a May-December romance with geriatric fervor and large dollop of self-effacing humor .
Every adjective I can think of to describe the movie applies to O'Toole 's performance , too : funny , endearing , good-natured , classy , and erudite .
A witty and delicately handled faltering romance . Delightful .
A singularly disagreeable movie .
A threadbare comedy-drama , with an insubstantial story and the patronising , post-Pygmalion theme of a working-class slob being reformed by the power of art .
Like a variation on Death in Venice , only this could be Death in Kentish Town .
Paraphrasing Henry , white hairs well become this fool and jester .
Peter O'Toole is surpassingly good in Venus .
O'Toole is absolutely magnificent ...
The best tunes are played on the oldest fiddles , they say , and Peter O'Toole , 74 , proves the point in Venus .
Venus is a fine reminder of the wonders we 're presented with every day .
Venus is emotionally affecting , not because O'Toole 's Maurice is coping with mortality , but because of the honest way he confronts it .
Because it 's built around theater people , Kureishi 's script offers ample opportunities for amusing repartee , and the performances are strong ...
Venus succeeds because there is no hint of smugness in sight .
The film gives Mr. O'Toole all the space he needs to prove that his craft is still fresh and virile .
With his intelligent and soulful performance , O'Toole reminds us exactly why he has been nominated for eight Oscars .
Venus showcases all we have come to love about O'Toole - his facile wit , his commitment to a scene , and the same light in his eyes that he had when he played T.E. Lawrence .
Even performances as good as these ca n't totally transcend material that hovers between near farce and tragi-comedy without ever landing on a convincing level .
When all else fails , get the pensioners to swear .
You never know - it might just be eighth time lucky for the old dog come the Oscars .
Although a little contrived in places , and with some dialogue that probably looked better on the page , this is still enjoyable fare that proves there 's plenty of life in the old dogs yet .
Not even O'Toole can salvage this script .
A gentle , funny and melancholy look at the ravages of age and time , with an irresistible star performance at its heart . Oscar prospects , surely ?
He 's got his Oscar nomination , but , if we might politely ask , how much of a stretch can it really be for Peter O'Toole to play a saucy old lush again ?
This is an indulgent movie and needs to be watched in the same spirit .
O'Toole is a lecherous marvel , and worth every ounce of his Oscar nomination for Best Actor .
The brilliant O'Toole shows you 're never too old to have a go , while Kureishi and Michell add another idiosyncratic work to their creative double act .
Who could be better suited than Peter O'Toole to the role of an actor growing old disgracefully ?
The lingering impressions here are of regret , resignation and renewal , the fascination of firm flesh and O'Toole growling ` Come on , old man ! ' as he slaps his own sagging face .
O'Toole revels in the flamboyance without falling into caricature or sentiment .
A loose , shambling framework for the icon to caper , rage , charm , and otherwise do whatever pops into his head at the moment . This is hardly a bad thing .
... if there is one reason to see this occasionally carnal tale of spring-winter desire , it is the performance of O'Toole .
Venus is a modern , vigorous movie ...
The ruined beauty of Peter O'Toole permeates every frame of Venus , a movie that exists for almost no other reason than to allow us to worship at the altar of this incomparable actor .
A screen-acting showcase by a man whose best days , many thought , were behind him . There 's life in the old dog yet .
O'Toole ... has saved some of his finest acting work for this period , deftly weaving between Shakespearean eloquence and foul-mouthed , witty old codger
A non-scientific sample of 10 boomer film fans found that the majority either knew absolutely nothing of the movie or expressed little to no interest in seeing it .
Venus is the type of comic drama that the British do best . It is poignant without dwelling on its poignancy .
Peter O'Toole clearly has fun with the role of an elderly , veteran actor , but he might also be exorcising some personal demons .
Venus director Roger Michell is not above holding the movie out as O'Toole 's swan song , but the movie is so obscenity-laced , so unsentimental -LRB- shot in harsh natural light -RRB- , that it never feels too manipulative .
The great thing about Venus -- apart from its sharp eye for the daily routines and drab details of senior citizenry in a buzzing metropolis -- is that it is n't soppy , or sentimental .
The suggestion that Peter O'Toole is playing some version of his real self in Venus adds a bittersweet poignancy to this quietly affecting British drama .
Peter O'Toole delivers an Oscar-worthy performance that is alternately hilarious and poignant .
Venus adheres to the general parameters of conventional Hollywood with such cheek , intelligence and sheer self-deprecating nastiness that it does more to redeem the fantasy than it does the selfish and vain old geezer who is its beneficiary .
With wonderful testaments like Lawrence , Lion and now Venus , O'Toole will always live on .
Even though Venus does feature a teenager named Jessie , whom O'Toole 's character takes a shine to , the truth is , Jessie is just a stand-in for what Maurice really loves : life .
O'Toole gives a magnificent old-lion performance ... in a role that allows both subtlety and theatrical vigor .
British thesp Peter O'Toole delivers what is possibly the most intimate and honest performance of his career .
Venus wants to be Lost in Translation , but is n't as compelling , tender , or emotional . Instead , it is about 10,000 times creepier .
O'Toole is still a magnificent actor after all these years and he carries the film well .
An edgily charming meditation about the mysteries of attraction .
Peter O'Toole , still a British cinematic lion at 74 , performs another movie miracle in the Roger Michell-Hanif Kureishi film Venus .
Bids a gracious goodbye to adolescence misspent and a defiant ` piss off ' to old age not spent at all .
The movie belongs to O'Toole who gets to strut his stuff and the role has been carefully tailored to his talents .
It makes a nice arc from an entertaining beginning to a bittersweet ending .
This question lingered : why should we even be interested ? Despite some negativity implied in the question , there are a few answers to it that suggest limited success .
O'Toole is still gallant enough to almost , almost redeem the lecherousness .
O'Toole 's luminous presence -- his grace and dignity , his humor and his gravity -- holds the film together and sometimes elevates it to greatness .
You 'd better practice a few acceptance speeches , Mr. O'Toole .
Venus has a swank pedigree , but in this case that does n't mean it 's much more than a quaint machine to elicit tears and awards .
If indeed Venus is his swan song , it resounds with a sweetly magnificent melody . Do n't miss it .
Peter O'Toole 's Maurice is n't one of those stock characters , like the Lovable Codger or the Misanthropic Coot , we know from sweet Britflicks about lives begun at 70 .
O'Toole 's glides through his performance as the twinkling debaucher like a dancer sweeping across a ballroom floor , light on his feet , making it seem easy .
What a piece of work by Peter O'Toole .
Master thespian Peter O'Toole proves he 's still at the top of his game in -LSB- this -RSB- poignant , complicated tale about mortality and passion .
O'Toole is simply remarkable as an aging actor still trying to live life to its fullest . He sets the bar way up there for this year 's Oscar race .
What makes this film the perfect career nightcap for Peter the great is the nimbus of rakish doom he has always cultivated .
Peter O'Toole , looking frail beyond his 74 years , gives what may be his farewell performance as a leading movie actor in Roger Michell 's Venus . It 's one for the books -- and maybe the Oscars , too .
Venus is pitched partly as a fond farewell to a beloved artist -LSB- O'Toole -RSB- , and his whole beautiful generation .
Thanks to its star it possesses both a delicate charm and a poignancy that does n't descend into mawkishness ... O'Toole lights up the screen with masterful understatement .
The performers wrestle the script to the ground ! O'Toole 's best in years .
Even with O'Toole 's charms , this is a story with enormous poor-taste potential . Yet director Roger Michell and writer Hanif Kureishi wisely do n't make this a story about May-December sex .
Venus is sharply written with fine supporting performances , but the movie is all about O'Toole , showcasing an actor who at 72 continues to astound with the depth of his talent .
Venus gives pleasure and then some . It 's a marvelous movie that manages to make you laugh and break your heart all at once as it breezily ruminates on youth and mortality , beauty and brittleness .
Peter O'Toole in an Academy Award caliber performance as a veteran actor who opens our hearts to the bounties of a life animated by kindness and pleasure .
Some moments of Maurice 's breast-squeezing come-ons might unleash a case of the icks . It 's to O'Toole 's credit and ability that the film does n't ultimately slither off the screen .
Within this shamelessly but cautiously lecherous Shakespeare-quoting rascal lies O'Toole himself , proudly not ready to surrender to his own career twilight and the onset of his winter years .
It 's not a masterpiece but it is worth the viewing .
It may be Peter O'Toole 's last truly grand performance .
A modest , diverting , touching tale of a young woman who attracts the interest of an aging actor , played with effortless aplomb by the great Peter O'Toole .
Elegiac , filthy-minded , unsparing , and as deeply moving as you 'd expect from any de facto story of Peter O'Toole 's life .
If only the movie 's story was on par with its grand , charismatic star .
Venus is awash in terrific performances .
Wryly clever comedy - and it would n't surprise me if it augured Oscar nomination # 8 for Peter O'Toole and , perhaps , a win .
The script by Hanif Kureishi is smart , witty , understated and fits O'Toole to a T .
This is a relationship unlike any we 've seen , and it 's a measure of the film 's subtle gifts that it is easier to watch it unfolding than to precisely define what we 're seeing .
Watching the bittersweet exchanges between O'Toole and Vanessa Redgrave , as his former wife , call up memories of a generation of British actors whose graceful style is quickly becoming a distant memory .
In the end , the film is a straight-ahead boy-meets-girl story -- half a century too late .
Maurice , the protagonist of Venus , is a suit lovingly tailored to O'Toole 's ravaged but commanding frame .
In terms of showing viewers that the elderly still have something to offer the youth of today , Venus pummels Rocky Balboa into a bloody pulp .
If Roger Michell 's film never quite musters the energy to be more than a placid hybrid of Nobody 's Fool and Lolita , it nonetheless provides a satisfactory showcase for Peter O'Toole .
O'Toole deserves all the praise he has been getting for this part .
Venus is worth seeing for the scenes between O'Toole and Vanessa Redgrave as the woman he abandoned .
A partially successful Lolita for the geriatric set .
-LSB- O'Toole -RSB- has the power to take this lecherous , sorry old fool and make us feel his weight , but also make him the most charming , most exciting fellow in town .
O'Toole has such a one-of-a-kind face that at times the director , Roger Michell , is content just to have his camera gaze upon it . That puts a burden on O'Toole , who can not , and does n't care to , hide the ravages of time .
Were it not for a brilliant cast , Venus would be too darkly anachronistic and unsatisfying to be entertaining .
... A heartbreaking comedy that is simultaneously funny and sad , raunchy and sweet , funky and elegiac .
Creepy . Repugnant . A septuagenarian lusts for sex from a teenager . She lets him smell her after buying her stuff .
He 's got it ! Yeah , baby , he 's got it ! Here 's your Oscar/Here 's Best Actor/The X-factor
A cleverly written but somewhat muffled paean to sensual appetite .
O'Toole gives a staggering performance -- fearless , defiantly untamed and in its own way a work of art .
Witty dialog and a strong story keep it thoroughly entertaining , as do the sparky performances .
The recognition that Maurice is essentially an extension of the actor playing him reveals an undeniable poignancy that may be impossible to disconnect from reality .
Peter O'Toole famously refused an honorary Oscar on the grounds that he could still win a proper one and on the basis of his performance here , he may well have been right .
Venus is a sublimely directed and acted film , handling what could be seen as a rather controversial storyline -- an octogenarian man hitting on a twenty-something girl -- with ease and finesse .
Genuinely funny , randy and moving by turns , breezily enjoyable throughout .
This early May , late-December romance springs out of a wonderfully wry foundation .
From the team of `` Mother '' comes `` Venus , '' a delicate tale of the bizarre relationship between a crass girl and an aging actor played by Peter O'Toole in a poignant performance that could have easily turn into `` dirty '' old man





@highlight

Audiences may attend to witness Peter O'Toole 's Oscar-worthy performance , but they 'll also be treated to a humane , tender exploration of maturing with both dignity and irreverence .