Celebrates Takei but blithely neglects to probe for any complexity in a man who has surely suffered much .
Can be more of a platform than a chronicle ; its look at homophobia and gay marriage is a bit earnest and over-explained . Still , Takei provides a sharp lens through which to see ethnic and sexual minorities ' progress in America 's post - '50s popular culture .
Before watching this film I thought of Takei as being just another celebrity , but this film makes it clear that Takei is a guy who has done something with his life . He has made his life count for something . He 's a fascinating character .
... a charming look at a man whose charisma and optimism is infectious in his quest to live long and prosper .
No doc could diminish George Takei 's life work , but To Be Takei too often takes dramatic short cuts which undermines its potency .
A lively and warm tribute .
Director Jennifer M. Kroot delivers something that is as profound as it is funny and uplifting .
Despite a slightly meandering structure , To Be Takei is a highly entertaining and moving portrait .
To paraphrase an old speech by our president , only in America is George Takei 's life possible .
With his trademark baritone and focused diction , Takei is a natural storyteller who lends an enjoyable flow to the movie 's uncomplicated proceedings .
To Be Takei is a celebration of a man of great resilience , infectious humor , a voracious appetite for the richness of the human experience , and the best laugh in the history of laughing .
While there 's pathos and tragedy here , there 's also good humor and human strength .
This is a film blessed with excellent footage and plenty of nice moments .
There is a whole lot of Takei in between the early days of Sulu and the current era of hashtagged witticisms , and that is vast middle section is chronicled in the new documentary To Be Takei .
The subject matter in To Be Takei is split almost evenly between important topics and funny moments , but even the darker bits are handled delicately by Kroot .
Another pleasant if disposable portrait .
Even if you 've tired of Takei 's ubiquity online and onscreen , this campy but fond tribute is great fun .
To Be Takei is carried by the magnetic personality of its subject and should entertain anyone who watches it .
This could have easily been a platitudinous , self-important mess , but Kroot does a couple of very savvy things here .
If you do n't know George Takei , and you will never be asked to come over to his house for tea and a pleasant conversation , then To Be Takei is probably the next best thing .
There is n't much effort here to dig deep beyond the surface story , which is undoubtedly inspirational to many . With a subject as charismatic and likable as Takei , I 'm not sure that it really matters .
Conventional documentary or not , I got something of positive value and insight out of `` To Be Takei . ''
William Shatner , it must be said , comes off as an insufferable , pompous jerk .
A hilarious and heartfelt documentary by Jennifer M. Kroot that explores the strange magic that surrounds the icon , and how he 's used his fame to support his causes .
The kaleidoscopic life of the Enterprise 's chauffeur - an Asian and gay showbiz pioneer - is explored in this entertaining but diffuse documentary .
What made and makes Takei a powerful spokesman is obvious in the film .
Chats with `` Trek '' cast members and other Takei friends and supporters , plus a wealth of family and archival photos and footage , complete this lively tribute .
Kroot manages a light touch with what could be a heavy history of civic activism .
Much more than a `` Star Trek '' footnote or a standard coming-out story .
-LSB- Ms. Kroot 's -RSB- banalizing documentary is self-defeating ...
The energetic and upbeat actor is also a same-sex marriage activist and social media superstar . But the outgoing man we meet onscreen also has a quieter side .
It swells the running time with lengthy hang-out scenes with he and Brad , joins him at the barber shop -LRB- twice ! -RRB- and delves into a bizarre and misjudged block of character assassination against William Shatner .
It 's George Takei 's America . We 're just living in it . And getting his autograph .
Like its subject , `` To Be Takei '' is very likable .
Director Jennifer Kroot 's good-natured biography is so appealing that even non-Trekkies may be convinced we needed a full-length documentary about the man who was Sulu .
Takei alternates among admirable but uninspiring lecturing , the usual un-insightfully laudatory talking heads , and the dullest parts of the actor 's days .
The doc works best as a relationship study , filled with endearing moments of intimate bickering .
But Takei 's experience as an underrepresented minority in Hollywood trying to conceal his identity as an even more underrepresented one gives To Be Takei its richest topic .
To Be Takei is an absorbing and entertaining , if somewhat slight , look at one of the 21st century 's most beloved celebrities .
If witnessing Takei and Brad exchanging vows does n't bring a tear to your eye , you 're either heartless , or you 're William Shatner .
The documentary To Be Takei serves to add considerable dimension to the man best known by many as Hikaru Sulu from Star Trek .
Jennifer M. Kroot plays things a bit too straight and safe by giving into basic emotional and thematic possibilities of each period in Takei 's prolific early life and subsequent Hollywood career .
Excessively flattering but still recommended . The doc is a must for Trekkies/Trekkers , younger Japanese Americans , and gays everywhere .
By the end of its slender 90-minute running time , though , you 'll wish that To Be Takei had been more like its subject-impossible to pin down and uncomfortably hilarious .
It 's more than just ` OK to be Takei . '
A unique blend of camp and conviction , `` To Be Takei '' deftly showcases George Takei 's eclectic personality and wildly disparate achievements , from `` Star Trek '' crewmate to gay-rights activist .

@highlight

To Be Takei rests almost entirely on its subject 's inherent likability -- and , for the most part , that 's more than enough .