It busies itself with a rollicking soundtrack , sexy costumes , and increasingly implausible romantic encounters between the film 's principals .
This is a complete jangled mess that clearly thinks it 's much cleverer than you are , but , as I say , it 's already a quote-unquote classic , and there are some magnificent set -LRB- hair -RRB- pieces .
American Hustle amuses with irony , music and wit . It tantalizes with danger but does n't get violent . Its sexiness - there 's grinding in washrooms , on tables and laps - is electric and fun .
... it 's fun to watch and this group of very talented actors -LRB- Christian Bale , Amy Adams , Bradley Cooper , Jeremy Renner , Jennifer Lawrence -RRB- are all on top of their game .
It 's enjoyable and fun to watch , but just barely touches the surface of its own narrative .
It 's a sly film that slips through your fingers , leaving the glitter of great performances , but one you 'll be hustling to watch again .
American Hustle slides with such grace through its intrigues , slipping in so many diverting props and devices and walk-ons that you may start to feel you 're being hustled by the film itself ...
There is plenty of `` Hey , look at me , Ma ! I 'm acting here ! '' But despite the swagger on display , the film 's ample style has a reason and purpose behind it , and dare we say , even a morality .
American Hustle has its flaws , major and minor , but it 's very entertaining and contains some great performances , especially by the female cast members .
One of the many pleasures of David O. Russell 's American Hustle , a fizzy late-seventies cocktail of comedy , romance , and caper pic , is that Bale finally seems to be having a ball .
American Hustle is about life as a performance , the ways in which we perceive ourselves and wish to be perceived by others .
If only this set of memorable characters were serving a story that did n't feel half-rate .
A movie as smart as ` American Hustle ' knows that those tactile pleasures only matter if they 're attached to some kind of emotional resonance .
If American Hustle has anything real to say , it 's some minor bromide about greed and corruption . Ultimately , like its central characters , it 's is all about ` tude ; of that , it 's got a ton .
There 's not a lot of takeaway from American Hustle , but that 's Russell 's personality-he 's got a great appetite for verve and foolhardy spectacle , rather than reverb and real-life substance .
Full of agreeable performances and a few `` aha '' moments that most filmmakers would kill for , but it never comes together in any meaningful way .
Vaults heedlessly between bedraggled comedy and serious-stakes scenes in which the director shuts off the fun .
Pure , raw energy .
Few are the films that can be described as profoundly artistic and deliriously entertaining , substantial and soufflé-like . Noble , and screwy .
David O. Russell has made an amazing film here , filled with some of the most complicated , well-developed , and fascinating characters to grace the screen this year .
It 's confusing in tone , though very funny at times , especially coming from Cooper and Lawrence , but by the end , Russell feels he 's warranted an emotional reaction from the audience when he 's done anything but .
An entertaining but bloated , starry , Grand Hotel-sized con artist caper that looks , sounds and feels like Scorsese without a smidgen of the electricity he effortlessly brings to his pictures .
The movie 's greatest strength -LSB- is -RSB- Russell 's magnanimity toward his characters , an equable , never cloying embrace of their imperfections .
David O. Russell has a gift for the farce at work in American institutions , and in American Hustle he 's created another instant classic .
David O Russell 's film fizzes with energy and wit , bowling along with a brio that matches the quick-wit and razzle-dazzle of its con artists .
David O. Russell 's '70s caper nearly out-Scorseses Scorsese . Rollicking fun stuffed into '70s wrapping paper .
Amy Adams is spectacular , febrile , dramatic , comic , sharp , sarcastic and magnificent to look upon , especially her soaring laughter in an explosive comic-sexual scene set in a nightclub ladies ' room stall .
To call the end result an absolute triumph would undercut more apropos labels ; it seeks to be one of the best films of the year , and transcends that goal .
Pode até ser uma espécie de Os Bons Companheiros versão light , mas não deixa de ser incrivelmente divertido .
Like the Abscam con , the film is a convincing confection , so well played that we do n't care if it 's the real deal or not .
Look , I think this is a fabulous film .
One of the films of the year for me .
A fun , energetic caper that tries hard to make you love its characters , but mostly fails to succeed . .
Definitely an actor 's film , with some great moments and terrific performances within an uneven story backed by a killer 70 's soundtrack .
Wide characters , deep storytelling , bad hair and a great 1970s soundtrack fill this stylishly seductive comedy about small time con artists working their way up the food chain .
What could have been a trifling little caper movie becomes , in the hands of Russell and his superb cast , a rich , character-driven film of humor , drama and surprising warmth .
David O. Russell 's American Hustle is slick , surprisingly funny , and actually makes the horrendous styles of the 1970s look kind of appealing .
Russell 's world view is essentially optimistic and romantic
Spearheaded by enormously charismatic actors and a script 's verbal wit that overrides its untidiness .
Save your admiration for the performances , especially Lawrence , who is now Hollywood 's most important presence in front of the camera .
It turns out that comb-overs , cleavage , cocaine and kookiness are an unbeatable combo .
` American Hustle ' is smart , sophisticated and slick . Director David O. Russell has been nominated for the Academy Award for both last year 's ` Silver Linings Playbook ' and ` The Fighter , ' and he 's bound to earn at least a nod again this year .
One of the ten best films of 2013 .
It 's like a pastiche of a ' 70 's Sidney Lumet picture : well made , well performed but lacking the bite and shrewd intelligence of the older movies it reminds you of . In this way it 's a better movie about modern American filmmaking than the era it recreates .
Another memorable masterpiece cleverly crafted by the oh so talented David O !
To understand the breadth of disco-era deception laid out in American Hustle , understand that the most honest character in the movie is a politician . Not entirely honorable but compared with the swindle sharks circling , he 's Jimmy Carter on Sundays .
Grand Performances move `` Hustle ''
Fun , charming , but slight - and way too long and flabby in the girth for such slightness .
A tour-de-force piece of filmmaking about the art of survival - and a cinematically-glorious throwback to the Gene Hackman era .
Are we being played ? Oh , yeah . Just because the time and place of a film takes place within personal experience does n't mean it 's not a historical epic .
This is one you 'll want to hustle to see on the big screen .
American Hustle does n't conform to one genre , though it has elements of farce , screwball , heist thriller and caper comedy . In dressing it up like a Scorsese-style crime movie , Russell brings an unusual weight and tension to -LSB- the film -RSB- .
Russell , writer Eric Singer , and the hyperventilating cast keep us guessing well into the second half .
Casting Christian Bale as a Bronx Jew makes as much sense as casting Woody Allen as a Baptist minister from Alabama , not that casting Woody Allen in Bale 's role would have saved this mess of a film .
Though never boring , American Hustle does itself feel a little like a con - a skilled exercise in creative misdirection .
Russell opts for chaos over clarity and love over work
One of the few 2013 movies I was sorry to see end
more successful than any of the cons on-screen is the con Hustle plays on its audience ,
Is there a better actress currently working in movies today than Amy Adams ?
The actors act up a storm and the tacky period detail , from hideous sofas to men in curlers , fills the screen , but in the end it all feels too staged , too played , too self-aware to fully work .
That American Hustle is set in the '70s is the perfect coincidence , for it is a movie that would have fit right into the `` New Hollywood '' of that era where directors were king , actors went beyond the pale and stories had balls .
A complicated FBI sting operation is combined with not one , but two love triangles in this sharp , witty comedy drama topped by an audacious ending . The writing crackles with authentic-sounding dialog and the acting is superb .
The script by Eric Singer and David O. Russell is rife with banalities and ludicrous situations , mostly involving the mafia .
`` American Hustle '' is marginally entertaining , and ultimately not a satisfying movie-going experience .
Believe it or not , amidst all of the oversized collars and outlandish suits , -LSB- Russell -RSB- wrings pathos out of -LSB- his characters -RSB- .
American Hustle ultimately establishes itself as yet another disappointment from David O. Russell ...
An incongruous jumble , American Hustle 's supporting cast and Lawrence 's stellar turn lingers in the eye , not the movie as a whole . For a film that perhaps attempted to break a mold , it suffers from simply not knowing what it wanted to be .
ABSCAM comes alive in this stereotype drenched , pratfall ridden but entertaining story of good people lost in the American promise .
If David O. Russell 's earlier movies sometimes felt like an attempt to create layered , Kid A-style concept albums , American Hustle feels more like him onstage at the Silverdome , banging out the loudest open chord he can and hip thrusting at the audience .
For a good time , come see this adorable , sexy , deviously antic piece of cockeyed comedy . You want nominations ?
American Hustle is n't a bad film ... but it 's certainly an overrated one .
A story that spins out of control and lacks a comedic focus .
A carnival of a film with cons , cleavage and the great Christian Bale .
You forget that Russell once made such impenetrable navel-gazing twaddle as I Heart Huckabees , and simply revel in the fact that American Hustle is often deliriously good fun .
It sucks you into its alluring story as if you were a mark .
Deliriously alive on screen , with an energy that 's often electrifying , it 's a movie that in its best moments recalls Scorsese 's gangster classic GoodFellas , with a bit of Paul Thomas Anderson 's Boogie Nights thrown in to sweeten the pot .
... pay your money and take the ride , ... laugh and ... be strangely moved by the odd-looking creatures Russell has assembled for his latest ensemble play .
Fun ride from Russell .
If the opening scene of a film marks the first move of a grand seduction , David O. Russell scores a home run in the first five minutes of American Hustle .
Director David O. Russell and co-writer Eric Warren Singer grab hold of the FBI 's long-time Abscam sting -LRB- conducted in the late '70s into 1980 -RRB- as their kernel of truth , then Jiffy Pop it like mad .
Beautifully , inventively constructed , and filled with rich performances that are perfectly calibrated to the offbeat tone -LSB- director David O. -RSB- Russell was going for .
By the scintillating end of director David O. Russell 's utterly ' 70 's flimflam flick , the only thing you can be sure of is that ` American Hustle ' is flat-out one of the best films of the year .
The best ensemble performance of the year and it 's all true . Sort of .
Perhaps most astonishing of all is that in a film filled such terrific performances , the prevailing personality is that of David O. Russell .
It is a superbly written movie ... featuring terrific characters who are played by one of the most talented casts of the year .
Regardless of its fine cast and stylish execution , the shallow `` American Hustle '' sells sparkle and hustle .
American Hustle offers a , crowd-pleasing experience - one with profound social commentary , laugh-out-loud comedy , and even unexpected moments of compassion to boot .
The most exciting thing about David O. Russell 's operatic-comedy American Hustle is how every piece of it double plays us .
The ensemble helps to spotlight virtues in those who are flawed , and flaws in those who are virtuous , earning sympathy where sometimes none is deserved .
On paper , American Hustle should be the movie of the year and sweep the Oscars , but its supreme promise fades once the lights go down in the theater . It 's good , not great .
Despite its drawbacks , `` American Hustle '' does have a rough-edged charm that holds your attention .
The best Scorsese film directed by David O. Russell .
It 's all hip , humorous , sad , edgy and immensely entertaining , this sprawling period parable about a group of greedy people who are n't who they purport themselves to be .
The bra budget on this movie is exactly $ 0 .
If you 're looking for a clockwork-perfect crime plot , you wo n't find it here . But if you want to hang with some wildly unpredictable and complex characters and wonder who will come up on top , `` Hustle '' is a lot of fun .
Somewhat in keeping with its narrative 's spectacle of deception , the comedown of this sugar rush of a film might not reveal the most nutritious consumption , but sometimes the messiest concoctions have a better taste .
Not since Goodfellas has America 's dark , criminal underbelly been explored with such verve .
American Hustle reminds me of a great Scorsese movie .
The performances are wonderful and so is the film , but it is not easily categorised . Thriller ? Caper ? Comedy ? Romance ? Period piece ? It is all of these and more .
Ambitious even as it studies , exploits and explodes ambition , `` American Hustle '' is as good as any American film this year . It 's also a lot of fun . Do n't miss it .
American Hustle is a movie built on that cornerstone of the American Dream , reinvention . If you 're not happy with who you are , or who people think you are , then go ahead and become somebody else . Anything to survive - and thrive .
Do n't get distracted by all the quick talking , double-crosses or backstabbing . Just enjoy some of today 's most talented masters of their craft doing what they do best in a film that will leave you feeling anything but ripped off once it 's over .
At the end of the day , most people will be talking about the actors , not how clever the con was . It 's not a masterpiece , nor the next big thing . But it is a decent film , full of great acting , a surprisingly amount of humor , and a cool 70 ′ s vibe .
So many layers of double-cross , lies , betrayal , grandiosity , and sheer insanity that the audience may feel they are getting lost , but in a way , that is the point .
Bursting with humor , great acting and David O. Russell 's abundant filmmaking talent , American Hustle is a joy to watch .
What makes ` American Hustle ' stand out from so many other films this year -- namely its focus on characters , performances and a well-written script . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Every time I want to call American Hustle 's bluff , it rises to being more than the sum of some of its parts , thanks to the female performances .
This is n't a history lesson . It 's pure entertainment , an excuse for good actors to romp through a twisting , well-told tale .
The source of this movie 's galvanizing intrigue is that the characters remain in play -- they never settle into place
It 's one of the year 's cleverest films , and also one of the best .
There is fun to be had . Just do n't expect something on a level with the director 's recent work .
It joins the pantheon of great con job movies with The Sting , House of Games and Wild Things .
A sloppy , miscast , hammed up , overlong , overloud story that still sends you out of the theater on a cloud of rapture .
`` American Hustle '' may have taken its inspiration from the art of the steal , but it has a heart of pure , if slightly tarnished , gold .
Russell 's films find their heroes among the men and women who respond with grace and conscience to what the Jennifer Lawrence character calls ` poisonous choices ' ...
Even at two hours and 20 minutes , the movie does n't wear you down . It carries you along with heedless momentum , giddy and exhilarated at its all-American ambition and scam-artist confidence .
`` American Hustle '' is what might result if a movie snorted cocaine .
American Hustle may be the finest example of how well the Russell formula works , surpassing Silver Linings Playbook and The Fighter , his two most recent Oscar-nominated films .
Come for the spot-on late-1970s production design , costumes and makeup ; stay for the best movie Martin Scorsese never made .
With a solid-gold cast and a sterling script , `` American Hustle '' has a higher return on investment than any other movie in the marketplace .
-LSB- Russell -RSB- seems to be having obscene amounts of fun , which becomes contagious very quickly .
American Hustle is a reminder that it 's a privilege to see work that 's so masterful .
Filled with rich characters and sharp dialogue , the movie turns on questions of friendship and fidelity , both personal and political , with a knockout performance by Jennifer Lawrence as the con man 's jealous , ball-busting wife .
The screenplay is so dense and nuanced , the characters so textured and conflicted , the plot so tight and twisty that American Hustle achieves a dramatic reality of documentary proportions .
David O. Russell has created this riveting world full of eccentric , well-rounded characters . American Hustle is a crime drama that is constantly engaging , hilarious , and stimulating . Christian Bale is sleazy perfection .
Some critics love to tear down a crowd-pleasing contender . Do n't let them sway you . American Hustle is a good-time holiday movie .
Brilliantly directed and superbly written , this is a hugely entertaining drama with impeccable production design work , a fabulous soundtrack and note-perfect performances from a terrific ensemble cast .
Above everything else , Russell has an unerring talent for drawing out the best from his actors . Everyone here is in top form , though -LSB- Bradley -RSB- Cooper 's near-manic FBI agent dictates some odd acting choices .
Though the maneuvering almost descends into tedium at times , Russell has created a dense and operatic portrait in which nothing is as it seems .
Many of the plot set-ups get plenty of laughs , but the movie feels like a series of contrivances .
Russell 's loopy , messy reworking of the 1970s Abscam scandal is ... done to a twisted turn ... . You 'll be happy to have been so thoroughly had .
To borrow a phrase the film 's con artists are prone to saying , American Hustle works from the feet up , and the fun is intoxicating .
Betrays a lack of cinematic judgment that 's frankly astonishing , from a group of very accomplished filmmakers and performers . It 's Scorsese Karaoke .
Think ` Casino ' meets ` The Grifters , ' shot through with a hefty dose of the off-kilter ... and that 's ` American Hustle . '
Russell 's unerring ability to take the careworn components of a story and fashion them into something unique and poignant reaches its peak with an exuberant caper that satisfies across the board - from love story to switch-backing crime yarn .
It 's an experiment in character exploration . You 'll walk away from it with an affirmation that people are complicated bundles of contradictions . Especially these people .
Being swindled has never been this much fun .
Russell 's aping is still a knockout , with enough razzle-dazzle style and propulsive humor to make it one of the most casually fun movies of the year .
American Hustle is a very well acted tale of con artists and their volatile relationships .
An example of performances transcending the motion picture they are in , `` American Hustle '' excels when observing its human figures in all of their honest and pretend forms .
Russell , following last year 's sweet `` The Silver Linings Playbook '' with a very different tale of reinvention , has made a glittery disco ball of a movie , with Lawrence as its unexpectedly shining star .
American Hustle confidently tackles this concept of transcending reality through deception , showcasing the versatility of its exceptional cast amidst a tale peppered with savage laughs and dark twists .
A bizarrely still , tortured caper , the feature offers exceptional performances and a coarse script , yet attention always manages to return to its visual impression , calling up the decade in the strangest ways .
`` American Hustle '' is a good film that could have been great had it not gone into hibernation through its middle portion . However , thanks to one of the year 's best ensembles and Russell 's keen eye for direction it becomes an enjoyable romp .
Very funny but not quite a comedy -LRB- as the Golden Globes seem to think -RRB- , this factually-based effort is a veritable who 's who of stars he 's worked with before , and they 're all in fine , fashion-disaster form .
American Hustle is a big , bold , and brash study of big , bold , and brash characters .
Russell has always had a talent for harmonizing tragedy and comedy , seriousness and outlandishness , all within a precise tone that allows for a wide range of emotions and effects . But his hand has never been more sure .
Fast and loose but it could be fast and looser . Through voice-over , withheld info , shaggy dog stories and flywheel-spinning actor 's exercises , Russell keeps yanking the plot back like a balloon salesman grabbing fleeing merchandise .
... -LSB- Russell -RSB- bullshits his way through the narrative , basically , giving his stellar cast plenty of room to improvise at length but in the end coming off as an indulgent storyteller unable to self-edit .
There 's a self-aware feel to the period pageantry , the alternatingly seductive and kinetic cinematography , and the actor 's showcase this ramshackle contraption has been held together with spit and bailing wire to be .
Keeps you guessing throughout , a very well written piece and yet another Oscar contender .
Russell 's principal obsession is the period and , I 'm sorry , but someone really should 've taken the filmmaker aside before shooting began and reminded him the decade 's been done to death . Maybe Ron Burgundy could 've broken the news .
It 's hilarious and sad and , especially , entertaining .
I would n't call American Hustle my kind of movie , but perversely , I have to admit I enjoyed it , primarily because of the twisted logic and wicked cleverness .
A profoundly entertaining collection of none-too-bright folks who think they 're smarter than everyone else . And it 's all set to the best soundtrack of the year .
Likeable and engaging despite its overly long running time , sloppy screenplay and rambling structure .
The movie is an undeniable good time . But do n't expect any of it to hold together .
AS with previous films The Fighter and Silver Linings Playbook , David O Russell can expect to bother the prize-givers this award season with American Hustle .
The best time I 've had at the movies all year .
The film zigs and zags , chasing after many different characters . And that sprawl , the rogue 's gallery of strays , cheaters and deceivers , activates the film rather than deflates it .
In spite of the subject matter 's seediness -LRB- ABSCAM resulted in the corruption convictions of a U.S. senator , six members of the House of Representatives , and several lesser politicians -RRB- , Russell 's script is laced with wit .
Jennifer Lawrence is entirely extraordinary , improving on the performance that won her an Oscar for Russell 's last film . Long may this collaboration continue .
Director and co-writer David O. Russell deserves all the credit in the world for creating a story , characters and environment in which his actors could truly get lost .
A sexy , rollicking caper set in the late 70s which expertly infuses its criminality with both class and character , the latter delivered via a thick vein of askew humour .
It 's a process , it 's a thrill , a way to survive and to trust , to make good even when the choices are bad .
A great deal more fun than most Oscar hopefuls allow themselves to be . Think Goodfellas , but with bad comb-overs . And perms . And yards of corduroy and crushed velour .
There 's plenty of fun to be had , but in the long term , `` American Hustle '' may be remembered more for its superficial pleasures than the depth of its impact . Kind of like the 1970s .
American Hustle is a relative of Goodfellas and Boogie Nights , although never quite as transcendently magical as those two films . Which just means it is n't one of the greatest movies ever made , so do n't hold that against it .
You may not trust the facts in American Hustle but you can rely on it as one of this year 's most aggressively entertaining films .
An extremely entertaining , brilliantly acted , highly diverting film which - like all hustles - delivers less than it promises . Still , it 's worth being taken for the ride .
One of the very best films of the year .
A well made film that left me emotionally cold .
American Hustle is Saturday Night Bluster .
American Hustle is an ambitious satire , made by an accomplished filmmaker and loaded with terrific acting talent ; but despite appreciating it for what it tried to achieve instead , it 's hard not to feel slightly conned .
director David O. Russell gives his latest , loosely based on Abscam , a tone of cocaine-fueled conning that plays like an updated screwball romantic comedy version of `` The Sting '' structured like Scorcese 's 70 's set `` Goodfellas . ''
Deliriously entertaining and sexy .
Credit the script and the editing as well , but American Hustle is quite simply an actor 's movie , and the entire ensemble is just fun to watch .
In a year already graced with a glorious over-supply of great films , American Hustle arguably contains the best performance package of the lot .
On the plus side of the ledger , Russell enables his cast to inhabit some colorful , downright transformative , characters .
It 's rarely as playful or funny or loose or hip as it hopes .
A slick , funny and hugely entertaining film anchored by a genuine emotional centre .
Out-Scorseses Scorsese with its epic ensemble historical crime dramedy bursting with insanely engaging characters who are impossibly real and impossibly ridiculous whose stories you do n't ever want to end .
David O. Russell picked the right cast , but the wrong genre , for a sincere meditation on insincerity .
Even with a freewheeling style , `` Hustle '' is never aimless . All that flash , sass and canny sense for detail hit the jackpot ...
The actors give the movie different sorts of mania .
It 's a messy movie , yes , but that complements the messy personalities at its center .
Mesmerizing mature drama with just a bit of sex , violence .
American Hustle may be full of people faking , but Russell is the real deal .
Loose , wandering , and often monotonous .
It 's a kaleidoscopic carnival , structured from the viewpoint of each of its main protagonists . The film itself is devised a species of scam , and for a while it 's fun to be in on the con . Russell is , in effect , playing us .
... the emphasis is on comedy and lightness highlighted by award quality performance , especially by Lawrence and Adams , who appears in extremely revealing clothes throughout .
An awkward start , especially as it takes a moment to get used to Russell 's style and tone , but once `` Hustle '' finds its footing it really takes off and is one of the most intelligent and enjoyable films of the year .
Despite all this copycatting , the movie still has an interesting energy .
Russell is so enamored with the period pizzazz - the outrageous hairstyles and outfits , the strobe-lit clubs , the yellows and browns - that the movie flatlines .
A wannabe Scorsese movie that could be left wallowing in the wake of an actual Scorsese movie-The Wolf of Wall Street-which opens on December 25th .
Overweight , balding , and outfitted in supremely ugly '70s high fashion-I seem to recall a pumpkin-colored polyester three-piece suit-Bale has never looked worse , or been better .
Russell out-Scorseses Scorsese with hyperbolic technique : whip-pans , whooshes , slo-mo , and tacky but great '70s chart-toppers . He winds his actors up and lets them loose .
Biting , brilliant , David O. Russell goes Scorsese in this dark '70s caper comedy
With a tighter plot and more consistent tone , American Hustle could have had a shot at greatness .
All in all , `` American Hustle '' is a fun ride - while it lasts .
Ridiculously entertaining in all the best ways .
An acting masterclass delivered by some of Hollywood 's best .
Dizzying , outlandishly entertaining ...
Is n't it a pleasure to get hustled by such exquisite professionals ?
... American Hustle is like a passionate , booze-soaked conversation at a party : fun while it last , but foggy the next morning .
Immensely entertaining , impeccably structured and featuring excellent performances from its entire cast , American Hustle is one of the year 's absolute best films and a serious contender for every major award .
High-energy comedy comes naturally to the filmmaker . He exults in free association , emotional riffs , in the craziness that underlies ostensibly rational behavior .
With one of the best ensemble casts of any film this year , it 's audacious , enthralling and uproarious .
This year 's ARGO in that it 's a smart , adult caper that has the potential to both score major awards and major box office . It 's a blast from start to finish .
It truly is a good movie that will get the audience sucked in ; however the tone that David O. Russell has been able to inject into his films takes surprisingly long to surface here .
Russell has created another film that is a joy to watch from beginning to end ; he uses his considerable talent stockpile in front of the camera to weave a story that is funny , dramatic , and laughs at itself all at once .
A dark comedy with a dash of crime drama and a crime drama with a healthy sense of humor , American Hustle defies easy categorization as it offers up a twisty plot and some of the year 's best performances .
For some , the silver linings in Russell 's movies represent a failure to embrace darkness . I see them as a humanist 's act of resistance . That 's why American Hustle ranks with the year 's best movies . It gets under your skin .
The film has a sort of disciplined looseness to it , tightly paced and shrewdly constructed but also ridiculously entertaining .
It 's a film of jaw-dropping virtuosity and pleasure , one that leaves you revved , enthralled , tickled , moved , and amazed .
`` American Hustle '' giddily embraces the excesses of its era , from spandex to ` staches , though it 's a farce that speaks as well to this tarnished age .
... so eager to sell the sizzle that the lack of a steak barely registers .
It 's a high-spirited lark that works thanks to Russell 's dazzling direction , delicious period details and a parade of stellar performances .
With a crackling script and masterful direction , Russell has made a fiction that is stranger -- and way more fun -- than the truth . He has the help of a dream cast of actors , all at the top of their games .
This is a film to be enjoyed for its eccentric performances ; a hyper , engrossing dramedy of relationships .
In a dazzling movie about the art of the con , Jennifer Lawrence -- playing a feisty and frustrated New York housewife -- manages to steal all her scenes .
David O. Russell deploys his deranged genius to explore the real events behind Abscam , cleverly focussing on the inter-relationships rather than the details of the elaborate sting operation .
American Hustle turns out to be a freewheeling party of a movie , one that never stops adding complications and wrinkles and hungry new players to the mix .
-LSB- David O. -RSB- Russell is not Scorsese . He does n't do ` cool shots ' with the camera . His passion is for observing actors , giving them the space to create chaos that his frames struggle to contain .
Just because David O. Russell 's take on ABSCAM is n't what I 'd hoped it would be does n't mean it is n't still a damn entertaining movie . In fact , I had a blast watching it .
Director David O. Russell delivers once again with this wonderfully performed , wildly entertaining dissection of The American Dream .
David O. Russell enters Marty Scorsese territory with the sagacious wit of Mark Twain and satire and slapstick worthy of Preston Sturges
American Hustle is an extremely entertaining ride through the human condition , with characters just short of ridiculous . The beautiful thing is that Russell does this without becoming mean .
American Hustle offers so many easy pleasures that people may not think of it as a work of art , but it is . In the world that Russell has created , if you do n't come to play you 're not fully alive .
Another vibrant film directed by David O. Russell that is bursting with colorful characters , funny scenes , and standout performances .
It is a wildly entertaining piece of work that features one of the best ensembles of the year .
Never quite lets you forget you 're watching bravura acting but that acting is deliriously funny . The film is just enough over the top so the artifice becomes part of the joke .
Does American Hustle have heart -- does it have importance ? Such naive questions : It has Jennifer Lawrence blowing up a microwave .
Lying is an ugly , grubby business , which is why hair maintenance amongst con artists is so important .
A velvet drenched romp through the world of a con man but most of the time it 's like watching a Las Vegas Martin Scorsese tribute show
Like that other time-traveler to the 1970s , Paul Thomas Anderson , Russell is a big , expressive moviemaker who seems willing to try anything . Unlike Anderson , he 's even willing to swerve a little out of control , roller-disco style .
It 's a little bit `` Boogie Nights , '' a little bit `` Argo , '' a little bit `` GoodFellas . '' It 's a breath mint , it 's a chewing gum , it 's a laxative , it 's a hockey puck .
There may not be much behind the sparkling tinsel curtain of David O. Russell 's extraordinarily entertaining American Hustle . But what a curtain !
American Hustle contains fireworks aplenty-dramatic outbursts of bravura filmmaking , sly acting choices , a scene that makes Robert De Niro scary again-but also a few too many familiar moments .
David O. Russell has crafted an unexpectedly zany , tantalizing crowd-pleaser that 's relentlessly entertaining .
With a stacked cast , and sharp scripting and direction from Russell , American Hustle makes for a highly entertaining guide on how to fake it in America
This film has actual heart and soul . That 's because Russell looks at the whys of these people 's lives in ways that make this movie jump to life at unexpected moments .
The film may lack grit but the stellar cast adds to its allure , helping to round out this dynamic account where reinvention offers the means to endure .
A feast of a movie-an uncorked entertainment in which every scene trembles with energy and actorly invention .
The screenplay is outstanding , taking us on an ever changing course where the dramatic scenery shifts from tense to bizarre to deadly to hilarious ... not to mention a great 70s soundtrack
A deliciously entertaining movie about the perfect con , corruption and how to survive on thin ice , American Hustle starts its hustling right from the get-go with its edgy script , winning cast and fab jazzy score
It subverts the focus of other '70s - set movies about charming crooks - of which `` Goodfellas '' is the standard-bearer - by emphasizing emotional mechanics over the ones used to perpetrate their crimes .
Funny , sexy and stylish as hell , Russell 's Scorsese homage lacks the zip of Marty 's greatest work , but makes up for it with hilarious dialogue and a killer ensemble on top form .
Reveling in its '70s milieu and in the eternal abrasion of sexy women and covetous men , American Hustle is an urban eruption of flat-out fun - the sharpest , most exhilarating comedy in years .
Martin Scorsese has his Goodfellas . David O. Russell answers with his Mediocre-fellas .
It 's so satisfying . It 's so suspect . It 's so '70s . And it 's so good .
While Russell 's film succeeds on the strength of its casting and characters , it 's dragged down by a murky and poorly-paced narrative .
You feel that one false move from anyone could bring the whole thing crashing down to earth : fortunately , Russell 's cast seem to have an innate sense of exactly how far they can push it .
... does n't amount to much , but wow does it have some electric performances .
A zany comedy that makes FBI agents look like keystone cops .
Russell distils his own toxic kind of nitrous oxide and pipes it into the cinema .
Russell and co-writer Eric Singer have used the general details of the events to whip up a truly hilarious look at a bunch of dreamers and con artists all lying each other into a lather , and it 's a raucous entertainment .
While you have to admire American Hustle for its willingness to work hard and play harder , it 's also hard to not notice that all of its frantic efforts do n't really go anywhere new .
one of those extremely watchable movies that will suck you into a cable tractor beam when you come across it for the next ten years
If awards were handed out for the sloppiest movies , `` American Hustle '' would be a dead ringer for just such a booby prize .
A brilliant cast shines in David O. Russell 's deliriously funny account of the notorious Abscam case .
An infectious blast of funky jazz played by a terrific cast and a director at the top of their respective games .
Has the kind of throbbing pulse , wicked snap and sheer moviemaking bravado that makes it one of a very few films that can be mentioned in the same breath as Goodfellas .
Not just a love story and a briskly entertaining caper , `` American Hustle '' is also a thoughtful examination of the American tendency toward reinvention -LRB- and self-delusion -RRB- .
Russell turns the pursuit of the American dream into the ultimate escapism .
David O. Russell 's American Hustle is at times both deliciously sexy and hilariously unsexy in its attempt to portray the awful , scheming hustlers we all pretend not to be .
Formally ostentatious and unrepentantly messy , the film manages to implicitly convey the overdriven , coked-up confusion that many '70s period pieces make painfully overt .

@highlight

Riotously funny and impeccably cast , American Hustle compensates for its flaws with unbridled energy and some of David O. Russell 's most irrepressibly vibrant direction .