Director To does n't sacrifice substance to style . The over-the-top violent flourishes , more psychological than paint-the-screen-red literal , will burrow under your skin .
Whatever he lacks in narrative drive , To is still the master of style .
Drips with a thick , Stygian darkness , but also offers violence that 's too explicit and willfully perverse to be thoughtfully disturbing ... . a little too overwrought , too operatic after its regal predecessor .
The exposition is perfectly balanced with bloody action and muscular set-pieces .
The film 's violence erupts in rare , staccato bursts , all the more horrifying for coming out of nowhere .
If it is too stylistically modest to win converts among the multiplex crowd , the film surely rewards followers of the genre .
tackles big ideas like the preservation of tradition and the overall reach of destiny , but also slyly suggests that the Triad of the 21st Century has evolved into something like a giant corporation .
If Machiavelli 's The Prince and Sun Tzu 's The Art of War translate to other centuries and cultures , so might Election and Triad Election .
-LSB- Director To 's -RSB- talent for documentary-style realism and navigating complex political systems sets him apart , though his nationalism puts him squarely in the mainstream .
The movieâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s most powerful component is political .
This remains a well-crafted genre movie , and one that promises further developments in its final scene .
Dense , demanding concentration , lacking any romantic -LRB- but plenty of sordid -RRB- violence , extremely involving and rewarding of careful attention .
Like the late John Frankenheimer , director To marries his drama with action and superb composition to achieve compelling results at times .
If you 're willing to do the work , Triad Election pays you in tragedy .
... exhibit A in the case for the Hong Kong gangster film as the new genre standard .
Shameless pulp it may be , but to watch it is to see a master craftsman continuing to refine his talent .
Into a season of Hollywood blockbusters , this import arrives with the impact of a high-velocity bullet .
Like any good sequel , this film takes what is familiar with the original 's concept -- in this case , an internecine struggle for supremacy -- and deepens it .
Reveals -LSB- director -RSB- To as a master of lean , close-quarters action .
Triad Election is slow-burning and sedate , even dull in stretches . But it deserves credit for presenting such a courageous critique of the Chinese system , which combines the worst aspects of official corruption and mob lawlessness .
Like many Hong Kong mob movies , Triad Election
Johnny To 's superb , graceful new Triad Election actually has quite a bit in common with Francis Coppola 's Godfather trilogy .
The movie is familiar on several levels but also has its own engaging style .
The director rejuvenates the genre by connecting the dots between a criminal subculture and a much bigger sociological picture . He 's finally given HK cinema its very own Godfather .
Two screenwriters were responsible for this fascinating look at organized crime in China , as well as the continuing governmental policies that make the triads thrive .
Comparisons to The Godfather Part II are inevitable . For a change , such comparisons are also favorable .
Guided by To 's elegant camera moves , less visceral than most Hong Kong filmmakers , the Election movies put a fresh , intriguing spin on the usual cinematic gangster motifs .
Like the best crime stories , this one is n't about how the bad guys live , it 's about how we live .
Ready for The Godfather with a distinctly Hong Kong flavor ?
Plenty of films owe a debt to The Godfather , but it 's rare to see inspiration used as successfully as it is here .
expertly captures the battle between old-school gangster pathology and the new cutthroat tactics of the corporate criminal
Further proof that Johnnie To is one of the medium 's most accomplished directors .
The parallels to all three Godfather films are there , if you care to look , but the Election films have other pleasures .
The surfaces gleam as luxuriously in Johnnie To 's exemplary gangster thriller Triad Election as those in a similarly slicked-up Hollywood film , but the blood on the floor here seems stickier .
Maybe you do n't know much about this director . But if you like Hong Kong action movies where everyone 's constantly killing each other in a ballet of bullets -LRB- and other weapons -RRB- , then -LSB- Johnny To -RSB- is your new Francis Ford Coppola .
As in the first movie , To deftly references the Godfather trilogy , examining the moral equivocation and shifting alliances among various syndicate members .
Johnnie To 's Election 2 is distinguished by intelligence , wit and violence but is lightly wounded by some ill-fitting moments .
Each angle -- and To 's take on the plight of the modern gangster -- is inspired .
Triad Election is something like a surprise candy , with a hard , sweet veneer and a shockingly bitter center .
With Mob fever spiked by the return of The Sopranos , now 's the perfect time to enjoy the intense Godfather variations of director Johnnie To .
In contrast to many recent action films , women are neither empowered nor abused in this predominantly male universe . The visual style throughout is disarmingly classical in the fluidity of its camera movements .
For all its emulation of American gangster films , Triad Election is first and foremost a portrait of Hong Kong , painted in great swaths of black and red .
Triad Election lacks the emotional punch or aesthetic dazzle to take it up a notch .
` Triad Election ' creates vignettes without depth by piling set pieces hard and fast upon set pieces -- none of them offering anything new .
This disturbing social order , both inside and outside the Triad , is the series ' defining characteristic . Because of its emphasis , this installment satisfies , even if another sequel feels inevitable .
It 's really more of the same , with one key ingredient added : Jimmy providing what might be the greatest pep-talk in the history of modern cinema .
Election 2 is equal in precision to its predecessor , exuding a perpetual sense of danger .
For anyone who saw Election , Johnnie To 's masterful , modern reworking of the Hong Kong Triad drama and its mythology , Election 2 is n't so much a sequel as a logical extension of the story .


@highlight

Taking its cues from the Godfather series , Triad Election understands how a giddy mix of thrills and gunplay can make for compelling cinema .