First penguins , now parrots : who would have thought that the bird-brained would have so much to teach us about humanity ?
A gentle document about the romanticism between a man and his wild pets , all of whom depend on his good nature to persist in a strange cycle of existence among the threatening neighborhoods of San Francisco .
Profile of a gentle , caring , and sensitive man who models for us the empathy and respect we should have for all animals large and small .
Fall in love with these brave and beautiful birds .
A documentary which captures an eccentric ornithologist communing with his flock with an intimacy that 's almost unimaginable .
Irving captures some memorable images ... but generally relies on the birds ' natural photogenic charm as well as the human dimensions of the drama to sustain the 83-minute film .
The beautiful shots of San Francisco 's lush Telegraph Hill are captivating by themselves , but the film 's greatest achievement is its humanity .
Perhaps if Judy Irving 's The Wild Parrots of Telegraph Hill had been released in any other year , I would n't be so judgmental and hard to please
In the spirit of all good documentaries , Wild Parrots transcends its ostensive subject .
The birds ... are a natural subject for a documentary film , but in the end Judy Irving 's film is as much or more about Mark Bittner , a self-appointed guardian of the flock , than it is about the birds themselves .
Amusing , touching and satisfying , this gentle yet probing little doco is a hand made movie whose simplicity and its subject matter are pluses .
Even though it 's only August , I 'm not going out on a limb when I say that `` The Wild Parrots of Telegraph Hill '' is one of the best films of the year .
How animals can sometimes , like art , serve as a reflection of the hopes and fears of their caretakers .
Parrots not so wild.Documentary shows quirks but not much else .
A bright window into the wild kingdom just outside our door that most of us barely notice , if at all .
A quietly profound way to understand the importance of mankind 's relationship with nature .
A cornball charmer of a film with some beautiful birds and homespun wisdom .
Director Judy Irving has created a picture that should fascinate not only bird lovers , but general audiences .
... objections recede in the face of the prime fact of this movie : It makes us feel better about being human .
The tables are turned in The Wild Parrots of Telegraph Hill . In this mentally invigorating nonfiction film , parrots inspire a human to talk .
Something about the way in which it 's been told can turn even a fellow fauna fancier into a harrumphing curmudgeon .
Its sweet surprise ending may be the most satisfying movie moment of the year to date .
Curiously engaging because of the unique personalities of both man and birds .
It 's a charming film , but you may end up glad , perhaps for the first time in your life , that you do n't live on Telegraph Hill , no matter how incredible the views of Alcatraz .
Irving 's camera captures enough intimate parrot moments to make us all believers .
Director Judy Irving works her central metaphor , comparing the birds ' untamed but non-native status to Bittner 's wandering bohemian history , a little harder than it deserves .
A precious gem of a film .
Well-considered , beautifully made , and often gripping in its narrative , the film epitomizes the best the documentary format can offer .
If Clint Eastwood were a parrot , he 'd be Connor .
It 's a nature film that 's not just for nature lovers , as it has a lot to show us about both the feathered and unfeathered .
It 's filled with mystery , humor , compassion and fulfillment .
Connor bubbles with more humanity than most other characters you 'll see in theaters during the summer blockbuster months .
Affectionate thought-provoking documentary , filmed in a relaxing informal manner .
The birdman off Alcatraz , Bittner should make you think twice about calling anyone a bird-brain again .
Charming , intelligent entertainment that should attract the same family audiences that flocked to Winged Migration in 2001 .
An absolute delight and nothing like the wimpy nature film its title suggests . It 's a soaring -- figuratively and literally -- documentary with a surprising emotional power .
A loving , dopey documentary about the bird man of a place with a view of Alcatraz .
-LSB- A -RSB- charming , layered documentary .
It contains ample joys and sorrows , and it will introduce you to some of the year 's most memorable characters .
The biggest problem with this documentary is its title , which makes it sound like a bird-watching club filmstrip . While it indeed concerns birds , it 's about a lot more .
Parrots has some problems on the filmmaking side -- attention-getting camera freezes that are too manipulative for this simple film , some awkward transitions -- but Bittner is such a great guy he more than makes up for them .
No great action sequences here , just a portrait of a man with more patience and time than most , who has spent some quality time with our avian friends . I found it fascinating .
It 's a deeply San Francisco story , a splash of tropic color on the city 's watercolor fabric .
What might have been a static portrait has become a true story , with tragic turns , joyful surprises and provocative glimpses into the meaning of life .
The parrots are every bit as endearing and interesting as the man looking after them .
It 's a special , strangely soothing movie experience that wonderfully celebrates the intricate diversity of life on Earth and the profound emotional bond that can exist between man and beast .
Turns out to be that rarity : a movie that makes its audience happier for having seen it .
Honestly earns its sentimentality , with a Zapruderish photographic reveal in the final act that 's seriously the most affecting thing I 've seen all year .
In many ways , this is a movie for outcasts and outcasts at heart -- most of us , I 'll wager .
Small but charming ... It 's a nice story , and it 's nicely told .
Wild Parrots is informative , moving , sad , optimistic and irresistible .
It should touch anyone who cares about the world 's more vulnerable creatures .
It 's hard not to fall under the spell of the colorful title characters in this charming documentary .
It 's surprising how engaging this simple little movie can be ... As a nature study , the footage is amazing .
Not that San Francisco needs more tourists , but Wild Parrots captures a nice little piece of the city 's magic , its landmarks , hills , tree-lined streets and quietly regal neighborhoods .
The oddest bird here does n't have wings .
Bittner is calm , intelligent , confiding , wise and well-spoken .
Irving 's insightful , glorious little documentary reveals larger personal truths for her subject while exploring a hidden society of unwanted parrots .
This is a gem .
A sweet little film that is a surprising hit .
The movie concludes with a moment of breathtaking perfection with the sweetest connection of all .
This is a charmfest of a movie , for bird lovers and non-bird lovers alike .
Quite simply , a beautiful film , in both form and content .
Wild Parrots is not showy or revealing or exploitive . Its intentions are undemanding and its style sweet and airy
If you 've ever felt like a blue-crowned conure in a world full of cherry-heads -- and who has n't ? -- these wild parrots are guaranteed to put a smile on your face .
Following an arc from whimsical detachment to profound engagement , this is a remarkable document from a filmmaker who enters -- deeply , personally and , above all , tactfully -- into the lives of all her subjects .
Bittner has a passion for these parrots , he 's taken the time to painstakingly befriend them , and Telegraph Hill takes you into his world as completely as he has gone into theirs .
Bittner is an acutely compassionate man , and Irving is careful to question the details of his life without prosecuting him .
Audiences will find themselves loving the screeching feral creatures as much as their on-camera human friend does .
This is a beautiful movie .
The story it tells is unique and moving , especially for its perfect snapshot of a specific city 's aura .
In watching the birds and the man with an affectionate , curious eye , the filmmaker builds a story of surprising emotional resonance .
A documentary film that can affect you ... and get you to invest your feelings in a flock of wild birds -LRB- and their friend and keeper , Mark Bittner -RRB- is a real accomplishment .
Nature-loving , pet hugger patrons will absorb every detail of this man 's singular relationship to wild birds .
Its allure lies not only in its exotic creatures , but also in its depiction of human kindness .
Filmmaker Judy Irving makes a lovely little mountain out of a molehill in this poignant documentary emphasizing the confluence of man and animal .
Genuinely sweet , beautifully constructed documentary .
A loving portrait of a displaced flock of birds , a fascinating city , and a unique man .
Irving 's film -LSB- is -RSB- as informal and easygoing as its subject .
Irving , a longtime filmmaker and lifelong birdwatcher , captures her subjects with striking intimacy . She shapes a well-told story , capped by a few dramatic turns of event .
Though Bittner 's slacker charm may not be to all tastes , the parrots are natural-born scene-stealers with more than enough charm to seduce the most dubious viewer .
By the end of the movie , you might find yourself so wrapped up in Bittner and the parrots that you have tears in your eyes .
Its amicability and bittersweet tone will charm more than just bird lovers .
The film is that rare documentary that has romance , comedy and a surprise ending that makes you feel as if you could fly out of the theater like a cherry headed conure .
Judy Irving 's affectionate documentary profiles a 50-ish San Franciscan who tends a flock of around four dozen wild parrots that live in his neighborhood .
Lovely to look at , if not very deep in its thinking about relations between humans and their animal friends .
A documentary of quiet , introspective charm .
More captivating and enchanting than most of the rubbish being passed off as `` entertainment '' in multiplexes today .
It shows how strong and involving a documentary can be about a subject that may sound only of marginal interest .
Several sharp jolts give the doc its dramatic shape , and one episode in particular , caught with a neighbor 's lens , will make you gasp with grief .
An excellent film . By all means , flock to it !
The gentle , G-rated documentary The Wild Parrots of Telegraph Hill records the sort of story that used to simply pass into urban legend .
Funny , sweet , and unexpectedly moving , this is not just a study of man and birds , it 's also ... a thoughtful consideration of what it means to follow one 's bliss
Interesting man , flighty birds , but repetitious .
A gentle and unusual nonfiction about a gentle and unusual man who drifts to his own genius .
Appealing as both nature docu and character study .




@highlight

Interesting and appealing as both a study of man and nature .