While not rising to the status of first rate , Boys Are Back is interesting and worth seeing .
I felt a level of exasperation with how the character of Joe handled his own children . I 'm not a fan of men who have a problem stepping up to the role of a parent .
Clive Owen gets in touch with his sensitive side in the heartbreaking drama , The Boys Are Back .
It 's a fairly standard premise that is , for the most part , employed to middling effect by filmmaker Scott Hicks ...
The Boys Are Back is poignant in dealing with the stages of grief but lets up with a bit of fun . Scott Hicks really is back in town .
A deeply resonant film , driven by strong performances and displaying an open affection that is too rarely depicted between fathers and sons .
Takes pain and loss and gives it a slightly glossy treatment that holds the drama but does n't quite get to the point of complete emotional puppetry .
Boys Are Back shows unexpected resolve to approach the central conflict with sincerity , and that small effort takes something with the potential for dispiriting routine and makes it a truly responsive motion picture .
Clive Owen turns a tear-jerker into a meditation on fatherhood in The Boys Are Back
Owen reveals a rarely glimpsed warmth and the father and son dynamic has charm , but sappiness keeps the film nice , rather than as good as it might have been .
Hicks 's directing style is straightforward and unfussy - a description you could apply to this big-hearted film as a whole .
Aggressively life-affirming , unashamedly sentimental and tear-jerking with industrial efficiency .
If you could order a heart-tugging movie about a widower single dad from the Boden catalogue , accessorised with emotional moments purchased online at johnlewis.com , it might look like this excruciatingly artificial and prettified film .
Hicks 's hand with these relationships is more than sure enough to guide this unexpectedly observant movie over its occasional rough spots .
The Boys Are Back strains admirably against the stereotypes which tend to weigh down such tales of the expected .
A quintessential boys film to admire with no explosions or pixelated action sequences .
Heartwrenchingly sad , yet ultimately uplifting , Shine director Hicks more than matches the film that made him famous with this deeply moving tale .
Visually sharp but dramatically flat , The Boys Are Back plays like a montage of Kodak moments that engage the eye but rarely the heart .
Often touching , more often infuriating account of an ex-pat Brit journo in Oz exploring the how-to of father-son bonding . But even if you 're grinding your teeth , the film 's brash exuberance and its lead actor will keep you watching .
The quality of the acting is impressive and serves to at least give some substance to a rather flimsy plot .
The plot is mundane and relatively dull ... The result is an experience that 's amiable but underwhelming .
Owen is sensational , providing a sensitive , soulful presence that lifts the film , making for a touching and inspiring trip to the movies .
While Scott Hicks ' film is worth a watch , it just skims the surface of the single dad issues it tackles and by the end is a bit too Happy Families .
The film is a convincing portrait of the stress of single parenthood . Owen does well in a tricky role . I could watch him all day , and after The Boys Are Back , I felt like I had .
Owen 's voiceover is a cringeworthy accompaniment on the film 's heavily signposted road to redemptive hugs and Joe 's tentative romance with a divorcee . Bereavement is a valid starting-point , but this really gives the healing process a bad name .
A sensitive , expertly acted exploration of the bond between a father and his sons .
Possibly too sentimental for some . But if you 're interested in the psychology of parenting , or just fancy a good old blub , it 's well worth a watch .
The Boys Are Back is frightened of being frightening and , as a result , has no sense of momentum .
Clive Owen gives perhaps his best performance to date as Joe ; there 's a slight emotional coldness to his screen persona that works perfectly here .
This story is rather un-cinematic , lacking a driving narrative . But it 's a telling exploration of relationships , relying on a superb cast to keep us engaged .
What follows is a string of reasonably interesting ups and downs , with no clear overall plot to thread them together . It 's kind of pretty good , ish .
A pleasant , touching and ultimately uplifting family drama .
Clive Owen gets a decent showcase for his more sensitive side in this otherwise middling drama .
-LSB- Clive Owen -RSB- puts in one of the best performances of his career in a heartfelt emotional drama .
By turns touching and funny , The Boys Are Back is a tribute to the resilience of the human spirit and a reminder there is no instruction manual for good parenting . Sometimes you just have to muddle through .
-LSB- Clive Owen 's -RSB- performance as Joe in The Boys Are Back not only gives the film a strong emotional centre but also keeps it out of overly sentimental territory .
What is quite hard to believe is that you could care so little about every single one of the characters ... On the upside , people can stop paying thousands of pounds on film school courses and just use this as a how-not-to guide .
This family 's period of adjustment may tug on the heart a bit but fails , save for Owen 's holding power , to form a dramatic grip out of all that sympathy .
The Boys are Back deftly combines humour and heart in a well crafted tale of boys of all ages growing up , and if it helps , just think of it as a good film they happened to make in Australia .
As the film grapples with the tension between the ideals of parenthood and the realities , the script fumbles some key moments .
This beautifully etched , deeply moving drama about single fatherhood -LSB- is -RSB- the best film Adelaide director Scott Hicks has made since Shine -- and the peak of Clive Owen 's acting career
Director , Scott Hicks has created a really lovely film . It 's fortunate that the star power of Clive Owen gives the film a core dynamism .
Expert tearjerker with a phenomenal performance from Owen , which will be particularly affecting for parents .
The film plods along unremarkably -- even Joe 's unorthodox rearing techniques lose their surprise factor after a while -- but does remain true to itself right to the bitter -LRB- sweet -RRB- end .
There 's a lot to like about the film . Hicks makes evocative use of the Fleurieu Peninsula 's hills and coastline to impart some magic to Joe 's attempts to turn life with his sons in to a Boys ' Own adventure .
Scott Hicks 's return to the big-screen -- and Australia , courtesy of the film 's South Australian setting -- is a wonderfully moving meditation on life , death and familial bonds that triumphs in its understated approach .
It 's the two boys , young George Mackay and younger Nicholas McAnulty who walk away with the acting honours in astonishingly mature and controlled performances
It 's about emotional chaos and who better to embody it than Clive Owen as the soulful widower trying to master being an everyday father . It feels like a work of love for Hicks , who injects serenity within the chaos as he conducts a mantle of melancholy
Joe says in a voice-over that `` life is a journey to be traveled no matter how bad the road . '' And The Boys Are Back is a highly satisfying ride .
An affecting blend of warm comedy and high pathos , The Boys Are Back brings an unusual all-male perspective to its otherwise familiar themes of domesticity , death and dysfunction .
Even a corrosive influence like yours truly finds something a bit hinky about the motto ` Just Say Yes . ' At least when applied to raising children .
The Boys are bound to seem a rather boring bunch , which makes it hard for Scott Hicks ' downbeat heart-tugger to resonate in any meaningful way .
... presents some inevitable clichés from the grief-dealing playbook , but also tosses in the occasional change of pace zinger to keep the film from drowning in sorrow .
Parental Content Review
When the film works , it works really well . It certainly does n't hurt that it features Owen , an actor who 's capable of making almost anything watchable .
Might just put you off ever having children , if you do n't already .
It has the same understanding of male emotions as a Nick Hornby bestseller and could be that rare warmhearted weepie with an appeal that spans the genders and generations .
If The Boys Are Back takes some emotional shortcuts , it still manages to convey some of the more mystifying aspects of parenthood .
Owen , not chasing Julia Roberts or anyone else for a change , is pleasant enough making this 100-minute argument for unconventional parenting .
This indie gem marks the arrival of Oscar season . McAnulty and Mackay give very natural performances that are real and genuine .
Much like its lead character , the film lacks the discipline to always do what 's best .
Hicks ' rambling pacing and Cubitt 's routine approach to the story prevent ` The Boys Are Back ' from reaching its potential .
A classy , intelligent , low-key affair and a fine reminder of what 's really essential to most lives : family .
... flirts dangerously around the outskirts of melodrama .
The Boys Are Back is a poignant and rowdy celebration of a broken family dealing with grief and drastic change . It has a lame title and a rambling story , but it also has an outstanding performance by Clive Owen and beautiful Australian scenery .
It manages to veer from touching to humorous -LRB- Warr has some rather unconventional parenting techniques -RRB- without being overly mawkish , and the sumptuous cinematography by Greig Fraser is perhaps the best commercial ever for South Australia .
The characters ' clumsy emotional growth shows us there 's hope even for a stumbling father and two sons groping toward peace .
Director Hicks keeps the cliches under control in this treacly tale of a man struggling to be a single father .
... reduces the complexities of human relationships to a series of aphorisms and sitcom-like scenes , each of which is carefully designed to teach a lesson or establish a plot point .
Lessons are learned , tears are shed and apologies are accepted before it 's all over , but humor and humanity keep The Boys Are Back from being a cloying mess .
The Boys Are Back is based on a true story , and not in a good way . It 's obviously true ; otherwise why would anyone think it 's worth telling a story so trivial ?
At first , the Australian Boys seems to be one of those annoying , is n't - it-noble-how-the-single-dad-keeps-it-together movies , but it 's more interesting than that .
Has there been a better film about single fatherhood than The Boys Are Back ? None that I recall .
The boys are great , and the relationship between brothers who have been thrown together because they share the same absentee father is the film 's truest , sweetest element .
Relationships -- between men and women , fathers and sons -- are more complicated in real life , and The Boys Are Back deftly acknowledges that fact .
A restrained and surprisingly genuine-feeling work from Hicks , who gets the impassively handsome Owen to contribute one of his more expressive performances .
Owen , who does n't get many roles like this but should be signed for more , brings a compelling and sturdy realism to Joe , making him likable but not insufferable .
For the most part it 's a tearjerker that works ... testimony to the good judgment -- and good taste -- of everyone involved .
An impressive performance from Clive Owen as a single dad who tries to connect emotionally with his two sons and learn from his mistakes .
Clive Owen was spared the role of James Bond . And The Boys are Back is an example of why we are all the better for it .
A substantial performance from Clive Owen rescues what might otherwise have been a fairly gooey fatherhood drama .
The tears will definitely trickle from your eyes . It 's distinguishing the trickle from the treacle that becomes the problem .
So ravishing -LSB- looking -RSB- , actually , that it severely diminishes the emotional beats of the narrative . How mopey can you be when you 've got wallabies on your veranda ?
Bland , uneventful and going in circles for most of its second half , The Boys are Back never really gets to the point .
You may well cry -- I did -- at The Boys Are Back , but Hicks does n't use hammers or harp strings ; the emotion is honest and earned .
All told , the movie 's a solid entry in the Bad Dad Gets It Together genre and Owen is really quite touching , especially when he 's not trying too hard , which is most of the time .
Neither takes chances with the process of pain nor uncovers any big lessons about losing a spouse or raising a family .
The film seems to regard Joe with affection , and Owen certainly portrays him as a nice man . But why are his unformed theories about bringing up Artie supposed to fill us with affection and sentiment ?
-LSB- A -RSB- lovely reminder of what a cinematic treasure Owen is : his palpable charisma ... works even better when we 're already inclined to sympathize with him .
Joe 's `` just say yes '' policy is billed as an antidote to helicopter parenting , but there 's little evidence that his laxity benefits anything but his own ego .
A somewhat unfocused and convoluted drama that 's buoyed by beautiful scenery and , most effectively , by Clive Owen 's well-nuanced , charismatic and endearing performance .
I did n't think there was a minute of truth in this thing .
Honesty defines the performances . The happiest possible ending here and in real life is that people keep going forward no matter how hard it hurts .
Moving drama about loss , grief may be too heavy for kids .
What you ca n't see with your mind 's eye , however , are the performances , which save the movie from a treacly inevitability .
The young actors are actually the best part of the movie , McNulty especially , but also McKay , whose Harry is surly without being utterly obnoxious .
On the tougher side are Allan Cubitt 's script , which is good-natured but does n't idealize any character , and the prickly honesty of Owen 's performance .
The problem is that the movie always takes the easy way , scattering a few heavy , confrontational scenes among acres of picturesque montages .
In spite of the fine lead performance , Back is a grey , unedifying slog from grief and hopelessness to parental semi-competence .
The Boys Are Back is not a perfect movie -- but you ca n't do much better than Owen , who beautifully plays against his darkly brooding persona .
Shot in the glorious golds and greens of South Australia 's autumn , it 's a convincing tale of spiritual and emotional rehabilitation , perhaps not as important as it wants to be , but not exactly a waste of time , either .
The Boys Are Back is a bit like the parenting it portrays -- at times there is pain , mistakes will be made , but if you can get beyond that , there is pleasure to be found .
This lovely and emotionally resonant film about a family shattered by grief deserves better than a forgettably glib title that conjures up images of beer brawls or gangster affiliations .
It sounds like the start of a Neil Simon sitcom , or some Dennis Quaid movie for Disney , with Rene Russo sweeping in during the second act to bring some order . Actually , that might have been okay . At least it would have had a few jokes .
Despite buoyant performances from its cast and an excellent score by Sigur Rós , cloying sentimentality is in heavy supply throughout Scott Hick 's adaptation of Simon Carr 's memoir .
A hairs-breadth thumbs down ; Owen 's trademark tousled charm carries stretches of too-loose widower 's tale The Boys Are Back , but otherwise overly familiar dramatic plotting elicits lukewarm positive feelings at best .
Where 's Thin Lizzy when you need them ?
With those piercing eyes , Owen makes a lovely , soulful Joe , of course . But it 's not the nice papa we want to understand here , it 's the unapologetically naughty one .
The content of Allan Cubitt 's script , based on Simon Carr 's memoir , is meaty and straightforward , which gives it an unexpected power .
Carr 's original anecdotes do n't supply much storyline , so Hicks spans the gaps with golden-lit montages set to Sigur Rós . They 're a great advertisement for Australian vacations . And vasectomies .
Owen brings insight and honesty to this otherwise by-the-numbers adaptation of Simon Carr 's memoir , which director Scott Hicks bathes in shimmering golden tones as if the characters lived at the end of the rainbow .
Scott Hicks ' film never confuses sentimentality for genuine feeling . Owen brings a range to this role that that he has n't previously had much opportunity to reveal .
Mr. Owen plays all the colors and emotions of the parenting dilemma with a probing wit and a sense of humanity that are thrilling to watch . Roguish yet vulnerable , he gives a performance that is both rough-hewn and gently nuanced .
There 's nothing terribly wrong with this leisurely paced chronicle of a single father 's struggles parenting his two sons , but there 's nothing terribly right with it , either .
OK , it sounds like a tear-jerker , and sometimes it drifts dangerously close . But Owen , in a heartfelt , award-caliber performance , never goes soft . It 's his core of toughness that makes the movie so funny , touching and vital .
A richly emotional and heartfelt drama that should strike a strong chord with discerning movie audiences around the world .
After a decade of weak films , Hicks has made his strongest work since Shine , an intimate and emotional father-son melodrama that while conventional and predictable benefits from Clive Owen 's presence in a part that updates Hoffman 's in Kramer Vs. Kramer .
A head-turning performance by Clive Owen and a similar breakthrough from Emma Booth ... an incredibly powerful and moving film .
Never does anything feel forced or contrived . Life , as this memoir reminds , can offer plenty of drama that need not abide by fictional formulas or genre conventions .
The pain of divorce and the tragedy of a parent 's death supply the raw emotional materials of The Boys Are Back , making it all the more impressive that director Scott Hicks steers clear of the maudlin and the manipulative ...


@highlight

Great performances by Clive Owen and The Boys save this melodrama from entering into the sappy territory it might have in less competent hands .