In the great tradition of summer popcorn hits , Angelina Jolie 's action-spy thriller Salt is stupid but fun .
Salt is blissfully terrible .
The plot , which sees the return of communist Russians intent on tearing down American society , makes for a welcome change when cinema and television are obsessed with Muslim bad guys .
Overly concerned with creating the next Greengrass/Damon superteam with his star Angelina Jolie , Phillip Noyce forgets to tell us just who Salt really is and thus , the film lacks the punch that it should have .
A solid thriller that too often relies on action -- rather than character development -- to tell its intriguing story .
It 's certainly not a bad movie . It 's got enough entertainment value to warrant a rental on a dull night at home , just not enough to recommend rushing out to your local theater .
Jolie one-ups Bruce Willis in DIE HARD , being chased down , climbing walls , and blowing up sh*t not only without shoes but also without underpants .
A somewhat predictable genre thriller that asks the audience to accept its flawed premise and revel in the ensuing violence .
It thinks it 's The Bourne Identity even though it actually has more in common with Gotcha ! Not that there 's anything wrong with Gotcha !
There are moments of well-crafted thrills in Salt and Jolie reliably carries them off , but the desire of the filmmakers to put off thinking about the finale until they absolutely had to produces a hollow lack of satisfaction .
Salt does n't spring many surprises , but settling for smartly staged setpieces over twists and turns in an action movie sounds like a square deal .
You have to take it on face value to find the entertainment -- and there 's plenty to enjoy here thanks to Jolie .
Salt 's urgency drains as it goes ... Just enjoy watching Jolie roll through her stunts , then -- a good time can possibly still be had by all .
The reason Salt succeeds is because it believes in its lunacy and goes for it in a frank , but fabulous way .
Salt could have been a pretty good brain-dead summer popcorn thriller , but director Phillip Noyce and star Angelina Jolie lend it too much weight without providing any depth .
Though the film and the script may have flaws , Jolie has none .
Despite its sloppy , often outlandish , story , and obvious twists , the film does work , if only as an enjoyably intense , and surprisingly bleak , B-movie that rarely lets up once it gets going .
... director Phillip Noyce drives the film at a breakneck pace to keep the audience from noticing the convenient coincidences and oversights . It 's a rush for all that ...
`` Salt '' and `` silly '' both begin with a `` S. '' That could n't be a coincidence , right ? Paul Chambers , CNN .
Casting a lithe Jolie as the film 's protagonist stops Salt from being a Bourne knock-off or a Mission : Impossible reboot and gives the tired espionage genre a novel twist .
I think it 's about time I stopped giving -LSB- Angelina Jolie -RSB- the benefit of the doubt
full review at Movies for the Masses
What 's most impressive about Salt -LRB- aside from Jolie 's committed performance -RRB- is the film 's relentless pace . I ca n't remember the last action film so devoted to being all action , all the time . Frankly , it 's a little exhausting .
An aesthetically pleasing machine , with fine little witty touches .
Ovaj film moe se preporučiti kao zabava jedino gledateljima koji su pri tome spremni u potpunosti isključiti vie funkcije svog mozga
Salt is a good bet for 100 minutes of fun but it does n't have the spark , originality or true thrills of something like Enemy Of The State or the Bourne series .
Angelina Jolie reignites the Cold War in Salt , a welcome throwback to when action was thrilling and visible .
Where a good thriller rewards you with satisfying `` aha ! '' moments when you figure them out , Salt gives you the much less rewarding payoff of `` oooooookaaaay ... ''
Daft , but entertaining enough while it lasts , and it 's oddly fun to see that venerable villainess , the Cold War , showing the young upstarts how it 's done .
Can an action film have too much action ? It sounds unlikely , like a cheese being too cheesy , but here 's Salt to show us different .
Salt certainly ticks most of the boxes , thanks in no small part to a breakneck start and the pulling power of Jolie .
John Le Carré can certainly rest easy at night but if you just want undemanding escapism it delivers the goods .
Jolie plays a killing machine as well as can be expected , but the chill factor here makes for a joyless , as well as preposterous , journey zapped of any joie de vivre .
Why it should be so damn satisfying for women like me to watch these heroines kicking men around is another question . We 'd surely be appalled by the reverse . Just call it a guilty pleasure .
Salt just does what a post-Bourne espionage affair should , with a minimum of fuss and a maximum dose of adrenalin .
It 's pacy , smart , subversive and knocked out with such verve and attack that you 're not in the least bit bothered by how far-fetched it all is .
A thriller jam-packed with ridiculous stunts and a plot that 's arguably the most barking-mad of all this summer 's blockbusters .
I spy a turkey .
By no means a classic , but nonetheless a job well done .
The plot of Phillip Noyce 's spy thriller is continually and unutterably absurd , yet for the first hour , when Salt goes on the run from the Agency , packs a fair few thrills .
Salt does n't mess around trying to be funny or romantic , instead focusing solely on the one thing that counts : pulse-pounding action .
Streamlining the espionage thriller to its finest essences , Salt efficiently moves its pieces into place and proceeds to knock over the dominoes for a gloriously unrelenting hour .
Jolie handles the action scenes with athletic aplomb , a great advance on her Tomb Raider exploits , and changing the lead 's gender certainly spiced up the angle of the CIA agent/spouse relationship .
There 's still a lot to enjoy in Jolie 's performance , and in the undercurrents of ambiguity in Salt , the questions of identity that repeatedly surface in the film .
Just one bombastically soundtracked set of crashes and bangs after another .
Noyce marshals the crunches and bangs well , and it zips along at a pace sufficient enough to keep the paranoia alive .
The focus here is less on creating a credible set of characters and motives than on manufacturing an excuse to have Jolie leapfrog between high-speed lorries .
Salt is certainly no Jason Bourne , but Jolie adds a good pinch of seasoning to the action genre .
Salt deserves to carve a path through the likes of BA Baracus and Sly Stallone to pick up the crown for this summer 's top action flick .
The film is fluff , nonsense and artful tomfoolery , all at the speed of sound .
She 's a very good character trapped in a quite good movie .
Although Angelina 's star power is never in doubt , this is pacey and empty in just about equal measures .
Jolie is pretty much perfect for this sort of role , virtually wordlessly despatching assassins with machine guns , grenades , fists and -- in one particularly wince-inducing scene -- with a taser .
Intelligent filmmaking covers up the whopping plot holes in this action thriller . It 's shot with confidence that makes it thoroughly enjoyable , with a few strong characters and a story that stays in constant motion .
The well choreographed action scenes mask the many weaknesses within the story .
It is just a grand ride while you 're there .
Salt is exciting and intriguing and does n't waste a second of screen time ; and there 's still a surprising degree of suspense and unexpected developments along the way in this very entertaining yarn .
The real point is to give Jolie ample opportunity to go Bonding about , which she does with great verve . It 's impossible to imagine any other female star in Hollywood bringing such ferocious conviction to the task .
An entertaining , fast-paced thriller with exciting action sequences , a gripping set-up and a terrific central performance from Angelina Jolie .
It 's illogical and at times so silly you 'll be choking on your popcorn . But that 's all part of the fun .
Phillip Noyce directs Kurt Wimmer 's script , which rockets along with chase sequences and confounds with double-crosses but it ca n't hide its essentially facile nature .
Salt is rather like a Tom Cruise film -- think Mission : Impossible or Minority Report .
This is a story of espionage that completely forgot to include any of the required intrigue and excitement -- basically a thrill-less thriller .
While Angelina Jolie delivers an engaging performance , the real merit of this film lies in its ability to successfully straddle blockbuster action and stylish thriller .
Shame about the nonsense at the front end and the dunderheaded ending , but the middle act was worth the ticket price .
It 's a movie that gets the job done , as director Phillip Noyce delivers pounding action and exciting chases with efficiency - though with a slightly dour attitude .
Is Salt a double agent or a triple agent ? Did she really marry for love or for professional cover reasons ? We swing on tenterhooks as the story reveals new angles and deeper layers , all the while hoping that Salt does n't let us down
Adrenalin-charged action , assured direction and a star turn by Angelina Jolie makes Salt the best condiment on the action thriller movie menu
I should have been spending time considering why the defector would lie and why Salt would run , but I could n't get past wondering why there are so many ponderous flashbacks .
Salt 's centerpieces are assuredly helmed but lacking in imagination
Director Phillip Noyce does a first-rate job of combining the requirements of modern action film-making with the old-fashioned need to actually know what 's going on , creating a string of chase sequences that are authentically thrilling .
We begin with Jolie blonde and beaten . We later realize she can handle herself . It 's just that the mission she 's on does n't matter .
Amid all the hubbub , Salt emerges as a remarkably efficient character , unapologetically preposterous and unburdened by dialogue .
... more howlers than a convention of timberwolves .
Attempts to cram in a handful of ill-advised surprises while ignoring various plot points it no longer finds convenient to bother with .
Does n't pause for breath as it delivers juicy espionage , mystery and superb thriller entertainment .
Easily the best action film not directed by Christopher Nolan to come around in quite some time ...
Salt is an unabashed throwback to Cold War conspiracies and ludicrous Robert Ludlum-like plotting -LRB- ironic , given that Hollywood had the good sense to update his Bourne character -RRB- .
An old-school trouper rather than a newfangled wink-and-nudger , Noyce ensures that the film keeps a straight face , even when Jolie 's acrobatics seem more Lara Croft than Langley , Virginia .
-LSB- Thanks to the -RSB- kickass persona of Jolie , Salt is a relentless spy thriller that never slows down .
When you see Jolie leap from bridges onto moving semis or when you see how she ingeniously gets a cop to drive with the help of a stun gun , you 're essentially looking at the female version of James Bond . Jolie knows it , and she owns it .
Never a dull moment .
Salt is less fun than it sounds .
... ágil o bastante para divertir , curto o suficiente para não entediar e estúpido na medida certa para não se levar a sério sem , com isso , ofender a inteligência do público .
It 's got some strong action sequences and some clever touches , but mostly the film gets bogged down in a ludicrous , hole-filled plot .
Salt is spilled all over the place . Angelina Jolie 's latest is a shaggy salt shaker . After viewing the genre-abuse of Salt , we stumble out of the theater pole-axed but relieved .
A mysterious main character , lots of action and a complicated plot combine for a pretty good summer popcorn movie .
Angelina Jolie shines in all of the action requirements of the film , but the lack of emotion detracts from the overall entertainment value .
... ridiculous stunts but very entertaining .
So Angie disguises herself as Mario Cantone for whom the White House evidently has an open door policy . ` Some White Houses are more Chris Noth , others are more Mario Cantone , ' explained the helpful White House gate guard as he ushered the Salahis and thei
A bombastic , bells-and-whistles spectacular featuring a fetching , two-fisted femme fatale and offering precisely the sort of riveting roller coaster ride that amounts to a very welcome diversion in the midst of a sizzling , summer heat wave .
Tom Cruise on Oprah 's couch , Dan Gilbert on LeBron James nuts .
I ca n't say if this nicely crafted nonsense will sell as a franchise , but I know that I miss the unpretentiousness of the Bourne movies .
Salt is a senseless blast .
To Jolie 's credit , she is a convincing action star . She ca n't , however , take the movie 's reheated world tensions and make them seem fresh . Long after James Bond settled his score with the Russians , ` Salt ' picks up his fallen torch and wields it clumsily .
Angelina Jolie again steps up to the action star plate and easily hits a triple .
This movie goes back to the old-school style of filmmaking without relying on gimmick-laden CGI special effects . Its strong suit is keeping audiences guessing as to where Salt 's ...
It 's too bad the actress spends more time jumping from pose to pose instead of getting to explore a potentially engrossing character .
Despite its problems , Salt is still rollicking summer movie fun and a great way to dodge the heat .
Very nearly saved , but only barely , by two things : craftsmanship and star power .
Salt proves Jolie has what it takes to stand in the spotlight as a prominent female action star .
Angelina Jolie is a marvel to watch as Evelyn Salt . In her many exciting action sequences AND in her few quiet moments on camera , she simply owns the screen .
A major dud - a picture that is n't smart , is n't fun , and is really just a great big waste of time .
There was enough people getting kicked in the face and punched in various places for me to feel like it was not a complete and total waste of my time .
It stirs memories less of John le Carre and more of Yakov Smirnoff .
Would Salt be as enjoyable if a man had played this role ? Heck no . It 's an amped up , throw-down , all-out action-packed example of girl power and Angelina Jolie kicks off her high heels and runs with it .
It 's loaded with clichés , the story does n't quite work ... but it 's fiercely entertaining to watch . If only they had found a way to get Jolie in a bikini .
An old-school spy vs. spy action film complete with elaborate car and foot chases , deadly sleeper agents and frosty-eyed , vodka-shooting Soviet stalwarts who lament the fall of Communism and chortle evilly over the possibility of destroying the -LSB- USA -RSB- .
Do the filmmakers think of us as magpies , so easily distracted by shiny objects -- or , in this case , slow-motion explosions and fast-paced physics-defying chase sequences -- that we 'll buy even the most outlandish plot holes ?
Salt , a ludicrous but somehow credible spy thriller starring Angelina Jolie , delivers a swift , super-charged kick in the pants .
As a consumable resource , Salt goes down easy , but it 's lacking both nourishment and flavor .
A more swiftly assembled spy thriller than anything since ` The Bourne Ultimatum . '
The audience 's relationship to Jolie as an off-screen superhero -- a bona-fide , old-school movie star -- makes her ludicrously competent character seem contiguous with her real-life persona .
This is a movie with a massive Cold War hangover .
How many times have we seen Cruise or Harrison Ford or Bruce Willis evade pursuers or , when the need arises , disable them ? The sex change makes what transpires feel fresh -- and unpredictable .
Requires more than a suspension of disbelief to take it all in without gagging in disbelief .
Tense , timely and enigmatic , it features Hollywood 's most alluring female fighting machine .
Ok action movie that gets bogged down by a convoluted plot , but is elevated by Angelina Jolie 's presence .
At every opportunity Kurt Wimmer 's screenplay puts star Angelina Jolie into situations that are pure Hollywood hokum and from which no mere mortal could escape unscathed , although she always does .
Salt is a smart , fast , breathless blast of a spy flick that emulates the Bourne films in all the right ways .
Thought the recently swapped Russian spy Anna Chapman was foxy ? Hah .
Oh , sure , it 's nutty-as-a-fruitcake insane ... but being this hugely entertaining goes a long way toward making you not want to laugh at it .
-LSB- Jolie is -RSB- probably the most dynamic action star in the movies right now and certainly the most exotic .
Crushingly generic .
-LSB- T -RSB- he limited , forgivable absurdities ... gradually give way to a level of pandemic preposterousness that makes Ethan Hunt look like George Smiley .
Angelina Jolie is definitely worth her salt as an action hero , but Salt is never worth its Angelina Jolie .
Salt is tasty in moderation , though you would n't want to make it a big part of your diet .
Angelina Jolie is great and the film is undeniably expertly made but it 's also shockingly lacking in personality or moments to make it register as more than just an extended chase scene .
Despite the dubious ending , it 's truly a thrilling joyride and worth your time .
Adult popcorn fun , lightweight but durable , with Jolie trading up from her tomb-raiding Lara Croft days for a more complex but equally seductive blend of parkour-based action .
It all happens in such a frenzy of momentum and on-the-fly exposition that some of the more preposterous elements in the story will strike you only in retrospect .
It 's nice to be reminded every so often that they actually can make 'em like they used to .
100 relentless , pummeling minutes of double-crosses , misdirections , and durable but disorienting action sequences
Angelina Jolie is one deadly weapon in this breathless political thriller
Salt proves what many suspect . Angelina Jolie has more testosterone than the average American male .
A highly produced but poorly written rogue-spy thriller featuring an intriguing main character that deserves a better script than this .
Between Jolie 's innate cool , and her ability to dig deeper than most , if not all , of her male action contemporaries , she carries the day - and while she 's carrying , she 's doing her own stuntwork .
The kind of movie that figures if Angelina Jolie can jump onto the roof of one speeding truck , then would n't it be even better if she jumped onto the roofs of three speeding trucks ?
An absurd , twisty thriller that flirts at genuine intrigue before giving in to the worst impulses of subpar spy fiction .
The best action movies can sell their implausibilities with a blend of style , pace and personality . In its indifference to such elements , `` Salt '' is a demonstration of how important they are .
Salt is a good movie for the first hour . After that ...
Some of the cheesiest '80s action movies were more fun than this one because their heroes were trained in a technique alien to Salt : a sense of humor .
When Jolie dons black hair -LRB- looking like a sexy aunt from the Addams Family -RRB- while wielding grenades , she 's fully aware that she 's sparking a new fetish .
So maybe we 're not on the brink of war with Russia , but this intelligent , exhilarating Cold War spy fantasy almost makes you miss those days .
Salt is like a swell summer day at the movies back in 1984 , when flicks knew how to do action and dudes named Vladimir had trouble boarding a Delta flight from New York to Washington .
Salt is swift and fairly clever , if not particularly original .
Overly complex characters , poorly edited action bits and a pileup of ludicrous twists leave this flick a flavorless mess .
Jolie completely rocks this fun , smart and unbelievably relentless action flick . Hopefully , this means we will see more actresses in leading action roles .
Salt is essentially the same movie as The A Team , -LSB- except -RSB- you do n't feel quite as stupid afterwards for having watched it .
We need a reason to root for the hero . ` That 's whose name is in the title ' does n't cut it .
Devoid of thrills , excitement and cleverness , despite an abundance of slick action sequences and Angelina Jolie 's sizzling physique -- errr -- performance . For more bang for your buck , go watch Inception instead .
Salt 's okay summer fun though disappointing and ultimately forgettable .
I 'm fairly certain Salt is not a fictional drama , but instead an insider documentary on the secret life of Angelina Jolie .
Jolie does as well as she can with the twigs they 've given her to make a plot house out of .
-LRB- `` Salt '' -RRB- is an adrenaline rush that keeps you jumping from situation to situation so quickly that you really do not have time to think about the many implausibilities raised throughout the film .
Salt started out successfully enough but quickly flew off the rails and smashed headlong into laughable implausibility .
Momentarily exciting but utter nonsense , a Burmese Tiger Pit built over a gaping plot hole .
`` Salt '' is a film that could n't be more preposterous if it tried and if there is one thing that you can say about it , it is that it is always trying .
It 's pretty much all chase flick and very little exposition . The problem is the film becomes SO far-fetched , you ca n't possibly turn your brain off and buy into its dizzying pace and twisting , turning storyline . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
I would be remiss if I did n't give mention to film editor Stuart Baird , who skillfully conveys the action on screen at a breakneck pace .
Because Salt takes itself with the poker face seriousness of the Bourne pictures only serves to make it more laughable .
Salt changes from super-spy to cartoon-spy , and good implausible becomes bad implausible in a hurry .
Salt seems aware of its own silliness , but that 's actually part of the problem % u2014the movie thinks it 's more fun than it actually is .
While they were busy setting up Salt for a potential sequel , they forgot to make sure the movie stood well enough on its own to merit one .
Preposterously fun , even if no motion picture named Salt should pass by without the story-thickening introduction of a nemesis named Pepper .
An impressive action-thriller that pulls out all the stops .
In a season that 's meant to deliver mind-numbing jollies and has thus far failed , in the main , to do so , Salt deserves some credit for fulfilling its mandate .
Salt succeeds as an unpretentious , confident , and fast-paced action piece .
Its narrative strategy is to leave audiences in the dark for much of the action , but each tidbit we 're given fits into the broader picture . The action scenes are imaginative and elaborate without seeming fake .
Really , who goes to summer action movies for cast-iron logic anyway ? Or for plausible characters , for that matter ?
It 's a slight but solid bit of filmmaking that fuels the fires of conspiracy theorists -LSB- and -RSB- there is something downright quaint about the way it weaves Lee Harvey Oswald into the plot without straining itself
Salt is a well-greased , smoothly functioning machine that drives forward with tremendous momentum , elevating your pulse rate and relieving you of the need to think for more than a second or two at a stretch .
Quickly sacrifices the slightest shred of plausibility in favor of mindless action , and becomes ever more preposterous as it rushes headlong to an apocalyptic finale .
Noyce 's methods of crafting suspense are defiantly old-fashioned : low-angle shots for maximum viewer disorientation and a preference for daredevil stunt work over CGI cheating .
The big mystery is whether or not Salt is a sleeper commie succumbing to Stockholm Syndrome , or just a peeved wife who ca n't seem to master the knack of folding sexy dinner napkins to impress her spouse , a specialist in North Korean bugs .
A relentlessly moving flick that cements Jolie 's position as queen of the action stars .
Phillip Noyce 's Salt is a heck of a lot of fun .
As she tries to find her husband , and perhaps assassinate the Russian president , she 's not quite sure who or what she is . And neither are we . Which is precisely why the whole thing works .
Despite enough hand-to-hand combat to glut an MMA marathon , this movie is about as much fun as getting slugged in the head .
None of it fits together very well , and if you ca n't see the big U-turn in the plot before it occurs , your multiplex occupancy permit should be revoked .
The relentless pace , hair-raising stunts and air of affected gravitas also goes a long way in boosting Salt a rung above much of this summer 's other multiplex fare as a top-notch action thriller .
While the plot is outlandish , it unspools with obvious twists and turns . The film has its tense moments , but instead of dazzle , there 's a workmanlike quality to the action sequences .
Jolie 's action vehicle is just that -- an action vehicle , moving fast but thinking slow .
The kind of thriller that skitters after its star playing catch-up .
may be the first truly successful launch of a female secret agent franchise
I want the Evelyn Salt workout . Otherwise , Salt is ridiculous .
Noyce 's past excursions into action filmmaking , most notably the Harrison Ford-as-Jack Ryan films , have been a bit flavorless , but here he delivers one from the gut .
... a well made actioner with a physically and emotionally committed Jolie performance that will please the popcorn crowd , but it does n't have the intelligence of its forerunner , fellow Aussie director Roger Donaldson 's 1987 `` No Way Out . ''
Like the condiment whose name it shares , director Phillip Noyce 's run-like-hell thriller starring Angelina Jolie satisfies a basic human taste -- something to go with the popcorn . I liked it . It knows what it 's doing .
This high-octane spy thriller may be preposterous , but it 's also preposterously entertaining .
It 's hard not to enjoy ` Salt ' with its vicious stunts , sincere acting moments from Jolie and a wig collection that would make Raquel Welch and Wendy Williams applaud .
Why is Angelina Jolie starring in a Jean Claude Van Damme movie ?
The Fugitive meets Mission : Impossible in a post-Bourne era , with one thing all those movies lacked : -LSB- Angelina -RSB- Jolie .
Salt is a spy movie on the wrong side of ridiculousness ...
Jolie in particular does n't disappoint . Action suits her like a split skirt -- and this may be her best-fitting role to date .
So perfectly paced and quite well-made , but left open-ended for potential sequels rather than being concerned about telling a complete story , it 's not nearly as successful as the movies that influenced it .
While Jolie saves Salt from itself several times , the film still demonstrates how her star power comes with a price when a screenplay ca n't match her smarts .
Even if the picture ultimately winds up being exactly what we figured it would be when we saw the very first preview for it , it still manages to hold our attention throughout .
It 's everything a modern action movie should be , a picture made with confidence but not arrogance , one that believes so wholeheartedly in its outlandish plot twists that they come to make perfect alt-universe sense .
Needlessly leaving the door open for Salt 2 : Saltier , Salt is politically moronic and narratively dead ... as predictable as a feel-good kids ' movie .
It 's like a rebuke to all the lousy action movie directors who 've been banging pots and pans together in our skulls . It winds your clock tight and the alarm does n't go off for 100 minutes .
Angelina Jolie 's half-baked actioner feels like it was unearthed from some pre-Iron Curtain time capsule . Maybe back then we would 've bought the wildly improbable plot .
There comes a point when it becomes difficult to take Salt seriously . That would be fine if this was an intentional parody of action spy thrillers , but it 's not .
The plot holes and credibility gaps overwhelm the moments of excitement .
It 's `` Jason Bourne '' in a skirt and bad wigs .
Beware the deadly shoe-knife .
It 's like a John le Carré double-agent yarn compacted into comic-book pulp as if by the makers of Con Air .
Jolie runs as well as any action hero , and totes weapons better than most ... But unless Jolie teams with Police Woman 's Angie Dickinson and they call the sequel Salt and Pepper , I 'm not interested .
Salt is primed to keep your pulse racing so your brain will stop thinking , `` WTF ! '' Go with the illogic or you 'll miss the fun .
Realism is n't the point , only thrills , which might leave more unprepared moviegoers cross-eyed as Salt rockets through Washington with the type of danger-avoidance skills typically assigned to Bugs Bunny .
Jolie 's days as an action heroine may be behind her . She 's still got the cruel lips . But at some point , a cookie or two needs to pass over them to give her the brawn to pull off this stuff .
Angelina Jolie again proves her action bona fides in this fast-paced but ultimately silly thriller about Russian sleeper agents targeting America .
A Jolie Good Time
If there 's not much suspense in the plotting , at least there 's plenty in wondering how Lara Croft -- oops , Evelyn Salt -- will get out of one impossibly tight scrape after another .
Honestly , if this is the best the CIA , the Secret Service , the NYPD and whatever other government agency tasked with finding bad guys can do , we 're in worse trouble than we thought .
It offends one 's cinematic and political sensibilities just as carelessly as Syriana , Green Zone or Inglourious Basterds .
Salt is a complete dud .
Terrific fun , a movie calculated to make your blood race and your breath catch . Hard to swallow ? Au contraire - it goes down as smoothly as you please .
Things slowly start to deteriorate despite the best efforts of the star and her behind-the-scenes collaborators .
Salt is about as believable as a secret training program for military pilots consisting entirely of kangaroos in flight helmets . But it must be said that the star carries her load admirably .
a knuckle-headed action movie that has less creativity or ambition than it does money and star power
Salt may need to keep running , but I do n't think I need to keep watching .
This is still closer to product than art . Highly satisfying , often exhilarating , refreshingly unpretentious product .
Despite a preposterous script and action sequences that never reach the level of dazzling , Salt remains curiously watchable .
Rather than move and cut to Angelina Jolie 's asphyxiating rhythm -LRB- like Tom Tykwer once did to Franka Potente -RRB- , Phillip Noyce simply keeps out of her way .
It 's easy to figure out what Salt is . But who is she ? That 's a question the film never really seemed interested in answering .
Jolie herself is in her full glory here as a character born when Bond and Brezhnev ruled .
This old-fashioned spy actioner ... is fast-moving , exciting and contains more twists than a tunnel under Checkpoint Charlie .
It 's everything you could ask for from a summer movie .
Philip Noyce keeps the action red hot for a laughably implausible espionage story about Angelina Jolie 's Russian double-spy character Evelyn Salt .
Salt will raise your blood pressure .
It 's exciting and full of smarts and style . Plus it 's got Jolie . This thing rocks .
Noyce rolls up his sleeves and delivers an unpretentious piece of action-movie craftsmanship that proves worthy of its star 's own consummate professionalism .
While preposterous at every turn , Salt is a better Bond movie than most recent Bond movies , as its makers keep the stunts real and severely limit CGI gimmickry .
Since the plot is outlandish , the best way to describe this hybrid is not as a spy-actioner-thriller , but as a star vehicle for Angelina Jolie who deserves better than the second-rate text .
Director Phillip Noyce 's return to major-studio filmmaking maintains a workmanlike competence throughout but lacks inspired chase sequences or diabolical smarts .

@highlight

Angelina Jolie gives it her all in the title role , and her seasoned performance is almost enough to save Salt from its predictable and ludicrous plot .