A 2005 review of this picture would 've registered more shock from me ...
A stupid , brainless , and pointless horror installment with all the usual characters , and pretty bad acting all around ...
This Wax 's infusion of Paris Hilton and flirty teen sex comedy retreads might have sent original wax maniac Vincent Price into spontaneous meltdown , without the need of heating fluid .
Not just fun and funny -LRB- do n't forget , Paris Hilton 's in it -RRB- , but it 's also surprisingly frightening .
full review in Greek
Apparent kills are left unverified , handy firearms are left untouched , and the group splits up a record four times , ensuring most of these dolts will never see the dawn .
Mal actuada , mal editada , previsible de principio a fin y sin terror alguno de por medio , es una de esas cintas que deberían haberse quedado en la fase de proyecto .
Now , if you can just stay sane until the actual slasher portion of the flick takes off , you might be okay .
It 's a bloody , messy little throwback that unintentionally brushes against fetish since it eventually dips so many of its hotties in hot wax .
House of Wax aims low and hits the mark . It has all the gory bloodshed you could ask for and all the right special effects .
After one gets past the trendy casting of Paris Hilton , this above-average horror flick actually surfaces from the bloody pit of remakes clutching a few decent ideas .
The whole thing is vacuously enjoyable , downright nasty in places and , despite the fact that the ending is rushed , has a pretty spectacular finish .
The film 's storyline has more in common with Manos , The Hands of Fate than the original House of Wax .
This is a well-made film with a lot more gore than you 're expecting and a lot less humor than you 're expecting .
It adheres strictly to teen-slasher formula before simply melting away .
Qualquer filme no qual Paris Hilton se revele a figura mais sensata certamente tem algo de muito errado .
Meanwhile , the audience wonders when Paris Hilton will be eviscerated for their enjoyment .
-LSB- House of Wax -RSB- gleefully trots out all the clichés of the genre before going out in a blaze of glory with a truly spectacular final act .
Makes up for its idiot plot with a gallon of gore .
Plastic Paris looks right at home in this melted down remake .
... a throwaway thriller ... Serra conjures up a pseudo-sizzling frightfest that 's not imaginative enough to force a dead tick off a shaggy dog 's hind leg .
This is n't so much a remake of the 1953 classic as a standard slasher movie grafted onto a familiar title .
As far as gory , twisted , sharp-stick-through-the-f -- in ' - head slasher flicks go , the new House of Wax ai n't too shabby .
We 'll always have Paris . But for almost an hour , we endure these dumb children bickering , wandering aimlessly , insulting local hayseeds , and not having sex . That 's hot .
Gives new meaning to the term `` snuff film . ''
Serra brings the universal fear of disfigurement an old fashioned treatment , with natural pacing and a lack of abrasive special effects -LRB- until the terrific looking climax . -RRB-
OK , guys , let 's just cut to the chase : Paris Hilton does not bare all in `` House of Wax . '' That said , the show is n't as awful as I had anticipated .
Either jump in with both feet or do n't bother at all .
Filled with the usual contemporary horror staples , most notably lots of rusty torture implements and cellphones that tend to scurry mischievously out of reach just as the villain bears down on his prey .
A script that offers few thrills and a slapdash story .
Not a classic by any means , but satisfactory in the basics of the genre .
Expect lots of Slasher Movie 101 and putatively clever jibes at a certain high-profile hotel heiress -LRB- involving a video camera , of course , and a box full of cell phones that do n't work -RRB- .
Fright films that deliver the shocking goods with noticeable dashes of wit and style are so hard to find these days , even a flawed one such as House of Wax deserves to be given a chance .
Should make horror fans quite content .
Her demise is spectacularly gruesome , gory and bloody and the filmmakers even throw in an entirely too obvious gag about the hotel heiress ' penchant for letting herself get recorded on video tape .
If you 've seen one horror movie , you 'll always be several steps ahead of everyone in House of Wax .
A mundane slasher flick populated by blandly pretty people who look really good in sweaty tank tops .
A sizzling grand finale is among the few reasons to endure House of Wax .
When I was n't laughing at the asinine plot developments or the ridiculously inept acting , I was straining to stay awake .
Forty-five minutes of stultifying boredom , followed by preposterous carnage pilfered from The Texas Chainsaw Massacre .
My contempt for this film is so great , I 'm reluctant to even call it a film , as that designation places it in the pantheon of works by Welles , Hitchcock and even Ed Wood .
The 1933 and 1953 versions are available on a single DVD for slightly less than the price of two evening movie tickets . Am I making myself clear ?
House of Wax 's violence is abrupt and gory , giving it an ick factor that surprises and repulses in a good way .
I 've got some real affection for House of Wax and perhaps that , more than anything , is why I wish it were just a tiny bit better .
Much of the film 's running time is devoted to subtle provoking of primal fears ...
It had a great sense of humor about itself .
-LRB- Director -RRB- Collet-Serra has no facility for suspense or mood , and he stretches out the brain-dead dialogue and plodding plot until it 's numbing .
Says Paris : `` I 'm dismissed when I get a pole in my head which , as anyone in tune with my video career knows , is hardly the first time . ''
Melts in your brain , not in your hand -LRB- or is that it melts your brain ? -RRB-
The plot relies entirely on the stupidity of the protagonists and our desire to watch them die .
Do n't blame Hilton for this misbegotten Wax job
' ... the 2nd best Paris Hilton film I 've seen this year . '
The 2005 remake does n't hold a candle to the original .
... does n't look down upon its target audience ... House both treats and terrorizes while legitimizing itself next to other slasher classics .
You 'll be rooting for these people to get slaughtered out of sheer boredom .
The unmistakable promise of a sequel in the last scene inspires more resignation than anticipation .
Such a vile and despicable heap of trash that I pity any lucid person who will actually pay decent money to sit through it .
This movie gives it to you , as no movie has in some years .
When the cast starts wondering where the roadkill is , someone says , ` Follow the smell . ' Good tip : That 's how you 'll know where Wax is playing .
It delivers some bracingly nasty gore scenes , but there 's no spark left in the run-scream-repeat formula , and a movie whose biggest draw is profoundly untalented hotel-fortune heiress Paris Hilton is in desperate need of some juice .
A very stupid , very nasty and very messy horror film .
Most alarming , the movie leaves open the possibility of a sequel .
It 's nowhere near as punishing as Rob Zombie 's House of 1,000 Corpses , but it 's increasingly tense and resourceful and , in the end , it gets the sick job done .
Film lacks horror and originality .
Wretched excuse for a horror flick .
The debut feature from director Jaume Collet-Serra does two things rare in the horror genre : It takes its time and it actually gets better as it goes along .
`` Something 's dead out there . '' Yeah , like this movie .
None of it is staged with any panache .
A standard-issue ` dead teenager movie . '
Yet another teens-versus - hillbillies slasher flick .
The movie would have been creepier if it had shut us inside the museum , and given us more creative wax-based killings instead of revisiting familiar slasher-flick stuff .
A remake in title only , this House of Wax is mostly inspired by The Twilight Zone and the Friday the 13th movies .
Yet for a so-called exploitation film , Wax is slow to exploit . Its leisurely setup is a fright-challenged snooze , and at nearly two hours it 's bloated for a slasher flick .
The original was shot in 3-D ; this , by contrast , is 1-D all the way .
Most of this seems like a Marilyn Manson video .
There is not one redeeming moment in this movie , unless you consider Paris Hilton stripping down to her underwear and getting killed redeeming .
The acting in House of Wax is as horrible as you might expect .
The new remake of House of Wax proves it 's actually possible for a movie to get dumber as it goes along .
Not to focus too much on Paris Hilton , but she brings an art to bad acting .
And in keeping with the wax , wax , everywhere WAX concept of this goofy little gore-bucket , I 'll just glibly assume that the screenplay was written in crayon .
`` House of Wax '' is a classic , of a kind ... It plays its alarming carnage straight , and it 's very scary .
The filmmakers have one good idea ... Otherwise , the picture remains imagination-free .
This is n't boring , but is as predictable as can be .
low-rent in every respect ... When her character , Paige , performs a striptease , Hilton 's moves are so lethargic and mechanical she 's about as arousing as Bugs Bunny in drag .
The acting in House of Wax ranges from bad to worse .
House of Wax is not a good movie but it is an efficient one , and will deliver most of what anyone attending House of Wax could reasonably expect , assuming it would be unreasonable to expect very much .
Redeemed by the surreal nightmare of its fiery finale , when it 's not a wicked witch but the world itself that seems to be crying , ` I 'm melting ... '
Irritating , boring , poorly acted , poorly directed and poorly written .
This is bad horror at its best : hokey , predictable and completely unrealistic .
Enough of an original spin on the premise to make this the creepiest horror remake in quite some time .
Rookie director Jaume Collet-Serra concentrates on mild shocks , unpleasant bloodiness and a dank stickiness in the set design .
A sadistically bland entertainment that oversells its reveals and lets its suspense drip so long that it would be nice if something -LRB- anything ! -RRB- happened .
Gosh , I have to admit it : it 's more enjoyable than I thought to watch Paris die .
While the end is predictable , the order that the kids are picked off is not . It might feel new to viewers who have n't seen many of the ` classic ' 80s slasher flicks .
If you 're okay with standard slasher flicks and you enjoy grandiose special effects , then House of Wax might be worth a trip to the theater for you . If not , wait for the DVD .
House of Wax is not a remake of the 1953 Vincent Price movie with the same title . Rather , it is the umpty-third version of The Texas Chain Saw Massacre .
If you like that kind of thing , and you can get past the first 20 minutes or so , the good news is that the movie keeps getting better as it goes along .
House of Wax really heats up in the final reel . That , considering the subject matter , is one way to bring down the house .
House of Wax is practically a textbook case on how not to make -LSB- a horror -RSB- film .
With a minimally talented cast , it focuses on the most ludicrous , repulsive aspects : Paris Hilton , the slaughter and melting wax .
-LSB- P -RSB- imping ... Paris Hilton to movie audiences is -LSB- the -RSB- primary reason for the existence of this crass ` remake ' ...
Paris Hilton is the least of the film 's problems , and when Paris Hilton is the least of your problems , you know you 're in trouble .
House of Wax is Paris Hilton 's best movie .
More gleeful , more deliciously sick , and cleverer than most .
... dominated by long , unnecessarily prolonged sequences in which the various characters are either poking around where they should n't or hiding from a deformed maniac .
House of Wax is a cinematic candle in the wind . Through gusty horror clichés , tepid acting and cheap thrills , it somehow never completely dims .
This Wax is more junk food quality , skipping along inside its traditional horror trappings with eagerness and a rare lack of cynicism or pale ghost children .
I wanted to see Paris Hilton die early and painfully . Nothing else really mattered .
2005 's House of Wax turns out to be a better reimagining of `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' than last year 's lousy remake
It 's sad that the film had to place Hilton front & center with a video camera joke , then a BJ gag before finally having a large phallic object go right through her face .
In this film , Paris is the brains of the outfit .
Related to the 1953 Vincent Price film in name , embalming technique and Warner Bros. pedigree only , the new House of Wax is a dreary , predictable tale .
House of Wax is cheap , dirty entertainment , and it knows it .
The set design is fairly elaborate by the standards of the genre , and the victims do n't die in precisely the order you might expect , but everything else goes pretty much according to formula .
A by-the-numbers slasher flick .
The acting is so generic and dead that they might as well have poured hot wax on all the characters in the first scene .
A roughhouse between the Hayes 's dingbatty script ... and director Sera 's winking and surprisingly skillful treatment of it ... ultimately disappointing .
House of Wax is a sturdy and cohesive representative of what tends to be a flimsy and tawdry B-movie genre .
As a frightfest it 's better than today 's average .
A crummy horror flick .
Scary , scream-and-squirm-inducing , and suspenseful , it 's the first unequivocally good -- and often downright great -- popcorn entertainment of the still-early summer movie season .
Hilton is the cinematic equivalent of a stray dog , an untrained extra that accidentally wandered into the shot and quickly began making love to the camera .
House of Wax is suspenseful , well-paced and , other than Hilton , capably acted .
As embarrassingly guilty pleasures go , House of Wax does a decent job of molding itself to your needs .
A horror movie can get away with a lot , but once it crosses a certain line , it is insulting to viewers . House of Wax crosses that line .
As slick as it is , House of Wax basically serves up the kind of gory , oozing jolts that will transport some toward a kind of antic release and others towards the nearest exits .
The remake of House of Wax anchors itself firmly in the time-honored tradition of horror exploitations .
There 's more to good filmmaking than buying the rights to a classic title .
House of Wax is incredibly old fashioned , sticking strongly to the rhythms of a million exploitation cheapies from the early 80s .
Though this is a step up from the usual teen snuff-movie fare , it still very much wanes more than it waxes .
Cruelty to stupid characters is n't disturbing , it 's just condescending . And being mean for mean 's sake is an empty enterprise , in my book .
The camera is like a loving captive of Hilton 's assured smirk and self-aware demeanor . It 's as if she 's acting while watching herself on an internal monitor .
The film does everything that teen horror flicks are supposed to do , but Hilton undermines it all by not even trying to act .
Hilton runs the gamut of emotions from A to A-minus , and the others look desperate to forget that this dazzlingly dumb debacle will be on their resumes .
Sadism is the only thing House has going for it
how seriously should any film be taken when it has Paris Hilton and her lacy red lingerie in a supporting role ?
A museum of gory , joyless , easy shocks .
Slasher-lite
First-time director Jaume Collet-Serra lingers over the victims at lengths discomfortingly gratuitous even by slasher standards . But he also demonstrates a droll touch .
That 's hot .
Delivers what its fans come for -- gore , violence , a little sex , lots of wax .
Unexciting reimagining of the 1953 classic House of Wax , which was a remake of the superb 1933 Mystery of the House of Wax
The characters are about as intelligent as their waxen alter-egos , making it impossible to care too much about what happens to them .
Characters are rote and unremarkable , plot devices predictable and the camera cheats by sticking close to actors so a viewer can not see from where the next shock will come .









@highlight

Bearing little resemblance to the 1953 original , House of Wax is a formulaic but better-than-average teen slasher flick .