The trenches are insane , but what awaits is worse .
These performances dovetail nicely with Dibb 's intention to keep us in the soldiers ' headspace .
Gripping , myopic and brilliantly-acted , if a tad predictable as such WWI films inevitably are .
What 's more interesting about Journey 's End is its detail .
The movie is very strong stuff , offering proof that Sherriff 's play is unjustly neglected .
Its cerebral message boils down to a `` war is hell '' theme , a sentiment that 's been conveyed more effectively in countless other works . It 's a journey that mostly retraces steps .
It 's like a handsomely constructed , old-fashioned item of furniture , the sort of well-crafted drama that 's fallen out of favor but still captures your admiration .
Playing young men facing possible , even probable , doom , the actors are magnificent .
Lugubrious and anticlimactic , inadequate testimonial to those slaughtered in this pointless battle , and the million more who would die before the war 's end .
There 's a heavy-handed and dated feeling about this version of `` Journey 's End '' - it never really breaks loose from its theatrical origin .
Solid performances , especially from stand out Sam Claflin . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Director Saul Dibb puts us in the midst of the trench warfare that defined World War I .
The gritty visuals mostly liberate the material from its confined roots as a stage play , and the sharp ensemble cast ensures that the emotional impact still resonates a century later .
Period war movies may be the only genre left that can plausibly ignore the modern -LRB- and justified -RRB- demand for diversity ; the least such movies can do is reveal the cracks in the façade of privilege , and Journey 's End does so .
The actors are superb at impressing some humanity onto this ugliness .
Director Saul Dibb provides a perfectly pitched retelling , capturing the look and feel of trench warfare and doing most of his filming by candlelight .
War is hell but we 've seen that story before . Journey 's End manages to reaffirm the message in a tale that is both harrowing and heartbreaking .
By keeping us down in the muck , Dibb and company generate an intimacy rare to war films - and especially welcome in a story so rich in characters .
Stagy and deliberate in its pacing , the earnest World War I drama Journey 's End provides a wonderful opportunity for its cast members to demonstrate some actorly acting .
What might have slipped into cliche feels timeless here , thanks to Saul Dibb 's taut adaptation and the cast 's understated performances . Fear and distraction approaches theatre of the absurd , especially Samuel Beckett 's Waiting for Godot
What does a movie based on a 90-year-old play about World War I have to say to contemporary audiences ? Plenty .
No mere period piece ... Like ` Paths of Glory , ' ` Journey 's End ' proves that the lessons taught by one of the most destructive wars in human history remain potent today , at least when as well delivered as they are here .
This taut , emotionally wrenching snapshot of both the mythologies and grim realities of war possesses useful reminders about self-deception and abuse of power , especially at a time when bellicose rhetoric and war cabinets seem to be the order of the day .
The play wears well , even if its ending is a bit dated ...
Contains raw authenticity in both the production design and characterizations that juxtapose both young and old caught up in this hell
Journey 's End is a distressing examination of how the wait for war is enough to destroy these men 's spirits .
Nothing happens and everybody talks incessantly .
A necessary antidote to the patriotic gore of `` Dunkirk '' .
Saul Dibb 's World War 1 tale of British soldiers in the trenches is a bleak , sobering experience that puts audiences through a wringer . It 's also an emotional powerhouse you will not forget .
Journey 's End does justice both to the horrors of war and to the spirit that can sometimes , somehow , transcend it .
This drama about the first World War is quietly moving as it conveys the horrors of war without heaviness , focusing on humanity and relying little on battle scenes .
An intelligent , meticulously crafted drama about British soldiers in the trenches of World War I.
Antiwar films do n't have to be great to be worthy ; this one is very , very good .
Exemplary art-house fare .
This new film does n't have a particularly new take on the material . It 's Journey 's End , told again , and told quite well . So whether or not it will astound you has a lot to do with how familiar you are with the source material .
For a movie based on 90-year-old source material , `` Journey 's End '' works remarkably well .
A rattling sound design and the cinematographer Laurie Rose 's excellent use of low light are n't enough to make the experience immediate .
A somber , well-acted WWI drama .
Though set at a specific moment in time , the film could be about terminal cancer patients or condemned prisoners , a deeply felt catalog of the behaviors of men who know they 're about to die .
Is there any artistically compelling reason for the existence of the latest adaptation ... Not really , but it 's a good play , once again providing juicy roles to fresh and established talent . That 'll suffice .
Director Saul Dibb has infused his adaptation of R.C. Sherriff 's play with a striking sense of urgency .
... a brilliant exposition of what life was like in the trenches and the futility of even trying to hope . The battle scenes are excruciatingly realistic ... ranks with the best war films of all time .
In this earnest expression of horror and fear , it 's not just the nerves which are shot to pieces . There 's much stiff upper lip talk of putting on a good show . And this very fine British film certainly does just that .
Brittle , angry and disillusioned , it 's a stunning portrayal of what Stanhope 's experience has done to him . It 's a revelation from an actor who is clearly capable of a lot more than what we have seen of him .
Director Saul Dibb gives the film a remarkable sense of authenticity , with introspective performances from a gifted cast . The film sharply depicts the details of these men as they cope with their situation .
When the film 's more explosive moments come , Dibb has earned them , partly through the emotional credit accumulated by a uniformly excellent cast .
Bettany is seriously good here .
Powered by memorable performances and Dibb 's sobering deconstruction of the individuals who fought for their country , the engrossing Journey 's End is a hard-nosed , hard-hitting centennial tribute to Britain 's heroes .
Journey 's End deserves commendation for its refusal to descend into melodrama ; this is not nostalgic period drama , but an unvarnished depiction of organised murder .
Journey 's End is charged with electricity : I have rarely seen a war film that conveys so powerfully the pained tenderness of comrades , and the insidious creep of fear .
Blackadder Goes Forth plays very much like a comic version of the same yarn . It is , nonetheless , worth allowing the old warhorse one more circuit of the track .
Still , the play is a solid thing , significant for being one of the original texts in the literature devoted to the war ; and it could n't be filmed much better than it is in Saul Dibb 's adaptation , a well-judged movie with an excellent cast .
While it clearly has nothing like the budget or visual effects that Steven Spielberg lavished on War Horse , it does have two very important things going for it : perfect timing and a deeply moving authenticity .
In the year that we commemorate the centenary of the First World War drawing to a close , Journey 's End could n't be a more timely drama .
Sam Claflin is particularly good as the boozy , brooding Captain Stanhope , whose intensity , belligerence and self-loathing flesh out what might in less capable hands have been a cliched , shell-shocked soldier .
A fine ensemble cast display various shades of bravery and suffering .
One to savour .
Think of it as a really , really , little gem .
While it 's a stretch to believe that only three years separate the world-weary Stanhope and Raleigh , who looks about 14 , maybe that 's the point . Wars do that to people , then as now .
A descent into the muddy trenches of World War I that is intimate and immediate , melancholy and profoundly moving . An experience as visceral as it is intellectual .
It is a moving , thought-provoking piece of work that genuinely impresses .
The first world war is one of the 20th century 's oldest , grimmest tales of futility and slaughter . Dibb and his excellent cast put new passion into it .
It 's exactly the film you think it 's going to be - for better and for worse .
This version of Journey 's End may not offer any new perspectives into its subject matter but it is made with a commitment and intensity that stop it from ever seeming old fashioned .
Director Saul Dibb -LRB- Bullet Boy -RRB- brings a tense immediacy to this stagey chamber piece .
This haunting , sensitive film is another reminder of the futility of war , rendered small-scale and close-up in this instance but with big implications .
Claflin and Bettany stand out among an impressive ensemble in a harrowing , powerful WW1 drama well worth enduring .
Even if Journey 's End will perhaps not be remembered as a classic of the genre , it is nevertheless a well made war film that with good performances that is worth checking out .
An outstanding cast savours performing a play that has stood the test of time . Avoiding sentimentality , this is a valuable rejoinder to those who would sugar-coat mass slaughter .
Armed with a taut , uncluttered screenplay by Simon Reade and a splendid group of actors , Dibb evokes the terror and misery of the trenches without lapsing into preachiness or sentimentality .
Dibb 's film at times feels of a piece with Christopher Nolan 's Dunkirk , from the oppressive immediacy of the camerawork to the heavy , droning soundtrack .
It 's an adaptation that , if not quite a classic , deserves to be mentioned in the same breath as the best films to take on the subject .
This Journey 's End is still a stage play filmed . But it could hardly be filmed better .
If there 's something holiday-schoolwork-ish about it - very decent , not quite urgent - some wonderfully acted moments carry the day .
A genuinely moving and thoroughly affecting piece of filmmaking , which tells a simple story with honesty and commendable reserve .
Few stage staples from 90 years ago would easily translate to the screen today , yet R.C. Sherriff 's once near-ubiquitous `` Journey 's End '' proves potent as ever in this sturdy new adaptation ...
Nevertheless , Journey 's End is a worthy adaptation , offering a sombre psychological depiction of innocence lost .
A robust , sinewy production that honours the film 's enduring themes and proves that it has stood the test of time .
Keep calm and carry on , right past the marquee .

@highlight

Journey 's End brings R.C. Sherriff 's 90-year-old play to the screen with thrilling power , thanks to director Saul Dibb 's hard-hitting urgency and brilliant work from a talented cast .