Galifianakis -LSB- is -RSB- able to turn on a dime ; balancing his disarming humour with moments of anguished outbreaks . His is one of the best supporting performances of recent memory ; equally funny and heartbreaking . If only I could say the same of the movie .
For all its problems , though , the film is easy-going , frequently channels into a sweet-natured tone and is able to raise a few chuckles .
It may not be One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest , but it 's also not Patch Adams .
... runs out of steam about half way through but with a likable cast and an interesting setup you 'll want to finish what you started .
It 's also a kind of two-dimensional romance , a kind of flippant look at life on a mental ward , and -LRB- ... -RRB- kind of made me want to give Zach Galifianakis a hug .
It 's Kind of a Funny Story lacks substance , but after you 've spent a short time in this ward , you have to agree with Craig : These crazies are n't so bad .
The film 's central element -- its sensitive exploration of a young teen 's emotional confusion -- creates strong audience empathy , however , and gives Fleck and Boden a fertile focus for their signature light-hearted humanist storytelling .
Wavering between affecting dramedy and goofy asylum - com , this is an enjoyable but superficial placebo that soft-soaps the realities of psychological disorder .
-LSB- A -RSB- flimsy , box-ticking quirk fest .
As a self-help sitcom , it feels both glib and icky . Glicky ?
In the end , like the instantly-forgettable title , it 's kind of neither one thing nor the other and certainly no match for the likes of One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest or even Girl , Interrupted .
Boden and Fleck expertly negotiate the fine line between sunny optimism and deepest despair , as Craig 's emergence into a renewed love for life is offset by the rather different kind of departure that is delicately hinted for another main character .
This boy does n't need therapy or happy pills but a large slap round the chops .
No it 's not . It 's kind of a rubbish story .
As disposable as a paper cup and , for such promising directors , a serious regression .
It 's a fine teen film - and how often do you see those words in the same sentence ?
A pleasant movie , but no more .
It kind of is n't .
I 'm pretty sure if I 'd seen this movie when I was 17 , I would have loved it .
In the end , the title of the film contains an irony that may be lost on the filmmakers : this is kind of a funny story , no more , no less .
Agonizingly trite
Normally , when you have a story in which three of the main characters suffer from depression and are suicidal , you would not expect the movie to be particularly funny or uplifting . This is an exception .
Has a genuine understanding of the protagonist , but ends up betraying him .
Hardly funny .
It 's a neat comedy without being a neat and tidy comedy .
The journey is aided immeasurably by the casting of Keir Gilchrist as young Craig . He has dark , sensitive eyes and a probity about him that wins you to his side .
Here is the most uplifting , quirky film I 've seen in a long time . It brought me joy .
Writing and directing partners Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck have come up with a smart little film , a gentle drama with both an embraceable tone and a refreshing optimism .
Even though the film is somewhat mopey , it 's also packed with great moments .
kind of funny , kind of touching , kind of moving , kind of odd , kind of quirky , and kind of lots of other thing , but , it 's never fully anything
-LSB- S -RSB- weet and good-natured but too mild and timid to have any real impact ...
The title kind of says it all
The people most out of touch with reality are not those onscreen , but the people behind the camera who think this film is a reflection of coping with depression .
Enjoyable comedy/drama with an engaging script , appealing characters , a superb soundtrack and terrific central performances from Keir Gilchrist and Zach Galifianakis .
Fleck and Boden have basically taken all of the progress they made between films 1 and 2 and dramatically reversed the process for their mainstream debut .
The title of ` best movie ever set in a mental hospital ' remains firmly secure with ` One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest . '
Ryan Fleck and Anna Boden , the film 's co-writing-directing team , are too principled to tip the film into the slacker reaches of sorrow .
... sort of upper-middle class Precious , an emo flick for self-indulgent white kids who have considered suicide when the rainbow is enuf .
Low-key adolescent angst , marred by the type of brief fantasy shots and sequences -LRB- the characters as rock stars , lip-synching ` Under Pressure ' -RRB- that have become a let 's - go-for-an-easy-laugh crutch for filmmakers .
Zach G.is the next Bill Murray .
It 's a less anguished , much funnier ` One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest ' ...
... able to honestly juggle mental illness and a sense of hope .
A rich and unusual film that really defies categorization .
The writing-directing team of Ryan Fleck and Anna Boden have created a solid mix of serious , darker scenes and flights of fancy .
The acting is strong , with Galifianakis doing an especially good job as the likeable Bobby .
Is that the best approach to take about a subject as heady as mental illness , especially at a time when there are more kids on Zoloft than Flintstones ? chewables ?
Where?s Nurse Ratched when you really need her ?
Call it `` Cuckoo Light '' with a PG 13-appropriate amount of angst and just enough laughs and creativity to keep your attention .
It?s no `` One Flew Over the Cuckoo?s Nest , '' but this little dramedy about life in a Brooklyn psych ward has its small charms .
Genuine moments of discovery exist between modest Craig and inquisitive Noelle a-la Cameron Frye and Sloane Peterson , with a touch of The Breakfast Club mixed in ...
Disappointingly facile ... despite an understated , observant turn from Galifianakis .
It 's Kind of a Funny Story proves Zach Galifianakis is more than just a bearded clown - but he needs to seek out better scripts .
Zack Galafianakis delivers a surprisingly emotional yet awkwardly funny performance in a film that rides that fine line of drama and comedy . I left with a smile on my face .
This is a strange failing for the tag team who has handled the wounded so well in previous outings .
Weird . And disappointing .
It 's not great , but the good outweighs the bad .
It 's Kind of a Funny Story manages to affirm the good things in life without ever whitewashing the bad .
Coming-of-age dramedy explores teen pressures , angst .
. . the film is n't original , the star is flat , and , perhaps most damaging of all , we never really get the sense that Craig 's problems are anything other than a normal teen 's .
The message is contradictory at best and dangerous at worst , though it seems that Boden and Fleck at least intended to make a life-affirming film .
It 's not a film , it 's a bland , overly long sitcom straining for the funny ... something along the lines of Two and A Half Men-tal Cases .
Respected indie filmmakers with a niche in social-realist drama try their hand at winsome comedy , fall flat on their critically acclaimed faces .
Like a short course of intelligence-numbing anti-depressants : Though it may make you feel temporarily better , it 's probably not worth the icky aftertaste .
Disarmingly gentle , sweet and whimsical .
The third time is charmless for writers/directors Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck .
Ken Kesey is probably rolling over in his grave somewhere , but once you get past the faux-psychiatry trappings , It 's Kind of a Funny Story is n't a bad little comedy .
Writer-directors Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck fail to energize their mild-mannered , overly pat material .
Despite the pleasant , loopy energy and fine performances -- Galiflanakis conjures a surprisingly sad character , and I grew fond of Gilchrist , with his impenetrable black eyes and rosebud mouth -- you walk out of it shaking your head .
So many elements , from its setup to scenes of therapy sessions and hallway high jinks , seem as canned as the blandest dayroom Muzak .
Co-directors Ryan Fleck and Anna Boden , who directed the gritty indie dramas Half Nelson and Sugar , go all gooey and sentimental here .
A funny and warm film that addresses its serious issues with sensitivity but refuses to become bogged down in somberness .
It 's easy to see why the reviews out of Toronto were unkind -- this is easily cast as trivial stuff . But I think its easygoing charm has a lot to recommend it .
Fails to achieve much resonance in its projected tone but occasionally stumbles upon a more apropos one .
The movie is another winner for the duo , and although portions of it reek a bit too much of overly familiar cliché thanks to a solid second half it ends up being a picture I can recommend without too many reservations .
Throw in solid performances , a terrific script with witty and spot-on dialogue , and plenty of creative directorial flourishes and this comes off as a winning offering . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
Witty and imaginative fantasy sequences that make the unabashed decency and kindness at its heart even more touching .
Aided by solid performances , this offbeat comedy lives up to its title , though it could have stepped a little farther out on the ledge .
In the way that it really listens to and seems to understand its teen characters , it 's clear that writer-directors Boden and Fleck share a real affinity for John Hughes .
You?ve heard of `` Little Miss Sunshine ? '' `` It?s Kind of a Funny Story '' is more like `` Little Mister Rain Cloud . ''
Mental illness is not inherently funny . But people acting crazy can be .
The film itself is fairly slight : I 'm not sure what it adds up to . Still , I enjoyed every moment ...
Above all , Fleck and Boden break the fourth wall brilliantly and frequently , and that inventiveness is one of the film 's great charms .
... limp and phony and cute , smothered in fantasy sequences ... depicting serious mental illness as a series of charming quirks or stick-on makeup scars , peddling the same tired obligatory but-wait-maybe-it 's - we-who-are-the-crazy-ones clichés .
Galifianakis is a comic force of nature , but he digs down here and delivers a beautifully nuanced performance that gets under your skin . Just like the movie .
From start to finish , It 's Kind of a Funny Story walks an uncommonly deft line : Playful comedy gives way to moments of shockingly immediate and honest emotion .
If a movie about schizophrenia , delusion and attempted suicide can be called pleasant , even mild-mannered , this is that movie .
Amiable enough , but ephemeral ... raises some serious issues , but treats them so fitfully that in the end it barely registers on an emotional level .
there 's a deficit of youthful vitality , sincerity and insight to be felt here
The lightest Cuckoo 's Nest imaginable .
The plot is n't all that original and the movie is n't all that flawless , but It 's Kind of a Funny Story has a sweet and sincere quality that won me over .
One minute a quirky comedy , and the next a bleak drama , It?s Kind of a Funny Story becomes so stifled by its identity crisis that it fails to make a lasting impression .
It 's always dangerous for a film that does n't quite work to carry a title that allows wordplay . So it is with It 's Kind of a Funny Story , which invites the response -- `` Not Really . ''
Few studio directors would be able to bring the warmly democratic touch to this subject that Fleck and Boden manage without even seeming to try . At the same time , you sort of wish they 'd tried harder .
It 's Kind of a Funny Story , though often played for laughs , mostly avoids the trap of the schtick .
If there 's a psych ward for motion pictures , It 's Kind of a Funny Story should check itself in . Boden and Fleck 's film suffers from bipolar disorder : manic and silly one minute , moody and muted the next .
Though engaging and sweet , with a nice feel for the purgatory-like blankness of mental hospital life , It 's Kind Of A Funny Story suffers from a serious , if not quite fatal , attack of the cutes .
It?s kind of a phony story , as well .
Graced by appealing newcomer Keir Gilchrist and augmented by a heartbreaking serio-comic Zach Galifianakis , this junior-level Cuckoo 's Nest is smart and sensitive .
It isn?t terrible , it is merely `` mostly decent '' with occasional drifts into the territory of good and , with equal measure , nauseatingly trite
It 's Kind of a Funny Story , divided into neat little daylong chapters in Craig 's stay , lacks the staying power and bittersweet layering of Half Nelson and Sugar . Yet it holds together .
Black comedy and teen romance don?t usually work this well together .
Uncommonly brainy , fun and compassionate for the teen genre .
The densely built and bearded Galifianakis demonstrates , in an impressive display of quieter dramatic skills , that he knows when to dial it down .
It 's Kind of a Funny Story really is n't so funny . Cute , bordering on cutesy , yes . Light and shallow and inconsequential in a lot of ways . But funny ? Rarely .
You wo n't need a frontal lobotomy to enjoy the simple and even kind of funny pleasures to be found here .
The kid 's problems are less interesting than the whackos surrounding him , but that prevents the movie 's coming-of-age narrative from becoming too pat : like the space between comedy and drama , the one between sanity and insanity is where real life -LSB- is -RSB- .
In a culture where children and their feelings often seem to run roughshod over the adult world , it 's a relief to get a snapshot of a mixed-up middle-class kid who comes to realize just how manageable his problems really are .
An eager beaver of a picture , looking to treat mental illness with a preciousness that often burns like shock treatment .
The filmmakers adroitly sidestep the cliches of the insane-asylum genre . However , the determinedly low-key style requires a patience that isn?t always rewarded .
It 's the worst kind of post-ironic , my-week-of-healing dramedy , set in an NYC mental ward in which cute patients flirt , tease and scamper around hallways like runaways in a John Hughes film .
I used to think art was just bourgeois decadence , a wiser Craig says in the end , which is funny , because thats kind of what this film is .
Galifianakis does particularly nice , understated work ... But , ultimately , the film is disappointingly insubstantial .
Boden and Fleck 's competent , bland aesthetics do little more than occasionally amplify their material 's cloying sentimentality .
A depressed teenage boy checks himself into a psych ward in this modest but good-hearted comedy .
It 's teen-psychology-super-drama-lite . The funny thing is that is does have some genuinely moving moments .
Bottom line ? Kind of a funny story .
Strives for a sensitively crafted story through the prism of adolescent angst , and the bittersweet vibe of raucous inmates taking over the asylum - when not engaging in lunatic breakfast burrito wars - that is not so bad either .
Zack Galifianakis steals the show at every turn , giving his first ever three-dimensional performance and earning the attention he 's been getting .
A magical movie about a five-day stay in a psychiatric hospital that gives a depressed fifteen-year old a new lease on life .
... a breezy piece of work that does what it sets out to do with charm and aplomb .
Best left for the festival circuit -- which is where we suffer through the indie-style artifice so you do n't have to .
Broader , bigger and more traditional than Boden and Fleck 's previous work -- and unfortunately , significantly less successful .
Zach Galifianakis steals the picture as the chronically dysfunctional but eminently wise Bobby , who teaches the adolescent how to like himself . Warts and all .
Although this film is a big departure stylistically for Boden and Fleck , you can see where they are trying to bring much the same sensibility to the direction of It 's Kind of a Funny Story that they brought to Half Nelson and Sugar .
The filmmakers fully retain their offbeat sensibility and attentiveness to character while providing perhaps the sharpest showcase yet for Zach Galifianakis ' outsized talents .
Paints a mental hospital as a charming place for a teen to come of age . Incredible that the directors of HALF-NELSON could get this so wrong .
A dramatically inert , lethargic dramedy that is n't nearly as quirky and poignant is it perceives itself .
I was so embarrassed , so uncomfortable with the total lack of recognizable human behavior in the film that I strongly debated getting up and leaving .


An earnest coming-of-age story toeing the saucy-sweet Juno line .

@highlight

It 's amiable , and it does a surprisingly good job of sidestepping psych ward comedy cliches , but given its talented cast and directors , It 's Kind of a Funny Story should be more than just mildly entertaining .