Aided by largely credible special effects , the four stars of Fantastic Four manage to make their movie worth seeing and give us reason to be optimistic for a more cohesive sequel .
Fantastic Four is anything but , and should serve as an indication that maybe its time to put the brakes on the current avalanche of comic book adaptations .
Lee and Kirby built Marvel Comics on the foundation of the FF and it 's no stretch to say this franchise could still be going strong a decade later with a better opening act .
Fantastic Four is terribly miscast . It 's poorly written , visually uninteresting , and worst of all , boring . The film drags considerably . There are huge gaps without any action and it brings the pacing to an unbearable crawl .
Fantastic Four is actually very true to its source material - often literally so - but generally misses the spirit entirely .
Some comics just should n't be turned in to movies ...
Director Tim Story -LRB- `` Barbershop '' -RRB- sets an uneven tempo for the embarrassingly clunky script by Michael France -LRB- `` Hulk '' -RRB- and Mark Frost -LRB- `` Storyville '' -RRB- .
The film is made in the internet equivalent of capital letters and its simplistic morality stands out on the big screen more so than on the small page .
An opportunity squandered by Marvel , which really needs to watch its quality control more closely .
Four-play without any climax .
The film is affable enough , though nothing much seems to be at stake .
After the recent crop of enjoyable superhero movies , this is just an embarassment .
A better than average comic book effort .
Tim Story gives the Marvel comics superheroes the Barbershop treatment .
Shows how filmmaking through market research , screenwriting by committee , and over-dependence on moviemaking technology can result in huge , colourful , loud but totally vacuous and heartless movies .
Marvel Comics continues to empty out its stable of superheroes with this entertaining tale .
full review in Greek
Not all comic-book films have to be as weighty and angst-filled as a graphic novel . Fantastic Four is neither fantastic nor incredible , but it 's entertaining nonetheless .
Fantastic it most certainly ai n't .
Finally , a movie that explores what happens when a group of people who ca n't get along find themselves freakishly mutated by cosmic radiation !
... there is little sense of wonder or excitement in Fantastic Four . It is merely a middling contender among a surplus of superhero movies .
Aquí lo que cuenta es tener una buena bolsa de palomitas y dejarse llevar por la nostalgia del cuarteto más famoso del mundo después de Los Beatles . Sólo eso .
When the playboy , joke-around character is the best part of the film , you know you have problems .
Not all that exciting to watch , let me tell you .
A garish mediocrity .
Never goes deeper than the ink on a comic book
If the equally naive Superman were released today , would it receive a similarly cold reception ?
-LSB- A -RSB- part from some undeniably slick effects ... the wow factor in this movie is surprisingly minute ... -LSB- O -RSB- nly Julian McMahon 's nefarious psycho , Dr. Doom , shows real promise here .
Light , brisk , fun , daring , then an awesome bridge crash scene ! Then it 's down hill from there . Still , just barely above average .
Director Tim Story manages to give it no character whatever , with the casting making things worse .
Let 's hope the follow-ups turn out to be better -- they could hardly be worse .
Not a great film but a good opening chapter ... a film about a superhero family that 's actually a family-friendly superhero film .
The FF are unpretentious and nerdy and they bicker with each other , giving the film a loose , buoyant quality in between action sequences .
No disgrace , but it 's far from a classic either .
It is , in no way , an improvement over the unreleased Roger Corman version from 1994 .
Entertainment as junk food : enjoyable as it goes down , if not particularly good for us , and it does n't stand a Yugo 's chance in the Indy 500 of lingering in our memories .
It puts a smile on your face and you ca n't resist the charming nature of the film .
About 100 times more enjoyable than Daredevil .
The only story you 'll find in Fantastic Four is the one attached to the last name of its director .
The protagonists of this film certainly deserved a better fate .
Fantastic Four is a popcorn movie that delivers a fluffy , buttery treat
After this lackluster outing , the thought of a sequel is a stretch even Mr. Fantastic might not be able to make .
A fantastic bore .
A Fantastic Bore . Foursome marred by lousy writing and directing
The result is hardly fantastic , but it is quite a lot of fun .
Tim Story -- who , based on his previous work in the small-scale Barbershop and the painfully poor Taxi , was clearly the wrong man for this job .
On its own terms , Fantastic Four is a pretty lousy movie , but it looks even worse coming on the heels of so many recent first-rate comic book adaptations .
With a sort of backdoor approach to superherodom , another comic strip from the minds of Stan Lee and Jack Kirby hits the celluloid .
Fantastic ? Uh ... hardly . `` Fantastic Four '' was No. 1 at the box office because of a good old-fashioned advertising campaign .
A fairly dull , thoroughly mediocre adventure -- hardly the cinematic treatment Marvel 's first family deserves .
Ten years in the making , and this is all we get ?
Tim Story 's screen adaptation of the Marvel comic is cheesy in production values ; it 's the clash of personalities that makes the film in any way fantastic .
The feature is neither disappointing , nor memorable . It is just average , which is something a superhero or band of heroes can not be .
An obnoxious movie in which potential adventure is sideswiped in favor of watery characters and dialogue that feels like it was lifted from five or six reality shows .
Fantastic Four functions at the level of a below average Saturday-morning cartoon .
There are four different movies in The Fantastic Four struggling to get out .
... another comic book movie with a lot of special effects . ... a complete waste of time .
There were some things to like about F4 scattered throughout . The ingredients were all there , but the chefs need to be replaced
Too insipid to live .
Despite a good cast , this is a badly made film that only barely works as brainless filler .
It 's not particularly fantastic , but Fantastic Four is passable summer popcorn fare .
Unlike most recent comic-book adaptations , Fantastic Four does n't think it 's about anything . In fact , it 's doubtful that the film thinks , period .
Superheroes are only as good as the supervillain , so let 's get these forces clashing early on and often .
Heaven forbid a summer blockbuster embrace its popcorn-munching appeal and rescue the industry from the 2005 box office slump .
If exposure to cosmic rays made all women look like Jessica Alba , then every Lifetime movie should glow green .
Fantastic Four is left passing off dopey comedy and performances as playfulness .
Weighted down with a turgid story and utterly middling special effects , The Fantastic Four is n't likely to be Stan Lee 's favorite of the nearly dozen Marvel Comics adaptations either out already or on their way .
If I were to put the same amount of effort into my review that the folks behind Fantastic Four expended trying to entertain you , the rest of this page would be blank .
Before the inevitable and surprisingly anticlimactic battle with Doom , we are treated to two extreme-sports demonstrations , several training montages , -LSB- and -RSB- an ill-advised love triangle .
We know what comic book movies are capable of being . They can have greatness in them . Fantastic Four has nothing more than okay-ness .
Along the lines of such tongue-in-cheek action films as `` Sahara '' and `` National Treasure . ''
Fantastic Four is a special-effects extravaganza , but its plot is mired in issues that only schoolboys care about .
After such recent downers as ` War of the Worlds ' and ` Dark Water , ' this campy film version of Marvel 's longest-running comic book series is a breath of fresh air .
Now , I 'm not saying director Tim Story was the wrong choice but when the only two things of note on your resume are the moderately amusing Barbershop and the horrendous Taxi there just has to be a better way to go .
A lousy excuse for a big-budget action film .
The perfect summertime movie . Munch your popcorn and let your senses absorb all the fantastic fun .
Bland performances throughout . And really , who wants to make Jessica Alba the invisible girl ? What a bad idea . I want her to be visible at all times .
A lack of pretense should n't mean a lack of wit or excitement ...
Far less than fantastic .
One wonders if an added character named Sleeperman would consider joining the crew because then this simplistic sci-fi dud could have been dubbed as Fantastic Snore
It 's kind of incredible how little happens in this movie .
So corny , cheesy and second-rate , the infamous 1994 version is n't looking so bad after all .
Metza-metza . The FF is just not that fantastic t ` all ...
As Marvel comics fans already know , being zapped by a radioactive cloud in outer space alters your DNA according to your sense of self .
Lacking any coherent vision , of all the recent movies derived from comic books , this is among the weakest .
It 's certainly an adequate summer popcorn movie .
Chiklis breathes fresh life into perhaps the silliest comic book character adapted for the big screen with a genuine humanity that can be felt even through the bulky foam costume .
The best of the comic book movies in recent years have demonstrated that thrills and spectacle do n't have to be strangers to wit and grace .
Reducing a summer blockbuster to the scale of a primetime sitcom is novel , but it is n't admirable .
The key to the success of Marvel Comics adaptations is that even as the characters have fantastic powers , they remain ordinary people caught up in extraordinary circumstances .
Michael Chiklis wo n't have to put on that uncomfortable Thing outfit again .
Fantásticamente ignominiosa pero culpablemente entretenida
A fun , fast and fantastically performed movie , and a pretty good interpretation of the comic
Despite a litany of co-branded products , the good folks at 20th Century Fox overlooked the two most important ones : a blindfold and a set of earplugs .
It might help if Alba could act , though I doubt her horny legion of fans will complain .
-LSB- L -RSB- ike a kiddie ride when I 've been primed to expect the biggest , baddest , meanest emotional-roller coaster of a sexy action movie when it 's all about guys in tights .
... begins to feel like it comes from the one comic book even a comic-book geek would be embarrassed to be caught reading .
It exists largely to entertain and delight , which used to be precisely what summer blockbusters were engineered to do .
As total packaging , you ca n't deny that this show is handsomely wrapped .
It 's done with an agreeable confidence and flair , the actors all fit comfortably in their roles and the effects are fun .
Fantastic Four falters most in its cynical approach . Obviously gearing for a sequel , the movie goes heavy on development and light on action .
If there was ever any doubt that action scenes depend more on context than flash , Fantastic Four proves it .
Right from the start the movie smells like a stinker because of its Z-grade casting . Worst of all is Julian McMahon , overacting as a Kevin Spacy-ish Dr. Doom .
Not the best movie of the summer , but it may the best accompaniment to popcorn .
Devotes as much time to a creaky love triangle as it does exploring the fantastic powers of its foursome . And that begs the question : Who goes to a movie like this looking for what is essentially a bad episode of Dawson 's Creek ?
A human rubber band , a transparent woman , a guy on fire , a walking rock pile , and a guy named Doom seem perfectly plausible in the funny books.On the big screen , not so much .
Even if you can get past the acting -- and in the case of the beautiful , blank Alba , that 's asking a lot -- the film just sits there , not exactly torturous , but never very exciting , either .
How about The Okay Quartet ?
The Fantastic Four get treated reverently , but not seriously , in this modified retelling of the story , but then it 's hard to take any one seriously who goes to work for Dr. Victor Von Doom and Doom Industries .
When the Four finally use their different powers together to fight Doctor Doom , it 's enough to get you past the torpor of Origin Movie Syndrome and make you hope for a sequel that gets right down to business .
Superheroes ' origin stories are inherently background-heavy , but director Tim Story and screenwriters Simon Kinberg , Michael France and Mark Frost spend too much time on setup .
A funky , fun film version of the famous Marvel superhero concoction .
A wildly uneven , sporadically slapdash action-adventure that amuses in fits and starts .
Fantastic it ai n't , but not bad it sort of is .
It 's better than the Roger Corman version , but that 's not saying much .
The film generates little tension or excitement , dawdling its way towards the climactic showdown between the heroes and the villain , Doctor Doom .
A movie that never delivers on its premise ; a movie that takes promising character dynamics and gullet-stuffs them with idiot dialogue ; a movie that will alienate all but the wee and easily impressed with its frequent lurches into stupidity .
A popcorn popper , a cinematic sugar buzz . And blessedly so .
The comic book adventure is a fun , escapist change of pace from all the politically weighted popcorn fare on the scene this season .
... too bouncy to be an Elektra bummer , but should make Marvel mascot Stan Lee think twice about burning another lucrative bridge with unintentional hilarity .
A perfect storm of wooden acting , hackneyed direction , inane scripting and laughably cartoonish special effects produces a shapeless mess more wearyingly stupid than arch-villian Dr. Doom is evil .
You do n't expect realism from a comic-book movie , but you do want the characters to seem larger than life . Here , they look like contestants at a costume party .
By being late to the multiplex marketplace , the film version offers little we have n't seen done before and done better .
Not a bad movie , but it is a film likely to alienate the fan base of the comic book on which it is based .
-LSB- The writers are -RSB- so busy setting up the premise that they barely get around to exploiting it .
Story ca n't infuse this juvenile hunk of entertainment with either the wit or the savvy to make it seem like anything more than an overblown version of Saturday - morning TV .
The kind of do n't - ask - too-many-questions action-hero movie where the humor is tasty and the FX are wicked-cool .
A film that 's nowhere near as fantastic as it should be . Something 's missing . And that something is most likely a strong director .
A not-so-bad mindless bit of camp escapism that does n't try to eclipse its dime-store comic book roots .
It 's sporadically entertaining but never amounts to more than Mediocre Four .
A bad superhero comedy that takes its time going nowhere .
Their trip into space may be another small step for man , but it 's a giant leap backward for the comic-book-turned-action-movie genre .
Can be fun if your expectations are low enough .
-LRB- Chiklis and Evans -RRB- play the roles as though they had read the Fantastic Four their entire lives .
I guess `` Commonplace Four '' or `` Tedious Four '' did n't have the same ring to it .
Fantastic Four Never Strives to be `` Fantastic . '' It Works As A Human Story and succeeds due to dimished expectations set by a horrible marketing campaign .
Fantastic Four is anything but , and should serve as an indication that maybe its time to put the brakes on the current avalanche of comic book adaptations .
Its plot is stretched thin . Its creativity is nearly invisible . Its logic is rocky . And the whole enterprise goes up in flames .
A more accurate title would have been `` The Fantastic Two and the Other Two , Not So Much . ''
There was nothing that I could point to and say , `` That was stupid . '' Considering the atomic wasteland of superhero properties committed to film , that 's saying a lot .
about as dynamic as Teddy Ruxpin ... in its willingness to go for cheap jokes and awful Schwarzenegger-style wisecracks , ` Fantastic ' is reminiscent of ` Batman and Robin ' ...
A colorful , young-skewing flick ... but one as hopelessly bland as it is behind the times .
The new Fantastic Four might have been palatable if we had n't already met a certain wall crawler or Caped Crusader on screen .
Fantastic Four is what it is , and I 'm okay with what it is .
The good news is that this Fantastic Four film manages to capture a lot of what made the comics appealing . The bad news is that the final product is n't quite as good as it could have been .
The film is entertaining and moves along at a good clip , but when you reach the anticlimactic ending , you realize that nothing really happened , and that for every cool scene there was a badly directed one .
Very smooth , if overly familiar .
In trying to nail just the right mix of comic book action , comedy and pathos , the movie emerges as a tone-deaf mishmash of underdeveloped characters , half-baked humor and unhatched plotting drenched in CGI overkill .
Had the filmmakers deliberately set out to insult , demean , and trample upon Lee and Kirby 's legacy , they could hardly have done a more efficient job .
So much ... is bungled with inept storytelling and watered-down dialogue , and Story is so powerless to right the course , that Fantastic Four winds up more dopey than fun .
All-talk , no-action superhero flick is a dull , drab mess of shallow plots , dull characters and bland effects .
Everything about it bears the stench of amateurs , from the unspectacular special effects to the sitcom-lame dialogue to the butchered storyline .
No doubt Roger Corman 's version was worse , but it was probably more entertaining .
Falls below even the likes of Batman & Robin and The Punisher and all involved should be ashamed of actually inviting comparisons to the shelved Roger Corman adaptation .
The most endearing terms I might come up with for this film are ` dorky ' and ` cute , ' but ` cute ' is never what a superhero movie aspires to be .
A painful , sluggish black hole of simultaneous bad ideas and no ideas at all .
A not-great movie made slightly better by the addition of some extra character development and breathing room , the Fantastic Four Extended Edition is a must-own for fans of the original comic book .
The happiest comic book movie on earth ... By now the only way to give us something different is to show people who enjoy being superheroes .
Meet Mr. Mediocrity , the Human Kindling , the Obscure Woman and Whatchamacallit . They form the Mediocre Four and boast the power to slightly entertain and somewhat enthrall .
Almost fantastically bad .
faces a huge obstacle , and does n't overcome it well ... develop 4 heroes and 1 villain in less than 2 hours and provide an exciting story full of visual wonder .
Poor Ben Grimm suffers the most tragic fate . He is transformed from the charismatic , brilliant actor Michael Chiklis into a giant prosthetic goofy suit that fools no one .
Aficionados of the comic book will cringe ... but hey , it 's a fun popcorn flick .
Oh yes , it 's Catwoman bad .
Low indeed have Marvel 's fortunes sunk when this is the best they can send against their archrival 's superior Batman Begins .
Whole chunks of necessary explanation feel like they 've been left on the cutting room floor
Potential audiences would be better entertained by reading all the reviews to see how many synonyms can be used for the word `` bad . '' And it would be much cheaper , too .
An overinflated B-movie with no grace , no subtext , no wit , and featuring beefcake/cheesecake actors who look like they 've been plucked from the soaps .
There 's nothing terribly fantastic about this ho-hum futuristic foray .
` Fantastic Four ' could have been hot , but in the hands of some studio blockheads , the premise is stretched so thin that it disappears .
Rarely terrible , let alone memorable , it 's a brutally average piece of disposable summer entertainment that fades from the mind like some hazy , half-sleeping dream .
More superhero sitcom than comic book adventure , the movie lacks a strong , dramatic through-line .
If you want to see how members of a family that 's fraught with discord and dysfunction learn about teamwork and the nature of kin -- and dispatch bad guys in the process -- rent The Incredibles .
Compared with the psychological probing and spiritual brooding of Batman Begins , Fantastic Four is proudly dumb , loud and inconsequential .
The radiation-altered members of the Fantastic Four do n't show their humanity . Rather , the superpowered quartet is little more than a bland collection of four-color caricatures .
The whole thing lacks oomph and identity .
It certainly looks stunning , and there 's even a try at injecting some human drama and strong emotion into the action stew .
It 's fun to watch superheroes who are n't quite at ease with their abilities , but The Incredibles -- last year 's similarly themed animated film -- is livelier and funnier .
You can feel the flopsweat of the screenwriters , laboring to make their jokes work and their scenes interesting .
What could have been the brilliant set-up to an ongoing franchise is instead turned into a vacuous slice of summer escapism .
It 's hard to tell if the other actors are awful or if it 's the script .
Real fans of the comics will probably be turned off by Fantastic Four 's narrative limitations , while outsiders older than 12 are likely to quickly dismiss the Power Rangers-style goofery .
The really good superhero movies , like Superman , SpiderMan 2 and Batman Begins , leave Fantastic Four so far behind that the movie should almost be ashamed to show itself in the same theaters .
Could have been dumb fun ... unfortunately , the filmmakers succeed in getting only the dumb part right , omitting the fun entirely .
At their best , the results have a comic zip that the X-Men pictures have largely lacked .
Take the movie on its own lighthearted terms and , chances are , you 'll be taken in .
Sad , then , to see that the Marvel rag that elevated the human element in the pow-biff-bam of the superhero world has been transposed into the most plastic of comic-to-movie adaptations yet .
Fantastic Four is essentially campy fun ; this is the sort of movie Schumacher 's Batman and Robin was trying to be .
Fantastic Four is n't even close to Sin City , Batman Begins or even Constantine , but it 's a relatively quick , vibrant , focused origin story .
So bad it takes points away from BATMAN BEGINS .
Fantastic Flop
This movie is more like a B-grade comic book adaptation than the A-list production it should have been .
Fantastic Four , for all of its super effects and glossy finish , is a hollow movie experience .
A wasted opportunity to breathe fresh life into the Marvel universe 's long-stodgy elder statesmen .
Yes , it 's kinda stupid , but it 's basically fun .
Marked by naïve storytelling , goofy but dumb tone , clumsy look , and cheesy special effects , the outdated Fantastic Four is worse than The Hulk , Elektra and Daredevil .
A movie about depressed superheroes trying to become unsuper is as boring as it sounds .
Fantastic Four is a movie that could have been a lot better - but it could also have been a lot worse .
Who are these half-wit Hollywood clowns that keep hiring cleavage-candy actresses with no measurable talent to play laughably bespectacled scientists in action movies ?
How fascinating that a film about super-humans was made by a collection of sub-humans ; what a topsy-turvy world in which we live .
-LSB- Director Story takes -RSB- as his inspiration an industrial film of the 1950s , wherein Dick and Jane learn the wonders of zinc while the audience snoozes in self-defense .
This clumsy , cheesy , chintzy adaptation , with its F/X that look dated the moment you see them , is like something left over from the '60s , the heyday of Marvel 's longest-running series .
none of it 's any more impressive than the stuff you can find in your average video game .
Sometimes the Hollywood treatment can be a superhero 's greatest arch-nemesis .
Ao menos , a versão de Corman se assumia como lixo .




@highlight

Marred by goofy attempts at wit , subpar acting , and bland storytelling , Fantastic Four is a mediocre attempt to bring Marvel 's oldest hero team to the big screen .