As a film , Code Black has some flaws . Among these is the second-rate sound design -LRB- and -RRB- the amateur directing . Without expert direction , sequences outside of the hospital setting come across as forced and artificial .
Real-life ER doctors crafted this superb documentary as a cry for help . Our U.S. healthcare system is about to break down . ` Code Black ' stands for an overflowing waiting room .
`` Code Black '' is `` ER '' on steroids .
Amazing , edifying look at ground zero of urban health care
Like most documentary makers addressing the health care crisis , McGarry ca n't begin to get his arms around the whole problem ; this works best as a highly subjective account of a small portion of it .
... most satisfying when concentrating on the here and now-this patient needs this procedure now-and works less well when it tries to take on bigger issues .
It sticks halos -LRB- probably well-deserved -RRB- atop the heads of its doctors , it goes for poignant moments without being all that poignant and ends up bemoaning without seriously suggesting any concrete paths to improvement .
Code Black appeals to our better natures while remaining aware of the money needed to let those better natures reign . It makes a strong case .
A worthy but uneven testament to those who work to save some of the many still excluded from a social safety net that never seems to expand fast enough .
A must-see for anyone concerned about the state of health care in this country . Which should be all of us .
`` Code Black '' shows the passion , frustration , and skill of those who work to heal despite the system , but it remains in the dark about why that system is broken and how it can be fixed .
Code Black is a riveting document despite its tendency to jackrabbit around in its themes and personalities .
The film refuses polemic , grants access , and mostly steers clear of the heartstrings in its effort to humanize those on both sides of the institutional front line .
Energetic , idealistic and somewhat scattered look at the state of American medicine seen through a busy ER
`` Code Black '' presents itself as a demonstration of the current crisis in health care , and it 's hard to watch without becoming enraged .
Impactful documentary .
Provides an incredibly intense , and genuinely moving , glimpse into the operation of one of the nation 's premier emergency medical facilities .
If you want to talk about the health care crisis in this country , I suggest you watch this movie .
Code Black ... succeeds in its most important mission : taking us to ground zero of the health care mess .
`` Code Black '' is a powerful and quietly damning film .
The precarious state of contemporary health care is shockingly evident . McGarry follows a team of idealistic , committed and unflappable medical residents .
Powerful but bloody documentary about emergency medicine .
Part of what makes `` Code Black '' so exciting is that it may be one of the best examples of the new possibilities of the age of digital filmmaking .
The movie is at its best when it 's immersing you in a series of conundrums and letting you feel what it 's like to live with them , and wrestle with them .
While officials sit around discussing the state of modern medicine , Code Black boils these debates down to nothing but raw , human emotion - with lives hanging in the balance .
Awesome for its access but near whiny in its subjective approach to the healthcare issue , as a film about idealistic young doctors directed by an idealistic young doctor .
Despite occasional platitudes from director and doctor Ryan McGarry , the film makes an angry , urgent plea for reform to a health-care system that 's still critically infirm .
A vigorous companion piece to Peter Nicks 's revealing 2012 documentary , `` The Waiting Room , '' `` Code Black '' -LRB- the title describes the emergency room 's saturation point -RRB- is a keening cri de coeur .
A sobering and idealistic call for more emergency room `` mercy medicine '' as an alternative to treating only paying patients .
A compelling case that the public health system is broken .
The stark disparity between the recent footage and the C-booth material shot back in 2008 tells its own troubling story .
There 's too much gloopy piano music underscoring the interviews ...
What will pull viewers in is the empathy of the healthcare workers who battle to retain their idealism in the face of staggering obstacles .
Code Black feels like a brisk , vital report from the frontlines of emergency medicine , forged and rooted in the most intense sort of personal and professional experience .
-LSB- Director Ryan McGarry 's -RSB- extraordinary access to life-and-death moments and his illuminating perspective on the medical system make for a powerful viewing experience .
Relying on the emergency room to treat illness is no way to live , says this doc which serves as a wake-up call .
While tracing their journey through this ER , Code Black manages to encapsulate so much of what is wrong with our health care system , but also to point out what 's right ...
A bulletin from the front lines of the battle for health care in America . The news is n't good .

@highlight

Impassioned and infuriating , Code Black awakens viewers to an endemic problem with no clear solution .