... a masterpiece of mood and psychological ambiguity masquerading as a cheap exploitation knock-off . Cheap it is , but Lewton and director Jacques Tourneur create mood not out of what is seen , but what is n't .
While Cat People is n't among the scariest films ever made , there are a trio of truly suspenseful scenes which , quite ingeniously , leave just enough up to the audience 's imagination to dial up the tension .
-LSB- Cat People 's -RSB- masterstroke lies in a constant awareness of its audience , using their expectations of its B-movie horror title to draw out the film 's tension .
I do like a film that opens with a mission statement , and ... Cat People starts thus : `` Even as fog continues to lie in the valleys , so does ancient sin cling to the low places , the depressions in the world consciousness . ''
A masterpiece of the genre : No less than Martin Scorsese has stated that the movie is `` as important as Citizen Kane in the maturation of the American cinema . ''
Scenes where Irena shadows her rival are burned into cinema memory .
It 's psychological horror at its finest : timelessly terrifying and absolutely purr-fect .
... a startling , psychosexual horror picture - especially for its time .
Val Lewton 's most brilliant and subtly sexual horror films ever made .
Produced by Val Lewton and directed by the great Jacques Tourneur , this was one of the first Hollywood horrors to play on the audience 's fears rather than expose it to ghouls and monsters .
The scariest American horror movie of the 1940s .
Tourneur splendidly visualizes immigrant dislocation and marital anxiety as spiritual states suspended between planes of light and shadow
Based on a deceptively simple story , this understated but scary horror film benefits from the collaboration of producer Val Lewton and director Jacques Tourneur and the touching performance from Simone Simon
Unpleasant film argues we should be afraid of people who are different .
In its complexity , it functions as a sharp , canny blueprint for the rest of Lewton 's pictures .
This is a weird drama of thrill-chill caliber .
Magnificent .
Its techniques would be adopted by noir , its themes are aped by horror films and thrillers today .
Cat People was n't frightening like a slasher movie , using shocks and gore , but frightening in an eerie , mysterious way that was hard to define ; the screen harbored unseen threats .
More a film about unreasoning fear than the supernatural , this work demonstrates what a filmmaker can accomplish when he substitutes taste and intelligence for special effects .
A thinking man 's supernatural thriller .
First in the wondrous series of B movies in which Val Lewton elaborated his principle of horrors imagined rather than seen , with a superbly judged performance from Simon .
Handled more with shadow and suggestion than the outright statement found in the horror pictures that surrounded it .
Ladies who have such temptations -- in straight horror pictures , at least -- should exercise their digits a bit more freely than does Simone Simon in this film .
Female sexuality is a rich source of a certain kind of horror - the kind of horror that plays upon the anxieties that prudish bourgeois men have about their wives ' sex lives .
The way it messes with your head -- and Jacques Tourneur 's deft ability behind the camera -- make it quite the '40s standout .
It 's what you do n't see in a Val Lewton production rather than what you do see that makes it frightening .
Beautiful and strange film , a timeless classic .
Pretensioso , artificial e com uma péssima atriz como protagonista , o filme empalidece frente à refilmagem comandada por Paul Schrader .
Atmospheric , chilling Tourneur classic
Seminal , understated horror that retains the power to frighten still today .
High-contrast frightfest with nervy lighting and production design and a well-maintained air of dread .
One of the creepiest horror films ever made .
A Val Lewton classic that proves in horror , the less you show , the scarier the movie .
Cat People -LRB- 1942 -RRB- is a low-budget horror classic from RKO Radio Pictures , Inc. - the haunting , low-key story
No mere creature feature , this 1940s classic offers more subtle chills .
The result is a haunting and subtle film , filled with desires gone awry and everyday settings turned inexplicably nightmarish .
As well as being scary , the film deals intelligently with sex and the psyche .








@highlight

Influential noir director Jacques Tourneau infused this sexy , moody horror film with some sly commentary about the psychology and the taboos of desire .