30 Minutes or Less was n't terrible and when it did make me laugh , it made me laugh a lot . It was just built on the wrong comic premise .
I guess it goes down easy enough , however bland and familiar . Kind of like a cheap pizza . Remember to tip your driver .
Jesse Eisenberg goes from the smartest guy in the room in ` The Social Network ' to the most gullible dork in the pizzeria .
There 's too much cheese , but there are still enough amusing action beats and funny one-liners to let one say `` 30 Minutes or Less '' delivers , more or less on time .
30 Minutes Or Less has enough of both action and comedy to appeal to multiple demographics , and as far as crude comedies go it 's a fun watch .
This is a breezy , fun , and funny film that does n't waste any time in getting its story told by propelling its characters into one crazy situation after another .
30 Minutes or Less lacks logic , and it does n't make use of its title concept in any interesting way , but the film is funny , fast and entertaining through-and-through .
The movie unfurls without rhythm , momentum or visual flair , but at a furious pace .
A raunchy heist comedy with a pace as fast as its dialogue , '30 Minutes Or Less ' will have you laughing out loud .
The film contains a remarkable level of violence , yet never establishes a tone that would make it seem funny or truly shocking ; the jokes flounder in an air of half-hearted spite .
... there 's simply never a point at which the film 's one-dimensional characters become compelling enough to warrant all this action and mayhem ...
A consistently funny , well acted and fantastically short - basically 80 mins - little comedy that 's more than deserving of your time .
30 Minutes or Less is almost as dumb as its wannabe criminal geniuses , but the film barrels along at such a pace - spraying expletives as it goes - that it does n't matter that the plot is as battered as Nick 's Mustang .
More frenetic than funny , the film bumbles along with three sets of characters endlessly swapping obscene insults .
Puerile , irritating and insultingly phallocentric .
It 's like a live-action version of a vulgar , violent cartoon : It 's cheerful , willfully subversive , speedy , and lightweight .
It 's a pity that debut screenwriter Michael Diliberti could not think of any better ways in which to try to make the audience laugh .
Like a sort of laughter thong , it covers very little and does n't save the blushes of anyone involved .
30 Minutes or Less has one of those screenplays that looks goodish on paper but is only a bit above average .
Everyone bumbles along and the actors go into overdrive trying to convince us that this is all terribly hilarious but most of the time they are fighting a losing battle .
An entertaining enough distraction but not the must-see it might have been .
It 's entirely ridiculous , but it gallops cheerfully along ; everything is carried off with flair and ingenuity .
It all goes horribly wrong , with the characters and the audience united in anguish .
Crude , charmless and knuckleheaded .
Razor sharp editing keeps an extremely tight pace , but the wasted , non-rhythmic R-rated dialogue and an ensemble cast of morons leaves no-one to root for .
The bungling criminals scenario has been done better many times before , although director Ruben Fleischer makes his protagonists fairly likeable , if a little annoying at times .
It 's funny , clever and pacy to a fault , and the script more than satisfies its quota of decent zings .
For every good line , there are at least five that fail to connect because they are too crude , sexist , racist or just unfunny .
It 's all about the characters and - thankfully - they 're good ones . In fact , you 're glad they 're not Gone in Sixty Seconds .
Enjoyably pacey knockabout comedy with strong comic performances and a witty script , though the tone wobbles a little and it 's ultimately rather shallow and forgettable -LRB- if still fun -RRB- .
Less of a laugh-out-loud caper , but more an intriguingly quirky collision of bruised male egos that happens to be bolstered by some set-pieces and below-the-belt antics ...
Undoubtedly slight but terrifically entertaining all the same . Very fast and lots of fun .
Jesse Eisenberg is the only person in the movie who even comes close to being believable , but that almost does n't matter because the movie is consistently funny .
A tasty line-up , but a nihilistic tone and lacklustre script make for a fast-food action-comedy that 's diverting but throwaway .
The film seemed to move at a good pace , but was not something I would care to see again .
Always unlikely to repeat the breakout success of Zombieland , 30 Minutes Or Less attempts but lacks the wit and surprise of the director 's last film
This movie does n't just have a bomb strapped to it ; it is a bomb .
It never reconciles the meticulous intelligence needed to build the weaponry and the monstrous stupidity needed to use it .
This profane , sorry excuse for a comedy only comes alive in the last half hour when Michael Peña makes his appearance as a hit man from Detroit .
A truly bad idea for a comedy .
30 Minutes or Less is so shallow , self-satisfied , and downright repulsive that I hesitate to discuss it at all . It has none of the qualities of director Fleischer 's debut feature , Zombieland , and it 's a long way from Eisenberg 's ...
essentially a failed attempt to turn tragedy into farce
Even with all these talented performers , I was left with no sympathy for Nick 's predicament -- the movie was way more painful than whatever he went through
It certainly arrives hot , fresh and steaming . But that 's not deep dish you smell from the summer 's worst R-rated comedy and one of the year 's worst overall .
Pathetically stupid - forget it !
Probably has the approximate cultural staying power of its title .
Sexism may be inseparable from the imperatives of male aggression . 30 Minutes or Less ridicules this ...
Jesse Eisenberg goes from the sublime to the ridiculous as he follows up ` The Social Network ' with this dumb/dumber movie .
Does n't aim to be more than a fun , gleefully profane comic twist on a genre picture and succeeds in achieving its goal .
One of the selling points of 30 Minutes or Less is that it feels like it runs for , well , 30 minutes or less -LRB- the actual running time is closer to 83 minutes , with credits -RRB- . And that 's not meant to be facetious .
'30 Minutes or Less ' goes by quick enough , but you wo n't be left with anything that will make you feel satisfied .
Balancing the film 's raunchy comedic tone with just the right amount of action and slap-to-the-face reality takes a deft hand . And that 's exactly what he does here .
This is no comedy classic , but it delivers plenty of laughs , thanks to a witty script and no less than five very hilarious performances .
... a disappointing , only very sporadically funny effort .
30 Minutes or Less is a pretty good description of what works in this 83-minute potty-mouthed action-comedy .
As R-rated comedies go , this one is modestly enjoyable but unremarkable , liable to be forgotten in , oh , say , a half hour or so .
Slacker comedies do n't get much lazier than 30 Minutes or Less
If there 's one thing we 've learned from a century-plus of cinema , it 's that just about any subject can be explored for humor if the right people are involved . But in the case of 30 Minutes or Less , the right people must have been off making another movie .
Awkwardly amusing homicidal humor , and subliminally suggesting a bizarre notion about suicide bombers , that if you ca n't beat 'em , laugh at 'em . Which is to say , that this cheesy thriller is on the tasteless side , and we 're not talking pizza .
Surprisingly , even as trim as it is , it still manages to build rounded characters , name its stakes , and then raise them both to the occasion .
Wants to be dark , wants to be funny ... winds up really being neither .
Between his recent on-screen work and his performance as Kenny Powers in HBOs ' `` Eastbound and Down , '' he may be the funniest actor working these days . To play off the title of the film , Danny McBride delivers !
This is first and foremost Ansari 's showcase and he nails each scene like he 's been acting in movies for ages .
The dark , biting comedy often strays into territory that can be categorized as politically incorrect , but the result is funny , engaging , and at times a little disconcerting .
With clever direction from Ruben Fleischer , leave it to the ensemble cast of Eisenberg , McBride , Ansari , Swardson , and scene stealer Pena to make '30 Minutes or Less ' one of the funniest films of 2011 .
Fast and funny , even if it succumbs too often to the mean-spiritedness and coarseness that have attached themselves to the American movie comedy like so many foul-mouthed and amoral remoras .
No one is ever going to mistake this slight little comedy for greatness , but it possesses a go-for-broke attitude that 's darkly fun .
Quick and dirty laughs with Jesse Eisenberg and Aziz Ansari . I still do n't get the appeal of Danny McBride , however .
The movie belongs to Ansari , who steals nearly every scene he is in with his jangly , nervous intensity .
An action comedy that uses a suicide vest loaded with C4 as its central plot device had better be funny or , at least , thrilling . Otherwise , the narrative device will detonate and the results wo n't be pretty .
Still , with its highs and its lows , 30 Minutes or Less is an uneven mixed bag that does n't quite explode off the screen . But the scales do tip to the positive side . Only slightly , though .
That rare film that exceeds your expectations by a mile .
What can I say about a movie that made me want to take a shower and cleanse myself afterward ? 30 Minutes or Less is so shallow , self-satisfied , and downright repulsive that I hesitate to discuss it at all ...
This is disappointing news , given that the director of this sputter-rev-sputter ride is Ruben Fleischer and that nattering Jesse Eisenberg stars .
Thirty minutes and preferably less would be a suitable running time for the new movie from the guy who made Zombieland . Ruben Fleischer 's flailing follow-up contains little besides Jesse Eisenberg to remind viewers how inventive he can be .
It 's a bit like the Three Stooges on crack -- nutty , loud , profane and full of laughs . It wo n't change your life and it might hurt your ears , but it should keep you smiling .
It is unrelenting in its abusive , potty-mouthed dialogue , and at times the filth threatens to disrupt the comedy . But similar to the film 's main character , its manic energy always finds a way to move things forward regardless of the consequences .
In a year lousy with badly written movies filled with phallic fixations , it 's a relief to watch one that is happy to be rude good fun without excessive raunch .
30 Minutes or Less is a quick blast of darkly comic adrenaline , transgressive and fun .
From the premise to the performances , everything and everybody just seems to be trying way too hard .
One of the great disappointments of my cinematic year so far .
... a very funny movie - very funny indeed .
It 's plausible , crude , and fashionably grim - so why is n't it funnier ?
-LSB- Fleischer -RSB- packed this lean , mean comedy with a razor-sharp ensemble of some of the funniest actors around and set them loose in this high-on-concept , thin-on-plot movie .
A mostly bland crime comedy that only occasionally feels fresher or more memorable than that cold pizza you scarfed for breakfast .
A Beavis and Butt-Head-style bank robbery comedy that leaves you longing for the intelligence and sophistication of a bachelor party in Bangkok .
The film 's running time and sudden ending suggest a desperate last-minute edit to cut anything that was n't working . They stopped too soon .
30 Minutes or Less . Take the less .
... a check-your-brains-at-the-door sort of comedy , where you should n't waste a moment considering the logic of plot or characterization .
It comes frustratingly close to being a good film , but does n't quite make it . The ending -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- is at best lazy , at worst insulting .
The scenario here demands a tenor of panicked frenzy to underscore its desperate nature . 30 Minutes or Less gives the impression of a leisurely stroll in the park .
Even at its abnormally short running time -LRB- still 50 + minutes longer than the title suggests -RRB- , it overstays its welcome and is sure to give anyone with good taste a serious bout of cinematic indigestion . -LRB- Full Content Parental Review also available -RRB-
For a soul-sucking 83 minutes , you 're trapped inside the film 's tiny , ugly mind .
For what it is , 30 Minutes Or Less works .
In the right empty-tank mindset , you 'll laugh during the entire 83-minute running time , walk out when it 's over , tell your friends that it mostly sucked , but still halfway recommend it .
If you 're expecting the next Heat , you 'll be sorely disappointed , but it 's enjoyable enough on its own very modest terms .
If you know the real story , you might find it hard to believe this is a comedy . Even if you do n't know the real story , you might find it hard to believe this is a comedy .
`` 30 Minutes or Less '' is funny , and I hope it rubs off on other comedies .
`` 30 Minutes or Less '' may be tasteless , moronic and lacking in any redeeming social value whatsoever . But for me , at least , it was gut-bustingly funny -- perhaps this waning summer season 's ultimate guilty pleasure .
Beholding Eisenberg in Fleischer 's relentlessly vulgar and un-funny `` 30 Minutes or Less '' is akin to watching a ring-tested champion punch far below his weight . What a comedown .
Distasteful and putrid , so disillusioned and amateurish that it ca n't even be bothered to properly wrap up its loose plot treads . Instead , when it finally hits a brick wall , it simply gives up altogether and ends .
Devastatingly mistaking makeshift witticisms for authentic philistine comedy translates into a film that 's unfunny as a used tampon is appetizing .
Vulgar can be funny , and god knows so can mean . But '30 Minutes or Less ' just does n't deliver the laughs .
The overall experience is a satisfying one , but the first 30 minutes are brutal .
If Quentin Tarantino made a Three Stooges heist movie , this is what it would look like .
You should get free pizzas for enduring more than 30 minutes of this dud .
Either it goes for a particular tone and does n't achieve it . Or it does achieve a tone that 's not really worth striving for .
could 've been titled Paycheck , since that seems to be the only motivating factor for anyone involved in the movie
30 Minutes wallows in stupidity without making the bromance bonds believable .
At a mere 83 minutes , 30 Minutes or Less might seem able to deliver on the promise of its zippy title . Instead , this slackers-go-gangsta comedy demonstrates that less than 90 minutes can be a very long time .
Starts out at high speed , but before long it 's running on fumes , and by the last reel it sputters to a stop .
... a theatrical release more suited for viewing at home with a favorite beverage close at hand .
How disappointing to see Oscar-nominated Jesse Eisenberg and his `` Zombieland '' director , Ruben Fleischer , reunited in a low-rent slob comedy .
I can see you snearing . And yet , I found myself laughing pretty much all the way through this movie .
The movie claims to be only 83 minutes long , but it 's the longest 83 minutes to come along in quite awhile .
The only consistent laughs come from Michael Peña 's eccentric hired killer , the movie 's one character who seems like someone we have n't seen a million times before .
... plays like a low rent `` Pineapple Express '' without all the bong hits .
Fast , foul and frequently funny .
Sometimes a rude and crude comedy is simply scraping the bottom of the barrel , despite the efforts of a talent like Mr. Eisenberg and of second bananas like Mr. Ansari and Mr. Swardson .
30 Minutes or Less is all about the zigzagging rush of the ride .
The movie is n't a frame longer than necessary , the car stunts are cool , and the scenes with Ansari and Eisenberg pop -- particularly during their laugh-out-loud amateur robbery .
A darkly comic underachiever that manages to charm almost in spite of itself , Ruben Fleischer 's `` 30 Minutes or Less '' is probably best watched as it was made : without much evident effort .
It has a miserable start - well , it has a miserable middle , too .
A crime farce that 's clever and funny in places , but mostly just shambling and crude . Eisenberg ca n't quite find his place in it , and it 's easy to see why .
That Ruben Fleischer lacks a discernible directorial identity is one reason the film will likely skip right out of your memory within the titular timeframe .
The movie ends up being just sharp enough at its peaks to be frustrating in its valleys . But the laughs are there .
Like its slacker hero , `` 30 Minutes or Less '' turns out surprisingly well despite a lot of questionable choices .
Something similar actually happened once , but the result was n't funny . Neither is `` 30 Minutes or Less , '' although it smirks like it thinks so .
I had decent hopes for this high-concept , low-brow comedy ; those hopes were quickly dashed .
Filthy , fun and ridiculous sum up this buddy action-comedy about a pizza-delivery guy 's race against time after thugs strap him with a bomb so he 'll rob a bank for them .
Like Zombieland , 30 Minutes or Less bridges the gap between nerdy and badass , and out pops entertainment .
Like a comedy made out of Legos - the pieces snap together so effortlessly that the makers assumed audiences would n't notice just how mismatched the components really are .
I ran out of patience , even by August standards , way before the movie was over .
A film that climaxes with a trade-off in a junkyard has a rich appreciation for the clichés of the action-comedy genre , but 30 Minutes Or Less is ultimately so muddled and slight that 's it 's hard to ascertain what the filmmakers were thinking .
If only it were 30 minutes or less .
Moral of the story : If you occupy the demographic that this film is aimed at , Hollywood does n't have a very high opinion of you .
None of this crackles with the kind of breezy , madcap hilarity that it should ; it 's actually rather tortured and convoluted .
McBride is yet another walking epithet you simply want to get away from .
There 's plenty of time to mull over 30 Minutes ' flaws in retrospect , but in the moment , it efficiently gets where it needs to go .
30 Minutes or Less is slight and not exactly memorable , but it moves quickly and has some surprising twists and top-notch performances all around . Not bad for a disposable late-summer comedy .
-LSB- A -RSB- zany , irreverent comedy .
In a summer full of comedies featuring so-called `` risky '' subject matter , 30 Minutes or Less is the first one that feels fully dangerous .
Yet another rude , crude R-rated comedy with the expected and familiar racial jokes , gay jokes , penis jokes .
The film wallows in such abject stupidity for big chunks of time that the talents of such actors as Jesse Eisenberg , Aziz Ansari , Danny McBride and Nick Swardson are largely wasted .
30 Minutes should n't work . But it does . A stoner movie without the spliff smoke , it 's proudly , sexually lewd with no cushion of boyish sweetness .
A brief adventure , with its faults more annoying than damaging . However , this movie could 've been an absolute riot with a stronger cast and secure script .
It 's hard to hate a movie that affectionately references the oeuvre of Kathryn Bigelow -LRB- both The Hurt Locker and Point Break ! -RRB- and uses a whiny Third Eye Blind ballad as an acidic punch line .
If Jesse Eisenberg and Michael Cera armwrestled , no one would win and daffodils would pop up from the table . This is actually my way of complimenting both actors .
Just enough good jokes to make it funny , just enough action to amp the energy , just enough heart to make it endearing . Sometimes , there 's nothing wrong with innocent mediocrity .
The cinematic equivalent of a shrug ... barrels through its mild laughs and rote action as if there 's a prize for delivering a movie in 90 minutes or less .
If you 're looking for misogyny , racism , homophobia , and contempt for poor people disguised as humor , this movie is for you .
Like his latest , Fleischer 's Zombieland borrowed plenty of genre tropes , but paid them back with a self-aware wink . 30 Minutes or Less just takes the money and runs .
A manic yet middling comedy that elicits a few laughs but mainly exudes the impression that a better , more rigorous treatment of the same wild concept could have yielded something truly special .
It 's punchy , nasty , laugh-out-loud-funny stuff that does n't flag or wear out its welcome .
I 'd still say you should see it if you like the people involved , but expect a movie that leaves you smiling without ever quite pushing you over to the full-blown laughter that all that talent might suggest .
A funny and fast-paced blast of silly energy , willfully dumb with a clever streak that keeps it afloat just long enough .
Clocking in at a mercifully short 83 minutes , pic spares us the endless ad-libbing , but is n't nearly as tight as its title implies .
Even if the film had been 30 minutes or less , this comedy would still be too long .
It is about as deep as a Wile E. Coyote and Roadrunner cartoon , but it has the right maniacal edge to keep you laughing along .
Like the Coen Brothers on speed , 30 Minutes or Less is an inspired update of the classic buddy action-comedy of the '80s and '90s


@highlight

It 's sporadically funny and it benefits from a talented cast , but 30 Minutes or Less suffers from a disjointed narrative , and too often mistakes crude gags for true lowbrow humor .