Both director and actor were clear on their intentions from the start , and this alignment produced a movie that holds up as one of the best arthouse films of the last 20 years , with a nearly unmatched quiet kind of intensity .
The acting awards are utterly perplexing : Benoit Magimel 's transformation in the final act smells fake . and Isabelle Huppert 's piano teacher is the nearest to a one-note performance she 's given in 20 years .
-LSB- Huppert gives -RSB- the single finest performance I have ever seen her give , and therefore almost by default one of the best of the decade .
A film of Artaudian cruelty , and a boundary-breaker in the cinema 's exploration of its own erotic and artisanal id .
A revolting and shocking work devoid of redemption and purpose .
If genital mutilation , rape , incest and twisted acts of sexual gratification are your thing , then this is the film for you . Any takers ?
It 's a harrowing , difficult film that 's only for the most adventurous art-house movie fans .
-LSB- Isabelle Huppert -RSB- outdoes herself .
This is a penetrating , deeply disturbing examination of desire and loneliness , of desperation and self-denial .
Will leave audiences cold and not a little depressed .
An unflinching view into sexual sadism , starkly contrasted against a background of Rachmaninov , Schubert and Bach .
Haneke keeps us at arm 's length . Guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .
It is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
A gripping psychological thriller that , while lacking the power of Funny Games , is still the work of a master .
It is as unlikely that you have ever seen another movie like The Piano Teacher as it is that you will ever want to see another one .
The Piano Teacher is the sort of movie that discourages American audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film .
A striking , brilliant film with extraordinary performances -- and Huppert 's acting is heartrending .
Huppert gives Erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she 'll crack .
Disturbing yet provocative .
To get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of Dr. Freud .
The Piano Teacher does not have a sentimental bone in its body , and is smugly difficult for this reason .
A frustrating exercise in the hormonal detours of human nature .
Dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , The Piano Teacher is a film that defies categorisation . It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . Ah yes , and then there 's the music ...
It 's a fascinating movie , one that is often difficult to watch and yet impossible to turn away from .
Is like The Graduate remade by David Lynch ; it 's no picnic to watch , but you ca n't look away .
This demanding , disturbing work is an extreme example of special-interest filmmaking .
Although Huppert 's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , The Piano Teacher is anything but fun .
It may be a prize winner , but Teacher is a bomb .
The strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film . Not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by The Piano Teacher .
Haneke 's script -LRB- from Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
A raw and unforgettable portrait of need and sexual repression .
Restraint is this movie 's mystery and its miracle . No matter how gruesome it is , mercifully , it 's always holding back .
Maybe a more creative mind than mine could have made sense out of `` The Piano Teacher ''
There are several images that will haunt you after the movie is over . Not an easy film to watch , but worth the effort .
Not for the prurient or squeamish , it 's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics .
At once difficult to watch and impossible to ignore , a brilliant and uncompromising portrait of a character both loathsome and pathetic .
`` The Piano Teacher '' may be the ultimate depiction of suffering for one 's art , but it 's a brutal viewing experience
A disconcertingly assured tango between tenderness and brutality .
Seems less like a fictional story than a tour through Freud 's forgotten files .
This austerely stunning film reminds us that not all art is pretty .
Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .
Huppert 's candid courage is breathaking , but Erika is a monster who slimes everything .
Taken as a straight drama , not everything in the film makes sense .
A powerful and outrageous film from Belgian director Michael Haneke , takes that stereotype and stands it on its head .
Haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .
painfully bleak and disheartening ... brilliantly made and uncompromising
Subversive , meditative , clinical and poetic , The Piano Teacher is a daring work of genius .
There is an old saying : Be careful what you ask for , because you might get it . The Piano Teacher has a more ominous lesson : Be especially careful with someone who has asked for you .
Once one experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
This is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade .
Anyone who 's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved . These people are really going to love The Piano Teacher .
Haneke has created a character who walks the edges of madness and reason , who acts on impulses that are odd and abhorrent , who seems totally foreign to her audience , but remains entirely , terrifyingly , human .
Directing with a sure and measured hand , -LSB- Haneke -RSB- steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
The Piano Teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
Leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
A disconcertingly riveting anti-love story .
-LSB- Haneke -RSB- has a definite talent for repulsive images -- moments here produce genuine shock and disgust . But he is also a tight and tidy thinker , whose moral observations are conventional and too insistently stated .
This riveting psychodrama probes the subject of sadomasochism with laser-like intensity .
Thanks to a superb performance by Isabelle Huppert , it 's compulsively , gruesomely watchable .
Those who would follow Haneke on his creepy explorations ... are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from Huppert and Magimel .
Huppert gives one of her greatest screen performances as Erika Kohut .
Older innocence collides with youthful wisdom in this slow-moving but consistently impressive and unsettling look at spinsterhood .
You really have to salute writer-director Haneke -LRB- he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
There 's hardly another actress in movies who could inhabit this Viennese specimen without seeming ludicrous -- and there may not be another who would care to .
The dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but Huppert 's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience .
Watching Haneke 's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment . But watching Huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting .
Michael Haneke 's latest torture mechanism is less funny game than daunting debasement ritual .
A brutal and absorbing portrayal of a repressed woman who takes refuge in sado-masochistic sexual games .
A masterful and lacerating vision of masochism and domination set in the conservative conservatories of Vienna .
What makes The Piano Teacher bearable is the brave , harrowing performance by Huppert .
The Piano Teacher is not an easy film . It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
There 's a fine line sometimes between daring and ridiculous , and although Austrian director Michael Haneke 's drama The Piano Teacher comes perilously close to the hysterical edge , it is also a shocking movie .
What a waste of a perfect cast .
Overall , the film misses the brilliance of Jelinek 's novel by some way . It settles for being merely grim .
If the film had been in less-capable hands , the subject matter could have easily lent itself to eye-rolling ridicule , but Huppert and Haneke manage to keep the credibility intact , at least up to a point .
A dark , intelligent , and thought-provoking examination of female repression .








@highlight

Though it makes for rather unpleasant viewing , The Piano Teacher is a riveting and powerful psychosexual drama .