Unfortunately , this is a wasted opportunity .
Escape from Tomorrow often makes good on its aspiration to stick it to the man in the mouse suit , but let 's not get carried away : Miley Cyrus is currently doing just that to much greater effect .
As a conversation piece for hardcore film buffs and Disney fans , it 's a fascinating little curiosity -- but that 's about it .
An incredible feat of satirical culture-jamming and gonzo movie-making , Escape from Tomorrow , for better or worse , wo n't be forgotten by those who agree to buy the ticket and take the ride
Anyone with a filmmaking background should watch the movie to see what real guerrilla filmmaking can accomplish .
Whatever the technical intrigue of a film shot guerilla-style at Disney World , the would-be surreal midlife crisis that ended up onscreen does n't work ... at all .
Semi-surreal science fiction complications , botched horror and bad , flat acting erupt , as well as dad 's perverse and lecherous desire for two underaged French girls .
The more Escape From Tomorrow lingers in the mind , the more disturbing and fascinating its implications on modern American culture become .
Mainly a one-trick Goofy-show , connecting a famous family-fun park with adult voyeurism , paranoid delusions and sexual obsession . There 's a tedium to Jim 's sex-obsession , some Freudian 101 symbolism , and the shrewishness of Jim 's wife is too much .
Definitely a great stunt , but you spend the film thinking how much more the `` Jackass '' / `` Bad Grandpa '' crew could have done with a premise like this .
Nothing this potentially dangerous should be this tedious to sit through .
It 's ultimately clear that the story behind Escape from Tomorrow 's production is far more compelling and interesting than the film itself ...
Aside from the really awesome poster , the much talked about ESCAPE FROM TOMORROW has nothing else to offer .
Cleverly shot guerrilla-style in Disney 's Florida and California theme parks , this offbeat thriller is an exercise in relentlessly inventive filmmaking , vividly proving that pure imagination can overcome a micro-budget .
It feels much like a theme park itself -- really exciting at first , but then your senses are dulled , and eventually you just want to go .
It 's not so much disrespectful to ` Uncle Walt ' and his beloved creations as it is honest about the primal urges and shameful desires that motivated the myths and fairy tales that inspired many of Disney 's more famous projects in the first place .
Not quite demented enough , but it scores major points for degree of difficulty and treating a Disney World vacation as the surreal nightmare it sometimes is .
Less provocative for its assault on the false ideals of corporate-controlled family fun than its clever repurposing of many of the same German expressionist and gothic horror tropes that are at the root of much Disney iconography .
In a world of corporate moviemaking , Escape From Tomorrow is the ultimate unstudio project . It says that when you wish upon a star , you may land a couple of sexy , underage French schoolgirls .
It 's a fascinating hypothesis , entertainingly told , and we can forgive the script some of its narrative lapses as we admire the sheer chutzpah of the on-the-fly guerrilla filmmaking it took to complete the project .
Even if this ride leaves us wanting more , it 's impossible not to marvel at the exceptional craftsmanship behind its construction .
Suggests an R-rated Twilight Zone episode with a twist of Fellini-lite , in a trite film school kind of way .
It 's really just a middling fantasy about a middle-aged dad having a meltdown during a family vacation to the Magic Kingdom , with a few scattered sci-fi and horror elements thrown in .
Chasing Jim down all those meandering , dead-end rabbit holes sure is a lot of escapist fun .
Kinda Goofy , very Dumbo .
That Moore is able to take Disney 's own product and twist it into a disturbing , perverse , satire with very little tampering is remarkable in its own right .
Sinister and surreal , it 's an eerie , experimental curiousity .
It might not be as fun as a day filled with carnival rides , but this surreal black-and-white comedy has plenty of oddball amusement
Even if it 's not great as a movie , it 's intriguing as a reflection of an experience familiar to most viewers .
It 'll ... leave you overstimulated , a little confused , and feeling like you 've seen something you 've never seen before - in other words , like you 've just been to Disneyland .
Cheekily bizarre , sly and audacious if imperfect . Some of -LRB- director Randy -RRB- Moore 's critiques are clearer than others and he tends to over-emphasize the sexual innuendo .
Part black-and-white student thesis film , part subversive attack on corporate-peddled American fantasy , Moore 's film casts a spell -- until it does n't .
The fact that it was shot on location is the most interesting thing about this curiosity , which otherwise is n't inventive or innovative enough to enter the canon of the truly great cult classics .
The effects-heavy movie flies off into exotic yet inconsequential science-fiction visions ; Moore 's view of the macabre in the banal is a tepid successor to David Lynch 's .
Escape From Tomorrow is the kind of movie you watch with your mouth hanging open in disbelief of the ballsiness you 're witnessing onscreen . A deliriously entertaining , you-gotta-see-it-at-all-costs motion picture experience .
Will be a polarizing film , but an entertaining one for the experimental to dabble in .
-LSB- A -RSB- creepy , inventive , nearly successful little movie ...
This is not agitprop . Moore is not promoting a political agenda with Disney as his target . Instead , this is a filmmaker exploring the discrepancy between reality and the fantasy world Disney represents .
Disney 's right to just ignore it ; I wish I could advise you not to do the same .
The cool part : It was shot inside Disney World -LRB- and Disneyland -RRB- on the sly . The problem : It runs out of plot and compelling characters fairly early .
You feel like you want to support the sheer guts it took to make this film , even if you wish it could have been better .
An act of cultural vandalism , the feature film equivalent of drawing genitals on cute storybook animals .
A borderline-experimental miasma of sexual neuroses , macho angst , regressive frenzy , and fevered paranoia .
`` Escape From Tomorrow '' delights in randomness , stumbling down one rabbit hole after another . Nothing really builds , from one scene to the next ; it 's like doing a Sudoku puzzle in disappearing ink .
It 's a prank and a spit in the eye of Disney 's relentless cheerfulness . But director Randy Moore 's pièce de résistance goes far beyond flipping the bird to the mouse that roars .
Subversive , surreal and deliciously stimulating .
Is this satire or parasitism ?
Writer-director Randy Moore channels everything from `` The Shining '' to David Lynch 's `` Eraserhead '' to depict a family 's gradual disintegration in what is supposed to be the happiest place on Earth .
None of it is as scary or as funny as it should be , and what starts out as a sly thumb in the eye of corporate power ends up as a muddled and amateurish homage to David Lynch .
Are the fantasies of a dirty middle-age man , drooling over underage girls in short shorts and grown women dressed as cartoon characters , really something to aspire to ?
As a movie , `` Escape From Tomorrow '' is at best pretty good , but the way it was made makes it something unique , possibly memorable .
Aside from the outlaw aspects of the filming , it 's never quite as interesting as you want it to be . But who knew that the Happiest Place on Earth could be so convincingly cast as a shadowy fever dream ?
A cult classic in the making , if I 've ever seen one .
Escape From Tomorrow soon turns into an endless loop of Expressionist symbolism , scoring its blunt points over and over until at last it limps off the screen , trailing suggestions of a reboot with altered players .
Moore 's sometimes surreal , sometimes sophomoric , black comic phantasmagoria , makes for a bumpy theme park ride .
Moore shows promising ingenuity in shooting parts of the movie covertly , within the notoriously restrictive Disney World resort . But his script never takes the same sort of risk .
Basically , the whole thing can be summed up as an epic midlife crisis .
The location dictated the way Moore ... worked , which in turn influenced what this movie became . This is n't some generic middle-class nightmare . It 's disturbingly specific .
`` Escape from Tomorrow '' is a much better idea than movie .
I was prepared to embrace Escape from Tomorrow with open arms . Instead , I find myself filled with an indifference that verges on the supernatural .
Escape from Tomorrow is a genuinely surprising , extremely uneven , downright experimental little movie that 's bound to be buzzy in film and intellectual property circles because of how it was made as much as what it 's about .
A sporadically amusing farce with a great gimmick .
First-time director Randy Moore achieves stunningly beautiful compositions made all the more impressive by the difficult circumstances of the shooting .
The feature debut of writer-director Randy Moore has a juicy cultural totem in its sights , the Disney empire , but it misses more than it hits .
May be the year 's most subversive film : a horrifying satire of the manufactured fun we 've come to associate with the Disney assembly line .
A one-of-a-kind piece of subversive surrealism filmed clandestinely at Disney World is far too haphazard , but offers images that will long stick in the mind .
A sneakily subversive exercise in low-budget surrealism and anti-corporate satire .
What we 're left with are a bunch of unseasoned performers and a first-time filmmaker clearly out of his depth ...
Moore lacks the off-kilter psychological nuances of Lynch , as well as the go-for-broke storytelling skills and visual élan . It does n't help that the cast is largely competent at best .
The movie plays best as a joke on Disney . The critique of the corporation and its theme parks , however , is lame and not at all new
The film is just a stunt or , more specifically , a calling card , but that might be enough for anyone who 's ever wanted to kick Mickey Mouse square in his padded , pious balls .
A labyrinthine descent into the grotesque extremes of a Disneyfied society , `` Escape From Tomorrow '' is surreal for many reasons and wholly original because of them .
Tomorrow does n't demand deeper inspection . It 's an inept lark that 's lucked into theatrical release due to the sanctity of its target , forgetting that actual filmmaking skill counts in the end .
Randall Moore 's film feels , quite frankly , like a Disney-fied version of a David Lynch film , exposing the underbelly of an American institution without offering any sort of real critique and featuring characters too unlikeable to care about .
One wishes a few different decisions had been made , especially during post-production , but no one can deny the originality of a piece that 's unlike anything else to play in Park City -LRB- or anywhere for that matter -RRB- in 2013 .
Escape from Tomorrow is n't awful , but it 's the kind of film that makes you wish it were better than it is .
A remarkable piece of filmmaking
The acting is n't perfect -LRB- which is perhaps understandable under the circumstances -RRB- , and the film 's dream states sometimes try too hard , but Escape From Tomorrow has an otherworldly atmosphere that both hooks and engages .
One of the most daring motion pictures I 've encountered in a very , very long time . ... An emotionally walloping experience that , for all its flaws , I would n't have missed for the world .
The Polanski-like madness clearly stems from some of the very real frustrations that families are met with in the face of overwhelming corporate homogeneity .

@highlight

Conceptually audacious but only intermittently successful in execution , Escape From Tomorrow is nonetheless visually inventive and darkly surreal .