While its style and structure conform to the well-worn template established by docs like Spellbound , its success lies in creating an accessible , fun way into serious issues .
Timely and intriguing docu was the winner of the Directing and Audience Awards at the Sundance Film Fest .
For all the dramatic pull of the competition and insight into current culture and politics in Afghanistan , it 's a bit of a shame that the film itself is such a dry affair .
... more than a popular phenomenon , this documentary shows how a simple , completely apolitical piece of entertainment crosses ethnic , regional and cultural borders ...
For once , the McDonald 's - like spreading of American culture abroad seems to have actually been a good thing .
The film is both optimistic and depressing . This film is about a real war with real deaths that is going on in Afghanistan and one of the battlefields of that war is a pop music contest on television .
Afghan Star is an engaging and important film and what it lacks in depth , it makes up for in cultural impact . Worth seeing .
An inspiring , fun documentary .
One of the more surreal docs to come down the pike in some time .
Afghanistan 's version of American Idol shines a spotlight on a culture in transition . Fascinating -- especially when it comes to the experiences of the woman who 's risking her reputation and social standing in order to sing .
It 's an upbeat film , though hardly a convincing one , that shows there 's more to the popular TV show than entertainment .
The filmmaking itself is pretty much by the numbers ... But there 's some genuine tension as the competition field narrows .
The film 's essential fascination and integrity swamp any qualms about its pacing or all-around moviemaking .
... by the end of the 88 minute journey you 'll learn more about contemporary Afghanistan than you will from a month of watching television news in the United States .
Of all the films to come out of the conflict , Afghan Star is the most provocative , because its message that people are essentially the same is a dubious , double-edge sword .
Marking has a good eye for capturing the contradictions of Afghanistan .
It 's hard not to look at the effect this program is having on the country and not come away thinking military might is n't the solution a lot of those in power would like us to believe it is .
Like The Kite Runner novel and movie , the documentary Afghan Star succeeds at dramatizing the lives of Afghans , but those we see on screen are real flesh-and-blood characters -- people who let their true feelings emerge .
An informative documentary revealing how decades of war and years of Taliban repression have fallen to the wayside , however briefly , as Kabul 's answer to American Idol seduces a violence-weary Afghanistan .
This documentary about the Afghani version of American Idol is good and worth a look , but I was never swept up by it emotionally .
One of the most hopeful and heart-rending movies I 've seen this year .
Director Havana Marking 's work is quite moving , particularly when it follows two of the three women who compete with nearly 2000 male applicants for the title .
This eye-opening film reveals that even systems as dubious as the Idol format mean dramatically different things when transferred to radically dissimilar cultures .
... insightful document that gives you so much more than the well-done look at a reality show .
Havana Marking 's excellent , illuminating film follows four Afghan Star finalists over the frenetic final months leading to the Moment of Truth .
Marking follows four contestants for the three months leading up to `` Afghan Star 's '' finale and , while there are some amusing parallels to `` American Idol , '' it is also clear Glambert would risk stoning had he been performing in Afghanistan .
In its vivid , suspenseful depiction of a high-stakes competition for prize money and the honor of being named Afghanistan 's top singer , Afghan Star goes much deeper .
A pleasantly uplifting film , one built upon hope and the strength of the human spirit .
Afghan Star reveals that the Afghan people strongly crave to make up for years lost to Taliban repression and catch up with the 21st century .
If you think American Idol is a cultural phenomenon here , imagine its impact on a country devastated by 30 years of internal strife , religious intolerance , civil war and foreign invasion .
This is about an Afghan culture that is at a real turning point .
A lively , compelling and illuminating documentary .
Entertaining and pointed , reveals the cultural , political , and social power of an old-fashioned televised talent show in a country where voting is a newfangled notion .
In the end , who wins and loses the competition is incidental . The power of Marking 's film comes from the fact the competition exists at all .
British filmmaker Havana Marking 's entertaining first feature documentary .
Fascinating and , when you see Afghan versions of Simon Cowell and Co. reacting to tryouts , a reminder of how fame and the thirst for it is the same in any language .
Simon Cowell does Kabul !
The movie uses the talent show Afghan Star as a prism through which to examine the fragmented tribal culture of Afghanistan as reflected in the backgrounds of four finalists -LRB- two of them women -RRB- and the public responses to their performances .
If nothing else , Afghan Star offers a reminder of how much has changed in Afghanistan from the late '70s -- when Kabul was a secular-oriented city with co-ed universities and a thriving nightclub scene -- to the rise of the Taliban .
An extraordinary documentary about an American Idol-like TV show that manages to capture the volatile mix of history , religion , and pop culture in contemporary war-torn Afghanistan .
If you think it 's impossible to underestimate the cultural significance of American Idol , go see British filmmaker Havana Marking 's documentary about its Afghani imitator .
Not a radical act of film-making and visually , it is far from an inspired piece of work - but it 's a great example of a film where the strong content rules supreme .
Although sadly rife with gut-clenching moments as those , Afghan Star is most thrilling when depicting the show 's delicately balanced effort to bring Afghans together despite their fractious ethnic and clan boundaries .
Afghan Star sets out with a delectably postmodern agenda .
Although not breaking new ground in terms of the way it is shot and edited , this is a compelling story and features some excellent archive footage .
Afghan Star provides us with an up-close peek at the more progressive side of war-torn Afghanistan .
Fascinating , ` Afghan Star ' pictures the familiar dropped into a totally foreign context distanced even more by recent and continuing bloody strife .
Afghan Star is as entertaining as any talent competition but also has a strong socio-political story , providing a revealing look at Afghanistan as its rebuilds after years of war , Taliban rule and struggles with democracy .
An absorbing - if , inevitably , impressionistic - picture of life in Kabul and beyond .
Informative and encouraging documentary .
Using popular culture as a window onto the hopes and fears of contemporary Afghanistan , Havana Marking 's winning documentary is worth making a song and dance about .
Sobering and cautiously optimistic , Havana Marking 's documentary is a treat .
Tracking the rebuilding of this decimated , divided country through the prism of trash TV might seem trite , but Havana Marking 's ambitious if overstretched documentary is sobering stuff .
And while its style and structure conform to the well-worn template established by docs like ` Spellbound ' , its success lies in creating an accessible , fun way into serious issues .
But the documentary reveals that tribalism is only one of the problems . `` She should be killed , '' says a young man of a female contestant who dared to dance on stage .
It 's a shrewd and entertaining guide to this popular phenomenon , which even the Taliban can not quite suppress , though nothing in the film quite matches the poignancy and power of its opening minute , showing a blind child singing about the power of love .
Afghanistan 's very own pop idols go head-to-head in a bright and sometimes troubling behind-the-scenes documentary - dancing is a no-no .
Havana Marking 's uproarious , awareness-raising documentary tells us more about the title country than a month of newscasts .



@highlight

An enlightening and sobering documentary on Afghanistan 's very own X-Factor .