It will make you shiver with fear , but it might also make you question what passes for `` natural '' when it comes to motherhood .
While its finale gestures at something emotional , getting there involves mucho familiar multiplex filler : loud screeches and some pretty silly business involving the girls ' sinister way with wax crayons .
Good acting ca n't forgive bad effects or narrative choices , and yes , there are a lot of those .
While Del Toro uses fantasy elements to reach deeper into childhood fear -LRB- see Pan 's Labyrinth -RRB- , Mama has flashes of terror then sets back to be , at best , routine .
Clearly suffers from post-production tinkering but offers some decent chills at its best moments .
If horror movies can be regarded for their degree of effort , then here is one of the hardest-working of the recent past .
The seeds of a truly great horror film are here , but they are n't quite developed enough to leave you with something truly memorable .
Mama is a terrifying success .
Mama is a serviceable scary movie that never quite coheres into something special .
Devotees of this genre should make a point of seeing the film , if only because it 's a great example of how to be creepy without resorting to cliché . But do n't expect any true horror to emerge , at least in the traditional sense .
Haunting and extremely atmospheric , Mama is a horror film imbued with an unsettling and affecting power .
The problem is that -LSB- the -RSB- movie barely meets the minimum generic requirements , and thus comes off as pretentious for presuming to hover so airily above them .
-LSB- The movie -RSB- has more integrity than its creepshow peers . The story basically comes down to a dead-looking woman who does n't want to be a mother fighting for parental custody against a long-dead woman who does . -LRB- Grad students , start your theses . -RRB-
Mama plays its hand curiously early and suffers for it .
There 's a lot of imagination in the film 's scare tactics that remind me of the disturbing charm of Val Lewton movies of old .
I ca n't hate a film operating at this level cinematically . But I can try .
Maternal-instinct-versus-the-monster is such a horror cliché that it feels almost subversive to watch a movie where the protagonist is a reluctant ` mom . '
The story-telling may be a bit confused at times . But , you 've got to love the genuine scares and images that `` Mama '' brings to the table .
A creepy and often heartbreaking look at family and how it can empower good . And pure evil .
MAMA 's a little silly and a little flawed , but it 's a blast , it 's original and , most importantly , it carries genuine emotional weight .
In the end the clichés and overly repetitive plot structure ca n't derail what is a well-played , well-shot horror flick .
Just how scary is Mama ? Put it this way ; if you 're suffering from constipation , this 'll cure you .
There are lots of shocks but no real surprises in Andres Muschietti 's Mama , a grimy , unpleasant Canadian-Spanish co-production from the stable of Guillermo del Toro .
-LSB- Andy Muschietti , Neil Cross , Barbara Muschietti and Guillermo del Toro -RSB- have an intuitive understanding of internalized chaos ... and , best of all , the pleasures of a really cool , skinny-limbed death-entity living in the closet .
Haunting with its tragically melancholy story , Mama does n't treat audiences as naïve fools . I am most impressed
Mama delivers good old fashioned scares without cheap gross-out and even moves us by its surprising and effectively executed lengthy climactic sequence
Very European in its direction , aesthetic and narrative , Mama possesses a strong , emotional core that will surprise those jaded by some of the lazier horror titles of late .
Die-hard del Toro fans will need little convincing to show up in theaters this weekend and should be mostly happy with Mama .
There are just enough twists to the old formula to keep you guessing to the end .
The digitally created Mama is spooky in smaller , sudden doses , a spindly , broken-boned corpse-like thing with fingers like tree roots .
If you can swallow the porcelain Chastain as a tattooed bass player in a punk band , then the supernatural hooey will not seem in any way hard to believe .
It seems churlish to admonish Andrés Muschietti for pushing our buttons so effectively for much of the running time , but one wonders how many variations on this increasingly well-worn theme remain .
It gradually falls apart the more Muschietti feels the need to explain Mama 's backstory .
Becomes increasingly arbitrary and explicit .
It is marred by implausible plot developments and , most importantly for a horror film , fails to deliver any scares .
It 's an original concept but still uses horror clichés to signal shocks - loud noises , slamming doors and flickering lights .
Bloody scary .
Mama is an old-fashioned offering that 's low on gore and high on atmosphere , not unlike some of the better Japanese shockers that came out after The Ring .
Atmospheric and initially quite intriguing Mama turns more conventional once the lights start flickering and things go bump in the night but it is still a superior supernatural shocker .
Expanded from a sharp 3-minute short , this horror mystery is packed with clever jolts and witty freak-out moments .
There is some majorly cheesy stuff going on here ... but some elegantly simple scares too , really primal stuff involving unknown things that might be under the bed and shadowy things that might be in the closet .
Extended from a 2008 short and starring Jessica Chastain , this has become a proficient , machine-tooled horror flick .
Mothers , moths , myths - all seemingly thrown together by someone on meths .
The film sticks rather too often to horror movie conventions .
Watchable horror flick enlivened by stylish direction , some nice ideas and a strong performance from Jessica Chastain , though it overplays its hand a little towards the end .
While well executed , Muschietti 's feature debut lacks the originality and flair to have much staying power , though it ends on a high with an unexpected , oddly bittersweet conclusion .
It 's frankly laughable by the daft end , when Mama and her tragic tale are fully revealed .
By splitting the action between several different characters and locations , the plot dissipates the suspense and lacks focus , as if it has been bolted together from disparate , ill-fitting pieces .
Unfortunately both the story and the effects take a slide into silliness in the third act , as the open-ended short lurches into a melodramatic conclusion that chimes with del Toro 's taste for fairytale excesses .
For those who favour a good old-fashioned ghost story , bristling with suspense , this film should be embraced with open arms .
Poor Jessica Chastain . Just one week after the release of the acclaimed Zero Dark Thirty out comes Mama , a patently ridiculous kids-raised-by-a-ghost flick .
blessed with an original story , elegant direction , a gifted cast , and a suitably unsettling subtext about the pleasures and perils of childhood
Stylishly efficient and well acted horror fare that does n't bash the viewer over the head with its mythology .
Within the context of a modern Brothers Grimm fairy tale Mama considers the range of maternal instincts from dutiful indifference to selfish sheltering .
Fairytale horror that is low on scares and velocity but buoyed by the syrup-thick atmosphere and the creepy stares of the young actresses .
Creepy and strangely compelling , ` Mama ' is n't the junky horror flick you might expect .
No mere shocker , but a thoughtful rumination on what it means to love , lose , and move on from life 's cruel blows .
The movie 's progressively uninvolving vibe is compounded by an increased emphasis on Annabel 's Ring-style investigation into Mama 's origins ...
As each contrivance piles it becomes clear that the filmmakers are just padding an otherwise sporadic and unmotivated series of jolts .
Screenplay contrivances aside , it 's as stylish and atmospheric as modern horror gets .
For about two-thirds of its length , it promises to be a masterpiece of its type . It eventually succumbs to the Hollywood contagions of too much CGI and too much MUCHness ; the title ghost , for example , loses its power as it becomes too active and visible .
Feels like people who could be making a much better film spending too much time playing in the same old sandbox as everybody else .
Even if the beats are familiar , Muschietti sustains a remarkable mood throughout : wintry , elemental and stark , like a late Sylvia Plath poem .
This skin-crawling creep-out of a custody battle wo n't win any major awards , but it does liven things up with more than a few good , old-fashioned scares .
Billed as a horror movie but more truthfully a horrible movie . Jessica Chastain ca n't save this one .
Muschietti makes the scares in Mama too obvious to be effective , but the quiet in-between times suggest genuine horror ...
Genuinely creepy , well-crafted , but after a fine setup it degenerates into a cheesy supernatural thriller .
` Mama ' is at its scariest when it plays in the shadows and employs Val Lewton shock cuts to make the girls fairly explode into the frame ... Sadly , by story 's end a strong sense of CG-laced déjà vu sets in .
The performances are fine , the effects believably chilling , and the suspense creeps up in a perfectly paced scarefest that thankfully proves that the horror genre still works -LRB- as long as the chainsaws stay put -RRB- .
As Jessica gradually decides the girls are lovely examples of childhood in full bloom rather than cootie-carrying carpet vermin , the ghostly CG manifestation called `` Mama '' gets jealous . And Hell hath no fury like a CG manifestation scorned !
I was guessing right till the bitter , scary , transcendent end .
Unimaginative and far from scary , do n't believe anyone who tells you ` Mama ' is worth your money or time .
It starts out strongly , using evocative visuals and an unsettling backstory to establish a creepy tableau , but it proves unable to sustain those strengths all the way to the finish line .
While neither groundbreaking or memorable and burdened by a weird resolution , somehow its pop-up shocks and younger cast 's beguiling performances make Mama entertaining enough . After all , mothers can be very scary .
Though it 's visually elegant ... and boasts some genuinely creepy moments , it 's narratively thin and repetitive , and relies too much on ` gotcha ' moments that quickly grow tiresome .
Mama is not a gross out horror film and it 's not trying to terrorize you . But it does deliver an elegantly creepy ghost tale that might subtly insinuate itself into your nightmares .
While the child actresses are quite good , only Chastain makes an impression among the grown-ups , and that 's more for our willingness to chart her career trajectory than for anything connected to her underdeveloped role .
Is this Chastain 's reputation-besmirching Norbit ? Pshaw -- for my money , it 's her best performance yet .
Had it come out last October as originally scheduled , head-to-head with Sinister , it would have been a mistake . As it is , it 's a perfectly acceptable slice of January horror .
Much like the way a neglected child still looks up to the flawed parent who gives it their best , many horror fans will still love Mama , regardless of her shortcomings .
Despite fizzling into conventional drama , much of Mama is pretty creepy .
The filmmakers manage that rare trick of weaving a pervasive blanket of dark mood , an almost suffocating sense of dread that sets up the boo-gotcha moments .
Director Andres Muschietti has taken his celebrated short and expanded it out over 100 unnecessary minutes . The result screams for editing instead of eliciting shrieks from the audience .
Fun ghost story , awesome monster , and Jessica Chastain dressed as Joan Jett . What more could you want ?
The middle section of the film just drags on and on , as Mama lurks about the house popping out an inopportune moments while Muschietti stalls for time .
There has not been a film of this kind as eerie , creepy and unnervingly evocative since the sleeper hit ` Woman in Black ' and Juan Antonio Bayona 's The Orphanage . '
Make no mistake , on the primal level that it needs to , Mama works one hundred per cent ; I ca n't recall being this scared in a movie since the heyday of J-horror .
Better than anything Chastain did in either The Tree of Life or Zero Dark Thirty .
The ride may be a little wobbly , but Muschietti holds his ground , conjuring an ominous chiller that has imagination and visual muscle where it counts the most .
The visual effects and sound design are unique , and a pleasure to watch , even when the suspense is n't really working . Producer del Toro should have let more things stay ambiguous and encouraged first-time director Muschietti to concentrate on the mood .
The metaphorical mother-child connection becomes a mystical horror show of significant power . Sadly it comes too late to save `` Mama . ''
I rather liked the first half - but , caution : cliches abound , and do n't go in expecting much based on the much-bandied Guillermo del Toro name .
It 's an interesting effort ... although , sadly , in the end `` effort '' is really the crucial word .
There 's something eerily effective about juxtaposing childhood innocence with the violent , the supernatural , the deranged . Evil shines all the more brightly when held up against the sweet promise of youth .
Chastain has an excellent time . And so did I , for most of the movie : It 's much more suspenseful than violent , being careful not to allow us to figure out Mama too quickly .
There 's something dead and rotting at the center of `` Mama , '' and it is n't the ghost of the woman who lends the horror film its title .
Minus the blood , gore and carving devices of many horror films , Andres Muschietti 's feature debut provides plenty of scares and jolts . Plus , there 's Jessica Chastain .
Spooky , supernatural and grotesquely stylish - with a silly , contrived conclusion .
If you like your scares to be of the traditional variety , this might just be right up your alley . If you 're looking for something more interesting , this is mediocre at best . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Two-thirds of the way through Mama a psychiatrist hypnotizing a little girl asks her if she 's asleep . Yes , she says . In fact , by then , so is the audience .
A very stylish ghost story with more on its mind than the usual slash-and-bleed horror flick .
Cliches mount until the climax , which is strangely satisfying and anything but the happily-ever-after conclusion we have been bred to expect .
There 's really on one reason for `` Mama '' to exist , and that is to raise the hairs on the back of one 's arm . And it does that -- repeatedly .
Muschietti definitely has a future in this genre if he chooses to pursue it .
-LSB- T -RSB- he screenplay runs around in circles ...
... a ghost story where we care about the real people as much as the tragic story of the ghost ...
Muschietti does n't have the chops to sustain tension once he ditches the parts of his story that are conceptually intriguing . Once the film becomes a conventional horror show , it deflates fast .
A beautifully macabre fairy tale . `` Mama '' is an early-in-the-year scream , and deliciously so .
-LSB- A -RSB- respectable entry into the horror genre that values chills over kills .
Mama is an enchantingly dark fairy tale mixed with horror and fantasy , playing off the emotions of a mother 's undying love , shown in a powerful light and supplemented by true scares .
`` Mama '' is skillfully made , and although Chastain is the best thing in it , she 's not the only thing in it .
Spanish director Andrés Muschietti introduces a rewarding emotional element and ends in a way too daring for American counterparts .
Mama is something of a throwback , and at times a stunning one .
This is a picture about how a mother 's love can be nourishing at its best but suffocating in the extreme . Chastain embraces that idea wholly , without squeezing the life out of it .
The fact that Guillermo del Toro is an executive producer of Mama is a tip-off that this wo n't be just another horror film with misbehaving and soon-to-be-dismembered teenagers or a drooling , slime-soaked monster .
More effective than you might expect .
Instead of delivering buckets of guts and gore , this ghost story offers a strong sense of time and place , along with the kind of niceties that do n't often figure into horror flicks ...
An atmospheric and stylish -- if not always smart -- ghost story .
`` Mama '' announces the arrival of a director who works unusually well with actors-the two children are truly scary-and who creates highly charged environments , effective sound designs and powerful fantasy sequences .
Though `` Mama '' does n't work , it has the ghost of a good idea at its core .
Surprisingly , this patchwork pastiche often works .
... an interesting haunting angle and a before-she-was-famous Jessica Chastain does her bit to raise up the material , but the filmmakers seriously lose their grip with a protracted finale that overexposes its titular monster
Like another del Toro stamp-of-approval Spanish horror entry , The Orphanage , Muschietti 's Mama is full of arty tropes - sepia-toned flashbacks , flickering lights , menacing murmurings .
You know something is up when what looks like a cheapie fright flick is produced by Guillermo Del Toro and boasts an Oscar-nominated actress in Jessica Chastain . Mama does n't live up to their potential , but the film knows how to creep you out .
`` Mama '' is a smartly refreshing departure , a truly scary movie exemplifying horror at its purest .
The frustration ... is how much the movie leans on made-ya-jump scares and contrived plot devices when its quieter chills and already fraught setups are so potent .
Mama is a film that teeters on the brink of being good or bad , but the top-notch acting , stylish visuals , and surprisingly unconventional ending make this worth seeing .
Mama turns out to be a film that does n't go far enough into its own concept , skirting the edges of edginess without ever wanting to actually commit to it .
Can we declare a moratorium on stringy-haired ghost women who make freaky noises ?
If you 're going to have a ghost in your movie , it might be a good thing to present a viable alternative to that ghost . `` Mama , '' however , presents a battle between two not very good options before crumbling like a sheet on a string .
Mama is a throwback horror movie -- but do n't throw it back . It has something powerful to offer if you like genuinely creepy , scary ghost stories .
Why does it always have to be moths ?
The atmosphere is appropriately creepy , and there are some starts , if not outright scares . But it just gets stupid .
There is a kind of horror movie that bashes you in the head , and there is a kind of horror movie that creeps into your imagination . `` Mama '' is in the latter family .
An elegant and edgy thriller , Mamais a ghost story laced with fairytale sensibilities , benefitting from the nightmarish , artful influence of executive producer Guillermo del Toro .
By about a half-hour into the film , it 's pretty evident what the general explanation is for all the supernatural shenanigans , so the remainder becomes a fright flick on autopilot .
Mama is clumsily written and choppily edited , but Chastain does n't have a bad scene in it , and you can see why she chose to be in this supernatural ghost story .
Plenty of horror movies are willing to settle for making audiences jump . Mama is more ambitious by far : It makes sure viewers are emotionally committed even when they are n't clutching their armrests or covering their eyes .
`` Mama '' succeeds in scaring the wits out of us and leaving some lingering , deeply creepy images ...
The dull , cliche-filled Mama is the kind of movie in which you do n't fear the demon in the main character 's bed , only envy that she gets to lay down .
At long last , Vicki Lawrence is robbed of her title of Most Terrifying Mama - though it stumbles in its final scenes , this slow-burn creepfest offers a few fresh scares .
... there is a sadness that ultimately defines who or what ` Mama ' really is , and that seems more important than the scares .
` Mama ' is horror film loaded with great ideas and multiple scares , but it 's deflated by horrendous CGI and ridiculous exposition .
Creepy and emotional , the best ghost story since `` Insidious ''
Producer Del Toro elevates this mediocre horror picture with decent if familiar scares and good technical values .
Nothing in the movie is quite original , yet Muschietti , expanding his original short , knows how to stage a rip-off with frightening verve .
What 's under the bed ? Who 's behind that door ? What 's making those vaguely satanic noises ? These and other thought-provoking questions are entertained in Mama , a visually polished but overly repetitive chiller .
It never hits the high notes of Mr. del Toro 's own films or successfully weaves between reality and fantasy as it should .
The short it 's based on is a single scare and while the feature honors that single scare , the attempt to expand upon it results in a handful of less successful permutations connected by a clunky narrative .
The premise is n't even worthy of executive producer Guillermo del Toro , who will apparently lend his name to any film as long as it fulfills its quota of moths and vulvic openings .
In essence , Mama represents a throwback and a modest delight for people who like a good scare but prefer not to be terrorized or grossed out .
A better than average horror premise and some clever bits that are often enough to make up for the more obvious moments that foray into cliché territory .
Mama never delivers the primal terror its premise would suggest .
Guillermo del Toro - the director of such minor masterpieces as `` The Devil 's Backbone '' and `` Pan 's Labyrinth '' - weakens his sphere of influence by producing a sorely underdeveloped horror movie that manufactures scares from the crudest of tropes .
Expertly conjured atmosphere only gets Muschietti so far .
Stylish and unflinching debut by Andrés Muschietti , complete with an unforgettable ending that 's refreshingly honest and brutal ... Very much a part of the canon of Guillermo del Toro .

@highlight

If you 're into old-school scares over cheap gore , you 'll be able to get over Mama 's confusing script and contrived plot devices .