The result is thoroughly delightful . The reasons for its success lie in Disney 's own unfettered animal spirits , his ability to be childlike without being childish .
The period 's feathery drawing style abounds , and an all-round warmth pervades .
Smple , uncluttered , straight-forward fun .
The plot and pacing may be nearly as lazy as the sloth bear Baloo -LRB- Phil Harris -RRB- , but animators use that to their advantage , developing the characters so that even minor ones seem majorly entertaining .
Here 's yet another animated feature from Disney 's mostly barren stretch between its two golden ages , a film that plays better in nostalgia-tinged memories than in the here-and-now .
Disney 's grandniece recently cast aspersions on the picture , but I do n't share her pessimism .
-LSB- Blu-ray Review -RSB- Looking and sounding like a million bucks -LRB- or more -RRB- and full of exhaustive bonus content new and vintage , the Blu-ray release of `` The Jungle Book '' is a must-own for anyone who loves animation , the Walt Disney studio , or film in general .
Every one of the bunch is memorable , and each plays gracefully into the action of the film .
... a sporadically entertaining yet hopelessly uneven bit of animated filmmaking .
Jaunty animation meets jazzy songs in Disney classic .
By far the most contemporary in expression and attitude of any Disney animated feature to that time .
The standout song goes to Harris , a rhythmic ` Bare Necessities ' extolling the value of a simple life and credited to Terry Gilkyson .
A witty animated feature from Disney based on the famous Rudyard Kipling stories .
It 's a slight tale , of course , and incredibly short , but the characters and songs are pretty much perfect viewing time and again .
Ridiculously entertaining .
A serious disappointment , recommended only for inveterate Disney fans and very young people .
With an ensemble cast of memorable characters , catchy tunes and lots of zaniness , it 's hard not to love the Kipling adaptation .
The literally last-minute stab at domestic foreplay is simply unbelievable , but Baloo 's lip-licking post-mortem -LRB- `` I still think he 'd a made one swell bear '' -RRB- is what sticks .
Reflects a conservative , imperialist , ` do n't mix the races/species ' worldview . Yet it 's also about friendship and truthfulness , and it 's just plain fun .
The roughness around the edges of The Jungle Book are part of what makes it such a classic .
... the characters , music , and animation more than make up for any shortcomings , and the result is pleasant entertainment for everyone .
Whatever it lacks in heroic reach it more than makes up for in sociable personality and devastatingly expressive animation from the Disney masters , making it an underground classic that 's impressively stood the test of time .
It 's also got great knockabout visual gags , mercifully little cutey-poo sentiment , and reasonable songs .
Fun characters , irresistible songs -- a Disney classic .
Pretty good , but not great later Disney effort .
I 'll never get that `` Bear Necessities '' song out of my head , ever . I guess that 's a testament to the movie .
The Jungle Book is n't without its rough spots , but on the whole it 's fully deserving of its place in the Disney canon .
The background animation is embarrassing , but the songs are fun .
. . an uneven episode in the Disney legacy , without much shape and substance beyond the concept of jumping from one scene to the next in order to get to the next musical number .
The Jungle Book is fun , cheerful animation ; high on hummable songs and comedy ; and low on scary moments .








@highlight

With expressive animation , fun characters , and catchy songs , The Jungle Book endures as a crowd-pleasing Disney classic .