... it is more than welcome , full of generous quotations and ancestor worship-a memory book , a bildungsroman , and practically a palimpsest , with the past written over but not at all erased , still signifying .
Evans 's admirable desire to introduce a misunderstood era 's legacy to a wider public helps to excuse the film 's occasional clunky dialogue and narrative longueurs .
A refreshingly-honest empowerment flick set against an historical examination of African-American homosexuality .
Writer/director Rodney Evans has tackled a lot here , too much really
Quiet , thought-provoking ... Robinson 's portrait is joyously dignified , poetic and earthy .
satisfying original journey that is well worth checking out for its sincerity and refreshing honesty
Although its reach exceeds its grasp , Rodney Evans ' picture deserves points for its ambition and many elements of its craftsmanship .
The story is a little uneven , but Anthony Mackie and Roger Robinson make it worth a look .
Takes on a plethora of phobias . Homophobia , racial prejudice and age discrimination are among its targets , and it hits them squarely and fairly .
An uneven but provocative drama .
... uneven yet absorbing . Ambitious and thought-provoking in his -LRB- Evans -RRB- willingness to explore the complex depths of alienation and artistry
Most of the movie 's clumsiness comes in documentary veteran Evans ' mix of fact and fiction .
A very good drama about the difficulties of being young , black , and gay . With a bigger budget and a sharper focus , it might have been a great one .
Brother to Brother is a specialized film that will help bring to light the self-affirming ideas of pride in one 's self and one 's artistic pursuits .
Works far better as an idea than its execution .
Ambitious but clumsy , it 's a movie to appreciate rather than to be engaged by .
Radiantly smart , sexy and deeply affecting .
There are a couple of self-conscious moments , to be sure , and some anachronisms , but on the whole , Brother to Brother is a graceful work of range and depth .
In movies , the young are forever being taken back in time by the old , but what sets apart this low-energy yet ambitious debut feature by writer-director Rodney Evans is the complexity of the questions that journey raises .
Offers fascinating historical context and two fine lead performances -LRB- by Anthony Mackie and Roger Robinson -RRB- along with some rather awkward storytelling .
-LSB- Evans ' -RSB- overall effort is an eminently worthy one .
Interesting for its historical content .
Had the film possessed a little more energy , it would have been easier for me to recommend it across the board .
Sound intense ? It is , but it 's also funny , sexy and very cleverly done .
An intelligent and entertaining exploration of racial and sexual politics that brings alive the Harlem Renaissance of the 1920s , and draws parallels with African-American identity crises of today .
Mackie gives a moving performance as Perry .
Works more as a fascinating window into the days of the Harlem Renaissance , than an allegory of the struggles of the modern-day gay black male .
Suffers from didacticism .
The filmmaker 's frankness and sincerity win out over his schematic tying-up of past and present and the stagy historical - recreation feel of the period sections .
Caught between two worlds and two seemingly warring identities , the lead character in Rodney Evans 's heartfelt film Brother to Brother wears the weary and worried look of a man divided .
Honestly , sensitively and movingly covers the life struggles of black , gay artists in the present and past .
The filmmaker finds a way to pay homage to a lesser-known , valiant figure , sympathetically portrayed through Robinson 's witty performance .
Not surprising for a film that uses a term paper as a framing device , Brother to Brother feels too much like a school project .
Brother to Brother looks back to the pioneering days of the Harlem Renaissance and traces its spiritual manifestation in present day New York City .
A real treat for history nuts , but everybody else should dig it , too .
Evans ' debut has the courage to ask for change without resorting to preaching the answers .
While the cast is uneven , Mackie and Robinson both create sensitive , sympathetic characters .
An artistically ambitious , intellectually uncompromising and affectionately crafted overview of 70 or so years of racial and sexual politics .
Has the quiet urgency of a story that must be told .
A drama that brings the Harlem Renaissance of the 1920s alive even as it explicates a quite modern dilemma .
This first feature from writer-director Rodney Evans ... heralds the emergence of an exciting new voice in black filmmaking , a man willing to look deeply into culture and mores to gain insight into problems that refuse to go away .
May just be the most sophisticated and compelling movie about the lives of black gay men ever made .


@highlight

Led by two fine lead performances , Brother to Brother is a moving and thought-provoking dramatization of the Harlem Renaissance .