Too dramatic of a subject for this kind of comedy . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Nothing jumps out aside its simplicity and fails to search the complexity in a story that is so clearly inclined that even its most extreme detractors would find it hard to find an attack . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Director -RSB- Petra Volpe develops well-defined , coherent characters ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Divine Order stays relatively cheerful before tumbling into melodrama in its final third .
Think Suffragette meets Goodbye , Lenin ! by way of Made in Dagenham .
This is a serious film , but it has humour and tenderness too .
Deeply researched , and the production design is astonishing ... even the cinematography seems to come from the period ... while there is gentle humour , and triumph , nothing is overplayed ... Its dignity and reserve are inseparable .
Leuenberger is a shyly brilliant heroine , but formulaic set pieces and improbable character arcs rob the film of distinctiveness .
-LSB- A -RSB- good-humoured comedy-drama ...
We know the ending - Switzerland gave women the vote , becoming one of the last European countries to do so - but this is a warm telling of a neglected story .
If the story beats are familiar , writer/director Petra Biondina Volpe elevates them with an unerring focus on character , while the excellent ensemble deliver a genuine sense of sisterhood .
Volpe brings the lightest of touches to a tale that runs along familiar lines , but there is sufficient grit to counteract the cosier elements and an irresistible central performance from Marie Leuenberger .
Leuenberger makes Nora 's gradual awakening to gender issues feel like the sun coming out on a dreary day , brimful of unexpected warmth .
Everyone is good ... and the ensemble , together with Volpe 's fine script and expert direction , make this vital tale soar .
Leuenberger brings a vulnerability and defiance to Nora that elevates the film past dogma or sentimentality .
There is definitely some fine acting with some nice shots of the village and effort to evoke the 1970s , but it 's not enough to save overall bland filmmaking .
Volpe undermines the gravity of her tale with periodic dashes of quirk that are admittedly funny but tonally deaf .
Sublime tale of political and sexual awakening of 1970s Swiss house frau . Great cast . Writer-director Petra Volpe is someone to watch .
Although it runs down an expected checklist , the movie is incredibly likable largely due to Leuenberger 's shy , unlikely heroine .
A film that follows the template of an audience-pleasing , timid fable of female empowerment .
The message here is that everyone has it in them - all it takes is a friend or two fighting for the same thing .
The course of the film 's story is somewhat predictable and played broadly . But where Volpe 's work really shines is when it makes the bigger issue personal .
Written and directed by Petra Volpe -LRB- `` Dreamland '' -RRB- , this Swiss import is enjoyable if you do n't expect much .
The way The Divine Order ties suffrage and the right to choose one 's own destiny with Annie Sprinkle-style sexual liberation is almost a little too pat , but also results in an ending which qualifies as `` happy '' in more ways than one .
Volpe 's portrayal of this struggle is made better than most by how she translates the politics of their argument onto a relatable , human level .
Short on complexity and depth , `` The Divine Order '' gives us a parade of heroines and villains . Instead of raising questions , it seems to want to induce in viewers a sense of smugness .
Story of the transformation of a submissive housewife into a change-maker in her small conservative Swiss town .
A conventional but exceptionally warm crowd-pleaser of a movie , mostly thanks to Leuenberger 's performance .
The Divine Order is a tale of female empowerment but it 's not without it 's faults .
Within the story 's sometimes too-neat outline , Volpe lets most of her characters breathe .
Despite some awkward attempts at broad comedy , the film works as an uncomplicated reminder of what can happen when disenfranchised women speak up .
Judith Kaufmann 's cinematographic style favors shadows that frame the faces of these women , and at times her camera pushes in for quick zooms as if we 're in a tense Martin Scorsese picture .
The Divine Order is a fierce , fiery film that should be seen by anyone who feels helpless in the ongoing struggle for equality .
Essential viewing for those interested in a wider perspective on feminist challenges .
The movie is a lovely diversion , and a reminder of how recent some changes to women 's rights have been .
A film that cleverly navigates the contentions and tempers of women 's rights .
The film is merely heartwarming without inspiring the rousing spirit of activism it depicts .
The Divine Order is intelligent fun but functions on another level .
`` The Divine Order '' effectively illustrates how peer pressure can influence the political process .
Maybe these tonal shifts were intentional , but they 're betrayed by predictable plot developments which make them seem more like window dressing than an intuitive part of their director 's vision .
A gentle , unassuming picture , it does have a satisfying , feelgood trajectory and empathetic central performance from Marie Leuenberger .
The Divine Order is a sweet slice of history that rewards the frustrations brought on by the sexism the women consistently battle with their eventual triumph in the end .
Petra Biondina Volpe skillfully balances the personal and political in a spirited , rousing chronicle of Switzerland 's women 's suffrage movement , filtered through the experiences of a handful of locals .
The performances and narrative flounder to strike the right balance between comedy and drama .
Feminism triumphs as Swiss women push for the right to vote .
An entertaining if also largely predictable story of an individual swept up in the tide of history .

@highlight

The likable cast carries The Divine Order , a crowd-pleasing film that delivers a rousing -- if surface level -- account of the Swiss women 's suffrage movement .