... Texas Killing Fields is a must-see .
A downbeat but atmospheric police-procedural thriller , that works in parts but not as a whole because of serious plot holes making it incoherent .
The film does n't really go anywhere or establish any narrative sense , which is problem , since it 's ostensibly a police procedural .
I know many people do n't like Sam Worthington and I 'm one of them . Worthington is trying to prove that he 's not the one-dimensional actor that we all think he is .
depressing characters slogging through a depressing story for a depressing movie
`` Texas Killing Fields '' is nothing more than an average crime thriller with some better-than-average suspense . Paul Chambers , CNN .
Don Ferrarone 's script could have used one more revision for sequential flow , character depth and back-story clarity . But there 's promise for Ms. Mann .
A pretty routine police procedural with ... a little bit of regional flavor .
works sporadically , but never consistently , and ends up feeling much lighter and more forgettable than its `` inspired by true events '' tagline would seem to merit
Overall , Texas Killing Fields manages to be one of the more smarter and engaging crime procedurals released as of late and shows promise of an engaging filmmaker on the rise in Mann .
Mann Jr shows plenty of promise in a film that does n't tarnish the family name . But hindered by niggling flaws , it hardly revolutionises an over-saturated genre .
Despite the jumbled plot and structural problems , the shady characters and gritty settings compensate .
A procedural without structure . It 's a mood piece with no definable mood . It 's a thriller without clear villains or even threats .
Post-Silence of the Lambs and Se7en , there 's no reason for the level of suspense to be commensurate with a first season episode of C.S.I. New York .
The characters will be familiar to fans of police procedural shows and TV movies .
Nothing in this film sets your nerves a-tingling .
Merely an elongated version of any current crime show on television
Reduces the police procedural to its bare essentials .
Just uses a spooky atmosphere and fractured style to disguise the fact that it 's actually covering quite familiar territory .
The story simply does n't stand up , with its combination of well-worn plot elements and confusing red herrings -- or maybe they 're just details that do n't add up .
-LSB- A -RSB- southern-fried rehash of David Fincher 's Seven .
The police intelligence could n't be more basic -- oh , really , do you think those sleazy dudes changed the license plate on their car ?
Scenes do not always necessarily follow one another . I was sometimes unclear who some of the characters were .
Although it 's interesting to see this type of rural life under siege , it 's the subject matter which the director should have had grabbed by the throat , not vulnerable women .
A two-pronged police procedural whose misdirection ca n't disguise its essential lack of juice . . feels half-baked and half-hearted .
The atmosphere of imminent evil is like that in Mann Sr 's masterly Manhunter , and there are brilliantly staged , edgily unexpected action sequences .
Mostly , we see characters glancing significantly toward one another or arguing about things that do n't matter all that much in the outcome , and there is one oh-so-clever red herring .
An assured , moody police procedural rendered with rich cinematography .
The only notable element of this police procedural is that director Ami Canaan Mann , daughter of filmmaker Michael Mann -LRB- `` Heat , '' `` Collateral '' -RRB- , who produced here , appreciates dad 's esthetic but ca n't replicate it .
Long on style and short on coherent storytelling ...
Dripping in gothic atmosphere , the only problem is it 's all too easy to guess who did what .
A competent film but only marginally better than typical TV fare .
Takes its suspense for granted , which leaves it weak where it should be at its most chilling .
Like the Texas City killer 's plans , something 's gone terribly wrong .
Forget about murder : this moody cop thriller is guilty of a more heinous offence - criminal negligence of its dream-team cast .
It 's all just shorthand and clichés from other cop movies - the moral avenger , the workaholic loner .
It might be unfair to read an artist 's work on the basis of her lineage , but Ami Canaan Mann is asking for it .
A solid police procedural with strong performances from its four main actors .
We get to know the detectives at the film 's core , how they work , what drives them , and the place they 're sworn to protect . And then the film ends after telling only one story , which seems kind of odd these days .
Mann is definitely one to watch .
As solid Saturday night entertainment goes , this is a consistently compelling , enjoyably old school potboiler .
The identity of the villain is beside the point ; he-she-it might as well have a Looney Tunes-ish neon arrow emblazoned KILLER ! pointing at their noggin . What matters more is the thick sense of atmosphere that Mann and her collaborators conjure .
The plot is a chaos of underdeveloped relationships and frayed loose ends , but every so often , Mann does something so right that it makes this seem less a matter of narrative disorganization than a commentary on the anarchy intrinsic to any investigation .
Director Mann does a fine job in presenting a bleak , matter-of-fact police procedural TV pilot . Only problem is , Texas Killing Fields was not made for television .
On more than one occasion , scenes just do n't seem to fit right , as if an editing-room scuffle had left some crucial connective tissue on the floor .
Despite the presence of some notable names at the top of the cast including the currently ubiquitous Jessica Chastain , the steadily-paced drama looks more of a small-screen proposition .

@highlight

Texas Killing Fields is a competent boilerplate crime thriller , brewing up characters and plots used in better films .