No need to resist this enchanting , airy trifle with a surprisingly sober twist .
Charming , but too contrived for a great turn on
The quiet joys of Shall We Kiss ? are to be found not only in the observational writing and the pitch-perfect performances but in the way the mood shifts from tantalising foreplay to more serious matters .
More quirky than wacky , this winning comedy only hits its romantic high when we return to that framing story , the storyteller who wo n't casually kiss because she knows , damn well , there 's no such thing as a casual ` French ' kiss .
The influence of Woody Allen is obvious , but Mouret -- though he overdoes the tics and hesitancies of his nervous lover -- manages to make this combination of humour , sex and pain all his own .
It 's the kind of total submission to a filmmaker that 's usually reserved for edge-of-your-seat thrillers and , in a way , that 's what Mouret has made : an expertly suspenseful romance .
Mouret is the cinematic offspring of Woody Allen and Eric Rohmer . From the former he takes the actor-director presenting himself as neurotic but satisfying lover ; from the latter he absorbs the pleasure of extended talk . Mouret 's talk is enjoyable , but i
The film goes badly awry , I think . There is something coy and miscalculated about it all . Mouret is quite talented as an actor , but maybe it 's time he found another writer .
This is not your average romantic comedy . Shall We Kiss ? simply delights .
It 's a breezy , entertaining little film that ends up being more sophisticated and thoughtful about love than it first appears . Sometimes a kiss is just a kiss , and sometimes it 's a lot more .
-LSB- The -RSB- polite inquiry -LSB- of the title -RSB- pretty well sums up the tone of this featherweight ensemble comedy about French people falling in and out of love .
This is a delicate and naïve piece of French fluff , part love story , part morality tale , part bedroom farce , and all very much in the style of writer-director-actor Emmanuel Mouret , a kind of comatose Woody Allen character .
The addiction of French cinema to stories of love , lust , betrayal and romance continues unabated in the hands of Emmanuel Mouret , playing unassuming characters on screen in his own films , like this one
A kiss , like this deceptively simple love story , is none A kiss , like this deceptively simple love story , is none too simple at all .
You can not talk yourself into passion , nor can you talk yourself out of it . The naive characters in Emmanuel Mouret 's chatty romance try anyway .
Refreshingly , Mouret also shows that marital infidelity is not without serious repercussions .
Shall We Kiss ? ... takes place in an obviously fictional world where everyone is sophisticated and beautiful and lives in great apartments ...
There 's a lot to like about Shall We Kiss ? once it really gets going , which is about one-third of the way into the picture .
Shall We Kiss ? is not without charms , but the crux of the characters ' quandary is about as monochromatic as the clothes they wear .
This quintessentially French bonbon is both sweet and dry , with just enough complexity to confound the fast-food appetite .
Feels like not only a small masterpiece , but like an object lesson for everything that 's wrong with the American romantic comedy .
-LSB- A -RSB- delightful and deeply satisfying French confection .
Impossibly charming and impossibly French , Shall We Kiss ? is a comic romance full of rueful musings about fidelity and true love .
An engaging romantic comedy that 's deeper , smarter and more pessimistic than it appears at first glance , a film with shrewd insight into the mysteries of human attraction .
It 's an ode to the absurdity of attraction .
... an irresistibly blithesome piece of work ...
Having two stories built around the title question is a good way to stretch a slight premise , but the result is simply two slight premises .
Perhaps the film 's biggest weakness is that all the characters are so naive and petty you ca n't really work up much fervour about who sleeps with whom .
Equal parts ridiculous and romantic , Shall We Kiss is an airy French puff pastry of a film , delicate and sweet , if lacking in any heavy nutritional content .
A sensational date movie .
There are two couples in the French Shall We Kiss ? One is appealing , one is annoying , and unfortunately , we spend most of the time with Monsieur and Mademoiselle Blecch .
While it 's hardly novel to see the lives of lovers thrown into disarray by a series of misunderstandings , missed signals and well-intentioned lies , Shall We Kiss ? carries it all off with a rare degree of sophistication and wit .
The film 's very slight -LRB- pick your comparison : bonbon , souffle , sorbet -RRB- but it has a way of lingering a while after you see it .
Faultlessly tasteful but a little stale . Emmanuel Mouret wrote , directed and stars in this whimsical story of temptation and consequences .
It is as if the director had studied the comedies of Eric Rohmer and Woody Allen from top to bottom and come away with all the wrong lessons .
If Rohmer is Mouret 's closest reference , he has also learned much about smart dialogue and screwball couplings from the 1930s comedies of Hollywood vets like Hawks and Lubitsch , and those of his own countryman Sacha Guitry .
Gayet and Cohen generate enough heat in their section to upstage the leads .
Shall We Kiss ? has an Allen-ish feel ; but it also feels like a bad copy .
The whole thing is nonsense , of course , but it is likable enough nonsense for those in the mood for romantic piffle with no strings attached .
Is Shall We Kiss ? without merit ? Not entirely . It has a grace , a languid charm , a pictorial elegance . The plot , when it winds up and unwinds , is ingenious . But are we expected in any sense to find these people realistic ?
-LSB- An -RSB- enticing , weightless divertissement , a distant Gallic cousin to Woody Allen 's talky comedies of romantic fumbling .
The result is that Shall We Kiss ? puts its viewers in a bind worthy of the lovers themselves : should we organize a Socratic symposium on the issues raised by the film , or hurl our popcorn violently at the screen ?
If you have a hankering for a pretty good Woody Allen movie and want to brush up on your French at the same time , Shall We Kiss ? is the ticket .
-LSB- C -RSB- harming and tender and wisely funny ...
A tenderhearted romantic comedy with a great plot twist that does n't shy away from the sharp edge of love .
A delightfully sweet romantic comedy of manners filled with genuine charm , warmth and intelligent humor . It also makes for a very pleasant and satisfying date movie .
Shall We Kiss ? features crisp dialogue and understated humor , played out by an attractive young cast . Audiences bred on Hollywood romances might find the film too chatty and contemplative . To them I say : Get over it , kids !
Shall We Kiss ? is a slight movie , but it 's also a quietly enjoyable one .
A French chick flick designed to keep soap opera fans on the edge of their seats while watching for a couple of guilt-ridden cold fish anguish over whether to share just one kiss . For the sequel , get a room !
The matchmaking games in Emmanuel Mouret 's romantic comedy Shall We Kiss ? may backfire , but nobody is seriously hurt .
A one-joke comedy that is indulged for far too long and , in the end , becomes a pat morality tale .
Shall We Kiss ? gives us storytelling as art . Emmanuel Mouret 's romantic drama is expert , intricate , ineffably droll , ultimately provocative and entirely enchanting .
You can all too easily imagine an unfortunately faithful remake starring Zach Braff and Zooey Deschanel .
Between the pervasive old-world charm and the soundtrack 's light classical music , Shall We Kiss ? feels as pleasant and pointless as an afternoon of antiquing .
An enchanting , erotic , and playful French film about kissing that leaves an indelible impression .
Is a kiss just a kiss or does it bear consequences : That 's the question at the center of the charming if chatty French comedy of manners , which is inspired by Rohmer 's cycle of morality fables .
The French cinema continues to be the source of our most timelessly enchanting romantic entertainment .
Anyone with half a brain is likely to be insulted by the film 's insipid cutesy tone that creates a ridiculous fantasy scenario that has no basis in reality .
Bogs down in the philosophical shallow end and never quite recovers from what 's clearly meant to be a deceptively light tone .
An amusing enough trifle .
A gentle romantic comedy that could have used less chatter , more action .
A clever dissection of romance and friendship that feels nearly like a French Woody Allen film .
A gaggle of upwardly mobile yuppies are buffeted by the stings of love and lust in an utterly charming , smart and very French take on the birds and the bees and the mysteries of coincidence . Dollops of both Woody Allen and Eric Rohmer enrich this romantic
A wry but gentle romantic comedy that is both romantic and comedic without wallowing in the excesses of either .
Emmanuel Mouret continues his winning streak with Shall We Kiss ? another Woody Allen-meets-Eric Rohmer romantic comedy in which the young writer-director again plays the doofus lead .
... does n't break any new ground but it is executed with a deft hand by -LSB- director-writer-actor Emmanuel -RSB- Mouret .
... a romantic comedy that does n't always go where one expects as the repercussion of a kiss is given weighty exploration .






@highlight

Shall We Kiss ? combines just enough romance and laughs to make for a charming French take on Woody Allen comedies .