There 's a remarkably emotional undercurrent through every scene , with tiny details that take the breath away .
A powerful tale of kinship in the face of adversity .
In rooftop conversations , an impressionistic dance sequence that takes place in a parking lot and a devastating conclusion that teeters on the edge of melodrama , Chon finds a tone all of his own .
It 's witty , stylish and ultimately devastating .
A progressive , refreshing take on the unseen stories of the LA riots .
A punchy , freewheeling movie set around the LA riots , shot in black-and-white , with something of Spike Lee 's style .
The spirit of early Spike Lee infuses this patchy but energetic sophomore feature by writer-actor-director Justin Chon .
Has much to say on America 's racial melting pot that feels pertinent .
Stark and incisive , with many moments of levity , Gook offers a rare look at impoverished Americans trying to get on with their lives in impossible circumstances .
The racial discussions happening throughout are far from simplistic or rudimentary , this fearless multidimensionality giving Chon 's script an impressive edge that 's invigorating .
Works best in its slow , steady moments , which allow its characters to breathe and help the film 's sense of time and place flower to life .
-LSB- John -RSB- Chon shows a definite talent for drawing out strong performances from his actors , as well as marshaling expressive imagery that 's enhanced by Roger Suen 's lyrical music score .
Like `` Clerks '' with a conscience .
Justin Chon 's Gook , an admittedly uneven film with a lot on its mind , acts as an ever-present undercurrent to a particular form of racial strife .
The cacophonous result comes a lot closer to recapturing the spirit of Crash than to recapturing the spirit of 1990s independent cinema .
Justin Chon looks at bigotry through the eyes of two Korean brothers in L.A. 's South Central in 1992 . The result is hardass yet hypnotically beautiful .
... it 's as if Gook came out at the exact time we needed it .
Although it 's rough around the edges , the expected low-budget trappings work mostly to the benefit of this gritty and evocative drama .
Poignant , powerful black-and-white drama set amid '92 riots .
Gook is a movie that 's very aware of its history , both good and bad .
Now with Gook , Chon combines his innate talent for building immediately likable and relatable characters with natural chemistry amongst his cast to tell a more socially substantive story .
The film is n't perfect - Mr. Chon 's wild camera motions seem more undisciplined than electric - but it does find an angle on the riots that has n't been seen much onscreen .
Chon 's tale is ... praiseworthy , from its beautiful cinematography -LRB- by Ante Cheng in her feature debut -RRB- to its take on infamous events from a fresh perspective .
It 's a heartfelt passion project that marks Chon as a filmmaker to watch .
Gook is a bite-sized film with giant implications .
Yes , it 's uneven , but viewers who can forgive some of its shortcomings will be rewarded , and look forward to whatever Chon may come up with next .
-LSB- Gook -RSB- slipped on the words , but understood the music .
At Gook 's best , Chon captures , with sharply memorable dialogue , both the essence of his particular characters but also the broad drift of generations .
Chon 's dense , ambitious , and observant film is full of impressive craft and insight .
Raw and compelling from its poetic opening shot to its gut-punch finale , Gook does n't always find the best way to express itself , but it knows what needs to be said .
There 's not much to take away from the movie besides its sound and fury .
Chon directs with style and a humane eye for all parties ; he 's a dynamic young director to keep your eye on .
Justin Chon proves he can deliver cinematic art that impresses on both an aesthetic and thematic level .
Chon 's drama is uneven but bristling with life , and it offers a new perspective on a calamitous moment , one whose 25th anniversary has been commemorated in recent months with a slew of potent documentaries .
-LSB- Justin -RSB- Chon has a vision and a voice and a good story to tell , full of social relevance and fiery emotion . Something this energetic and cared for is hard to criticize all that much .
Chon 's black-and-white indie throwback is cinematic , emotional , and authentic-yet undeniably problematic .
Director , writer and actor Justin Chon remembers the 1992 LA Riots with a rare Korean-American perspective in `` Gook , '' which reveals itself as a poignant picture of race and friendship .
A touching , disheartening and surprising Korean-American `` Do the Right Thing . ''
It fumbles the take on how its characters ' anger fits into the greater landscape of L.A. during the aftermath of the Rodney King beating .
Capitalizes on the chemistry between and eleven-year-old African-American girl and two Asian-American retailers .
We 'll definitely be seeing more from actor/director Chon in the future .
With appropriately fiery performances from the entire ensemble , Gook is irresistible - equal parts harrowing and hilarious , not to mention thoroughly moving throughout .
Nodding to Spike Lee 's Do the Right Thing and Kevin Smith 's Clerks , this sophomore feature exemplifies the grunge and angst-ridden energy of the 90s , with a humorous streak as frank as its racially charged title .
Gook may not come close to the electric greatness of Lee 's 1989 film but , as a gesture in its direction , it 's alive with biting promise .
-LSB- Chon -RSB- 's message is as powerful and heartfelt as his performance .
Chon 's sophomore feature wavers uncertainly in tone , getting a little too cute for comfort in spots , but is otherwise a lively , auspicious breakthrough .
Chon does n't quite have the instincts of a great filmmaker yet , but if ` Gook ' is occasionally amateurish , it also burns with a young artist 's raw intensity .
-LSB- Gook -RSB- has the air of someone working through ideas , but damn if you ca n't see the passion in every single frame of this movie .
Gook rises above message-movie mediocrity , enjoying its characters too much to use them as political mouthpieces .

@highlight

From its confrontational title to its striking cinematography , this raw cinematic gem uncompromisingly proves writer/director/actor Justin Chon is a filmmaker to watch .