While rich with image , the film 's plot seems to be chasing its own tail and the result is more boring than tense .
The result is a film that plays more like a work of art than a horror film or a thriller , which is its biggest strength-and weakness .
-LSB- It -RSB- works just as well for the uninitiated , as many of the directing duo 's stylish editing patterns play with perceptions not just of giallo , but cinema as a whole .
both an immaculately crafted , highly sensual filmgoing experience , and a narrative puzzle whose intricate , interconnecting parts are best reintegrated by multiple visits .
As tiresome as the relentless , indulgent inscrutability and lack of story momentum can be , it says something for the movie 's visceral power that there is n't an urge to quit on it .
I found a few lines and images in the second half intellectually stimulating , but it was n't enough . `` Strange Color '' exploited little but my patience .
A difficult to decipher whodunit guaranteed to have you still scratching your head even after its confounding resolution .
Only appreciable as pure cinematic craftsmanship , and it 's a gorgeous movie , teeming with inventive compositions and wild lighting .
It 's a confrontational fever dream film told from constantly shifting perspectives , and a chilly , dizzying trip into a genre defined by violently conflicting emotions .
The film rarely maintains an image for more than a few seconds . Everything must be rapid , colorful and artsy , but it is an intellectual sham .
Enervatingly synthetic , `` The Strange Color of Your Body 's Tears '' slices and dices the images and tropes of Italian giallo-style slasher films into an inert pile of style .
What `` The Strange Color '' lacks is the heart that separates a good film from a great one .
The filmmakers ' command of the form extends to intentionally dopey performances and a total rejection of plot , all of which gets tiresome .
Torture and S&M fetishists will savor its every knife-plunging , blood-splattering , leather-crinkling moment . Everyone else should stay far , far away .
Cattet and Forzani are more interested in the imagery and textures of giallo than they are in telling a rich , comprehensible story .
I knew I 'd ceased caring , though , when Dan started wielding a sledgehammer in his flat and my only concern was whether that was a supporting wall he was about to knock down .
Deliberately disorienting , this stylish Belgian horror movie will delight fans of Italian giallo as it finds an odd emotional connection even though the surreal plot never quite comes into focus .
Dim the lights and light up the bong .
I was bored to tears -LRB- of a prosaic hue -RRB- .
Gone is any semblance of narrative , replaced by a ramshackle psychodrama that takes a basic premise -LRB- man looking for his missing wife -RRB- and splinters off into multiple giallo-infused threads .
Greatest Freudian Hits . Played maybe a little too loud .
A teeth-grindingly , blood-boilingly infuriating cinematic trial that 's like an art school film project gone horribly awry .
An ultra-sensuous , hypnotic trip through dark desires and the disturbing , delicious lines between pleasure and pain , madness and sanity , dream and reality .
This hyperstylised horror thriller plays like a feature-length advert for a perfume that would smell like tuberose , leather and rotting meat , with top notes of fake blood and old cheese .
Sexual fantasies and the stuff of nightmares come together in this disorientating , provocative and exquisitely crafted journey through 1970s Euro-horror and sexploitation .
If you make it as far as the obvious , disappointing denouement , you might be left asking yourself if the filmmakers ' abstract style is better suited to short films .
A love letter to the giallo genre spelled out in cut-up ransom-note writing - striking , but impossible to read .
A mysterious and disorientating blend of giallo violence , cinematic experimentation and Lynchian psychohorror . Revel in its bonkers beauty .
As if Amer and Orgasm were n't evidence enough , this second feature-length fiction from the Belgian husband-and-wife duo confirms that their style is nothing if not shtick .
It 's a confusing and demanding film , at times exhausting ; so subjective as to defy simple rating .
Cattet and Forzani 's approach is a little too exhausting to be completely enjoyable , but they deserve credit for managing to marshal some sense of narrative resolution by the end , when they might have just left the audience floundering in oblivion .
Style rules over substance here , and what style it is !
Cattet and Forzani are in an exciting but maddening class of filmmakers : they are deft with camerawork and mood but they barrage the viewer with symbols and keys without any space to connect anything .
Formally experimental , headily disorienting and an aesthete 's wet dream , The Strange Colour of Your Body 's Tears is a schizophrenic blend of arthouse and charnelhouse .
... it ultimately does seem as though Cattet and Forzani are actively encouraging the viewer to doze off . -LRB- For the record , despite my best efforts , I did n't . -RRB-
Becomes a little numbing . Until then , however-and breaking points will vary-it feels like the most visually dazzling film of the fest
This blood-spattered pseudo-Freudian nonsense is suitable only for the most avid giallo groupies .
A film as stylish as it is narratively labyrinthine
There is a lot going on , but not a great deal happening .
The fragmented plot , as it were , certainly comes together in the end -- but that does n't make it any less of a mess .
A fantasia of death , sex , panic , confusion , nipples and razors .

@highlight

Bursting with visual style but suffering from a dearth of discernible narrative , The Strange Color of Your Body 's Tears is recommended only for giallo enthusiasts .