Whedon 's humanism and his reverence for horror movies have made for a winning cocktail in television , and now , cinema .
Whatever you think it is , it 's not that . It 's better .
Drew Goddard may have intended his film as a postmodern discourse on fear , free will , and corporate religion , but instead he serves up a ridiculously campy hodgepodge of horror classics and nihilistic violence .
The Cabin in the Woods will get you thinking about what it means to watch a horror movie , but it 's not just a mischievous exercise in post-modern cleverness , it 's also a giddily funny , gulpingly scary , enormously entertaining thrill ride .
Crazy , totally , and deliriously fun .
The target audience is clearly horror geeks with a clear knowledge of the genre and its cliches . But if you are one of those people , then you 'll probably not enjoy a movie more this year .
Certainly one of my favourite films of the year so far and a must-see for anyone wanting to be genuinely shocked by the places a walk in a dark , dark wood can take you .
Drew Goddard , with assistance from his cohort scenarist Joss Whedon , achieves an exemplary fusion of horror , humour and science-fiction while undermining genre conventions and audience expectations alike .
-LSB- Whedon finds -RSB- an inventive way to subvert the genre with a re-twist of the dreaded knife of horror , and a very acute Big Brother eye .
Ranks among one of the most wryly self-aware works of American pop culture entertainment in years .
I think you 'll find that your visit to the genre-bending The Cabin In The Woods will prove to be one of the most unabashedly enjoyable trips in years . I hope you enjoy the ride .
The Cabin in the Woods will undoubtedly be one of the best horror-thrillers you 'll see all year , as well as one of the best films . It will also standout as an all-time horror classic .
The Cabin in the Woods has nothing much in store when it comes to giving you the real jeebies . But then the movie has loads of the guessing games that could leave the same horror fan pretty satisfied .
This sassy , exhilarating monster mash will provide riotous entertainment for all but the faint-hearted .
Director Drew Goddard has made a clever film . He has shown us the elements of classic horror , told us what we miss in today 's films and questioned the need for watching the genre .
This is n't just the funniest slasher movie I 've ever seen . It 's probably the slasher movie to end all others . There 's no point in making another . Seriously , this film says everything there is to say about the genre .
Like most of the Scream movies , The Cabin in the Woods provokes chills of dread even as it hilariously deconstructs the horror movie sub-genre by sub-genre .
Do yourself a favor and go see it . Then , when talking about it with friends who have n't seen it ... shhhhhh .
Clever enough to make you reconsider how you look at horror films . And a ton of fun , too .
The filmmakers are less interested in providing a slow buildup to their frights than in splattering the clichés of the form in funny , spirited ways .
If The Cabin in the Woods were a meal , it would consist of 90 minutes of studying a well-written menu , and then ordering the cream pie , which arrives in your face . Sweet , sweet release .
Horror films are supposed to be scary , but not very smart . The Cabin in the Woods is both . It 's about as clever as you can imagine a film of this type being that is also this wicked and this brutal .
In order to subvert any popular form , entertainment first has to work on its own terms . Goddard and Whedon are too busy geeking out to bother with those requirements .
It sounds like the oldest horror story in the book but from the first scene of The Cabin in the Woods it 's clear that the director , Drew Goddard , and his co-writer , Joss Whedon , are bent on turning the formula upside down .
Let 's just say that if you trust in all things Joss Whedon -LRB- director of the recent Avengers triumph -RRB- , the mere mention of his skilful and inventive co-scripting collaboration with talented Drew Goddard will be recommendation enough .
An amazing , tidy little thriller that , like its Escher-like movie poster , gleefully turns the horror genre upside down .
On paper , The Cabin in the Woods is an exercise in knowing the drill , but Goddard executes it with serious brio and wit .
The setup is intriguing but the balance feels off . Goddard and Whedon overplay the winking postmodernism .
The best thing to do in relation to The Cabin in the Woods is to avoid spoilers and go see it .
A great one-off idea brilliantly executed .
Taking its cue from Michael Haneke 's deeper , crueler Funny Games , The Cabin in the Woods explores why we-sicko viewers-take pleasure in the suffering of others .
One hottie , one cutie , one stoner , one jock and one intellectual go to a remote cabin in the woods . If this sounds like a setup for a joke , well , it kind of is .
An original and audacious horror-comedy that oftentimes works better than it should .
This is a movie that knows it is capitalizing on the clichés and stupidity of its genre , but refuses to bow to the same simple-minded standards to achieve something more
The Cabin in the Woods is crammed with so many twists and turns that the mere thought of reviewing it and ruining the fun for others is scary in and of itself .
I do n't know that this movie exceeded my expectations , but it certainly matched them .
The Cabin in the Woods manages to throw the horror and comedy genres into a blender , and the result is a delicious product that 's ridiculously fun and warrants watching at least once .
The best movie of the year so far .
Would you like your head thoroughly messed with ? Then check straight into The Cabin in the Woods .
The pleasure in The Cabin in the Woods comes from its audacious tuggings-away of the dramatic rug under your feet .
Taking a leaf out of Scream director Wes Craven 's book , Joss Whedon both uses and skewers horror film clichés for this enjoyable tongue-in-cheek slasher .
The Cabin in the Woods is a horror movie about horror movies . Except not really . It 's a horror movie about what horror movies do for us , about why narratives of horror mean something to us .
A fiendishly clever genre Rubik 's Cube that demonstrates , if nothing else , how much Fangoria fare benefits from the wicked wit of a real writer .
Like Scream before it , the film is a simultaneous dissection and celebration of all the tropes to which it pays homage , while also managing to be a superb example of the genre in its own right .
The Cabin in the Woods is a quick-witted , mind-bending fright fest . A truly rare and original horror film .
In a year that 's looking to have a very strong lineup of horror and genre movies , it 's very likely that The Cabin in the Woods will come out the king of the hill .
The result is a film that might be too smart for its own good , a piece of meta-fiction that 's all meta . The Cabin in the Woods is n't trying to scare us as much as it 's trying to enlighten us about being scared , then settles for amusing us about it .
Whedon 's and Goddard 's screenplay reads like both a love letter to horror movies and a good-natured treatise on what 's wrong with them .
One of the best movies of 2012 so far , in any genre .
While this film is not for everyone -- those who like their slasher film cliches without irony should n't bother -- anyone who likes brains to go with their blood are bound to appreciate what Whedon and Goddard have conjured .
Whedon refuses to keep the clichés entirely intact . In keeping with the overall theme , nothing is entirely what it seems , and nobody is entirely who they seem .
By the time the ride is over , director Drew Goddard and co-writers Goddard and Joss Whedon will change course three or four times , nodding and winking but never losing momentum .
The Cabin in the Woods is a fiendishly clever , constantly imaginative horror thriller that keeps springing new surprises on the audience right up until the end credits .
It 's all great fun until the ending , which feels a little too safe , simple and silly to what had otherwise been an enjoyably twisted horror film .
One part horror film , and one part comedy with a hint of self reflection on a genre lacking challenging concepts .
The Cabin in the Woods is both chilling and cackle-inspiring . Most significantly , it 's consistently surprising , and that alone is cause for recommendation in the age of endless reboots and the non-stop barrage of demonic possession movies .
A surprisingly entertaining effort that works because it strikes a smart balance - embracing as well as rejecting viewer expectations and knowledge of the horror genre .
Just take my word on it , this film rocks . If you are disillusioned with the state of modern horror -LRB- and you should be -RRB- this is just the shot in the arm the genre has needed .
The Cabin in the Woods is nothing short of brilliant .
Cabin is perfectly enjoyable without ever quite feeling like there 's anything at stake .
This is a must-buy Blu-Ray . The Cabin in the Woods is an excellent movie , it looks and sounds great , and there are plenty of informative bonus features . Highly recommended .
What I can definitely tell you , without giving away any of its secrets , is that Cabin In The Woods is going to be a pleasant surprise for just about everyone .
Joss Whedon and Drew Goddard have gone all out to revitalize -LSB- the horror genre -RSB- with their brilliant take on an old tale .
The most maniacal monster movie ever created .
An instant classic , endlessly clever and thrilling , and well worth the wait .
Playing on the cliches of the genre , the film avoids being a straight-out spoof by building to a satisfying , over-the-top climax .
The Cabin in the Woods does for horror what Annie Hall did for the romantic comedy .
The Cabin in the Woods is smart , savage fun written by fans for fans .
The movie is one wonderfully , maze-like con game .
A bloody open love letter to the horror genre that 's funny , scary , and thought provoking . One of the best films of 2012 .
Witty , scary and wickedly entertaining , The Cabin in the Woods takes on and savages the biggest monster in the horror genre : caricature .
I personally would n't consider it a game-changer but The Cabin In The Woods kept me on my toes and has many interesting elements .
Unflinching as it is unconventional , this gory composite of multiple genres also might be the first thinking man 's slasher film .
A mind-blowing horror-show cocktail of gods , movie monsters and mythology .
What 's not to like ? Horror fans with a brain will dig the clever script . The gore is there along with a true sense of concern for the victims . If only all horror films could be like `` The Cabin in the Woods . ''
Some fans may not cotton to its over-the-top evisceration and reanimation of genre history , but I found it exhilarating , like one of those special-issue comic-book splash panels in which the artist tries to squeeze in as many superheroes as possible .
A smart , and occasionally daring , homage to horror movies that both satirizes the genre and brings new life to it .
Whedon & Co. obviously have more fun with this genre than most people .
This horror-reality movie is extremely well-crafted . It has some humor to go with all the mayhem and the story keeps you guessing for a while .
The Cabin in the Woods revisits the formula that lets viewers feel superior -LRB- in terms of knowledge -RRB- and also anxious -LRB- because of that knowledge -RRB- .
It 's hard to overlook the transition from smart to smart-assed and the dispensation of credibility for a weightlessly nihilistic punchline .
... dumbass slasher-movie hokum ...
I wo n't be so bold as to declare ` The Cabin in the Woods ' the Best Horror Movie Ever Made , but it is sort of the ultimate expression of the genre . ` Genius ' is a word I 'm toying with .
Veteran writer Joss Whedon and first-time director Drew Goddard deconstruct the horror genre like never before .
Unless you 're a Whedon buff , wait for DVD .
Goddard and Whedon clearly achieve exactly what they set out to do , even if it is just as clearly not in line with the mass audience 's expectations .
All the meticulous buildup leads to a hugely satisfying payoff . Despite all its ironic detachment , it has tons of laughs , some truly jaw-dropping moments , and a couple scenes of unexpected poignancy that make it more than a parody movie .
Not for the nervous , and possibly not for the novice horror aficionado , ` The Cabin in the Woods ' is gory good fun that could easily be spoiled if I go into too much detail ... which I refuse to do .
... enough unemployed characters from Whedon 's failed series Dollhouse to staff every Abercrombie & Fitch in Beverly Hills .
Clever enough stuff until the computer generated monsters run amok .
really just another instalment in the live-action Scooby-Doo franchise
A fun puzzle movie .
An absolute delight ; though I will not vouch for the delight apt to be received by those not well-versed in the genre it so playfully references and mocks .
The Cabin in the Woods is the closest anyone 's ever likely to get to a lighthearted stoner version of Michael Haneke 's Funny Games .
Quirky and fun but not as great as it thinks it is .
It subverts all the horror clichés while forging them anew to create an experience at once smartly ironic and terrifyingly immediate .
like a senior thesis about the modern horror genre masquerading as a movie
This may be the most creative American horror film in decades .
Cabin in the Wood has a lot of fun with the conventions of straight-ahead schlock .
Keep your brain working while you watch this movie .
The first movie in a genre often known for its meathead simplicity , that 's nearly undone by the scale of its ambition .
What follows is what could be described as a clever and wildly fun deconstruction and reassembly of the standard Hollywood horror flick .
It 's a horror movie about horror movies ; it destroys horror movies , too .
Toes the line between parody and deconstruction , but it transcends its subject matter rather than just subverting or co-opting it .
Utterly novel and audacious , The Cabin in the Woods completely rewrites the scary movie as we know it . Intelligent , imaginative and too much fun , it redefines and sets a new standard for the horror movies that will come after it .
Meta musings leave this reviewer cold
A smart and fun horror film
Highly recommended for fright fans interested in a more cerebral brand of bloodletting .
What do you do when a genre has completely played itself out ? You reinvent it one last time and let all hell break loose .
Do you remember what it was like to have fun -LSB- with -RSB- horror movies ? I do ... and so does the film .
It aims to play fast and loose with the splatter formula .
A forceful , funny , frightening and ingenious horror flick .
In the end , is `` Cabin '' much more than Whedon and Goddard flexing muscles in mental masturbation ? Not really . But watching them pull it off is worth a couple of tickets to their gun show . After all , as one character says , it is cooler with a Merman .
The tract Goddard and Whedon use allows characters to expand and explore more realistically , making the viewer care far what is going on and what is happening then they would have otherwise .
Equal parts `` Hatchet '' and `` Hunger Games , '' `` The Cabin in the Woods '' is a successful mix of horror and science fiction .
This movie borrows elements from several genres , throws the concoction into a blender and what comes out is a dish that is edible , but too soggy to enjoy . Too hipster and meta for its own good .
The Cabin in the Woods cooks up angles from every possible cliche horror film , pops them into the oven , peppers to taste and - presto - an original recipe .
To reveal anything more about this film would be criminal .
This is a movie that 's worth seeing ... for the clever story , for the hype . And the less you say about it to your friends , the better ... just convince them to go with you .
The most daring , original , and innovative horror movie I 've seen in more than a decade .
While I feel the movie cuts to the chase a little too soon , possibly due to budget constraints , it 's one heck of an entertaining ride .
And you thought you were just headed for a weekend getaway .
A horror movie embedded in a conspiracy flick embedded in another horror movie-the most inventive cabin-in-the-woods picture since The Evil Dead and the canniest genre deconstruction since Scream .
This movie might look like a scream-fest from the outside , but what you get on the inside is a very clever and extremely funny pseudo-scarer .
Most horror movies adhere to genre conventions , subvert them or spoof them . Producer Joss Whedon and director Drew Goddard , who wrote the screenplay together , do all three at top speed .
The climactic one-two punch of special-effects chaos and meta-movie chin stroking should have the fanboys trembling with delight .
It does n't always work and it 's rarely scary , but damn if it is n't entertaining as hell ... But Goddard and Whedon are striving for something more than just spectacle for spectacle 's sake , and that 's where they stumble .
For the first two acts , it works better when it is going for laughs rather than scares , but by the time the climactic battle comes around all bets are off as the film turns into a Willy Wonka funhouse of homage and carnage that is most satisfying .
But it 's not so much the `` why '' as it is the `` how , '' and I personally found the payoff quite satisfying .
Everybody likes to be in on an inside joke , but so many horror films have hopped onto the bandwagon of self-awareness that the joke itself may be getting tired . If anyone could reinvigorate the concept , it 's Joss Whedon and Drew Goddard ...
The film deserves credit for trying something original and having the courage to follow through on its vision .
It 's pretty clear from The Cabin in the Woods that co-writers Joss Whedon and Drew Goddard love horror movies almost as much as they are annoyed by them .
Funny , smart and blood-soaked use of an old horror trope . Fans will spend much time freeze-framing the eventual video release to catch all the details .
This long-awaited horror movie is smart and fun , packing unexpected surprises while cleverly recalibrating genre expectations .
`` The Cabin in the Woods '' gets at the story underneath the story , and the reason behind the clichés .
A genre-bending concoction of horror , action and comedy -- a big ball of Evil Dead , Scream , Matrix , The Hunger Games , Scooby Doo , Zombieland , and a lot of season 4 of Buffy .
This movie has its tongue so firmly in its cheek , it 's poking through and making a really nasty hole .
Analyzing Cabin in the Woods after the fact is in some ways more satisfying than actually watching the movie itself .
The less you know , the more you 'll enjoy it , and we 're not going to spoil it for you . That 's what the Internet 's for .
Dare I suggest that -LSB- this film -RSB- is better at exploring questions about our voyeuristic culture ... than The Hunger Games ? Yes , I think so .
It 's funny and witty at times , and it has some decent jolts here and there . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
The wonderfully inventive meta-story leads to a riotous conclusion that trashes the rules of the teen fright flick .
It leaves you with a big , dumb grin and a real sense of surprise -- not that these guys cooked up a picture this ingenious , but that they actually got away with making it .
It 's fun and gives this genre a new twist .
Go .
This movie gives me faith that Hollywood is actually willing to do something outside the box in the name of entertainment .
The expected happens , but with a twist .
This Cabin may not be the Parthenon , but it 's definitely a place to worship the gods of horror .
The script is inspired , the direction is sprightly , and the third act does not falter . And everything you need to know is in the title . Well , almost everything .
If it 's true that you always kill the thing you love , then horror honchos Joss Whedon and Drew Goddard have taken an ax to slasher cinema in The Cabin in the Woods and chopped it up for kindling .
The Cabin in the Woods stays strictly within the preset motion picture mandates . If two years on the shelf results in something this fun and refreshing , then all movies should be left to age . This one has matured magnificently .
May be the strangest , yet , oddly compelling movie you will ever see in your life .
The Cabin In The Woods has some big laughs and lashings of gore ...
Everything about `` The Cabin in the Woods '' is a delicious practical joke ...
For all of its many intellectual pleasures , and smart commentary , Cabin in the Woods is a visceral roller coaster of a movie at heart . And like the best thrill rides , when it 's over , you just want to get back on and go again .
Cabin is a meta-horror-comedy mash-up that , at least for two-thirds of its running time , holds together smartly .
The less you know about this movie going in , the more fun you 're going to have .
Movies that mean to deconstruct movies seem to be made solely by and for cinema vampires , those ghost-faced geeks whose pallor is rarely challenged by exposure to the sun .
A pulpy , deceivingly insightful send-up of horror movies that elicits just as many knowing chuckles as horrified gasps .
If you like nutty energy , wacky ideas , crisp dialogue and scary , bloody , gory , grotesque and twisted movies - man , are you going to have a blast this weekend .
A twisty puzzle , as promised by the Rubic 's Cube cabin on the film 's poster , this blood feast has gore galore to satiate your thirst .
It looks as if the film has an ambition to do for horror cinema what the Book of Revelations did for Christianity .
Whedon slays again with a triple onslaught of horror , humor & sci-fi . Forget about staying away from the cabin ; rather , stay away from all the spoilers . Just go and see for yourself .
A next-generation Scream , a self-referential horror film that tongue-in-cheekily deconstructs its own genre .
The film manages not only to present the genre with knowing winks and give it a few necessary nudges but also treats it with undeniable respect .
The end result is an admittedly uneven piece of work that does seem as though it 'd benefit from repeat viewings ...
A motion picture about the endurance of horror as a historical watermark , where it has been , and where it might be able to go from here , it 's no less than an all-encompassing celebration of a too often spit-upon genre .
A deliciously dark horror-thriller that brims with twists , turns and sneaky secrets and manages to spin the horror genre on its head to really deliver some smart chills .
I have n't enjoyed a film as much since The Artist , and this is easily the most fun I 've ever had watching a slasher movie .
Whedon and Goddard -LRB- who penned horror film Cloverfield and here directs his first feature -RRB- have clearly had enough of the old clichés . But out of their dissatisfaction they have created a cool , crazy movie .
You need n't be a fanboy to enjoy the moment when the ride really takes off and the spectacle flowers . A scary imagination will do just fine .
Quite a bit of it is great , and most of it works , and the stuff that clicks is outrageously entertaining and funny , sometimes with surprising depth .
Though there are plot holes in the elaborately concocted scenarios , The Cabin in the Woods gets points for the twists and turns that come along with its sly wickedness .
The filmmakers have a real love for the horror genre and its tropes and archetypes , and while much of what goes on here will have special resonance for fellow buffs , you do n't have to be a scholar of spooky movies to appreciate how the story 's being told .
It has so much else going on with it that even those not already predisposed to the horror genre will find it a blast as well .
As a take-off on genre convention it 's amusing , even if as a horror movie it proves rather mild .
You can expect twists , laughs and freshness .
All the actors do a decent job with whatever is thrown at them -- usually sharp objects .
Set to emerge as the year 's best horror movie .
Zest counts for a lot , and resonance carries the day .
There is a scholarly , nerdy , completist sensibility at work here that is impressive until it becomes exhausting .
It 's a smart , nasty picture , reinvigorating stale screenwriting ingredients -- a delirious valentine to slasher archetypes and monster mayhem .
To say that TheCabin in the Woods is n't your average horror movie is like observing that King Kong is n't your average ape .
Let 's just say that if you like smartly twisted spins on worn-out horror cliches and if you have a strong stomach for flying body parts , put down the newspaper/laptop and go - we 'll talk later .
... fun and meta-aware , but hardly original - it 's like the Scooby Doo group entered an Evil Dead/Chainsaw mashup via The Truman Show , and `` Scream '' already ran with the concept .
You may think you 've seen this before , but you have n't seen it quite like this .
The movie is smart , funny , unpredictable , deeply weird , and thoughtfully cast ...
Mind blown , hair on fire . Seeing `` The Cabin in the Woods '' set a new personal benchmark for fiendishly creative takes on genre entertainment .
I thoroughly enjoyed this movie 's gory silliness , but I have the feeling it may be overpraised for infusing a modicum of wit into a genre that usually demonstrates so little .
Not all of the twists work , but most are self-knowing enough to keep you guessing until its -LRB- literally -RRB- groundbreaking conclusion .
A remarkable and genuinely captivating original .
Whedon and Goddard bake their cake and eat it too .
`` Cabin '' is so bent on switcherooing the heck out of us that it ends up resembling a TV soap such as `` Glee '' ...
The only comedy-horror that ever worked was An American Werewolf in London - and it worked because it was about character .
A horror movie that 's clever and surprising ? That 's entertainment . Kudos to Drew Goddard and Joss Whedon .
It 's outrageous but also great fun .
A supremely creative and original horror/comedy that goes in some genuinely shocking directions .
The Cabin in the Woods is a shrewd , ingenious look at the programmatic elements of the genre , a satire that is also a lenient celebration , and it could wind up being a set text in any MA course in horror .
Clever meta-horror , with plenty of hyuks to match the yuks .
Wry nods to The Evil Dead , Ringu , Hellraiser and A Tale Of Two Sisters , among many others , will delight fanatics .
One of those rare films that 's just pulsing with energy on so many levels - as genre-loving comedy , as straight-up horror , and as something you 've simply never seen before . The Cabin in the Woods is a great film .
You should expect the unexpected and that 's what we get as a traditional horror movie set up gives way to some droll , increasingly bonkers post-modern nonsense ...
This film plays with our expectations of what a horror movie is and tries to upend them , and for the most part succeeds .
Fans of Whedon are fond of repeating the mantra `` In Joss we trust '' - and with good reason .
Close to geek paradise ... the movie may be funnier than it is scary , but for the right crowd , this collection of nightmares will feel like the best dream ever .
The script for this horror romp is almost too inventive , cleverly combining clashing genres and playing hilariously with a range of cliches while thoroughly grossing out the audience .
The movie , heavily hyped by fanboys and long-delayed , is n't scary . By the third act , Whedon has written himself and his characters into a corner too silly to gracefully get out of without cheating .
Where Scream put a postmodern twist on slasher films , The Cabin In The Woods takes on the whole genre and twists even harder .
This is not a perfect movie ; it 's so ragged , it 's practically constructed of loose ends . But it 's exciting because it ventures so far off the map .
It 's not until the last third that the movie shakes off the obligatory plot points and goes somewhere truly creative and interesting .
... a film of such frothy geekery that watching it is like having a comic-book store dropped on your head .
Cabin goes beyond the parody of the Scream franchise into darker , richer territory .
A post-Scream scream , this genre puzzle rearranges the pieces to create quite the hoot .
If you think you know where this movie is going , then you have no idea what you 're in for -- and that 's the beauty of it .
The movie invigorates the genre , which is a rare and welcome thing .
Cabin is really , really fun . But here 's my minor quibble : All the fun gets in the way of the scares .
A much-needed smack upside the head to anyone expecting a typical slasher flick , and a must-see for anyone who 's ever wanted to smack any horror character for ever suggesting that everyone should split up .
Even when all hell breaks loose , that hell is cushioned by air quotes , with the audience buckled up for benign , heady fun .
A very entertaining , very intelligent dissection of horror movie cliches .
I 've always wondered how people in horror flicks make such terminally stupid decisions ... and where the old coot predicting doom gets his information . This movie answers , in a freaky-gory manner so far off-the-wall that it could be a coffee table .
`` The Cabin in the Woods '' is a fantastic poke in the eye of our horror-movie expectations .
Not so much scary as it is a fun and twisted carnival of modern horror .
a genre film that offers a considerable amount of horror and a lot of fun , especially as the leading characters seem to be variations on the old Scooby-Doo team .
From the moment the title card hits the screen , you 're guaranteed to be entertained as consistently as you are surprised .
Enjoyable , blackly comic horror with strong performances , a decent balance of gore and gags and a script that 's both witty and inventive ...
Anyone who presumes to love horror movies needs to see The Cabin in the Woods .
A terrifying horror film , a cackle-worthy satire and a thought-provoking dissection of the genre .
It works thrillingly for audiences , especially the pointy-headed kind who have been trained to predict the outcomes of every week 's slasher .
An entire row of what they call `` fanboys '' at the screening I attended laughed all the way through the movie , although I failed to see anything remotely amusing .
It 's ... remarkable to see a mainstream movie touch on so many fascinating , powerful ideas without losing sight of its prime directive : to scare the socks off its audience .
As Goddard and Whedon jump back and forth , the pieces snap into place ; then just when you think you 've got it all figured out , they throw something else at you .
More than anything else , Cabin feels like the endgame of so-called fanboy culture in the way in which it is first and foremost about itself , interested only in a fundamental adherence to rules of its own devising and fenced off from the world at large .
A dazzling blend of scary movie clichés and self-referential callouts subverted by a mind-warping twist that the writers roll out slowly from the beginning rather than saving for a conventional 11th-hour gotcha !
What the movie finally is , then , is a diversion : a reasonably smart and exceptionally well-constructed one . And nothing more .
Amusing , ingenious and unexpected , revealing what may really be lurking in the darkness .
Goddard and Whedon strike the perfect balance between messing around with the used and abused and the undeniably original , making the film a good time you 've never had before .
Absolutely genius movie . Totally brilliant ... I do n't know how anyone can possibly make a horror movie again . Cabin renders all past and future examples of the genre superfluous ...
Look for it to thrill you , scare you and tickle you - all at the very same time . It 's a wild ride - hop aboard before someone spoils it for you .
A fantastically-crafted debut by Goddard with so many moving parts , one would expect a far more experienced director would be necessary to pull it off .
A super-entertaining , super-slick love/hate letter to horror with a final 20 minutes that 's stunningly bonkers .
Is it scary ? Not especially . But there are enough gory surprises around every bend to keep you laughing/screaming/cringing .
It 's fair to say this is n't just a horror , but one of those winking , meta-exercises in formula apparently written by a very sarcastic fanboy .
For horror hounds who love a larf , and those of us who always wondered exactly what that dry-ice stuff that rises out of the forest-floor moss is .
Spectacle for spectacle 's sake , but infiltrated by intelligent commentary and an atmosphere of generosity and inclusion .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Before you waste your time and money on this cinematic mongrel , check out `` Mindhunters . '' It 's not a perfect slasher picture either , but it 's a damn sight better than `` The Cabin in the Woods . ''
Clever and inventive , the film delivers to the hard core horror fans as well as to moveigoers seeking wild fun .
This is the most fun I have ever had watching a horror film .
An entertaining and wholly original genre hybrid film that has more than a few tricks up its sleeves .
The Cabin in the Woods is continually smart , funny and surprising , reflecting horror films back at themselves in new and exciting ways .
Cabin in the Woods is witty , scary and incredibly inventive . This is a must-see genre bending horror movie - miss it at your peril .
The Cabin In the Woods takes a stereotypical horror film set-up and does extraordinary things with it .
the audience will have so much fun that they 'll leave the theater on a high rather than recognize that everything they like about horror has either been destroyed , or Goddard and Whedon think that it should be .
The idea is to set up a movie we 've seen a hundred times before , and then to rearrange it into something new and deliriously satisfying .
Detention , which will come out this year . . goes to the next level on meta movies . But Cabin is n't trying to be meta ; it 's focused on genre . Those are different types of satire so I can appreciate Cabin taking genre further than ever .
You 'll feel like horror is revitalized , like its importance is more obvious than ever . That might be Cabin 's greatest achievement , reminding us why we love and need this genre .
Drew Goddard 's giddily brilliant The Cabin in the Woods has a lot on its twisted mind .
Though it has the potential for real greatness it settles for ultimate audience satisfaction , which is pretty close to greatness anyway .
A massively entertaining , awesomely inventive twist on the traditional ` teenage kids go to a spooky house in the woods ' genre that falters in the final reel , when things get too bizarrely excessive .
Horror cinema subversiveness need not preclude actual horror , a fact that 's unfortunately lost on The Cabin in the Woods .
The finest horror comedy in years , The Cabin in the Woods is a potent , hilarious apology for decades of generic horror fare .
Not since Scream has a horror movie subverted the expectations that accompany the genre to such wicked effect as The Cabin in the Woods .
Intelligent , witty and cine-literate in a charmingly self-referential way , The Cabin in the Woods sets out to do something different and does it with bravado .
Whedon and Goddard are n't just having a fun little go at tired horror movie conventions -- they 're trying to nuke the entire genre .
The strength of ` Cabin ' comes in the playful nature of the screenplay . Goddard and Whedon play everything tongue and cheek in a completely meta atmosphere .
` Cabin In The Woods ' is not just a great horror film , but also a thesis on why we need horror films and what role they serve in our diet .

@highlight

The Cabin in the Woods is an astonishing meta-feat , capable of being funny , strange , and scary -- frequently all at the same time .