-LSB- Zootopia 's -RSB- comparisons to Sing would not be so harmful if this animal music contest had more to offer ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Why ca n't monkey 's and penguins in this world have higher aspirations ?
It spends way too much time on the antics of Buster and his slacker sidekick in a plotline that kids wo n't get and parents wo n't enjoy .
If this were live-action , I think it would be a yawner . Even Glee had more plotting . But the animation sells it and makes it entertaining for all ages , despite the tired premise .
It never leans on the concept of singing animals too much , allowing for some character-driven scenes that make us actually care about these animals , why they are in the contest , and most importantly , their aspirations and dreams
Most animated movies try to deliver a message and end up sounding preachy . Sing too , has one -- once you hit rock bottom , there 's nowhere else to go but up . The sheer heart with which its characters live and convey the sentiment , is incredible .
SING is a wasted opportunity to really dig down deep to explore a world we 'd dream of living in . Worse , it fails to put a song in our hearts .
It 's over-long and flags when we need it to build to a climax but it 's also colourful , funny and tuneful , and sometimes that 's good enough .
Puts six massively trite subplots into a blender ... and mashes them into a uniform paste that can be spackled across 108 unreasonably long minutes .
The plot is fairly straightforward and there is nothing out of the ordinary . The animation is well-executed and there are plenty of jokes . This will be a crowd-pleaser for the holiday period .
Sing is a lively , crowd pleaser suitable for children and the adults who will want to accompany them .
While not especially deep , the combination of a star-studded cast and an equally star-studded music catalogue make for a fun time .
Sing is formulaic , amusing at places but will be forgotten as soon as you step out . And unless you are writing a review , I do n't see why you should remember it anyway .
Sing is a hugely enjoyable experience and surely there 's no harm in losing yourself for a time in all the music and glittering lights .
-LSB- Sing is -RSB- taking the delightful animal world of Zootopia , stripping it of its complex moral teachings , and chucking in a whole lot of absolute pop bangers to boot .
For those who will only watch animations of the highest calibre , Sing probably is n't for you ; if you 're easy going and fancy a nice , entertaining film , I would say have at it .
With the exception of Buster Moon 's best friend , a sheep named Eddie and his once-famous theater star grandmother , Nana , every other character in this grand charade is a stereotype , and in the worst way possible .
While 's it 's true that some -LRB- if not most -RRB- of the stories are hopelessly contrived , they 're played out so well that you 'll be having too much of a good time to care .
Whether old or young , a fan of pop or not , Sing is an up-beat spectacle that pushes the triumph of teamwork and the importance of trust , and is undeniably a pleasure to behold .
This joyous , toe tapping and charming tale hits all the right notes to make for a smile on your face infectious tapestry of song , colour and feelgood vibes .
While no masterpiece , Sing is a good deal of fun : Matthew McConaughey heads up a fine voice cast , and some of the singing is wonderful .
It 's got classic songs -LRB- Elton John , Stevie Wonder , Taylor Swift -RRB- , singing animals and good jokes . What more could you want ?
Sing is by no means the first animation to incorporate the talent-show format into its narrative , but it 's certainly the most successful .
Any film that begins with a rendition of Golden Slumbers by the Beatles is off to a good start .
It helps that unlike the TV talent shows that inspired it , Sing hangs on to the popular , gifted contestants instead of sticking with the hot , marketable ones .
A modest family feature that offers more than empty flash .
It 's good fun .
It 's got all the personality of an X-Factor finale .
The quality of the animation in this musical comedy may not be up to Pixar standards , but the story and characters are thoroughly endearing .
Its upbeat mood and ample laughter lend this appeal across the generations , but when it sings , it really soars .
Big-hearted fun for all ages .
Sing is a thoroughly enjoyable animated movie that uses its concept to far greater effect than Illumination Entertainment 's The Secret Life Of Pets did last year , as it zips along with giddy energy and crowd pleasing warmth throughout .
Perfectly likable stuff of the sort that 's harder to create than critics realise . But nothing all that memorable .
It feels passionless and market-tested ; an unconvincing cover version of fun .
It 's cheery , toe tapping fare that kids are bound to enjoy and that has enough nostalgia and in-jokes to keep the adults happy enough too .
Whatever I say in this review , know that my son - easily closer in age to the target demographic than I - rates it 10 out of 10 choo-choo trains or whatever
Although not terribly original , it is sweet and fun .
Entertaining but ultimately disposable .
If you 're a fan of singing shows and are fond of cartoon animals , you are unlikely to be disappointed .
Although it 's like being assaulted by a jumping jukebox for two hours , Garth Jennings ' first animated movie has enough bounce and brio to carry the day . Immensely likeable .
-LSB- Further in -RSB- scope than the film 's various promotional material suggests .
A fun from the start of the first note of a song to the last . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An energetic and optimistic film with good music , good design , and a simple and nice story all the way to the end . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The new production of the creators of Minions and Despicable me is a nice animated karaoke . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The new stuff is dull and forgettable , while the oldies are dismissed after a few bars before we can even start tapping our feet , as if writer-director Garth Jennings ca n't wait to get on to the next pointless scene . And at 108 minutes , it 's far too long .
Fun but not especially original , though it 's refreshing to see an animated movie with one writer/director -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
With a singing voice cast like this ... a sure-thing before the animation even started ... a few stereotypes and too much pig skin - that 's not a football reference .
All the way through , Sing is a lively , life-affirming and uplifting experience to watch . And the sheer delirious joyousness of the final act is tear-inducing .
the film has a tonal imbalance that makes you feel like you 're constantly see-sawing , with one moment pandering to tykes and the next pandering to their parents
Sing mostly just checks the boxes , and maybe does enough to be an okay film .
Of appeal to viewers of all ages , Sing is an apt way for fun-loving families to usher in the New Year .
Despite having a star-filled cast and adorable animals I spent a great deal of the movie reminiscing about how much I enjoyed the animal world of Zootopia more .
This is a fun movie . More , it is also one that has its heart stuck effortlessly in the right place .
The film has lots of movement , lots of noise and , just to be sure , a big scene in which the theater is destroyed by floodwaters . Who could ask for more ? Sing is great fun .
Sing lacks discernible personality , but it 's light and colourful , has a few jokes and a plethora of singing and dancing animals . You 'll forget it soon after you leave the cinema , but it passes the time just fine .
A little slow at the start but overall fresh , funny and full of good music .
Sing is not a total bust . It 's just not as electrifying or as exciting as it perhaps could have been .
All this star power and musical talent in the voice cast is great . It should have gone for more .
Buy the kids the soundtrack , skip the cynical movie
From the first few minutes of the movie , it 's clear exactly how it will end . There is not one moment of surprise . A few kids with costumes and a stage could dream up something much more fun .
... an impressive technical achievement that features some amusing snippets , but despite a feisty underdog spirit , it becomes overloaded with quirks and hyperactivity .
Everyone has a lesson to learn or an obstacle to overcome , but Jennings keeps the tone high-spirited rather than snarky or preachy .
An animated jukebox from Illumination Entertainment that follows the recipe from previous films : flashy animation and scatchy songs . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The big problem of this film is having to compete with ` Kubo and the two strings ' , ` Zootopia ' and ` Moana ' . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Anybody who does n't find Sing a wall-to-wall delight should check for a pulse ... a gloriously nutty , breathlessly paced , funny , uplifting musical that takes hold of you in the first few minutes and does n't let go .
It 's a tricky job trying to balance up the many storylines but writer-director Garth Jennings has done a good job .
A lively animated effort .
Clever , Funny , Adorable , Perfect for the entire family
You 'll want to `` Sing '' while you 're leaving the theater .
The most intelligent and adult movie of Illumination Entertainment , that will entertain both children and adults . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An average film in its designs and lazy in the gestural expressiveness of its characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film full of sweetness , hope and motivation and a positive message that will make you leave the theater with a festive rhythm . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The result is both manic and dull , filled with unnecessary jailbreaks and business meetings alike .
The last 30 minutes warms the heart as well as bringing the house down .
Sing has the same kind of generic ` be yourself ' message that so many children 's movies do , but is supported by excellent vocal performances and a likeable soundtrack .
The wise and all-around wonderful Sing is enchanting on every level .
There 's a legion of familiar voices featured in Sing , but they are n't used that judiciously . It 's hard to appreciate an all-star voice cast when the material does n't give them much to do .
While little kids might eat up the sights and sounds of various animals belting out familiar songs , older kids and adults might not be quite as enamored . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Crude Humor , etc. - also Available -RRB-
After conquering the box office with yellow minions and pets with secret lives , Illumination Entertainment returns with its sweetest and most charming project yet .
A warm and well-intentioned story about teamwork and confrontation of fears , where the musical notes continuously release the soul of the characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A functional film with a message of fighting to achieve your dreams . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Directors Garth Jennings and Christophe Lourdelet have fashioned a pretty sweet movie , despite dousing it with overkill .
If Sing is too close to a formula designed to please everyone , this is one of the best manifestations of that formula . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
` Sing ! ' is far from being the best animated film of the year , but it does manage to achieve a very good level . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
` Sing ' will start toes tapping from the get-go in a family-filled romp about an entertainment-oriented koala who runs a singing competition . It 's simply terrific , animated fun .
The auditions are hilarious -- we know how important song choice is in these competitions , and they 've been cleverly matched to a wide range of wannabe animals .
Every time Sing threatens to blaze an original trail , we 're confronted by another demo-pleasing cover song .
The concept of the movie is so baffling that it seems to have been cobbled together , madlibs-style , from pieces of other projects .
The movie does n't come close to the humor and heart of -LSB- Illumination 's -RSB- summer hit , The Secret Life of Pets .
Is n't anything special , checking off a to-do list of animated antics with a large cast of characters , with performance sequences breaking up a slow slide into banality .
Sing is undeniably fun . The screening I attended even quite literally had children dancing in the aisles .
Sing lacks the emotional impact or storytelling power of the two other animated offerings out now , Moana and Trolls . But as intended , kids will like the singing animals and the music .
Sing comes at a time where animal movies are making a killing at the box office . From Madagascar to Ice Age to Finding Dory , people love to hear animals talk . But now they sing !
Kids will like the animals and the mayhem and wo n't mind the predictable plot . Adults should appreciate the entertaining musical pairings .
Like many musicals from time immemorial , `` Sing '' slouches along when characters speak and shoots heavenward when they burst into a tune .
As with the year 's best animation , Zootopia and Kubo and the Two Strings , it 's a movie that adults can go to without any kids and enjoy it on their own .
Sing does n't have the grit or the grace notes of Zootopia . . No potent metaphors here about predators and victims - the film slides by simply by shaking its sillies out . You could do worse .
Sing is a narratively slight , but energetic animated musical romp that succeeds in staying light on its toes throughout its running time .
Joining the superb La La Land and the consistently strong Moana as yet another movie musical offering for the holidays is this lightweight , yet lively animated diversion .
More enjoyable than Finding Dory , more clever than the overrated Zootopia , and more memorable than Moana , Sing is a real holiday treat .
As harmless family fun , the melodic ` Sing ' stays mostly on-key .
The animated Sing reminds audiences of the first few seasons of American Idol , before it went down the road of showcasing obviously bad singers in the first rounds and then letting the judges hack away at them .
The plot may be shopworn , with not much aimed at adults , but the film 's message that collaboration can reap greater rewards than competition is appropriate for all ages .
Sing is pleasant enough ... but scrutinize it , and you 'll find that it 's neither very musically accomplished nor very funny . The tone is bright and colorful but still evinces a kind of joyless duty ... -LSB- 3D Blu-ray -RSB-
Where the best animated features blend story , craft and wit in a way that appeals to the parents and the kids , Sing lags a step or two behind .
the old-fashioned feel good story by Garth Jennings makes `` Sing '' a likable addition to this year 's animated features . I give it a B .
The animated movie Sing runs the entertainment spectrum from A to Z -- in that it melds the worst elements of American Idol and Zootopia into a lifeless jukebox musical .
Writer/director Garth Jennings and co-director Christophe Lourdelet bring warmth and humour to the mix , and know well enough that when the big numbers kick in , the best thing to do is just let the music take over .
Sing is n't about much , and there are zero surprises , outside of just how many songs can be sandwiched into one movie .
Some animated features have staying power as parents can confirm from the number of times their kids want to revisit the movies at home . This slick production , directed by Garth Jennings , is more like fast food-easily digested and just as easily forgotten
` Sing ' shows Illumination Entertainment is happy to whistle a familiar tune all the way to the bank .
It jumps around from song to song , and from plot point to plot point , unable to trust in the attention spans of modern children , or even just modern human beings .
The songs are rudimentary , the animation does n't sparkle , the story does n't inspire .
It 's fine family fun , complete with a catchy soundtrack and lovable animal characters .
The animation itself might not be the most inventive out there -LRB- this is n't Pixar -RRB- , but where Sing soars is in its one-by-one attention to its ensemble of beasts and its obvious passion for music
The loose plot ... does n't matter , except that the resulting conflicts feel more like a burden than a benefit .
As hollow as Justin Timberlake lyrics .
A genuine crowd-pleaser , with sparkling characters , feel-good tunes and a big-hearted spirit .
If only real life could so easily be realigned , by a singing pig .
Remarkably ordinary in concept and execution , `` Sing '' is the sort of syrupy animated musical that will appeal to few viewers other than young talent-show fans and their doting parents .
What 's best about the film is simple - seeing a wild assortment of animal characters sing an even wilder assortment of songs . It works every time . The story around it , though , keeps getting derailed .
May not hit the highest note among recent animated movies , but it 's an ... amiable , fast-moving jukebox musical with a playlist adults will enjoy and enough cheerily colorful critter shenanigans to keep the kids happy .
It 's hard to beat a good singing contest . And anchoring it all is McConaughey 's pleasing drawl . His koala is a nice balance , neither too sweet nor too nasty , neither too corny nor too cynical .
Entertainment whose pace and sound , while dizzyingly brisk at points , still accommodates characters and a setting that are terrifically rich ...
The rousing and touching moments line up in orderly fashion , like planes on the runway during the holiday rush .
Sure , this is still a children 's film , but one with clarity in its intentions .
`` Sing '' is like a medley of pop hits . You get a bunch of quick samples but long for the full song .
The aggregate effect is like aesthetic insulin shock , albeit from an artificial sweetener .
To paraphrase George Orwell , if you want a picture of the future of Hollywood animated movies , imagine a cartoon pig belting out a Taylor Swift song -- forever .
in a year in which major animated features impart themes far more sophisticated than the tired `` follow your dreams '' bromide , `` Sing '' constitutes a mere pretty ditty executed at presto tempo .
Most of Sing 's creative energy was invested in the musical numbers and , fortunately , that 's where it shines . But the film really ca n't go toe-to-toe with heavyweights Zootopia , Moana , Dory or even the little-seen but superior Kubo .
It 's not terrible - truly , there are too many good people involved here for that to be the case . It 's just not what it could have been .
The rare jukebox musical that finds a way to make sense of switching tracks at a rapid pace , without letting any story beats get lost in the shuffle .
Musical has great songs , slapstick laughs , mixed messages .
The plucky and hummable flick finds its own voice , so to speak .
At best , `` Sing '' is a family-pleasing paean to the pageantry of performance . But it gets stage fright when it comes to singing its own tune . You 'll wish it could simply sit still a little longer on such joyous moments of song - more Baz and less spaz .
Who does n't love a flamboyant , spandex-wearing swine with a Swedish accent who adores Lady Gaga ? And there 's a black sheep who is literally a black sheep .
In a year full of talking-animal hits , Sing is n't quite as strong a number . It 's a tale that might not be particularly thought-provoking but sure is toe-tapping .
This cast had the ability to create something special ; unfortunately , the wrong people were in charge .
Its makers know all too well how to fully exploit the power of a catchy pop song .
A movie that intelligently seeks pure and hard entertainment without any complex . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I ceased smiling like a big dummy only during the two points in the film which had been engineered to make me cry , at which point , voilà , tears .
an old-school backstage musical that celebrates the magic of putting on a show .
The sum total is no more filling than the popcorn you 'll overpay for upon entering the theater . But , like that popcorn , Sing has empty-calorie , crowd-pleasing appeal .
A somewhat silly premise leads to a lot of hilariously quirky animated musical fun .
Smart , sweet , gently funny , with a wonderfully exuberant voice performance by Matthew McConaughey that hints at fresh new realms animated movies can reach .
In a way , Sing deserves credit for bravely rejecting cuteness as a dominant animation aesthetic-though it 's not clear that the movie knows it 's doing this .
Avoiding the usual schmaltz that accompanies most modern-day cartoons , Sing is funny , warm and touching . And you 'll definitely want to burst into song .
Simple ideas make for simple pleasures , but there 's nothing wrong with simple pleasures ; sometimes they 're the best kind .
This movie does n't just sing the standards , it lowers them .
In Sing , musical theater is simply an excuse for the filmmakers to deliver an animated version of American Idol .
For a while , its sheer immensity -- and the chutzpah of its American Animal Idol conceit -- will keep you watching just to see how many plates director/writer Jennings can set to spinning .
Garth Jennings -LRB- `` Son of Rambow '' -RRB- gives the humor in this comedy a very different sensibility .
Fun , entertaining , gorgeously animated , and full of good tunes ...
There are plenty of almost random music cues , but all too little soul and too little time spent fleshing out the leads .
It 's just wonderful
Essentially , it is American Idol or The Voice featuring talking pigs , porcupine and gorillas , among other animals . Does n't the premise make you smile already ?
This tuneful ` toon works on every level , a charming , funny , heartfelt and toe tapping holiday treat for everyone at any age .
For a lover of musical theater , `` Sing '' ought be a toe-tapping home run . Something feels oddly missing , though . It 's not as fun as it should be . The singing may be in key , but the screenplay is out of tune .
It could just be an animated Fame . It could just be putting on a show to save the theater . It could pick one thing and do it well , or at least better .
A crowd-pleasing jukebox musical .
It starts out fun and then sneaks up on you for a final stretch that is both rousing and genuinely emotional .
Garth Jennings 's Sing effectively acknowledges early on that it 's following a completely unoriginal formula , and yet carries on regardless .
If you decide to see Sing -LRB- if you have children , you probably will have no choice -RRB- , see this with a large crowd . Those last 30 minutes are a hoot .
Sing runs on some serious super-piggy performance power , even if the emotional notes are expected .
When the big show finally happens at the end of the picture ? You ca n't help but smile .
If kids are n't drawn to one singing animal -LRB- or familiar voice -RRB- , there 's always another around the corner , holding up the tentpole .
A veritable farmyard of fun .
For Illumination Entertainment , `` Sing '' is a game-changer , underscoring why company founder Chris Meledandri is the hottest name in animation today .

@highlight

Sing delivers colorfully animated , cheerfully undemanding entertainment with a solid voice cast and a warm-hearted -- albeit familiar -- storyline that lives up to its title .