It 's an absorbing character study of a most intriguing man .
The Catcher Was a Spy is a moderately anticlimactic but engaging character study about a secretive man who lived an unbelievable life .
A decent movie , based on a fine book about a phenomenal true story .
Another movie built around a single incident where there 's no story to tell until it 's time for the incident , and so what are we doing here ?
Moe Berg was a Boston Red Sox , Princeton grad , fluent in seven languages , and a patriot who spied for the U.S. military as a hobby . He was many things . But was he gay ? You decide .
Based on true facts , the film seems real . Many folks never heard this tale . So it is new - not a bit stale .
It 's a less than passable espionage thriller watered down by a vague character study .
While Rudd seems incapable of losing an audience 's sympathies , he also captures Berg 's secretive nature , the opaqueness behind the friendly smile .
The Catcher Was a Spy really should be more of an exciting movie than it is . Do n't get me wrong , it 's a good movie ... it commits the mortal sin of taking a great story and great cast and producing just a good film .
It is inconsistent in almost every way that matters .
It 's so safe , and it 's so dry , and it 's so understated to a fault .
The result is a juicy true story told blandly , but The Catcher Was a Spy is still a movie worth seeing .
There 's an unsettling blandness flowing through The Catcher Was a Spy , a well photographed and impressively designed film about a fascinating character who made a mark in two wildly divergent professions .
The Catcher Was a Spy is an imperfect examination of a curiously complicated figure in American history .
I wish I liked it more .
The Catcher Was a Spy has every element needed for a gripping espionage thriller , but sadly falls flat with its placid direction .
If you like this kind of standard wartime folktale , The Catcher Was a Spy is at the very least an acceptable watch .
Handsome cinematography fails to disguise the low production value , and constant cross-cutting between strategy meetings and the mission itself make both parts of the sandwich feel moldy .
Like deserting the movie somewhere between subversive and derivative , the filmmakers struggle to show Berg both as an average bum and as a brainy badass .
Well-made spy thriller has some war violence , language .
A much more pallid experience than this eminently juicy subject deserves .
The movie is well-crafted , but it does n't have the fullness you 'd expect in a movie with so much believe-it-or-not weirdness . It feels more like a nifty anecdote .
This moderately intriguing thriller tends to further trivialize the remarkable story of its enigmatic subject .
An unapologetically minor film-it does n't try to imitate bigger historical spy films like Bridge of Spies -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . It 's comfortable with being small and intimate .
Boring is the last word you should use for a sports-hero-turned-spy story like this ; it 's the only one that comes to mind after you 've seen the film .
If it was n't a true story , it would be ridiculous . But the problem with Ben Lewin 's film is n't the plausibility of the storyline , it 's the execution of the plot , which comes off like a stiff noir rather than a crackling thriller .
The shift toward spy craft is far less fascinating than the man behind it .
We want a catcher , not a belly scratcher . And there 's an abundance of belly scratching going on in this film .
Alas , as directed by Lewin and written by Robert Rodat , the biopic has the feel and the trappings of a thrown-together made-for-TV item : overbearing music , flat declarative dialogue , and surprisingly broad acting from its supporting players
The biggest adrenaline pump comes when Berg , stir-crazy after working at a desk during World War II , runs at full speed down a hallway . There 's a shootout later on that gets less attention than that one short sprint .
Somehow , The Catcher Was A Spy is flavorless and unexciting , thanks to an execution as formulaic as a well-worn copy of The Joy Of Cooking .
Based on Nicholas Dawidoff 's best-seller , its frustrating , superficial screenplay keeps more secrets than it reveals .
`` The Catcher Was a Spy '' only ever penetrates the surface - of Berg 's psyche , of heroism in the face of evil , of America 's pastime - so that historical events ostensibly thrilling are rendered rote .
Berg and Heisenberg conduct most of their dialogue , when they finally meet , in chess moves . And the movie tantalizingly leaves open the question of whether the game ended in a mate or a resignation .
Lewin has crafted a biopic spy thriller , kind of , but the script has neither the character shadings to be a biopic nor the pacing and twist and turns to be a spy thriller .
Too restrained and genteel to fully satisfy as an exciting real-life espionage tale , it 's also too speculative in its treatment of some major narrative elements to be entirely convincing .
Missed opportunities are everywhere .
The film proves to be oddly uninvolving .
This is a thriller with a lot more soul than most , and it deserves to be observed by a wide audience .
The true story of a baseball player who loves both games and secrets .
If this neutered biopic proves anything , it 's that an enigma does n't photograph .
Lewin and Rodat show care for the true story origins of `` Spy , '' but their hesitation to awaken its potential turns the film into a museum piece .
Berg was an enigmatic and underappreciated Renaissance Man , and we leave the film not especially enlightened .
Despite sterling performances , `` The Catcher Was a Spy '' ultimately loses its luster in the murk surrounding the man it calls a `` walking enigma . ''
It 's a disappointingly mild period thriller that 's light on thrills . Even Paul Rudd , one of the most likable actors in Hollywood , ca n't rescue it .
As lifeless and dull as being at a White Sox game in 2018
The script , by Robert Rodat , skips around in time to elucidate the amped-up drama , but it never gets close to Berg 's own character .
Stereotypical scenes like those taking place at night during fogs do little to enhance this old-fashioned spy melodrama .
Subdued and tentative but serviceable biopic and spy thriller
As the film proceeds , the appeal of its nostalgia wears thin and you may notice that there is n't much beyond the window dressing .
In the end , The Catcher Was A Spy was much more catcher and not enough spy . What we end up with is a film that 's the opposite of how fascinating its lead subject is .
A very enjoyable middle-of-the-road adventure , especially for moviegoers willing to see just about anything starring Rudd .
Lewin is clearly angling for a classical Hollywood studio picture aesthetic and he mostly succeeds , only sometimes betrayed by his budget .
Paul Rudd is fantastic as the enigmatic Moe Berg , a real life footnote from history in the serviceable thriller The Catcher Was A Spy .
The Catcher Was A Spy is n't a spy film that will appeal to everyone , but it 's enjoyable for the right audiences .
It 's a poignant message , delivered simply .
So much of the nuance and the outright , exhilarating contradictions of a man like Berg are burned off in the exhaust of a roving and disjointed war story .
The Catcher Was a Spy ca n't latch onto an intriguing angle , choosing instead to leave Berg as a cipher but calling him an `` enigma . ''
Sadly , this film stumbles in its telling from its opening moments , and one problem quickly rises above the rest : Paul Rudd is heinously miscast in this role .
The Catcher Was a Spy is a good vehicle for Rudd , and an entertaining watch , although it 's maybe a little old-fashioned to really catch-on in a theatrical way -LRB- it feels like a made-for-cable movie -RRB- .
But for a movie that wants to tell you this unbelievable story about a smart guy , `` The Catcher Was a Spy '' shows its hand with faux-intellectualism .
It 's a mostly safe and gentle telling of an interesting story that remains engaging throughout its respectably modest 95-minute running time .
But not only is Lewin unsuitable as a director , so is Paul Rudd badly miscast as Berg .
There 's a curious lack of credibility and urgency in this big-screen adaptation , the kind of respectable near-miss that can happen when worthy talent apply themselves to a project they 're just not ideally suited for .

@highlight

The Catcher Was a Spy loses sight of the most interesting elements of its fact-based story , dropping the ball and leaving likable lead Paul Rudd stranded .