First Sunday is n't an out and out bad film , but to be a good one it would need to either greatly raise the dramatic steaks , or push its comedic boundaries over the top in conception . Instead it treads water safely in the middle , and it shows .
Perhaps moviegoers demand simplicity and cheap laughs more than ever during tough times , but this must be discouraging to aspiring African-American comedians and writers .
This movie fails as a comedy , a drama , a morality play , and as a coherent motion picture . Awful stuff !
If it was not for Morgan 's goofy character or Katt Williams , I would be giving this movie a zero .
Devilish satire outing felons who come in gaudy three piece suits too , a sweltering church ` hotter than Satan 's toenails ' and Sunday sermon sidebars that all the rest makes go down easy .
The missing-church-funds subplot will be easily figured out by any four year old , but it winds up being a McGuffin anyway .
With his movie debut , Talbert plays to his established audience , the redemption message riding roughshod over everything , even such trifling concerns as character consistency and continuity .
Tired , unfunny comedy with Ice Cube as a bungling crook .
The least funny man ever to make a career in comedy movies , Ice Cube hauls his sullen mug back in front of the cameras for the execrable First Sunday .
Cube 's maudlin , overly precious relationship with his son hits a few sour notes , but Morgan 's rubbery , half-crazy Leejohn always drags the film back into its manic , cartoony groove .
On your own day of judgement , select a better film from the listings .
Loretta Devine and Olivia Cole shine out as veteran members of the flock , but even their class combined is no saving grace .
Seasoned stars such as Loretta Devine and Regina Hall do their best ... but it 's an uphill struggle with a script even the good lord would rent asunder .
Grafting moral uplift on to a slapstick caper with mixed results , this nevertheless captures some of the giddy eccentricity of the Ealing comedies it haphazardly resembles .
With its unlikely but sweet-natured story , ` First Sunday ' is a cut above most of the `` January junk '' that floods the theaters this time of year .
Getting religion in the end is no excuse for a parade of bad taste .
Ice Cube is now Public Enemy Number Fun , although First Sunday is only fun if you 're in dire need of a modernist urban take on the strain of comedy Abbott and Costello used to practice , which , let 's be honest , was n't that funny to begin with .
Talbert 's unable to pin down exactly what kind of movie he wants to make , a slapstick sermon or an urban tragicomedy ?
Writer-director David E. Talbert has a fine cast ... but he lets them down with a wretched , amateurish script ...
If Tyler Perry ever wanted to turn Dog Day Afternoon into a treacly after-school special , it would probably end up looking a lot like this .
Ice Cube 's franchising of the weekdays continues with First Sunday .
First Sunday is n't the most refined moviemaking you 'll ever see , but it gives 2008 cinema a perfectly humane start .
Predictable crime comedy has some iffy content .
Combining the hijinks of the Friday series with the spiritual bent of Tyler Perry 's work seems like an obvious move . For producer/star Ice Cube , it 's also a dishonest one .
First Sunday , a self-described ` funny and heartwarming comedy , ' stumbles in the comedy department , but fills the heart 's collection plate with a strong inspirational finish .
For a movie that 's filled with so many talented comedians , it 's shocking that First Sunday is only sporadically funny .
A cringe-inducing , cinematic tribute to the Golden Age of Minstrelsy !
The movie is designed to be uplifting and inspirational , but everything about it is tired and listless . It does n't so much make you feel the spirit as drain it out of you .
-LSB- S -RSB- tupid , nonsensical , incoherent , incompetent storytelling guaranteed to offend anyone who cares about the integrity of concepts such as justice , morality , and being responsible for one 's own behavior ...
The movie 's total lack of focus and its unimpressive script should render it totally unwatchable . Weirdly , that does n't quite happen .
Your enjoyment of this movie may depend on the Tracy Morgan factor . Rarely has there been a comic who can switch from funny to unbearably grating with such speed .
If there 's a God , First Sunday will be the last of its kind for Ice Cube and Tracy Morgan , who deserve better than this wannabe screwball comedy about small-time crooks knocking over a church .
While we ca n't presume to know the Lord 's mind , somewhere in the footnotes to the Ten Commandments there must be a rule about not using insipid piety to excuse incompetent comedy .
As the mind wanders during the first chuckle-free half-hour of the Ice Cube comedy First Sunday , a thought occurs : Should n't you have to win an Oscar before you make a movie this bad ?
It tries far too hard and achieves far too little . The laughs it causes are guilty ones , but not that guilty , because there are n't that many .
Even as the film 's most stereotypical figure , stand-up comic Katt Williams manages to be the only consistently funny character in this uninspired inspirational comedy .
The film , written and directed by urban theater circuit playwright David E. Talbert , is far from polished , but it has a rambunctious energy that 's hard to resist .
Though Ice Cube and Morgan should make an ideal team , neither seems particularly comfortable grappling with Talbert 's amateurish script .
Ice Cube goes cold in First Sunday , a heist comedy in which the audience gets robbed .
Ice Cube has been taking a lot of heat in recent years for abandoning his tough guy image in exchange for Hollywood stardom , and First Sunday appears to be a compromise .
Who wants reality and a hollow inspirational message after a setup promising madcap laughs ?
With plot holes the size of boulders , it 's a bad effort at wacky humor and schmaltzy redemption that plods and preaches gratingly .
First Sunday is a movie about forgiveness that asks its audience to forgive too much -- with regard to both its characters and its makers .
The comedy about a botched robbery and hostage-taking is so bad that even The Cube 's most ardent fans are going to feel they 're the real victims .
A sorry excuse for a ghetto SOS .
Its heart is in the right place and it tries hard -- maybe too hard -- to earn its sentimental ending .
Still , if you 're a fan of Ice Cube you should n't be too disappointed . More , if you 're a fan of Morgan you 'll probably be downright pleased . Me , I 'm neither here nor there about the darn thing .
... about as funny as a bad sermon .
First Sunday is harmless , church-approved optimism with just enough bawdy behavior to keep general audiences attentive to the lessons on right and wrong and urban fatherhood participation . It 's medicine , but it 's far more agreeable than I expected .
It 's not as if First Sunday sets out to be awful , it simply is .
attempts to go for a Tyler Perry-esque mishmash of silly comedy , melodrama and everyone learning a lesson that will make them better people . Ick .
Everything here is overly simplified for easy digestion -- dialogue , jokes , characterization , storyline , and payoff
It has the slapstick of a The Three Stooges short without the comic timing , the characters of `` Hot Ghetto Mess '' without the irony , and the stereotypes of Amos 'n' Andy without the wit .
As if Tyler Perry 's own films were n't bad enough , now we have to contend with ill-begotten rip-offs of them ? Heaven help us .
A slack combination of faith-based inspiration and broad ` hood comedy .
This anemic vehicle for Ice Cube and Tracy Morgan to mug and jive through is just weak , weak stuff .
Shrug off the recycled script and the movie 's trite if uplifting , message and recognize the signs of stardom to come . It wo n't be too many Sundays before David E. Talbert finds his funny film niche and Katt Williams becomes a top billed star .
In First Sunday , Ice Cube departs a bit from the upright-citizen persona , playing a man driven to crime by desperate circumstances .
The only time viewers will be inspired to sing halleluja is on their way out of the theatre .
Comedies do n't have to be high in class as long as they are funny , entertaining and do not treat their audience like imbeciles . First Sunday fails all three of these qualifications .
-LSB- Katt -RSB- Williams blithely walks off with the second half of First Sunday , which more or less walks in place until he arrives .
Has more bathroom humor than an elementary school cafeteria and so many stereotypes up the wazoo that the wazoo is officially full .
As tired as First Sunday is , and as shamelessly as it grovels for laughs , there 's a hint of sweetness , and -LSB- director -RSB- Talbert clearly has a feel for Baltimore , where most of it was affectionately shot .
... did n't pry so much as a giggle from my lips until 42 minutes in ...
The film somehow ends with religious conversions that leave out any mention of the Almighty .
This heist comedy has a hackneyed introduction , and its feel-good ending lacks credibility , but the big , funny chunk in the middle marks writer-director-producer David E. Talbert as a talent to watch .
While not all of the jokes work -LRB- in fact , some of them misfire badly -RRB- , there are enough low-key chuckles to retain a light tone .
First Sunday pits the street against the church , but somehow affable mediocrity wins the day .
In addition to the faulty premise , which effortlessly lends itself to writer / director David E. Talbert 's preachy agenda , the movie just plain is n't funny .
David E. Talbert 's frenetically unfunny comedy about two losers who attempt to rob a church . Does n't have a prayer .
... is n't really funny until it turns sentimental at the end .
On the basis of First Sunday , it would seem writer-director David E. Talbert has been keeping close tabs on the creative recipe for success concocted by Tyler Perry .
Morgan butchers me every time with that overemphatic - delivery thing that makes incidental lines multiplex-leveling funny .
A near-claustrophobic comedy that manages to be both predictable and preachy .
It plods along at a sluggard 's pace through a weak premise with crude execution and even cruder characters to arrive at an unearned sentimental ending .


@highlight

First Sunday may have its heart in the right place , but its funny bone is dislocated .