If it is the objective of a work of art to hold up a mirror to our own lives , then 51 Birch Street , in all its makeshift craftsmanship , is a great work of art .
A portrait of a marriage , Capturing the Friedmans-style .
a documentary for every Baby Boomer , and every Boomer parent , to ponder
Leads us through a nice range of emotions and invites us to contemplate our own parents ' lives
There is nothing more mysterious than the secrets of the people around us , and from the unraveling of this mystery Doug forms a beautiful portrait of an unfulfilled woman .
Reflecting upon the complications of post-war marriage in the pre-divorce age , Block 's film does presenting an interesting and intensely intimate tale about his own parents .
Unfolds like an epistolary psychological mystery . Little about or in this movie is as simple as it seems .
Doug Block delves effectively into family mysteries without offending or showing disrespect to any of the parties involved .
In families , especially , perceptions are relative ... reminds us that the seemingly mundane , right at our dinner tables , can offer its own special , bittersweet poetry .
It gradually turns into a vivid demonstration that truth can be stronger than fiction , and that compromise is necessary in any lasting relationship .
51 Birch Street , like the best of the recent wave of personal documentaries , is both a compelling story and an eye-opening bit of social history .
The overall effect makes one ponder how much we really know about our parents , as well as how much we really want to know .
Just as Doug starts looking at his own marriage through new eyes after reading about his parents ' , so will most viewers . `` 51 Birch Street '' could be any address in America .
The film grows in power as it goes , finding ever more universal levels of feeling .
Through haunting home movies , Mina 's diaries and interviews with Mike , a raw , riveting portrait emerges of what a child sees in his parents ' relationship and what lies beneath .
We 'd all be better off if we could find our grace without a camera 's obstruction , but ironically , Block 's film provides a useful direction to see our way .
Since the trend of documentary films as a vehicle for the camera operator 's family therapy seems firmly established , we can only hope it produces more stories of this caliber .
A resounding success because it touches on things every child has wondered about on the road to adulthood .
Ultimately , the film reveals more about Block than about his private , remote mother and father .
It 's a fine film , and it 's practically guaranteed to make you think about your own relationships .
The film has a compelling way about it . All five of the immediate Block family members emerge in full and affecting portraits .
An intensely painful , personal and cathartic movie of a man coming to accept his parents as people with flaws , problems and regrets .
A warm and honest portrait of a marriage at its most mysterious , and ordinary .
The intimate history of Doug Block 's parents becomes fodder for a broader look at family secrets in this complex documentary .
The movie 's considerable strength lies in the evolution of Block 's relationship with his father .
What makes 51 Birch Street a moving revelation rather than a therapeutic exercise is Block 's commitment to understanding his parents , Mike and Mina , on their own terms , regardless of what it does to his image of them .
It 's a loving , painful map of the gulf between thought and word , between word and deed , that props up good marriages , and sends bad ones to hell .
Doug Block 's very moving , honest and even suspenseful autopsy of his parents ' marriage is the kind of film audiences leave the theater talking about , and which keeps them talking days later .
What 's best about -LSB- director -RSB- Block 's documentary is how well he captures his own shifting perceptions .
In 51 Birch Street , a moving and fascinating documentary , Doug Block investigates the lingering , buried frustration in his parents otherwise ordinary lives .
The resulting documentary begins shakily , with a naked self-consciousness that can be off-putting , but quickly develops into an absorbing and ever deepening drama .
The filmmaker 's intrusion into the private world of his parents ' marriage gets at truths about a generation of men and women .
It has a lot of powerful messages about love and family .
A tonal triumph of true-life storytelling told with equal measures of tension and redemption .
Doug Block 's 51 Birch Street proves that the simplest , most ordinary stories can also be the most spellbinding .
In some ways , an antidote to the sugarcoated myths and lies the movies have taught us about love and marriage .


@highlight

A filmmaker 's investigation of his parents ' marriage renders an ordinary subject surprisingly powerful .