It 's not particularly surprising , but I admit it was an agreeable and sometimes emotional experience -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
For a 140 minute movie , it 's just painstakingly obvious that there is material here that should have been chopped out
This is a tale encapsulated simply enough within the deceptively simple parenthesis of a small-town family bonding saga . And of course , Downey and Duvall shine .
The main issue with The Judge is that it 's too long and schmaltzy , and the length makes the schmaltz worse because you have that much longer to be aware of it .
Downey 's Hank is basically Downey playing a character carefully calibrated for audience sympathies -- hey he 's a smug jerk of a lawyer but he 's a really good Dad to his loving young daughter .
It remains watchable to the very end , mostly thanks to a stolid cast that absolutely refuses to be sucked into the muddied tropes that make up the screenplay .
One of those films that goes under the radar but has everything in it , making it a great film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The main plot anchors itself with quite a lot of naturalism , an ironic half-smile , and that measured point of repulsion-attraction mastered by the great Luchini , expert on human toads that tie us with their tongues . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Love affairs and literature . Rom-com and courtroom drama . The mix is n't really promising , but Christian Vincent manages to make a good marriage out of them . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The familial dysfunction is familiar and cliched , but the two complement each other nicely . Duvall makes the audience , and Hank , work to get to know him , and by the time the denouement rolls around you are glad Hank kept on prodding .
The Judge has a few good things going for it ... What the film does n't have is faith that the audience can appreciate solid dramatic acting for more than , oh , three minutes at a stretch .
At 141 minutes , The Judge can not avoid resorting to clichés , and they pile up as the movie trundles on .
Yeah , so it 's practically Oldboy . Except they do n't make a big deal about it . Just a casual incest comedy subplot
The Judge picked me apart in ways that I was n't prepared for .
When attorney Robert Downey Jr. returns to his Indiana hometown early in the film , he drives through an utterly phony CG cornfield . The unnecessary effect is an indicator of the sham emotions , spurious sentiment and -- yes -- corn headed the viewer 's way .
The best thing I can say about `` The Judge '' is that I did n't mind watching it . The movie , starring Robert Downey , Jr. and Robert Duvall covered a lot of familiar territory , but it was a comfortable journey .
The Judge will say and do anything to win over the jury of public opinion , but look at the facts , and you 'll see nothing but pandering .
A slow-moving drama that feels like a made for TV movie that moved up to big screen status thanks solely to the cast .
Downey and Duvall deliver fine performances in a story we 've seen many times before .
Given its extreme overlength -LRB- 141 minutes ! -RRB- , The Judge ultimately fares a whole lot better than one might 've anticipated ...
Flawlessly directed and skillfully acted , `` The Judge '' joins last week 's `` Gone Girl '' on this year 's short list of worthy Oscar contenders
An almost-committed-incest ! alarm nearly jolts proceedings into a movie weirdly watch-able for the wrong reason . But that story 's vying with a handful of others -- family grief , father-son estrangement , hometown return , courtroom showdown -- for top billing .
Judge not , lest ye be judged . Easy to say if you did n't have to sit through David Dobkin 's cloying courtroom melodrama .
The Judge is over long and periodically self-sabotages itself through moments of sentiment and dramatic obviousness , but at heart it 's a smart and hard-working film aided immeasurably by powerful performances
This film has about as much in common with reality as a man saving the world while encased in a flying suit of iron .
It 's a film that aspires to be profound in its examination of family bonds and confronting your past , yet seems content to tread familiar territory as it airs the dirty laundry .
It 's Downey Jr 's meatiest role in years ... if only it was n't served with such a thick layer of cheese .
This is a film that is well cast , and director David Dobkin -LRB- `` Wedding Crashers '' -RRB- gets solid performances out of this fine cast . While the story could have been tighter , it has plenty of emotional and dramatic power .
It can be formulaic , improbable , melodramatic and bloated . But it emphasizes its stars ' strengths , which go a long way when your leads are Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Duvall .
Robert Downey Jr and Robert Duvall are on such mesmerising , Oscar-baiting form in this old-school family melodrama cum courtroom cliffhanger that it 's possible to pardon the film for being so clichéd and contrived .
The only surprise in this long , though generally engaging melodrama , is a risqué bit of incest ; a refugee from a previous draft , perhaps , that somehow made the screen , possibly at the insistence of Downey Jr , who realised his flick needed a little spice .
This generational drama strains so hard to be serious that it 's almost laughable .
Objection ! Meretricious sentimentality ! Objection ! Badgering the audience ! Where is this leading , your honour ?
The Judge is ... a gooey experience , lousy with clichés and rife with awkward family-togetherness moments that look genuine on the paper , but ring false .
As the verdict draws closer , the sentimental silliness and courtroom cliches pile up ...
The film , unfortunately , is a hodge-podge of courtroom dramatics and familial dysfunction , neatly wrapped in a conventional package that does whatever it takes to shout IMPORTANT , and , please remember us at Academy Award time .
Thankfully out of his Iron Man suit and away from his usual pantry of excuses to ham it up , Robert Downey Jr reminds us what a fine dramatic actor he is in David Dobkin 's finely honed , prestige legal drama .
An occasionally sloppy script and baffling directorial decisions keep this from going very far , but if you enjoy seeing two great actors at the top of their game , you ca n't go wrong here .
Unfortunately , when Downey is not centre-stage the drama becomes leaden , sentimental and utterly improbable .
A Robert Downey Jr vehicle which does n't involve genius industrialists or Victorian detectives would certainly be welcome but , alas , The Judge fails to convince and drifts into sentimental schlock in the final third .
For all its contrivances and occasional lapses into On Golden Pond-style mawkishness , this is a richly crafted yarn that boasts barnstorming , if very showy performances from Duvall and Downey Jr. .
There are a number of fine reasons to see the courtroom-meets-family melodrama The Judge . As you might suspect , two stand out : actors Robert Duvall and Robert Downey Jr. .
Every scene makes its point , every line of dialogue weighs in . But it works the material too hard - it 's all so emphatic and over-egged and improbably tied together .
Director and co-writer David Dobkin does n't end the 141-minute film neatly , but you 'll appreciate a story that stirs your emotions .
Objection , your honour !
The Judge is a largely inoffensive blend of courtroom potboiler and domestic melodrama which makes intermittently good use of Downey and particularly Duvall .
Avoids feeling as supremely calculated as it is , perhaps because Robert Downey Jr. 's snark and Robert Duvall 's crusty pragmatism vaccinate against it .
It bodes well for Downey 's post-Iron Man future , but , sadly , the promised sparks never fly .
Pleasingly , the two Roberts -LRB- Downey Jr. and Duvall -RRB- who top the cast list and square off as father and son bring their acting A games ...
There are plenty of emotional fireworks in this big , soupy but entertaining picture , which is obvious Oscar bait .
. A carefully calculated effort designed to hit all the perceived necessary tropes to qualify as both important and as quality . Alas , it is neither .
A great cast and promising premise get swamped in an awkward mix of airport-novel noir and blokey family melodrama .
Robert Downey Jr and Robert Duvall ca n't save this dysfunctional legal drama from sloppy scripting .
There 's much pleasure to be derived from the two old and young stagers swapping barbed insults while they unconsciously arrive at a rather poignant understanding .
Duvall is a specialist with slightly deranged , broken-down characters , and he 's done nothing better than this .
Of all the objections raised to The Judge , acting intensity certainly is n't one of them . The reason this overstuffed movie remains tolerable is casting Duvall and Robert as combative father and son , and their determination to out-thespian each other .
For the most part , it finds a way to make both formulas work in its favour . It respects the laws , but it 's not encumbered by them .
Well here 's something that you do n't have to see .
The Judge is concerned with stern , vague emotion that is not remotely resonant .
Two things a movie should never waste-the talent of its cast and the time of its audience . The Judge is guilty on both counts .
Some of the subplots feel a bit `` August : Osage County '' for dudes , and the film nay fall short of it 's stars ' considerable pedigree ... but `` The Judge '' is still a solid film that entertains throughout it 's 2-plus hour running time .
The film clocks in at a beefy two hours , twenty minutes run time ... it 's too long for a film that otherwise has a very engaging story with two great lead performances .
A charismatic performance from Downey Jr and the growling presence of Duvall make up for a multitude of sins in this big and brash family drama .
Downey Jr and Duvall keep this otherwise cheesy legal drama mostly watchable .
The emotions underlying the conflicts never seem like the point of the film , only the conflicts themselves , and the possibilities they create for the actors performing them .
Robert Downey Jr. puts his abundant charisma to good use in this judicial thriller-cum-family reconciliation drama . But the jury 's out on director Dobkin 's aptitude for weighty subject matter .
Verdict : a combination of courtroom clichés , family feuds and oddball jokes that is a criminal misuse of star talent .
Verdict on The Judge : a disappointment
I do n't expect The Judge to usher in a new era of legal thrillers , but I 'm happy to see Downey leave the Marvel universe and Baker Street behind .
Judge is in need of harder edges and a secure balance of legal affairs and family horror . This `` Kumbaya '' treatment only makes the feature feel endless .
Devil 's Advocate centers on a narcissistic lawyer whose father is Satan himself . The Judge centers on a narcissistic lawyer whose father is a judge . One is a heavy-handed fantasy full of unbelievable plot developments . The other stars Keanu Reeves .
They wanted to make a To Kill a Mockingbird . Instead they made , To Kill an Annoying Parrot .
With a great performance by Robert Duvall that almost saves this overlong ... cliched courtroom drama , really a family drama , from all its sappy moments .
Finally Robert Downey gets an intelligent script , a fine director , and the opportunity to act opposite someone like Robert Duvall . It 's scintillating to see these two outstanding actors parry with one another , buttressed by a good supporting cast .
Director David Dobkin really wants you to hug your dad . And you can feel that insistent desire for almost every minute of The Judge 's too-long 140-minute running time .
It wants to be many movies , and fails at being even one of them .
tries too hard with too much to deliver too little
The Judge visits small-town , rural America in such a way that movies hardly ever do anymore .
The story is solid , but its structure is weak . Certain things do n't add up and it 's entirely maddening . The Judge may be well-acted , but its over emotional foundation buckles more often than not .
Not much fun watching Downey hit emotional beach balls out of the park for 2 hours plus . Ham and corn .
On paper , this is a prestige film and a prestige role . But in the end , it 's long and mundane , a vehicle designed to highlight Downey , whose character is , as always , the smartest one in the movie .
This is a prestige film , a dysfunctional family drama , a courtroom thriller , a comedy , and a romance all balled together . Quite frankly , I 'm surprised it does n't try to be a science-fiction adventure and a musical , too .
The Judge is a very familiar tale of a man that finds humility in a return to his hometown - albeit one with a few genuinely powerful moments of drama .
There are many good moments and striking scenes in ` The Judge ' but , most of all , it 's an actor 's showcase .
The sweeping aerial establishing shots are just indulgent in what 's really a small family drama .
Mature legal drama is superbly acted but a bit predictable .
You got ta like these kinds of showdowns between acting heavyweights .
This is an acting duel between Robert Downey , Jr. and Robert Duvall . The result is a draw , which is another way of saying that the audience wins .
Court is in session . Terrific acting and a patiently told story equal a most positive verdict . On my list of the year 's best .
When the judge finally softens up a bit , Duvall generates genuine audience waterworks .
The Judge just sort of lays there for a taxing 141 minutes , unsure of what it wants to be .
This is not by any means a bad movie . The script has its bright patches , the setting is picturesque , and the cast is full of actors you 'll want to see .
A strong cast fights a losing battle against subpar material in this ramshackle drama .
For the moviegoers who are looking forward to the pairing of Duvall and Downey Jr. -- forget it ! This script is n't worth their time or energy -- nor yours !
`` The Judge '' is barely watchable because of Downey Jr. 's droll performance .
These two guys are among the heavyweights of today , and it 's a real pleasure to watch them work .
An overstuffed , overlong slog of a legal drama . Director David Dobkin coats every cliché with cheap theatrics . Go ahead , see The Judge just for Downey and Duvall . But to cite another recent dud , this is where I leave you .
Runs on clichés and ultimately earns more credit for what it does n't do ... than for what it does .
The movie allows Downey to find fresh uses for his crackling energy and trademark verbal aggression .
What 's present works for what everyone involved is trying to accomplish , and the leads certainly do their best to sell it . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also Available -RRB-
Can a bloated , cliched drama still serve as rousing entertainment ? The Judge answer in the affirmative .
A big piece of entertainment product , glossy and engaging in a way that few movies try to be these days . It 's also too often unable to get out of its own way .
An extremely contrived movie propped up by amazing performances .
THE JUDGE may have many shortcomings , but its odd combination of saccharine sentiment and solid performances make it a light crowd-pleaser .
A blue-chip cast struggles with an unwieldy script in The Judge , a hybrid comedy , family-reconciliation story and legal drama .
Let 's just say any film that has a high school romance rekindled , hints of incest , cancer , professional baseball , mental disability and repeated vomiting has too much going on , especially when some things have no tie to the basic story .
The Judge is a tale of family dysfunction , the sins of the father and all that .
What a great ensemble cast led by the terrific Duvall , arguably the best motion picture actor of our time , who anchors the film .
Screenwriters Nick Schenk and Bill Dubuque are working under the misapprehension that having things happen to a character is the same as developing that character ...
Thanks to the efforts of the two Roberts and a solid supporting cast , The Judge is better than it should be , transcending its clichés and melodrama .
Duvall and Downey Jr. deliver standout performances in this honorably compelling family drama .
Duvall and Downey create a memorable mutual antipathy with echoes that go back as far as Raymond Massey squaring off against James Dean in `` East of Eden . ''
An overlong crowd-pleaser that mistakes a hackneyed catharsis for something more meaningful .
A sprawl of narrative that is as unconvincing as the suspiciously sprawl-free , nostalgia-tinged town where it all takes place .
It 's `` what people want . '' Whereas I say the hell with people and what they want .
A rich , thoughtful , beautifully structured film , with moments of humor that are among the funniest you will see this year .
A fanciful , thoroughly-modern variation on the parable of the Prodigal Son !
-LSB- Duvall and Downey -RSB- may not be enough to counterbalance the bloat of the rest of the film , but they keep it from sinking under the weight of soggy sentimentality .
Time and again , the writers attempt sleight of hand - tossing out ideas in order to upend them with a different revelation - but the tactic does n't work and Dobkins ' direction of plot is ungainly .
There were reports that Duvall initially turned down this script , only to reconsider because he wanted to work with Downey . Good call .
Always the most inscrutable of the great '70s actors , Duvall uses his great , unassuming American face to convey pride , confusion , pain and compassion - sometimes all at once .
desperate , dumb , and sort of delightful
Drama about the transformation of a smart and slick Chicago defense lawyer during a visit to his small Indiana hometown .
More than two hours of sharp dialogue and great acting , if not particularly inventive plotting .
While it 's good to know that character-driven dramas still have a place at the movies , `` The Judge '' might have worked better as a television miniseries .
The strain for respectability can be felt in virtually every moment of David Dobkin 's hokey dramedy .
The script flippantly points out its own cliches , while rarely transcending them ; when an unfamiliar idea shows up , it 's usually a bad on .
A solid , enjoyable and engrossing courtroom drama that will please traditional devotees of the form .
As thin as it is , The Judge is wrapped up in a very appealing package of colorful Americana , solid turns from a superior supporting cast , and an old-fashioned score by Thomas Newman .
Dobson ... may be a bit clumsy out of the gate with more sensitive material , but wisely gives his seasoned cast a lot of rope .
-LSB- Vera -RSB- Farmiga is reliably game and flirty , but no great actor could sell too-much lines like , ` I 'm going to go play with myself . I 'll be thinking of you . ' It 's like a teenager 's idea of sexy banter .
Despite playing with a stacked deck , `` The Judge '' is guilty of exceeding expectations .
These all sound like perfect ingredients for a meaty Midwest family drama , but under Dobkin 's delinquent direction , The Judge is never as humorous as it should be , seldom as compelling as it needs to be , and hardly as memorable as it wants to be .
There 's a lot going on here , all of it interesting , some of it genuinely suspenseful and even moving .
The Judge gives the sense of resting on its casting laurels .
A sweeping Hollywood melodrama that glides by on its strong performances and surprising charm .
The leads are typecast to perfection -- Downey glib and aggressive , Duvall principled and crotchety -- but the legal drama is freighted with stale family and interpersonal conflicts , and the comic relief is unfortunate
Slick but superficial and overloaded with cliches ... entertaining enough , but in a shallow , manipulative fashion .
The trailer of this movie is the best version of it that will ever exist . Stick with that .
Of the 141 minutes in `` The Judge , '' roughly 70 work well , hold the screen and allow a ripe ensemble cast the chance to do its thing , i.e. , act .
There are reasons that films like these keep getting made . One is that , when they work , they are broadly entertaining .
The best thing about `` The Judge '' is watching Downey and Duvall , as actors , playing off each other . They listen and react and takes lines and moments to places that surprise us and seem to surprise them .
Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Duvall team up together for the first time in this sentimental journey , following a prodigal son from sin to redemption .
Right down to its bland , generic title , The Judge feels like it 's assembled from a checklist of standard elements from Oscar bait-y family dramas .
The material showcases the lead actors ' strengths . Downey 's is hyper-verbal glibness with a black sheep 's injured sadness in his eyes . Duvall 's is grizzled authority undercut by the infirmities of age .
Downey has made only one movie -LRB- not counting cameos -RRB- that was n't Iron Man or Sherlock Holmes in the last five years , and it shows . He 's so quick , but he 's coasting on talent and technique .
A good , knotty courtroom proceeding can be fun beach reading , but The Judge makes you want to put your eyes back on the water .
Billed as a heavyweight championship bout , The Judge is more a middle-of-the-card time-passer .
Any references you can think of in an estranged father-son drama are present here , and they are n't presented with any particular spark of imagination . Luckily for Dobkin , Downey and Duvall are able to provide some .
You wish it were better . But `` The Judge , '' eventually , wears its viewer down , despite the best efforts of an irresistible cast .
Highly watchable with a great cast , this tale of an estranged father and son coming together through a courtroom drama is undermined by moments of nostalgia .
Tonal issues aside , The Judge is saved by the performances of Downey and Duvall , two great actors with more in common than one would think .
Excellent Cast in Poignant Drama - wonderful to see this actors bring this story to life
Downey does his doe-eyed best to make you play along , and the writing picks up a bit about halfway through . But it 's just not worth the 140 minutes .
It 's well-acted , with some occasional moments of clever dialogue , but the story is plodding , predictable and tension-free .
Essentially , this is Tony Stark in the courtroom . But Robert Downey Jr. 's gift for loquacious gymnastics is so impressive that he makes his staid legal drama come to life .
Equal parts courtroom drama , legal thriller and family saga , it 's also a synchronized duet for two terrific actors at the top of their craft that left me stunned .
The entire film is overacted , overwritten , and overplayed to the point of insult .
Watching Iron Man work out his daddy issues for well over two hours proves painful for everyone involved , especially viewers .
... -LSB- D -RSB- espite its many flaws , The Judge works by relying on the talent of its cast and on the particularly sizzling back-and-forth of Downey and Duvall .
One long trial of moral duty , and one that excuses repugnant behavior and psychological warfare in lieu of a repetitive , condescending sermon on honoring thy father .
If `` The Judge '' proves anything , it 's that talented , likable actors like Downey , Duvall , D'Onofrio and Farmiga can keep a mediocre movie humming .
Ultimately , the case presented relies on stale precedents we the jury have previously seen in more convincing fashion .
Do we really need to see Robert Duvall playing a withered grouch for the millionth time ?
Like a John Grisham tale written by joke-happy hacks .
Not a boring movie , so it 's perfectly reasonable time-filling entertainment , but you can feel it aspiring to more and not getting there .
Effectively combines a John Grisham-type small-town trial with a father-son reconciliation weepie .
Acid tongued comedy , sentimental family dramatics , and courtroom thriller conventions sit awkwardly with one another creating a peculiar yet entertaining near train-wreck of a movie that stays on track thank to its lead players .
There is much to enjoy with its dysfunctional ` Picasso painting family ' and great performances from Downey Jnr and Duval .
Judge Dreadful !
No amount of Downey swag can distract from the fact that this is film is just ` okay ' , wearingly predictable despite the potential for so much more .
It 's a regular crowd-pleaser , with a pair of A-list Roberts -- Downey Jr. and Duvall -- bringing their A game to the story of a smalltown judge accused of murder .
It 's better than one would expect from the director of Shanghai Knight and Fred Claus , without being especially interesting in any regard .
Imagine ` My Cousin Vinny , ' but much longer and without any of the good parts .
It tugs at the heartstrings a little too vigorously and overstays its welcome but The Judge still passes muster as able mainstream entertainment and Downey Jr gives it edge and class .
A cheesy yet compelling courtroom drama , The Judge benefits from the pairing of two terrific Robert Ds .
`` Expendables 3 '' has fewer nauseating clichés than `` The Judge . ''
It 's hard to throw the book at a movie as dextrous and polished The Judge , even with its laundry list of dramatic crimes .
`` The Judge '' is certainly a cinematic misdemeanor , a movie that wants to wear the robes and bang the gavel , but barely earns the right to take the stand .
Just watching snarky Chicago lawyer Robert Downey Jr. spar with crotchety father Robert Duvall as he tries to defend the small-town Indiana jurist on a murder rap is worth the price of admission .
The Judge is like the soggiest Oscar nominee for best picture of 1982 , but though few would confuse it with art , the film is deftly acted , and it holds you , it gets to you .
The Judge could have been just another courtroom procedural with extra family pathos , but it 's got a third person with something to prove : director David Dobkin , who is better known for comedies such as Wedding Crashers and Fred Claus .
Despite a strong cast , it 's obvious where the problems lie : a weak script and a director working beyond his ability to make the movie work dramatically .
A guilty conviction for Dobkin : first-degree , low-grade schlock .
Formulaic and too long , but still very entertaining . Tailor-made for Downey Jr. .
The Judge deserves to be held in contempt . It 's one of the worst movies of the year .
... -LSB- ` The Judge ' -RSB- features more endings than `` Return Of The King , '' and it feels like a movie the younger , rowdier Robert Downey Jr. would have made fun of mercilessly .
Sadly there 's no denying the charge : first-degree cheese , with intent .
Seeing Downey Jr. and Duvall perform together is the film 's great pleasure , and while neither tries to outdo each other certainly their roles bring out the best in them .
Even when the circumstances seem contrived , the actors mine moments of truth that resonate with raw emotion .
An engrossing , unwieldy hurricane of a movie that plays likea small-town courtroom thriller by way of a testosterone-fueled remake of `` August : Osage County . ''

@highlight

Solidly cast and beautifully filmed but thoroughly clichéd , The Judge seems destined to preside over a large jurisdiction of the basic cable afternoon-viewing circuit .