Sometimes , improvements are n't always necessary whether that be for romantic partners or for a film .
That razor edge is completely gone from the remake of The Stepford Wives . It 's a comedy and no one gets really hurt .
It glides by on the notion that there is little that is still frightening about being an American woman . I wish I could say it was a premise whose time had come .
Comedic remake of '70s horror movie has sex humor .
There 's not a single redeeming feature in this colossal over-budgeted waste of time ...
As comedies go , it 's actually fairly funny , albeit in a light , superficial way which either hides or exposes the fact that the plot is a thick tangle of mutual contradictions .
The remake of The Stepford Wives is the gayest major motion picture ever made - and remember , I saw Troy .
In 1975 , The Stepford Wives ... seemed creepy and socially relevant . Today , it just feels dull .
What a sad , sad mess .
To read review visit www.EmanuelLevy.com
Absent the suspense and satirical thrust of its predecessor , The Stepford Wives is a star-studded , soft-centered piece of whimsy
`` The Stepford Wives '' is a terrific comedy , but a lousy motion picture .
Ao que parece , os realizadores de Mulheres Perfeitas acreditaram que o público seria tão dócil e manipulável quanto as esposas retratadas em sua trama .
There just are n't enough laughs to distract from the vast fault-lines in the story
For better or worse , Stepford Wives is classic Frank Oz . At times ludicrous and stereotypical , but always funny .
With its smart script and dead-on comic performances , it actually works .
Frank Oz has made a career of making comedy out of on-set tensions and his actors ' personal anxieties .
As written by Paul Rudnick , who wields one of the cattiest pens in Hollywood , this new version of `` The Stepford Wives '' suggests he might want to try a fresh pot of ink .
This version quickly falls in and out of form , deviating from comedy to thriller ... losing the social significance of the original .
A confused production , replete with weak jokes and embarrassing stereotypes , earn the film one star , but I 'll throw in an extra half star for Kidman 's engaging performance .
Oz 's toothless vehicle is never able to capture the dark humor of its calculated convictions ... has no apparent rhyme or reason to its meandering madness
The Stepford Wives willingly dispenses with a strong conceit in its unbridled urge to be ridiculous , taken here as a synonym of `` entertaining . ''
To paraphrase Paul Rudnick 's Premiere magazine movie-critic alter ego , Libby Gelman-Waxner : It 's flat , cold , fork-resistant and tasteless , if you ask me .
There 's little here that is n't hedged ... -LSB- Oz and Rudnick -RSB- shoot wide ; by wishing not to offend , they actually manage the job .
The cast is mostly strong and its clumsy charms substantial -- enough to make this flawed cautionary tale worth watching , as long as your expectations are n't too high .
It may be about artificiality but that hardly excuses that quality in the storytelling .
Fitting that a horror film from the 70 's is now remade as a slightly less scary satire for the new century .
... the satire is weak , and the execution is inept ...
Slice the last 10 minutes of `` The Stepford Wives , '' and I think you 'd have a decent movie .
The ending of the new Stepford Wives is completely ineffective . It does n't clearly define what these women are and goes for a lazy screenwriter 's cure all .
A computer-generated ending might have been an improvement on screenwriter Paul Rudnick 's , which goes so haywire you can almost see the smoke .
Leave the comedy to the Witherspoons , Nicole . When we want a good dose of self-loathing depression , we 'll give you a call .
In a year jam-packed with remakes , we have yet another bad one .
Though an overtly gay Stepford Wives is certainly conceivable , Frank Oz 's evidently rewritten and recut incarnation does n't have the necessary teeth .
It has a wonderfully wounding malice directed at both the Stepford , Conn. , contingent of Energizer Bunny wives and the New Yorkers who have just moved in .
A bland , empty-headed farce that values narrative complacency over invention . No sharp edges here . Only blunt , plastic frosting-spreaders .
This could have been a nearly great film , but instead it 's an enjoyable mess that sometimes stretches itself to boast a degree of social relevance and truly-biting satire .
The Internet Movie Database classifies The Stepford Wives as ` comedy/drama/thriller , ' and I suppose that 's part of the film 's problem : It does n't know what it is .
A ham-fisted attempt at social commentary that 's further undone by last-minute tinkering on the part of its creators .
The original thriller was accidentally campy , while Oz 's film is very much in on the joke .
Director Frank Oz 's starstudded quirk-machine is a distastefully simpleminded view of gender relations .
An erratically paced , spectacularly misguided picture that ca n't decide whether it 's a comedy , a sci-fi thriller or a relationship drama .
A baffling , incoherent debacle so openly contemptuous of the audience that it does n't even bother pretending to make any sense .
Do n't try to figure the logic of the ending . Just sit back and enjoy a funny movie .
Whatever behind-the-scenes problems there were are not apparent on the screen , and enough things work to make the film worthwhile .
Works only in spurts , like a robot with a faulty power supply .
It has two speeds -- obvious and more so .
So , would I like to trade in my wife for the latest Stepford model ? No thank you . But I 'd gladly take a shot at refurbishing Frank Oz into a competent filmmaker again .
It fails to fully engage the viewer in either the comedy or the darkness of the idea behind the comedy .
Would I see it again ? I 'd rather pass a kidney stone .
Premise of the original was far-fetched enough without writer Paul Rudnick and director Frank Oz turning everything into an over-the-top cartoon .
Very good dialogue , the rest of this stuff just falls apart .
Redundant and gutless -- as phony , prefab and programmed as its robotic housewives . It actually subverts the feminist message of the novel and first film ...
... a jumbled product that does n't really know what it wants to be or say .
Zeitgeist cinema for all the wrong reasons : a vapid , superficial film for a vapid , superficial era . The studio-sanctioned ` Scooby-Doo ' ending is simply unforgivable .
A glossy but tacky movie due to a tacked on , senseless ending
a long-winded , eighty minute setup for one elaborate , climatic Martha Stewart joke
Despite a few good chuckles , over the top satire never hits home .
A misbegotten Stepford Wives Club , which even the charter members will reject .
The Stepford Wives -LRB- is -RRB- ... bright and entertaining , but seems that , with the assembled cast and the talent behind the camera , much potential was wasted .
Yet , for all the laughs something is off .
Satirizing The Stepford Wives is pointless .
an often audacious movie that is just too serious about being campy .
This has the biggest plot hole in the history of movies .
Neither scary nor funny ... a cinematic clone gone terribly wrong .
A tepid satire , one afraid to really attack its targets .
The moral of this story makes perfect sense : perfection does n't work .
This Stepford Wives has a fair share of laughs . But it has little resonance or meaning .
None of it appears to be well thought out , or thought through , and it 's consequently never remotely believable .
Takes a desperately wrong turn about 45 minutes in , and you can almost hear the great sucking sound as the whole thing churns down the drain in a swirl of narrative contradictions .
Henceforth , I fear Stepford may acquire new metaphorical implications . It will mean interesting old movies remade into lobotomized new ones .
A great Provincetown drag show of The Stepford Wives .
Before it degenerates into a complete mess , it 's an entertaining mess , and something about its willingness to please maintains the audience 's goodwill throughout .
A comedy , with the screenwriting assignment awarded to Paul Rudnick , who delivers , per a subclause in the contract , a pretty decent one-liner every couple of minutes .
Rudnick outdoes himself with the number of one-line zingers and moments of visual humor he relentlessly slings at us , all filtered through a summery froth .
It fights a war that was largely long-ago victorious . It 's not clear why anyone thought it would be a good idea to readdress it .
If the film is to work on any level , even a comedic one , it 's necessary for the viewers to sympathize with Joanna and Walter . However , the script and scattershot performances keep them at arm 's length .
Neither the wit of the dialogue nor the excellence of the performances can overcome the emptiness of the story or its lack of imagination .
A movie with plenty of cracks in the plaster , but papered over with so many jokes that most people wo n't notice , or care .
A comedy that 's just too erratic and goofy to qualify as satire .
So god-awful it falls into the category of needing to be seen to be believed .
It 's the supporting actors who are the most fun .
Its tonal schizophrenia gets the best of it -- the material careens wildly between sly comedy and creeping suspense , with some ill-advised detours into Borscht-belt humor .
Rudnick has written some of the year 's sharpest comic dialogue for this threesome : Kidman , Bette Midler ... and Roger Bart .
Brisk , occasionally snarky and genuinely fun .
Rudnick utterly fails to find an emotional center for the film .
It 's a fluffy , dumbed-down version of an original .
There are some fabulous laughs along the way , but not quite enough to disguise the fact that the movie seems to have been tinkered with .
A stylish comedic re-imagining of the '70s feminist thriller , filled with witchy wit and war-of-the-sexes stingers as well as a number of delicious performances .
Rudnick 's screenplay is filled with smart dialogue and funny pop-culture references , including some well-observed parodies of reality TV programming .
Proves about as menacing as chiffon , the story too often shortchanges logic , and the ending exudes an aroma of desperation .
Often feels off , forced even .
There 's enough snappy comedy to keep this remake of the 1975 original afloat , thanks largely to the triple talent of three supporting actors : Bette Midler , Glenn Close and the far less famous but very funny Roger Bart .
Rudnick and director Frank Oz do n't do anything radical with the original premise ... but they choose comedy over horror , and it 's a wise decision .
Rudnick specializes in hurling poison darts . Here he throws armloads of them , and a surprising number hit the board .
Not unlike a Hummer , the flashy ` Stepford ' squanders plenty of precious natural resources while chugging down the road to nowhere .
Let 's just do everyone involved with The Stepford Wives a favor and wipe it from the slate .
In an age of runaway vanity , The Stepford Wives succeeds at scraping off bits of our cultural veneer but never digs deep into social issues like Ira Levin 's 1972 novel .
If this movie was a Stepford Wife , it would be pre-procedure - where the flaws are visible if you compare them to the other wives .
It is essentially a Stepford movie : A pretty clone with its brains removed , lurching about robotically and reciting predictable inanities .
Oz crams the film full of lame one-liners and does n't know if he 's making a dark comedy , a satire or what , as Broderick and Kidman breeze through their roles .
Satisfies several tastes without equaling one delicious meal .
It shows clear signs of filmmaking by committee .
It 's less a movie than a string of jokes , and it loses some momentum in the middle , but a surprising twist at the end helps to add a little zest .
I was ... stunned by the -LSB- film 's -RSB- noxious invective ...
A funny film , taking Ira Levin 's brilliant dystopic conceit in some surprising and surprisingly lighthearted directions .
An empty comedy that takes hackneyed potshots at consumerism .
Stepford Wives is a superb soufflé of smiles and a succulent serving of summer-style suburban spoof ... Read on - >
The film 's creepier moments are pathetically weak , and its thematic update fails to attain the minimal credibility that even a wild farce needs to sustain itself .
It has been steam-rolled onto the screen by director Frank Oz , camped up by playwright-screenwriter Paul Rudnick ... and sent into the world with little concern for continuity or narrative .
The idea behind The Stepford Wives is still a chiller , but this remake has some gaping plot holes .
There are laughs along the way , but the central Stepford Wife concept is the main running joke , and it 's too overly familiar to even be considered satire at this point .
The Stepford Wives may not be as perfect as Stepford 's manufactured denizens but , supported by a fabulous cast , it produces some genuine belly laughs just the same .
A dumbing down of the original , seeking broad comedy instead of intelligent satire .
Frank Oz 's madcap remake turns a dusty , second-rate thriller from 1975 into a loud and shiny postmodern farce .
You feel some of the strain in this immaculately shot , designed and costumed farce , but it 's fast and the cast is lively .
It displays all the intellectual heft of a beer commercial -- light beer at that .
Even its slyest and most insinuating moments are played broadly .
The remake transforms Levin 's cautionary tale into a confused confection that 's too busy snickering over suburban foibles to provoke any thoughts about gender politics , or even about entertaining skirmishes between the sexes .
Your local Pennysaver is more exciting .
A sporadically amusing , occasionally funny , but ultimately bland and pointless time killer .
A Frankenstein 's monster of a movie : clumsy , patched together from parts that do n't align properly , desperate to be loved , destined to be chased by mobs with pitchforks -- those will be the critics -- until it stumbles into its grave .
The Stepford Wives has been Stepfordized into a big-budget , star-heavy commodity , complete with computer effects and not-so-subliminal product placements .
Audiences that find themselves laughing at first will likely be fidgeting as the pic drifts toward a peculiar if oddly predictable climax , requiring -- much like the Stepford women -- that brains be checked at the door .
After a promising beginning and wayward middle , Stepford pulls itself together for a snappy finale .
As a clone of a movie about clones , The Stepford Wives leaves out too much of the sinister nature of the original , and does n't add quite enough new humor to be wholly satisfying .
The sting is gone .
At its best this is a CQ -LRB- as in chuckle quietly -RRB- comedy rather than an LOL -LRB- as in laugh out loud -RRB- affair .
All the efforts of director Frank Oz and writer Paul Rudnick to make the story funny feel slightly desperate and very strained .
This film is like me asking a woman out on date . It 's trying very hard and seems to be on the verge of success , but it ends in disaster no matter how earnest the approach .
Oz has made an interesting -- and entertaining -- choice . Instead of updating the story to make it more credible , he has gone the other way : milking its passé alarmism for laughs .
Plenty of broad comedy and scenarios that are as vacant as the title characters .
The new Stepford Wives , with its chocolate-box visual style , archly heavy-handed foreshadowing and its scene-for-scene parody of the original 's fright strategies ... is a gas .
The Stepford Wives fails to find a comfortable tone . The humor is never black enough , the plot never important enough .
The problem as I see it with The Stepford Wives has n't as much to do with the movie itself , as it has to do with the way the movie 's been marketed .
Does n't have the bite or the kick to qualify as a memorable black comedy .
Trying to be more antic and cuttingly funny , it misses the premise 's shivery tension .
A smugly scatterbrained movie development committee throws the sociological kitchen sink at anyone stupid enough to care about Ann Coulter .
does away with any of the cautionary edge the first adaptation had and replaces it with silly humor
In this ` Stepford , ' the threat is n't so much tradition-minded men but corporate mother hens such as Martha Stewart - the ones who want to bake their cakes and eat them too .
... a muddled movie that half-heartedly tries to land somewhere in between horror and comedy .
Represents the kind of lame brainstorm that finds its way onto a summer release schedule .
If Frank Oz ever gets the urge to make another movie about controlling women , he should go back to Miss Piggy . The Stepford Wives stinks .
... wily and engaging ...
spends too long in setting up , too long in wrapping up , and way too long not being funny
-LRB- Writer Paul -RRB- Rudnick plies the picture with witty wisecracks ... but happily shrugs off opportunities to explore the profuse potential for truly wry wit and social commentary .
In the new town of Stepford , there 's no bitterness , no struggle , no competition , none of the scars of the sexual revolution .
This is not just a bad film , it is a patently offensive one
A welcome new spin , a brash style , and more big laughs than expected on an old tale that still holds quite a bit of relevance .
One of the biggest messes in recent memory - an incoherent hack job that can never decide whether it wants to be a horror film , a social satire or a broad comedy .
A Stepford Wife itself : scrubbed clean of controversy , stupid and servile , and only ugly for the details and rationale behind its creation and the fact of its existence .
Falls as flat as a Stepford soufflé .
What a gutless and apologetic film this is ... Hollywood has never met a good idea that it could n't eviscerate .
Substituting horror for hilarity , this satiric jumble of half-baked social commentary and hit-or-miss jokes is an exercise in meta self-consciousness .


















@highlight

In exchanging the chilling satire of the original into mindless camp , this remake has itself become Stepford-ized .