Kells has a decidedly pleasing-to-the-eye , retro-cartoon vibe -LRB- ... -RRB- an intriguing and rare artistic subgenre
Very few animated films have had such a mesmerizing , puzzle-like quality .
This is perhaps the most enchanting and zealous animated endeavor you will see this side of the Pixar lineup .
... there 's never a point at which the viewer is wholeheartedly drawn into the admittedly simple narrative .
A unique film visually , but the story and characters are a bit weak and the pacing is a bit slow .
Steeped in both magic and mythology , The Secret Of Kells offers a refreshing alternative to Hollywood fare .
Combining a classic fairytale trajectory with a singular aesthetic that fuses Celtic and Christian mythology , this stunning film is yet another example of the rude health of contemporary animation .
Tomm Moore 's Irish animation , drawn with painstaking reference to both Celtic myth and medieval manuscripts , possesses a lively originality that shows Europe 's animators not far behind America 's and in some ways in front of them .
This understated Irish charmer deserves to reach a wider audience , if only to remind people that animation is a diverse medium that can be exploited in numerous ways to tell all sorts of stories .
Hand-drawn and watercoloured , the animation is as sublime as a stained-glass window .
The look of the film is simply ravishing .
A low-key pleasure .
A feast for the eyes that manages to be both whimsical and sinister .
While this is a handsome picture that laudably avoids patronising its audience , it 's not always as child-friendly as it might be .
Unlike anything else you 've seen , and very much worth seeking out , this is a unique and beautiful creation .
The story is a bit tangled , and there is too much of it packed into nearly 80 minutes , but little kids wo n't be bothered when the animation is so magical .
The movie equivalent of Kim Kardashian - delightful to look at in motion , but after a while you realise there 's not a lot going on .
Engaging , beautifully animated drama that plays like a children 's storybook come to life , with a strong message , appealing characters and a distinctive visual style .
An undeniably gorgeous film ... -LSB- that takes -RSB- some of the most unique pages in history and forces them into the unremarkable mold of every other heroic coming-of-age fantasy .
A gorgeous blend of the magical and the gloriously trippy .
A lovely film , clearly lovingly assembled .
A film revelatory and mysterious but whose appeal is no secret .
No , this is n't a great film , but it is a unique visual experience .
Colorful and imaginative , it 's a visual treat . Where the story comes in , however , it loses it 's footing .
Ironically , The Secret of Kells might be best served by watching it with the sound turned off . As a purely visual experience it has no peer .
A breathtaking mixture of Celtic mythology and creative animation .
At only 75 minutes in length , The Secret of Kells does n't waste a lot of time on its undernourished plot . Its images , however , will linger for much longer .
The Secret of Kells has elements of a quest adventure and a coming-of-age story , but it 's more beautifully stylized and astutely abstracted than the average kiddie cartoon .
Just a couple of minutes into this beautifully drawn , intricately rendered Irish import , you understand why the movie earned the Academy 's attention .
This is a feast for the eyes . Characters look like expressive , paper cut figures , Celtic knots provide `` frames '' for the images and there are lush , watercolor-like backgrounds .
Beautifully crafted and empathetic animation is brilliant - and a shortfall
In the end , the film is about a magical book , but you never really have a sense of what makes the book magical .
The herky-jerky storytelling is unsatisfying , and the characters may not even be vivid enough to qualify for two-dimensional .
A rather specialized picture , very unlike the usual children 's fare ... But as an example of sophisticated animation , this should certainly be appreciated by adult connoisseurs .
Both glorious to behold and a wonderful tale of the medieval struggle between Christianity and Celtic animism .
Is so wonderfully accomplished that it can stand on its own alongside the Book of Kells as a magnificently beautiful work .
Its hand-drawn two-dimensional animation springs to life with color and meticulous technique , filigreed and curlicued like the luminous book at its center .
With its themes of war and faith , along with just the right amount of cute , it 's pretty obvious why the Irish animated film got noticed by the Academy .
With as many disparate styles of animation there are in the world ... what we have here is a one-of-a-kind work of art .
Intricate , elaborate , mind-blowing visuals are only part of the spectacle in this animated fairy tale/history lesson .
Concludes in a wholly unpredictable way and emphasizes such lessons as the retainment of knowledge , art , and spirit as perhaps the most valuable act for any surviving society .
The film 's final image is a poetic paean to the Book 's living power -- a power that The Secret of Kells , like Aisling , recognizes without , perhaps , fully understanding .
If filmgoers ultimately feel bogged down in its densely layered fable and allegory , it 's a spectacular thicket to get lost in .
The soul of the film lies in its ravishing colors , and in exuberantly stylized images that pay homage to Celtic culture and design , together with techniques and motifs that evoke Matisse , Miyazaki and the minimalist cartoons of UPA .
... a must-see for animation fans , particularly those who are wearying of the computer animation look .
The Secret of Kells is a magical adventure unlike anything we 've seen on screen before .
A glorious throwback to the more stylized , painterly work of decades past , the kind of vividly colored , fanciful pictorials that are usually confined to the small-scale realm of animated shorts .
Before long the magic that enchanted the Academy voters enchanted me too .
I think it will appeal to children young enough to be untutored in boredom , and to anyone old enough to be drawn in , or to appreciate the artistry .
Wants to be old-fashioned but it just seems outdated , with an ugly , herky-jerky style that recalls the animated Clerks series .
A surprise Oscar nominee , Kells is a 2-D , hand-drawn throwback . That it 's even in the mix shows that story and artistry , no matter what tools are used , are the things .
This Irish feature wo n't impress anyone with its character drawings , but the backgrounds remind us what stunning imagery once resulted from nothing more than a pen and all the time in the world .
The Secret of Kells is gorgeous work , and its imagery and themes dovetail perfectly : a story about creating art , artfully created .
Kells is noteworthy for its unique , ornate design , its moments of silence -LRB- Moore is obviously a big Miyazaki fan -RRB- and gorgeous music .
A visually overwhelming labor of love , a hand-drawn medieval adventure tale that seeks and finds cosmic connections .
has a pungent nostalgia for the stories told to us before we drift off and dream .
It 's the way the visuals tap into medieval Celtic art that elevates this Oscar-nominated animation from Tomm Moore and Nora Twomey ...
The CGI artwork is masterful and the whole of The Secret of Kells has the appearance of the illuminated manuscript that is at its center .
Magical animated adventure is intense but beautiful
Regrettably , the film 's story is so busy yet flat that the effect is n't magical -- it 's more like watching the tale of some very enchanted wallpaper .
Melding history and mythology with faith , it 's an Irish treat .
What sets `` The Secret of Kells '' apart is the artistic ingenuity of working Celtic design into everything from scaffolding to the Abbot 's face .
A picture that relies on a potpourri of cubist and impressionistic sensibilities to tell a standard coming-of-age story in a way it 's not been told before .
A stunningly beautiful animated feature from Ireland centered around The Book of Kells and the fire power of faith wedded to imagination .
It is only fitting that a movie concerned with the power and beauty of drawing -- the almost sacred magic of color and line -- should be so gorgeously and intricately drawn .
There 's something kind of captivating about a film that 's been painstakingly drawn to glorify the craft of illustration -- and that 's comfortable using retro techniques .
It 's easy to see how the animation nominators fell in love with this charmer based on Celtic mythology , which is quite unlike anything I 've ever seen before .
Meticulous drawing helps compensate for this cartoon feature 's obscure storyline .
A beguiling kaleidoscopic indulgence for the eyes and soul .
Its saving grace is directors Tomm Moore and Nora Twomey 's decision to follow the style of lluminated manuscripts.The movie glows .
Flowery meadows , wafting dandelion clocks , packs of baying wolves -- all are grist for the film 's palette of beauty .
Majestic animation fails to conjure a sense of enchantment in The Secret of Kells , a beautiful two-dimensional work devoid of dramatic vigor .
... the ornate design of its execution tempers the tale with a whimsical sense of curiosity and imagination .
A riff on medieval history , religion and Celtic mythology , the subject matter may be a tad obscure for American audiences , but the exquisite art and fairytale ambience will win over animation fans and children alike .
The Secret of Kells is eye candy sweeter than most . It 's mesmerizing in its never-ending innovation and caloric in pure creativity .
The Secret of Kells remains a feast for the eyes , breaking the stasis of the genre with an inspired tale , lovingly crafted by exceptional filmmakers .
Kids weaned on Pixar may look down on Brendan , but as with Miyazaki , it 's a parental duty to drag them along to this captivatingly original take on Old School animation .
With its jewel-bright colors and intricate use of lines , the result is absolutely luscious to behold .
Captivatingly creative but over-fussy in terms of story , this is still an entertaining and accomplished debut .
It 's a gorgeous film with a unique , handcrafted style all its own . But it lacks a narrative that matches its dazzling technique .

@highlight

Beautifully drawn and refreshingly calm , The Secret of Kells hearkens back to animation 's golden age with an enchanting tale inspired by Irish mythology .