The two central performances ultimately save the movie .
Even the presence of Mark Wahlberg and Russell Crowe ca n't save Broken City , which simply succeeds in making all its characters look silly .
Broken City may not be the most original film , but it 's a good-looking and lightly entertaining one .
The essence of `` Broken City '' is forgettable , and that 's its only strength . Once it 's over , you wo n't be bothered to think about it ever again .
It 's a local-government corruption thriller that does n't care about logic or consistency or the people watching it .
Broken City is passable , occasionally entertaining but ultimately uninspiring .
A complete mess , this drama is packed with sophomoric political ideas , unfocused storylines and inane dialogue .
the screenplay , filled with hackneyed implausibilities and trite characterization , constantly lets everyone down
It is predictable procedural fodder - you can see the `` twists '' coming a mile away - but done with enough conviction to paper over the plot holes and cliches .
It has ideas and , in places , verve , but it ca n't help but feel like a pretty standard thriller with some big names rather erroneously attached
Alarm bells started ringing when every terse exchange proved chuckle worthy .
A solidly old-fashioned crime thriller that ploughs the familiar furrow of cops , crooks and corruption in New York City .
Welcome to the broken city ... where honorable anti-heroes with dark pasts can get double-crossed and mixed up with good guys who 're really bad guys ... where doing the right thing will put you IN TOO DEEP . It 's a drag to be here .
Aside from feeling bemused and confused by the end , the web of deceit that 's presented is not even vaguely believable .
Acting drunk looks easy but its certainly not . So when Wahlberg hits the bottle , we are treated to what must be the most laughable screen lush in cinema history .
In the end , the cards fall roughly where you 'd expect them to in a clichéd thriller .
Broken City may break new ground when it comes to pioneering cinematic scowls , but that 's the only area where the cast is able to elevate the banal material .
The results are as jaded and dull as Crowe 's performance .
It 's moderately enjoyable , well acted and both complicated and simplistic .
Mark Wahlberg builds a credible and complex charaterisation as the flawed character whose route to redemption is paved with treachery . He 's the best thing going for Broken City
Excelling in the smarmy stakes , Russell Crowe is back in form as a crooked New York Mayor ...
While this thriller plays with themes of political ethics and ambition , it merely lets them simmer in the background . Director Hughes is clearly much more interested in macho posturing and the convoluted scandal-based plot .
Wahlberg and Crowe . Together at last . So overwhelming . Ca n't breathe for testosterone . Ca n't even write complete sentences .
When it comes to long-form tales of political intrigue , television serials are fast encroaching on cinema 's patch , and if this very ordinary thriller is the best Hollywood can do , it might as well cede the whole territory .
When a high-powered cast like this is gathered , you have the right to expect more than mundanity .
Although Broken City promises more than is ultimately delivered , it remains an easy to indulge in thriller .
It does n't really ring true but it 's fun and well performed .
A wannabe Chinatown that looks as if it has been lying on a dusty shelf for three decades .
Without the foundation of a strong script , there is nothing that could be done to fix Broken City .
It 's stolid , it 's dogged , it knows where it 's going . Back and forth around the same old scenery .
A thin plot is taken further than it wants to go .
There 's a frustrating lack of depth to the script , so it never quite manages to exert an emotional grip .
Top cast , terrible script .
Broken City opens solid and closes solid , and is engaging for those looking for a slickly made and well-acted Saturday night crime suspenser .
I would n't call it gripping , but it 's compelling enough to make you keep watching - and the performances lift a script which could be better .
Somewhere in here there 's a cogent , timely attack on the links between business and politics .
We 've seen all this before , and done much better .
Even though it reminds you of any number of other , better pulpy variations on this theme , it 's pretty watchable and at least Crowe does n't get to sing .
Forget it , Jake , it 's no Chinatown .
The movie is thoroughly entertaining . But it is entertaining in a way that , though you enjoy each scene on its own , after it 's over and you think of the work as a whole , you ca n't help but be less than impressed .
An excellent cast , but what a turkey . `` Broken City '' wallows in its terrible plotting .
Forgive some misconceived scenes and weird directorial decisions , and there 's enough charisma and intrigue onscreen for a decent wallow in wickedness .
Hughes brings visual flair along with a competent cast to an otherwise mundane combination of silly plot twists and unrealized noir ideas that nevertheless does n't fulfill its potential given some of the topical subject matter .
City offers star power , dashes of dazzle and plenty of movie nods . But Hughes ' thriller fails to locate a life of its own .
Some corrupt politicians will stop at nothing to be elected .
... a perfunctory and distressingly forgettable piece of work .
Feels , looks and sounds like it 's pouting that it ca n't be a smoldering 1940s pulp detective drama instead of a modern-day crime thriller that needs to lure audiences into multiplexes alongside screens offering far more bang for the buck .
If you 're in the mood for some slick trash featuring great actors slumming it without phoning it in , `` Broken City '' is a crackling good time .
Misfires on all cylinders .
A political thriller that 's never quite as smart as you wish it were .
Broken City starts and sputters , never blazing a clear path to the redemption for which its characters yearn . All the ingredients are here , but everything just ends up half baked .
Despite its talent , ` Broken City ' is an unremarkable film . Soon enough , most everyone will forget about it . It 's not ` Chinatown . '
Mark Wahlberg 's charisma elevates this run of the mill drama to above average entertainment .
What the movie lacks and desperately needs is personality .
To paraphrase Roman Polanski 's masterful noir , it 's not Chinatown .
Most of the roles are so ambiguous you end up scratching your head in the final reel , and some of the loose ends are so irrelevant they seem to have ended up on the cutting-room floor .
What follows is not a review ; it 's an autopsy ... one long -LRB- illustrated ! -RRB- spoiler .
Planted smack-dab in the middle of the January dumping season -- where cinematic stinkers are unleashed to dirty the elbows of Oscar hopefuls -- Broken City is slotted exactly where it belongs .
The picture comes out swinging with both a conscience and a set of brass knuckles ; it also features a Russell Crowe who does n't , thankfully , sing . What 's not to love ?
Hughes ca n't seem to find the balance between a brainy procedural and accomplished genre picture that he seems to be striving for .
Crowe , so tanned and coiffed that he looks like he belongs on a copper coin , plays the mayor as a boss out of the '40s , a heartless string-puller who thinks he owns the city .
A muscular but middling thriller of sprawling political corruption whose reach exceeds its grasp .
A junkpile of cliches that would be laughable were it not so utterly tedious .
A mundane melodrama , filled with caricatures instead of characters .
It never gets that exciting , slows down with unnecessary plot points , and is n't anything more than a breezy Saturday afternoon cable movie .
-LSB- An -RSB- overproduced , underobserved , yet agreeably twisty new political thriller ...
`` Broken City '' safely navigates shallow waters and floats by as a mediocre thriller without emerging as a standout crime film or a total flop .
Did these people - or even these people 's people - not bother to read the script first ?
It is going to take more than a few A-list actors to improve this `` Broken City '' .
Broken City has many good individual ideas and elements , but they never add up to a thoroughly satisfying whole . Thanks to a fine cast though , the finished product lands a bare few inches above mediocrity .
At no point during the film was there a shred of doubt in my mind about where things would end up .
with half of the Hughes Brothers , you end up with less than half of a film
How low can Russell Crowe and Mark Wahlberg go ? This is one filmic limbo that hits the floor with a dull thud .
If you need a pithy , Twitter-ready review for Broken City it would be `` Forget it Jake , it 's not Chinatown . ''
is torpid when it should be tense , lumbers when it should gallop .
Broken City is only worthwhile for die-hard fans of the actors involved or those who do n't need a clear narrative to enjoy a gritty odyssey through the NYC underbelly .
Broad , splashy pieces of easily digestible narrative , visual and character components , but at least they provide an easy ride into a cheesy , lazily imagined New York political scandal .
Not the most original idea for a script .
For nearly two hours , `` Broken City '' keeps us guessing as to the outcome , and for a mid-winter escape , there 's nothing wrong with that .
It is not that Broken City -- boasting a cast worth big expectations -- is bad , exactly . But it is deeply mediocre . When they say television dramas are getting the better of the movies , this is the sort of middling outing that proves it .
Stars Wahlberg , Crowe and Zeta-Jones give yeomen 's effort to fleshing out their respective characters but those characters lack dimension .
Broken City is one of those movies in which characters keep reminding you that nothing is what it seems , and sure enough , there 's more going on here than mere infidelity . But the audience is hard-pressed to follow exactly what it is .
A solid , if unexceptional , urban crime yarn .
The film is a collection of crime noir oddments that do n't add up to a full meal .
Political thriller mixes violence , language , drinking , sex .
When any film works , it 's a miracle ; when it does n't , it 's this .
A more-than-pleasant change from the month 's parade of horror films and trash comedies .
Like the film 's shady mayor , `` Broken City '' is a little too slick for its own good .
There 's rarely a believable moment ...
You may want to account for low expectations , but the crime drama `` Broken City '' turns out to be much better -- and funnier and more suspenseful -- than both trailer and release date portend .
`` Broken City '' is a completely forgettable film . It 's not a terrible movie ; it features a solid cast and polished directing by Allen Hughes . It 's not all that good either .
` Broken City ' is n't a bad movie . Just an unremarkable one . It plays like imitation Sidney Lumet . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
-LSB- Broken City -RSB- is only a slight film that might be worth a rental .
A tedious , needlessly-convoluted clunker .
The movie has a good skeezy kick , and its pleasures , however minor , ca n't be entirely written off .
A twisting but talky political potboiler .
Sadly , Wahlberg and Crowe put in strong performances with utter junk for material
What can you say about a story that takes so long to unfold but does n't take the time to flesh out its characters ?
`` Broken City '' at least stays true to its title : this is one crooked metropolis beyond repair .
While Broken City is hardly revolutionary , it 's a slyly entertaining cop saga that leans more heavily on acting and dialogue than gunplay and chases .
A scattered drama that ca n't be bothered to play by its own rules making for an uneven , inconsistent viewing experience .
Has the look , pacing and thoroughly invested performances of a classic thriller . It does not , unfortunately , have the substance or the end game .
In the end , Wahlberg knows what he needs to know and takes sober satisfaction in a job well done . And the audience knows everything , too , but is less satisfied .
Few , if any , of the characters are believable and the twists the story takes are telegraphed well beforehand , or fairly guessable . Much of the plot gets bogged down with excess exposition .
I would n't be at all surprised to learn that the script ... had been sitting around , unproduced , for 20 years , it 's that musty in too many incomprehensible ways .
As a New Yorker I feel the need to give ` Broken City ' a light recommendation .
See through the contrivances and Broken City is taut , potent genre entertainment , girded by a stellar cast .
It 's too bad to see top talent slumming in an underwritten , under-thought , under-whelming piece of multiplex fodder .
Nothing clicks , nothing resonates , everything 's broken .
Its premise fails to pull the viewer in because it goes off on too many tangents and the few twists are so obvious you immediately can figure out where it 's heading .
It 's frustrating , because the cast is so natty and ready for action .
The only reason to see this dreary parade of deception and venality is Mark Wahlberg 's performance as a disgraced ex-cop caught up in the thick of menacing events he ca n't understand .
`` Broken City '' wants to get heavy about politics and corruption , but all it 's really saying is : 'T was ever thus .
As an opportunity for hard-boiled types to trade threats , blows and caustic banter , this modern-day noir works reasonably well .
Every important character is sketched out to a point of engagement , only to be allowed to drift off into a vague vapor . There are exceptions , but not enough to make this anything other than standard issue genre fare , albeit one of solid craft .
The movie 's strategy is to smear all its characters with a taint of corruption ; it turns New York into a city so broken that no character is without moral culpability .
Another January dud . Broken City drops hot-shot actors in a quicksand of clichés and watches them sink .
Broken City ? More appropriately , Broken Movie .
`` Broken City '' is a fractured movie .
Wahlberg does what Wahlberg does , bringing muscular conviction to his troubled , tough-guy role . The city may be broken , but the movie star 's formula is working fine .
In trying to super-size its suspenseful interests , Broken City becomes a broken record , hitting formulaic notes of fraud when the script is more convincing as a visceral study of men behaving badly .
A zigzagging thriller that is equally satisfying and forgettable .
Squanders a way-too-good cast in a meandering , not very compelling cop-and-political corruption story that plays like a half-hearted homage to Sidney Lumet
Wahlberg , at least , keeps the story watchable . But even he ca n't fix what 's irreversibly broken .
You could do worse on a slow Saturday night when there 's nothing else on cable . But as the implausibilities and conspiracies and double-crosses pile up , `` Broken City '' paints itself into a corner .
Hughes manages to accomplish a feat I would have never thought cinematically possible : He creates a white-knuckle scene from a mayoral debate about zoning policy .
A thrill-free , strangely sluggish political potboiler .
`` Broken City '' ? More like `` Broken Movie . ''
Less than 24 hours later , I recall it with all the clarity of something I half-watched on a plane with a hangover in 1996 .
A workmanlike drama with less-than-total command of its tone .
The actors look generally unhappy to be here , most of all Crowe , who seems even more miserable than he did in Les Misérables .
As it turns out , there are eight million and one stories in the naked city .
Did `` Broken City '' have to be quite so dull and humorless and artificial ?
In spite of some punchy scenes , crackling dialogue , and fine performances , Broken City is hopelessly overmatched . It has Academy Award dreams , but a detective-show heart .
New Yorkers would never elect a man for mayor who wears bangs .
Tired and predictable .
Like Billy , the movie means well but is n't that smart . Unlike Hostetler , Broken City shows little interest in getting its hands dirty .
Allen Hughes may suggest an air of pretty menace , but he does little to make the sequence work as a legible genre scene .
There 's nothing actively offensive about Broken City , but there 's nothing memorable or interesting about it , either .
. . is n't awful , just kind of pale and predictable . . It 's got a big wind-up - but not much on the ball .
Flawed , but gritty , ambitious -- a thriller that hides its secrets well .
Somewhat passable in spite of its familiarity .
A movie with Lumet-ian aspirations which , like the corrupt NYC mayor at its center , can barely handle the weight of its own ambitions .
Broken City is an evocative and over-ambitious title for a so-so political potboiler that wants to be a gritty , expansive epic of moral and urban decay .
Would have made for a fine film noir 60 years ago but feels rather contrived and unbelievable in the setting of contemporary New York .
Everything is simultaneously too complicated and overly spelled out .
Not meaty enough or unique enough to register as anything other than a couple of hours of unspectacular cinema .


@highlight

Broken City 's thinly sketched , formulaic script offers meager rewards for all but the least demanding noir aficionados .