With its classic poise and careful setting , Zemeckis ' latest film works better the closer he gets to suspense and ... worse when he succumbs to the melodrama . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Despite the star power , glossy look and interesting premise , Allied feels like a missed opportunity from director Robert Zemeckis and screenwriter Steven Knight .
By the time the ending wrapped -- and the way the ending wrapped up -- I will say allied is a good time no alcohol required .
Insipid is almost too easy a word to describe Zemeckis ' new movie .
I ca n't say I believed a minute of Allied , but from its captivating opening shot -LRB- Pitt parachuting into the desert -RRB- to its misguided sentimental epilogue -LRB- I wo n't say more -RRB- , the well-crafted Allied is dressed for a success it never really achieves .
Allied is 1/3rd espionage action , 1/3rd World War II-era romance , 1/3rd relationship trust thriller , and 100 % riveting
Allied offers a bit of everything .
Though a war story on one level , this is especially a look at a pretend couple in Casablanca .
This is certainly not a classic like the yesteryear Casablanca , yet if story-telling and subtle performances do it for you , give it a shot .
The film does have a modest , commercial watchability , but Steven Knight 's screenplay never quite convinces , while Zemeckis seems to believe that with enough camels , vintage Citroën cars and urgent wartime sex , he 'll have a big hit on his hands .
Allied is a by the book , old-fashioned wartime romance flick . It 's not bad , but it 's not really good , either .
That sweeping , old-Hollywood feel is definitely present .
The finale wo n't have you reaching for your hankie as much as checking your watch .
-LSB- Maropm -RSB- Cotillard is majestic .
You 're much better off rewatching Inglourious Basterds .
We were always taught `` if you ca n't say something nice , do n't say anything at all . '' Here endeth my review of `` Allied . ''
Take a step back , and the film 's melodramatic intrigue begins to look shaky , but there are so many sequences of high suspense you might not even notice .
Zemeckis has said in interviews that Hollywood does n't make this kind of movie anymore . Too true . And there 's an obvious reason why .
The film seem -LRB- s -RRB- top-heavy , action wise , and a bit awkward .
There 's no denying the pair 's dazzling old Hollywood star power is well-suited to a film clearly in love with the era .
Allied has good moments and manages to entertain with its action sequences , but unfortunately it does n't have enough energy to impact like the movie that tries to convince us that it is . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
` Allied ' begins as an action film with a specific mission , which then becomes a game of suspense that leads to pure and hard melodrama . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Two great leads ca n't overcome clunky dialogue and a story that overextends a healthy suspension of disbelief .
Pitt 's performance in Allied is a watching-the-gears-turn curiosity , that although conjures some genuinely raw and compelling moments of brilliance , if often undercut by more moments of over thinking his role .
Robert Zemeckis ' movie , with its nods to golden era classics , trades on our pleasure in watching the two leads together on the screen . They are in turn dynamic when engaged and beautiful in repose , and between them they obscure the picture 's failings .
The setting is good , although there are times when digital effects are perceived . Cotillard knows how to do her thing but Brad Pitt is n't convincing . Still , it 's a recommendable film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film 's attempt to look modern makes it an average product . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
` Allied ' is eager to belong to lineage of ` Casablanca ' and even though it happens in the same city , its characters lack the fire and intensity of a Hollywood classic because of a mediocre script . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Another well-made film by Zemeckis . Plus , it has Don Burgess and Alan Silvestri as photographer and composer , respectively . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There are moments of brilliance dotted throughout that help Allied overcome enough of its shortcomings to make it predominantly watchable .
The charisma and glamour of its cast , the impeccable reconstruction of the era and the irresistible old fashioned vibe makes Allies a real peculiarity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Allies is presented as a romantic drama . But eventually it seems to going nowhere . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Mel Gibson returns to the 40 's with this movie to make Christian propaganda , and to the 80 's to film an excessive violence that disguises of honor . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A romantic thriller that because of Brad Pitt , its premise , and other elements refers to Mr. and Mrs. Smith , but results in a complex film about loyalty , doubt and confidence . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Allied -RSB- is the worst kind of hippie-pacifist revisionist fantasy , and it conforms to the now trendy condemnation of Western imperialism and history by progressives .
The stars look fabulous together , but their mutual lack of frisson suggests that little is at stake .
For love , for country or for suspense , Allied packages the timeworn love-in-the-time-of-war trope with dutiful , uninspiring attention .
Brad Pitt , that Inglourious Basterd , is hunting Nazis again ...
Director Robert Zemeckis treats the story like the writing exercise that it is - neither Max nor Marianne come to life as human beings .
Allied fabricates a wish-fulfillment idea of Golden Age Hollywood melodrama-star-crossed gossip and all-for a 21st-century cinema that has increasingly little time for it .
Although costumes and sets look suitably glorious , there 's little on-screen magic between co-stars Brad Pitt and Marion Cotillard .
It 's all rather pretty and prettily tense , but it mists away like so much stardust .
There are definite high points in this , like the detailed production design ; Cotillard 's performance , which throws in just enough intrigue and misdirection to keep you guessing ; and Jared Harris ... But there are problems , too .
Bombs away !
Good , but not great
Much of it is patently ridiculous , but its emotional core ensures that it escapes camp , and approximates the melodramatic heft of Casablanca .
Allied flirts with more feeling , depth and interest than it shows .
Phew ! They do n't make them like this any more . Come to think of it , they never have made them quite like this . A most unfamiliar return to the familiar .
Allied explains more about war , dependency , and human nature in general than just about any other film in theaters this pre-holiday season . It 's recommended , especially for people who usually have no time for war movies .
A perfectly enjoyable , tonally imperfect old-style wartime espionage romp ... -LSB- director Robert -RSB- Zemeckis has never had trouble moving a film , and his love of camera work , mood setting and brisk editing give a great polish to Allied .
There 's too much polish on the actors and far too little on the script .
` Allied ' wants to be so much more than it is .
For all the effort poured into period recreation , the world of the film remains abstract , bordering on fantasy .
As effective as it is old-fashioned , the riveting romantic thriller Allied starts out strongly reminiscent of the classic Casablanca , before veering confidently into territory that once belonged to the likes of Hitchcock .
It often feels like two different movies - when it 's in thriller mode , it 's a genuinely compelling film but the sweeping romantic period drama does n't work nearly as well .
In Allied , two spies conduct a hot-and-heavy operation in Casablanca before settling down to marriage and succumbing to mistrust . Sounds about right .
Nothing about Wing Commander Max Vatan makes sense . He breezes in and out of the film with all the presence of a deodorising sports stick .
Underneath its impeccably-tailored glad rags , however , Allied is about as animated as one of Madame Tussaud 's waxwork dummies .
For all the admirable technical aspects , the core emotion the film desperately wants to convey is too distant .
Superbly designed and filmed , Allied is a film for grown ups that appreciate drama which reflects life that is not seen through a fake cinematic filter
Love and betrayal are the themes of this sweeping love story in which star power and intrigue keep us on tenterhooks throughout
A movie that plummets from its final , like that plane wrapped in flames that collapses towards the family home , towards a disappointing solution and a leftover epilogue . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Robert Zemeckis makes a great old fashioned romantic spy movie that delivers a great pairing between Brad Pitt and Marion Cotillard .
While the film definitely verges on something that Don Draper may have created , it does have glimmers of real heart and purpose ...
A film that ends up lacking nerve , emotion and life . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A competent film with an old school style but results in a impossible copy of a time that will never return . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Paying homage to movies that are iconic does n't wash as an excuse for trafficking in clichés .
Though with the talented Robert Zemeckis at the helm , Allied seldom showcases his trademark focused and proficient direction , which is therefore not enough to raise the film above its many aching flaws .
-LSB- Once again -RSB- Zemeckis seems more concerned with the process than the outcome , resulting in a film that might have been interesting to make but is n't very interesting to watch .
The movie rashly invites an obvious comparison , but there 's only one Casablanca . Still , this solemn , romantic melodrama bears up under the comparison surprisingly well .
Cotillard is the sole bright spot , and even she risks being upstaged by her fantastic wardrobe .
Allied is a functional and an effective WWII spy thriller . It 's just not as captivating or engaging of a romance-drama that it sells itself to be .
A boring WWII spy story whose well-known stars have little chemistry between them .
Zemeckis is a master of the big , broad Oscar-bait drama , and he makes the most of a well-constructed screenplay by Steven Knight -LRB- Dirty Pretty Things , Eastern Promises -RRB-
Zemeckis 's formidably staunch and precise technique , itself a nostalgic vestige of classic Hollywood movies , seals up the movie 's joints and keeps the air of life out ; it 's a suffocated , lifeless adventure .
This tale of spies in love , which is old-fashioned in its storytelling , mostly in a good way , has enough charm to be worth a look .
That the two stars dress and look so good in Allied is fitting in a film that feels only skin deep .
All of which makes me wish I was happier with the finished film more than I actually am .
Allied wants to be a classic tale of war , deception and doomed love , but despite the calibre of all involved , it 's simply a fitfully entertaining but oddly-plotted affair .
Here 's an old-fashioned adventure that could have been made at the height of the classical Hollywood period with almost no modifications , a throwback in the truest sense .
Thanks to the technical prowess from those behind the camera , and Marion Cotillard 's dedicated lead performance , it 'll feel like time well-spent at the cinema .
Allied 's ultimate triumph ? That would be making us long for that long-gone time captured in the film .
The film is lensed beautifully , while attention to period detail is superb in all areas , from the costumes to the production design , expertly evoking the era .
Allied is technically immaculate from stem to stern . Every shot framed by Don Burgess feels purposeful , every one of Mick Audsley and Jeremiah O'Driscoll 's cuts precise .
Allied is a throwback , not only because it harkens back to some of the great espionage thrillers of decades past , but because with Pitt and Cotillard , you feel like you 're watching true movie stars , the kind you 'd see on -LSB- a -RSB- black-and-white newsreel .
While it makes for a moderately amusing evening out , this World War Two espionage-romance caper does n't stand up to a lot of scrutiny .
The larger themes still grab hold , asking the question of how well we can ever know someone , even if we love and trust them unconditionally .
Allied 's strong sense of déjà vu sure makes it look nice . But it sure does n't help make it a great film .
Allied just might be the most disappointing film of the year . It 's certainly one of the most boring .
Despite the star power and what might have been a delightfully confounding premise , Zemeckis is never able to breathe much in the way of life into the proceedings .
One of the strengths of this film resides in the ambience , making it seem like an homage to the films rolled in the period in which it occurs . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Allied aims for the epic sweep and tragic grandeur of old-school romances , but it just winds up looking old .
Allied emerges as a curiously underwhelming affair that fails to do justice to the talents involved , or even the complexity of the story it is attempting to tell .
As a tribute to old-time Hollywood genre moviess , Allied is the goods -- stylish , suspenseful , utterly artificial .
Well-dressed but highly improbable .
Sluggish , stylized and superficial ...
As the film twists and turns in its final act , even Cotillard is undone by a subtext of self-preservation the screenplay never addresses .
Allied is a solid WW2 thriller thanks to Zemeckis 's careful orchestration ... but one can only imagine his frustration at getting a lead like Brad Pitt , only to see him tank on camera and sap the story 's energy .
The romantic chemistry between Pitt and Cotillard is more of a light microwaving than scorching sensual flame . But I liked the movie anyway .
Ravishing without being riveting , this is polished period entertainment in the traditional matinee sense . But Casablanca it ai n't .
Zemeckis ... seems uncertain whether to treat the tale as a wrenching saga of split loyalties or as a glamorous jaunt . Having gathered all the ingredients for derring-do , he forgets to turn up the heat , and the derring never does .
A tense , well-done thriller , even if underwhelming in various aspects , and fairly forgettable -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
An elegant and understated movie for adults , one that 's as unfussy as it is engaging .
You really do wonder : what was the point ?
The real problem is Pitt , who gives his flattest , most uninteresting performance this side of Troy .
The picture works better as a portrait of a man worried about what his wife might be withholding from him than it does as a WWII story .
An old-fashioned WW II romantic spy drama that has no sizzle .
... succeeds more in evoking better films from a bygone era than breaking new ground on its own .
Tepid pace dooms `` Allied . ''
A fascinating hybrid of bleeding-edge technology and old-fashioned flair . Allied 's innovations point to the future of cinema , but its pleasures are in the fundamentals .
When things do heat up , it wo n't make anyone ever forget Bogart and Bergman , but this handsome couple is given enough room to keep us intrigued .
Imagine if you did n't buy into the core romance of `` Romeo & Juliet . '' The ending would n't have as much impact , and that 's the case here . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Sex , etc. - also Available -RRB-
What a handsome empty shell of a movie Allied is . Despite the star power of Brad Pitt and Marion Cotillard , their scenes together fail to ignite even a glimmer of a spark .
What could have been a great , intense tale of betrayal , suspicion and romance ends up being a bit of a turkey .
A stodgy snoozefest that - at least to begin with - plays out like an unintentional spoof .
Brad Pitt and Marion Cotillard find themselves at the centre of not just one but two of the most risible scenes of the year .
It is not the tearjerker it aspires to be . No chemistry ? Or too much ? Litmus test required . Lovely Lysanders , though .
Its story and dialogue are so straightforward and comforting that even when you think you can hear the next beat coming-and you will-the finale still comes as a cathartic surprise .
... a scintillating work of cinematic nostalgia , if one that 's limited by a few contemporary elements -LRB- green screens , Brad Pitt -RRB- .
Oscar-winner Cotillard is a strong , spiky presence as Marianne and an older-looking Pitt is suitably handsome and dashing in a role that seems tailor-made for a young Robert Redford .
It befits a relic from the past . And I mean that in the most complimentary way .
An worthy film because of its elegant visual finish and the great work of its two protagonists . Unfortunately , it also shows several flaws that might be insalvables the viewers that do n't connect with Pitt and Cotillard . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The underwhelming atmosphere is compounded by a palpable lack of chemistry between the two leads ...
Remember when old school movie glamour and romance mattered ? Allied sure does .
It 's a by-the-cliché love-and-war romp anxious to invoke Casablanca yet directed with pastel-toned inertia , going on paralysis , by an ex-Roger Rabbit director who seems caught in the headlights of a new , if hardly challenging -LRB- you 'd think -RRB- , challenge .
There 's such a total absence of chemistry between Pitt and Cotillard it 's a wonder the Nazis do n't rumble them immediately . The film falls painfully flat .
A strong picture in design and escalation , earning its transformation into an askew love story with a chilling but appropriate conclusion .
Glamour is part of the appeal - and also part of the movie 's game of asking whether a pretty face could be a mask for deception .
Like they did in the golden era of cinema ; slip into a dark movie theater and lose yourself in this impossible , irresistible world .
They do n't make 'em like they used to , except when they do .
Despite all the plot holes and the flimsy premise , this is an entertaining , highly romantic film . If you want logic , read Aristotle ; if you want an enjoyable , entertaining few hours , see this film .
Well THAT was different .
The filmmaking and performances in Allied are both capable . The problem lies in the story -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- and its execution .
It 's revisionist World War II romance . Feel free to resist it , if you must . For more enjoyment , just go with it .
Allied wo n't go down in history alongside Casablanca , but that wo n't be from lack of trying .
The whole movie feels like an homage , and it plods .
Allied is most compelling as a dramatic spy thriller - less so as a sweeping romance that unfolds against the backdrop of WWII .
Robert Zemeckis ' war drama exploring love in a time of war is nearly undone by an uncharacteristically uncharismatic performance by star Brad Pitt .
A script that regularly comes unaccountably unhinged , and a performance by Pitt that is puzzling , all but put the kaybosh on greatness .
Allied is the date movie to see this Thanksgiving . It 's a thematically dark story and a solid romance . Marion Cotillard and Brad Pitt are a dynamic duo .
Mr. and Mrs. Smith meets Inglourious Basterds . Pitt and Cotillard are worth watching , even if you do n't quite buy the film .
Robert Zemeckis directed this WWII suspense thriller , which is both clumsy and irresistible .
Allied is entertaining in places . With a bit more grime on the lens and a less hammy male lead , it could have been a very worthy war movie .
There are many unintentionally funny moments in a movie that wants to be taken seriously but is derailed by listless direction , tired acting , and a corny script .
Not as good as it could , or should , have been but still an entertaining WW2 yarn .
Allied proves that Zemeckis can still tell great , small-scaled stories , crafting a tight , compelling period drama driven by a pair of fantastic lead performances .
The film 's focus on character development and tone makes it feel , satisfyingly , like a movie we 'd watch late at night on Turner Classic Movies .
An old-fashioned film that slyly nods to contemporary sensibilities , `` Allied '' is an engaging showcase for Pitt and Cotillard .
Pitt and Cotillard are n't convincing as a couple , although she tries harder than he does . They 're lost amidst the sandstorms and plane crashes that Zemeckis is so good at conjuring .
Despite some chemistry issues , Allied is a tense , unpredictable World War II romance drama that reinforces the notion that love is a battlefield .
The pie-eyed adoration of cinema past beautifully complements a tale of two people -LRB- characters and performers both -RRB- who pretend for a living .
Period perfect , pristine and unbelievable , first scene to last
The characters are so marginally observed by both the actors and the script there is no tension in the themes .
`` Allied '' has plenty working in its favor , but a Hollywood classic it 's not . It just looks like one .
A truly romantic love story against the backdrop of World War II . `` Allied '' may not be considered perfect , but it 's a wonderful example of the way movies used to be made .
Zemeckis just keeps churning out the hits .
In general , Allied gets strong marks for the chemistry between Pitt and Cotillard , plus the beautiful visuals created by Zemeckis .
A bitter disappointment .
Pitt , wonderful here , thrives in films that do n't ask for a mugging , simple punchline ... Meanwhile , Cotillard dominates the film as both subject and object .
Too often it feels like a shallow copy of the movies it 's imitating ... shot on exquisitely decorated locations that look more like soundstages than actual streets and homes .
Tries so hard to be a modern Casablanca - and then imagine what the tale would be like if Rick and Ilsa actually got together - that it shoots down a lot of its finer points .
Allied is n't a great film but it 's made with sufficient care and skill that it deserves to be seen .
Allied is pretty decent , but it could have been so much better .
Its moral complexities and political ambiguities are intriguing rather than troubling , its ethical and emotional agonies a diversion from rather than a reflection of our own . Which is just fine with me .
When a World War II romance/spy thriller name-drops Casablanca and Graham Greene , it had better deliver , and Allied falls short .
Allied is , for the most part , a conventional and classic World War II drama . It could have been made in the 1950s . The costumes are period , the music is perfect , and the lighting is gorgeous . The whole operation is easy on the eyes .
They may not make movies like they used to , but Allied is a good approximation .
Allied is beautifully constructed , with smooth , polished camerawork and editing , as well as evocative music and design . But it 's never self-consciously arty .
` Allied ' is a lackluster effort that should have been much better given the central conflict and setting
Brad Pitt and Marion Cotillard 's unbridled passion drives this satisfying period piece .
-LSB- T -RSB- he performance from Brad Pitt , who plays the movie 's tormented protagonist , is uncertain at its best and downright dull at its worst .
Zemeckis has fashioned a good old-fashioned World War II romantic espionage movie , but that would n't matter a damn if the leads were n't beautiful and did n't look great in period clothes . They are and they do .
The dangerous sense of intrigue , potential betrayal and moral ambiguity - the very thing that keeps the film going for so long , and us on the edge of our seats - disappears , replaced by a slough of mawkishness ...
Not succeeding as a World War II drama , spy thriller or love story , `` Allied '' is what you will find in the dictionary if you look up `` insipid . ''
If you love classic movies and their potential to sweep you up into a world outside of your own experience , this one will rock your world .
good enough to pass the time but generic enough to be directed by anybody .
Allied is one of those films that has a little something for everyone , all the euphemisms fit to print on a 1940s movie poster . But the film 's certainly never too stuffy , and never too showy . It 's just damn fine entertainment .
Cotillard always remains the movie 's center : With her large eyes and delicate nervousness , she projects genuine mystery and an air of potential doubleness .
It all ends on an airfield in the rain with everyone shouting to be heard over the propellers , à la Casablanca . Except that afterward , you wo n't recall a thing .
The muted palette , methodical plotting and concealed emotions make for a film that slowly simmers instead of reaching a roiling boil of drama .
A cornball , cliché-ridden World War II romance that ... succumbs to cinematic elephantitis of a nearly risible sort .
`` Allied '' was directed by Robert Zemeckis , whose best pictures all leaned heavily on special effects and technology . People , though , give him trouble .
A sexy and sophisticated espionage thriller , Allied 's various visual pleasures compensate for its somewhat uneven script .
Allied wo n't make anyone forget Casablanca , but it wo n't make them wish they 'd stayed home and watched it instead either .
Despite its staid atmosphere , Zemeckis , Pitt and Cotillard deliver a stirring tale of love during wartime .
Allied is one of -LSB- Zemeckis ' -RSB- more human and tangible movies yet . It 's also his most purely enjoyable film since Cast Away .
Allied comes off like a highlight reel that mimics the look and feel of a whole school of great films , from Casablanca to Hitchcock 's Suspicion and Notorious .
A movie that is old-fashioned in every possible good way , but that in no way seems passe or cliched .
If Allied does n't land the gut-punch it winds up to deliver , there 's nevertheless plenty to admire in a blockbuster craftsman and two beautiful stars paying tribute to the spirit of an older Hollywood .
Even when `` Allied '' loses its footing , there is something unmistakably touching about Zemeckis ' commitment to evoking a world so quietly , heroically out of step with the times .
`` Allied '' is a decent movie , but frustrating - it should have been great , but never gets out of its own way long enough to be .
This sentimental romance may not break your heart , but it sure is very easy on the eye .
In the context of 1940s cinema , the occasional overblown moment makes sense as well , and if you do n't feel a lump in your throat by the final curtain , you may want to consider a career in espionage .
Allied , big and sturdy , always fills the screen . But its gleaming surfaces are missing something underneath .
In a movie built around two characters , Pitt does not hold up his 50 percent .
You might enjoy it , but you are n't missing anything if you decide to sit this one out .
Allied is as if a snazzy new copy machine was supposed to print out a presentation in eye-popping colors and ended up spitting it out in plain old black and white . You can read it but it 's dull to look at .
Once `` Allied `` s real plot belatedly kicks in and our heroes find themselves in the thick of it , it 's one of the best things Robert Zemeckis has ever made .
If you enjoy slightly awkward romance during wartime , Allied is worth a fling .
`` Allied '' is slow-footed and tepid , its plot twists dopey and soapy . I was rooting for things to get interesting , but I would have settled for a few surprises .
Where ` Casablanca ' glided seamlessly from swooning passion to stark reality , ` Allied ' lumbers like an out-of-control tank .
Allied it does n't feel nostalgic . It just feels outdated .
Allied is a prestige drama without the prestige , wooden in appearance and lacking any true drama .
In Allied , Robert Zemeckis brings to bear his pop-epic scope in what 's otherwise a claustrophobic story .
Allied is pure pop filmmaking . But while it may not be especially introspective , unlike a lot of Zemeckis movies , it 's actually about something .
It 's the sort of twisty , romantic , smart-but-not-too-smart espionage film that Hollywood has all but given up on in recent years as it shamelessly chases after millennial hearts and minds .
A grandly entertaining stab at old-fashioned storytelling buoyed by smart and stylish filmmaking , a good performance by Brad Pitt and an even better one from Marion Cotillard .
Entertainment of the highest order , Allied , like a large portion of Robert Zemeckis ' work , feels like a grand ode to filmmaking of an era past .
Like `` What Lies Beneath , '' another Zemeckis genre programmer that digs into ideas of intimate betrayal but with superior results . He sacrifices his usual brand of burnished gentleness and wowing spectacle for something gruff , grim and sometimes gory .
If you fell in love with a spy , could you ever truly trust her ? That question drives `` Allied , '' a World War II romance-thriller that starts off smartly but sputters to an underwhelming finale .
An elegant potboiler that judiciously balances psychological and physical suspense , one that feels like a romantic drama from WWII only recently rediscovered .
This is n't a tension-filled tour-de-force , but it is a perfectly enjoyable couple of hours . Do n't be expecting what the trailer sold you , that 's all .
There 's an odd , stark sheen to it all ; betraying neither nostalgic romanticism or muted weight , making its lead actors look like mannequins posed in the actions of wartime romance .
Pitt seems wholly miscast , and Cotillard turns in an awkwardly pitched performance .
It 's a flagrantly movie-ish concoction . But like Steven Spielberg 's `` Bridge of Spies , '' it 's been made with a so-old-it 's - new classicism that is executed with enough flair to lure audiences in .
Big-budget bluster careens through the emotional premise of the movie , and it 's not helped by the casting .
War is hell , but `` Allied '' is n't much better , as it wastes a good idea and a better cast .
A grand wartime romance with nods to Hitchcock and `` Casablanca . '' Thoroughly satisfying .
The film , like Pitt 's performance , is all surface and no feeling .
Zemeckis ' old-school romance has its moments and Cotillard gives it her all , but it lacks the zip and chemistry to truly spark .
This is a film where couples look like a million bucks in direct sunlight and five times that in shadow , and talk in that heightened movie-speak where every line feels like an airborne shuttlecock : playful , arcing , nimbly swatted .
Plodding and pedestrian even in the technical magic that is a Zemeckis trademark , this is a case of a director out of his element with a script that fails to generate much heat .
There is no chemistry , no romantic fusion , no Bradion , no Mariobrad . Their screen passion bursts forth like a cold wet teabag falling out of a mug that you have upended over the kitchen sink and do n't much feel like washing up .
It 's the kind of film you can send your parents or grandparents to the next time they complain that they do n't make 'em like they used to .

@highlight

Allied has its moments , but does n't quite achieve epic wartime romance status -- a disappointment made more profound by the dazzling talent assembled on either side of the camera .