Director Diego Quemada-Díez , who worked as a camera operator on a number of films including 21 Grams and The Constant Gardener , has let a little Alejandro González Iñárritu and Fernando Meirelles rub off , which is never a bad thing .
The Golden Dream is by no means an action film , but it has plenty of impressive stuntwork .
For most of its running time , it 's a bit of a slog . To some degree , it 's a rewarding slog , and yet even then , not entirely .
What these kids endure could easily read as melodrama on the page , but the movie - with its shaky camera work and amateur cast , including extras who were actual migrants - maintains a stark realism .
Given the racist hatred toward Latino immigrants , this is a film that will help increase much needed solidarity as well as deliver a powerful dramatic tale that succeeds in cinematic terms .
La Jaula de Oro just may stand as the definitive Latino immigrant odyssey .
`` La Jaula de Oro '' may seem like a rehash of old news . But do n't be deceived .
The filmmaking is fluid and electric ; the acting , precise ; the archetypal storytelling , seamless and brutal .
Adding a welcome dynamism to the unobtrusive silent-witness storytelling approach so much in vogue on the international art-cinema scene , Quemada-Diez assembles `` La jaula de oro '' out of moments rich in action , humor and intrigue .
This film carries a similar weightiness and moral heft to those tomes to mortality and realpolitik , yet retains a dreamlike quality that at times leaves the film in debt as much to Terrence Malick as Alejandro González Iñárritu .
-LSB- The film -RSB- has an undeniable ring of truth .
Through little dialogue , mostly improvised by the nonprofessional cast , Quemada-Díez creates much compassion toward his young travelers and the emotional truths they uncover .
Quemada-Diez 's approach emphasizes nature and naturalism , and the film never pretends that this adventure is n't dangerous and terrifying .
An assured and moving debut by director Diego Quemada-Díez .
Honest , interesting and well done it is not an uplifting film .
Despite a tough and rather bleak story , this Central American drama is bolstered by strikingly beautiful cinematography and involving characters .
At once urgent , defiant , and heartbreaking .
If you want screen teens to break your heart this summer , then give The Fault in Our Stars a miss in favour of this epic South American adventure .
It works equally well as a Huckleberry Finn-like adventure story and as a brutal realist drama highlighting the exploitation of young migrants .
The performances are spirited and touching and cinematographer María Secco expertly frames the vulnerable youngsters against various hostile environments .
A beguiling , heartbreaking first feature from Diego Quemada-Diez .
Quemada-Díez loves his characters and is enthusiastic in coaxing joy from their prematurely aged and scowling faces but he does n't soft-pedal their fates .
The performances are tremendous .
Guatemalan teens attempt to break into the US a film which offers little new both politically and aesthetically .
Quemada-Diez worked on three Ken Loach films , starting with Land and Freedom in the Spaniard 's home country . The apprentice 's own first act of sorcery is simple and compelling .
Director Diego Quemada-Díez condenses many acute observations about life as an emigrant into a sure-footed , credible story .
Quemada-Díez does n't play soft , and the stinging climax really sticks with you .
A tough yet tender and beautifully crafted human drama that more than earns those Loach comparisons .
Diez has created one of the year 's most scathing looks at one of the world 's most misrepresented human acts
The point of view is effortlessly empathetic . In a year where there have already been numerous films showcasing great non-professional casts ... , this one joins the ranks .
What the director has crafted here is charmless misery porn sorely in need of a personality transplant .
It is a very substantial movie , with great compassion and urgency .
A lukewarm examination of a hot-potato political issue .

@highlight

With The Golden Dream , director Diego Quemada-Díez weaves a compassionate tale built on piercing honesty -- and outstanding work from an inexperienced cast .