The director emphasizes the fragile and invisible , the small specks of matter that make up the whole .
It 's both an embrace of the comfort of ritual and certainly and acknowledgement of the magic of the unexpected and the accidental bringing change to routine .
Whose images of everyday life in the sticks makes for hypnotic viewing .
Such descriptors as contemplative , deliberate , and meditative fall short of the mark in conveying exactly what 's at work here .
A quiet , meditative , and spiritual Italian film about the transmigration of the soul .
The film 's apparent simplicity is , in large measure , its charm and its universal appeal .
The God 's - eye view becomes mesmerizing when we stop insisting that the film flatter us and just enjoy a quiet ride on the cycle .
Le Quattro Volte is cinematic slow food . It takes its time , is meticulous in its presentation , carefully considers the experience it provides , and then serves up a satisfying and nourishing feast .
Yes , at times , this quiet , meditative film is lovely . At other times , it 's just plain tiresome . There 's an actual shot of dust particles .
I drifted pleasantly in its depths .
An intriguing , somewhat maddening intellectual puzzle film and then a hypnotic illustration of an ambiguous , unsettling thesis .
Frammartino 's seductive little film is poised halfway between doctored doc and artfully spare narrative .
Le Quattro Volte may sound like art-house tedium , but in fact it 's a movie of grave beauty , serene pace and surprising humor .
It 's an odd little film , to be sure , but it does a nice job of exploring the ways in which all life is eventually connected .
If you succumb to these charms , I guarantee walking out of the theatre into the noisy city will be a jarring sensory overload experience .
Give Le Quattro Volte the patience it deserves , and you will be captivated by its stately rhythms , transfixed by its strange imagery , and moved by its sudden dramas . Do n't , and you 'll be bored to tears .
It 's a lovely piece of cinema with a striking visual sensibility , a sly sense of humour and a terrific cast of human and animal actors .
If Dante had n't already made classic use of the title , Michelangelo Frammartino 's Le Quattro Volte could instead have been called The Divine Comedy .
Frammartino 's idyll of mystic metempsychosis batters down the boundary fence between tradition and modernity , pagan and Christian , documentary and fiction .
If you can separate yourself from the buzz of higher-pitch cinema , the film 's beauty , wit and charm come as a breath of fresh air .
It is an essay , a cinematic poem , a spiritual exploration of time and space , and it 's designed to make us think and feel about the world around us and our place in it .
Just watch , and wonder .
Beautifully shot and featuring some highly impressive animal wrangling , Le Quattro Volte is a bizarre arthouse film that 's thought-provoking , surprisingly moving and occasionally laugh-out-loud funny .
It is all rather wonderful - a balm to the spirit and a tribute to the natural world , unsullied by consumer society .
A gem of art cinema and a miracle of animal-wrangling .
A droll and pensive film about goats . About rural communities . And about the very meaning of existence .
Meditative , calm , and profound , Le Quattro Volte offers a momentary respite from the bustle of contemporary life .
In short , this is a masterpiece .
It 's absolutely mesmerising to watch , with moments of deep emotion and earthy humour . It 's also a very sleepy , slow movie
For 88 minutes le Quattro Volte weaves a curious spell , like a live action Sylvain Chomet animation , a bucolic meander through the mysteries of life and death .
It is overpoweringly lovable .
The goats are the stars in Michelangelo Frammartino 's dialogue-free portrait of a remote Calabrian farming community .
Explaining it makes it sound aridly abstract , but watching it is pure delight ...
A beautiful but slow moving celebration of life , stunningly photographed .
`` Le Quattro Volte '' works best if , instead of trying to figure it all out , you simply let its weirdly logical ideas flow .
Becomes a transcendent experience that demands the viewer 's attentive participation as it miraculously straddles the line between the orchestrated epiphanies of fiction and the simple , unadorned reality of documentary .
If Samuel Beckett and Jacques Tati collaborated on a National Geographic nature film , the result would be a lot like this oddball Italian docudrama .
Even at 88 minutes , Michelangelo Frammartino 's `` docu-essay '' can be a challenge .
It is a devastating , profound and at times surreal work of art .
Giving all new meaning to the title `` Men Who Stare at Goats '' is `` Le Quattro Volte , '' an example of contemporary Italian neo-realism about taking a long , hard look at our horned and hoofed friends .
Perched between fiction and documentary , `` Le Quattro Volte '' is above all a beautiful and profound evocation of the eternal cycles of life and nature .
Few movies are this patient with us , even if not enough moviegoers will be as patient with it . Their loss .
... the rare film that calls to mind such disparate works as `` Au Hasard Balthazar , '' `` Hukkle '' and `` Local Hero '' while creating its own cinematic world .
If Frammartino 's film is admittedly quite academic , it 's also strikingly elemental and brilliantly paced
Thanks to the director 's inquisitive camera and the sheer beauty of the setting , I fell under -LSB- the film 's -RSB- spell early on and remained captivated throughout .
Frammartino uses long , carefully observed takes to capture the natural world and the way the same patterns keep erupting from beneath humanity 's attempts to impose order upon it .
Those so disposed can think deep thoughts as they ponder the perennial mysteries of nature and the cinematic gaze , but the strength of this pantomime depicting the stages and states of life is its simple beauty .
Grave , beautiful , austerely comic , and casually metempsychotic , Michelangelo Frammartino 's Le Quattro Volte is one of the wiggiest nature documentaries -- or almost-documentaries -- ever made .
So full of surprises - nearly every shot contains a revelation , sneaky or overt , cosmic or mundane - that even to describe it is to risk giving something away .
The complexities of ordinary life do n't fit into Frammartino 's picture-postcard pieties ; his sincere but diffuse spirituality is the cinematic equivalent of New Age music .
-LRB- Frammartino 's -RRB- deceptively simple film is , in fact , brimming with universal wisdom and life-affirming sincerity .
This is a prime Festival Film , equally beautiful and turgid ; Frammartino has lots of promise , but might be well served by thinking of something smaller than all of Nature .
There 's certainly no shortage of contemplative static-camera films filling out the festival circuit , but at its worst , Frammartino 's movie plays like a parody of this popular approach .
The goats also give the film its richest moments of humor , many of the jokes based on seeing them act more human than humans .

@highlight

Birth , death , and transformation are examined in Le Quattro Volte , a profound and often funny mediation on the cycles of life on earth .