It 's a film at once depressing and exhilarating .
Absolutely stunning mixture of the personal story of a disillusioned Catholic priest and the sordid Christian history that drove him to cut his ties -- all the while remaining deeply committed to the ethical vision of Jesus .
Jacoby and Carroll make their case skillfully , carefully excerpting key scenes from Lenny -LRB- with Dustin Hoffman doing a Lenny Bruce monologue on anti-Jewish prejudice -RRB- and The Robe .
Less a history lesson than Carroll 's personal odyssey through the opposing powers of church and state .
Not precisely journalistic , as a personal chronicle writ large it is a stirring , richly intellectual work .
This exceedingly contemplative work is both topically important -- warning of what happens when military might and religious fervor are mixed -- and intellectually stimulating as all get out .
With so much ground to cover , Carroll 's own story must hold everything together . And it just about does , because it 's inherently fascinating .
Though Carroll 's presentation is unquestionably oversimplified ... his points are well-taken and worthy of serious regard .
Former priest and author James Carroll is simply pointing out that the use of cover up and propaganda -- whether it 's aimed at another religion or another country -- is still represented at the point of a sword . That sword is shaped like a cross .
Constantine 's Sword speaks provocatively to history and our moment .
The breadth of Carroll 's scholarship and the depth of his religious understanding strengthen his assertion that our misadventure in Iraq is the beginning of a new holy war .
But I ramble . So does the movie , in an insidiously fascinating way .
Whatever your persuasion , you 'll walk out enriched .
James Carroll goes on a crusade of his own , exposing the hypocrisy of politically motivated religion and the violence of the evangelical Jihad in our own Colorado Springs .
-LSB- I -RSB- t was probably inevitable that such an audacious attempt would fail to succeed entirely . Which is n't to say that this bold and fearless film is n't worth a look .
A powerful documentary which makes the case that the faith-based fanaticism that has destabilized the planet has been fueled as much by the West as by radical Islam .
Overall , rather disorganized and uneven as a documentary , but always passionate , intriguing and certainly pertinent .
The movie covers an immense amount of shameful historical ground , but the soft-spoken Carroll 's mission is less about winning an argument than prodding true believers
-LSB- Director Oren -RSB- Jacoby 's haunting documentary joins cowriter and producer Carroll , the author of Constantine 's Sword : The Church and the Jews -- A History , for a fascinating dual journey .
A poignant and passionately presented depiction of church-sanctioned violence against Jews .
The movie raises important issues , but it provides few answers as it moves along in uninspired , talking-heads fashion .
At once enthralling and troubling ... does about as good a job as you could hope of distilling a 750-page historical examination of religious zealotry and power into 95 swift minutes .
Riddled with historical distortions , at least some of which seem agenda-driven , perhaps even more or less deliberate .
thoughtful
Although honest and earnest , ` Constantine 's Sword ' illustrates the rut the burgeoning genre has fallen into . The message is clear , but the medium is muddled .
Oren Jacoby 's magnificent , thought-provoking essay film Constantine 's Sword examines the unholy alliance between organized religion and military power .
-LSB- A -RSB- searching , intellectually lively documentary .
-LSB- A -RSB- harsh , frightening and stunning dissection of Church history .



@highlight

Exceptional research elevates Constantine 's Sword from a talking heads documentary to a resonant and thought-provoking expose of the church 's dark history .