An austere poem of crime , Le Samourai manages to have a grip of an old-fashioned potboiler as well . Not a half-bad combination .
Working with and against genre conventions , Melville 's movies are hushed , deadpan abstractions of space and gesture , restrained , refined , a palette reduced to essential colors and compositions .
Alain Delon is the coolest killer hit the screen , a film noir loner for the modern era , in Jean-Pierre Melville 's austere 1967 French crime classic .
Melville 's discipline in establishing patterns pays off handsomely when he breaks them . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
Cold , masterly , without pathos , and not even particularly sympathetic ; it has the noble structure of accuracy .
an enjoyably stylish entry in the French crime film tradition , but a decidedly minor one
Delon 's inscrutable presence adds to an unnerving atmosphere of anticipation . You feel that something bad could come crashing into the frame at any second . And you would be right .
A major work from a highly influential director -- Walter Hill and John Woo have both taken a lesson or two -- yet one whose films have been , until now , inexplicably neglected in the U.S.
Melville 's film had a major influence in Hollywood .
Achieves an atmosphere of mesmerizing , otherworldly beauty and grace .
By far the coolest .
Making films this good was n't a principle for Melville , it was a habit .
Le Samouraï 's narrative players are designed for easy interpretation . This fosters the plot 's complication , as well as Melville 's inimitably stylistic filmmaking
The film has been a tremendous influence to the crime drama genre .
-LSB- Melville 's -RSB- style remains haunting and elegantly spare , just right for the kind of hit man who lives in silence , in bare and colorless surroundings , with a lonely caged bird .
Even if its influence on contemporary filmmakers were n't so striking and acknowledged , Le Samourai would stand well enough on its own merits , strongly suggesting that some of the greatest films of the future may well come from the past .
One of the better examples of genre cinema .
It combines stylish direction , an intelligent script , first-rate performances , and overpowering atmosphere into one of the most tense and absorbing thrillers ever to reach the screen .
Le samourai expresses a kind of loneliness to be sure , but it 's that of a teenage male dreaming about Hollywood movies and their accoutrements -- penthouse apartments , acerbic cops , melancholy city streets , smoky card games , fancy jazz nightclubs .
One of the pleasures of Le Samourai is to realize how complicated the plot has grown , in its flat , deadpan way .
Fedoras and trench coats . Film noir in cool blues and greens . Frenchman Jean-Pierre Melville 's 1967 film Le Samourai is the real deal .
Alain Delon , who was attacked by some narrow-minded reviewers in his day for being stiff , is perfectly cast here , displaying a cool , calm demeanor at first , then an equally calm desperation as the chase gets more intense .
Melville is much more interested in procedures than action . The film is so stripped down that we learn as much as we need to know about Jef in the film 's first 15 minutes .
To each his own . Filmmakers as diverse as Quentin Tarantino and Paul Schrader were influenced by Melville , and Hong Kong action director John Woo calls the film ` the closest to a perfect movie that I have ever seen . '







@highlight

Le Samouraï makes the most of its spare aesthetic , using stylish -- and influential -- direction , solid performances , and thick atmosphere to weave an absorbing story .