This documentary is a head-over-heels tribute to Pearl Fryer , a man who is extraordinary -- and not just 'cause his name is Pearl !
In its own modest fashion , the film does capture a sense of the intuitive craftsmanship , pride and determination that drive the self-taught artist .
This is moviemaking that honors the craftsmanship of its subject .
A heartwarming but superficial documentary that 's saved from hagiography primarily by the humility and charm of its subject .
Fryar is such pleasant company that the film 's weaknesses can be overlooked .
An engaging , albeit superficial , look at a man and his creations .
One of those hidden treasures of the art house that it 's your duty to seek out .
Conflict and controversy are the breeding ground for story , and A Man Named Pearl -- for all its beauty and inspiration -- is sorely lacking in these elements .
On a smaller , less-cosmic scale of appreciation , Pearl 's uplifting story is a welcome reminder that any pursuit of growth and nurturing will yield unexpectedly wonderful dividends .
Unlike so many documentaries that exploit stereotypes of Southern ignorance , the people of Bishopville come off as intelligent and articulate , with an acute awareness of their shortcomings in the evolution toward more equitable race relations .
Pleasant enough dollop of inspiration about 68-year-old Pearl Fryar , who turns his depressed South Carolina hometown into a tourist destination .
A Man Named Pearl not only makes you want to get out there and play Edward Scissorhands but can , at least for its 78 jazz-and-gospel infused minutes , help replenish one 's faith in humanity .
This would have worked better as a short documentary .
-LSB- This -RSB- irresistible documentary about self-taught topiary artist Pearl Fryar is a portrait of a polite , church-going , thoroughly decent man who found his bliss training and trimming discarded plants into fantastical things of beauty .
Meet the real-life Edward Scissorhands , Pearl Fryar .
Despite the kid-glove questioning , the film ends on an uplifting sentiment .
Assembled without frills or fuss , A Man Named Pearl is as much a portrait of a small Southern town as of an unassuming black folk artist .
An extraordinary documentary about a talented African-American , a garden of exquisite beauty and love , and a community that has been brought to life by his artistry , enthusiasm , and generosity .
A touching bio-pic about a humble soul who encountered racism and responded with love , peace and goodwill towards all people .
As a portrait of genteel small-town life , it 's not half-bad , so hellbent on being inspirational that it dodges thornier issues , but so pleasant and well-organized that it 's hard to mind .
Pic looks very much like a protracted man-of-the-week spot on a local newscast .
A decidedly limited , functional aesthetic affair .
Pearl himself is impeccable , but however merited , the film 's encomiums cloy , like the short-lived TV program that reported only `` good '' news items .
Totally uplifting film about a factory worker who became America 's most respected topiary artist .
Go spend 77 minutes with Pearl Fryar and his garden . You 'll feel better for it .
Topiary folk artist and chainsaw-wielding ` plant whisperer ' Pearl Fryar seems like a wonderful man , but the directors never justify the feature-length treatment they give to a story that easily would have fit into a Sunday morning Charles Kuralt segment .
The film 's hero is charismatic : modest , thoughtful , well-spoken , pointing out he achieved remarkable things because he did n't know he was n't supposed to be able to do them .





@highlight

Though it lacks moviemaking polish , A Man Named Pearl is redeemed by the interest -- and uplift -- generated by its subject .