... a modest and intimate drama ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Weekend , which was shot with watery beauty on location in Nottingham in the U.K. , also owes something to Before Sunrise , but it 's not a gay remake of a straight movie . Its romance is very deliberately not some reworked version of a hetero one .
However , to simply call it ` a gay movie ' would commit it a great disservice as the fragmented kaleidoscope of fleeting romantic pains and pleasures should resonate with gay and straight audiences in equal measure .
A romance that finds intimacy in intense conversation but also a very British film about private and public spaces ; a potent mix of the sensually intimate and the politically confrontational .
For a movie that bares the souls of its characters so completely , Weekend does n't unfold like a complicated movie . The dialogue is natural , the sex scenes are tender , and the camera never gets in the way of the story .
Probably one of the greatest films ever made on the subject of gay love , not because it deals with issues of homosexuality , but because it simply tells a tender , honest , emotionally potent love story .
Weekend works beautifully in the moment , and lingers long after an initial viewing . It 's certainly an affair to remember .
Weekend has romance to spare , but also takes a look at the cogs turning under the surface of any thoughtful encounter , however brief .
Romantic , tragic , heartbreaking and euphoric , this is an emotionally invigorating odyssey that held me spellbound all the way through , the movie elegantly building to a beautifully poignant coda that is as tearful as it uplifting .
Through two wonderful performances from Tom Cullen and Chris New , writer-director Andrew Haigh has captured the many emotions associated with a new relationship .
Weekend is one of the most impressive films ever made about love . Haigh 's confidence and intelligence as a filmmaker , has resulted in a sincere and emotionally engaging film .
Made with all the technical disadvantages of a home movie - dirty and confusing sound recording , sloppy camerawork -LRB- but here it 's intentional , meant to look arty -RRB-
In an intimate exploration of its central relationship , this boy meets boy story addresses all the issues of being gay and meets them head on
A stunningly simple , nearly perfect example of a romance movie whose burgeoning couple just happens to be gay .
The best film of 2011 .
Simplicity personified ... character - and emotion-driven cinema at its purest and densest and most haunting .
Part of the brilliance of Haigh 's film is how specific the characterizations are of his two main characters , how their different natures both allow for the possibility of love and impede it .
Deserves to find a place in the hearts of wistful romantics everywhere , no matter what their sexual preference .
It 's splendidly played with an understated intensity that deftly captures the shifting emotional tone of the relationship .
Weekend is finally a deeply romantic film , assured of the pleasure that one person can find in another , but rooted in the quirks and textures of contemporary British life .
Offers up the kind of subtle , truthful relationship drama that 's all too rare in cinema .
There 's a fresh , sweaty , honest , unpretentious air to it , and when they part , with Glen on his way to spend a year working in Portland , Oregon , we genuinely believe that something like love has come into their yearning lives .
Writer-director Andrew Haigh has a delicate , sensitive touch , and this is appealing as a simple peek into modern romance ... but there 's a sense of wishful thinking -- or even desperation -- that I suspect is not intended here .
There 's a deceptive simplicity to British writer-director Andrew Haigh 's poignant , fluent character study , which has already earned comparisons to Before Sunrise .
Haigh treats his subject matter with matter-of-fact realism . If this is a new voice on the British film scene , it 's a refreshingly adult one .
It is a tender , humane film , with an easy , unforced cinematic language : a film that does n't need to try too hard .
Haigh 's film is written with a shrewd , unpretentious feel for the way young people behave when they 're getting to know each other , shot with a keen eye for urban solitude , and completely nails its seemingly modest tasks ...
Haigh , writing , directing and producing , drives through the meeting-cute introductions and the medium-molten sex scenes as if they were merely marks on the map , to follow the simple , complex arc of an evolving love affair .
Impressively directed and superbly written , this is an emotionally engaging and strikingly naturalistic romantic drama with terrific central performances from newcomers Tom Cullen and Chris New .
A remarkable film that signals an exciting new voice in the LGBT landscape .
Sexy , provocative , engrossing and occasionally ornery , it should appeal to anyone whose curiosity about someone new has provoked them to question their own identity .
Terrific low-key turns from the two leads inject their growing bond with genuine emotion , making this a love story that will get under the skin of romantics everywhere .
Cullen and New are British stage actors with little background in film . Haigh 's only previous film was a documentary . Perhaps because they do n't feel bound by a set of rules , they 've created one of the year 's most enjoyable surprises .
It 's a definitive example of naturalistic moviemaking -- you feel you 're breathing the air that the characters are breathing .
Weekend is the year 's wittiest hymn to romance .
Weekend might be a small film recounting an intimate relationship , but it speaks to the grandest of ideas .
By the end of their weekend together , it feels like you know these guys and , even better , like you 're rooting for them .
A heartfelt romantic comedy , a touching rumination on sexual identity and a striking look at what it is to be gay in 21st Century Britain .
Like Before Sunrise , the real joy of writer/director Andrew Haigh 's film is in watching two people make bedrooms , overpasses , kitchenettes , and couches feel alive with potent conversation and pregnant silences .
Its final moments offer a vision of what a contemporary romance can achieve : an appreciative gasp of truth , a wet-eyed hope for more .
While you might appreciate its goal , the writing and execution are n't strong enough to reach it .
It 's a thrill to watch , just as it 's thrilling to be in the hands of such a gifted new filmmaking talent .
One of the truest , most beautiful movies ever made about two strangers .
This appealing gay-themed drama , written and directed with intelligence by Andrew Haigh , is a British cousin to the American mumblecore movement ...
If you 've ever met someone who changed your life in the space of days , you 'll relate to something in this movie .
The organ that `` Weekend '' is most concerned with is n't the one you might think , but the human heart .
In just a short period of time , a weekend hookup tests the boundaries each man has set for himself .
The story is simply told with a lot of talking , some loving and much philosophizing over the meaning of life . The good thing is that -LSB- writer-director-editor -RSB- Andrew Haigh wears all his hats well and shows a deft hand at all his chores .
The results are gently sincere but maybe a little misguided , a far cry from the note-perfect , transcendently adorable 1999 gay love story `` Trick , '' which this one reminds of -- and pales in comparison to .
It 's equally as chatty as -LSB- Before Sunrise and Before Sunset -RSB- , but the dialogue is more to the point , less cerebral , and below the belt .
If this lovely movie proffers a thesis or a moral , it 's a simple one . A more open , fully integrated and passionate life feeds the soul no less than air and water . Or coffee the morning after .
The bland sentimentality and dull attitudinizing turn the movie into an empty frame of good intentions .
A moving and empathetic look at how relationships develop , at how people fall in love and what that does and does n't do to their lives .
It 's about love 's essence , and the pain of its absence .
There 's a white-knuckle quality to this affair that 's as fearsome as it is beautiful .
Writer-director Andrew Haigh , who 's made several short films and one other feature while holding down big-studio editing gigs , allows the characters and their ideas to develop naturally .
This is a smart , sensitive , perceptive film , with actors well suited to the dialogue . It underlines the difficulty of making connections outside our individual boxes of time and space .
An achingly tender chamber piece from first-time director Andrew Haigh .
A surprisingly strong film about love and sexual identity that leaves a lasting impression .
Though the film benefits from an easy chemistry between the leads , it never hits any of the highs hinted at early on , leaving audiences unfulfilled by the possibility of what might have been .
hile the credible script and naturalistic acting deserve praise , there 's even a thrill in seeing romantic clichés -- you 'll spot them all -- embraced anew .
Haigh avoids exploitation and cheap thrills in favor of a mature , incisive examination of relationships .
It is about the paradoxes and puzzlements of gay identity in a post-identity-politics era , and also about the enduring mystery of sexual attraction and its consequences .
One of the best gay films ever made , although that pigeonholes it unfairly , as this is a finely observed , bracingly intelligent and human work , with an appeal that crosses sexual categorization .
The most powerful , honest and engrossing romantic drama since Before Sunrise .
Its small scale allows for detailed looks at two men who are likeable and flawed , and who connect on a level neither expected -- nor in one case , was even looking for .
Boy meets boy in this low-budget , acutely observed relationship drama .
One of the bravest , most honest and most accomplished stories of gay love and sex ever rendered on film .
I love what Haigh manages to achieve in his Weekend . The movie is political and challenging , but in an organic way .
Weekend settles into an intentionally minor-key groove , caught somewhere between bracingly direct honesty and cringingly mumbly pretense .
I hate to damage so fragile a work with overpraise , but , gay or straight , if you do n't see yourself in this movie , you need to get a life .
The film operates on a familiar dynamic ; however , it works here thanks to the precise alignment of talented actors and a focused screenplay .
Naturalistic without being ineloquent , heartfelt yet unsentimental , Weekend is the rarest of birds : a movie romance that rings true .
Without spoiling what happens and how , it 's fair to say the pivot away from Linklater-style sentimentality leaves little room for a sequel hook-up a decade down the road .
There is an undeniable emotional power to Andrew Haigh 's beautifully sketched romantic drama .
The longer you spend inside Weekend , the more its fictions seem apparent .
The movie is exquisitely written , directed and acted in naturalistic , hand-held style on a shoestring . It 's heartbreaking .
Well-written and insightful , I do n't think we 've seen a gay-themed film this purely romantic and ultimately affecting since `` Brokeback Mountain . '' One of the five best GLBT-themed narrative films of 2011 .
The two leading actors give deft , expressive performances that have us rooting for both of them . Cullen has a broodingly sensual presence , while the impish New makes a charmingly prickly foil .
Cullen and New develop a compellingly credible give and take .

@highlight

It may be a chamber piece but Weekend 's revelations on modern sexuality expand far beyond the modest setting .