If you have n't seen it , DO N'T BOTHER .
This is pure popcorn entertainment , a one-dimensional outing that is more in the ballpark of Thor and Fantastic Four than anything else .
Green Lantern is not a perfect movie , but it 's fun to watch .
Please please please do not make a sequel .
It often feels like there are two separate stories featured in this comic book flick but neither of them is particularly interesting .
This is a blue-light special version of a superhero movie . This is what happens when they go wrong . This is what happens when they do n't care .
Across the board Green Lantern is an average experience . There is zero character development , an overly confusing plot and way too much dodgy CGI assaulting the screen .
Not `` Jonah Hex '' bad ... but almost .
`` Green Lantern '' does have a fair share of problems and yet is not quite as bad as some are making it out to be . It merely gets added to the long list of superhero films as one of the more forgettable ones
I would say that this film is 50/50 good and bad . The stuff that works really works , but the stuff that does n't work does n't really work .
There 's a bit more character in the extended cut , but the film is still a mess of tones , driven by a Star Wars-like narrative but cut down by a sloppy Transformers feel .
Thinks it is more impressive than it actually is . Faced with over-blown effects , characters look flat and disappear into the background without a whimper , thanks to an insipid script and the film-makers ' unwillingness to flesh out anyone but Hal Jordan .
While it does n't reach the heady heights of Iron Man , it 's a worthy addition to DC 's movie universe .
In an attempt by the script to be both epic and snarky , director Martin Campbell and actor Ryan Reynolds did the best they could with what they were given to work with .
More science-fiction-y than most superhero films with some cool intergalactic visuals , the story ca n't quite make the most of Ryan Reynolds ' charisma ...
How many more of these superheroes can we take ?
It drones on , needlessly complicating the story line with too many character relationships and too many dull stretches .
parolo poy proorizontan gia megalyterh yperhrwikh toy kalokairioy , katelhkse na fylaei ta eispraktika nwta twn ypoloipwn sthn Amerikh
You 'll need all the navigational help you can get , lantern or otherwise , to make it through this unfocused , CGI-driven mess of a movie .
whereas Marvel 's summer movie Thor revelled in its outlandish setting , Green Lantern dithers between realism and all-out fantasy .
I 've always considered DC 's Green Lantern to be one step too far over the line into `` come on , that 's just silly '' territory . -LRB- Fresh , but only just -RRB-
Acaba se revelando um passatempo relativamente divertido e agradável .
Before Hal Jordan 's big-screen debut , I 'd never heard of the guy . And now , having sat through the confused mess that is Green Lantern , I do n't mind if I never hear of him again .
Green Lantern is all CGI sheen and no soul , taking the comic book movie one giant leap backwards in its inept attempt at creating a would be dazzling adventure .
When Green Lantern does get its green groove on , its quite enjoyable ... but the film is left sadly lacking due to the way it fumbles its set-up .
The green aesthetic misfires : the whole film looks as if it 's been inspired by a particular shade of washing-up liquid , or the glowing screens of ancient computers .
Things improve as the plot kicks in , thanks to enjoyable performances from Peter Sarsgaard , as the more-or-less human villain , and Blake Lively as the feisty heroine .
A certain tone is needed to carry off the script 's manifold absurdities . It has to be tongue-in-cheek rather than foot-in-mouth and Reynolds ' success rate is intermittent at best .
Apparently Sarsgaard 's -LSB- character -RSB- went to high school with the characters played by Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively , which is perhaps the only joke in the movie to actually land .
Everything fits together just well enough to work , but not enough to excel .
It 's certainly not my cup of tea , but it does fulfil its promise to the core fans
Here 's a comic book fantasy with a galaxy of special effects , a splendidly despicable villain in Peter Sarsgaard and heroics from the likeable Ryan Reynolds , who finds courage to overcome fear , win the girl and save the world .
If serendipity is a collision of happy accidents that produce something greater than the sum of their parts , then The Green Lantern is its unlucky antonym , a film far less impressive than its superior individual ingredients .
Robbed of his personal pronoun by a pan-galactic evil ...
There 's an interesting conceit at the core of Green Lantern , the otherwise overstuffed and clumsy superhero outing starring DC Comics ' ring-wielding interstellar cop .
The screenplay is n't as bright as those of other superhero films . But `` Green Lantern '' is n't a dim bulb of a movie , either .
The film also needs a jump-start or a new Central Battery sometimes that Reynolds alone simply can not provide .
There 's a good movie in there somewhere and enough of it shines through that Green Lantern is not an out-and-out failure . But that realization also makes it a bit of a disappointment ; it 's easy to see the promise that has n't been lived up to .
... the movie finds its bearings once Reynolds takes center screen ; the franchise would do well to depend on him more than on sci-fi mumbo jumbo .
The Green Lantern , directed by Martin Campbell and with a script credited to four different writers , is n't so much bad as it is very , very dull .
... an overlong and thoroughly uneven big-budget blockbuster that just barely earns a passing grade ...
Another comic-book hero hits the screen ... and does n't make a big enough splash
A muddled mess of a superhero film swathed in layer upon layer of -LRB- fairly necessary -RRB- exposition and burdened by a seriocomic turn by lead Ryan Reynolds .
Not even Ryan Reynolds ' charm , which pours out of the actor like water over Niagara Falls , can overcome the lumpy narrative and special-effects overkill .
A tedious hodgepodge of rote conflicts and character hang-ups .
Lantern proves it 's not easy being green .
Green Lantern is a moronic superhero . Ryan Reynolds is too cool to play such a lame character . There ... I said it .
A parlor game could be made out of how many times the word `` fear '' is uttered in Martin Campbell 's superhero franchise non-starter .
Green Lantern makes an effort to differentiate itself on an aesthetic level , but otherwise it 's what you 'd expect - a special-effects bonanza following formula .
The only reason you go to see a movie like this is the special effects and the fight scenes , right ? It has both in spades and the 3D effects are good , too .
Ryan Reynolds is a fearless fighter pilot famous for wielding his stick in many a starlet 's cockpit .
This is just one ` been there done that ' super hero movie too many in a summer crowded with super hero movies .
The script is pretty dry and many of the scenes between Reynolds and Blake Lively do n't work at all . It 's a shame that the script does n't give Reynolds the kind of winking humor that Thor had , and that he is so good at delivering .
Joyless .
Green Lantern is reminiscent of 2008 's The Incredible Hulk , another superhero flick that boasted a strong cast but went overboard on visual stimuli .
He 's an ambiguously ... heroic hero .
Superhero movies have become CGI demo reels , and we go for long stretches wherein nothing organic is on the screen at all , except for the occasional green-screened actor .
It basically suffers from many of the same flaws as Thor did , but seems far more tired because we 've already seen this story two times already this summer .
Apart from having no particular reason to exist onscreen , especially at these prices , it 's not half bad .
It has room to grow if Warner Brothers has the will power to deepen the characters and sharpen the writing in the inevitable sequel .
The cocky charm of Ryan Reynolds and worthwhile 3D give this movie just enough magic .
The F/X of Hal creating objects out of his ring 's green light are successfully , modestly fantastic . Such professionalism need n't resort to dumb stereotyping .
The latest movie scraped from the barrel where studio execs store their childhood comic collections .
A substandard superhero film .
The ironic timing of opening nationwide on Father 's Day weekend could n't be more strategically perfect , because this entertaining movie provides dads , who grew up reading comic books , an opportunity to spend quality time with their young sons & daughters
In a summer filled with flights of comic book fancy , Green Lantern only distinguishes itself by being one of the goofiest superhero movies of the year .
... a shame this fantasy-adventure arrives in a summer swamped by superheroes . It 's the best of the batch so far , but it 's in danger of being snubbed by the seen-one-seen - 'em - all contingent .
Rises to the level of idly amusing summer trifle .
Campbell just renders the comic book mythology in bright colors with expensive CGI , and then sort of shrugs - `` here you go , nerds . ''
Green Lantern uses so much CGI it 's a wonder anyone bothered bringing a camera to the set .
Fortunately , Ryan Reynolds ' combination of suave self-assuredness , seasoned comic timing and old-fashioned ability to kick butt outweigh the film 's minor flaws to make for a satisfying cinematic experience that just screams sequel .
That the super villain resembles nothing so much as a giant tentacled dust-bunny with teeth does nothing to make it strike fear in the hearts of the audience
Certainly better than Thor .
What makes Green Lantern work is the pupil-popping effects . Do n't see it for the plot . See it for the visuals .
To compare this to truly abysmal efforts like Catwoman and Batman & Robin would be an exercise in misguided grandstanding ; at the same time , the middling results suggest that Hollywood might consider cooling it on the super-sagas for a while -LRB- fat chance -RRB- .
In desperate need of a visionary to turn it in to the space epic it deserved to be in the first place .
It is of my opinion that superhero movies are supposed to be super . Green Lantern is merely ordinary .
In the hierarchy of comic book movies , it 's hovering somewhere near the bottom .
Ryan Reynolds is great . This is the second comic book movie -LSB- that -RSB- has n't lived up to him .
Friends , fanboys , critics , lend me your eyes . I have not come to bury Green Lantern , but to defend it .
Gropes for a foothold on the rocks of logic .
Visually quite interesting -LSB- but -RSB- the combination of earnestness and smart-ass wisecracks proves unstable .
The film wears its nerdy heart on its sleeve , which is endearing , and often falls just short of hitting the mark , which is n't . But a sufficient number of elements work well enough that I came away smiling .
Asinine , nauseating and often dull with no thrills or excitement to be found . It 'll make your eyes and ears bleed simultaneously .
The result makes the movie seem assembled from bits and pieces of other superhero yarns rather than existing on a plane of its own .
The superhero genre is the home-court of the underdog , of skinny Peter Parkers and mutant outcasts , of heroes born from pain or ingenuity . In Green Lantern , the rich get richer .
A screenplay that was conceived in what will undoubtedly be remembered by the four writers who contributed to it as the blackest night of their creative lives .
Considering all the characters and subplots , it 's no surprise Green Lantern feels more rushed and truncated than epic .
The best way to describe his Reynolds ' portrayal as Hal Jordan is ` wise-ass . ' and with this film , his comedic skills should have been laid aside . Strong 's performance as Sinestro is reason enough to see the film rather than Reynold 's campy performance .
Green Lantern fails on almost all levels . The story seems determined to hit every cliché in the universe and the dialogue is consistently trite ...
Even by the standards of the current run of mediocre comic-book movies , this one stands out for its egregious shoddiness .
DC has to step up its game . Christopher Nolan 's Bat-films aside , Marvel is kicking their ass all over the place .
Sure , comic lovers will thrill when Jordan recites the Lantern oath for the first time , but I bet they 'd be a lot happier if he had something interesting to do afterwards .
Reynolds has the xylophone abs and smart-aleck persona to make a superhero fun ... This movie has little else to offer except gaudy CGI doodles including like a villain resembling an overflowing septic tank with teeth .
As a disjointed rumble in the cosmos , it 's both too much and too little , and too dorky looking . In this case , Green means stop .
It is n't innovative , it is n't deep , the characters are n't particularly well-developed , but I still had a good time watching Green Lantern . It 's hard to dislike a movie that has shortcomings and still provides an ...
The mythology is nonsensical and the plot takes forever to get going . But once it does , the movie takes advantage of a strong cast and a director who knows what he 's doing .
Better to fixate on the interstellar eye candy .
Entertaining but superficial superhero thriller .
At least the filmmakers acknowledge that Reynolds in green tights and mask still looks like his non-Green Lantern alter ego , cocky test pilot Hal Jordan . There 's none of this Clark Kent/Superman silliness .
... fun but terminally unwieldy adaptation of the venerable DC comics franchise pinballs between above-it-all camp and gravely serious sci-fi shenanigans ...
One of the goofier , less pretentious and more agreeably kid-friendly superhero action movies of the current trend .
It 's almost as if no one cared to try hard enough to tell a coherent and engaging story .
While Campbell 's film is handcuffed by the formula assigned to every single superhero origin story to date , `` Green Lantern '' constructs some elaborately fantastic universes for the intergalactic portion of its story .
In spots , the movie soars and it 's everything I wanted from a ` Green Lantern movie . In other spots , it 's darn-near sadistic and plays to a much older crowd than the little ones . -LRB- Full Content Parental Review also available -RRB-
A textbook example of movie-making by committee . All the money in the world ca n't save a film with a script THIS bad .
Lantern dazzles with some ambitious visuals and a wicked cool mythology , but fails to overcome its fear that is audience is stupid .
` In brightest day , in blackest night ' and in dingiest 3-D , Green Lantern arrives and it 's the dumbest superhero movie of the season .
If only the filmmakers had put as much creative energy into the character of Hal Jordan as they did into his lovingly rendered CGI-enhanced suit
`` Green Lantern '' is badly paced , derivative and clunky . Its biggest sin is being joyless . The film just is n't fun .
Reynolds is n't a bad choice for this type of role . He 's beefed up his body and his face resembles that of an ordinary star who could have had greatness thrust upon him .
As he has the power of imagination , it is only fittingly ironic that the movie about this Green Lantern guy has so little of it .
Hal Jordan is n't exactly gifted in the imagination department .
The problem is that the story is n't pulp enough . The Green Lantern saga has always been notable for its extra weight , its sense of propriety , and Campbell just ca n't make it fly .
Like The Incredible Hulk and Iron Man 2 , it feels like a superhero movie made by committee .
-LSB- The -RSB- movie groans with the strain of explaining who Green Lantern is , while also trying to sell the movie as a big , eye-popping summer entertainment . What gets sacrificed on the altar of this new franchise launch is any real sense of fun .
Another DC comics superhero , another ho-hum 3D movie adventure .
I want superhero movies to involve something more than setting up a marginally interesting premise so that there can be more sequels and snack food tie-ins .
Turns out that the only power this movie had was to put me to sleep by the second act .
Everything about Green Lantern is unremarkable .
I am consumed by the aubergine power of muddled confusion and despair .
Neither amusing nor exciting enough to ensure a long-running franchise .
I liked it much more than , say , Thor , precisely because it 's so openly childish . That approach seems right for the material . Twelve-year-olds are fabulously well-served by the movies nowadays .
You 'll wonder how , after such a promising opening , it all went so wrong .
Although `` Green Lantern '' is n't a particularly good movie , it could be setting us up for one .
A relentlessly silly superhero flick with eyeball-rolling dialogue - set in vast , familiar-looking digital realms that look like rejected models from the second `` Star Wars '' trilogy .
A cheesy , clunky B-movie blockbuster lacking the wit and wonder that you find in the best comicbook adaptations .
Are Parallax and Hector Hammond really the most interesting villains in the Green Lantern universe ? Because if they are , then there 's no reason for a sequel .
Faithful to the comics almost to its detriment , `` Green Lantern '' is a two hour film that would have been much better at ninety minutes .
Short on story but visually entertaining , Green Lantern glows most brightly as a special effects showcase leaving dramatic pathos to other men wearing tights .
Lantern rarely taps the charm Reynolds has shown in previous films . Consequently , it 's hard to imagine why the nebulous Corps chose a cypher such as Hal as its savior .
Green Lantern is n't just bad , it 's Fantastic Four bad .
The result is a deadly disappointment , despite Ryan Reynolds 's cocky , muscle-flexing charisma .
You 'll need superpowers of your own to survive this hell .
For a movie that relies so heavily on energy to form its narrative , Green Lantern lacks any real oomph of its own .
It 's unremittingly average , high-caloric and indigestible junk food for the restlessly stupefied . We 've all been there .
Half-campy , half-compelling .
Green Lantern opens with the words `` Billions of years ago ... '' Take that as a sign of just how much time this ostensible action movie spends explaining itself .
For all the talk of conquering fear and harnessing energy , Lantern ironically plays it safe and gets grounded by a leaden , spiritless adaptation .
`` Green Lantern '' is purely a popcorn movie for 12-year-olds , who wo n't be disappointed .
Even the talents of director Martin Campbell ca n't make this anything more than yet another derivative comic book film . Frankly , I 'd rather read Donald Duck .
This is a harmless way to squander two hours of your life , but it 's impossible to imagine the green-clad central character becoming a serious rival to Batman .
More science-fiction space opera than superhero epic , it works in fits and starts as its disparate parts go in and out of effectiveness , but the professionalism of the production make it watchable in a comic book kind of way .
Reynolds - so good in recent movies like Buried and The Nines - just looks like a slice of inert beefcake .
Green Lantern does offer the occasional brightly-coloured thrill for those only interested in the most simple and straightforward of superhero tales . It 's a shame , though , that it ca n't aspire to anything greater .
Apart from some spiffy visual effects , which create coherent , scary textures and architecture for outer space , Green Lantern is the most generic of summer time wasters .
Mr. Sarsgaard succeeds in creating a real guy with real passions . Apart from him there 's nada .
A whole lot of familiar superhero elements thrown together in a haphazard , uninspired way .
A by-the-book Hollywood tentpole that exhibits competent blockbuster craftsmanship , but no special feel for the material at hand .
The picture is slathered with so much CGI goop that it 's often indistinguishable from a Saturday morning cartoon show .
... it screams for a coherent , well-told story .
Green , we 're told at some point in `` Green Lantern , '' is the color of will . Based on the movie surrounding that line , it 's also the color of wo n't . Wo n't make sense . Wo n't satisfy a soul . Possibly wo n't make a dime .
Reynolds is a charismatic lead , but the filmmakers miss the mark by making all the outer space stuff seem cartoony and the story on Earth cornball and dull .
About as enjoyable as an explosion in the mold lab .
Green Lantern is a new primer on how not to make a comicbook movie unless you want to screw shit up . Flat FX , smirky acting , clunky writing and clueless direction . WTF ?
A lot of eye candy worth savoring , but next to nothing in the departments of wit , depth , heart , or insight .
Gleefully pulpy dialogue that evaporates on the comics page -- lines like , `` You ca n't give in to fear ! I know what it 's like to be afraid to be afraid ! '' -- land with a series of heavy wet thuds on the cement floor of the cineplex .
Ryan Reynolds ' most heroic feat in this effects-laden comic book adaptation is saving it from being a complete dud .
Let there be light ? Eh , not so much .
an enterprise marked by an unlikable hero , patently unconvincing special effects and a muddled screenplay that chokes like LeBron James under the weight of giant gobs of raw exposition .
More fun than Thor , because the constructs are just more fun to watch than big dudes hitting each other .
Generic superhero movie , assembled with off-the-shelf narrative components and no authentic soul or emotion . Green Lantern is colorless .
A mind-numbing , misguided pandemonium that ranks as the biggest comic book misfire since `` Batman & Robin '' battled Poison Ivy .
Cornball dialogue and poor characterizations drag down the successes of the incredible visual effects .
A disappointing film that gets mired down in the clichés of previous comic book superheroes on the screen .
A soulless thrill ride , making a familiar comic book commotion without a sparkling personality or daring script to keep it awake . A superhero film should n't feel like a bedtime story .
Expectations were low for this superhero summer blockbuster wannabe , with Ryan Reynolds , and it meets them head on .
On brightest screen , in threest-D , It 's the latest franchisee ! This superhero 's super-slight ; Beware two hours ... Green Lantern bites !
It 's a mess , a boring mess , featuring boring Ryan Reynolds .
Director Martin Campbell has somehow managed to make the origin story the least interesting part of the film . And when that comprises a big chunk of your movie , it results in a pretty joyless experience .
More `` Daredevil '' than `` Dark Knight . ''
Green Lantern 's ring is cooler than Thor 's hammer , but not as awesome as Ironman 's suit .
`` Green Lantern '' does not intend to be plausible . It intends to be a sound-and-light show , assaulting the audience with sensational special effects . If that 's what you want , that 's what you get .
Reynolds is almost good enough to stand up to the gargantuan tower of emptiness that is Green Lantern , but he 's fighting a losing battle .
There are movies willed to life by the passion of their creators , and there are movies like Green Lantern , which are willed to life strictly by market forces .
I burned off a weekend in Hell sitting through this . What is Adolphe Menjou doing in this ? I hate the color green now .
Only in fits and starts , mostly in the most earthbound scenes between Reynolds and Blake Lively , does `` Green Lantern '' offer traces of real personality .
A solidly entertaining summertime spectacle and one of the more enjoyable films in the genre since 2008 's Iron Man .
I never thought I could feel sorry for Ryan Reynolds .
Green Lantern is no Iron Man -- and , for that matter , it 's no Green Hornet either .
-LSB- An -RSB- earnest and militantly generic film that sets up the likelihood of a sequel during its final credits without delivering any convincing reasons why anyone should be excited by the prospect .
`` Green Lantern '' is bad .
Even the most hardcore fans should be leaving the theater saying ` In brightest day , in blackest night , may a really crappy movie escape my sight . '
All the glowing green bolts of light may be enough for a summer action film , but ca n't disguise the soulless , by-the-numbers approach . And Reynolds ' hero has no personality .
Cool powers ? Check . Interesting villain ? Check . Interesting girlfriend ? Half a check . Angsty parental issues ? Check .
Casino Royale director Martin Campbell makes everything look good and the action scenes are watchable .
One of the weakest comic book superhero adaptations we 've had in awhile .
Martin Campbell 's Green Lantern is a mediocrity , neither folly nor kitsch .
Green Lantern is ultimately let down not by the weight of its ambitions , but total lack of them .
When it comes to the big questions , director Martin Campbell -- who knows about fresh starts , having twice revived the 007 series , first with `` Goldeneye '' and then with the recent `` Casino Royale '' -- seems to have most of the answers .
Green Lantern is lifeless , lacks emotional connection , charisma , good special effects , a flowing story-line and everything else that makes a movie entertaining .
As Norm Macdonald would say , ` Wait , what ? '
A fun movie that you can lose yourself in for a little over 100 minutes and get a thrill and laugh or two along the way .
Campbell made Zorro and Bond work as contemporary heroes , but does n't quite have the feel for poor old Hal Jordan .
`` Green Lantern '' is n't `` Jonah Hex '' bad . But it 's silly enough to be part of the same `` silliest Warner Brothers comic book summer movies of all time '' conversation .
Campbell seems unsure of what to do with one of the most shopworn figures from the DC Comics stable .
I did n't love this movie . But for the first half-hour , it had me , hungry for it to win me over completely . And then , it got too complicated .
... a comic-book movie that lets its nerd flag fly .
Lifeless , joyless , and a whole lot less than meets the eye . One has to wonder if all these superhero tales were created by way of `` Mad Libs . ''
A displaced amusement park simulator video - tacky visuals , unconvincing and only capable of holding your attention for minutes at a time .
The lantern kind of resembles a funky bong , and if you were to make use of one before seeing Green Lantern , the film would be a lot more fun .
As a superhero origin story , it 's a major disappointment , including the surprising revelation during the final credits .
A joyless amalgamation of expository dialogue and special effects that are n't especially special .
For an actor so often praised for his down-to-earth demeanor , larger-than-life may simply lie outside of Ryan Reynolds ' range .
There 's a tongue-in-cheek vibe that works occasionally as Lantern seems to have more in common with superhero flicks like FLASH GORDON ...
If , indeed , it is true there are only seven original stories in this world , surely the super-hero comic genre 's got a corner on the market on one of them . Now , even the people behind the mounting of this same-old same-old seem kinda bored by it all .
The season 's noisiest reminder yet that the amount of money thrown at the screen is n't nearly as important as the quality of the story being told .
Even in the brainless world of cinematic comic books gone bad , it 's as bad as it gets -- a dumb , pointless , ugly , moronic and incomprehensible jumble of botched effects , technical blunders , and cluttered chaos .
Watching this overproduced movie , which is devoid of real plot or characters , is like spending a day in amusement park , taking rides that vary in excitement , at the end of which you feel saturated and exhausted .
The digital effects and scenery are good ; some action sequences , including Lantern 's rescue of an out-of-control helicopter , blast the senses .
There was a lot of potential in Green Lantern , almost all of it squandered .
... a pretty joyless comic book movie experience .
At this point in the superhero genre the same old origin story simply is n't enough .
Green Lantern fails to shine .
Martin Campbell 's visually lavish sci-fi adventure is a highly unstable alloy of the serious , the goofy and the downright derivative .
Darting between Earth and the rest of the cosmos , Green Lantern can be fun as spectacle -LRB- which is why kids may go for it -RRB- , yet the whole movie is eye candy , and not much more .
It 's a frustrating , deeply flawed film rife with missed story opportunities and squandered potential .
Fails on so many levels , both as a movie and as a comics adaptation , that it 's easily one of the bigger disappointments of the summer .
Hallucinatory , glow in the dark gangbangers with trippy green bling . Which obscures the WW II roots of the DC comic that flourished back then , and subliminal focus instead on what green stuff was in the pipes those filmmakers may have been smoking .
Weakness is the Lantern 's greatest strength . If anything , there should have been more chinks in his CG armour .
Suffers from a terminal case of origin-osis , the disease that infects super-hero movies forced to explain a character 's origin .
It 's a comic-book cocktail for happy hour , a shot of quick-release gratification designed to give you a buzz from a top shelf of generic brands .
Despite a winning aw-shucks performance from Ryan Reynolds , the film ca n't overcome its thinly drawn characters and generally hokey execution .
Green Lantern is , more so than most , an accurate representation of -LSB- the comic book -RSB- artform : brisk , enjoyable and , like a 30-page single issue , ephemeral .
Disappointing superhero movie that delivers a couple of decent set pieces but is ultimately let down by a laughably poor script , some extremely dodgy editing , a lack of humour and a non-committal performance from Ryan Reynolds .
Two finger-drumming hours of puffed-up , prancing tripe , that could n't have been any more irritating if the lead role was played by that bellowing Go Compare fatso .
The ring may not make mistakes when it chooses a new Green Lantern , but plenty of mistakes were made in bringing Green Lantern to the screen , and in the end , I have a feeling this is our one and only trip to Oa .
Serves up all the requisite elements with enough self-deprecating humor to suggest it does n't take itself too seriously .
A film that 's all set-up and no pay-off : an origin story for a hero we do n't much care for with an elaborate lore we have zero interest in , toplined by a star who 's little more than a torso and a smirk .
Campbell 's ADD style privileges spectacle over story -- so much so that the film never rewards the viewer for even trying to keep track of what is going on .



@highlight

Noisy , overproduced , and thinly written , Green Lantern squanders an impressive budget and decades of comics mythology .