Begins with an outrageous concept and takes it to the -- pun definitely intended -- max .
It 'll be intriguing to see where Miranda goes from here .
A Scrappy Little Indie Odyssey
Director Miranda shows real skill here .
It almost works , too , though ultimately this visually splendid but sluggish story of a twentysomething would-be writer and his impulsive , overnight career as a bank and convenience-store robber takes the money and runs nowhere .
Overall , it 's less clever than -LSB- director -RSB- Miranda seems to think .
Energetic if incoherent .
Miranda , a busy and successful director of commercials , shoots it all with slick economy and efficiency .
The movie is so well made that it 's hard not to like this often funny movie regardless whether one takes the story too seriously .
A quirky little film that relies heavily on charm to make up for some rather glaring flaws in story , pacing and character . Fortunately , it has charm to spare .
The casting is unique , the acting able , and the camera work expert .
Berger appears to be a potential breakout talent , turning a character who could be endlessly irritating into an oddly charming , self-effacing rogue .
It works here , however , thanks largely to the strength of Berger 's performance and the way the movie 's familiar `` follow your heart '' message is diluted by a goofy subplot involving David trying to help Tom find gainful employment .
A slick and clean cut piece of slacker comedy with great production and a fun sound track but sadly lacking in edginess .
As charming an offbeat romantic comedy as anybody could hope to make on a micro-budget .
Despite stylish editing , lively performances and some effervescent dialogue , Skills Like This eventually becomes insipid , tedious , inane and a bit lackluster .
The writing is economically witty .
This likable indie comedy fails to completely get off the ground .
Berger and director Monty Miranda would have been better off concentrating on the Max-Lucy love affair and Max 's nonviolent , petty crimes instead of throwing in Max 's two best buddies and their efforts to reinvent themselves .
Skills Like This gazes indulgently on 20-something aimlessness and the comfort of assigned roles . In Mr. Miranda 's hands sloth can be more appealing than you might think .
Adding to the glut of slacker-loser comedies , Skills Like This is n't particularly good or bad , just very average .
The movie devolves into a series of increasingly pat , ill-thought-out setpieces , presided over by a hero who ca n't really sell sincerity while he 's sporting three-day stubble and a massive jewfro .
Monty Miranda 's fantasy for slackers sometimes slips into toilet-humor stupidity , but thanks to a knack for ingenious absurdity , Skills Like These is just ridiculous enough to be charming .
Skills thinks it 's far more magically whimsical than it really is .
The film 's portrait of bank-robbing as a solution to twentysomething aimlessness seems quaint when viewed through the filter of today 's economic hardships .
SKILLS LIKE THIS has a lot to offer , reminding us of the adage that the cheapest way to improve a film is with solid writing .
Likable but lightweight 2007 slacker comedy Skills Like This coasts on laid-back absurdist rhythms as three twentysomething pals scramble to redefine themselves in the wake of one 's self-affirming discovery of his talents as a thief .


@highlight

Though Skills Like This has little to distinguish , director Monty Miranda shows flashes of wit and talent .