A silly plot made worse in its bizarre exposition , Proud Mary is full of clichés that almost begin to feel deliberate , so hacky that you almost chance to believe the movie is self-aware , a parody of itself .
There 's a good movie buried within this unimpressive effort . Thank goodness for Taraji .
Proud Mary delivers on its shopworn promise : the heroine is wronged , riled , and puts things right in brisk fashion . In a time of bloated blockbusters , the no-nonsense approach offers minor pleasures for genre fans , if little else .
Tarji is good . The idea of her character is good . The idea of this movie is good . But you can tell that there was someone in the writer 's room that was like , `` Let 's just go back to our usual tropes about these kind of movies . ''
Is n't anything special or groundbreaking , but it 's watchable , competent and at times exciting , and deserved better than a burial
I did n't know that -LSB- Henson -RSB- had this ability in her and that was one of the highlights of the movie that overall I did n't think was was great or even necessarily very good but I enjoyed watching her in the movie so much .
`` Proud Mary '' is n't a retro action thriller at all , but a staid family drama , and an incredibly boring one at that .
A slick , entertaining , and engaging action drama with a sharp performance by Taraji P. Henson .
Proud Mary would be nothing special if it did not star Taraji P. Henson . But it does , and as a result it stands out like a beam of sunshine piercing the dull grey murk that is January at the movies . It is not brilliant , but it is definitely a lot of fun .
I would have assumed that $ 14 million at least means you can afford some ADR sessions .
An incoherent mess ...
The biggest disappointment , honestly , is that Proud Mary never really does anything with the 70s vibe the poster and the title sequence promise
Director Babak Najafi gives a reasonable facsimile of the gritty atmosphere of the so-called `` blaxploitation '' pictures of the 1970s .
Kudos , though , to -LSB- Taraji P -RSB- Henson , who 's mesmerizing to behold even in this drearily predictable bit of throwback blowback .
Where the movie falls and ca n't get up is in the dialogue , the camerawork , and the editing .
Taraji P. Henson makes everything around her look better . She just ca n't quite save Proud Mary .
The movie Proud Mary might not be anything special in itself , but its heroine sure as hell is .
Buy the soundtrack , skip the movie
It 's too aggressively mediocre for all that , and Henson , for her many merits otherwise , is encouraged to deliver a middling performance in kind . The movie knows what makes her worth watching . It simply does n't know how to make itself equally worthy .
Proud Mary is still worth watching for two reasons . One : Winston is a talented actor , one worth keeping your eye on , and the chemistry between him and Henson as a mother figure is genuinely affecting . And two : Henson is just the greatest .
Most of Proud Mary , for some reason , wants to be a dreary melodrama with little action and much formulaic dialogue .
While it 's not perfect , Proud Mary is a lot of fun during this gloomy January slump .
Talented Taraji P. Henson deserves a better franchise .
This dipshit drivel guns down Taraji P. Henson 's bid for action-hero glory - and it should be ashamed of itself for wasting such talent .
Winston and Henson manage to bring a depth to their relationship that the bone-stiff screenplay never truly does .
Indeed , the only thing swifter than vengeance here is the revelation of how rotten it is . At least you 'll never lose one minute of sleeping worrying about the way things might have been . But you may wish to test-drive a Maserati after it 's over .
Henson 's both-feet-on-the-ground performance tries to rein in the chaos , but the simple fact is that she-and the moviegoers , many of them people of color , who will come out to see this film-deserve much better support behind the camera .
Babak Najafi 's Proud Mary is a so-so action melodrama with an insulting whiff of generic blaxploitation stylistics .
We 're left to laugh at the film instead of with it .
Action scenes have the creaky familiarity of vintage TV cop shows , right down to the music . Even Tina Turner 's smouldering version of the John Fogerty classic that gives the movie its title fails to raise goose-bumps .
Where is the brassy , take-no-prisoners Taraji P. Henson we were promised ? Where has the potential in a slick action vehicle led by a top African-American actress disappeared to ?
Mary 's redemptive journey of a woman reclaiming independence through wisdom and wit comes alive in Henson 's capable hands .
It has an evocative title and the perfect star to deliver on the promise of a blaxploitation tribute , but Proud Mary is a flavorless mess that not even Taraji P. Henson can save .
`` Proud Mary '' is a flawed shoot-em-up whose heart may be in the right place , but its head is nursing a gaping wound .
Proud Mary is an entertaining enough thriller with some flare from director Babak Najafi , but works best as Taraji P. Henson 's action vehicle .
Violence , strong language in shallow mob-killer tale .
Ms. Henson , ever simmering , takes Mary 's moral conundrum very seriously . Her expressive eyes and nuanced body language work well for the character ; she can put across a major change in attitude just by shifting a hip .
You 'd think a movie called Proud Mary would be sonically sensational , but the busy score is so ineffectual that it might as well be coming from the next multiplex screen over .
It 's a good thing that -LSB- the -RSB- characters genuinely care about each other , because Proud Mary sure does n't , and most of the people watching it wo n't either .
They got the right star for sure , but they have n't given her a proper vehicle .
Proud Mary is an absolute mess , incoherent to the point of ineptitude , and certainly not something befitting the talents of its star .
Proud Mary is a film that was n't screened in advance for critics , and it does n't take long for you to fully understand why .
Better than its early January release date would suggest .
Henson clearly has the swagger , charm , and ferocity to make one hell of an action star . She deserves a movie that does her talents justice .
Certain words come to mind after seeing Proud Mary : oof , ugh , and blecch . It 's a shambles , bearing the hallmarks of significant post-production troubles .
If you have Taraji P. Henson , the wherewithal to invoke the badass funk films of the '70s , and the willingness to murder a pile of bad guys , then why not have some fun with it ? Such a pity .
Painfully dull stuff , keeping Henson muted and butt-kicking to a bare minimum , under the weird impression that ticket-buyers are more interested in condiment talk than thrilling acts of antihero self-preservation .
-LSB- T -RSB- he screenwriters and director Babak Najafi care about these characters ... -LSB- T -RSB- he filmmakers also are willing to dismiss those concerns in favor of plot and action .
`` Proud Mary '' does n't deserve the lack of faith its studio has in it . In fact , it 's almost good , so close to success that its flaws truly become frustrating .
But the mood is ruined by sloppy direction and an offbeat rhythm . You ca n't help but feel like you 're watching a parody rather than a sincere tribute to female-led blaxploitation films like Foxy Brown , Cleopatra Jones or Coffy .
Proud Mary is a solid addition to the female-led action film lexicon . While not perfect , the film still shines despite the odds -LRB- and A&M budget -RRB- stacked against it .
Ostensibly about a hired killer -LRB- the Halloween wigs and running-in-stilettos kind -RRB- who decides to reclaim her femininity , the picture is sunk by its all-male writing and directing team 's narrow conception of womanhood as lipstick and maternal instincts .
The lyrics of that song may urge Proud Mary to keep on , but all evidence here says she should call it a day - letting the actress who plays her find some more worthy franchise if she really wants to be an action hero .
Henson holds it together and , at moments , comes close to convincing you that you 're watching a better movie .

@highlight

Proud Mary proves Taraji P. Henson has more than enough attitude and charisma to carry an action movie -- just not , unfortunately , one this indifferently assembled .