De la Iglesia has a particular talent for carrying his audience through his strange and visceral imagination , hardly letting a breath be taken and yet leaving them gasping for more .
We live in times where the sensationalism of the provocateurs is more thoroughly accepted in suitable contexts . A movie this grim owes us the courtesy of a steady hand .
If Tod Browning , Luis Buñuel , Alejandro Jodorowsky , Pedro Almodóvar and Guillermo del Toro all dropped acid and compared notes , this film might be the result .
This strange film involving four clowns and an acrobat sounds like the setup for a joke , but it turns out not to be very funny .
Quizás una forma - la mejor que encuentra el director , o la que mejor le sale - de decir que el franquismo era una comedia hilarante y una tragedia sanguinaria al mismo tiempo .
a sensational surreal horror/comedy fairy tale co-written and directed by Basque auteur Alex de la Iglesia
Unhinged black comedy that serves , for better or worse , as a heavy-handed allegory of Franco 's Spain .
All in all , it 's a visual , aural and visceral kick in the ass .
Basque director Álex de la Iglesia 's exotic , surreal , hilarious , bloody and utterly explosive grand opus .
From the far-too-teeming brain of Spanish writer/director Alex de la Iglesia , The Last Circus is a bizarre , surreal , grotesque , fascinating , demanding , disappointing and ultimately exhausting political allegory that plays like a waking nightmare .
In much the same way Brian Wilson is said to have locked himself in his room after hearing Sgt. Pepper , every hack slasher-filmmaker in Hollywood should watch The Last Circus and call it quits .
For those with a taste for the subversive and outrageous , run , do n't walk .
It 's not a pretty picture , but it is a hellaciously gorgeous and original film .
The Last Circus is simply amazing . It 's the kind of titanic tour de force you do n't see in today 's cookie cutter cinema .
There 's a lusty depravity in play here , and a wild verve informs the film , but it 's not particularly coherent , and after time the sloppiness of the technique wears you down more than the little perks of audacity manage to lift you .
You 're left with the vague recollection of an interesting movie you were watching before you got kidnapped and subjected to over an hour of torture porn starring a fat , sadistic clown .
The emotional aberration and physical disfigurement , the violence different in feel from the US crew-cut variety , the revenge , the bursts of sick humor , do not meld well here .
If you like your baroque sex and violence with a side dish of heavy-duty symbolism ... put `` The Last Circus '' on your must-see list right now .
Take Fellini , Tarantino and `` Taxi Driver , '' throw 'em in a cage with a lion , and you 'd get this strange , wild trip .
Although not everybody 's glass of sangria , it has the making of a cult hit .
Brilliant , bizarre , dazzling and utterly demented ...
Bizarre , shocking and surreal , Last Circus is a significant film set against tumultuous political contexts ; I wish they kept the orginal Spanish title , Sad Ballad .
Plenty of moments linger ...
Baroquely sinister and grotesquely funny .
There are moments of great , caustic humor and delirious melodrama throughout The Last Circus . But as a whole , the film lacks the consistency , sorrow , and tremendous imagination of Guillermo del Toro 's Pan 's Labyrinth
Álex de la Iglesia holds back nothing , a strategy that generates a compelling sense of the phantasmagoric nightmarishness of Franco 's Spain .
Sure to inspire a cult of fervent fans , but equally sure to repulse a great percentage of its viewers .
A one-of-a-kind experience that will confound , befuddle and amaze .
Leave any semblance of sensitivity at the box office and enjoy this breathlessly paced , visually busy , certifiably nutty slice of Spanish surrealism .
The director mixes and matches with mordant wit .
While it 's packed with plenty of visceral and visual kicks , many of its themes may not translate to audiences beyond the borders of Spain .
The filmmaker 's lack of discipline ultimately mars the subtext , but the brazen fusion of Jodorowsky and Tashlin remains a heady mix that shows how timid and safe Pan 's Labyrinth really was .

@highlight

The Last Circus is an uneven but winningly insane blend of hard violence , sex , black humor , and social satire .