A 1950s-tinged noir thriller with comical overtones ... there are so many facets to this film that it ca n't help but keep us engaged .
... a solid film whose artistic composition stands out . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Suburbicon '' references the McCarthy era American Dream where diversity meant white people infiltrating formerly rural areas in bland suburban sprawls of brainwashed conformity where right-wing racists could live in safe little echo chambers of their own .
It 's all about execution that 's where it fails . You ca n't have comedy override moments of drama .
George Clooney reworked the script for this version , and he has ironed out all the eccentricity and dark humour that characterises the Coens ' work .
Suburbicon looks like it should be wonderful .
Overall , this is a movie that Coen Brothers aficionados and fans of quirkiness will enjoy , but the average moviegoer will be left scratching their heads and wondering what it 's all about .
The stories never mesh . In fact , they barely belong in the same movie . It 's as if someone decided to remake `` Double Indemnity '' and cross it with `` A Raisin in the Sun . ''
Suburbicon is Clooney doing lukewarm Coen brothers material as closely to their style as possible . Imitation is n't always flattering .
To say more about the plot 's twisty schemes and double crosses would be to spoil the fun of this flawed yet highly watchable B-movie .
This is a bracing exploration of the light and dark sides of American culture , cleverly delivering a searing message with wit and intelligence .
Then there 's the ending , which is touching but deserves to be in a far better film , preferably one that understands how to reach its point in a coherent manner that does n't abandon side stories and is aware of how to mix polar opposite tones
A film with a wonderfully complex first half deserves a second one that matches . The banal simplicity is what is off-putting . Still , Suburbicon is worth a watch for the spectacular performances .
Could it be that Clooney 's noble intentions did nothing but increase the open gap in American society ?
It is in that tone of satire and nightmare where the film knows how to situate its static dummies . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Clooney should have invited the Coen brothers to the shoot more often . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It could have been much more satisfying if Clooney and Heslov had stuck with the original plan and explored the timely real-life story Suburbicon is partly based on .
You know what they say about the road to hell . Here the good intentions are so compromised they scarcely merit the description .
Suburbicon somewhat argues that we should persevere with Clooney as a director of scope and dexterity even if not everything he throws at the wall sticks .
Though visually pleasant , if lacking flair , director George Clooney just ca n't make the film come together in a way that will elicit an audience reaction other than ` meh ' .
... what is seen on the screen is not far from the reality that is lived today in the country governed by Donald Trump and in many parts of the world ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's difficult to balance comedy , satire and thriller ... and that 's why Suburbicon , from the beginning , takes its time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If only the Coens had directed . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
As the plot progresses , the elements falter and become unstable . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Manipulative and irritating . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Clooney forgets that cinema is about empathy . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Maybe Clooney and the Coens are trying to make a point about how white privilege blocks out the rights and needs of an embattled part of society . Either way , it 's perplexing stuff in an entertaining film that ends up trying a little too hard .
The movie spikes with broadly comic or grisly violent extremes , but smooths out for dull stretches , and is oddly deaf to the tones of its thematic ambitions .
A strong cast and talented director never make the whole add up .
Clooney may not be a weighty sociocultural dramatist , but he 's not dim , so it 's surprising to see how misjudged and tokenistic this secondary part of the film turns out to be .
The screenplay is co-written by Joel and Ethan Coen and feels like bits left over from their earlier films .
Suburbicon makes much of the venality lurking behind the carefully tended facades of post-war America 's newly minted suburbia , and is not without its moments .
The characters are dull and defiantly unlikeable , the acting is wooden , the score is overbearing and its point is elusive .
Clooney , what on earth were you thinking ?
George Clooney 's best movie since The Ides of March ...
The cast do decent work , but Clooney 's ersatz Fargo misses the mark . A Coen pastiche rather than the real deal .
There were enough hints of Coens , a glimpse of Wes Anderson and a coating of Clooney 's sense of humour here for me to have a really fun few hours with this grotesquely daft black comedy .
Feels like a bone-headed clone of Fargo .
Clooney does n't pull his punches in a film as tart as a squirt of lemon juice in your eye , black-hearted comedy rubbing shoulders with outraged social commentary as he lets loose a howl of despair .
Suburbicon is neither as funny nor as clever as it thinks it is . It 's tempting to wonder what might have been had the Coens seen it through to the end .
Watchable , lively , intricately designed , but with exotic plot contrivances and parallel storylines that do n't fully gel .
Suburbicon is a dark delight -- a film that keeps you guessing , as well as appalled and amused . And the less you know going in , the better .
Clooney leaves his black characters short-changed -LRB- we barely get to know them -RRB- despite his heavy-handed highlighting of US racial injustice .
In spite of a fantastic cast , Suburbicon never truly invites you in .
By keeping the spotlight on the Lodge family , Clooney puts the Mayers at the back of bus , squandering a story about intolerance in favour of this mirthless murder comedy
The movie is a limp example of an unhappy genre : bland satire .
It 's only when the film starts silencing its black characters while trying to deliver a message about racial integration that it feels so self-defeating .
However , although entertaining in parts , there is very little connective tissue between the two main running storylines , creating a disappointing disconnect which prevents the movie from truly coming together in the end .
The path to hell is paved with the best intentions , and the first stop is Suburbicon .
Suburbicon ... is such a messy film that the satirical social commentary does n't hit .
-LSB- This -RSB- is George Clooney 's contribution to not helping the cause
... although the satirical targets are broad , the film is both muddled and obvious , lacking the depth to distinguish itself among the other cookie-cutter cinematic houses in Anytown , USA .
The mixture of genres and tones -LSB- works -RSB- , but that same mixture diminishes the personality . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The issue may have some relevance in the current US political scene , but it somehow comes across as very dated .
Suburbicon is a solid , darkly comic thriller that certainly could have delivered more on its political and historical commentary , but manages to do enough to warrant you checking out .
Matt Damon is fine as salaryman Gardner , as is Julianne Moore , doubling as wife Rose and her twin sister Margaret , but there is too much here that is under-developed and forgettable .
`` Suburbicon '' is n't as bad as you 've heard - it 's much worse .
fails to find the tangents between its several themes , yet still barrels along to the inevitably fiery climax that erupts as the residents of the titular enclave work themselves into overwrought lathers when pushed to their limits .
not a total loss , but it 's hard to see it as much more than an interesting failure
Despite being a tale of two families besieged by tragedy , the film fails to capitalize on all that dramatic potential and instead feels emotionally flat .
`` Suburbicon '' wants to make you laugh , and it succeeds from time to time .
It 's white male mediocrity hard at work . It might have its moments , but mostly Suburbicon is an ill-advised , messy , and problematic film that flagrantly misses its own mark .
With a twisty storyline that borrows from multiple genres , it 's sort of like a one-man band . It may sound muddled , but it 's unique enough that it 's hard to look away .
Suburbicon feels obvious and lazy and sometimes downright nasty .
The black characters are barely characters at all , and the murder mystery is a Hollywood hand-me-down .
Suburbicon gives away the game on its mystery a bit too soon , but it 's still fun watching the various shoes drop .
... this nasty , nihilistic little crime thriller does give you the pleasure of watching a whole bunch of unappetizing people get their just desserts , and I do find that to be pleasing on a primal level .
It 's a setup ripe with allegorical potential , but while Suburbicon is built on good bones , it 's an unfocused mess that wastes its opportunity .
For the most part , Clooney shoots for a genuine rather than farcical rendering of the Coens ' story , and it works .
Suburbicon 's flaws are a result of its ambitions .
In a year that has given us Get Out and Detroit , this is a lightweight rendition of a serious matter and not the `` statement '' that was apparently intended .
This thriller/black comedy/racial drama sadly misses the mark on all three levels .
Trying to tell two stories , Suburbicon ends up telling none at all .
George Clooney directs , very steadily , a pedestrian pace through fire to that idyllic end .
Ultimately , Suburbicon is just one of those movies that leaves you thinking about the better efforts from all the people involved .
It 's a high-wire storytelling act that 's difficult to imagine any director executing appropriately , and Clooney does n't come remotely close to nailing it .
It 's rare for so many talented people to come together to make a film as turgid and pointless as Suburbicon , a `` satire '' that aims high and comes up completely empty .
`` The Hudsucker Miscarriage . ''
It 's A Raisin in the Sun Meets The Donna Reed Show .
Despite his own good intentions , Clooney has proven time and again that racism is n't something he truly understands , and something that he has n't gone the extra mile to educate himself on .
It is a tangle of plots that all seek to be resolved in the end in a very forced manner . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Only occasionally does an image strike a lyrical blow and yield the creepy effect that Clooney is aiming for ...
It 's worth asking what kind of movie Clooney wanted to make-and what , exactly , he ended up with . A dark comedy ? A tragedy ? A thriller ? A character study ? Social commentary ? All of the above ? None ?
Tonally , Suburbicon is very flat ... But there 's something deeply fascinating about its flaws .
Sour , substandard fare , a murky melodrama that fails on almost every level except stylish production design .
I 'll say up front that I pretty much figured out the plot twist about 10 minutes into the film , but that did n't stop me from enjoying `` Suburbicon . ''
Given the ghastly result , perhaps the Coens should sue , since it 's almost inconceivable that their original idea bore much resemblance to a debacle that unexpectedly has emerged as one of the year 's worst films .
Visit `` Suburbicon '' at your own risk .
A loosely tied-together string of pleasurable moments and frustrating `` what ifs ? ''
'' a jarring combination that goes together as well as peanut butter and poison . ''
Matt Damon 's steely , stripped-back , average Joe style works against him , lending Lodge a stoicism and stony-heartedness that feels inhuman and even machine-like .
Suburbicon is as though Get Out was made by silly White people and it was terrible . Who the hell would want to watch that ?
In retrospect , Suburbicon does n't quite come together as either entertainment or a statement .
Clooney is too talented a filmmaker not to get in his licks . But this alternately comic and deadly earnest satire of the dark underbelly of 1950s suburbia - the Coen brothers had a hand in the script-is a movie that feels tonally at war with itself .
Do we need to be told , yet again , that evil lurks beneath the picture-perfect surface of American suburbia ?
The most original assault on the suburbs since PleasantvilleAmericanBeautyIceStormTheBurbsTheStepfordWives ...
Suburbicon goes immediately to the front of the line of contenders for the most disappointing film of 2017 .
A botched , missed opportunity . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
The cast does its best to keep the story tracking , but scenes that are intended to be funny do n't produce the expected laughs and the satirical point ... does n't resonate the way it should .
The movie just does n't succeed in overcoming an incurable tonal rift between the serious story -LRB- in fact , the racial component was based on real events in Levittown , Pa. in 1957 -RRB- and the Coens ' dark farce . It 's frustrating .
It 's a complex , conflicted movie that is as well intentioned as it is ultimately meaningless .
Really , all in all , Clooney 's made a good movie . But he could have made a great one -- if he 'd been willing to settle for one movie .
Fargo lite , fun , if also a mixed bag of 1950s era suburban America hypocrisy , murder , racism and pulp noir .
Ultimately , Suburbicon might have been better split into two movies , with each one given the space it needed to breathe . And is n't that what the suburbs promised ?
There 's no use beating about the bush : I really did n't like this movie . It tries to embrace both social satire and black comedy but its tone is strangely somber and its approach heavy-handed .
In a drama and thriller that struggles to be anything more than passable , the absence of such gallows humor is sorely needed and missed . As are the Coens .
Suburbicon never jells . Good intentions are not enough .
Clooney takes on the bold challenge of blending two seemingly incongruent genres -- classic film noir and hard-hitting civil rights drama -- with wavering results .
One day Clooney will be an American master in the directors pantheon , I think . But Suburbicon wo n't be the film to put him there .
Clooney goes against the instincts of the script , and makes the choice to play the majority of the movie straight -LRB- ... -RRB- so that when moments of comedy do come through , it feels completely wrong and tone-deaf .
Baffling and frustrating in equal measure , it 's difficult to judge who Suburbicon was made for and impossible to imagine who will actually like it .
What makes Suburbicon enjoyable is the Coen Brothers peculiar filmmaking staples .
This is quite clearly an odd duck of a movie whose gifts will undoubtedly elude some moviegoers . It 's not for everyone . But I enjoyed every minute .
Suburbicon seems curiously flat for a movie that dabbles in murder , bigotry and grownups who have n't really matured .
Suburbicon is bad . It 's bad in a way that you wonder after how anyone let it get this bad .
A rather dreadful black comedy that never manages to be funny enough to justify its ham-handed social commentary .
There are no hospital corners here , but Clooney finds ways to keep the material rolling along , even when humor and suspense take a periodic break .
In `` Suburbicon , '' none of it comes together and , in the end , it feels like Clooney is doing his best Coen Brothers impression instead of making this movie his own .
Everything about it feels like it tried too hard to be something more , that it does far too much telling and not enough showing . Suburbicon feels more like a weak parody than a biting satire .
`` Suburbicon '' wants to say something about us , today , but it ca n't get the words right . It ca n't even get the language right . It 's as marble-mouthed as its title .
The two stories are clearly connected , but we 're left with only a vague idea of how .
`` Suburbicon '' is like a beautifully gift-wrapped box that turns out to be empty or a shaggy-dog story that is supposed to be funny when there 's no ending .
Unsurprisingly disjointed , yet surprisingly not bad as a Hitchcockian , ` Fargo ' - lite quasi-satire .
There 's little in the film that will surprise you .
The narrative automobile lurches from fifth gear to first , then swerves into a white picket fence and bursts into flames .
Suburbicon is an epic mess , trying to achieve too much and settling for too little .
Resurrecting an old Coen brothers script , this would-be dark comedy is a depressing misfire , a baffling , awkward combination of nasty thrills and grim , ham-fisted social commentary .
Suburbicon is not only unfunny , a bad sign for a black comedy , but deep-dyed dislikable .
Suburbicon might be the most contemporary period piece I 've ever seen .
There 's just enough to stop it from being a complete bore . But , come the end , you 'll still think it was n't worth your time .
I 'm inclined to give Suburbicon a mild thumbs up .
Despite a dream teaming of director George Clooney , the Coen Bros , Matt Damon and Julianne Moore this misguided mishmash of noirish black comedy and social commentary fizzles .
a sloppy social commentary which says more about the people who made it than the individuals up on the screen
Suburbicon might be the biggest embarrassment to pious Hollywood liberalism since Crash won best picture in 2006 .
In the end , though , you 're left wondering what Clooney et al. wanted the film to be .
In Suburbicon , it feels as if the actor-director pulls punches as he tries unsuccessfully to walk the line between drama and satire .
... too obvious to be particularly subversive or revealing ...
Clooney 's sixth film as a director ... is Suburbicon , a misbegotten mashup of camp , satire , noir , and social commentary based on a Joel and Ethan Coen script from last century .
By the time Oscar Isaac swoops in with a fedora and a wolfish grin , the movie has become a bludgeoning pastiche .
Suburbicon offers a cursory depiction of racism but never delves as deeply into it as it should , making it another missed opportunity .
A misguided mix of nasty comedy and civil rights drama .
As kitschiness gives way to savagery , the tonal balance finally and fatally succumbs .
... the film surprises and attacks , points out and denounces , delivers hope but provokes reflection on the fear of the actuality of these other fears , of its rebirth and of its validity .
It 's strikingly bad , too somber to be a comedy and too dizzy to work as drama .
Yet there are some satisfying guffaws and bloodsoaked tension to be gleaned from the noir part of the story that unfolds in the house occupied by Matt Damon and multiple Julianne Moores . You get your kicks where you can with this mess .
If you 're merely out for a good time at the movies , you can safely skip `` Suburbicon . '' But true film buffs will want to peek behind the blinds of Clooney 's latest directorial endeavor .
The movie does get some fun gory mileage out of its cracked-Pleasantville premise ; but mostly it feels like broad farce madly in search of a cohesive center , and a soul .
As the film unfolds , things increasingly become further and further unbelievable , and lead to moments of would-be horror that instead made me laugh out loud , thanks to the incredulity of the situation at hand .
One true tale that exemplified the time might have helped .
Like comedy , satire has no room for error , and there are too many false notes in Suburbicon to land it in the top tier of the six films directed by Clooney , mainly Good Night , and Good Luck and Confessions of a Dangerous Mind .
Muddled merging of an old Coen Brothers crime script and the real-life racist eruption in 1950s Levittown , PA. . A misfire for director George Clooney .
The movie 's a sour mishmash of too many ingredients that should n't have been mixed together .
Clooney 's film telegraphs everything with a beacon , eschews basic logic and did n't elicit a single smile , let alone laugh . The best that can be said about `` Suburbicon '' is that it sports some cool vintage wallpaper .
In true Coen Brothers style , it borders on the obscene and the absurd , in order to make insightful observations about the human condition .
If there is a way to join these elements together , Clooney has failed to find it .
A misfire in virtually every respect ... Tonally the picture is a mess rather than a satisfying blend of disparate moods .
The pleasures of `` Suburbicon '' are in the moment , and the moments fade before the next moment . There 's no build , just flashes of virtuosity - flashes ultimately in the service of nothing .
What 's the point of `` Suburbicon '' ?
In filtering a ripped-from-the-headlines story through the prism of satire , `` Suburbicon '' winds up squandering much of its power . For all that the movie borrows from history , it conveys little in the way of truth .
The monumental misfire Suburbicon sinks to the bottom of a big pool of talent .
Clooney never really settles on a consistent tone , which emphasizes the uncomfortable attempt at fitting together pieces of a puzzle that clearly do n't match .
Clooney 's directorial career has been a bizarre 15 year reverse spiral during which he 's somehow managed to unlearn nearly everything about how to make a movie .
` Dark ' does not even come close . This schizoid , angry comedy may be for acquired tastes , and I may not be able to watch it again for quite a while . But I 'm glad I saw it and I 'm glad adventurous moviegoers can , too .
Irritating , faux-edgy , tonally wack , strained , unfunny , and such a colossally tone-deaf misfire
You might be inclined to play a game of `` who was responsible for this scene ? '' Mordant and absurd ? Coens . Righteous and angry because racism is bad ? That would be Clooney .
It 's dark , taste-of-evil work , and if director George Clooney is n't quite as visually kinetic as the Coens , he has an admirably grim sensibility .
... this shrewd set of jabs at American pride and its many prejudices has done its job mighty well .
Clooney is far too self-congratulatory in his commentary-he either wants credit for how enlightened he is or wants to applaud us for being hip enough to catch what 's superficially subversive about this exercise .
Perhaps the Coens could have made a better film of Suburbicon , but their friend Clooney has presented a collection of moments that never quite meld .
George Clooney stirs up a hornet 's nest of racial animus for no good reason .
It wants to be both a cynical reimagining of ` To Kill A Mockingbird ' and a Coen Bros ' black comedy .
In the grand scheme of Coen brothers ' scripts with nimwits making hugely bad decisions , Fargo exists on one brilliant end while Suburbicon lands with a hearty thud somewhere on the other side .
Somewhere lost in the middle of Suburbicon is a really funny crime story , and a potentially powerful one about racism .
It wants to be a gritty , complex dark comedy but aside from a handful of unexpected twists , it 's not particularly funny or engaging .
... despite evoking the period through great design work , the film just does n't live up to the sum of its parts .
The satirical aspect hinted in the film 's first half is quickly let go for a more Fargo-esque dilemma in coincidental absurdities . The shifting of tone can sometimes be very intrusive and brings upon a lack of tonal cohesiveness to the story .
Clooney is adept at propelling the action along , papering over the material 's shortcomings .
Such touches around the edges matter little in a movie that just is n't there .
What we do n't need are more movies that treat black characters as props and backdrops for stories about white people , and black pain as entertainment and education for white people .
If parody is supposed to include comedy , Clooney did not get the memo .
a dark and comedic jab at suburban life and the secrets of those who live there .
The best parts are obviously the Coens ' and the worst parts are obviously director George Clooney and co-writer Grant Heslov 's . Trouble is , the best parts are n't that great and the worst parts ... yikes .
There are some fun moments in the film 's back half , but Suburbicon is only the latest in an increasingly long list of flops that demonstrate that the unflappable movie star is better suited in front of the camera .
This startling misfire is a tonal disaster from start to finish .
The best laid plans go hysterically awry in Suburbicon , a gleeful skewering of America 's dark heart from director George Clooney .
It 's a scattered film , making too many vital points at once . By neglecting to bring them together into one single story , Clooney undercuts them all .
It makes a run at cleverness , trying to be a dark screwball commentary on America 's race problem . But instead it 's just a spectacular flop .
Suburbicon is so inoffensive in its competently mounted quirk that you wo n't mourn the film that might have been .
Suburbicon 's intermittent strengths are n't enough to carry it , let alone make up for its ham-fisted attempts at saying something of greater importance .
I frankly do n't know why Suburbicon happened . I do know that pulpy black comedy combined with a straight-ahead story of racism translates into sanctimonious pulp .
`` Suburbicon '' is a surprisingly tone-deaf combination of two wildly different stories that simply do n't work in concert .
Just because a period movie screams `` still so socially and politically relevant ! '' does n't make it a riveting must-see .
Suburbicon is a feature-length tweet .
Clooney is so heavy-handed with both the satire and commentary on race , watching `` Suburbicon '' builds into a frustrating experience .
Despite some creative mayhem , frustratingly uneven .
Suburbicon sees a bunch of candidly left-leaning movie stars doing their best to out-awful each other .
The results play like some Robert Zemeckis splicing experiment gone wrong , as though Clooney had somehow digitally inserted an earnest social-issues drama into a zany mishap noir .
A huge disappointment .
There are two stories sharing the screen in Suburbicon . Like the characters in the film , they make very poor neighbors .
Whatever stabs at dark comedy , social satire and noir-esque murder mystery the Coens may have once been mulling with Suburbicon are only superficial wounds in -LSB- George -RSB- Clooney 's hands .
Most of the film is just a flat imitation of Blood Simple , following along as a noose slowly tightens around the necks of the inept lovers-slash-murderers at its centre .
It 's immensely stylish , darkly funny , and has dialogue partly written by the Coen brothers , which never hurts .
It 's fizzingly entertaining . Clooney and his team revel in their pastiche of the all-American 1950s lifestyle that still obsesses certain US citizens , and the actors revel in their roles .
Suburbicon provides a subject right for its tone , making this easily Clooney 's best since Good Night and Good Luck .
The tone Clooney favours is far wilder than Wilder - a broad , zany slapstick noir . And it 's an absolute hoot .
Suburbicon is the type of work to sink one 's teeth into ; cooked rare and oozing with hemoglobin .
George Clooney directs Matt Damon from a Coen Brothers script . Brilliant , right ? How could they go wrong ? Well , if nobody involved in the creation of Suburbicon went terribly , egregiously , wrong , they did n't quite go right either .
This is what a thriller about human nastiness and stupidity looks like when it has been completed by a keen humanitarian .
In the end , Suburbicon is a town not only that you 're glad to leave but that you wish you had n't bothered picking up the brochure for .
I laughed in many of the places where Suburbicon wants us to laugh , yet something feels ill-balanced from the get-go-like a carelessly mixed gin and tonic that you drink anyway , wincing at the bitter follow-through .
An undeniably entertaining watch , `` Suburbicon '' stumbles when it tries to recycle effective old ingredients into something new .
The filmmakers never let us forget how hip they are to humanity 's dark side , and their hyperawareness is more wearying than it is illuminating .
Co-scripted by the Coen brothers , -LSB- Suburbicon -RSB- is both wildly entertaining in its own macabre , violent fashion , and also very perceptive about racism and hypocrisy in middle-class white America .
When -LSB- George Clooney -RSB- explores his passions , whether it be journalistic integrity or the false virtues of white American liberals , the man is a force to be reckoned with .
A great vomitone against things such as the eternal America , eternal republicanism , the eternal American way of life , eternal racism and , already , eternal eternity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Superbly realised film that is paced to perfection .
This screenplay has been around for a while and it 's a shame it did n't remain on the slush pile , for the Coens and Clooney are better than this .
It 's a hectic , sour and muddled film - a flailing counterfeit of satire that keeps slipping on its own banana skin supply , and never remotely gets to grips with what it thinks it 's sending up .
The racial elements , added by Clooney and co-writer Grant Heslov , flesh out what would otherwise feel like familiar Coen territory .
I just wish the actual film was n't so skimpy and brash and so evidently pleased with itself .
There 's a lot of entertainment value in the movie 's bits , because Clooney is not only an excellent director of actors , he 's got a great eye for shots and a good head for individual scenes .
Suburbicon is a solid , pleasing piece , even if it never quite reaches the bleak heights its set-up promises .
It pushes too hard from the start , then steadily goes off the rails from dark to dyspeptic , lacking the originality , bite or tonal consistency to make up for dipping from a very familiar James M. Cain well .
A lightly sneaky and entertaining movie .
The joints show , making the enjoyable but just-not-quite-there `` Suburbicon '' feel like Clooney taking the mic for some pretty decent Coens karaoke .
A garish and overblown crime melodrama that combines clumsy noir with lame jabs at 1950s suburban conformity and racism , two subjects whose satirical sell-by date are now decades past .

@highlight

A disappointing misfire for director George Clooney , Suburbicon attempts to juggle social satire , racial commentary , and murder mystery -- and ends up making a mess of all three .