It just touched on so many different issues like love , the sanctity of marriage , forgiveness , rage , entrapment , loneliness and helplessness .
Mr. Mendes at least has an idea what he should be going for even though he ultimately fails .
There is not a shred of hope , light or even life in Mendes ' fourth film .
Revolutionary Road 's portrait of a disintegrating marriage is so unflinching , so unsentimental , and so bleak , that you really need to be in a buoyant emotional state to get through the movie .
Most of the way , the film feels more like a documentary about the couple than a corrosive study of either of them .
These people are not tragic , they 're not even pathetic - they 're fountains of soap-opera profundities .
From the director of American Beauty comes another empty , fake-meaningful tale of how rotten it is in the suburbs .
... far beyond deconstructing the man in the gray flannel suit . ... -LSB- writer Richard Yates -RSB- explored ways we acquire and define our identities from people we love , and how we set our lives on self-deceptive and self-destructive courses .
Revolutionary Road offers nothing you ca n't see on TV , with more compelling narratives and better performances -LRB- save for Michael Shannon -RRB- .
Mendes has made a troubling film that wrestles with big themes and touchy subjects , even if it is set in an overly familiar milieu .
The characters in this film are weak-willed , pathetic losers . I just could n't muster much sympathy for the characters that could n't burst out of the cages of their own design .
Revolutionary Road is content to stick with hoary cliches about the emptiness of middle-class bourgeois life .
Middlebrow self-consciousness
It 's hard to shake the feeling that this is merely a lesser rehash of Mendes ' more accomplished film American Beauty .
jo % u0161 jedan primjer u dana % u0161njem Hollywoodu sve iritantnijeg % u017Eanra `` dajte mi Oscar '' filmov
It plays like Douglas Sirk without the irony .
... more of a sedate lecture on values than a revealing or entertaining look at life and love .
Ca n't tell whether Mendes speaks through his characters or speaks about them
Similar yet better domestic dramas that come to mind for comparison purposes include `` In the Bedroom , '' `` Little Children '' and `` American Beauty . ''
Chilly and academic , thoroughly admirable but one step removed from the very real angst of a movie like The Man in the Grey Flannel Suit -LRB- 1956 -RRB- .
Suburban malaise has seldom been better looking or better acted .
-LSB- Solid -RSB- performances took me over some of the bumps of the movie .
The result of all this combined talent is a masterpiece of a film that reveals the hidden disease at the heart of American life in the 1950s .
A road to ruin paved more by mindless conformity than by good intentions .
Bolstered by Thomas Newman 's score , spot-on set design and the brilliant source material , `` Revolutionary Road '' is a darkly effective portrait of an Eisenhower-era couple who fall tragically short of reaching Camelot .
The film is blatantly aimed at the Oscar committee - anyone else may well find it slightly dull .
If ever there were a film that aimed for the zeitgeist and missed badly , it 's this one .
Sam Mendes 's film , based on a faithful screenplay by Justin Haythe , is beautifully crafted .
Sam Mendes has created an intelligent , thoroughly engrossing , beautifully acted adaptation of a classic novel that depicts the tragic underside of America 's sunniest decade .
The acting is amazing but the story is one long drive to despair
-LRB- ... -RRB- Al menos desde Quin le teme a Virginia Woolf ? , de Mike Nichols -LRB- 1966 -RRB- , no se vea en el cine estadounidense el resquebrajamiento de un matrimonio de manera tan cruda y tan honesta .
Revolutionary Road is a dumbed down movie . But it 's not dumbed down for just general audiences ; it 's dumbed down for would-be intellectual audiences , people who are supposed to like books . It sorely fits contemporary times .
Terrivelmente prejudicado em função da abordagem distanciada e excessivamente racional de Mendes , que parece estar sempre julgando e condenando seus personagens .
Handsomely done and beautifully acted , just slightly wanting in a screenplay that leaves questions unanswered about what 's behind these unhappy people . And it 's ultra-depressing ...
This is a sobering , well-observed film that does n't fully hit the mark but sets up enough pleasing ideas to chew on regarding ambition , marriage and ideals of how to live one 's life , individually and as a couple .
A worthy but slightly cold adaptation of a classic American novel that fails to fully engage the audience 's sympathy despite first-rate performances and some sublime camerawork by multiple Oscar nominee Roger Deakins .
Ultimately , the performances are -LRB- rightly -RRB- more involving than the story . By the same token , the actors are more involving than the film .
A deeply felt , moving and genuinely tragic study of a marriage tearing itself apart .
It feels removed from the messy energies and doomy turbulence it depicts , filtering them through an aesthetic sensibility so tasteful , controlled and ultimately second-hand , that it can impress but never truly move us .
It leaves you feeling voyeuristically sullied ; scrubbing the blood out of your mental carpet , privy to something simultaneously indulgent and inconsequential .
Mendes is careful to keep the mood largely sombre ahead of a gruesome denouement which , visceral as it is , does n't alter the pattern of the film ; delivering more food for thought than fire in the belly .
In terms of performance and production , this is an undeniably high-quality affair . Yet it 's all rather superficial .
DiCaprio and Winslet channel much nuance into their home-based hell . Mendes ' level-headed helming is best at pinpointing the brutality of banality , while Roger Deakins ' lush cinematography stylises suburbia as a lavish velvet coffin for its residents .
While Yates ' story retains flecks of perceptiveness , this is as disappointing as the characters ' compromises .
The acting impresses , the plight of the characters , less rounded and sympathetic than they are in the book , merely depresses . Roadworthy then , but hardly revolutionary .
A great script , visually stunning cinematography and great direction from Kate 's husband Sam Mendes make this a remarkable experience .
Justin Haythe 's disappointing screenplay is less than cinematic . Too much of the dialogue is on-the-nose , and more akin to theatre than real life . Far too much is said . The brilliance of Yates 's novel lay in the amount that he left unsaid .
You come out knowing you have seen some great performances , brilliant direction and beautiful cinematography , but it is just not a film you love .
It 's as if someone 's taken the American Dream , lashed it to a table and cut it open to see how it works . An uncomfortable process , to be sure , but an awfully compelling one , too .
When he made his big-screen debut with American Beauty in 1999 it felt thrillingly fresh . With this second take on suburbia , Mendes is reversing up a well-worn path .
Winslet gives Revolutionary Road its depth and heft . That face still gazes at us , with its seraphic blend of beauty and horror , minutes , even hours , after we have left the theatre .
WITH all the talent , time and effort that has gone into making a movie like this , I hate reducing it to one word . But here goes . Revolutionary Road is ... AWFUL .
This is an honourable attempt to get at the heart of a great novel . Its account of marital failure and of lost illusions is consistently absorbing and occasionally heart-rending .
Another accomplished , subtle piece by American Beauty director Sam Mendes -LRB- aka Mr Kate Winslet -RRB- , this looks like a super-gorgeous episode of Mad Men .
The book and the film may be nailed to their Fifties period -LRB- everyone seems to smoke perpetually -RRB- but what Revolutionary Road says about not so quietly desperate lives is still appropriate today .
Beautifully shot , superbly written drama that exerts a powerful emotional grip and features terrific performances from a reunited Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio .
Mendes digs into suburban life with a riveting and ultimately stark marital drama ... . And it 's the terrific acting that keeps us engaged .
I do n't know anyone who 'd want to watch , in these miserable times , a marriage swirling down life 's khazi . But that does n't stop it being a fine piece of work . And while I did n't enjoy it at all , I can definitely recommend it .
Revolutionary Road may strive for heaviness , but it 's more doughty than weighty . The film is a doorstop that thinks it 's a statue .
Revolutionary Road is a moany , groany , phoney Oscars contender that 's all boo-hoo-hooey . Mendes merely assumes we will share his characters ' contempt for ` burbs life .
Kate Winslet 's message is strong and if you do n't get it the first time Kathy Bates will tell you again , but it could have been delivered sans hysteria . Flawless sets and costumes make this a sumptuous but sad trip into the '50s .
This is a movie by and for the actors , especially for Kate Winslet , whose prodigious talents are well used throughout this bleak , troubling and powerful drama .
Revolutionary takes us down a familiar road .
Suburbia never was what it 's cracked up to be .
DiCaprio and Winslet deliver terrific performances .
If Revolutionary Road had been filmed back in 1961 , when the novel came out , it would have been timely and powerful .
Each revelation . Every event . A snapshot . -LSB- Sam -RSB- Mendes lingers on the characters % u2014 especially Golden Globe winning -LSB- Kate -RSB- Winslet % u2014 and wordlessly lets you feel what they feel .
Revolutionary Road is a very powerful film even if I 'm unsure whether or not it 's also a very good one .
Imagine , if you can , what Tennessee Williams might have written for a story line of TV 's Mad Men and you 'll get a good picture of Revolutionary Road .
Mendes ' skillfully struck detachment sabotages pathos .
There are no wasted moments in this film . There are many you ca n't watch without wincing .
While the theme of ` what are you doing with your life ? ' resonates , it 's not much fun to watch , in spite of splendid performances from all concerned .
Sooner or later it becomes very hard to escape the sense that nothing actually happens in this film .
A gripping and harrowing dissection of two deluded souls .
A cold and unappealing drama that is almost cripplingly middle-class .
Does Yates 's work stand up today ? If you want an insight into the horrors of being married to the wrong person , there 's nobody like him . But the result is not so much riveting drama as highly potent aversion therapy .
Revolutionary Road is a very well-made film indeed , and if it stings a little , that is only a testament to how strong a work it is .
Watching a Sam Mendes film is like sitting in a room while all the air is being sucked out .
There is great anguish and great artistry in this showcase by Winslet . This is a film that hurts so good .
It packs some dramatic fireworks but , in the end , not enough emotional punch .
If the film seems obvious compared to the novel , it captures Yates ' idea that the young , even naive , Frank and April are play actors in their own lives ...
... brilliant and cold , like a sun-flooded winter 's day .
Skilfully adapted and superbly directed , the film is an emotional tornado , delivered with exceptional performances from not only the two leads but the entire cast
An involving film that disturbs on the deepest levels as tensions mount , words ricochet like bullets and actions speak louder than words
Except for a handful of misplaced laughs , `` Revolutionary Road '' is nothing but loud arguments , awkward silences and other bits of unpleasantness .
This cracked social mirror the director holds up to society is no pretty sight . Although it 's impossible to turn away .
Sam Mendes , the Oscar-winning director of American Beauty , has made another American beauty , this one a powerful examination of a young couple trying desperately to deal with the plasticity of 1950s suburbia .
People will argue over the film 's histrionic tendencies but stars Kate Winslet and Leonardo DeCaprio bring it in every scene and produce an admittedly depressing film .
DiCaprio and Winslet 's cinematic reunion only highlights Revolutionary Road 's bleakness : Even if the Titanic had n't gone down , the film tells us , these lovebirds were still doomed .
Revolutionary Road ranks right up there with Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? in its characterization of a coupling deeply scabrous and defective .
Revolutionary Road is n't just a failed literary adaptation . It 's a failure of the worst kind : It does n't even make you want to read Richard Yates ' deservedly legendary book .
Director Sam Mendes , who covered similar ground in American Beauty , evokes the Eisenhower years in every detail and sets a reasonable pace for the script . Yet the path is so familiar that not a step along it takes us by surprise .
Bitter , nerve-wracking , ugly and relentless , Revolutionary Road is Big Drama done right , a mesmerizing look at desperate lives , wrong moves and spoiled dreams that hits hard right from the beginning and never lets up .
Viewers in the mood for rip-snorting marital combat should go ahead and partake , but they must prepare to leave the theatre in a state of profound depression .
Revolutionary Road , an essay on the emptiness of 1950s suburban life , leaves one with an empty feeling .
Revolutionary Road 's existential dread of unspoken feelings bubbling to the surface perhaps better resembles Tennessee Williams , a towering explorer of authenticity and self-delusion .
The film is jolted into hopes and dreams and more importantly , escaping a blah life . But you can just sense there is something else . After all , this film is n't called ` Frank and April Move to Paris . '
After Winslet 's amazing performances in The Reader and Revolutionary Road , it 's quite possible -- and maybe even likely -- that she 'll get two Oscar nominations this year .
Parental Content Review
The result also has the authentic quality of real people clinging to the aphorisms and going through the motions demanded by the situation and the times , all of which is bathed in lush regret by cinematographer Roger Deakins .
Dreary and depressing tale that would not have survived without the powerful and emotional performances by Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio .
... a limp , facile condemnation of suburbia -LRB- though in the interest of full disclosure , I moved from Chicago to the suburbs six years ago and happen to enjoy the extra trees . -RRB-
Unlike the novel , which you can set aside and take a break , with the film version of Revolutionary Road , you 're in for the duration , and it 's ultimately too much to take .
Winslet gives a fearless performance here . It 's not her fault her husband has shrouded it in Taste .
This film is so good it is devastating . A lot of people believe their parents did n't understand them . What if they did n't understand themselves ?
Like its cinematic kin , Frost/Nixon and Doubt , this , too , is a delicately crafted , prestige project whose translation to screen does n't deliver the original 's amazements .
Sam Mendes has worked in this territory before with his Oscar-winning American Beauty . Revolutionary Road is a better movie because it does n't rely on such blatant caricatures .
The movie is intense and stylized , and bristling with great performances .
Revolutionary Road is easily the best-acted film of 2008 , and one of the most corrosive .
-LSB- A -RSB- devastating if flawed adaptation of the Richard Yates novel .
The many millions who swooned over their romance in Titanic should expect to encounter a very different couple in Revolutionary Road . The bloom is very much off the rose .
Revolutionary Road gets my vote as the best American film of 2008 .
It is as fascinating as a train wreck , as well as the most sensitive , wryly compassionate , immaculately acted and uncannily real a movie portrait of a dysfunctional marriage as I can remember seeing since Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ?
A heartbreakingly sad yet remarkable film from director Sam Mendes .
Sam Mendes , still better known for his theater work than as a movie director , has put a decidedly theatrical spin on Richard Yates ' 1961 novel .
Somehow the film fails to inspire more than admiration , never reaching the same heights of empathy achieved by less impeccable treatments of the same topic .
Sam Mendes 's spiritually depleted film exerts an undeniable pull as its beautiful , doomed protagonists navigate the ennui of adult life . Revolutionary Road provides an apt bookend to a holiday season drenched in fatalistic gloom .
The self-dramatization is harder to capture , sometimes coming off as false moments between the actors , yet this is still a troubling story of two good people who ca n't live with the truth that they 're as ordinary as their neighbors .
As it goes on , Revolutionary Road starts to feel like a tepid rewrite of a Douglas Sirk weepie .
Intense adult drama shocks but does n't awe .
The movie 's really a psychological horror story in which the characters , especially the wife , are broken down as surely as the spinster Eleanor Vance played by Julie Harris in The Haunting .
They should hand out complimentary razor blades at the end of Revolutionary Road . But if anyone can find the refresh button on the exhausted suburban malaise genre , it 's Kate Winslet . And she does .
With kinetic ferocity the two proceed to rip one another to shreds , and within the first ten minutes it becomes more than apparent the only thing hitting an iceberg here will be these two 's marriage .
Sam Mendes , the director of Revolutionary Road , injects a few milligrams of hope into his film version of the 1961 Richard Yates novel , an excoriating portrait of a mid-1950s marriage built on sticks , straw and delusion .
By emphasizing the breakdown of a marriage without ever establishing the hope and dreams that gave birth to it , Mendes has made leaden and incessantly depressing what was insightful and breathlessly dramatic on the page .
Another tale about how suburban domesticity is miserable simply because it 's marriage and it 's the suburbs .
... stale and predictable .
Revolutionary Road hits theaters at the height of Oscar season . That does n't mean it 's Oscar worthy .
It 's a sterile , contrived film about unlikable people that 's only worth seeing for a few very good performances .
... consistently elevated by the superb performances and Sam Mendes ' expectedly enthralling directorial choices .
you outgrow these arguments -- you only hope that the entertainments intended to illuminate as you get more curious have the decency to mature at the same pace
A beautiful-looking but essentially lifeless work that would seem more at home on a mantelpiece than on a movie screen .
These are performances - and lives - lived in quotation marks .
Revolutionary Road is for those of you who think Marley & Me looks like a sappy , falsely cute , sugary sweet concoction of junk .
However familiar it may ring , this very downbeat tale about dreams dashed in the name of stifling social conformity feels freshly devastating , thanks to the lead pair .
Like Columbus , British filmmaker Sam Mendes insists he 's discovered America .
It may be , as Thoreau said , that `` most men lead lives of quiet desperation , '' but in the movies , desperation is much more likely to be loud .
The build-up gains slow momentum but once it finds its rhythm Rev Road is positively devastating
Revolutionary Road is content to be a powerful film about an ordinary troubled marriage ; the kind taking place in a handful of houses on your block - perhaps even in your own .
A showcase for DiCaprio and Winslet 's formidable talents , and they are up to the challenge of playing tortured , well intentioned but ultimately doomed victims of dashed dreams .
Kate and Leo just stand around shouting the subtext at one another , mired in that typical Mendes swamp of gloss wherein every shot looks like a picture from a coffee-table book .
A film that , by the end , turns into a far more unsettling haunted-house story than The Amityville Horror .
Revolutionary Road is n't emotionally engaging or moving .
We understand -- immediately , like in the second or third scene , thank you -- that they are tragically suppressed ; why should we care ?
What is it about the 1950s that brings out the worst in cultural historians ?
This is not the film to see if you 're looking for light , frivolous entertainment , but it reflects humanity in a way that can be cathartic .
Strong performances steer this 1950s marital drama out of a period-picture trap .
In pieces and in spirit , the many honest parts of this drama about marital life in the 1950s are like the rooms of a house that feel right , even if the exterior slopes somewhat clumsily .
A very powerful drama .
Give me something to care about .
Revolutionary Road , a waxworks edition of the furiously unsentimental novel by Richard Yates , tracks the unraveling of a handsome young suburban couple in the 1950s .
The crossed-signals and secret selfishness of a bad marriage are the sour heart of Revolutionary Road . And it is devastating .
It 's keenly observed , handsomely mounted , supremely well-acted , and distant in a way the period trappings ca n't quite explain away .
The pompous direction was inflicted by Sam Mendes , who seems to regard the 1950s as a foreign country .
Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio rise to the acting challenges of this downbeat exploration of 1950s suburban ennui and marital discord , adapted from the acclaimed novel by Richard Yates .
Mendes very simply creates a period picture and thus fails to justify why the material is still relevant in 2008 .
Even though we could reasonably wonder if there had to be yet another one of these blasted suburban satires , at least Revolutionary Road is a pretty good entry in the field .
A bleak , bitter , brilliant portrayal of the failure of the fifties version of the American dream it so beautifully captures in period terms .
If you 're looking for an intense , character-driven movie , Revolutionary Road delivers big time .
So straight and formal there 's no room to breathe .
At any moment , we expect the depressed , chain smoking gilded cage suburban house pet Kate to morph into Sylvia Plath , poised to stick her head in the oven , a premature free spirit bloodied Christ figure imprisoned behind a window in a breezy hollow world .
We all lead lives of quiet desperation , though some of us are louder than others .
What is the point of ` Revolutionary Road , ' besides providing a showcase for two dynamic actors , Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet , to chew the scenery in an overwrought exposition of domestic combat ?
Extremely well-acted and not without its effective interludes , Mendes ' latest effort is done in by a final ten minutes that lessen the story 's would-be impact with an overload of tacked-on contrivance .
From cast to conclusion , Revolutionary Road is fate funneled through a true artist 's muse .
An unflinching look at the discontent of a suburban couple and the ways they deal with the death of their dream of liberation .
reminds us how , in 120 minutes , a picture can go from `` I can not wait to see that '' to `` I never want to see that again . ''
-LSB- A -RSB- didactic , emotionally overblown critique of the soulless suburbs .
Why does the movie feel as pleasantly deadening as the midcentury Connecticut suburb where it takes place ?
The best thing about Revolutionary Road ... is that it does n't end with that rote vision of bourgeois anomie . It only begins there .
Buy the house in the suburbs , go to work , take out the garbage , have an affair -- slowly these two mortgage their dreams .
It is good , not great , and it is the two stars that make this worth the price of admission .
A skillfully composed but gloomy affair that rigidly positions itself as a Serious Adult Drama of the feel-bad variety .
Who on earth seriously wants to watch an entire movie of Kate and Leo squabbling as their marriage implodes ?
An extraordinary motion picture that harnesses spellbinding emotional discharge and enthralling disgust , using two of the most talented and captivating stars of today to bring to the screen a masterwork of domestic isolation .
Since Mendes has kept us emotionally at arm 's length with his structured , hermetically sealed production , it 's hard to care about whether they 'll ever find that elusive something .
An unforgettable film and one of the year 's best .
Revolutionary Road/i > is dramatically potent material and , although it poses a number of philosophical questions , it works best as an unsentimental examination of a marriage in crisis .
-LSB- B -RSB- oth the protagonists are thoroughly mediocre , uninteresting people , and I never figured out why I was supposed to care about the fate of either of them .
It 's cynical dramedy for people who pride themselves on being smart -- that is , unsentimental .
Affected , overwrought misstep from director Sam Mendes tracks the brutal disintegration of a 50s-era suburban couple in high style and higher melodrama .
Certainly the best work Mendes has ever produced for the screen , Revolutionary Road works as a showcase for performances : DiCaprio and Winslet are at the top of their game .
Hoplessly bleak and disturbingly detached , this dissection of a doomed marriage is saved by Kate Winslet 's formidable performance .
Directed with extraordinary skill by Sam Mendes , the film is a tough road well worth traveling .
Revolutionary Road is impressive , but it feels like a classic encased in amber .
There will be tears .
Dutifully reproduces incidents and particulars while only rarely glancing at the underlying element of self-deception , of acting a part , that defines said moments .
The territory covered is bleak but searingly honest . Itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s another terrific achievement for Mendes .
Is the movie trying too hard ? In moments of self-doubt , I wonder ... I found the performances stellar and I was emotionally rocked and rolled ; I ask for little more .
A flawless , moment-to-moment autopsy of a marriage on the rocks and an indictment of the American Dream gone sour .
It simply does n't play as well as it reads .
The cinematic equivalent of watching a balloon deflate slowly , agonizingly , through a microscopic pinprick .
It is honorably and brutally unnerving .
Revolutionary Road is not a great film , per se ; a great film needs the stamp of a great director . But it is a great film of this great book .
A stunning achievement across the board . The movie fully captures the kind of middle-class existence that turned a younger generation into hippies or radicals . Powerfully written , acted and directed , this is an instant classic .
Apparently , their hearts did go on -- and how . Easily , one of the year 's best films . It 's fantastic , with two amazing performances by Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio .
It reunites again Titanic doomed shipmates Leonardo DiCaprio , Kate Winslet and Kathy Bates , but this time as doomed suburbanites .
The best work that either DiCaprio or Winslet has ever done . Mendes masterfully conducts controlled fireworks of verbal savagery to suit the age of apropos and good reputations .
Vital and brilliant , without American Beauty 's occasional pretension , it 's a shot in the arm for the dull holiday season , a shattering experience well worth having .
Not Titanic 2 . She hates him . Michael Shannon deserves a Best Supporting Actor nomination .
Another gem from director Sam Mendes about suburbanites who lead lives of quiet desperation .
Onscreen cigarette smoking is as incessant as April 's discontent -- the period prop that becomes a running gag . A more important choke point , though , is dim audience involvement .
An actors ' showcase for its iconic duo ... and both have grown impressively since they last swooned shipside .
Packs considerable punch .
DiCaprio and Winslet are compelling as young people who simply do n't have the emotional maturity to juggle their conflicting desires for material success , personal fulfilment and the rewards of raising a family .
Revolutionary Road is a very good bigscreen adaptation of an outstanding American novel -- faithful , intelligent , admirably acted , superbly shot .
Though boasting strong , Oscar-caliber turns from DiCaprio , Winslet , and Michael Shannon , Mendes ' second dissection of suburbia is too studied and deliberate in the first acts before generating emotional power , and may suffer in comparison to TV 's Mad Men .

@highlight

Brilliantly acted and emotionally powerful , Revolutionary Road is a handsome adaptation of Richard Yates ' celebrated novel .