The film surprises you because apart from being hysterically jaw dropping funny , its ' ideologies and themes throughout are somehow inexplicably meaningful .
A hilarious , vulgar , crude , smutty film that will have you snickering at jokes you 'd like to think that you 're above .
I feel dirty because I saw this and I feel dirty because I want to see it again .
Sausage party is hilarious . I have never laughed so hard for so long .
If you 've seen a trailer for this animated film directed by Greg Tiernan and Conrad Vernon , you likely know what you 're in for .
Three words kept ringing over and over in my head after viewing Sausage Party : `` What the f *** '' . I mean that as a compliment of the highest order
There is some unexpectedly subversive fun to be had at the expense of the world 's major religions , but the pace is slow and the point laboured .
My ribs actually hurt by the end of Sausage Party . That 's the highest praise I can give it-Sausage Party is a rib-sprainer .
If it takes a film about an animated sausage and a bun , laced with toilet humour and extreme sexual puns , to provide a modern-day existential critique of the lunacy of human nature and modern racial and religious discourse , then I 'm all for it .
Candor that has no substance beyond easy stereotypes is just depressing .
To be fair , there are hints of an interesting perspective shift , and at the heart of it all , a curious darkness ... But the writing never really develops much further than the laziest of tropes .
The surprising thing about Sausage Party is that its desire to swerve from the norm with dirty humor is evened out by an equally strong impulse to bolster those norms .
The teenager who lives inside your head will giggle , while the more highly evolved parts of your brain might wonder if it is a Trojan horse for parodying xenophobia , extremism , and sexual repression .
How much fun you have will depend on your tolerance for a diet of non-stop swearing and filthy innuendo . The voice cast do n't just rain down f-bombs . They lob in a good few c-grenades for good measure too .
Although is not for everyone , Sausage Party is an irreverent animated comedy with a surprising depth and social criticism . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
From sly , not-so-sly innuendo to unfiltered climaxes , there 's not a moment in this movie that is n't packed with jokes . And the thing is , it works .
Some ingredients are missing , although there 's a lively musical number and some clever sight gags and food puns along the way .
So painfully , irredeemably awful ...
You 'll never look at your neighborhood supermarket the same way again .
Fans of American animation and lowbrow humor are in for a real treat .
Sausage Party has a crowded composition that 'll look better on the smaller screen , and the background jokes are n't worth much .
It may be off its trolley but it also feels fresh out of the packet .
It may be unnecessarily raunchy at times , but there are plenty of strong moments and the heavy-handed political commentary is potent if obvious .
Good news : The feel-good hit of the summer for fans of sexualized anthropomorphic foodstuffs has arrived !
It 's funny , non-stop inventive and heroically heretical .
Most gags are cooked on the raw side .
An hilarious anti-Pixar parody with a filthy mind and a dirty mouth ... A near-brilliant exercise in bad taste .
A mad cartoon comedy short stretched into a horrifyingly murderous 90-minute swearathon .
If you ... have nightmares about anthropomorphic food screaming as they 're being consumed -LRB- or -RRB- are repulsed your groceries might be humping in the cupboard when you 're not looking ... this movie is not for you .
With some very funny moments , and a few crazy setups , this is a good film . It 's just not a great film , and ends up being more of a Sausage Soiree than a Sausage Party .
... a novel idea that gets stretched way too thin .
At the very least , it 's better for American film culture that this exists than if it did n't .
I did not expect much of this movie , but it turned out better than I expected . It is very funny , with lots of jokes from movies and popular culture .
... the junk foodie fantasy that stirs American Pie , Toy Story , Logan 's Run , and every torture porn horror of the last decade into a raunchy paean to hedonism with more food puns than a Catskills grocer .
Without the proper comic nutrients , Sausage Party leaves viewers with a feeling of indigestion .
The risqué nature of the chat does n't mask the fact that directors Greg Tiernan and Conrad Vernon , bizarrely , do intend to convey a message , and have put across their point well .
An absurd and hallucinatory comedy full of scatological humor and vulgar language , and with a cast composed of notable comedians . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An efficient laughing machine and a visually appealing film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A rowdy and original movie ; if you 're in the right mood , you 'll enjoy it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Well , surprisingly nuanced for a movie in which Nick Kroll plays a literal douche , anyway .
A movie so bizarre , so profane and so quietly virtuous that it works .
An honest movie full of well sculpted and playful rudeness . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Who could imagine an all-out bloody massacre to be this hilarious ?
An absolutely bizarre film that has a crescendo of naughty humor with one of the most outrageous endings of recent cinema . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Despite the predictable narrative , it never fails to make you laugh because playing with food is vulgar and messy , but always fun . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A very unusual movie that some love for the same reasons that others hate . Even though I really enjoyed it , I would have to know very well the other person before recommend this film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Less a talking-wieners ` toon than a post-modern snack-mix of high-concept and lowbrow humour , socio-political parables and animation-spoofery-plus food-sex , injected bath salts , and Meatloaf 's rock 'n' roll-this is a fairly bangin ' bangers mash-up .
The first half-hour of `` Sausage Party '' is a comedy masterpiece . With great jokes and an amazing musical number , the film delivers on all cylinders . -LRB- Then -RRB- it becomes a hit or miss comedy . And a filthy one .
The South Park movie made the same point nearly 20 years ago , but nothing 's changed , so why not say it again ?
I found this adult animated mockery most unpalatable .
The jokes come thick and fast and hit and miss just as frequently .
A tasty diversion .
It may not be suitable for kids , but that 's not to say that this strenuously profane cartoon is not unapologetically juvenile in its approach to comedy .
Dirty vegetables .
Let it be said , Sausage Party is very rude . Very , very rude but even if someone told you this 100 times before you walk into the cinema , you 'll never be ready for all that the film throws your way .
Sausage Party is n't high art , more a snack best washed down with a jumbo cola .
Seth Rogen is a genius . Lucky , really , that I never liked hot dogs anyway .
If you like your jokes raw and saucy , Sausage Part hits the spot .
I got a lot of pleasure from Sausage Party , though not as much pleasure as the foodstuffs derive from the frenzied concluding orgy ...
The film ... very quickly passes its sell by date .
This is clearly a film set out to shock , offend and , above all else , make you laugh .
Bon appetit !
A crude , lewd , food-themed riff on Toy Story that basically functions as an animated parable about organised religion .
It is this summer 's gutsiest offering , worthy of its must-see status even if you may not be able to easily shake some of its more revolting images from your head in a hurry !
Smart ideas and political satire battle it out with relentless smut in a decidedly uneven affair .
What should have been a shamelessly filthy stoner movie has been watered down with ill-judged , undergraduate musings on religion , philosophy and race .
About 20 per cent less anarchy . 30 per cent more jokes , and 40 per cent more story would have made for better viewing .
It sounded like the dumbest movie of all time , but it 's actually smart , subversive and packed with famous voices saying wonderfully unspeakable things . In fact , it 's a banger .
Re-watch value is extremely low with this one .
If Sausage Party had been a twenty minute short it could have been a highlight of 2016 . However , stretched to feature-length it 's just another mildly funny stoner comedy .
As laugh-out-loud funny as it is jaw-droppingly offensive , this is hugely enjoyable comedy that actually has something to say .
Consistently funny , frequently hilarious . Just do n't order one of those jumbo hotdogs before you take your seat - never mind the guilt , you 'll choke laughing .
Sausage Party is rude , funny and unexpectedly profound in places , with the juvenile humour leavened by some thoughtful commentary on modern life .
Existential howl of despair meets stoner belly laugh in the latest project from Rogen and collaborators , who follow ` This Is the End ' with another high-concept comedy that , like a horror movie , reduces its characters to meat .
This animated comedy is decidedly not for kids ; it 's rambunctiously filthy in more ways than one . And while it 's not exactly hilarious , it 's at least consistently amusing and has a positive attitude .
Even without the hullabaloo of discontent expressed by an army of animators -LRB- who worked for this film 's Vancouver-based Nitrogen Studios -RRB- , `` Sausage Party '' is a comedy whose ribald humor ca n't mask its weaknesses .
Shamelessly pun-filled , sexually explicit , socio-political animation - for an adult audience .
Reviewers who cynically boast that Sausage Party `` is n't kids ' stuff '' have it wrong ... -LSB- P -RSB- roducer Seth Rogen ... continues his self-amusement with self-congratulatory political satire .
The final half hour or so is an exhilarating action sequence beautifully done , ending in a rather excellent sausage party indeed .
One of the most effective parables about religion ever filmed .
Groceries are n't an obvious fit for the bawdy comedy of Rogen and his Superbad , Pineapple Express screenwriting partner-in-crime Evan Goldberg . That 's a large part of Sausage Party 's appeal .
Sausage Party wo n't fill you up with laughs , but there are some amusing dishes being served , thought up by Rogen and friends likely while getting baked good .
It 's definitely a tender and insightful comedy , but it 's also as crude as they come .
Rogan and company frequently mistake an overabundance of four-letter words for genuine humor .
Sausage Party glints of greatness , but this is half-cocked comedy at best .
Sausage Party will likely be remembered more for what it says than how it says it , but that 's not the worst thing you can say about a movie .
Sausage Party is a delicious treat covered in a filthy wrapper . For some , that will be a deal breaker , but for plenty of others , it will be a selling point .
It 's content to remain in sub-lowbrow land for the duration , except when it feels like imparting a lofty message it never earns .
Forget famous atheists Stephen Hawking , Richard Dawkins and Bill Maher . SAUSAGE PARTY is the movement 's Mein Kampf .
... the most fun I 've had with food since I was a child recreating the extinction of the dinosaurs with dino-shaped nuggets , my mouth , and a giant pool of ketchup .
An outrageous undertaking that 's only slightly more kid-friendly than Rob Zombie 's House of 1000 Corpses .
` Sausage Party ' is a filthy feast - and that 's a good thing .
When Sausage Party is funny , it 's very funny . Just leave the kids at home -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
Its half-baked political ideas take away from the wholly satisfying and surreal Pixar riff it could have been .
One of the more clever conceits is how it plays with the central conundrum of Pixar : How do you connect all these animals or toys or robots-beings that , to humans , have no emotions or thoughts or even faces-to the human world that they walk around in ?
Puerile and self-indulgent without a real laugh to be found . I have no idea how this gets released by a major studio , while Ralph Bakshi has to go to Kickstarter for a Vimeo release . Just say no .
Like the sex , drugs , and politics that are fodder for the script , the question of what happens when we leave this world is addressed directly , and with the same fulsome sense of mischief .
Sausage Party is definitely not for everyone , but it offers an amusing blend of humor and substance , providing viewers with heady food for thought .
Some of the gags are more cringy than others -- like Craig Robinson 's cracka-hating box of grits -- but do n't call it empty calories .
Explore -LSB- s -RSB- ideology the way Emril Lagasse seasons soup .
Rogen and his frequent collaborator Evan Goldberg dreamed up the story with actor Jonah Hill , and though it might sound like a critique of religion , they opt instead for a lowbrow , sporadically funny celebration of hedonism .
Sausage Party is like a Pixar movie that 's gotten hopped up on crystal meth and Viagra .
Sausage Party is a gleeful ode to anarchy that transcends both stoner comedy and Pixar spoof .
You 're getting what 's advertised on the menu , for the better , and never the worse .
Sausage Party is a full-on assault on civility and social mores . Yes , that 's the point , and yes , it 's quite funny on occasion . Maybe it 's just too much .
An audacious idea in need of a more adventurous script , taking this madness to the next level of brain-bleeding humor and commentary , securing itself as both an inspired farce and a Samurai-sharp inspection of sheeple culture .
This smack in the face of good manners is surprising and strange , often delightfully so .
Despite a few pokes at the folks from Pixar , nobody will lose any sleep over it . Obviously , these R-rated cinematic tricks from Rogen , et al. are not for kids .
You can see the obvious social-political jokes being made , but it 's so juvenile .
Come for more F-bombs than a season of `` Deadwood . '' Stay for the aggressive religion bashing !
This unique fantasy is crude and vulgar , politically and racially charged , as well as sexually ambivalent . In other words , it 's flat-out terrific !
If you like ribald humor , there are some belly laughs here & more than a few instances where the audience almost chants in unison `` Oh that . . is ... SO wrong ! '' -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Sexual Content , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
It is , without a doubt , the most delirious movie to come out of a major studio in decades , perhaps ever .
I know Sausage Party is not made for kids , but they do n't have to try so hard to prove it .
`` Sausage Party '' is smarter than it looks at the same time as it is overly taken with its juvenile humor .
You might find yourself alone one night imagining your dinner screaming with every bite you take , and then wonder : Is that half-eaten slice of pizza plotting cheesy vengeance upon me ... or am I the half-eaten slice of pizza ?
So many different shades of wrong all wrapped up in one movie that , even as I sit to write this , I 'm unsure whether I was howling with laughter or begging for it to stop .
A bold , visually exuberant fusion of provocative adult content with an art form too often chalked up as being strictly for kids , `` Sausage Party '' is something special .
Consistently sophomoric , periodically hilarious , and peppered with minor stoner insights .
The novelty of a raunchy adults-only cartoon has a naughty charge . That 's good for about 15 minutes , then all this food reaches its sell-by date and grows stale .
There is no one out there making comedies quite like Rogen and Goldberg . They are putting their definitive stamp on the modern American comedy one decency-smashing double entendre at a time .
It 's the kind of foodie filth one dreams up while chomping on Doritos and Twinkies during a psychedelic haze .
It packs a number of laughs , from shocked yelps to knowing chuckles , into its 89 minutes . As parties go , it 's sillier and tastier than most .
What is there to say about Sausage Party ? A surprising amount .
There 's the problem with Sausage Party . It 's essentially a one-joke movie , and while it gets great mileage -LRB- and calories ! -RRB- from the gag , it ultimately comes down to variations on the theme .
The 20 minutes of smart humor here is nearly lost amid the bad puns and juvenile sex humor , including a finale that takes the phrase `` food porn '' to ridiculously literal extremes .
This is a film that tackles some big themes : religion , sex , ethnic conflict , the meaning of life and death . It 's also a crude burlesque about talking food items who swear a lot more than they really need to .
Sausage Party is so wrong , so go-for-broke insane , existing words are n't enough to describe it . Shockrageous comes close . As does horristurbing .
It 's wild and funny . Also disturbing . Also borderline insane .
At its best , the movie offers in-your-face raunch in the spirit of the superior `` Team America : World Police '' and `` South Park : Bigger , Longer & Uncut . '' At its worst , it comes across like stoners playing with their groceries in between bong hits .
This is a film that starts out funny and ratchets up the insanity .
Not only does the film effortlessly mock the sense of wonder and the emotional roller-coasters we 've all felt watching Pixar 's big-eyed sentient objects , but , in its own messed-up way , it provokes some new feelings , too : shock and awe ...
An effed-up funhouse . Rogen , a livewire satirist , dishes out an R-rated cartoon treat that tackles the crisis in the Middle East , the nonexistence of God and the sex lives of supermarket products .
At a moment when news from our actual world so often seems a nightmare parody of itself ... there is sweet balm in seeing a bagel and a lavash overcome their differences to find mutual pleasure in one another .
Almost never pushes the boundaries far enough , seemingly patting itself on the back for peppering the f-word into a cartoon with such frequency .
Cranks the absurdity of the narrative and the anxieties in frightening , analogous real-world neuroses we cling to long past sell-by dates . Sounds like a harshed mellow , but the whole thing is stoned immaculate . Your body will hurt from laughing .
Sausage Party has plenty of funny moments , especially for fans of lowbrow humor .
Those who enjoy the Rogen/Goldberg humor will undoubtedly be laughing for much of it , and even those with more sophisticated senses of humor will find a few things to chuckle about .
` Sausage Party ' is an unrelenting whirlwind of lowbrow and objectionable jokes and situations that will make it difficult for you to catch your breath .
Even with all the four-letter words , this still feels like immature kids ' stuff .
Sausage Party may be the most un-PC mainstream movie to hit cinemas in yonks and it may outrage , shock and even repulse you at times , but it is undeniably ridiculously funny .
This ended up being one meal that left me hungering for something more substantive , constantly hoping for a second course that sadly had n't been prepared for me to taste .
Unquestionably dumb and distasteful , but stakes its claim as the funniest film of the season .
uncompromising with its philosophy and its vulgarity
I like that it 's willing to engage in a controversial statement even if it does n't have all the ammunition it needs to back up its stance .
We know that everyone involved in this movie has made superior material , so it 's a shame to see Rogen and company slumming in their own filth .
For sheer audacity , Sausage Party is impressive .
Just when you think this surreal world ca n't surprise you any longer , it comes up with something else that may make you gasp or wince but will most likely make you laugh .
Sausage Party is one of the funniest and most deeply offensive movies of the year -LRB- it 's obscenely funny -RRB- , which lambastes America 's most sacred of sacred cows : religion .
A movie that 's clearly not for everyone , but those at whom it 's targeted-whether allowed to enter according to the R rating or not-will find it a hoot .
It looks like Pixar , but plays like Monty Python .
Sausage Party takes racism and prejudice and throws them into its existential meat-grinder to explore identity , tolerance and religion in surprisingly intelligent fashion .
Sausage Party is , by turns , a subversive religious allegory , a hilarious sendup of horror and adventure clichés , a wicked commentary on real-world politics , a jab at racial and religious stereotypes , and a rude and lewd comedy .
Despite all the cursing and envelope-pushing and bat-bleep crazy sexual stuff , Sausage Party is n't mean-spirited . It 's just ... stupid . But also pretty smart . And funny as hell .
Sausage Party is a nasty , crass , and unique movie that only Rogen and Goldberg could concoct .
Relentlessly filthy and often jaw-droppingly funny , this creation bearing the prolific imprint of Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg is one of the most transgressive animated films to emerge from Hollywood in recent memory .
Directors Greg Tiernan and Conrad Vernon are working with a first-rate cast , running wild with stereotypes and daring you to be offended .
In a dominant era for family-friendly animation , Sausage Party is a bold rebuttal needing more than shock laughs .
By the time it reaches its , heh , climax with a storewide food fuck fest , any attempt at a serious critique of its interpretation of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict feels a little ridiculous .
Sausage Party is n't as profound as it pretends to want to be , but it 's brilliant at being stupid .
A gleefully vulgar and very funny spoof of the Pixar formula .
As ridiculous as `` Sausage Party '' sounds , it actually manages to humanize the items we so violently slice , dice and devour . You may never look at a potato or bag of baby carrots the same way again .
The comedy hits more than it misses ; this is a really funny movie . And it 's thoughtful , in its @ $ * # way .
Literally bananas . And also nuts .
A really funny , crass and often thoughtful comedy that does n't overstay its welcome .
Created as the movie your perverted older brother made in high school but you ca n't help but love him for it , the definitely offensive but enthusiastically rapturous romp is the surprise hit of the summer .
Your mileage may vary , as they say . Also , hugs not drugs .
If watching cartoon characters spout four-letter words is your thing , this might well be the greatest movie ever made .
A cult classic , preferably -LRB- to be -RRB- watched in a double feature with Pineapple Express in a very hazy loungeroom that rarely has its curtains opened .
Rogen and Goldberg start with spoofery and work their way into something bolder and stranger ; it 's as if playing in the Pixar sandbox , or a reasonable approximation thereof , ca n't help but inspire creativity .
You will come for the kind of humor promised in the title and the well-earned R rating , but stay for the nuanced meditations on theology and faith .
Demented . And deep .
Hey - what if food could talk , and it said funny stuff while cursing like a sailor ? That , plus the sex scene -LRB- really -RRB- , make `` Sausage Party '' one you probably want to attend .
The atheist equivalent of a VeggieTales movie .
Imagine that the Pixar writers room dosed themselves with psychedelic drugs and went to their local supermarket to quench their munchies ; the result is the perverse hilarity of Sausage Party .
Its observation that life is full of cruelty and there is probably no afterlife and we waste most of our lives consuming images of a reality we can not fully apprehend is pretty much true , but neither novel nor amusing .
The script by Seth Rogen , Evan Goldberg , Kyle Hunter and Ariel Shaffir has an inspired stupid idea , and boundless nerve , as well as a legitimate interest in theological debate . Truly , it does .
Sausage Party is an equal opportunity offender , but if you can stomach that you 'll find a movie with a lot of heart and big ideas to ponder .
Maybe if the movie employed a bit more subtlety on all fronts , it 'd be a far more successful outing . But subtlety seems like it was one of Sausage Party 's chief adversaries from the ground shelf up .
Though Sausage Party is above all else a carnally inclined cartoon , there is more to the movie than just being Pixar with a potty mouth .
Mix `` A People 's History of the United States '' with `` Caligula , '' a stoner comedy and a slasher flick - then animate the results - and you 've got the essence of the thing .
Ballsy and dumb and brilliant all in one bite . You can gobble it up like empty calories , or over-chew each joke .
This `` secret life of groceries '' , like so many other Seth Rogen movies , is a congenial mess of the outrageously funny and the bong-induced lazy drags .
The film is n't willing to completely face the bleakness of its allegory faith versus skepticism .
Sausage Party , for better or worse , is a movie that actually exists . And , at some point along the way , that fact will actually shock you .
The entire ensemble saves the best for last , joining in a finale that one might describe as orgasmic . Like the rest of `` Sausage Party , '' it 's absolutely filthy , which would be objectionable if it also were n't so funny .
... consistently funny , occasionally clever and undoubtedly unmissable if you 're a baked potato .
Even if you 're offended - and perhaps rightfully so - there 's another joke coming around the corner to change the subject . And some terrifically wild characters to keep you laughing .
The whole thing is so tasty , you may just want seconds .
An animated adventure that boasts the visual prowess of the best mainstream releases in the medium , yet the storytelling sensibility of a stoner nodding furiously mid toke at the Zeitgeist documentary playing on the TV .
Wo n't be for everyone , but if nothing else , you 'll never look at your groceries the same way again .
As Sausage Party breaks out of its Pixar-inspired packaging , so to speak , its repetitiveness evolves into a delirious cacophony of obscenities .
Sausage Party is obviously the product of diseased minds , and I love it .
Consistently hilarious , even borderline genius , and the most fun you 'll have in a cinema this year .
-LSB- D -RSB- oes n't amount to more than its central conceit and the incessant cultural gags and profanities it uses as tiresome embellishments .
I 'm not really sure there 's any age where you 're ready to see Sausage Party 's epic , virtuoso climax : a graphic bacchanal conducted entirely by the contents of your fridge . Let 's call it an acquired taste .
Most reminiscent of a couple of other equally-outrageous animated adventures , namely Team America -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and South Park -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , this is a take no prisoners comedy which will undoubtedly resonate with fans of such politically-incorrect shock-fare .
SAUSAGE PARTY is what would happen if everyone at Pixar had syphilis .
Some of it is , admittedly , funny and/or transgressive ; some of it is one joke stretched thin . But when it works , it really works .
Try to imagine the most disgusting , foul-mouthed , and disturbing Pixar film ever put to celluloid , and you 'll probably land somewhere near Sausage Party . But not too close . It 's unlike anything else .
The laughs barely let up after that first scene , in fact , in a film that proves to be not just more than a boundary-stretching exercise but one of the funniest arguments for the non-existence of God in some time .
There is nothing redeemable about SAUSAGE PARTY , other than how hard it made me laugh .
Sausage Party is quintessential Rogen , offering no more and no less than we have come to expect .
Every minute of Sausage Party is brimming with wildly inappropriate jokes and situations . No spoilers here of course , but brace yourself for something unprecedented that will undoubtedly have your jaw hit the floor .
A raunchy and witty animated comedy that definitely is n't kids ' stuff .

@highlight

Sausage Party is definitely offensive , but backs up its enthusiastic profanity with an impressively high laugh-to-gag ratio -- and a surprisingly thought-provoking storyline .