Most will hopefully see that in this very creative , authoritative film Peter Jackson preserves the characters , the theme , the dread , the delight found in the novel - and has added just enough of his own .
It 's an interesting way to tell a heartbreaking story a young girl whose life was taken away too soon , and whose family fights to pull the pieces together after their loss .
This movie has about seven different tones it hops around , and it does so at all the wrong times .
Your own peace will come after you walk out , trying hard not to laugh at how crazy-bad it all is .
Unshackled by earthly restraints , Jackson shifts his Weta toolsets into overdrive in a more-is-more free-for-all frenzy .
The Lovely Bones is probably a much better idea for a book than it is a movie , but it 's still a very good one , and those do n't come along too often .
The talented cast struggles with , and is eventually failed by , the material . They are not aided by their director either , who seemingly stood slightly off screen and urged them to ` act bigger ! '
I had a few bones to pick with the story .
The film is such a misfire , such a disappointing collection of failed attempts at emotional affect and confounding storytelling choices , that it seems more like a bad director 's attempt to rip off Jackson 's style than his own work .
No hay manera de tomarse en serio , al menos no en el marco de una película que debió ser perturbadora y conmovedora en partes iguales , la serie de momentos Kodak imposibles con que Peter Jackson intenta retratar la vida después de la muerte .
Only Tucci 's chilling , truly scarier than Hannibal Lechter psychopath holds the far too fanciful scenario together , bolted to planet earth as best he can .
The whole plays better than that would suggest , largely due to Jackson 's imagination and commanding skill .
Pet peeves and stylistic differences of opinion work against Heavenly Creatures director
For all the efforts of a fine cast , Jackson never gives his human drama the desperation and frustration it calls for ...
Interview with Rose McIver of The Lovely Bones : `` It was terrifying to see -LSB- Stanley Tucci -RSB- transform on screen into someone so utterly different from himself . ''
I never read the novel , so I have no idea if it is as tedious as Peter Jackson 's movie .
Artistically and technically , this film is superb , rich in excellent performances , wondrous visuals and compelling ideas . Yet for all its brilliance , The Lovely Bones remains elusive .
Uludo potro % u0161ena sjajna gluma % u010Dka ekipa u djelu % u010Diji zbrzani scenarij luta izme % u0111u depresivne drame , krimi-trilera i crne komedije
click to read full review
Peter Jackson nails the dreamy atmosphere of a film straddling life and death in this story of a teenager caught between Earth and heaven .
Peter Jackson is an infant sitting at the grown-ups table , and this proves once and for all he has no business making movies for adults .
... an admittedly uneven yet utterly engaging piece of work that outshines its literary predecessor in every way ...
The script races off in three directions . ... These elements may have intertwined more elegantly in Sebold 's writing , but on film they rub against each other awkwardly .
Is there an iPhone App for the afterlife ? If not , the celestial CGI that Peter Jackson deploys to cringe-worthy effect in The Lovely Bones could probably suffice .
Uma experiência entediante cujos personagens , supostamente humanos , jamais chegam a exibir um milésimo da complexidade e do apelo dos hobbits , elfos e gorilas gigantes presentes nos filmes anteriores de seu antes infalível diretor .
The Lovely Bones does a fantastic job with revered , complex source material . As terrific on terra firma as it is audacious in its astral plane , it is doubtful we 'll see a more imaginative , courageous film in 2010 .
Under the hammy direction of Peter Jackson The Lovely Bones has lost its poetic bone structure . What was a complex , quirky novel has been turned into a movie mishmash of Lord of the Rings and High School Musical , with a serial killer thrown in .
Instead of a compelling nightmare , he has created a bland , girly-sparkly dream .
It 's an extraordinary folly . A turkey , a pig 's ear , a mad cow of a film . Its treatment of bereavement and familial grief is crazier than anything Lars Von Trier came up with in Antichrist .
The delicacy and finely-wrought characterisation of Alice Sebold 's novel has been removed in favour of a beyond-the-grave whodunit , subtlety be damned .
It 's not -LSB- Jackson 's -RSB- Technicolor screensaver design for heaven that really dents the credibility of the film . It 's that he glosses over those parts of story which made Sebold 's book so relatable for us mortals .
Jackson 's candy-coloured fantasias - reminiscent of 1970s concept-album artwork - are no substitute for actual drama . There 's nothing at stake .
Themes are blurred , character motivations largely unclear and the novel 's central justification , and subsequent pay off , are hugely disappointing .
Jackson seems more at home in the afterlife than in this one , rendering this off-kilter project creepy and pretentious .
The finale - though tense - lacks that visceral gut punch . Ultimately , Jackson spends too long in the clouds and loses touch with the real drama on ground level .
The Lovely Bones marks a new low in cinematic adaptations . Back in 1989 , Peter Jackson made a trashy horror film called Bad Taste . Even that was in better taste than this banal monstrosity .
No bones about it , Jackson looks like he 's spent so long in front of a computer he 's forgotten how to tell a story .
Jackson 's DayGlo CGI vision of the afterlife tries to strangle a terrific crime thriller - and pretty much does .
Jackson 's version achieves a different , less palatable kind of novelty . It is a `` heart-warming '' film about murder .
It is the kind of film that falls over itself trying to dazzle us , and makes an unholy mess of the vital workaday stuff . It is silly , tedious , tasteless and utterly false .
A beautifully made but often uneven film with a luminous central role from Ronan .
The most remarkable aspect of this is how rubbish the CGI effects are - I mean , this is Peter Jackson , for goodness ' sake !
The imagery kills the fear . In a film which is essentially about a child serial killer , the constant blossoming of visual possibility leaves the reality of what happened to Susie both hidden and cold .
It 's completely overwrought . Every single moment in the film is an emotional climax of some kind . At no point is there any kind of middle ground .
Jackson takes a bloated approach to what should be a quietly emotional drama .
You wan na know what purgatory feels like ? Sit through all two-plus hours of this lurid mush and you 'll have a fair idea .
Although Ronan and Tucci offer up beautifully nuanced performances , it 's still not enough to stop The Lovely Bones from floundering about . Unfocused and often gaudy its most certainly not as lovely as it wants to be .
Too often , though , it feels like another unwanted M Night Shyamalan movie , with Wahlberg again looking stunned , as if he still ca n't believe he starred in The Happening .
The Lovely Bones is hampered by Wahlberg 's inability to convey genuine emotion .
The main problem with the film is the extremely bloated script , which slows to a crawl immediately after the murder and then meanders all over the place .
An entertaining but strange hybrid -- part murder mystery , part gooey teen romance/coming of age story , part philosophy lesson , part family drama
very much a film of mood where emotions run deep and devastating , and those emotions are the most potent special effect in a work that is sometimes a bit top heavy with them
Alice Sebold 's evocative best seller proves to be more unfilmable than Tolkien 's sprawling fantasy trilogy - a disappointment , yet it 's impossible for anyone to do it better
Despite its visually remarkable attempts to engage the film is an utter loss .
`` Somehow the depth of the novel has become nothing more than an exercise in producing a polished , beautiful-looking fantasy . ''
The sum of the parts of this film while tantalizing and worth a watch , leave the viewer , like its lead character , lacking closure .
The story is just told very poorly ... what is this movie ? A thriller ? A ghost story ? A police procedural ? A tearjerker ? It 's all of those and none of them .
The Lovely Bones demeure un film aux idées intrigantes et aux intentions fort honorables , mais dont l'exécution s ` avère trop souvent déficiente .
Thematically muddled , the film nevertheless has a strong sense of visual presence and features a handful of strong performances .
Learning to live beyond grief is the heart of the story and the performances bring out that premise beautifully .
An okay movie hampered by Wahlberg 's sleepy performance and Sarnadon 's visit from another planet
It is hard to know what Jackson was intending to do with this film . Instead of telling the earth-story he seems to have wanted to give us some indelible images of heaven
The cast is determined to do something with the material , but given the way Jackson shields them with effects , they can only do so much .
-LSB- The film -RSB- remains a mystery -- not a mystery as in who committed the crime , but a mystery in its intended theme and why that theme did n't unite the film at all .
It 's a great deal of effort by a lot of talented people that results in two-plus hours of tepid clockwork blandness .
while it has moments that soar both visually and emotionally , it ultimately feels torn and unwieldy
The cinematic equivalent of that big farm your childhood dog allegedly went to .
Lush cinematography combined with first-rate acting and a valuable story make this a great film for the whole family .
... often visually striking but emotionally baffling , and ultimately seems stuck in the same sort of purgatory as its young heroine .
Jackson and his usual screenwriting collaborators ... have simplified and amplified Sebold 's text , turning it from a meditation on the interior politics of family into a supernatural revenge story .
Because Peter Jackson is willing to wrestle with challenging material , it 's easy to forgive him if he does n't create additional masterpieces every time he steps behind the camera .
Acting laurels belong to Tucci as the unrepentant killer . He shows chameleon-like qualities with wild personality shifts . Ronan makes good use of her large , expressive eyes . It is only a matter of time before she becomes a big star in Hollywood . McIver is
Peter Jackson is anything but a good fit to direct this story , as his well-intentioned efforts at conveying transcendence sometimes look and feel phony .
Moviegoers who have n't read the book and accept the picture on its own terms -LRB- which , ultimately , is how any artistic interpretation should be judged -RRB- will be greeted with a powerful viewing experience .
The first 45 minutes are great . The last 30 minutes are also great . The problem is the 45 minutes in the middle , which are bogged down with unnecessary visual effects .
A muted tragedy about a murdered girl who watches her family and killer from a place between heaven and Earth , The Lovely Bones remains oddly remote .
`` The Lovely Bones '' is a skeleton of a movie , lacking any sense of life and vitality .
Ultimately , The Lovely Bones works best when Ronan simply reads Sebold 's simple yet evocative prose .
Taken on its own , it 's a mixed bag of grief and visual magic tricks that provides pleasant enough passive viewing , but does n't do the greatest job of putting flesh on its characters ' bones .
It might take you a while to see it , and maybe more than one viewing , but in the end , The Lovely Bones becomes a heartbreaking , harrowing expression of love and loss
Some books should stay between their covers , and The Lovely Bones may well be one of them .
When I read Peter Jackson was handling the story , I figured if anyone could do it , he could . I was wrong .
Succeeds as a taut , `` will-he-get-caught '' mystery as it also explores the notion of acceptance following the loss of a loved one .
A chilling performance by Tucci , whose versatility is more evident with every film he makes , and an eerie portrayal by young Ronan .
... the movie veers off into whimsical imagery entirely incongruous with the tone of every other scene .
Understand , the film still has power , just not as much as it should .
The movie is often wise .
This is a distractingly busy movie , so in love with its own considerable craft that it ca n't stay still long enough for anything to settle in .
Performances become almost inconsequential when the roles are so superficial .
A story about the unbreakable bonds between parents and children , a story about thwarted justice and monstrous revelations is diverted by Jackson into a story about the CGI wow factor of his netherworld .
It 's like they tried to accomplish everything , but ended up forgetting to have a purpose .
While the film contains storytelling issues and an inconsistent tone , the intensity of Stanley Tucci 's character blew me away . The film is visually stunning and worth seeing .
A movie with tons of possibilities , 3 or 4 awesome scenes , some great tension , and lots of filler .
At once both one of the most conceptually daring films of 2009 and one of its biggest train wrecks .
The locale is Pennsylvania , but Jackson seems reluctant to leave Middle-earth and Skull Island behind . He guides us through tediously inventive CG heavenly landscapes , when what we really want is more of the mundane interior of the killer 's suburban home .
The new Peter Jackson movie , `` The Lovely Bones , '' is a head trip for audiences , a trip to hell for the family featured , and a plunge into purgatory for another .
It 's a mark of Jackson 's lack of restraint as a filmmaker that the mystery-thriller elements and fantastic visualizations overtake the domestic drama that is the novel 's true raison d'être .
Susie 's concerned that that the penguin trapped in the snow globe is all alone . The toy 's OK , but the multiple souls scattered throughout the film are having a hell of a time surviving in their respective prisons .
It 's difficult to understand how Jackson could have gone so far wrong with his conception of the material .
Jackson 's grand , computer-generated vision of Susie 's Dali-like `` in between , '' while occasionally gorgeous , leaves the viewer feeling stuck between two worlds , too . The story suffers .
Most often , Jackson 's magical other world resembles the land of Oz on steroids or , in one scene , a feminine hygiene ad .
Tone is the first thing sacrificed in this shapeless , overlong , mawkishly muddled pop-up illustration of a movie .
Who would think that a movie about the murder of a 14-year-old girl would be , at times , beautiful and comforting ?
Jackson 's efforts to translate the graceful , lucid prose into images loses all of the story 's delicacy and becomes cloying and dissonant .
Parental Content Review
Every time things begin to pick up steam Jackson suddenly slows them to an absolute halt , intricately crafted momentum unhappily destroyed in little less than the flash of instant .
An astonishingly tone-deaf work that is one of the most utterly misguided literary adaptations to hit the big screen in recent memory .
Following a devastatingly beautiful first act , the film goes downhill in unfathomably fatal ways . The Lovely Bones is a startling mess of near-epic proportions , one of 2009 's very biggest disappointments .
... the best film of 2009 ...
Rarely has a film launched by a killing seemed so insistently alive .
The Lovely Bones is difficult viewing , a meticulously crafted experiment that , it turns out , was n't worth it .
I found Jackson 's film soulful , respectful , masterful , horrifying , rending and emotionally true . It may not be the Lovely Bones that you have in mind , but it 's a fine and powerful one .
The result is like watching an overindulgent parent buy his kid every toy in the store , when what is needed is discipline and restraint .
There was no reason to make this book into a film -- and many reasons not to -- so you have to admire Peter Jackson for trying . Unfortunately , he 's the wrong director for the job .
Jackson and company 's take on the best-selling Alice Sebold novel is lovely looking -- it 's visually stunning , really -- and it is sometimes disturbing . But more often than not it 's too aloof and distanced for its own good .
The miscalculation on almost every level is perversely thorough . It 's as if the filmmaker , faced with an endless series of daunting creative choices , proudly took the wrong road each and every time .
The changes Jackson and his collaborators make to Sebol 's novel do n't serve the material in any meaningful way . But the film is n't simply a failure as satisfying adaptation , it fails on its own terms .
It 's as if -LSB- Jackson -RSB- spent too much time in the clouds . The result is a motel-room portrait of the world to come .
The afterlife , it turns out , is cool , but not as cool as Avatar .
Tonally , visually , conceptually , The Lovely Bones is all wrong .
Peter Jackson 's adaptation of Alice Sebold 's best-selling novel hovers just this side of Ghost Whisperer kitsch but remains compulsively watchable .
So much about The Lovely Bones is so skillfully orchestrated , from the chillingly methodical villainy to the thrillingly paced manhunt , we can accept that we 're in the hands of a higher power .
Jackson encourages Bones to radiate more artifice than emotion , condensing a frightful story of loss into something balanced precariously between a Hitchcockian thriller and an Enya music video .
Sometimes a major director becomes enthralled with the cinematic prospects of material for which he is not ideally suited .
A movie that has been tinkered and fussed with until there is no spontaneity left -- no warmth or life or messiness .
The Lovely Bones is a deplorable film with this message : If you 're a 14-year-old girl who has been brutally raped and murdered by a serial killer , you have a lot to look forward to .
It looks like a piece of cake , but I still prefer Dante .
-LSB- Jackson 's -RSB- priorities dwell more with bringing Susie 's so-called ` in-between ' to vivid life rather than grounding the lives of those left behind .
We really do n't want to wander the celestial landscape with Susie forever . It is a maudlin place where everyone resembles relieved sufferers from a pharmaceutical commercial .
It 's a competently made movie -- in Jackson 's hands it could hardly be anything but -- yet rarely a moving one .
Jackson overwhelms the thoughtful , introspective nature of the material with whistles and bells -- heavenly effects that scream `` overkill . ''
... a murder drama made from cotton candy .
I find it hard to believe that Jackson , who has dealt with all manner of death and mayhem with a healthy sense of twistedness and/or morbidness in his filmography , decided to soften up this time .
An epic snuff flick which fails to engage the viewer on an emotional level .
Misbegotten adaptation
Not nearly as much a detective story as it is a film representation of a teen girl 's idea of heaven . A cross between a Hallmark card and the Disney channel .
Director Peter Jackson is superb when he sets up Susie 's world , but once she 's killed , just about nothing works well afterward .
Despite significant cuts and instances of condensation , the plot 's skeleton tracks well with Sebold 's book , but therein lies the roots of a problem : the movie features wild swings in tone and fails to draw the viewer into the story .
The Lovely Bones is definitely worth watching with your book group to discuss with the novel , and to enjoy Tucci 's performance and the delicate membrane between life and afterlife , but HBO will suffice for your investment in it .
It defies most conventions and it defies most categories too . It is part ghost story , part romance and part murder mystery .
-LSB- Peter -RSB- Jackson 's directorial abilities have failed him entirely .
Jackson takes a more scenic route . It looks like a New Zealand tourist poster animated with CGI and touched up with borrowings from Dali and Magritte .
. . this means that if Jackson has n't left his scrotum in a shoebox somewhere , he 's doing a pretty good imitation of someone who has .
Jackson 's newest is his worst .
Call it a good movie -- sure , even a lovely one -- that does n't quite find what it 's searching for .
A fussy , artificial piece of work drained of emotion and humanity by extravagant effects and directorial flamboyance .
It is unusual , emotionally satisfying and , in an echo of his early exploitation splatterfests , darkly funny .
Peter Jackson has successfully filmed hobbits in middle earth and aliens in South Africa , but struggles to combine the visuals of a teenage girl in limbo with the ordeals of a family in hell .
... ranges from being sometimes moving to being sometimes absurd .
You would expect better from Peter Jackson . Beautiful images , at times . Paul Chambers , CNN .
A confused genre mess ...
It 's an ethereal if not exactly spiritual adventure , in which we can feel Jackson urging us to soar in a realm we can not know ... the nether world which can only be presented in tangible visuals on the screen . It 's not your average film .
It grabs you by the shirt tails , delivers shocks and surprises and paints an effective and often thrilling juxtaposition of the real world beside an uplifting and perfect one beyond the grave .
... contains more awful scenes than any film by a gifted director in recent memory ...
The strangest thing about Jackson 's approach is how chaste it is . The whole film is just a bit too tasteful to achieve real catharsis .
There are some terrific moments here , but Jackson seems mostly caught in an in-between world himself .
A film that shines only in short , erratic bursts . It can be an emotional film , a disturbing film , a romantic film , a funny film and a breathtaking film , but never a seamless blend of each .
The story shuttles back and forth between a placid 1970s suburbia and an afterlife that looks disconcerting like the cover of a Yes album ; both are bloodless , all look and no vitality .
Peter Jackson 's heavy-handed direction snuffs out any emotion struggling for oxygen as mercilessly as George Harvey did young Susie in .
Misses the nuances and emotional hub of the bestselling novel by concentrating on the crime and psychedelic shots of heaven .
While the actors deliver fine performances in ` The Lovely Bones , ' they ca n't save this overblown film .
A striking , surreal , melancholy meditation , based on Alice Seabold 's best-seller .
I 'd prefer bones based on a graphic novel - or Jerry Bruckheimer bones starring Johnny Depp .
More than anything , The Lovely Bones feels like a film circling the book , eyeing it uncertainly and trying different kinds of styles and moods to see if anything fits .
Peter Jackson 's The Lovely Bones is a beautiful , thoughtful film , full of dark mystery and life affirmations , yet somehow it 's lacking a certain inner strength .
With his garish , pointless and downright inept rendering of Alice Sebold 's 2002 novel , The Lovely Bones , Peter Jackson has hit a new low in the annals of movie adaptations .
If someone like Jackson could only manage mediocrity , one shudders to think what a less talented filmmaker would have produced .
A victim obsessed with the lives that go on without her is at the center of The Lovely Bones .
Haunting mystery-drama examines a child 's murder .
Despite good performances and slick design , its confused perspective leaves Bones as emotionally engaging as a visit to a particularly well-maintained kitsch shop .
This is a movie in which wonders truly never cease .
As for the excess of Jackson 's creative predisposition , heaven help us .
A heartfelt film loaded down with an almost pornographic emotionality .
Color me relieved . There is no need to fear death , even the most horrifying kind of murder . Because the afterlife is exactly like the album cover for a 1970s progressive-rock band .
The novel never flinched , the movie does . But Jackson , who builds jolting suspense when Susie 's sister enters the killer 's lair , is drawn to a spiritual dimension .
The result is dumbfounding and ludicrous in equal measure , a too-muchness that makes the excesses of What Dreams May Come seem downright spartan .
Jackson is too enamored with the idea of mixing heaven and the heebie-jeebies , so he 's made the skeevy equivalent of a Mitch Albom book with some pulp fiction pressed between its covers .
Everything that 's good is undermined by an overemphasis on one part of the story that is essential but has been allowed to overflow its boundaries .
Well-acted , visually stunning and initially intriguing , but it quickly falls apart into an uneven , convoluted and unfocused mess that 's neither gripping nor emotionally stirring . Its fatal flaw is excessive style over substance .
The Lovely Bones is an uneven offering with under-written characters that alters some of the book 's better moments with no real rewards .
Before adding to the pre-existing heap of critical disdain for Peter Jackson 's take on Alice Sebold 's much-adored 2002 novel , is it possible to admit the book might have been a tad overrated ?
It showcases Jackson 's uncanny visual sense , but it 's time he unleashes the frustrated writer lurking beneath .
A technically proficient picture , filled with interesting actors , telling a compelling story from a beloved best-seller . It 's remarkable , really , how spectacularly director Peter Jackson screws it up .
Those who have n't read the book may actually get more enjoyment out of the feature film adaptation than those who have read Sebold 's novel
The opening scenes promise one thing , and the rest of the movie is spent contradicting it .
Loved the book by Alice Sebold . Admired the bold effort by Peter Jackson , even if the otherwordly scenes sometimes miss the mark .
Jackson 's adaptation sacrifices the family at the heart of the story , giving more time to the sensationalistic serial killer and a raft of special effects work that renders Heaven as the inside of a Mac program busy graphing Robert Zemeckis 's `` Contact '' fi
Jackson 's film takes us on a journey of loveliness , but without the hard , stark strength of bone beneath it to give it the direction and purpose Sebold used to drive her story into the heart .
It seems that years of making unconstrained , sprawling fantasy epics have completely eroded -LSB- Jackson 's -RSB- ability to construct a tight narrative . Real pretty to look at , though .
For all its successes , Bones remains more crafted than sincere , more meant to look achingly pretty on the screen than to resonate in the heart .
while it may be a film worth seeing , it 's not a film that can not be missed
The movie strikes clashing tones , veering from lightheartedness to heavy-handedness .
Peter Jackson 's elaborate visualization of the Alice Sebold best-seller fails to capture the poignant power of the original .
Scene by scene , the movie alternates between prurient violence and sentimental uplift .
A hard subject beautifully handled , with an artistry that makes The Lovely Bones a memorably intelligent and emotional experience .
I 'd say watch with the sound off , but then you 'd miss the Brian Eno score . Try the Blu-ray but toggle the audio to a language you do not speak .
Ghost-story emphasis deflects from what made the book so powerful : earthbound melodrama surrounding grieving parents and tender insights into the arrested blossoming of a teenaged girl .
Jackson 's transformed a serious , unsettling story into a reductive thriller-cum-special effects display .
Your reaction is likely to hinge on how well you think he pulls off the intercutting of worlds . It works , but just barely ; for many , the CGI fantasy elements may prove a deal breaker .
Akin to taking a shot of morphine and watching someone play Myst for two hours .
One gets the impression that Jackson was enchanted by the idea of getting to create limbo as imagined by a 14-year-old girl -LRB- all verdant landscapes and pretend photo-shoots -RRB- but did n't know what to do with the rest of the movie .
The repulsive yet redemptive story is harrowing , but director Peter Jackson 's visions of heaven feel like a My Little Pony version of Lord of the Rings .
When I first heard Peter Jackson was to direct the film version of this delicate best seller , I was , shall we say , surprised . However , when I saw the actual movie , I got it . Jackson wanted to play with heaven .
In Jackson 's simplified , sweetened , and
CGI-besotted telling , The Lovely Bones is a sad-but-hopeful , dramatic-but-gentle fairy tale intentionally made less upsetting for teens .
It may not be perfect , but Susie 's story will surely resonate for a long time .
It 's a tough subject , but elegant , smooth filmmaking keeps us comfortable when we know bad things are going to happen .
Jackson crafts lovely but ineffectual dreamscapes of the afterlife that eviscerate much of the human side of the story .
In spite of its inherently eerie themes - homicide , phantoms , and vengeance-fueled grief - George is the only truly scary thing in the movie and -LSB- Stanley -RSB- Tucci thankfully makes the most of him .
Slipping past Sebold 's quondam feminist protest -LRB- briefly glimpsing Germaine Greer 's The Female Eunuch , for example -RRB- , Jackson goes to the edge of lurid sentimentality .
Part Disney 's Alice in Wonderland , part Fritz Lang 's M , the movie is horrific yet cloying , alternately distended and abrupt , sometimes poignant and often ridiculous .
The New Zealand director 's trademark recipe of fantasy , realism and computerized visual effects turns The Lovely Bones into a thrilling adventure .
Peter Jackson frees himself from the yoke of LOTR . Stanley Tucci abandons himself into a frightening character . A triumph .
For most of the running time of The Lovely Bones I thought the film was bad , but when the movie entered the final twenty minutes I realized my mistake : it 's a disaster .
The Lovely Bones has been fashioned as a holiday family movie about murder and grief ; it 's a thoroughly queasy experience .
There 's a blinkered quality to the film that might have been more intriguing had the story been given a stirring political context .
In spite of its obvious flaws , `` The Lovely Bones '' carries an inertia of unmistakable tension , care of Peter Jackson , that makes it a suspenseful and entertaining film .
The Lovely Bones is a film in cinematic limbo -- caught between heaven and earth . The Lovely Bones is another movie that makes me fear hell . But it does n't make me want to go to heaven .
The fancy visuals serve only to distract from the emotional impact .
A beautiful piece about how we love and the horrors of life that get in the way .
How do you literalize heaven ? It 's a problem moviemakers have struggled with forever , and Jackson has n't solved it .
The film is a triumph of visual imagination over any story or substance , over-directed and over-acted and completely absent a beating heart .
Peter Jackson returns to the engrossing and poetic imagery that earned him his name more than a decade ago .
Peter Jackson rounds out a fairly amazing decade as a filmmaker by anyone 's standards with this sad , dreamy , hopeful film that defies easy genre classification or even summary .
A singular art film , Lovely Bones shows , for better or worse , Jackson 's determination to put his signature on each frame with surreal dreamlike meditation and special effects wizardry .
The real let-down is its heavy reliance on overblown special-effects sequences to represent the celestial limbo .
-LSB- Ronan -RSB- captures the uncertainty and intensity of thwarted teenage passions perfectly but , set against the artifice and the manipulative tendencies of the story , her admirable performance is rather swamped .
The film certainly plays well enough as a melodrama-cum-revenge thriller .
Jackson undermines solid work from a good cast with show-offy celestial evocations that severely disrupt the emotional connections with the characters .
It 's a great shame because Sebold 's book showed us a world of pain , loss and love . That sense has been lost in translation .
So infuriatingly coy , and so desperate to preserve the modesty of its soulful victim that it amounts to an ongoing clean-up operation .
Jackson captures the grim essence of the novel even while compressing much of its character development and plot detail .
When else has the obscenity of child murder been the cause of such gravity and grace ?
Lovely Bones is a touching , at times distressing film . It deals with loss , grief , rage , familial breakdown and love , most of all love . But it 's also energetic and entertaining .
The Lovely Bones is -LSB- Jackson 's -RSB- most mature , self-assured and visually dazzling release .





@highlight

It 's stuffed full of Peter Jackson 's typically dazzling imagery , but The Lovely Bones suffers from abrupt shifts between horrific violence and cloying sentimentality .