Mean Creek is a strong premise gone horribly awry .
This movie about teens is for adults only .
A very effective tale of morals , conscience , and peer pressure .
The film gives us an adult 's idea of what kids are like , avoiding the complications and inconsistencies of actual adolescence .
First time writer / director Estes brings sensitivity and insight to this tale of teens pushed to extremes and forced to confront their sense of responsibility and morality
example of everything that is good in American independent cinema
Follows a fluid narrative that never feels contrived , and leaves the audience with genuine sympathy for every single child involved .
A mature , significant contribution to the unfornately growing trend of films that address teen violence -LRB- unfortunate in that we need the trend at all -RRB- .
A wonderful , if dreary , teen drama .
I 've actually known my fair share of troubled kids , and this film is as accurate a depiction of them as I 've ever seen .
... a movie about moral choices , about learning what it is to be decent in the world .
We 're forced to stare both the perpetrators and the victims full in the face , to see what made them the fools they are and what will come of the foolishness they commit .
Angry kids on an unsupervised boat trip ? Constant ominous music ? Gee , wonder what 's going to happen next .
Striking , superbly crafted feature debut by Jacob Estes
An astute examination of youth culture that blows away Hollywood 's pathetic attempts to get into the mind of a teen .
First-time feature director Jacob Aaron Estes breathes life into a routine story with his talent for -LSB- emotional -RSB- detail .
For a debut , it 's downright startling .
Estes ' dark sunlit tale cuts like a knife .
For all its hilarity -LRB- and there is a lot -RRB- , Mean Girls is primarily a fascinatingly adroit dissection of high school culture .
A smartly written film that refuses to fall into the traps of the teenage stereotype .
Estes ' genius is in creating an atmosphere in the beginning that evokes kids-in-crisis predecessors , then shifting into a baroque mood for the canoe trip ...
A low-key , low-budget thriller that reminds us just how cruel young people can be .
If you saw River 's Edge , you may know where this glum , well-acted drama is headed right after it sets sail .
-LSB- Writer-director Jacob Aaron Estes -RSB- coats everything in a brooding self-importance , as if he was intent on making the most depressing After-School Special ever .
Raw and in your face , Mean Creek eventually ripples emotions all the way to the soul .
Has an emotional honesty -- sometimes brutally so -- and real-life comic sensibilities that make it akin to television 's late , lamented Freaks and Geeks .
Subdued yet powerful .
An excruciatingly tense teen film that 's too good for teens .
Although it is a flawed film , with a first half that moves slowly and sometimes tediously , it is redeemed by a second half that is gripping , not only for its action but for its moral complexity .
Estes , born in 1973 , has n't lost his ear for the way kids talk , and his dialogue strikes hard and true .
Works as a multiple character study , complemented by some of the best performances you are likely to see this year -- all of them from a cast of actors under the age of 20 .
The nuanced performances , well-used locations and sensitive script set it far above the typical Hollywood teen flick .
Estes has accomplished quite a bit here . In addition to providing a textbook example of suspense , he also makes us want to know what happens to these kids after the screen goes dark .
You could call Mean Creek a moral thriller . And the emotional currents the movie wades into are far more tricky than the gentle surface the kids ' boat floats along .
A remarkable feat ... the audience not only becomes part of the film , but becomes young again .
Not quite convincing , but Estes deserves credit for asking us to sympathize with the type of obnoxious bully most movies offer up as a deserving target of ` payback . '
While other teen films cling to the sappy and saccharine , first-time writer-director Jacob Aaron Estes ' movie has a taut , haunting story that is actually relevant .
I never lived a story anything like this , but I understand the emotional life of this film -- and I 'm betting you will , too .
Mean Creek functions well as both a tidy little thriller and a touching coming-of-age story , and that 's more than teens usually get these days .
A beautifully filmed and frequently stirring drama .
It is in the examination of kid psychology that this film shines , and in the convincing portrayals by these young actors .
In its simple portrait of a bully Mean Creek may be one of the most political and socially conscious films of the year .
As odd as it may sound , the best of the many good things that can be said of writer-director Jacob Aaron Estes ' debut feature Mean Creek is that it could have been written by a teenager .
Worth seeing ... but it breaks your heart to watch such a complicated , perceptive movie drift into hand-wringing Afterschool Special territory .
Though I may have had difficulties with some technical aspects of the film , I was left with a sense of promise for just about all who participated .
There are all sorts of other themes at work below the surface , including examinations of teenage peer pressure and moral responsibility .
Watching them finally come together in universal realizations as to what has transpired and their parts played in it is like watching Greek Tragedy in my own backyard .
Estes dives into this material as if it 's never been done before , and his characters and situations are so realistic and the film 's tone is so assured that he succeeds at making it feel fresh .
An unusually truthful depiction of the way kids today talk , think and act .
Very much its own picture -- and a damn sight better one than Stand by Me .
If ever there was a film that parents and teens should see together , it 's Mean Creek .
A rare film that cares to explore what 's going on in the bully 's head .
Exceptionally strong performances from the entire cast draw you into the movie 's deliberately provocative world .
Intense and sharply insightful , Jacob Estes ' feature directorial debut contains a tight script and some exceptional performances from its young cast . **
Not only the chemistry among the kids but also the tensions and complexities in their relationships feel extraordinarily real .
George -- the seeming villain -- is as complicated a character as Sam .
Takes its place alongside Stand by Me and River 's Edge as one of very few films to accurately portray the experience of growing up male .
Estes has an uncanny knack for creating character , and for finding the kind of throwaway detail that resonates .
Yet another small gem from the strong Sundance class of 2004 , Mean Creek mines credible drama from teenage revenge fantasies .
That rare movie that manages to be not only an adroit , carefully observed study in character and suspense , but important .
One of the most subtle , evocative explorations of childhood and adolescent relationships since Stand By Me .
A thoughtful , unpretentious coming-of-age drama with uncommon emotional heft and an engaging young cast .
It could have been simple-minded and predictable , but it becomes a rare film about moral choices , about the difficulty of standing up against pressure from your crowd .
Never preachy , never sanctimonious nor touchy-feely , Mean Creek looks at what a social worker would likely call the roots and the legacy of abuse .
Through the vast land mass of the teen movie , Mean Creek flows with intelligent purpose and thematic passion , at least until it does n't .
Not since Deliverance has such an innocent , lazy trip down a river turned out so bad . Here the actors make a journey from youth to adulthood and it 's a rough ride .
Directed with a naked naturalism in a rural Oregon setting , it 's so earnest it hurts .
Story of six kids in crisis may not be anything new , but it is remarkably good .
Really captures the mix of innocence and experience that adolescence has to offer .
-LSB- P -RSB- ainfully raw ... pulls no punches , makes no apologies or excuses ...
Estes 's film casts prismatic light on the persistent issues of bullying , youth violence , and their mortal and emotional consequences .
One of the year 's very best independents .
It 's a dynamic debut for first-time writer-director Jacob Aaron Estes and a provocative showcase for a gifted young cast .
Such a simple plot barely fills the film 's 87 minutes , but writer/director Jacob Aaron Estes more than compensates with his labyrinth of moral dilemmas and complex characters .
A combination of River 's Edge and Bully that 's gentler but ultimately more compelling than either ... told with uncommon authenticity and sensitivity .
Mean Creek is a movie that lures you in , then shocks and surprises the audience with a nice twist .
The poignant story represents its players ' vulnerabilities with swift and clean lines .
A coming-of-age film that finds poetry in the struggle to evolve even while the rest of the world is falling down .
Reach exceeds grasp in this small ensemble character drama in the vein of Stand By Me that succeeds far more in theory than in practice .
The problem with dramas about doomed teenagers movies is that once you have seen one of them , in a way you 've seen them all .
`` Mean Creek '' is what independent film should be .
Estes ' amazing ensemble cast may turn out to be the 2004 version of Coppola 's `` The Outsiders , '' which featured such ` unknowns ' as Tom Cruise , Matt Dillon and Diane Lane .
Touches us on a personal level .
A welcome departure from typical movies about teens .
This morality tale takes its time -- almost too much -- setting up characters and relationships , but an undercurrent of suspense and impending doom keeps this Creek on course .
There is n't a one-note character in the mix , and they respond with haunting , subtle performances that feel utterly natural and unaffected .
A flawed yet promising first film from a writer/director whose ambitions exceed his grasp , at least for now .
Has a level of moral and psychological intricacy that is rare in high school fables .
Estes and his cinematographer , Sharone Meir , present a vision of paradise and innocence lost in this beautifully understated drama .
We 've seen much of what goes down in Mean Creek before . But I ca n't say I 've ever seen it portrayed with such high standards of responsibility to the way kids really act , think and judge .
Instead of shock , the effect -LSB- director -RSB- Estes successfully achieves is empathy .
Jacob Aaron Estes 's debut film , about an adolescent prank gone wrong , is like an unusually sensitive and well-acted afterschool special .
A harbinger of possibly better things to come .
It does n't pander to or indulge its characters like the teen films we 're used to . It looks at them straight ahead and with respect . It 's something you wish Hollywood , and even parents , did more often .
Imagine a bolder Bully blended with a more probing River 's Edge and you 'll have some idea of this little drama 's strong dramatic and emotional power .
Estes has provided a keenly-honed view of human psychology .
At once endearing and infuriating , Peck has the audience emotionally vacillating between wanting to protect him and wanting to kill him .
After-school-special level dialogue hangs heavily in the air after it is spoken . But the cast is utterly genuine , transcending the limits of the screenplay .
While Estes ' tale is unfolding , very little seems anything but natural , plausible and emotionally scrupulous .
The kind of cheerlessly capable first feature that makes you think its young director , Jacob Aaron Estes , will do much better when he finds a voice to call his own .
Bullies are people too !
Mean Creek is an intense and riveting morality play that vividly conveys the anger and violence that can result from machismo posturing .
Rory Culkin delivers a performance of such incredible force that after a while I simply settled into a constant slack-jawed stare of astonishment .
A fairly ordinary , machine-shopped Sundance résumé indie , seemingly balanced somewhere between half-realized ambition and inexperience .
There is something precociously mature but natural about the work of this youngest Culkin sibling that stands apart .
Estes ' debut feature 's strength lies in its crackling intensity , ultra-sharp character insights and an affinity for teenage protagonists who look and sound like real teens .
This affecting and absorbing character study may be the best depiction of alienated youth to wash ashore since River 's Edge .
The script manages a few compelling characters , but the rest falls into that non-descript Troubled Teenager category .
A frightening journey into the heart of human darkness and morality . Sure to endure as a watermark of the coming-of-age genre for years to come .
For a first time director to provoke such impressive performances from a young cast is a good sign .
If this smart , psychologically suspenseful film is any indication , Jacob Estes is a new voice worth listening to .
Estes has crafted a realistic and rich portrait of the moral dilemmas that adolescents experience .












@highlight

Mean Creek is an uncomfortably riveting glimpse into the casual cruelty of youth .