All the episodes are interesting and disturbing - perhaps too much so , without any clear reason for the audience to endure the suffering .
This anthology is a mixed bag .
A great horror anthology that thankfully restores my faith in the anthology gimmick that Hollywood completely diminished years ago ...
Irregular como a maior parte das antologias , traz episódios longos a ponto de diluírem suas tramas , mas curtos demais para permitirem um bom desenvolvimento das situações e personagens . Mas é um esforço intrigante .
Un ensemble de films extrêmement intéressant à explorer , mais chacun pour des raisons bien distinctes .
This is n't for the weak of heart or stomach . This is disturbing stuff , people .
Things that are unique are interesting , and that can only be a plus to the stuck-up , artsy-fartsy horror film critic like myself .
These films give you a rush that most American horror movies do n't , even if you 're not entirely certain what 's going on .
The general population may not get this one , but Asian cult cinema fanatics and some horror buffs will be absolutely thrilled .
Ninety percent ... is fun , but that fun is compromised by the 10 percent that is n't % u2013 i.e. , the conclusions .
Takes the tension to an extreme by deliberately trying to shock the audience 's sensibility
A satisfying trio of twisted tales .
You ca n't believe what they 're doing here .
An instantly memorable , at times squirm-inducing , assemblage as likely to take your breath away as it is to trigger the gag reflex .
Asian horror like the new Three ... Extremes beats an American film like Saw II at its own game .
` Cut , ' Park 's contribution to Three ... Extremes
A strong effort from everyone involved , though they 're not all wholly successful .
The tension , of balancing visceral horror with psychological sadomasochism , requires a disciplined viewer .
More than lives up to its name .
While most anthology films have one standout and one weak link , all three tales are short , sharp shockers .
It 's just three gifted filmmakers with vision to spare , daring you to go to their extremes .
One is haunting and wonderful , one is very good , and one spoils the fun .
The Dumplings short may be hard to watch -LRB- not to mention stomach -RRB- , but it 's even harder to listen to without getting a major case of the heebie-jeebies .
What 's significant about this is that three of Asia 's most creative forces have come together in a single project .
All three offer provocative , distinct and gorgeous twists on horror and splatter conventions .
Evokes a queasy fascination .
Ask three of Asia 's most extreme filmmakers to contribute a short horror film each , and the result is , well , extreme .
Blood , grotesquerie and humor mix equally in the first two , but the full combo makes a savory witches ' brew for Asian-cinema cultists -LRB- or Halloween lovers in need of a gore fix -RRB- .
It has three stories , and each is extreme . Yet even literalism can be an understatement .
You ca n't watch these three mini-movies without wondering what you possibly can take from them , but there 's warped creativity at work in all of them , and if you can separate talent from content , you 'll see three very adventurous filmmakers at work .
Makes a persuasive argument for what 's wrong with so many horror films today .
Three ... Extremes will be a must-see only for fans of Asian horror , but it may also send some people looking for full-length films by these gifted filmmakers .
This is not for the faint of heart , stomach or any other vital organ .
For those in the middle , fasten your seat belts for a bumpy ride -- narratively and artistically -- and do n't go in on a full stomach .
Do n't expect scary from this trilogy of short horror films from a trio of Asia 's most interesting directors , which are not so much extreme as twisted .
Unevenness is the strongest facet of Three ... Extremes , a diverse and successfully chilling horror triptych .
A black-blooded hoot .
The first is the best , the second most riveting , the third most disturbing , but all will stay with you for weeks .
This trilogy provides a sampler of three short horror films from high-profile Asian directors .
All three look great and the filmmakers deliver a certain artiness , but their overall triviality and the unpleasantness of the first two make for an extremely distasteful experience .
Miike , known as Japanese cinema 's bad-boy shock master , delivers the most textured , delicate and finely crafted episode of the bunch .
Not a dish for the faint of heart , perhaps , but for those with a taste for cruelty with a side order of irony and a dash of gore , it will be a perversely delicious treat .
Three Extremes would be better if it were Two Extremes .
A bloody strange movie -- and a surprise .
What all three of these stories share is the quality found in Edgar Allan Poe , H.P. Lovecraft and Stephen King : An attention to horror as it emerges from everyday life as transformed by fear , fantasy and depravity .
Three of Asia 's best-regarded young filmmakers contribute to this terror trilogy , each giving his segment a distinctive flavor of bleak black comedy and elegant dread .
Title notwithstanding , Three ... Extremes really offers only two . The first is one of nausea .
Another pulpy Creepshow movie would be more welcome than a second installment of this stiff stuff .
Miike fans may want to pretend he had nothing to do with his segment
Cross-cultural Asian horror triptych is a bloody good time .
A perfect sampler platter of the best of A-horror .
A trio of horror pics , one , Dumpling , being the best , the other two just fine .
if you 're familiar with any of those three directors , you might expect that THREE ... EXTREMES lives up to its name . And you would be correct .
So you 'd like to see work from a few Asian horror directors , but do n't have time to watch three separate movies ? Then here 's the sampler platter you 're looking for !
Park is the one director represented here with both a great `` extreme '' tale and the means at his disposal to tell it to full effect .
The result falls somewhere between psychodrama and horror .
Although quite different in their respective plotlines , pacing and moods , the trio of segments in Three ... Extremes gel together smoothly to form a complementary and memorable final product both fascinating and utterly horrific .
An arena rock type film event for lovers of Asian cinema .
The consistently high production values and legitimately creepy storylines ensure that even those who do n't consider themselves horror fans will likely feel satisfied after this three-course meal .
Bracingly twisted .
This high profile anthology of shorts by Fruit Chan , Park Chan-wook , and Takashi Miike is related by their chilling structuralist rigor .


@highlight

This anthology contains brutal , powerful horror stories by three of Asia 's top directors .