The problem with the film is its very staginess -- it never really seems to get out of drag . Between the impersonations of the priesthood , the impersonations of the transvestites and the impersonations of the actors themselves , there is little to choose .
If Americans are allowed to see this film they may well conclude that the mature Almodóvar is now ready to take his place alongside the great Buñuel .
Tragic story of church 's betrayal ; adults only .
A dazzling autobiographical blend of Almodovar 's career , childhood , and adoration & admiration for the cinema .
Like a Chinese box , it has layers under layers , fictions within fictions . A mystery and an intricate triangular love story , it 's also a tale about storytelling itself , the uses of art and artifice to make the unbearable bearable .
In accounting for Almodóvar 's identity as an artist and a man , Bad Education comes together like a bold and far-reaching summation of his career to date .
... Almodovar 's meta-movie teases us with Big Ideas about those of us who love our fantasies so much that we turn them into our realities .
An original story told by one of the best contemporary filmmakers , Bad Education is a mesmerizing movie experience .
Almodovar 's transitions in tone and mood are so slyly executed it 's only afterward that the viewer realizes how much ground this ambitious , brain-teasing movie has covered .
Almodovar is that rarest of filmmakers -- one whose work becomes more daring with each film .
It 's really a greatest hits compilation of Almodovar 's own work - all the standout tracks are here , but with none of the context and soul afforded by those connective numbers .
It 's a fascinating film that goes off in so many directions that the viewer may have a hard time getting a handle on it .
It still exerts an uncanny power : Like the best of Almodóvar 's work , it throws you a first-love sucker punch that will stagger your heart , mind , and soul .
It 's stylish , campy , gay , and signature Almodóvar .
When the most noble character in the movie is a pedophiliac priest , you know you are in trouble .
... Almodovar manages to stuff his frame with themes familiar and unexpected .
Too delighted with its own cleverness .
Paints vivid noir suspense with extremely broad brushstrokes , often pushing style to the forefront at the expense of story
As complex a thriller as one will experience .
-LSB- Garcia Bernal -RSB- burns through Bad Education like a meteor , lighting up Almod var 's cherry-red visions of movie passion and real-life pain .
The most brazenly , deliciously gay film Almodovar has ever made .
It 's an irresistible enigma of a film
Not as much a film of social protest as a sexually fluid update of a classic Hollywood mystery-melodrama ...
the film stays grounded , but there 's always a slippery subtext of meta-cinematic glee pushing at the seams
Strap yourself in for a wild ride .
Simple melodrama , a not-that-puzzling puzzle of a film noir .
A challenging , highly subjective and personally affecting work that invites your own free-spirited interpretation .
Pedro Almodovar has draped his trademark explosively visual palette and hard-candy colors in the black crepe of film noir .
Bad Education lacks the ample comic breathers -LRB- Pedro -RRB- Almodóvar often brings to lessen his dramatic blow . Perhaps this one hits too close to home to laugh off .
Taken at face value , Bad Education is about molestation , but from a wider perspective , it 's about love , loss of innocence and the desperate quest for redemption .
With Bad Education , the great Almodóvar delivers the finest movie of his career .
Even though Bad Education ultimately seems to escape the director 's control , there is no small amount of enjoyment in getting lost in its sexual-philosophical house of mirrors .
Reality , fantasy and cinema interweave with such grace and power that it 's often difficult to separate one from the other , which is , of course , the point .
Rendering child molestation and its aftermath as pulp pursuits raises all sorts of moral red flags , but it proves an efficient method of renewing audience interest in an ever-more-familiar pandemic .
Sexy and complicated as between its adult leads , Bad Education also marks the most insightful critique yet of the pedophile scandals in the Catholic Church .
A rare disappointment from Almodóvar : perilously over-the-top gay chic coupled with an overly-familiar condemnation of the Holy Catholic Church 's blind eye towards pedophilia .
The structure of Bad Education is complicated , but there 's a reason for it . Each layer of the story is like a coat of paint that further clarifies the overall impression of the film .
This is a disturbing film that challenges the viewer 's comfort . It also challenges you to keep up as it jumps stylistically from comedy to romance to drama to a film noir thriller .
A good lesson on how to lose your audience .
Though short in characterization and emotional involvement , this complex tale is gripping and beautiful . **
A masterful epic charting love 's labyrinths .
His films are set-designed to the teeth , fastidiously framed and filled with beautiful bodies across the gender spectrum .
Once again , Almodovar changes directions and this time delivers a thematic treatise on the Catholic church wrapped up in a mystery .
One of Almodovar 's darkest films since the early days of Law of Desire and Matador , and certainly one of his finest .
To watch Bad Education is to revel , along with Almodovar , in the power of cinema to take us on journeys of breathtaking mystery and dimension and beauty .
An exercise in stylish , seductive and cinematically self-referential finesse .
Almodovar 's 81/2 or Day for Night , a lens through which all of his movies appear as a seamless whole . It 's not the story of his actual life but , more excitingly , the deft , witty , bittersweet story of the life of his art .
Almodovar is provocative and playful , and adept at turning what seems like a minor , self-absorbed film into a profound meditation on subjects as diverse as the fragility of memory and the complexity of human sexuality .
Like all of Almodóvar 's films , Bad Education takes the audience down unexpected roads and switchbacks .
Has a dizzying kick , a sense that no matter how much we grasp , the past eludes us .
Almodóvar 's most fiendishly crafted , emotionally complicated film .
Crime and deception have rarely looked so sumptuous .
... as tangled a piece of identity exploration as any Charlie Kaufman picture , and often as fascinating .
Has the director 's usual seriocomic voice , perfectly balancing a tender love story with curdling tragedy using only the slightest touch . But it goes deeper this time .
A revelation , combining the colorful flash of the writer-director 's previous work with a richer , deeper emotional vein than ever before .
It 's hard to make a good film noir if you 're uncomfortable with your audience 's corruptibility .
A ribald story of desire , lust and obsession .
Reading , Writing , Revenge - the 3 R 's Ángel learned from his Bad Education !
An Almodóvar film is always worth watching , and Bad Education is no exception .
Always provocative and original , this time Pedro Almodovar reinvents film noir -- spinning an intricate web of desire , deceit , mystery and murder from a queer , Catholic sensibility .
Stylish and intriguing .
If only Bad Education engaged the heart as much as the head , Almodovar 's fractured tale might have risen above its alienating noir conventions .
It is a brazen , ambi-sexual noir that at once embraces the conventions of the genre while at the same time shattering them with explicit wickedness .
A marvelously dirty , ultimately heartbroken movie about , among other things , the instability of identities .
A dazzling exercise in storytelling -- and a loving tribute to the power of cinema .
Almodovar expertly weaves the three levels of his 30-year saga into a single , compelling narrative that comes together with the unmistakable satisfaction of a story well told .
Intoxicating and flawed noir-melodrama .
It 's Almodóvar 's ode to obsessive love , to artistic passion and to the cinema itself .
Almodovar wants to intrigue and entertain us , and he certainly does , proving along the way that Gael Garcia Bernal has the same kind of screen presence that Antonio Banderas brought to Almodovar 's earlier movies .
Bolstered by a cast of Almodóvar vets , Bernal deftly brandishes a combination of sexual desperation and raw ambition .
The lavish crimson-drenched cinematography and pulsating music complement the concept .
I found the film devious and confused in its Pirandellian contrivances and shifts of identity .
Writer/director Pedro Almodóvar goes all Hitchcockian with his intricately structured film noir ... García Bernal burns up the screen
Twenty years after Brazilian filmmaker Hector Babenco 's Kiss of the Spider Woman , Pedro Almodovar uncorks his own more quixotic movie-movie treatment of male love .
Almodóvar gave me no education whatsoever , good or bad . His film just took up some of my time .
A wily , passionate puzzle several layers deep in both personality and plot .
A densely layered , darkly funny look at the lies people tell themselves and others in order to make their fantasies come true .
Almodóvar is at his most breathtakingly complex and mature , and at his most pessimistic .
It is Bernal himself who sticks in your head the most .
The juxtaposition of film noir with Almodóvar 's classic vivid color palette is visually outstanding .
It 's ironic that the last image that Pedro Almodovar 's Bad Education offers us is a close-up of the Spanish word ` pasión , ' because the film feels far too rarefied and precise for its own good .
From the beauteous Bernal to the deep color and frames within frames , this gay melodrama / noir / mystery is a special mix .
A dense , audacious film in which layers of cinematic artifice lovingly camouflage -LRB- at least for a while -RRB- its characters ' dark , damaged heart .
Part childhood romance , part film noir , part A Star is Born , the film delights in the interplay of surfaces and identities , the painful , shifting masquerade of art and life .
An hour in , everything in the movie is upended in a way that is not so much difficult to swallow as simply out of left field .
Where Talk To Her moved me in serious ways , Education just sat there flat in all its twisted coolness .
It 's all incredibly complicated but , intensely fascinating .
Almodovar never stops maturing or losing his supreme mastery of the medium .
True to form , Almodóvar gets unimpeachable performances from his cast -LRB- particularly Bernal ... -RRB- and paints his frames with gleefully lurid strokes .
Almodóvar 's movies always provide some sort of education .
By turns enthralling , seductive and deeply disturbing , Almodovar 's tragic fable is steeped in a swooning sense of passion 's power to inspire , pervert and destroy that draws the fractured narrative into a satisfying whole .
It 's best not to spill too many more beans -- only to say that Gael García Bernal is the real thing .
Almodovar has taken the classic film noir and given it a new spin -- there are no gumshoes , no smoking gun , just one lone film director confronting humanity 's black heart .
As usual ... it 's Almodóvar who 's the star here , filling the screen with bold compositions and melodramatic passion .
Owes much to Bernal , who stunningly portrays three distinct personalities .
Gloriously feverish ode to what drives us to do things great and terrible .
There are several good reasons to see Bad Education , but one great one : Gael García Bernal .
The best thing about Pedro Almodóvar movies is how you can never tell where they 're going .
Based on personal memoirs , this is a quintessential film noir , blending crime elements with erotic melodrama , exploring Almodovar 's consistent themes of death and desire .
A rapturous masterwork .
Mr. Almodóvar 's fantastic and unconventional film -- and Mr. Bernal 's astonishing passion , tenderness , vulnerability and magnetic velocity in it -- are blazing headlights in an often bleak and blurry year .
I 'm not sure if Bad Education is Almodóvar 's most personal film , but it 's the one , at least to me , in which he has spoken most directly . It feels good to finally hear his voice .
Spain 's most important living filmmaker is n't at his very best in this complicated tale , but it raises still-timely questions well worth pondering .
` The maestro proves once again why he is Spain 's hottest and most controversial export . '
Visually , Bad Education 's only impressive set piece is the dynamic , Saul Bass-esque opening credits .
The performances are fine , and there are occasional flashes of the kind of inspired direction we have come to expect from Almodóvar , but , ultimately , Bad Education must be considered to be a minor effort from a major director .
I think that Bad Education may have something to tell us about living through the next years . Not that Almodóvar offers any advice .
pulses with florid passion ... it may be the best film of the year .
Superbly orchestrated , visually impressive pic .
Truly awful . Feels like a third-rate parody of Almodovar 's work , rather than the genuine article .
Plenty of plot twists , even more homoeroticism , and Gael Garcia Bernal in a dress
An intriguing study of changing identities and multiple sexual roles .
Even when he 's paying homage to other great filmmakers , it still remains an indisputably Almodovar experience .
It embraces the intellect while never failing to entertain .
Almodóvar films do n't unfold so much as they unpeel .
Almodóvar has toyed with film noir before , most memorably in his 1997 film Live Flesh . But his newest movie , Bad Education , is a delirious , headlong immersion and re-invention of a style .
Tal vez La Mala Educación sea su película más honesta , más íntima , más personal , sin que ello signifique necesariamente una autobiografía .
A valentine by director Pedro Almodovar to the film noir genre and its capacity to depict the strange things people will do to fulfill their forbidden yearnings .
The film 's outlandishly involuted story fuses melodrama , romanticism and noir .
Almodóvar 's canvas-like that of another hot-blooded drama queen , Federico García Lorca-is one of uncensored emotion and pure energy .
... it just feels like Almodovar is trying to do too much ...
Terrifically layered and wonderfully paced .
A sexual culture dense with political strategies , power plays and self-promotional misbehaviors .
-LSB- A -RSB- particularly enriching experience about the fine line between art and real life -LSB- that -RSB- is not for everyone .
A heady mix of Franco-era repression , gay relationships and religious education all wrapped up in some of the conventions of film noir .
A convoluted and enigmatic noir melodrama about the Holy Cross , cross-dressing and double-crossing - with an obscure autobiographical twist .
When the film gets in a spin , Bernal is its compass .
Intriguing , intimate , deliriously disturbing .
This is a personal project that had been ten years in the making ; it was worth the wait .
Nothing particularly memorable or spectacular ...
As fatalistic and beautiful as anything Almodóvar has made
` With its glorious Technicolor-style palette , the look is reminiscent of the director 's '80s work like Women On The Verge Of A Nervous Breakdown . '
This is an often surprising , sometimes upsetting , intricately woven masterwork that sums up many of the obsessions and trademark characterizations that reach back into Almodovar 's already storied career .
Almodóvar is in imperious form ... and it 's a joy to witness the superbly staged scenes here .
Vivid , colourful filmmaking with frequent touches of outrageous flamboyance , nearly overwhelming sexual tension and astutely political parallels .
El duelo de ficción y realidad es el punto fuerte del proyecto : historias paralelas , personajes complejos -LRB- pero no necesariamente explotados en sus complejidad -RRB-







@highlight

A layered , wonderfully-acted , and passionate drama .