Every Day ... manages to be an exception to the rule thanks to its ingenious premise , a twist to the old soul-swapping trick in the style of All of Me . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An attractive mix of collegiate comedy and romantic drama . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A strong first act that is opaqued by confusion and tediousness till the end . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
In a world in which 13 Reasons Why is the most popular reference in the teen experience , there is something very hopeful about having - and seeing - a movie like Everyday . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie is a harmless kitsch but is quite entertaining . Of course , Miss Rice is called to become a true movie star . -LRB- Complete review in Spanish in the Mexican newspaper Reforma -RRB- .
... it deserves another look from anyone even vaguely interested in teen romance with a supernatural twist .
The film is entertaining whenever it is n't trying to make the audience sob .
Angourie Rice is a happy discovery ; a star is born . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The sheer goofiness of the concept makes Michael Sucsy 's film more enjoyable than most young-adult movies , but I can imagine members of its target audience responding to its dreamy , kind-hearted emotionalism too .
A great premise for a cute confection of a film aimed at incurably romantic teens .
It 's not as daring as its endearing protagonist , and its fantastical scenario plays out rather lifelessly . But its gentle exploration of the fluidity of human physical and emotional expression is very welcome .
Well intentioned but not well enough executed .
Every Day plays it rather safe and sanitised , with no sex or edge , and no real desire to probe the potential complexities of its strangely creepy scenario .
Missed half the film as eyes were busy rolling .
A sweet and quirky love story with shades of Groundhog Day and Big that subtly touches on identity , personality , and love being more than skin deep .
It has energy and charm , and it 's always nice to see an inversion of the standard horror-film trope of good people being possessed by evil spirits .
Oh yes , this is an eat-your-veg personal development class , delivered with sledgehammer subtlety .
The premise suggests it should be a horror movie but instead we are presented with a warped story about high school romance .
You have to just go with it , and not break the butterfly of its idea on the wheel of derision .
If you enjoyed The Fault in Our Stars , you will find much to focus and appreciate here .
Sure , there are plenty of moral and conceptual ideas that remain unexplored , and having set up the premise , the film does n't quite know how to end . But none of that desperately matters if you 're a young viewer with a taste for paranormal romance .
Not many teen romances use high-concept fantasy to probe the nature of self . But despite its fascinating conceit - and strong opening scenes - Every Day is undone by blandness .
It 's a gentle drama with an interesting hook that features some heavy-handed moralising but gets by on its sincerity .
There are mildly progressive messages about diversity and appreciating inner beauty , in the unlikely event you buy into all of this nonsense in the first place .
While the implementation lacks complete sincerity and passion , Every Day is a modicum ahead of some its predecessors . If only there had been more , perhaps I could have fallen in love .
Strange , bittersweet adolescent fantasy , examining the poignant limits of possibility .
The cast is generally good , but Rice 's appealing sweetness is the movie 's main attraction .
This is n't your ` Every Day ' teen romance .
`` Every Day '' is , after all , trying to say something serious about love . And in its modest , teen-modulated way , it says it .
An intriguing and thoughtful but strained and emotionally flat romantic fantasy -- almost a cult film in the making .
Every Day does a decent job of balancing its expectations as a teen romance and its desire to be a thought-provoking film , and as polarizing as it is likely to be , its ending is probably about as satisfying as it could hope to be .
To cursorily glance at Every Day is to assume that it is one of a million similarly glossy teen weepies , but there 's a lot more going on under the surface than one would expect .
It 's a high-concept premise that 's employed to consistently engaging effect by filmmaker Michael Sucsy ...
Yes , it 's important that Rhiannon learns to stand up for herself ... and realizes love can transcend gender , race , or status . You just wish Every Day would take more risks-with a little less Nicholas Sparks and a little more ... Alex Garland ?
As romance , as social commentary , as a call to `` carpe diem , '' even as Freaky Friday-style fun - Every Day feels like a wasted opportunity on every front .
Ends up as something I could only watch just one day and never again . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity , Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Book-based teen romance has messages of empathy , diversity .
A topical love story that does n't burden its romance with its politics .
A nice idea within nutty packaging .
-LSB- T -RSB- he movie only scratches the surface to make way for a poorly conceived and executed romance .
The story probably ca n't help posing more questions than it could ever reasonably answer , and the great cast goes a long way toward smoothing out the creases .
Throughout , the film raises metaphysical issues of physical and psychological autonomy only to gloss over them , probably because addressing them could too quickly shut down the romance .
It all adds up to a movie far more enjoyable than the premise suggests , and particularly so for the teenaged audience at whom it 's no doubt targeted .
Plotwise , the book is faithful to the novel , but its eventual resolution is insubstantial and unsatisfying , as sometimes happens when story points are dutifully replicated onscreen without accompanying visuals .
I 'm not the intended audience or even generation for `` Every Day . '' But if it still managed to make a bitter , jaded adult like me weep , then just imagine the impact that it could have on younger viewers .
It 's nothing close to a great film , but neither is it something audiences see every day .
The love story at the heart of `` Every Day '' is a deep one , an inventive allegory that packs a timely wallop , but it 's one hopelessly hampered by its resistance to engaging in the deeper issues it stirs up .
Remains stuck in a stubborn rut somewhere between confusing and snooze-inducing .
At heart , `` Every Day '' is just an elaborately convoluted parable of a high-school girl learning to prize a savvy nice guy over a popular cad . But the movie demonstrates why that simple lesson is more than skin-deep .
`` Every Day '' -LSB- is -RSB- more ambitious than your average teen romance , which only makes it all the more disappointing that it simply remains an average teen romance .
Levithan 's novel translates nicely to the screen , its fantastical elements grounded by a stellar lead performance from Rice .
The setup is almost too twee for words , but Rice burnishes acting skills that were already gleaming after The Beguiled and The Nice Guys . And kudos to the inclusivity and diversity of the casting ...
The cast does excellent work , particularly Justice Smith , who as Justin gets to play World 's Worst and Best boyfriend and nails both . And as Rhiannon , the appealing Angourie Rice is just the kind of teenager you root for ...
An earnest Freaky Friday ... conveys its message of tolerance and inclusion with conviction , though it could benefit from a bit more teen drama - something that can rarely be said in the real world .

@highlight

Every Day wastes its metaphysical premise on shallow storytelling , though its diverse young cast adds flavor to an otherwise bland teen-romance .