There are moments here that you will love and remember .
Precious few movies are so agog with wonder at the absolute majesty of nature .
Truly remarkable , this is the most accessible of his films , to be sure , but there remains an edge that makes it all the more remarkable when the film settles in to be simply quiet and beautiful . Exceptional .
As the Buddhists might say , you have to experience it firsthand ; reading about it is not enough
Somber , serene and stirring .
Hay momentos de sobrecogedora belleza -LRB- ... -RRB- cuando logramos meternos dentro de un relato cargado de poesía como éste .
Spring , Summer , Fall , Winter ... and Spring provides an oasis from contemporary rhythms .
Spare and contained , with a timeless quality that makes it seem less a product of an individual human imagination than a collective memory ...
This is one Eastern film that shows a world view that is very different than the Western view of the universe .
Slow , yes , but never boring and frequently moving .
I 'm sure over two dozen people have used the word ` meditative ' to describe it , but , with its contemplative moments and exquisite use of natural color , the word simply fits .
a mystical primer on Buddhist spirituality , and an immediately absorbing story about lessons that we all must grapple with , regardless of faith and culture
Spring , Summer , Fall , Winter ... and Spring may arrive cloaked in Buddhist theory but its premise is more Halloween than hallowed .
Action lurks beneath amazing images , meditative tone .
The Bressonian mixture of intense labor , bodily devotion , and the palpable breath of spirituality across the frames is a peak few films seek to scale , and even fewer attain .
it 's a movie rich in Buddhist philosophies , yet full of incidents and observations that are easy to grasp , regardless of your beliefs .
Like nature itself , both elementally simple and complexly beautiful .
The impression this movie leaves is profound : Here is an artist who sees things whole .
Great chillout cinema .
Although not as gut-wrenching or politically pugnacious as some of his previous work , Kim 's film allows a sense of moral renewal unclouded by sentimentality and without blurring his remarkable cinematic idiom .
This meditation on spirituality , loneliness and accountability could touch your heart 's core .
It drifts around in a slow circle like the houseboat on the lake , but patient audiences will find the trip worthwhile .
This is as close to a Zen experience as the movies offer .
It 's a harsh story told against a lush backdrop , sad without being sentimental and instructive without being preachy .
Do n't be surprised if days after seeing this beautiful little film you discover it has taken up residence in your head .
This meditative character study is mesmerizing in its own peculiar way .
This is not a movie of action , but of meditation -- a tale that unfolds , like the seasons , allowing us time to explore its meaning and its mysteries .
The film 's effect is magical , drawing its viewer in and causing it to grow , wilt , lust and despair through an entire life in 98 minutes
A wise and brilliant movie .
Thanks to first-rate performances , the lovely shifts of the seasons and the resourceful , minimalist script , the film gently holds the heart -- and ultimately moves it .
A balm for the soul and a reminder that even in the frenetic city , the cosmos has its own steady pendulum .
-LSB- A -RSB- film with a power to seep into your soul like few others can ...
The film is most interesting when it bypasses the universality of its spiritual lessons and becomes culturally specific -LRB- a Buddhist ` sutra , ' a ritual sucide ... -RRB-
The film is only 98 minutes , but Kim is so meticulous in his storytelling that it seems as drawn out as the title .
The picture 's extraordinary beauty is inescapable .
Ki-Duk ... impressively fuses style and content .
As with most collections of short stories , some are more interesting than others . And the pacing is extremely slow -- almost meditative .
The payoff of this intoxicating film is less a deep , coherent message than a series of gorgeous surface images : the smoky visuals , the calm , committed rapport with nature , the dramatic seasonal shifts .
As the seasons pass , lessons are learned , mistakes are made and , inevitably , many audience members are put to sleep .
The story is compelling , but Spring , Summer sends your thoughts off in mystical directions , as you contemplate what it has to say about grace , learning from mistakes and accepting that we are all part of a plan , even if that plan is not clear .
A work of transporting beauty
This subtly entrancing paean to seasons earthly and emotional is to the developing male psyche what Whale Rider is to the female , and deserves equal acclaim .
Exquisitely crafted .
With its heart-stopping setting , gorgeous images and a lovely little story , it 's as fresh as woodland dew .
The floating monastery strikes one , at first , as far too empty a stage for a movie of any length , but it becomes , in the end , a meditation on walls , rules and memory , on the keeping out and the keeping in of life .
By turns humorous and tragic , Kim 's film folds Buddhist belief into scenarios that capture the eye while they provoke the mind .
A transporting sort of experience at the movies .
Beautifully composed as the film is , it borders on preciousness .
Misidentified as gentle , the picture just approaches conflict in a better way .
Proves that the most local story is sometimes the most universal , the simplest tale sometimes the most complex .
A little gem , it keeps its conflicting or varying themes of tranquility and violence , sacred and profane love , recklessness and wisdom , in almost perfect balance .
What makes it a must-see is the breathtakingly lovely cinematography of Dong-hyun Baek , whose camera work makes nature and the seasons come alive .
Exquitely beautiful -- a breath of fresh air .
Austere in style but deeply humane in its outlook ... a visually enthralling , spiritually uplifting film that portrays a man 's journey from childish naivete to enlightenment .
For many , the overall effect will be less as universal mythology than as lovely anthropology .
This is not a film that will appeal to everybody , but students of film would be wise to check out how to paint a picture on screen .
The lessons offered by Spring , Summer are as old as time . And for those who choose to worship at the altar of cinema , the images are unforgettable .
A sublime , witty , gritty and transcendental movie reflecting one man 's life journey .
Be prepared for a quiet , melancholy movie that provokes thought and contemplation .
A unique and exotic work of art that strikes a universal chord .
Beautiful and absorbing .
Using perfectly composed shots to amplify an emotionally resonant story , the film successfully argues that ` artistic ' films do not have to be boring .
-LSB- Spring -RSB- probably represents the purest and most transcendent distillation of the Buddhist faith ever rendered on the screen .
Perhaps most impressive are Kim 's simple yet profound cyclic repetitions , which build to a climatic transcendental moment before once again returning to life 's circular flow
A masterful portrait of the seasons of a life .
Unlike many movies , this one feels completely organic , as if there 's no other way it could play out but this .
If Tarantino 's film is built to thrill , Spring , Summer is made to last .
Lush and succinct images support the twists and turns of nature 's natural terms and the rumination of man 's evident shortcomings .
Arrives with the gale force winds that signal a major new international talent in Kim Ki-Duk .
Absolutely stunning and unforgettable ... you 'll want to savor this gem again and again with repeated viewings .
Visually arresting , Baek Dong Hyun 's cinematography will stay with you even as the film 's facile moral lessons fade away .
In some ways , this is less a movie than a meditation . But that does n't mean , like any meditation , it does n't offer its own rewards .
In the end , inner peace is found by all -- on screen and in the audience .
Where Kim 's best-known movie , The Isle , was a stomach-churner , this beautifully composed canvas is the sort of film one falls into , resurfacing at the end with great reluctance .
The film may not lead to enlightenment , but it 's a remarkable achievement nonetheless .
A beautiful film .
There 's a timelessness to Spring that 's enchanting .
As meditative and beautiful as its title would indicate .
Kim 's movie conjures a sense of spiritual discipline as suspenseful as it is stunning to watch and exhilarating to contemplate .
Although it takes a while to flesh out its message if you are patient , it is a very rewarding film , even if you have to take a deep breath and slowly say the title .
The work of both master and disciple , containing at once scenes of enormous beauty and warmth , crafted by Kim 's inner octogenarian , and those darker passages sealed with the imprint of a still-restless iconoclast .
The triumph of Spring , Summer is that even those of us who do n't happen to be Buddhists can catch a glimpse of ourselves in the spinning wheel of hope , destruction , suffering , and bliss .
Kim Ki Duk , in this exquisitely simple movie , manages to isolate something essential about human nature and at the same time to comprehend the scope of human experience .
This sense luscious Korean film provides a luminous meditation on the wisdom of Buddhism and the ways in which life is an exquisite spiritual teacher .
Far from a maxim-expounding sermon , the film is a fresh spring of irrational visual pleasure .
Here 's what Kim Ki-duk 's latest does n't have : defecatory closeups , icepicks in the tuckus , inappropriate use of fishhooks , audience members puking , or critics passing out .
Poetry in motion .
An accomplished , contemplative work rooted in the philosophy of Buddhism .
A triumph of sheer cinematic craft that mirrors its characters ' contemplative natures while extolling the virtues of lives simply led .
Backed by a terrific South Korean/German production crew , Kim Ki-duk is in total control of his material , its rhythms and its tone .
Just as every action in the film has its own reaction , every image evokes the oneness of the film 's characters to their natural surroundings .







@highlight

A visually stunning and contemplative piece of work .