Director Todd Solondz continues to force audiences to stare into stark and unflinching scenes of never-ending personal humiliations . That 's his auteurist signature .
I find little to recommend Wiener-Dog beyond the great cinematographer Ed Lachman 's outstanding work in this joyless , even cruel , series of episodes linked together by Wiener , a lovely dachshund , moving from one owner to another .
The actors strike the right tragi-comic tone , but the ending is such an ill-judged bummer that it 's hard not to feel like the whole thing was a waste of time .
It 's tempting to dismiss this as directorial misfiring or lack of clarity . And yet there are indelible moments of pathos , pain , and wonder .
Todd Solondz is back to his savage best with Wiener-Dog , an episodic movie following the life of a little dachshund .
I laughed , but I suspect most people wo n't be `` comfortable '' with it .
Spot-on Solondz , full of his trademark bite and bile . Dog lovers beware , though : this one 's not for you .
If you 're familiar with the twisted , tragic universe that writer-director Todd Solondz has created with eight features over 27 years , you may care to read on . I have good news .
If you are into Solondz , the hits outweigh the misses -LRB- stay for the year 's greatest intermission -RRB- . Just know that there 's dark , and there 's Solondz dark -LRB- particular warning if you are a dog lover and think this looks cute -RRB- .
I find Solondz 's films oddly soothing .
A film with an acid humor that tells a cruel story based on expressing the normality of a reprehensible actions that wo n't stop happening . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... an engaging , albeit slight , adventure that toys with the absurdity of mortality .
-LSB- Wiener-Dog -RSB- marks a triumphant return to form for Solondz .
The dog almost looks like he could be a Solondz character , waddling along on ridiculous little legs with a strangely dignified expression on his face .
Solondz remains a ruthless , cynical , necessary analyst of follies that maybe only seem obvious when we see other people doing them .
In a film of long takes and uncomfortable silences , Danny DeVito 's permanent frown perfectly captures the neurotic anxiety at the heart of Solondz 's films .
This uneven but intermittently lacerating and wry film ... wo n't exactly leave you feeling happy , but may leave you feeling happy that Solondz is still casting his misanthropic eye over middle America .
The humans do n't come out of it well , but Wiener-Dog herself surely offers uncomplicated hope , a rare commodity in Solondz 's world .
Solondz loves revisiting his creations -LRB- he did it in Life During Wartime and , glancingly , Palindromes -RRB- . Alas , he never improves on the originals .
If the first half of the film sees the director on familiar territory , going around in circles like a dog chasing his tail , with these final two miniatures of disquieting pessimism and piercing melancholy he recovers his bite , and some .
Wiener-Dog is a mordantly funny tour of the human condition seen from the low-slung position of a sausage dog .
It is a movie with a hard core of disillusionment .
Wiener-Dog sees Solondz on top form .
There 's every chance you 'll hate it . I 'm not convinced I do n't . But this is a film that , once seen , you 'll always know you 've seen and , in the most disquieting way , it feels as if it has somehow seen you too .
Solondz ' notorious misanthropy ... remains fully in force ...
The film is more successful as an exercise in style than it is as a gripping observation of the real world .
A short , bittersweet comedy which connects four separate stories of everyday weirdness through the welcome denominator of dogs short in limb and long in torso .
It 's a blackly comic drama dealing with the issue of futility , with a cynical edge that Solondz fans will be familiar with .
The film 's own bitter beauty is that the four characters , or character sets , are really one , and are really us . We 're watching the ages of Every -LRB- wo -RRB- man .
It is not only Todd Solondz 's most accomplished film in years , but it might be his most profoundly moving work to date .
This is a gentler , less confrontational Solondz . It makes you laugh , but probably wo n't leave you reeling after .
Not for all tastes , the well acted but deliberately paced result includes some clever observations while not adding up to much in the end .
On its non-Disney-family-movie level , Wiener-Dog is the most unsentimental pet film since Godard 's Farewell to Language ... But it 's the American Eccentric level of self-conscious filmmaking and social commentary that makes Wiener-Dog , frankly , amazing .
Todd Solondz 's film is not for everyone .
The best story involves Danny DeVito as a screenwriting teacher , which allows Solondz , an adjunct professor at New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts , to vent his spleen at the ignorance and arrogance of his students .
It is a film sneering at how terrible people are , and you are so terrible that you will probably laugh too .
Wiener-Dog is no triumph , but if you like Todd Solondz-or dogs-you 'll probably enjoy it .
... yet another misfire from a filmmaker who prizes shock value over authenticity and genuine emotion .
The seemingly odious characters have redeeming qualities , etched out by nuanced acting .
It 's heavy material , but Solondz shapes it all into an epic joke about the folly of living a good life .
Even Gerwig , who could light up a darkened cavern simply with her walk , is wasted under Solondz ' mirthless direction . She shuffles along with her shoulders slumped , like all characters in Solondz ' movies .
The most unsung , and in some ways disappointing character , is the dachshund .
Sic transit gloria mundi for the beleaguered title pooch of Todd Solondz 's latest societal eyeballing , which leashes a dog 's life to human absurdity .
It takes a callused soul not to dread the inevitable , and it takes an exceptional film to earn that discomfort from its audience . This film is not exceptional .
At a time when even niche films are virtually scrubbed clean of any traces of eccentricity , Solondz 's downbeat vision of humanity is downright refreshing .
These characters are all tragically lost , strung up or strung out due to their own personal failures . It 's a grim , depressing , worm 's eye view of the human race , and it 's one that Solondz revels in .
It 's the writer/director 's finest and most accessible movie in years , bitterly funny and painfully moving .
There are surprising shards of tenderness here , and a fake `` intermission '' you wo n't soon forget .
If you 're a fan , as I once was , you 'll instantly recognize Solondz ' M.O. , which like Woody Allen , is so bereft of ideas , he has no choice but to forever repeat himself .
Indie filmmaker Todd Solondz , best known for his morose 1990s films Welcome to the Dollhouse and Happiness , returns with this peculiar deadpan road movie , which is as aimless as it is fascinating .
For all his grimace-worthy view of humankind , Solondz is an eagle-eyed observer , and I think this is his best movie in years . Without him , the art of the feel-bad movie would n't be the same .
Viewers wary of the director 's reputation as a savage satirist will be pleasantly surprised by the deeply felt humanism in Weiner-Dog .
The actors echo the effort with great heart , and the result is both touching and acrid .
This movie is a tone poem on Solondz 's usual topics : the plastic banality of American life ; the casual cruelty of average , well-meaning people , -LSB- and -RSB- the crushing of innocence and joy .
The style tends toward the artificial and the humor toward the archly droll , but the stories themselves are perfectly sincere .
You would n't exactly call the movie a thrill , but it 's curiously engrossing all the same .
A four-part sick joke from cinema 's dean of depressive , coldhearted humor , Todd Solondz .
As he gets older , Todd Solondz outgrows the cheap shocks and easy nihilism and stumbles toward a mellow misanthropy .
Few of the rants are as laugh-out-loud funny as , say , Jon Lovitz 's in Happiness , but there 's plenty of Solondz 's signature brand of misanthropy .
In the end , trying to compartmentalize this movie in some neat fashion is folly . This is Todd Solondz and , refreshingly enough , you ca n't teach an old dog new tricks .
The casting was spot-on in `` Dollhouse '' ; here it seems haphazard .
Caring for animals changes who we are as people , and this film sniffs around to discover every possible way . Wiener-Dog is a low-key masterpiece .
Viewers in tune with -LSB- Solondz 's -RSB- sensibility ... will enjoy the abundant gallows humor the film affords .
The bitter humor of director Todd Solondz has never been for all tastes , and this may be his bitterest yet . Painfully , lethally funny .
At the end of the day , `` Wiener-Dog '' seems to be saying that life is mundane , then you die . It 's not the stuff of Hallmark cards , but Solondz has a way of making it palatable .
It 's more existential in its dread than the past films , as well as more open to tenderness -LRB- a little -RRB- , while deploying a formal strategy that is self-consciously artful even by Solondz 's standards .
A couple of the tales here are more palatable than others , but these ca n't quite transcend the film 's overall feeling of mean-spirited pettiness .
It is well-acted , occasionally funny , and tightly written .
En route to the harshest , most unremittingly bleak film of his career , Solondz unleashes some of his sharpest commentary on human mortality and regret .
There are some lovely surreal moments , but they get less time on screen than Hershey squirts and open body cavities .
I loved it , but you might not .
One of Solondz 's sharpest visions of futility .
Frankly , I started the film with a feeling of dread ; I left it feeling drained , just wanting to go home , draw the blinds , and hug my own pet .
Todd Solondz 's dark comedy Wiener-Dog follows the life of a dachshund as she moves through the lives of her various owners , all of whom are , in various ways , cracked .
Though Solondz ultimately fails to provide the insight that once came with horrifying ease , the visibility of his struggle is its own form of honesty .
This Todd Solondz tale of a dachsund and the humans who neglect him is the same meal of misery the filmmaker has been dishing out for years . Only a few glints remain of Solondz 's satiric grit and grace .
I guess Solondz wants to show the pain and detritus of human experience but with satirical pokes at American life in particular . The results are more unnerving than humorous .
Solondz gives no quarter , nor does he mince words about where we 're all headed . His vision of our predicament is bleakly funny and weirdly heartfelt .
Mr. Solondz 's eye for the petty hypocrisies and delusions of American life has lost some of its sharpness , and he flails at flabby targets ... in ways that sometimes carry an ugly whiff of racial and sexual bigotry .
Writer/director Todd Solondz makes insightful movies about innocents suffering the worst human impulses from a viewpoint that suggests arrested adolescence mixed with intellectual black humor and a critical eye towards America .
Often accused of glib misanthropy , Solondz 's films serve only to expose his underlying empathy .
-LSB- A -RSB- barbed and beguiling canine odyssey in four parts ...
Wiener-Dog has some sharp teeth and stands on its own awkward little legs .
It 's a plotless slog with one of the most childishly `` outrageous '' endings I 've ever sat through .
Wiener-Dog 's laughs are typically sour , but the filmmaker has n't landed this many of them since Storytelling , his last multipart feature .
A dog wanders through a quartet of miserable tales in this monotonous black comedy .
A film - like the more serene `` Life During Wartime '' - where the spots of genuine warmth make the darker moments in this and all his films seem , if less abrasive , then at least more complex , not so easily reduced .
The film 's back half nearly goes completely astray with two segments featuring unimaginative characterizations and tepid , mean-spirited scenarios .
Wiener-Dog is a bleak , pitch-black comedy that forgets to be cynically charming or morbidly funny , because apparently we needed one more kick in the nuts from life ?
Solondz 's creatures feel caged and cramped by their everyday plights , and their dialogue is drained of zing .
A cute , off-beat tale , separate narratives of people whose lives are bound together by a Dachshund .
He 's just spinning his wheels , continuing to tell the same stories in the same way , and expecting them to elicit the same response .
Aptly described by Solondz as Au Hasard Balthazar meets Benji , there 's no denying it bears his brand of humor and heartbreak in every scene .
-LSB- Delivers -RSB- just enough pitch-black humor to sweeten the despair .
Watching a Solondz film has never been a particularly easy experience , yet Weiner Dog offers a droll playfulness not seen since Welcome to the Dollhouse .
It 's light but nihilistic , bleak but also incredibly beautiful .
Solondz 's latest is morose and jaundiced and , although uneven , a relentlessly clever little film .
-LSB- Sundance 2016 -RSB- An alternately tender , blunt and acridly satiric meditation on the process of life and death in all its natural , bitter forms .
Wiener-Dog is a balmy , addicting stroll through Todd Solondz 's not-so-delirious vision of America that charms just as much as it haunts .
What saves the movie is Solondz 's sensibility , which is still one-of-a-kind .
The satirical and melancholy worldview of Todd Solondz can sometimes be so hard to swallow that it goes down more easily in smaller doses , especially with an adorable widdle dog as a chaser .
Wiener-Dog does n't find Solondz going light to deliver an inspirational medley . Instead , he 's created arguably his most caustic film since Happiness .
A hapless Dachshund witnesses the spectrum of human unhappiness in this sly , stimulating provocation from Todd Solondz .
Life may be as unfair and arbitrary as Solondz portrays it , but it is arguably more diverse in its moods and its ups and downs . The film may not be a dog , but nor is it likely to become anyone 's best friend .
After `` Welcome to the Dollhouse '' and `` Happiness , '' Solondz 's was one of the quintessential indie voices of the 1990s but today his act has gone stale .

@highlight

For filmgoers predisposed to enjoy Todd Solondz ' brand of black comedy , Wiener-Dog wo n't disappoint -- but those put off by previous works need not apply .