... neither Sabine , nor Le Notre , nor Luis XIV possess enough charm or force to involve us in their circumstances ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even audiences who do n't come expecting nail-biting action may find the pace is overly languorous and the drama somewhat meandering .
If the film overall never quite works up a full head of steam , it still has enough to recommend it for viewing on a lazy summer 's day .
Like all royal palaces , scheming and sabotage are par for the course but A Little Chaos is about the scenery , costumes and performances , notably the one given by splendid Stanley Tucci as the King 's camp bisexual brother .
Flawed 17th-century costume drama .
It is all rather too restraint and temperate an affair , hugely lacking the decadence and opulence of French aristocratic life .
A Little Chaos does n't quite convince as a depiction of life as a 17th century French aristocrat , and is longer than it needs to be , but Madame de Barra 's story is an interesting one , and there 's plenty to charm green-thumbed film-goers .
Alan Rickman creates a sweet , charming period piece off an anachronistic but committed , beautifully directed performance from Kate Winslet .
Rickman keeps the tone fluffy and occasionally self-aware , and even more so than most costume dramas , you always get the feeling that everyone 's playing dress-up .
How to describe that thing where you thoroughly enjoy watching something that is neither objectively good , nor enjoyably bad ?
Rickman has created some wonderful scenes for himself to share with his Sense and Sensibility castmate Winslet .
An enchanting costume drama about beauty , flowers , love , grief , and impermanence .
True French historians should simply relax and enjoy a film that takes us on a beautifully photographed cinematic romp into a past as it likely SHOULD have been .
Winslet is radiant , but limited by the fictional character written for her : a flawless woman whose lack of happiness is hampered by grief over a terrible loss .
Rickman does n't take risks and seems to have some difficulties in acting and directing at the same time . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film neglects its characters and many of them lack purpose . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The ostentatious reconstruction of the historical setting is used only as a background for a predictable love story . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
This may not be the most daring and innovative film of the year , but it has charming performances . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Costume drama has strong female character but moves slowly .
... not a terrible period romance , just an ordinary one . It 's all very pretty , with some startling images of the mucky natural world as well as the king 's geometrically tamed gardens . Still , it squanders the talents of its key players .
`` Chaos '' is n't out to overwhelm , sticking close to formula when dealing with romantic interests and bottomless pain , but Rickman knows how to spin predictability in a satisfying manner .
A special period movie treat with many lovely scenes and outstanding performances .
For the rest of its plodding length , the movie wallows in its rich costumes , sumptuous wigs and stately , dignified repartee .
It 's stupefyingly boring , as only a movie might be that seeks to qualify the ` chaos ' in its title with the adjective ` little . '
It might generate interest from horticulture aficionados who wo n't mind that the film needs a lighter touch , not to mention a lot more chaos .
`` A Little Chaos '' wants us to be fascinated by a feminist who never was , then undermines her by casting an approving eye on the steamy affair she begins with her boss .
A Little Chaos comes off as highly concerned with appearances , but it could use a bit of the artistry and sense of rebellion that concerns the film 's very premise .
a minuet , and plodding one at that , when it should be a either a gavotte or a resounding symphony
`` A Little Chaos '' is a little fish in a big pond of summer blockbusters but it is a film worth seeing for its story , characters , especially Sabine , and period production .
Rickman 's film holds many charms , not the least of which is his own performance as the King who would be commoner for one fantastical afternoon .
A 17th century semi-historical romantic drama , the film has its pleasures . Winslet is lovely and resilient as its faux feminist heroine .
`` A Little Chaos '' could have used a lot more of it .
It 's difficult to conjure ... excitement for a mess like `` A Little Chaos , '' a lazy and off-puttingly anachronistic feminist fantasy about an 18th-century female landscape designer who finds love while creating ... one of the grandest spaces in Versailles .
All of it feels haphazardly assembled .
Although Rickman pours on the lavish set and costume design and would-be-witty court repartee -LRB- it is not -RRB- , the film he has fashioned is strangely inert and unexciting .
Instead of deeply caring for the characters , I was just waiting to see how that garden will turn out .
A Little Chaos does n't have to be as dull as it ultimately turns out to be .
Mr. Rickman has found in the Sun King a character worthy of his imperious , reptilian charisma .
The story comes to life only fitfully , even with - or perhaps because of - its court intrigue and supporting characters both hissable -LRB- Helen McCrory as André 's wife -RRB- and flamboyant -LRB- Stanley Tucci as the king 's bisexual brother -RRB- .
A very little chaos , and more 's the pity .
Winslet has ... powerful scenes , especially a visceral one near the end that dives into her harried history . It , however , is not enough to keep A Little Chaos in order .
Oh , this one should have been a charmer .
Engrossing and entertaining if sometimes trite and manipulative and totally bogus .
Alan Rickman was born to play the Sun King -- or any king , really -- but neither he nor the blue-chip cast he 's recruited in his capacity as director can rescue this muddled historical drama .
It 's a shame such a talented artist could n't create a more memorable film , but the overlong `` A Little Chaos '' bogs down in a lackluster love story .
This is a movie in which everything feels vaguely familiar .
-LSB- Sabine -RSB- triumphs over a soft script and stock characters not just because this is Kate Winslet , Titanic survivor -LRB- her heart will go on -RRB- , but because Rickman has flanked her with so much British acting talent .
A LITTLE CHAOS may not be perfect , but thanks to the talent involved you could do far worse .
The best part of the entire film may very well be when Alan Rickman says the words ` Have you lemon ? ' - a simple pleasure that breathes brief life into an otherwise dour grind .
Alan Rickman 's film is consistently , and often dispiritingly , mired in the quaint tradition of the classy costume drama .
Some intriguing dialogue , and a closet full of fantastic frocks , ca n't help an impressive ensemble cast save this movie from being a lackadaisical picture , far removed from anything remotely exciting as chaos .
We get ready for the sparks to fly , but the scenes between Winslet and Schoenaerts fall flat . In fact , we pay more attention to the beautiful costumes and art direction than to any exchange between the two romantic leads .
If Rickman , who co-wrote the film with Alison Deegan and Jeremy Brock , was beholden to no historical record , why did n't he come up with something more interesting than another tale of tentative courtship in the time of corsets ?
A tepid romantic void at the centre of A Little Chaos will cause your enjoyment of everything else going on around it to wither .
What could be a look at artistic vision against brutal nature , or at least gender prejudice , never takes root .
The film certainly does n't lack for engaging talent - but none can save it from a fundamentally thin plot .
While he shines in his supporting role as the satisfyingly complex king , it 's hard not to imagine what the film would have looked like with Rickman as the romantic lead .
A stylish , intelligent entertainment for grown-ups with some splendid performances .
An overlong ditty of a movie that gets by on the considerable charms of its cast and the sumptuousness of its period-perfect production
Schoenaerts and his lack of bodice-busting tension with Winslet mirrors the film 's transparent , often anachronistic inauthenticity : He 's a modern Belgian using a regal British accent to play seventeenth-century French .
For all its visual splendours , the film is never as engaging as you might hope , partly because of the predictable storyline and partly because a disappointingly stiff Schoenaerts is no match for the soulful Winslet .
Winslet is typically commanding in the lead and there are entertaining flourishes from Rickman , Jennifer Ehle and Stanley Tucci .
As the film veers wildly from poised badinage to skullduggery to florid melodrama , a little chaos is n't the half of it .
Romantic and funny and smart and wise and just plain different . This is a historical costume dramedy romp about gardening . How cool is that ?
Rickman grazes past things of substance but ca n't overcome the sense that he 's really in it for the dressing up .
Will she bring in the botanical build on time and on budget ? Will the head gardener give her the green thumbs up ? Or will it end in a vale of mud and tears for our horticultural hotties ?
The film is n't nearly as stilted as the set-up might suggest . In fact , it 's rather charming .
Bringing a little dash of class to a big brash world , A Little Chaos goes a long way .
This film has its pleasing moments , and is beautiful to look at , with more over-the-top wigs than you can shake a stick at ... But the characters do not connect to each other and we therefore can not connect with it .
The only chaos connected with this stultifyingly orderly and conventional period film must be the chaos now reigning in the offices of Matthias Schoenaerts 's agent .
It 's the stuff of Sunday night TV drama , for winding down with tea and cake . Very civilised .
Kate Winslet , playing a pioneering seventeenth-century gardener in the French court of Louis XIV , is the best thing about the film .
While richly enjoyable , there 's the nagging sense that Rickman is enjoying himself too much .
The film is nicely shot , Rickman can still arch an eyebrow and the costumes and furniture are all very nice to look at . But thrill-seekers may want to look elsewhere .
While hardly the stuff of screen sensation , this is safe , yet pleasingly assured filmmaking that delivers on the promise of all talent involved .
Alan Rickman directs Kate Winslet in this charming period chick flick about the woman charged by Louis XIV to design and build a fountain garden in the palace of Versailles .
Those curious about this period of history may be intrigued but there 's not quite enough content in A Little Chaos to provide broader appeal .
It 's admittedly a gorgeous crowd-pleaser , but one that could have set its sights higher .
Sometimes it 's awkward , sometimes it works . These singular , detached vignettes keep the film interesting , even as its momentum seems to falter , its purpose to be a little unclear .
The scene in which a metaphor using a rose at its various stages of bloom and decline to depict a woman is one of the memorable moments in this rich , picturesque costume drama
What A Little Chaos lacks in historical accuracy , it makes up for in sheer entertainment , thanks to strong performances , an emotionally engaging story and confident direction from Rickman .
It takes some doing to waste the talents of two of Europe 's finest actors .
The film is powdered up to the nines , with a wig count in Madness of King George vicinity and a lot of sporting cleavage .
This decently acted film is agreeable entertainment , even if it works better on a scene by scene basis than in terms of overall flow .
`` A Little Chaos '' is all too tidy as it imposes a predictable , pat modern sensibility on a most unconvincing depiction of late 17th-century French aristocratic life ...
It has to be said , the performances are excellent . Winslet manages emotional honesty within anachronistic confines , and Schoenaerts escapes with dignity .
Yes it lacks real dramatic edge and may be seen as a typical British period costume film , but it is also a classily made pleasure that will delight its target audience .

@highlight

Stylish and well-acted without ever living up to its dramatic potential , A Little Chaos is shouldered by the impressive efforts of a talented cast .