The plot uses the presence of the Greek gods as an indistinct outline to influence teenagers who are more interested in the prestige and glamor of their connection than the responsibility that comes with it .
It provides a great adventure movie for the family audience .
The premise of Percy Jackson & the Olympians : The Lightning Thief holds great potential potential the film never realizes .
Percy Jackson is simply uninspired in every single meaning of the word . It 's probably the crassest , most obviously derivative work of this sort since Eragon .
It kind of just builds up to a lot of Not Much .
Manages to pay its respects to the Greek myths and actually convey them as fun .
Percy Jackson & the Olympians : The Lightning Thief proves to be a satisfying beginning to what is sure to be a promising film franchise .
Mildly diverting .
Just another mediocre fantasy flick , but if you enjoyed the books , I 'm sure you 'll enjoy the film .
An enjoyable PG-rated family adventure in its own right , but Columbus ' film ca n't live up to the Potter gold standard , and it strays enough from Riordan 's source material to make its tween readership blow a gasket every few minutes . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Not a perfect film , but the movie does have a certain passion that a lot of other franchise attempts have lacked . If you like Greek mythology and are looking for an antidote to Clash of the Titans , this may be what you 're looking for .
A great family film , with just the right measures of action , mythological allusions , humor , and adventure .
Of all the would-be Potter projects that have hit the screen over the years , this is one of more polished and enjoyable ones .
click to read full review
... a sprightly Harry Potter clone and an eye-candy-coated intro to Greek mythology .
While this flick may not have Harry Potter 's complex world and multiple layers , it also does n't have the angst and darkness . It replaces them with one thing in bulk : Fun .
Another attempted launch of a teen-aimed franchise , but this show-boat is rowing through the motions . Seen-that , been-there fantasy-epic stuff with dialogue more wooden and hollow than the Trojan Horse .
What surprised me is that I had some affection for an action adventure film the way I would have in the days of the Ray Harryhausen 's best films .
A fun , effects-filled , escapist adventure , with several clever notions : Medusa sells garden statuary as a cover , and the Parthenon in Nashville is home to a hydra .
A safe , bland , test-marketed product made for tween mass consumption . Like most films arriving with ampersands and colons in the title , it 's a bore .
It looks like the characters of color in Percy Jackson have been paired off , a remarkable choice in a movie that is , in essence , about the glories of half-breeds .
It 's all jolly good fun , rattling along at a perfect pace with enough action setpieces and spectacle to keep both youngsters and adults happy .
An awful lot of acting talent goes to waste in this film , but there is barely enough here to marginally satisfy the younger set .
The Greek gods had outsized powers and petty grievances . These Gen-Y demigods are no different - it 's a whole generation of kids with daddy issues
Grand prize goes to Uma Thurman as snake-headed Medusa . It 's also a pleasure to see Steve Coogan in hell .
The whole thing is piffle , but it moves fast enough to stay entertaining .
Remember the first time you saw Harry Potter on the big screen ? This is more like the third time you saw him but with bigger effects and Greek mythology replacing the occult .
there 's not one single thing in it that will appeal to a person who has ever seen a mythological origin story before , much less any other sort of adventure movie .
So trite and ludicrous it is no threat to the Harry Potter franchise
... an attempt to replicate the phenomenon that is Harry Potter .
I thought it was mischievous and witty and amusing and I was just sort of drawn into it .
Maybe if you 're aged between eight and 12 , or exceptionally dim-witted , you may not notice that this is a tenth-rate rip-off of Harry Potter , with Greek mythology taking the place of magic .
The technical wizardry is spectacular and the story is taut , pacy and consistently inventive .
The film is a rousing blend of special effects , but not so scary that children aged seven and above will spend the entire movie hiding behind their fingers .
Percy Jackson & the Olympians is a dutifully made kids ' fantasy film that Columbus handles with the basic approach that he wielded on his faithful but vanilla Harry Potter adaptations .
Chris Columbus was a safe choice behind the lens , and he does n't throw up any surprises . Columbus brings a measured approach that works on the whole , delivering the expected mix of set-ups , set-pieces and edge of your seat showdowns .
An imaginative , if simplistic , visit to classical Greek mythology , an archetypal quest by a lad with paternal issues .
It 's not enough to compensate for the computer-game-style plotting , which is largely based on us picking up narrative nuggets that mechanically slot into place later on .
Kids will love it , and adults may relish Pierce Brosnan 's Centaur , and Steve Coogan as Hades - in his personal hell just under Hollywood .
A slab of market research in search of an actual movie .
The tone is not always certain , but the special effects are as spectacular as and the mythological underpinning more compelling than anything in the Harry Potter series .
Percy Jackson manages to make Greek mythology both fun and exciting and is sure to appeal to its key demographic .
Not bad , but JK Rowling can rest easy .
There 's plenty of larks to be had from a fast-moving fantasy that does n't take its mythology too seriously and employs actors who do n't look like teenage rabbits in headlights .
While you suspect it 's really just a big Clash Of The Titans spoiler , there 's enough action in Jackson to make it succeed on its own terms . Lerman 's a likeable lead , though it 's the game supporting cast that keeps you watching .
It 's evidently Potter-ish , but unashamedly aimed at younger viewers - which makes the emphasis on the junior hero 's fighting skills and a clearly misguided Las Vegas casino sequence all the more dismaying .
While the Hogwarts saga may be getting long in the tooth , at least it has decent characters and a sense of humour . This has neither .
It is great to see Greek Mythology taking centre stage , even if people must say `` no way '' , `` yes way '' when faced with a fire-breathing hydra .
Digitisation reigns - spectacular visual effects - while the dialogue drizzles and sploshes .
If they 'd played it for laughs it might just have worked , but in fact its earnest tone and digimation effects stick pretty close to the Potter model . We could be in for a very long haul .
Very American , very crass and very underwhelming .
The story is told in bland , episodic fashion with no sense of drama or threat .
This ineffably wooden Chris Columbus adaptation of author Rick Riordan 's best-seller for young teens has a screenplay that defies description .
It 's fantastic fun , it knows its Greek mythology , and it 's a very promising start to a franchise . More of the same , please .
It would be an easy slam review . But if you like big pretty toy commercials , it 's plenty of fun .
`` It is a bit hard to see quite where Percy Jackson and the Lightening Thief 's market lies . Too adult for juveniles , too juvenile for adults .
... an agreeable fantasy adventure that should leave fans of the genre satisfied .
Director Columbus never quite gets comfortable juggling the film 's myriad characters , grandiose-but-stale CGI effects , and PG-friendly battle scenes , speeding headlong through endless plot points rather than taking the time to make any of them matter .
This is what a quality book adaptation should do , stand on it 's own , while making you want to explore more . But JESUS ! Can we stop the Apple Product Placements ! I do n't want to see a freaking iPhone in a Fantasy film !!!
Despite so much epic drama in Greek mythology from which to borrow , here we are given little sense of the magnitude of the clash between the quarrelsome gods ...
The Lightning Thief is all crass ineptitude and lost potential . Columbus ' infantilizing of any character depth and use of leftover Harry Potter special effects will amuse only the smallest in your pantheon .
The plot is a pretty blatant rehash of the typical `` coming-of-age hero '' tropes . Still , while `` Percy Jackson '' may not end up being the next huge and successful franchise , at the very least , it was an honest and amusing two hours .
Young viewers probably will be entertained but even they are likely to realize that this could have and should have been better , especially by the time they 're old enough to drive .
It raises issues it does n't have the balls to resolve by placing them in a context it does n't have the brains to exploit .
Whew boy .
My problems with it are the same as with most screen adaptations of young adult novels ... they spend so much time struggling to explain the world they 're creating that they forget which parts of the story people want to see ... they figure that people -LRB- kids -RRB-
Sadly worthy of its dumping into the cinematic boneyard of wintry mid-February .
The camera work is frequently pedestrian , the acting is bland , and the jokes often fall flat .
Director Chris Columbus has brought together the modern and mythical spheres with sharp pacing and a nifty sense of fun that atone for the film 's dippier moments . It 's his most enjoyable effort since Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets .
Dutifully Potteresque it begins , and dutifully Potteresque it ends .
Has all the CGI sorcery of a Harry Potter pic , but none of the magic .
Columbus knows his way around this kind of material even if some of the special effects look like they came from Deep Discount .
Percy Jackson , you are no Harry Potter . You are not fit to walk in a hobbit 's wake .
Too scary for younger fans of the popular book .
The pleasant surprise is how deftly the story translates the myths from their classical idiom into modern ones and without losing the classical flavor
... great fun for the whole family . And if it introduces you and any young readers in your home to the books , so much the better .
Sorry Mr. Jackson , but Harry Potter you ai n't .
A clunky kid-sized epic , able to conjure colossal acts of Greek myth wonderment , but never brave enough to shut its pie hole and let the audience process the screen magic .
Harry Potter meets Clash of the Titans ... The backdrop of Greek mythology makes an enjoyable change of pace from the medieval fantasy magic of the Potter stories .
While winning the award for longest movie title , it is a film that only goes through the motions .
Not without bright moments ... but the story is centered around a trio of young actors who simply are n't operating at the same skill level as their older costars .
Built with set pieces that demonstrate a real affection for Greek myth iconography and centered on a strong performance by Logan Lerman -LRB- a star in the making -RRB- , Percy Jackson & The Olympians aims young and hits the target fairly consistently .
It 's not awful . It 's just not particularly inspired . Something tells me this movie wo n't be inspiring a sequel anytime soon .
Parental Content Review
Harry , Ron and Hermione : Relax . You could whip Percy Jackson and his pals with your wand hands tied behind your backs .
The film toggles between high camp and deadly earnestness , all the while threatening to drown in an ocean of not-so-special effects .
This is a kids ' movie : Parents can either get into the silly-suspenseful spirit of it or play Rummikub on their iPhones .
Likable as Percy may be , it 's not lightning he 's stolen .
While it certainly is n't terrible , it plays like a low-rent variation of the Harry Potter formula -- innocuous but instantly forgettable .
Like its stars , the film is genial good company .
It 's apparent that Potter may at last have a worthy successor .
Unfortunately , the movie lacks that good old Potter charm , trading Harry 's dark whimsy for a handful of CGI magic beans .
There are lots of cool surprises along the way , and the special effects are fantastic , especially the ones that create Uma Thurman 's Medusa snakedo .
Columbus and company have crafted an agreeable mythological jaunt the whole family will enjoy , and while I would n't pay more than matinee prices that still means making the quest to the multiplex is a journey worthy of the undertaking .
Lerman has a presence even with a mouth full of bad dialogue .
A dull , scattershot affair that owes much to both X-Men and Greek mythology but which never seems to slow down enough to make any sense whatsoever .
This film is replete with plot holes .
Some moments of inspired silliness save this escapist adventure from complete dullness .
The best thing you can say about Chris Columbus 's adaptation is that he 's incapable of destroying whatever magic and wonder it is in these books that has kept kids coming back for more .
This cast is simply too generic . None of the young thespians stick out .
Percy Jackson may not be `` Harry Potter good , '' but kids will really enjoy it and parents will be happy to have a moviethey can bring them to that 's family-friendly .
-LSB- P -RSB- erfectly inoffensive , occasionally clever ... It 's in the few genuinely cinematically joyful moments , the ones that do rise above the formula , that you realize how much more this could have been ...
Admirably , the movie is n't bogged down in the exposition common to first entries , but at the end , it 's a franchise searching for its voice .
The main thing this movie seems to be missing is classically trained British actors .
When the movie slows down to catch its breath , there 's very little of the heart and soul -- and wry wit -- that make the Riordan books so beloved .
Imperfect , yes , but also both suitably imaginative and entertaining . Works as action-adventure razzle-dazzle , coming-of-age tale , and beginners ' lesson on Greek mythology .
Although the standard allegorical bases for mythical-quest movies are dutifully covered , the obvious similarity of Percy Jackson to the Harry Potter movies inevitably makes it feel somewhat secondhand .
A little bit worse than lifeless ; it 's clueless , like a Medusa running around with her head cut off .
You do n't even have to be familiar with the first book in Rick Riordan 's popular fantasy series to enjoy Chris Columbus ' energetic adaptation .
This is generic filmmaking at its most banal , a simple-minded simplification of a not overwhelmingly complex book .
The fireballs are great but the story feels confused in its tone and direction .
Kids may well enjoy the adventures of The Lightning Thief on screen , but I think most readers will prefer the movie in their imaginations .
An attempt to steal some of Harry Potter 's thunder that also stands on its own as a well-made large-scale adventure that works well enough to entertain the teens it 's hoping to strike .
With great effects -LRB- and a few surprises -RRB- it 's a fun , Saturday-matinee adventure .
Columbus directs with his usual frying pan to the head . Music is forever swelling majestically . Characters are always opening wide their eyes and mouths to gaze in wonder .
While this might not rival the later , better Harry Potter movies or the Lord of the Rings trilogy , it 's more fun than you might expect .
Percy Jackson & the Olympians sounds like an Otis Redding cover band . It is , instead , an unofficial cover of the Harry Potter franchise .
The movie feels like a cut-rate Potter knockoff with a dash of Ray Harryhausen .
In Columbus ' hands , it once again all breaks down into a series of rushed , breathless special-effects setpieces , in a thrill ride that is n't headed anywhere new .
The Lightning Thief makes the idea of a sequel seem like an inviting proposition .
Columbus aims at nothing more than providing a rambunctious romp . He nimbly avoids the fate that has snared other film adaptations , like Eragon and Inkheart .
gets so many things right that when it goes astray that you kind of wish it had n't tried in the first place
The Lightning Thief is n't electric , but it generates some spark when it varies the Grecian formula .
Chris Columbus and his crew take a literal approach to spectacle that denies the magnificent use of weirdness and scale that famed stop-action animator Ray Harryhausen brought to such myth-inspired classics as `` Jason and the Argonauts '' -LRB- 1963 -RRB- ...
Even with all its computer-generated fireballs , it 's lukewarm medium-budget blockbustering .
The disappearance of lightning simply is not interesting , and Percy Jackson and the Olympians sounds more like a '70s funk band than a kid 's series .
Uma Thurman demonstrates she can wear a snake-covered head as gracefully as Pierce Brosnan can trot around with a horse 's netherlands .
Action movies of this scale often start off strong and wind down to forgettable finales , but Percy Jackson is the opposite , overcoming a clunky setup to deliver nearly all its thrills in the last half-hour .
The Greek-gods premise lets the filmmakers indulge in some visually whizzy sequences that keep this rather lightweight action movie entertaining .
Enjoyable , nicely paced family adventure with likeable characters , a strong central premise and some decent set-pieces , though the plot 's a little hazy in places and the humour does n't always work .
Of all the players , Uma Thurman channels the Bride to deliver a Medusa the children wo n't easily forget when it comes to bedtime .
What 's really lacking in The Lightning Thief is a genuine sense of wonder , the same thing that brings viewers back to Hogwarts over and over again .
It 's more a list of ingredients than a movie-magic potion to enjoy from start to finish .
Harry Potter knockoffs do n't come more transparent and slapdash than this wannabe-franchise jumpstarter directed by Chris Columbus .
Percy Jackson is n't a great movie , but it 's a good one , trotting out kernels of Greek mythology like so many Disney Channel references .
Fun , brisk and imaginative
Crammed with dragons , set-destroying fights and things exploding , -LSB- Columbus -RSB- squeezes in a few well-meaning pause breaks about friendship and absent fathers before swiftly moving on to the next pyrotechnics display .
This action-packed fantasy adventure , based on Rick Riordan 's hit Percy Jackson and the Olympians series of books , is great fun , and deserves to find an audience with teens now bereft of any Harry Potter magic .
For what it is and for whom it is intended , it 's not a bad movie , just an indifferent one .
Chris Columbus returns to his comfort zone for this mirthless , episodic fantasy saga based on the young-reader book series by Rick Riordan .
With a top-notch cast and dazzling special effects , this will tide the teens over until the next Harry Potter instalment .
Whether audiences will get behind The Lightning Thief is hard to predict . Overall , it 's an entertaining introduction to a promising new world -- but will the consuming shadow of Potter be too big to break free of ?
A fantasy adventure that fuses Greek mythology to contemporary American places and values . Anyone around 15 -LRB- give or take a couple of years -RRB- will thrill to the visual spectacle
Uma Thurman as Medusa , the gorgon with a coiffure of writhing snakes and stone-inducing hypnotic gaze is one of the highlights of this bewitching fantasy


@highlight

Though it may seem like just another Harry Potter knockoff , Percy Jackson benefits from a strong supporting cast , a speedy plot , and plenty of fun with Greek mythology .