Final Chapter puts mankind on the precipice of genuine collapse , and provides the viewer with encouragement and incitement to press on in spite of it .
Albert Wesker : Toughest motherf ****** to put down for good in the history of video games , randomly relegated to keeping a button depressed for the film series ' grand finale
It 's a delight to see Alice escape by the skin of her teeth more than half a dozen times , with each of those close-shaves being truly thrilling , and the 3D makes them all the more exciting .
It 's competent , undemanding and extraordinarily violent stuff as Alice once again locks horns , hunting knives and serious armoury with that nasty Dr Isaacs and his army of undead and finally learns the secret of The Hive .
Offers the strange spectacle of an action movie with a world-class action hero and unbearably bad action walking hand in hand .
... Resident Evil : The Final Chapter is boring and predictable , and about as fun as a headache .
You probably do n't need to have seen the previous five movies to follow this one ; the story -LRB- by director Paul W.S. Anderson , who is also Mr. Jovovich -RRB- is as violently incomprehensible as the others , anyway .
The movie does what the previous five have done with no apologies and no regrets .
The film comprises 20 per cent boring plot talk and 80 per cent even more boring action .
-LSB- A -RSB- n organic genre-movie thrill like silent cinema 's Little Nell tied to railroad tracks .
In the context of America 's scary 2017 , a story in which the self-proclaimed ` righteous ' devise ` a Noah 's ark for the rich and powerful ' in order to ride out an ` orchestrated apocalypse ' no longer seems entirely far-fetched .
The action scenes are choppy and move so quickly , it made me dizzy . Some scenes are so dark , you ca n't see what 's happening , and the movie took itself too seriously - basically , sucking the life of the series .
If fans are able to get by the narrative questions created by The Final Chapter , then it is a gratifying spectacle that , as the previous films have proven , may ironically turn out not to be the final chapter .
The B-movie thrills on offer here are solid . The action , the fights , the jump scares ... they 're all entertaining , and there 's a long-serving genre heroine who 's finally allowed some evolution and a bit of closure .
The sixth movie in this violent sci-fi/horror series feels cursory and carelessly made . The cluttered , clunky footage is nearly unwatchable , and it 's difficult to care about the flat , lifeless characters .
It 's a shame that the series will probably bow out after its weakest picture .
Billed as a last post-apocalyptic hurrah for Alice -LRB- Jovovich -RRB- , newcomers really need n't bother at this stage .
This is badly directed stuff : frenetic editing makes the innumerable fight scenes incomprehensible , and gratuitous sadism underpins a sorry exercise .
To this film 's credit , it 's a hell of a lot more fun that any of the Underworld movies .
You have to admire a woman whose mascara never runs , even when she 's pursued by zombies .
Perhaps you need to be a Resident Evil completist to get the finer points of the plotting .
The film is satisfied to end the saga in a tone that perhaps only gratifies hardcore fans . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's relentless , monotonous and just not much fun .
When Milla Jovovich 's Alice in Blunderland adventures finally trundle to an end , the feeling is n't of triumph , but relief .
The outcome is guaranteed to try anyone 's patience .
-LSB- Anderson -RSB- clutters up the screen with constant physics-defying CGI action , shot with jittery cameras and assembled with assaultive Cuisinart editing .
Hey , Resident Evil -- know when to stay dead .
The Final Chapter meets the standard for mindless thrills set by the previous Resident Evil films , ending the series on more of a shrug than a bang .
It 's odd , I guess , to worry about the structural integrity of something as flimsily and haphazardly slapped together as the Resident Evil mythos .
It 's like being eaten to death by infected zombies .
Just go ahead and skip Resident Evil : The Final Chapter .
I sat on the edge of my seat only to accelerate my exit , idly wondering why the baddies were called Umbrella High Command and why they had made their base somewhere called Raccoon City , both of which sound very unthreatening indeed .
This one , Resident Evil : The Final Chapter , ties up all the narrative loose ends , although we were never in Maltese Falcon territory
Franchise fans will be happy - as Alice heads back to Raccoon City by BMW motorbike , there 's more than enough shuddering fight sequences and quivering female decolletage to keep them happy .
If this is , indeed , the last in the record-breaking sci-fi horror series then original writer/director Paul WS Anderson ends his video-game franchise in satisfying high style .
None of it makes much sense but fans will no doubt appreciate the breathless pace and frenetic storytelling of another slapdash sequel .
A film where the resources of the cinema of catastrophes , martial arts and terror accumulate disorderly and confusingly . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Anderson , along with partner and star Milla Jovovich , have given the dwindling fans of the series a limp and lifeless simulacrum of what a Resident Evil movie looks like .
Another deafening , boring episode .
Anderson borrows so many bits and pieces from James Cameron 's Aliens you sometimes wonder if he 's seen a single other film .
Reasonably entertaining but hectic -LRB- supposed -RRB- finale for the up-and-down series .
The repetitive strategies of frenetic editing , action choreography , neglected and weak secondary characters does n't let its protagonist shine , even though Milla Jovovich remains a figure of compelling action . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A good farewell to a saga that never aspired to shape great movies , but to entertainments that had never been better than this . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I really hope it 's the last time I see these characters on the big screen . Resident Evil : The Final Chapter does n't even qualify for a Sunday afternoon . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Resident Evil : Final Chapter goes a little bit beyond to become one of the best deliveries of the saga -LRB- despite its details -RRB- , because it has a little of everything that fans are looking for . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The saga says goodbye with a very entertaining film that , definitely it 's above the previous films . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An entertaining film with a huge display of visual effects to get an apocalyptic look , as many zombies as in The Walking Dead and excessive gore . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's a reason we 're seeing ` Resident Evil : The Final Chapter ' at this time of year and that 's because if it competes in the summer , this film would be disintegrated in a second . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Resident Evil : The Final Chapter is one of those films that are so bad that they seem to be this way on purpose , my only possible recommendation is to avoid it under any circumstances . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film with an ugly in hand camera style , that results in a chaotic climax for the saga that externalizes this game the best . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Jovovich -RSB- indestructibility explains why there is so little dramatic tension .
The movie still manages to keep the ball rolling and despite some of its shortcomings , still manages to deliver some thrills .
Hosseini and Alidoosti find the truth of every scene , and their performances keep The Salesman vital even as you sense the director pulling its strings .
This latest offering of offings is a slight improvement over some feeble recent work .
This title struggles to stand out from the crowd , tedious and uninspiring , suffocated by its very own lack of imagination .
It never succeeds in reaching the lofty heights of those it emulates but remains brutally executed , throwaway fun .
Hopefully , this is the last film in the series because sitting through this made the whole affair feel like a mercy killing .
Anderson is an artist of zombiod head-shots and secret testing facilities , and Jovovich is his muse . But they ca n't all be masterpieces , can they ?
While the franchise has slackened into dependably dumb post-apocalyptic thrills , star Milla Jovovich has only gotten better , seasoning her long-legged athleticism with a commanding stare .
Promises , promises .
Jovovich has found her niche as the Brunhilde of movies , the shield maiden , the strong and vigilant Valkyrie who does n't need a man to save the world until the next apocalypse .
Resident Evil : The Final Chapter proves that there 's nothing left in the tank of this grossly nondescript zombie-shootin ' franchise .
Less thrilling than confusing , with action set pieces cut so aggressively that one ca n't really even tell what 's going on , let alone appreciate Jovovich 's martial-arts moves .
The climax makes for a satisfying conclusion to the franchise-an ending which this writer expects , and even hopes , all concerned will studiously ignore when they get around to making the next one .
At my screening , two guys sitting a few rows down from me smoked what appeared to be marijuana throughout the movie . I 'm not condoning drug use , but they probably had the right idea .
This has to be the `` Final Chapter , '' right ? Right ?! Do n't let it mutate . Do n't let it spread . Do n't let it fester , re-animate , and come back to life , Hollywood ! -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Boasting a higher body count than its IQ , `` Resident Evil : The Final Chapter '' is violent , idiotic fun .
There 's life in the supposed last act , and for those who have stuck with the series since the beginning watching it go out on a relative high is probably enough to warrant the price of a matinee ticket .
The film celebrates the unbridled force of energy for its own sake .
True , the movie 's intense , and Jovovich is certainly in fighting shape . But after 15 years of this franchise , it 's getting hard to tell Alice from the things she 's fighting . It 's all squint and grunt , slash and groan .
Maybe you 're a much better person than this writer if you do n't find this rousing as hell .
Resident Evil : The Final Chapter may not be the ideal final note for the series but as long as Jovovich is up there doing her thing , most people will be too enthralled to notice .
With all the monsters , snarling undead , betrayals , malicious artificial intelligence , armored vehicles , clones , and bombs , it 's amazing that editing would be the deadliest weapon of the effort . Prepare for a headache .
The action is chaotically edited and the supporting characters are dull , but it provides just enough finality to justify itself .
Anderson does n't have the patience or the imagination of a great action director , but he throws a lot out there .
The most frightening thing for me was the realization that I have seen every one of these movies , and that I will no doubt see the next one , too .
The last -LRB- yeah , right -RRB- of Alice 's Adventures in Umbrella Land is just another shade of awful -- plotless , humorless , poorly-acted .
To the extent that knowing exactly what a movie holds in store for you in advance is a virtue , Resident Evil : The Final Chapter is almost saintlike . Still , there are some pleasant enough surprises .
Yes , the movie is called `` Resident Evil : The Final Chapter , '' but do n't let that get your hopes up .
As far as franchise finales go , Resident Evil : The Final Chapter is an ambitious , action-packed , and wholly satisfying conclusion for fans of the series
If taken in the right humor , there is almost something charming about its utter refusal to offer anything fresh or even incidentally clever . However , it 's hard to see because the film is also relentlessly boring .
A feature that dare not take a moment 's pause , nor allow viewers to step back from the close-framed action , nor ponder anything it presents for even a second .
Part of the charm of these pulpy films lies in their lack of pretension , the way they rarely pause for breath .
It 's like the cameraperson shot all -LSB- the action -RSB- scenes one-handed while balancing on a unicycle during an earthquake , then edited it with a NutriBullet .
The Final Chapter has to be the most satisfying film of the bunch . Anderson has tackled the character of Alice with a chain of switchbacking plot points and still manages to fulfill on our ludicrous desires for apocalyptic mayhem .
This is , I think , the weakest picture in the franchise .
For fans of Resident Evil , I believe this final film will not disappoint , but it also will likely encourage newcomers to the saga to go back and play a bit of catch-up by watching the earlier movies .
More of the same to a numbing degree , a ceaselessly dreary , virtually interchangeable installment that does n't even respect its tireless heroine enough to give her the cathartic send-off she deserves .
Loyal fans should find the conclusion of the Resident Evil series satisfactory , but audiences yet to be won over wo n't find anything new to sway them now .
Genuinely enjoyable popcorn entertainment that 's dumber than a sack of monkey trousers but fun nonetheless .
As ridiculous and inconsistent as it may be , there 's a conscious attempt to define the protagonist 's story instead of killing time as has been the case for most of the series . Please , let this series die already . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-

@highlight

Resident Evil : The Final Chapter may prove mind-numbingly chaotic for the unconverted , but for fans of the venerable franchise , it offers a fittingly kinetic conclusion to its violent post-apocalyptic saga .