It 's a gem of an adaptation I hope becomes a classic .
A super adorable movie , totally not at all what I was expecting from a live action , CGI , Paddington movie .
It is quite unlike any other meditation on paranoia and displacement I have seen . It is perfect for kids .
The kids will have fun , and their parents wo n't feel ashamed of liking it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A marvel . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The seamless blending of animation with live action is the most striking point in the film .
This film adaptation of Paddington is heartwarming and sweet , and makes you feel as warm and fuzzy as the original 1950s stories by Bond did for so many children at the time .
Kids who see a lot of American movies made for them may find Paddington somewhat sedate . I found it as warm and fuzzy as its star .
Featuring really nice comedic performances from Bonneville , Hawkins , and Kidman , Paddington is a pleasant surprise .
It takes me back to the joy of reading about Paddington as a child without making it feel nostalgic due to the new approach to the story . It 's far from perfect , but it is an essential to view .
Paul King 's skilful and entertaining movie adaptation of the books is equally at home in multicultural London .
Although the themes could be serious , they 're played out with a delightfully light tone .
While it is light and fun and frivolous , the storyline never loses sight of the theme of finding your home and it is an enchanting take on Michael Bond 's iconic character .
Celebrates the spirit of his creator with a film that 's both witty and enchanting .
It 's a pleasant surprise to see a family film proliferate a powerful message like this .
Paul King 's Paddington is a very British movie , and that 's mostly good , though it briefly succumbs to the sort of lazy humor that derailed the equally Anglo Boxtrolls .
Paddington is perfect .
This is just too cute . The movie Paddington is beyond sweet ; the movie is cuddly .
It 's a nice family-friendly flick that balances some zany visual comedy against an understated British sense of humor .
... could have been made with half the creativity and wit that it was and not lost a dime .
Pleasingly preserves a marmalade-ish Brit-flavour but adds subversive spice . A scrumptious rarity -- a film of critical , optimistic patriotism , championing the outsider and his newfound nation-home while taking the stuffing out of its stodgy imperial past .
The film is filled with inventive and imaginative ways of telling its story ... The animated bear fits perfectly in this idealized portrayal of London .
Nicole Kidman 's slinky , kinky , stiletto-heeled dominatrix is a villain to die for .
Proves that great children 's films do n't need to be childish , you will want to cuddle ` Paddington ' all the way home .
-LSB- The -RSB- ancient , well-worn form is done with such a light touch , enlivened by the absolutely terrific cast .
` Paddington ' could have used more looking after .
Sweet , charming , amusing , and classy . The sort of movie kids will still love when they 're old and cynical .
`` Paddington '' stuffed with charm .
... The word that repeatedly comes to mind is `` charming . ''
The bear and the Brown family get a fair amount of real laughs and also manage to weave a touching story .
This delightful live-action adaptation of the series of children 's books by Michael Bond has a relaxed pace that shows affection for both its title character and his audience .
If your children say they do n't want to see Paddington send them to their room sans supper .
A remarkable work -- so far ahead of any live-action -LRB- well , mostly live-action -RRB- family movies that it would be disgraceful to mention it in the same breath with them .
`` Paddington '' is mostly live action but the little bruin is a mastery of convincing and effective CGI .
Rarely does a film come along that I simply can not wait to see again . `` Paddington '' is one of those films -- so , I 'm off !
`` Fun for the whole family '' is an overused cliche when it comes to movies . But in the case of `` Paddington '' , there is no better description .
Paddington is absolutely , positively delightful .
Everything about this movie is fun and entertaining . It 's the kind of family film that shows everyone a good time , regardless of age .
The film expertly manages to be adorable and completely enjoyable without making Paddington `` edgy '' .
This delightful family film is the `` The LEGO Movie '' of 2015 . It 's clever , funny and beautifully distinctive .
Engaging and enchanting , it 's a charming , compassionate family film .
Paddington is a wonder : warm , gentle , well-acted , funny without being stupid .
The movies can still be worth it , despite considerable evidence to the contrary . If you need proof , look no further than Paddington .
What 's so magical about this setup is the perfectly British attitude : No one is fazed by Paddington 's ability to speak , stand on two legs and discuss the moral consequences of one 's actions .
While it 's not quite as charming as it wants to be -- the climax is needlessly frantic -- it manages in its quieter moments to capture some of the author 's old-fashioned whimsy .
True to the gentle humor and sweetness of the books .
Pulling off a photorealistic talking CGI bear movie is no easy task , but Paddington is warm and winning and earnestly British .
Thanks to its playfully idiosyncratic , yet thoughtful nature , Paddington maintains the innocence and charm of the Paddington character for a new generation .
With quirky British humor , inventive production design , a terrific turn from Hawkins and even an ` in-house ' 5-piece Calypso band , `` Paddington '' makes January film-going a whole lot brighter .
A good-hearted film ... as witty and clever as it is charming ...
Despite its terrible trailers , the movie is a surprising delight .
Paddington ... comes off as a charming character . The kind of character that children around the world have fallen in love with ... But even with all the bear 's charm , a plodding pace and a questionable plotline leave the film version less desirable to watch .
A respectable screen version of Michael Bond 's classic children 's books .
Charming story about beloved bear has some scares .
Filled with wit , adventure , comedy , and lots of heart , ` Paddington ' should make most everyone who sees it feel all warm and fuzzy inside . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
Somehow the new Paddington movie seems modern while at the same time holding firmly to its quaint , lovely ideals .
It manages to be both old-fashioned and high-tech . It remains faithful to the character 's roots while also placing him firmly within a contemporary setting . It 's charmingly funny and shamelessly punny .
Find yourself a small child and go - but be sure to stop for tea and biscuits after .
This is not only a dandy , playful movie about a talking bear , but one that gives pause for thought , too .
` Paddington ' is an absolute delight , visually inventive , thoroughly goofy and goosed by a mix of dry British wit and pratfall shenanigans .
A charming , witty , gentle mix of live action and CGI that will delight children and parents .
`` Paddington '' is as pleasant and comforting as tea and a biscuit , and it takes place in a contemporary fairy-tale version of London , which glows warmly and wraps Paddington in its multicultural arms .
It also contains the most important ingredient from -LSB- Michael -RSB- Bond : a sense of humor , from the slapstick to the droll ... This film will evoke laughter , not tears .
For parents looking for a film that 'll please them and their kids in equal measure , Paddington is -- as Goldilocks would say in that other bear story -- just right .
This is a charming film whose underlying message of tolerance and acceptance strikes a palpable chord in today 's world -- both for children and adults .
Just about perfect , at least as a collection of sketches without any particular direction .
Artfully and cleverly , the sweet spirit of that young bear from darkest Peru and his many London misadventures materializes brilliantly on screen in the very good hands of writer-director-conjurer Paul King .
Despite the kid-gloves sensibility , `` Paddington '' delivers a knockout blend of fluid animation and live action .
-LSB- It -RSB- feels like victory - sweet , but with a bit of bite , much like Paddington 's favorite marmalade .
Utterly beguiling and totally eccentric , Paddington is the first theatrical movie to tell the story of the beloved bear from darkest Peru .
True , a lot of marmalade gets spread around , and at times the zaniness gets a bit too slap-sticky , but it 's all good clean fun .
He 's a bear you care about from the first candy-colored frames of the film , which teems with delightful images in a seamless mélange of live action and computer animation .
A good part of the film 's charm is that , even in the face of this cynicism , Paddington remains unchanged ...
A delight from start to finish .
Because of its adorable protagonist , laugh-out-loud gags and touching premise , `` Paddington '' succeeds in a way most CGI/live-action hybrids do not .
The surprisingly joyful Paddington is a fun and frolicking family movie that celebrates families at the same time it pumps some much-needed fresh air into the increasingly stale and saggy genre of children 's movies .
There are so many terrific things going on in the film -- rapid-fire wordplay , split-second visual gags , and some veddy , veddy British punning -- that , frankly , Paddington deserves more than one viewing .
Kindness wins out in the end , naturally , but a specific and prescient form of kindness rather than the glib , one-size-fits-all brand usually seen in children 's movies .
It 's the right kind of big screen rarity - the good kind .
An irresistible charmbomb . The in-jokes are verbal and visual , managing to reference themes as diverse as immigration and insider trading . It 's all very droll and quietly , memorably dazzling .
Such is the chipper goodwill of both Paddington and `` Paddington '' that you forgive the flaws .
It might even boost the market for marmalade .
`` Paddington '' is a mostly smart update loaded with charm , and it preserves enough of the fuzzy feelings for purists to walk away with a smile .
It 's a relief to say that - as films based on fictional animals go - Paddington is better than merely bearable .
Paddington is engaging and gentle , and while it wo n't win any awards for originality , it manages a few laughs and a surprising amount of warmth .
In the hands of King and a well-chosen cast , the spirit of Bond 's books remains intact .
An incredibly charming family flick that , if it were a toy , would come in a box marked , `` Recommended for ages 3-90 . ''
Droll and delightful ... the best family movie of its kind since ` Babe . '
`` Paddington '' is , ultimately , about how a newcomer can become part of a family , and about how good manners and marmalade can get you out of any tricky situation - delightful messages , at any age .
A series of rough and tumble encounters with life in London guaranteed to charm and delight children from 5 to 55 that raises family fare to a new level of entertainment value .
Paddington 's journey from South America to London is just droll enough for adults - qualifying as a gentle parable about xenophobia - and exuberant enough for the youngest viewers .
A gloriously whimsical big-screen debut that 's closer to the madcap spirit of the Muppets and the lovingly rendered style of a Wes Anderson film than to standard multiplex family fodder .
King keeps the laughs coming without ever losing touch with the characters .
A quality family film likely to stand the test of time , `` Paddington '' is practically impossible to dislike .
Here 's a kids movie mostly stripped of manufactured , go-nowhere plot crises !
It 's a clumsy bear , this movie , but ultimately agreeable and even slightly cute .
Utterly charming , inimitably British
Paddington is a good kind of sweet , a slightly unusual sweet .
If the film seems head-and-shoulders above the average effects-driven family-matinee flick , it 's because it never gives the impression that it 's trying to be anything more -LRB- or less -RRB- than good-natured and fun to watch .
Paddington sets the bear -- uh , bar -- very high for any and all family films that will come out this year , but more importantly , you and your kids will love it .
In the spirit of the best Disney classics , Paddington is one for the ages and all ages .
It 's the kind of film too dignified to play ` Lady Marmalade ' but not dignified enough to not play ` I Got You -LRB- I Feel Good -RRB- . '
One of those amazing films that perfectly blends heart and humor , with a gigantic quantity of whimsy .
The film recalls its stylistic forbears at their best : flowing with whimsy , but never at the expense of the beating heart of its human -LRB- and animal -RRB- characters .
He is described as being around three feet six . Its ideal viewers will be of similar height .
The film is a treasure , presenting a simple story about casual xenophobia as an imaginative , witty family movie about opening one 's heart and making incredibly stupid bear puns .
It 's a relief to report that the final film is actually quite charming , thoughtful and as cuddly as a plush toy , albeit one with a few modern gizmos thrown in .
The film 's director , Paul King , has put together a cast who make a happy marriage of predictability and professionalism . In other words , it 's typecasting done with flair .
Leaves a nice , warm feeling in your soul and smile on your face .
The filmmakers behind this magnificent movie adaptation of Paddington have indeed looked after the bear . For this is one of the finest family films of this , or any other year .
Has well-timed hilarious action sequences and London twinkles with Wes Anderson-style production design .
What struck me most about the film was the quality of animation . I make this statement about so many animated features but the bar keeps being raised higher and higher .
The film is a brightly wrapped Christmas present that has been assembled with love and care , and its message about the importance of welcoming strangers could n't be more timely .
If it spikes the interest of small children to read more of Michael Bond 's books then maybe there 's lasting value in the film .
King is obviously a true fan and he 's made a true and wonderful Paddington movie ... The themes and concerns of Michael Bond 's original series of books and television shows are all there , and the personalities are too .
The slapstick feel is right for its young audience , and adults should enjoy its bouncy spirit and Bonneville 's comic timing . Two claws up .
Wildly entertaining , genuinely funny and exuding a heart as sticky as a marmalade sandwich , this happy film , whose furry star is the much loved character from Michael Bond 's best selling children 's books , is every bit as good as expected .
Through it all runs the touching story of an outsider making a new home for himself , and discovering that in the end , whatever our differences , `` anyone in London can fit in . ''
We 're just pleased to have a family film in the truest sense of the word , one that 's genuinely hilarious , touching and inventive to both kids and their parents
This brings Paddington beautifully to life and keeps it faithful to the spirit of the original while skilfully updating it .
Endearing , hilarious , and for humans of a certain vintage , tearfully nostalgic .
`` Please look after this bear '' , says the tag around Paddington 's neck . Rest assured , they have .
Marmaladen with gloriously silly jokes , pitch-perfect performances and incidental detail , this is a warm , witty and wondrously inventive great big bear-hug of a movie .
It 's difficult not to go into a movie like this with a sense of dread , as the beloved children 's book becomes a live-action movie with a digitally animated , eerily realistic-looking bear .
Michael Bond 's bestselling books have been brought to life in a film that is slight , silly and awfully British but also warm , funny and just a little bit magical .
It 's hard to see how the new Paddington could be bettered as an all-ages caper .
A delightful children 's film that adults , too , will thoroughly enjoy .
Paddington is n't just the film of the year , it might actually be one of the finest family films ever made .
Paddington is enchanting .
This one-for-the-ages family movie based on the books by Michael Bond is a full-blown Christmas triumph .
You wo n't see a better family film this year .
A charming and sweet-natured family film , full of wit and fun , skewed towards young children but cheekily speckled with sly gags pitched at the older audience .
Where family films so often falter , choking on their own contrived sentimentality and/or cool , Paddington is sweet and silly and , at times , edge-of-the-seat stuff .
Paddington is the very definition of fun for all the family , coupling visual spectacle and guileless action set pieces with a strand of wry , occasionally subversive humour .
Adorable . So witty and compassionate and bittersweet and just the right little bit of snarky that you will cry tears of joy from the perfection of it .
Paddington is a marvellous -LRB- and politically brave -RRB- piece of cinema that never puts a paw wrong .
This first-ever movie take on Peru 's furriest export is a cuddly triumph .
King has both paid homage to Paddington 's roots and made him relevant for a modern audience .
Funny , touching and surprisingly topical , this is an utter delight from start to finish .
If Paddington is to turn into a movie franchise , one suspects that marmalde sandwiches under hats and scenes of mayhem in kitchens and bathrooms wo n't be quite enough . Far more attention will need to be paid to the storytelling .
The heart of this sweet-natured ursine klutz beats strong and true .
Affectionately honoring the everyday quirks of Bond 's stories , while subtly updating their middle-class London milieu , King 's film may divide loyal Paddingtophiles with its high-stakes caper plot , but their enraptured kids wo n't care a whit .
Has charm , fun and a glossy sense of adventure to spare .
Paddington runs gamely through a heightened , picture-book London , stumbling on occasion through a mess of caffeinated , slapstick set-pieces , but keeping its head as it spirits us along for the ride .
A total delight , as warm and welcome as a hot pair of socks on a winter morning .
A film that has an accessible , and yet significant message running through it , while never losing sight of the enchantment and frivolity that makes for such an entertaining piece of cinema .

@highlight

Paddington brings a beloved children 's character into the 21st century without sacrificing his essential charm , delivering a family-friendly adventure as irresistibly cuddly as its star .