Robert Altman made a bold statement in his casting of Elliott Gould as a Jewish version of Raymond Chandler 's Philip Marlowe character in this modestly budgeted film .
Raymond Chandler 's sentimental foolishness is the taking-off place for Robert Altman 's heady , whirling sideshow of a movie , set in the early-seventies L.A. of the stoned sensibility .
... one of those movies that always flits through my mind when someone asks me to name my favorite movies of all time . I usually do n't mention it , but it 's always there , on the periphery . It 's at least one of my two or three favorite Altmans .
The Long Goodbye as a whole peels back the surfaces of private-eye stories , paying special attention to their macho bluster and abused women .
A playful de-romanticizing of the detective genre ...
Robert Altman orchestrates a jangly genre autopsy , mischievous and brutal
The Long Goodbye is a gloriously inspired tribute to Hollywood that never loses sight of what Los Angeles has become .
A reminder that meaning , if it is to be found at all , is not always revealed through a linear assessment of hints and clues , but simply stumbled upon .
The look , the unconventional cast and the unconventional story make this a unique film , one of Altman 's best .
Robert Altman 's labyrinthine take on the Raymond Chandler classic is noir unburdened by a straight narrative - it 's a triumph of atmosphere and attitude , a swiftly unfolding whodunit punctuated by subversive absurdities and shattering acts of violence .
Everywhere you look , there 's something delightfully weird going on ... Altman and company fashion a state of slouching , freeform Zen that no one else has ever really duplicated .
When he was very near the top of his early peak , -LSB- Robert -RSB- Altman did the darnedest thing and made a private-eye movie -- or maybe a parody of a private-eye movie ; it 's hard to say . And he may never have topped it .
Simultaneously an act of revisionism as well as a parody of then-revitalizing neo-noir .
The reluctant and satirical mystery is one of the great Los Angeles movies and makes a great compliment to , say , The Big Lebowski .
Droll , cunning and magnificently woozy .
More a film about friendship and betrayal than murder .
-LSB- A -RSB- great classic .
The Long Goodbye attacks film noir with three of his most cherished tools : Whimsy , spontaneity and narrative perversity .
Fairly good hard boiled detective story
It ends up with mixed results -- Marlowe is drawn as a goofy daydreamer -LRB- Altman calls him Rip Van Marlowe -RRB- and his story only gets interesting when Sterling Hayden , channeling Hemingway , goes bananas .
One of the greatest detective films of all time .
-LSB- Altman -RSB- attempts the impossible and pulls it off .
Altman 's generalized misanthropy fits uncomfortably with the overall noir universe .
It may not be exactly like the novel but then this Philip Marlowe is nothing like anything ever seen before .
... may not please Chandler purists , but it is an endlessly fascinating movie in any case ... . If it all seems a bit surrealistic , that 's the way it 's meant to be .
Subversive and engaging , The Long Goodbye ranks among Altman 's best .
Elliott Gould in the lead seems to relish the joke of serving up Marlowe in a radically different way .
The co-stars are a colorful and varied lot .




@highlight

The Long Goodbye is a cool as ice mystery that retains Robert Altman 's idiosyncratic sensibilities .