... as funny , heartbreaking , questioning , trying , exasperating and sincerely inquisitive a portrait of the human condition as you 'll find on screen .
The entire script is a mishmash : funny , droll , and anxiety producing , just like daily life in many Jewish families .
See this movie for a good laugh , and know that no matter what 's going on in your life , A Serious Man proves things can certainly get worse .
It 's methodical , distancing and sarcastic , like all of their movies . And like all of them , it 's exciting cinema , `` eminently watchable , '' as one of its characters would say .
This might be the Coen Brothers ' best film . I suspect they think so too . Even if you sense they ca n't quite grasp what they 've stumbled across here , and surely do n't want to .
For all the droll wit on display , it 's hard to warm to the Coens ' chilly parable . Is Larry 's suffering the work of God or the Devil , or just the random chaos of an indifferent universe ? Arch-ironists to their fingertips , the Coens are n't telling .
I guess gleeful misanthropy was n't enough for the Coen Brothers . Now they want to make it clear that God ... excuse me , Hashem ... is an unforgiving bastard .
Brilliant but bleak comedy for mature Coen brothers fans .
Joel and Ethan Coen love to play God ; they put their characters through hell , torturing them endlessly and treating them with disdain before finally giving them peace -LRB- usually through death , madness or some form of imprisonment -RRB- .
-LSB- A -RSB- film to be intuitively understood on an almost gut level and discussing it at length later to unravel its nuances is part of the pleasure of seeing such a film .
The Coens may play around with that tradition , they may disparage it or mock it . But they are irrevocably a part of it , and that 's all to the good .
A sincerely sympathetic portrait of an American family man in crisis - even as it insults its characters and derides their culture .
If you 're puzzled by the Coen Brothers ' horrific comedies , this is the closest thing you 'll get to an explanation .
It 's serious about the craft of storytelling , both in form and function , with a dedication to characterization , pitch-perfect performances , and a cinematic backdrop that is both severely nostalgic and completely immersive .
It 's definitely a film worth seeing .
In terms of putting a protagonist through the wringer , the directors have n't been quite this cruel since Barton Fink , a film which shares A Serious Man 's penchant for extremely black - actually , make that bleak - humor .
A Serious Man is several barrels full of laughs . But it 's as serious-minded about suffering and misfortune as any film I 've seen .
The Coens the way I like them . This is their second best film after The Man Who Was n't There .
In this Coen brothers comedy , a good-hearted , Midwestern family man finds his life unraveling at work and at home although he 's done nothing to deserve it .
Una farsa genial , con aires de tragedia , que resulta en una brillante alegoría sobre la condición humana . Una más para el podio de lo mejor de los Coen .
Simultaneamente divertido , melancólico e angustiante , Um Homem Sério é um filme de adultos para adultos .
Lebowski , meet Gopnik .
The Coens ' creatively reinterpret the American Jewish experience in a cautionary folk tale with very amusing complications held together by pitch-perfect ensemble and design .
Finally , a deep , dark comedy that quietly tickles the intellectual , moral and situational funny bone without pandering to easy laughs or overdone bathroom humour ...
One of the ten best films of 2009
A Serious Man challenges head on some might big issues , including the meaning of it all
If there is a moral to this story , it is that trying to make sense of life is a foolish endeavor doomed to failure .
The Coen brothers lost all touch with the mainstream on this film . Nothing funny about `` A Serious Man , '' just odd and off-putting . Paul Chambers , CNN .
najvjerojatnije ne % u0107e postati neupitni filmski klasik
Even here , in their mystical-obscure mode , the Coens work cleanly and rigorously .
I hated just about every agonizing , smug minute of it .
A unique alchemy seems to take hold on those sporadic occasions when the Coen brothers decide to get down with their ethnic roots .
... for almost the first time in their careers , -LSB- the Coen bros. -RSB- have twined that jabbing satire with a deeper sense of the tragic .
an at times sublime cinematic exploration of the inscrutable nature of earthly suffering and possibly the best mainstream treatment of that subject since Woody Allen 's Crimes and Misdemeanors
This is the brothers most personal and most Jewish film , which does n't stop it from being their most universal and one of their best .
As great a movie as the brothers have ever made .
It 's a funny film , but mostly to those who convince themselves that there 's truth behind every facet of Larry 's ludicrously-miserable existence .
Yet another masterpiece from the Coen Brothers . Something like an existential Alfred Hitchcock movie crossed with Jewish spirituality , a touch of mysticism and the Coens ' insistence that the rates of mortality and morality are rigidly intertwined .
The human comedy as portrayed in this film was never so cruel - or so funny .
This film is at once laugh-out-loud funny and deeply serious , troubling and satisfying , warm and bleak , both respectful of the Jewish heritage and mocking its restrictions and false comforts .
A Serious Man may be the Coens ' most personal film , but the humour 's too oblique to truly trouble the funnybone .
Admirers of the Coens - including those who have lapsed , like myself - will rejoice in their best film for a long while , and one of their most irreducibly oddball .
A Serious Man simply does n't care whether or not you like it . In part , I think that 's exactly why I do like it : The `` take it or leave it '' attitude is refreshing .
Admirably low-key , deeply compelling and their warmest movie since Fargo .
The film 's potency is rooted in quiet precision and detailed realisation . Roger Deakins 's typically polished photography gives an oppressively hard edge to Midwestern suburbia .
Possibly the brothers ' most consistently amusing film since The Big Lebowski .
A Serious Man represents the brothers at their sardonic best , wringing a sacrilegious amount of gallows humour from the trials of their latterday Job .
Euphoric , sad and thoughtful all at once ... The Coens have finished the noughties as America 's pre-eminent film-makers .
A Serious Man , whether by accident or design , feels like a scratchier , more personal , less goofy version of the Coens ' aesthetic than they 've revealed before . Here 's hoping their films get even more truculent in the future .
For proof of comedy and tragedy 's close relationship , watch this . Larry is essentially having a nervous breakdown yet it 's the Coens ' most humanely funny script in years .
It 's challenging , only if you want it to be . The secret to enjoying it , like life , is not to obsess over the bits that do n't appear to make sense .
A bold , unique , exquisite gem .
The Coen brothers most personal film to date , a typically shkrewy look at Jewishness that smartly nails the ticky-tackiness of American suburbia in 1967 .
A complex , non-commercial Coen film that strips back the stars for an absorbing , affectionate look at the Bros ' youth .
A Serious Man feels - initially , at least - like a return to an earlier kind of filmmaking for the Coens .
There 's no real answer given , but then the Coen brothers have never been known as philosophers . They are , however , pretty smart film-makers .
Rigorously controlled , perhaps at the expense of a little emotional light and shade , this is one of the Coens ' subtlest films . Expect smiles , grimaces , a slightly furrowed brow , and , finally , a feeling of satisfaction .
To me , and I suspect the mass of the cinema-going public , it feels nasty and pointlessly vindictive . There 's a hole in the middle of this movie , where a modicum of empathy and humanity ought to be .
Another impudent and exquisitely engineered comedy from Joel and Ethan Coen .
Comedy , even tragicomedy , should not feel like such hard work .
The film is slow-burning and lugubrious but there is some amusement to be found in the parade of eccentric individuals , running jokes and repetitive dream sequences served up to illustrate the fact that life is one big cosmic joke .
Some will call this a masterpiece ; others will find it dull . It 's a well-made film , but many audiences will find it hard to engage with .
It 's impeccable filmmaking , with the Coens ' expert writing , directing and editing enhanced by Roger Deakins ' vibrant cinematography .
While the plot might not have the epic sweep of No Country For Old Men or be the comedy bloodbath of Fargo , this film is every bit their equal .
A philosophical , engrossing and beautifully crafted movie - up there with the Coens ' finest .
Not vintage Coen brothers ... but they 're still filmmakers to love , even if they sometimes make it increasingly difficult to do so .
On some level , the Coens ' flippancy is self-protective . But there 's fascination and pleasure in their trick of constructing a film like a theorem where nothing adds up .
It 's cinema at its best , leaving your mind in motion long after the final credits have rolled .
A Serious Man takes -LSB- the Coens ' -RSB- caustic brand of chicanery to a whole new level .
The Coens ' visual style is as precise , confident and eloquent as ever . There 's no excess . The hard , ` real ' surface of modern art combined with the slightly twisted truth of a dream .
Perhaps the emperor is actually wearing clothes and I just ca n't see them ... I came out of the movie theatre feeling disgruntled and a little cheated . See it for Stuhlberg and Lennick , and for Roger Deakin 's unfailing cinematic eye .
The result is a wonderfully dry and witty comedy which is pitch-perfect in tone .
The talent of the Coens is such that they make this film eminently watchable , absolutely enjoyable and utterly engaging despite the fact that it 's never entirely clear why we 're seeing it in the first place .
A Serious Man is undeniably attractive , though it 's certainly a story of a certain flavour and one that 's not to all tastes ; how compelling it remains is a question of enthusiasm for their determinedly oddball approach .
It 's also a dark , sometimes profound film that almost certainly sits amongst the best of this year and it 's yet another badge on the decorated jackets of Hollywood 's most accomplished filmmaking duo .
For those who thought No Country For Old Men was too lightweight and resolved itself too neatly , behold the abyss that is A Serious Man .
You 're unlikely to react with much more than a shrug .
A Serious Man might just be -LSB- the Coen 's -RSB- most accomplished , yet least accessible , work to date .
Often subtle , often outrageous and perhaps selfish film -LRB- they did n't make it for us , they made it for themselves but we can share it -RRB- ; those who approach the film with a genuine curiosity will get something out of it
I guarantee Woody Allen will love this film just as I do , for its truthful depiction , great characterisations and bite . The beginning is a surprise , too
It 's unclassifiable -- and also one of the best movies of the year .
Is n't drawn in one-to-one cause-effect lines , its obliqueness lending suspense and interpretative depth to the Job-like suffering of Larry .
... emotionally authentic and genuinely interested in the philosophical questions it raises .
A Serious Man somehow manages to be simultaneously incredibly intimate and autobiographical and yet so unrealistic as to verge on science fiction .
The only thing missing from the film -- which is frequently amusing but too bleak to be consistently laugh-out-loud funny -- is a genuine connection with its audience .
A Great Film To Make You Think About Religion and Cosmic Forces While Making the Nasty Side of Your Mind Chuckle .
Never has a movie packed with so much hostility or existential angst made me smile from start to finish as this one did .
Larry 's spiritual crisis does n't attain its demanded empathy , leaving A Serious Man as a lesser work by great artists .
A profoundly disturbing movie , all the more so because it 's so damned hilarious . I think it 's a great film ; one that is finally worthy of all the hoopla that usually attends the Cohen 's movies .
Far more relatable than the Coens ' recent work , and one can not watch it without pondering some questions about the meaning of trials and the nature of fate .
Filmmaking brothers Joel and Ethan Coen explore their Jewish roots in their most personal film to date . You do n't have to be Jewish to appreciate the subtle ethnic humor , but it would n't hurt .
The brothers ' deadpan style is hugely effective -- so much so that even if you hate the message you enjoy the messengers .
Takes the concept of the self-loathing Jew to an arguably loathsome new level ... Perhaps the most revealing and personal film yet from the Coens ...
Impressively directed , hugely enjoyable black comedy from the Coen Brothers , with a superb script and a terrific central performance from Michael Stuhlbarg .
No fan of the Coen Brothers ' movies would n't miss A Serious Man , but for the uninitiated , this one may be tough sledding .
The Coen brothers may just have made their masterpiece with this , their 14th feature and yet another hairpin-bend change of direction , which has been their trademark for their entire career .
Bleak and tedious , it 's an ambivalent memoir about Biblical adversity , filled with edgy , alienating angst .
Grappling with massive cosmic mysteries on a deceptively mundane stage , it 's a film about the silence of God , seething with profound existential panic ... viewed through the hilariously cracked prism of everyday suburban minutiae .
A Serious Man buckles and cleaves and tugs at the buttons like a badly tailored suit , and really , what better metaphor could there be for the plight of the downtrodden Everyman ?
A sumptuous cinematic feast , and kosher to boot !
All the Coens come up with is a movie about bad things happening to limited people .
Joel and Ethan Coen have the ability to sit their audience down in front of a black screen and make them feel comfortable with two very important factors : 1 -RRB- They will not understand everything that 's going on , and 2 -RRB- they wo n't care .
In the rogues ' gallery of characters the Coen brothers have created , Larry Gopnik may not stand out as the funniest or most dynamic -- but in some ways , he 's one of their finest .
A perfectly wrought , exquisitely calibrated and miniature-scaled portrait of a specific time and place and the changes they wrought , made by filmmakers who have their art down to a science .
Every character is ugly and repulsive except the shiksa next door . What does this say about the Coen Brothers ?
The agony and dread that permeate this film never waver .
While the characters and situations are typically exaggerated and grotesque , they 're also somehow more human than anything the Coens have created in quite some time .
Their most inside joke ever , it leaves you with a lot to chew on , if not a lot to enjoy .
-LSB- I -RSB- ronic but sincere . We could even call it postsnark ... -LSB- T -RSB- his could be , attitudinally , the first movie of the second decade of the 21st century ...
As in Barton Fink , all these roles are stylized , artificial ; like dream images , they represent fears and desires more than people .
A Serious Man may be intellectually provocative , but the signature Coens brother tics are all but suffocating this time ` round .
One might put up with the insufferable sense of superiority of the Coen brothers if this movie had some laughs .
Mostly , A Serious Man succeeds because it engages questions worth asking . What is integrity ? Does our atavistic need for stories illuminate the meaning of life or further obfuscate it ? What does it mean to be good and how are we to achieve it ?
Life is pain . Life is funny . Things happen randomly , with no purpose or reason that can be discerned . Searching for answers is futile . Enjoy what you can .
This parable of the welcome-unwelcome guest is less a key to the ensuing domestic drama than a teasing reminder of the traditional roots of the brothers ' singular skill with humor and violence .
The Coen brothers have made one of their best and most personal movies . It is rich with ideas and contemplations and packed with the sort of existential jokes that tickle the Coen boys so .
Resolutely paced , impeccably staged and lensed , it 's comedy for people who can laugh at poetic car wrecks , obtuse rabbis , mysterious dental messages and an endlessly drained cyst .
Embrace the mystery , the Coens tell us . At the same time , they ca n't resist pulling the rug out from under our feet .
The Coens rarely seem completely serious , but there is such art and erudition to their work -LRB- and always the visual presentation -RRB- that their movies acquire the weight of substance .
A classic black comic strangling by the Coens , who leave no domestic discomfort behind . In fact , all this film contains is unease , making it a perfect itchy sweater film for those who enjoy their cinema on the suffocating side .
Is A Serious Man funny ? Absolutely - but in much the same way as the old joke about a fellow who loved to hit his own head because it felt so good when he stopped .
Sort of a modern day setting for the Book of Job , although the acting is exceptional this is probably too esoteric to appeal to a wide audience .
A masterpiece ; maybe even their best since Fargo . It is certainly the most deeply felt .
It 's a movie that rewards repeat viewings : Go in with an open mind the first time and a more focused mind the second and reap the rewards .
A Serious Man is n't the story of Joel and Ethan Coen 's lives . But you might not know it . While the brothers continue to turn their films into Hollywood gold , this 1967-set black comedy is among the more personal projects in their repertoire .
There is a lot I want to say but at the same time I find myself thinking this is a movie that must be experienced with as little pre-knowledge about its intricacies as possible .
In one of the best directed films of 2009 , the Coen Brothers use techniques that actually fit the frustrating mood of the film as opposed to using them just for a cool shot .
It 's the best film of their careers .
Humor and empathy alike have trouble flourishing in the grim narrative soil the Coens provide , in which every cosmic joke is a black one .
It 's fair to ask - even beyond the gargoyles and caricatures who pass for Jewish people in the film - what the point of it all was .
The Coen brothers have done it again . They 've made one of the best films of their already spectacular careers .
A Serious Man is no more special than a Jennifer Aniston movie .
The brothers Coen deliver a taut , vastly entertaining dissertation on the imbalance of life .
It 's a story that begins in an ancient riddle and ends , perfectly , in the rumble of an oncoming storm .
It 's hard to love a movie that makes you feel anxious and miserable , and yet it 's impossible not to respect a movie that has that power .
It 's all about the uncertainty of life , yet the film itself is very certain , carefully crafted , impeccably written and acted .
Joel and Ethan Coen show how good they are at collecting their esoteric ideas and putting them on display in a meaningful way .
A Serious Man is exquisitely , perhaps even flawlessly , realized . If one were to say that the Coens have stopped evolving as filmmakers , it is only because one can not improve upon perfection .
A brilliant and bracingly original work that is funny and thought provoking in equal measure
Parental Content Review
A faint promising shadow of the potential masterwork it should have been .
... as funny , heartbreaking , questioning , trying , exasperating and sincerely inquisitive a portrait of the human condition as you 'll find on screen .
Once again , meticulous and imaginative production design and a level of opacity far beyond most mainstream releases is often confused with profundity .
It has all the earmarks of a personal statement , one of those movies that their biographer will use to connect the dots after they 're gone .
While there are plenty of oddball touches , some mystifying -LRB- like the Yiddish-language prologue , set in a Polish shtetl and seeming to have little to do with what follows it ; and the abrupt ending -RRB- -- we see in it some genuine fondness for the characters .
Can art come from jadedness ? Will the brothers ever `` mean it '' ? A Serious Man forces the issue in ways that will either floor you or drive you batty .
A Serious Man has a script , a clarity and a tone that come from craftsmen and wits -LRB- dour ones , but wits all the same -RRB- at the peak of their game .
This is n't a laugh-laugh movie , but a wince-wince movie . Those can be funny , too .
Joel and Ethan Coen have never been known for their cheeriness , yet the bleakness of A Serious Man still comes as a shock .
Hashem might have the last laugh on us all , but until that happens , the Coen Brothers are in on the joke .
Piercingly funny , wrenchingly sad and always brilliant ... a small but genuine masterwork from a team that 's already given us plenty of them .
... disasters are tightly and relentlessly weaved together by the Coens and the result is a very funny , satiric look into that particular Jewish community -LSB- spawned -RSB- from the brothers ' creative minds .
Dark , dry and masterfully restrained , A Serious Man is plotted with the peculiarities of life and built around a man whose demeanor is like a politely throbbing vein .
A wonderful parable of 1960s Jewish life in Minnesota filled equally with humor and pathos .
It 's really bold to set a movie in the world of Jewish tradition . The people who understand this world will love it , and The Coens can do whatever they want for as few people as they want .
Since everyone is turned into such a caricature , the answers feel optional . It 's hard to forget that Larry 's fate is being controlled not by God or luck or even his own worst instincts , but by the Coens .
A seriously funny film about an angst-ridden Jewish professor seeking the answers to life 's questions and getting a metaphysical pie in the face .
-LSB- The Coens have made -RSB- their most personal , most intensely Jewish film , a pitch-perfect comedy of despair that , against some odds , turns out to be one of their most universal as well .
It all feels mean and hard and then , in the final moment , mean and hard and transcendent and right .
A thought-provoking spiritual original by the Coen Brothers that salutes the mystery of God , the futility of seeking answers , and the need to live as best we can in a sea of roiling troubles and uncertainties .
Funny but , yes , also thought-provoking and moving , ` A Serious Man ' may be among the Coens ' finest works and stands as one of the funniest , freshest and smartest movies of 2009 .
A stylized , slow-speed farce , the movie is frequently absurd and occasionally silly , but it also touches on profound moral and spiritual quandaries , the kinds of things the Coens would never be caught dead addressing directly .
The Coens nip at fundamental questions : how we conduct ourselves now , and how such conduct might resonate in an unknowable afterlife . Consider this film as a Rorschach for the soul .
A Serious Man is a wonderfully odd , bleakly comic and thoroughly engrossing film .
A movie that shows us a guy whose life is falling apart and makes us experience how that might feel .
What do the Coen brothers want of us ? More specifically , what do they want us to think of the repellent people in this pitilessly bleak movie ?
A Serious Man is the kind of picture you get to make after you 've won an Oscar .
To absorb God 's body blows , this disquieting , haunting movie says , is to be fully alive . To do otherwise could kill you .
As with Levy 's rye bread , you do n't have to be Jewish to enjoy -LSB- it -RSB- .
A Serious Man may not have the starry casts of the Coens ' more recent films , but it has plenty of heart and soul . It 's a movie mitzvah .
This seriously funny movie , artfully photographed by the great Roger Deakins , is spiritual in nature , barbed in tone , and , oh , yeah , it stings like hell .
It 's a film filled with amazing sequences and very much worth seeing and pondering at length .
A Serious Man is , like its biblical source , a distilled , hyperbolic account of the human condition . The punch line is a little different , but you know the joke . And it 's on you , of course .
Joel and Ethan Coen have such a splendid touch when it comes to filmmaking .
You never thought you 'd be so entertained by the sad mysteries of human suffering , but you 're about to discover otherwise .
What -LSB- the Coens have -RSB- made seems more like some sort of long-deferred , highly disciplined tantrum .
That song -LRB- Jefferson Airplane 's Somebody to Love -RRB- , which becomes a sort of mantra to the movie , is the key to understanding what the Coens are after : When the truth is found to be lies , and all the joy within you dies , you better find somebody to love .
This is the world the Coens delve into with each and every film , and yes , it 's a total nightmare . They may do it with style and a smirk , but we should always consider the larger questions they 're asking .
A film that 's as difficult as it is brilliant .
An affecting parable that slyly , subtly carries enormous power in its recognizable portrait of an ordinary man struggling to reconcile his faith with his everyday reality .
A Serious Man is n't an easy film to enjoy , but that 's kind of the point .
Man plans , God laughs , and so do the Coen brothers .
An exquisitely realized work ; the filmmakers ' technical mastery of their craft , always impressive , has become absolute .
So which is it : a simply pointless existence ? Or a world so complicated , we ca n't grasp the point ? If you think the Coens are going to try and answer that question , you have n't seen many of their movies .
A Serious Man is wholly a Coen brothers movie , in that it 's full of exaggerated characters and comic cruelty , anchored to a way of looking at the world that seems to posit a fundamental absence of meaning .
The Coens are going for the whole enchilada here - man 's search for meaning , the existence of God , pattern and randomness in the Universe , and the essential solitude of the human condition .
By looking back , they have also expanded upon some of the themes they 've played with in their most personal work before : this time , in a more mature , more evolved way .
The Coens are at their oddest , most inscrutable , and perhaps most elegant with A Serious Man .
Likely to polarize its audience like any open-to-interpretation biblical tale , A Serious Man can be looked at as a film about the meaninglessness of life or as a meaningless film . Either way , there 's no denying that only the Coens can make this bla
Watching and wondering how and when he 'll snap provides dark humor , yes -- we 're glad we 're not this poor guy -- but also a mounting sense of unease , and it should provoke lengthy and serious debate about the nature of faith .
A Serious Man is n't perfect -- I 'm still grappling with the powerfully offbeat ending -- but it 's cathartic to see the Coens finally show you a bit of who they are , or at least where they came from .
A Serious Man rejects the bland Jewishness of Judd Apatow films ; it 's similar to the black filmmakers ' project in Next Day Air , in which social stereotypes get burlesqued , yet are used to reveal an essentially moral exercise .
Represents another change in course for the brothers , and it will reside in the upper echelon of their titles , although a little below the top .
Not one of their best films , but because of its sincerity and the parsing away of sentiment and pretension , it is , in many ways , one of their most likable .
The production notes are larded with the Coen Brothers ' disclaiming protestations of affection for their hapless characters , but make no mistake : We 're being invited to share in their disgust .
Are the Coens jokers who tread on despair , or tragedians with a penchant for death 's - head humor ?
If Philip Roth and Franz Kafka sat down to write an adaptation of the Book of Job , the result might be something like A Serious Man .
It 's not so much that `` A Serious Man '' is n't accessible -- it is that . But the film never sets down parameters .
Those wacky Coen Brothers revisit their childhoods to craft their most personal -- and one of their very best -- films to date .
A Serious Man is the Coens at their best : wonderfully odd , darkly comic and just plain weird ,
As a piece of moviemaking craft , A Serious Man is fascinating ; in every other way , it 's intolerable .
A Serious Man is not only hauntingly original , it 's the final piece of the puzzle that is the Coens .
A Serious Man sheds light on a series of uniquely Jewish challenges , from agunot and uniformly bad noses , to anti-Semitism and the eternal struggle to define `` What Hashem wants from us ? ''
The bemusements of family turmoil , ambition in academia , three rabbis and one lawyer , and the universality of self-absorption demonstrate that the Coen 's love of satire is intact , but with a guy to whom you 're too unattached for a warm hug .
Though less commercial and star-driven than former films , Serious Man may be Joel and Ethan Coen 's most personal , initimate and deepest work , a sharply observed serio-comic Jewish fable with strong humanistic notes that should be remembered at Oscar time
... a typically inscrutable effort from the Coens ...
That leaves us in limbo -- laughing yes , but also wondering what to make of a film so simultaneously engaging and disengaging .
Laugh out loud funny .
Extremely clever , another piece of truly original fiction storytelling from the Coens , showing their brilliance at delivering subtle realism while keeping audiences entertained .






@highlight

Blending dark humor with profoundly personal themes , the Coen brothers deliver what might be their most mature -- if not their best -- film to date .