Eden forces a few things , but it 's punctuated with enough moments of genuine exuberance and humour to offset its flaws .
A a tour de force that 's bound to give the French writer/director -LRB- Mia Hansen-Løve -RRB- the U.S. recognition she 's long deserved .
Although Eden 's music is infectious and accurate for the era and scene , the film itself is less enjoyable . If Paul were not so drab and unengaging , it could have been the French club scene 's Inside Llewyn Davis .
Eden may especially resonate with those who 've struggled and put their all into their art , only to see their colleagues succeed and pull up the ladder behind them . Plus , it has a good beat and you can dance to it .
Eden , despite its celebrity cameos , never loses sight of French Touch 's handmade garage origins .
An impressive and suprisingly melancholy look at repetition in life , soundtracked by the recursive music of the French Touch scene .
Only in retrospect could I understand Eden 's careful delineation of temporal , emotional , and geographic properties : .
-LSB- Eden -RSB- does , however , offer an intriguing insider 's view of an important musical subculture , an insider 's view that , crucially , remains rooted in the all-too-relatable reality from which the music itself is designed to offer temporary escape .
The drama occurs only fleetingly and Greta Gerwig 's cameo as one of Paul 's flames is stilted .
Where the early scenes of Eden feel on the nose , the back half is filled with precisely the sorts of glancing-yet-wounding blows that are Hansen-Love 's specialty .
Paul describes a song he likes as existing `` between euphoria and melancholia , '' which is the balance the movie he 's in strikes as well , as interested in joy as it is in loss . Which may be the best thing these stories of not making it bring to the table .
Like going to a club sober .
A tribute and acknowledgement of the intelligence behind the DJ 's craft . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A complex and elegant film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Eden perfectly captures the spirit of the 1990s and boasts a great soundtrack . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A swan song to the life of a teenager living free of consequence . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Eden 's best quality is it 's bittersweetness : a story about postponing adulthood and an honest portrait of fun , confusing and good times as a teen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hansen-Love focuses on creating an atmosphere , with rhythm and rich charachters to tell her story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If not for Daft Punk , this would be another generic movie about a musician that grasps glory only to loose it all at the end . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The cruel chronic of an aspiring DJ that never quite gets there . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A fair portrait of the French music scene of the '90s that captures the escence of the music that began to feed from recicled nostalgia . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even with the nostalgia factor behing it , the movies falls short of what it could 've been . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A failed attempt by director Hansen-Love to create a portrait of a young DJ . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An honest portrait of the hardships that come from chasing one 's dream . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Eden is proof that you need more than a good beat and stylized visuals to be memorable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a beautiful , evocative essay on youth and experience , like Flaubert 's Sentimental Education remixed at 130 bpm .
Loose and impressionistic , this beautifully shot film traces the career of a DJ who pioneered garage music in France . It 's not an easy film to engage with , since the characters and situations remain stubbornly undefined by the atmospheric filmmaking .
A soundtrack of 40 chosen tunes and sideline looks at Daft Punk 's genesis makes Hansen-Lve 's assured fourth feature a heady trip for all ex-ravers .
Rambling , talky and luxuriantly wistful , the film gives a perceptive survey of the self-importance and decadence of a youth movement .
A remarkable film which drums to its own beat .
Partly the story of a music scene , but mostly the story of a man who realises that living the dream is n't always the best thing for your life . Vivid , immersive and blessed with a perfectly nostalgic soundtrack .
Eden , in its loose and free-form way , is as personal a statement as this 34-year-old director has yet made : it 's telling that Paul is that age by the end of it .
Absorbing and very moving .
Eden winds and meanders through its 21-year course , with supporting characters disappearing and reappearing . But that 's part of what makes it effective : watching time flow by as one man mostly stays in one place .
In Europe they do things differently .
Sven Hansen-Løve , who co-wrote the script , has a unique story to tell .
While Hansen-Love hits the major chords in Paul 's life effectively and creates a sense of time expanding before collapsing into memory , the truth is `` Eden '' is often tiring to sit through .
Eden is the kind of movie that hits you when you least expect it . Just when I thought it was a mess , its aimlessness began to make complete sense .
Perhaps what Hansen-Løve lacks is perspective . The movie runs a very long two hours and 11 minutes , and the excess is easily felt .
Eden gives us the serious , comprehensive Bildungsroman approach to an artist and an art that are fundamentally shallow . Its novelistic episodes build to nothing apart from a sense of loss , of youth squandered .
`` Eden '' is the kind of film that captures the beats that move us forward .
Mia Hansen-Love 's Eden is set at the throbbing heart of the Parisian techno music scene . But be brave . It resonates with much bigger themes than the need to meet a disco doorman 's dress and deportment standards .
In the realm of disco lights and thumping bass lines , mounting debt , hungover mornings and interchangeable sleeping partners , there 's a real love story here about a man and his passion for his loops and beats .
Eden finds paradise where it counts : right between the ears .
Though we never really feel the intensity of Paul 's passion for the music , his existential crisis as his exes move on with their lives resonates more poignantly .
Life is what happens beyond the turntables , and it 's perversely fascinating to spend two decades with a character who learns almost nothing .
It is n't a cautionary tale . Hansen-Love renders Paul 's hip drift as a reasonable choice , all things considered - a way one man chose to be , with both good and bad consequences .
Hansen-Love has entered the solipsistic time-space continuum of an artistic sensibility and let us in for the ride of a lifetime .
`` Eden '' serves as a time capsule , giving us some sense of what it feels like to be in the midst of a musical high .
This film easily could have been 30 minutes shorter .
If ` Half-assing your career will get you nowhere ' counts as a big lesson for young artists , the music industry is in even bigger trouble than we thought .
Hansen-Løve watches it all dispassionately and not without judgment , from 1992 until almost the present , but at the same time gives Paul his due .
Eden 's formless and lackadaisical narrative perfectly captures the feel of the '90s French House era , both its rise and inevitable fall from grace .
Visually and aurally , it 's superb , with many moments of keen observation and fragrant subtleties of camera movement and editing .
This is a movie that feels like it 's never going to end while you watch it , but once it 's over you wish you could rewind it and start all over again .
I think the triumph of the film itself is its centrifugal force , its dispersed palette , its constant movement away from a center - the reverse direction of those records on Paul 's Technics turntable .
An old film critic like me , who loathes the music of the 90s , is the wrong audience for `` Eden ''
Eden offers a wise assessment of the interplay between fantasy and reality on the path to adulthood . The seductive rhythms are a perfect match for a movie that analyzes the unstoppable flow of life .
At one point , Paul describes his music as `` somewhere between euphoria and melancholy , '' which is also an apt description of Eden itself .
If the result feels anesthetized , that could be seen as a tribute to the music , which remains ecstatically dull ; when you are lost in it , the movie implies , the rest of life -- and even time itself -- can pass you by .
an ambitious effort , the chronicling of an era through a musical niche , but its scope and structure plunge story and character elements deep in the mix .
`` Eden '' is long , but Hansen-Love 's style is so observant and specific that it is always a compelling watch and ends up being sneakily profound . It also features one of the best soundtracks in recent memory , a history lesson of club music .
Perceptive and compassionate , `` Eden '' recognizes how the thrill of artistic freedom can curdle in the heat of the marketplace and the demands of daily life . Yet the movie 's refusal to foster regret , or have Paul repudiate his passion , is telling .
Eden is an inconsistent look at an artist 's musical journey , although one that eventually finds its rhythm and thematic focus .
For all its deft camerawork and appealingly dreamy structure , it does n't have much at stake .
Hansen-Love is an assured and naturally empathetic director who specializes in making us care more about her characters than seems likely at the outset .
Even if you do n't care for , or know much about , Nineties house music , the Hansen-Løves ' collaboration evokes a sense of musical euphoria that I defy you to remain unmoved by .
The years in this movie do n't really amount to much . It 's stuck between disco shallowness and grown-up wisdom -- like a turntable , it 's spinning endlessly .
Even if you are n't an E.D.M. fan , there is much bliss to be found in Eden .
A subtle portrait of an EDM Adam , Eden is neither a star-is-born fable nor a soul-is-lost parable .
Mia Hansen-Løve 's EDM movie memoir is the art-house party of the year .
Great club days and great club music make up Mia Hansen-Løve 's loving , poignant , fabulously entertaining tribute to the most committed of party people .
Hansen-Love renders these two decades of French house as an ambitious , realistic look at a specific era in the evolution of both her main character and a musical genre .
Even when characters are getting lost in pulsating tunes that drone on into infinity , the filmmaking is always bringing them down to earth .
Hansen-Løve lets whole years pass without emphatic markers , but the beats function as a tonal bridge , connecting the pieces of a narrative that would be rudderless without them .
Eden 's cadence is a mystical one , penetrating one 's attention and -LRB- eventually -RRB- soul , as it builds its momentum evenly and gradually .
... both lovely , and looooooong .
Even if you know nothing about techno , let alone garage , Hansen-Løve 's exploration of the ways music can nourish you or swallow you whole is instantly , perhaps painfully , recognizable .
Loses momentum but fans of electronic music wo n't mind at all .
Although Eden is not a comprehensive account of the emergence of the `` French touch '' sound , the film incorporates historical details and ephemera that evoke the texture of real life , such as the zine that gives the film its title .
Hansen-Love , who co-wrote the script along with her former-DJ brother Sven , zeroes in on the signature experiences of '90s club life with expert precision .
The camerawork is so fluid and the settings so brimming with detail that one feels washed away by the film , recognizing the hero 's decline only when he does-that is , too late .
Eden is celebratory , cautionary and entirely intoxicating .
It 's a kind of vampire movie , with our protagonist trapped in the crepuscular purgatory of his early 20s .
Eden is as much about the pains of maturation as it is about the very specific time period and scene in which it occurs .
Every substrata of music geekdom deserves a period piece as intimate as Eden , Mia Hansen-Løve 's swan song for the golden era of French house music .
An ambitious look at a very specific time that works better than other similar attempts .
Eden is indeed as low-key as anything Hansen-Løve has done , though it conveys a sense of risk that feels new for her -- both in the scope of the story and in specific choices she makes .
Though the film defines Paul 's life by his relationships , Eden fails to muster the kind of emotional intensity its story dictates .
Despite its pessimism , the film nonetheless does get lost in the moment whenever house pounds out of abysmally low-ended sound systems .
If you have enough patience , especially if you find yourself tapping your feet to the beats , you 'll discover an emotional journey of a young man 's entrance into adulthood .
An intimate epic to sink into ; it uses the unchanging age of its actors , whose characters stubbornly resist changing for two decades , as a melancholy commentary on the maturation process .
A viewer is always aware that they are being shown a place and an era , which helps explain how Eden manages the tricky business of being a movie that is overtly about lost time , but which unfolds chronologically , without as much as a flashback .
Hansen-Løve has made a film very much like a DJ does a remix . There 's a formal structure , an A-side and a B-side , and she peppers artists that you might know throughout ... the mood and the music is marvelous .
Eden tackles one of fiction 's oldest themes - the awkward transition from youthful idealism to wised-up , resigned adulthood - and finds rich new terrain to explore .
Glamour is twinned with mundanity , beauty with boorishness and friendship with selfishness , while artistic endeavour is undercut by self-indulgence .
There is something lurking beneath the beat .

@highlight

Eden uses 1990s club culture as the appropriately intoxicating backdrop for a sensitive , low-key look at aging and the price of pursuing one 's dreams .