Witty lines , sumptuous settings , manicured lawns and horses with carriages provide the setting for this frivolous romp that caresses history as it plays with the misadventures of French playwright Molière % u2026 With just the right balance of playfulness
A sophisticated and literate biographical speculation is the basis of this witty and entertaining portrait of the titular artist .
Deluxe tribute to the playwright gets by , surprisingly , as much by romantic poignancy as farce ... it 's hard to dislike a picture so in Love with its subject .
A breezy historical romance with a strong knack for comedy .
A sumptuous pleasure to behold , with its elegantly designed motifs , infectious energy conveying the emotional sensibility of the time , and splendid comic mischief satirizing the hypocrisy of both the bourgeoisie and aristocracy .
Un cuadro social de época vivaz y divertido , con estupendo elenco y una cuota de romance y emotividad .
For theater people and French literature buffs ... a delightful game of spot-the-reference ...
As the film picks up momentum , however , it becomes the story of an aimless young man who discovers his own brilliant wit and learns how to use it . As he gets closer to the scathing , fearless Moliere we know and love , so does the movie .
An amusing and clever film , often laugh-out-loud funny and filled with sparkling characters .
`` Moliere '' actually tells a funny , involving story that really does seem inspired by its subject , rather than just lazily cribbing from his work .
The film illuminates little about Molière himself , but what do you expect from a movie that has the depth of a kiddie pool ?
There 's not a single moment that you have n't already seen in a different , better period film .
It 's like a breeze so slight it does n't leave a tickle .
Connoisseurs of Sun King-era costumes and decor are the most likely fans of this impeccably produced but unimaginative pseudo-biopic ...
The cast is very good . The chemistry between Duris and Morante smolders , while Luchini makes a convincing , bungling aristocrat .
Certainly attractive to look at , but what goes on in front of the manicured lawns and sumptuous seventeenth-century interiors is considerably less amusing than it might be .
The unraveling of this same world , 100 years later , was portrayed in Sofia Coppola 's Marie Antoinette , next to whose gilded atmosphere the merely glossy Molière looks like a work of naturalism .
Director and cowriter Laurent Tirard are clearly under the sway of Shakespeare in Love , but the talented Duris is miscast as the wily Moliere , and Moliere has none of Shakespeare 's giddy charm .
I can only wonder what theatre gods Molière angered during his lifetime to deserve such ragtag biographical treatment , but let 's hope Molière settles the debt .
It turns out that a deep appreciation of the human condition can be accomplished through comedy as much as through drama . At least that 's what Moliere learns
An extravagant and thoroughly irresistible story of intrigue , romance , comedy and artistic inspiration .
Lost in the exercise is any insight into Molière 's writing or any relevance to today , making his achievements seem more frivolous -- and considerably less amusing -- than they actually were .
Like the playwright 's comedies , at its best Moliere shows the depths beneath the archetypes .
The movie leaves initially cynical Molière believing in true love after all , the rock star undone by Hallmark .
If you 've enjoyed Moliere 's work , you 'll enjoy the film .
Woefully miscast as the seminal 17th-century French farceur Molière , the intense , black-maned young French movie star Romain Duris never seems more comfortable than the brief moments when he 's rotting in a dank jail .
Moliere is an amusing mix of fact and fiction about the life of the brilliant 17th-century French playwright .
In making a comedy about a writer famed for his perfectly tuned wit , the filmmakers have inspired other expectations . The result is as off-putting as biting into a confection in which the sugar has been replaced by salt .
Moliere hardly matches the clever mockery of its 17th century inspiration .
Through homage to Moliere 's works and by the film 's own example , -LSB- director -RSB- Tirard reminds us that comedy can provoke both laughter and thought .
As a piece of speculative biography , the movie is unpersuasive .
It nevertheless contains enough wit and charm to keep things humming along even when the plot threatens to bog down into a Gallic version of a typical episode of `` Love American Style . ''
The two lead actors are a sight to behold : Romain Duris -LRB- Moliere -RRB- , with his long chin , crooked mouth , asymmetrical moustache , and bewildered eyes , plays off the thin lips and boneless cheeks of Fabrice Luchini 's Jourdain .
Although you may fidget 90 minutes in , a strong finale saves the day , and as some other playwright said , all 's well that ends well .
Director and co-writer Laurent Tirard 's pleasant but tame approach to his birth-of-a-major-world-dramatist portrait has its virtues .
Underplays its biggest opportunities for laughs , like the film is standing at the plate but unwilling to swing the bat .
A blithe but satisfying French confection .
Tirard presents Molière like a 17th century Woody Allen - a playwright who yearns to write drama when his forte is farce .
A delightful romp with an intriguing story that could have been cut by 30 minutes and not missed a beat .
Laurent Tirard gives us a delightful and witty costume piece about what might have happened in those never-accounted-for months .
Molière is a restful diversion , perhaps too restful , but still acceptable . And the actors go a long way toward bringing it off .
A conventional biopic would probably elide most of this period , which was before the pioneering satirist scandalized the establishment with plays like Tartuffe , but the disarming farce Molire , to its great credit , is n't really a biopic .
A sweet and silly comedy reminiscent of Shakespeare in Love , it 's lushly filmed and gorgeously set and costumed .
What 's missing , alas , is a greater sense of surprise that might keep the film from feeling somewhat rote .
A well-played but ultimately superfluous assortment of your favorite Moliere scenes strung together by a thread-thin plot that emulates , but in no way replaces , the still-sparkling originals .
One of the year 's best films to date .
A period piece enlivened with slapstick and mischievous wit .
This movie about the crucible of imagination has none of its own .
Jean-Baptiste Poquelin , better known as Molière , wrote more than 30 plays , every one of them a hundred times more witty and insightful than the movie Molière .
The actors elevate what might have been fluff into a genuinely moving tale , and the action is so much fun that it does n't even matter if you 've seen Molière 's plays before .
It may not be a brilliant act of speculative history , but it 's a clever and respectable one .
Duris , so good in The Beat that My Heart Skipped , is simply marvelous here . His Molière is a complex creature of intelligence , insecurity , sincerity , obstinacy and burgeoning brilliance .
Laura Morante proves once again that she is one of the most intelligent and attractive actresses in the world .
Festooned with oodles of museum-worthy 17th century sets and costumes , Moliere is the sort of slightly naughty but literate frolic that congratulates the audience for its good taste ; in other words , it 's a bit of a snooze .
Molière is as much about the making of a patroness as it is about the gestation of artistic form , for it 's she who eggs on the callow playwright to reinvent comedy as serious business with a powerful moral core .
An especially endearing attempt at the budding subgenre .
A funny , witty , bright , and well-acted costume drama about a fictional turning point in the life of the famous French playwright Moliere .
This is the sort of period movie -- that would leave a modern audience with faces of stone . Yet the film , directed by Laurent Tirard , has something . To be exact , it has Fabrice Luchini and Laura Morante ...
A very satisfying film .
The Shakespeare in Love song remains the same , only the lyrics have changed .
Filmgoers , especially those familiar with Molière 's work , will have a great time .
It is all jolly , harmless and amusing - at least until we get back to the `` real '' France and the ornate wallpaper starts shimmering again .
While this film is rather talky and a long , it 's also a wonderfully complex blend of wit and cheekiness , underscored by a surprisingly serious romance and a steely view of the battle of the sexes .
A bit curate 's eggy , sometimes funny and always goodlooking , but neither a particularly good tribute to a great playwright nor a comedy with much weight behind it .
It 's impossible to avoid comparison with Shakespeare in Love , which similarly made out that many of the great man 's plays were really disguised autobiography ; but the earlier film had a lightness of touch and variety of tone missing from this one .
Moliere is an exceptionally likeable period comedy , powered by impeccable performances from Luchini and the wonderful Laura Morante .
Just as you should never judge a book by its cover , never judge a film by its press release . Moliere was the most touching , funny film on show this week .
It 's a wonderfully witty film - très bien , in fact .
Both a glittering showcase for a literary giant 's comic genius and a first-class farce in its own right . By turns funny , mysterious , suffering and sexy , Romain Duris again proves he 's the most charismatic French actor working today .
When the French do period drama well , they tend to do it very , very well .
This is no biopic , but pure fantasy , a sort of `` Molière in Love '' infused with the bittersweet romantic spirit of the playwright 's work .
Using a gap in the French playright 's bio as a starting point , Tirad 's film is a mediocre stab at a Shakespeare in Love-style serio comedy that concocts an imaginary scenario about the ambitious-but-starving young artist -- Tim Grierson
Romain Duris may be a superb actor , but a light comedian he ai n't . You need a very sweet tooth for this kind of thing .
The film feels distinctly skinny , as if half the cast have n't arrived . The symmetry of the story is almost too perfect . Several leaps of faith are wildly silly .
A witty , lively period drama that expertly blends comedy and tragedy to create a worthy French counterpart to Shakespeare In Love .
Light of touch but overlong , this is saved by a sparkling performance from Romain Duris .
Enjoyable , frequently amusing and surprisingly romantic French romp with a witty script , superb performances and a subtle message about the value of comedy .
All in all , it 's a breezy , jestful and enjoyable divertissement , in which Duris is given free rein to showcase his considerable versatility .
A very silly film .
Tirard adds just a touch of tragedy for the humor to fully resonate and summons the spirit of his inspiration perhaps more effectively than director John Madden rendered the Bard in heat .
The film begins on a serious note , requiring an adjustment on the part of the audience toward its more prevalent comic tone . Once that transition is made , the experience of Moliere is an enjoyable one .
Two scripters let their imaginations soar to show us how Moliere would act if he became a character of one of his plays and met people from his other productions -- and it works !
Tirard 's risk-free approach of of the life of French comedy 's reformer , is as light-hearted and cooky , as Lassel Hallstrom 's Casanova , just starring Moliere instead of the infamous womanizer , albeit with a much more European cast .
Speculative pic on how Gaul 's answer to Shakespeare found inspiration in an involuntary gig giving a nobleman acting lessons is sumptuous , touching and often laugh-out-loud funny .





@highlight

Moliere is a sophisticated , witty biopic of the great satirist .