Autism is a subject most filmmakers fear to broach , but not Aussie newcomer Elissa Down , she attacks the issue with honesty and passion .
It 's a well-meaning film , marked by Luke Ford 's sensitive portrayal of a disabled character . But the main character is bland , imparting the same vibe on the rest of the film .
The Black Balloon is neither ` Rain Man ' nor ` The Other Sister . This Aussie charmer charts its own course .
Thomas and Jackie 's friendship , blossoming into a chaste romance , is the dramatic engine that powers The Black Balloon , but it 's far from the most important relationship in the film .
Wakefield anchors the well-paced quieter moments .
The film 's vision is neither a grim wallow nor falsely cheerful . It 's compassionate but unblinking , and in the end we ca n't help but admire the genuine strength of how its characters accept their special challenge .
The Black Balloon is marked by the fiercest bravery you 're likely to encounter on screen this year .
At its sharpest Elissa Down 's feature directorial debut is guided by intense , rough-edged emotional swings that feel authentically alive , even when the script settles for tidiness .
The Black Balloon establishes this family with a delicate mixture of tenderness and pain .
A film that mostly skirts artifice and sentimentality for a truer portrait of a family battered and bruised but nowhere near broken .
The outlines are broad and obvious , and Thomas such a bore , that The Black Balloon loses air .
There are wrenching scenes that are brutally stark , yet there remains a steady sense of calm that is touching and sensitive without ever turning sentimental .
Structurally and cinematically , The Black Balloon sticks to the coming-of-age basics , but -LSB- director -RSB- Down has a gift for conveying time and place .
It sometimes skirts melodrama territory , but the deep emotions ultimately are real and gratifying . Dependable Toni Collette keeps it grounded , disappearing into her role as the incredibly patient mother .
The Black Balloon , a splendid Australian film about a teenager and his older autistic brother , gets it , from the happy/sad imagery of the title through the uplifting , but not saccharine , finale .
Collette aside , there is no wow factor in The Black Balloon -- just a not-bad story told with better-than-average skill .
It 's a film about a supposedly real-world set-up that never feels true , even though the people who made it clearly set out to treat their subject matter and the audience with respect .
It 's brilliant ; a beautifully balanced comedy-drama that makes you laugh as much as it makes you cry , sometimes in the same scene .
A writer-director portrays life with an autistic brother to heartwarming effect .
It 's a film that comes from the heart .
Small Aussie family drama about a likeable teen 's acceptance of his severely disturbed older brother is a sweet and sunny charmer that will be a tough sell at theatres but should find its way home to smaller screens .
This small gem has a very satisfying ending .
This unblinking family drama packs a visceral punch . Thomas ' journey toward acceptance is blessedly free of noble lessons and filled with real people .
The blooming puppy love between Thomas and Jackie lends The Black Balloon a welcome strain of tenderness . Mr. Wakefield and Ms. Ward project the innocence of shy , sensitive young people for whom a tentative shared kiss is a very big deal .
Director/writer draws on her personal experiences with frank honesty to lift this up from just another heartwarming movie about a family living with a special-needs teen .
Feels stitched together from countless coming of age tales and dramas with mentally impaired characters .
The Black Balloon courses with a firsthand feel for languorous Aussie summers , the shifting scales of love and hate in sibling relationships , and the earned wit that helps families cope with difficult situations .
A touching Australian film about a young man 's coming-of-age and the re-negotiation of his relationship with his older autistic brother .
Toni Collette gives it the old Little Miss Sunshine try in The Black Balloon as an edge-of-kooky , very pregnant mama presiding over a chaotic household .
Elissa Down 's semi-autobiographical film always manages to counter its indie clichés with a sober sense of the volatility that comes from living with an autistic individual .
This auspicious Oz import is a sign of bright , young filmmaking in Australia .
The Black Balloon is such a gracefully conceived film , yet crafted with a raw , unflinching honesty exploring the simultaneous sorrow and joy that can define severe family afflictions .
Where Baz Luhrmann 's ` Australia ' is bloated , this Aussie pic is a look at a single family in a suburban Australia town , a group that are alternately heartwarming and frustrating .
The youth-oriented movie introduces a glowing young Australian actress with true star potential -- the international model Gemma Ward .
Collette acts as an anchor for the ensemble , but the young leads credibly hold their own onscreen .
Tackles a serious theme with energy and what sometimes feels like too much hilarity . But as the story deepens , it really gets hold of us .
It 's a very auspicious debut for this young Australian filmmaker .
Young love triumphs in a terrific Australian indie that deals with autism in an authentic , unsentimental way .
A deeply personal film for writer/director Elissa Down , The Black Balloon is a gentle yet unflinching look at a family strained by the pressures of caring for an autistic teenager .



@highlight

A tender and witty portrayal of a family coping with autism , The Black Balloon is heartfelt without being schmaltzy or moralizing .