Let me tell you what happens in this movie : nothing .
Mila Kunis is one of the most underrated actresses today . She 's so funny .
There are laughs to be had in their cutting loose : Hahn 's disdain and deadpan delivery are irresistible . But the film is too soppy and glossy to have us believe that motherhood is anything but a doddle .
Bad Moms admittedly does have its heart in the right place as made clearly evident by the ending credits that actually features footage of the lead actors talking to their real-life mothers about their upbringing and childhood
The audience at my matinee was all women , many clutching glasses of wine . And , if their reaction was any indication , Bad Moms is a laugh riot . What was tickling their collective funny bone ? One word . Relatability .
Bad Moms sometimes falters when attempts at mushy sentimentality are made . That being said , as a buddy flick , it delivers the goods , with a good amount of laugh-out-loud moments too .
Mothers from middle class families are the perfect and only target audience for this film . For everyone else there 's a better bad movie called Stop Or My Mom Will Shoot !
It will be too crude for some , but I have to say I found it a guilty pleasure .
Yes , mothers do need a break , but how the story unfolds on screen is exaggerated .
Like most films of this genre , no matter the genders , Bad Moms has its funny , funny highlights and then long stretches of blah-de-blah-ness , but when it works , it works good .
The female culture caricatured by writer-directors Jon Lucas and Scott Moore is one of compartmentalization ... The female characters are rarely referred to by any other distinction , as if having children superseded any other identifying trait .
-LSB- Bad Moms -RSB- is a lightly feminist summer movie , smoothly piloting `` woke '' into the final stage of its protracted , much-think pieced life cycle .
It has no substance ; it does n't say anything .
There are certainly golden moments , but the pop culture references can be heavy-handed and the gags often feel too drawn-out .
It 'd be a complete eye-roller if not for the ferocious Hahn ripping through the thin script like a comedic atom bomb .
The chemistry between a struggling career woman -LRB- Milas Kunis -RRB- , a compliant wallflower -LRB- Kristen Bell -RRB- and a man eater -LRB- Kathryn Hahn -RRB- turns what could have been another women-behaving-badly knock-off into comedy gold
Sloppily constructed but undeniably funny , Bad Moms does effectively find the humor in situations that are going to ring true to a large audience .
As much of the film 's jokes that fall flat , it gets yet another break-out performance from Hahn , who plays the unfiltered , horn-dog divorcee , and Bell , whose clear-eyed manias are many of the film 's best moments in the early going .
This awful ma-full flick should have been even more honestly titled Lazy Movie . The premise is numb-dumb obvious and the plot barely furthers it . As the movie wears on and on , the moms ' bipolar-anxiety about being only ` good ' or ` bad ' gets stupider .
If you wan na have a good time watching a movie full of original gags starring great actresses , I highly recommend Bad Moms . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It makes sense that the film is directed and written by the writers of `` The Hangover '' because it shares a lot of that film 's DNA . Three people , mismatched at times , decide to cut loose with alcohol and dirty talk .
In spite of its crudity , Bad Moms shows just how conservative mainstream filmmaking has become .
For a handful of truly inspired moments - the hoodie scene is genius - this is an oddly likeable and enjoyable film .
Bad Moms ' joie de vivre founders on a predictable plot that somehow contrives to become a hybrid of virtually every female-orientated comedy produced in the past year .
Uninspired , tepid and aimless , Bad Moms is just plain bad .
Bad Moms is a totally predictable movie that a group of girls in a pajama party would enjoy but there 's nothing more beyond that . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A little more vinegar ... and Bad Moms could have been a genuinely subversive comedy , rather than just a sweetly funny one .
Mostly , Bad Moms is remarkably astute about the pressures and neuroses of modern parenting .
Has a punishing three minute riff on the horror of men who , either unburdened by religious abuse , or unpersuaded by porn , have not been the victims of male genital mutilation .
The whole thing is so divorced from any recognisable reality that it succeeds only making all the women in it seem like psychotic morons .
Jon Lucas and Scott Moore , who co-direct as well as co-write , struggle to find focus and the result is a film as tired and scattered as its sleep-deprived heroine .
Hollywood 's fondness for obnoxious comedies continues unabated with Bad Moms , another vulgar , mean-spirited affair .
My mild criticisms are more than compensated by the amazing comedic chemistry generated by the film 's three stars .
Writer-directors Jon Lucas and Scott Moore have cast their movie perfectly and there 's a wonderful energy between Kunis , Bell and Hahn .
The wish-fulfillment fantasy hits the mark only for those who buy into the mayhem involving women behaving badly .
If you 're the kind of parent who fantasises about throwing it all into brunch all day and party all night , you 'll probably get a few more laughs out of it than the rest of us .
Generally successful at earning audience laughs as it negotiates the terrain of being an averagely ok comedy you 're likely to have forgotten before leaving the carpark .
Maybe it does n't bring anything new to the table but it delivers what it promises : a light and enjoyable comedy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With its bland blasts of chart pop , it 's less riot-grrrl provocation than sporadically rowdy coffee morning .
Bad Moms is actually pretty good when it comes to raising a smile to two .
Miscreant matriarchs ? Oh , puh-lease !
Bad Moms is the American mom party movie that you did n't know you wanted , and while it 's never more than a pleasant diversion , that 's sometimes exactly what you want out of a comedy .
This Hollywood comedy about a trio of exhausted mothers who buck the system is intermittently fun but lacks both the freakiness and finesse to be more than a diversion , despite the cast 's committed efforts .
Bad Moms is an occasionally funny story to sit through , though its reliance on a painfully formulaic setup thwarts the movie from making any kind of lasting impression .
Bad Moms is an entertaining , girls-mainly comedy about the problems of parenting .
Bad Moms knew the story it wanted to tell , and it 's a worthy story , but it just was n't any good at telling it .
` Bad Moms ' deliver feisty fun .
There are no wheels being reinvented by Bad Moms , which gradually loses the courage of its convictions ... Nevertheless , it is twice the movie that lamentable AbFab thing out now turned out to be , and far more funny .
Bad Moms is n't great - but it is n't bad either .
Kunis is stranded with a character who is so poorly written .
Has some significant blind spots and goes wildly over the top in numerous places , but it 's good for a lot of laughs and its heart is in the right place . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
I 'm grateful that Hollywood has realized that female audiences are among comedy fans and are under-served , that does n't mean they should be forced to settle for garbage
A film with a strong message about breaking the roles impossed by society for women . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie plays like Mean Girls with a big dollop of middle-aged wish fulfillment .
The film rides on appealing actors tossing non sequiturs back and forth in a series of wish-fulfillment scenarios .
The editing and even basic characterization are so incoherent , you have to wonder if the storyline was being changed on the fly .
It 's not a life changing comedy , but it works as general entertainment . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Raunchy in the extreme , but the laugh out loud script provides the right balance . Plus the movie has Kathryn Hahn as a secret weapon . She steals the show !
An almost shockingly bottom-of-the-barrel comedy ...
By the hour mark the film has built up a head of steam , with Hahn laying comedic waste to every scene she 's in .
MILF -LRB- Movie I 'd Like to Forget -RRB- . Certainly , many will appreciate this sitcom-level film in the same manner as they would any given episode of , say , Modern Family or New Girl . But our dear mothers deserve better .
There are more than enough big laughs to satisfy . And underneath it all is a pretty sincere message about how it 's okay for parents to make mistakes sometimes .
Perfect for moms that do n't get a break . If you 're one of them , leave the kids at home with dad and go see this movie with your friends . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Rude and crude , it 's nevertheless surprisingly satiric . Its intrinsic feminism is a lot funnier than either ` Absolutely Fabulous ' or ` Ghostbusters . '
Bad Moms is a little satirical , a little ironic , a tiny bit feminist and mostly like a high school chick flick set around mothers of two .
We really do need a `` bad mom '' comedy in 2016 , but Bad Moms is n't it .
Based on the concept and cast , this is a movie you root for -- and then you walk away disappointed .
It 's not a good idea to pay too close attention to Bad Moms . It 's funnier if you do n't .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- as focus grouped and market researched as the T.G.I. Friday 's margarita I imagine this picture 's core audience will be enjoying before the screening .
Although all these actors prove the shrewd casting choices of Bad Moms , it is Hahn who makes this unassuming summer blockbuster something close to stellar .
The brain trust behind ` The Hangover ' series have assembled a tremendous cast and have delivered a raunchy , rowdy , sharp and heartfelt take on modern motherhood in ` Bad Moms . '
Hahn hijacks the film and makes it her showcase . She 's rude and crude in a physical , full-body performance , and half her lines seem improvised , because she spits them out like a spray of machine gun bullets .
Bad Moms is both very funny , and deep enough to transcend stock movie mom archetypes to tell a story about personal dignity , and how it 's okay to let yourself down .
It 's a movie with a subversive skepticism about traditional white picket fence domesticity in general .
A female-driven story that does n't shy away from bad behavior while also touting the importance of familial bonds and solid parenting choices .
The beauty of this film from writer-directors Jon Lucas and Scott Moore is that it is broad and silly at times but never over the top and always grounded in characters we genuinely understand and care about .
The movie cops out by going soft in the end , but it 's still hardcore hilarity for stressed moms looking for a girls night out .
It 's a film about women that does n't exclusively cater to a specific audience . It feels long overdue .
A perfect cast , an absence of gross-out humor and some solid observations about moms from the writer/directors makes BAD MOMS a cut above the rest of the summer comedies and well worth checking-out .
Bad Moms deserves credit for mixing things up in the genre , but its reliance on caricatures prevents it from being as memorable as it could have been .
As frothy and funny as it is forgettable , Bad Moms is also the latest proof that the humour gene is not exclusive to the Y chromosome .
Over-the-top comedy is funny but raunchy , predictable .
Bright and fast and absurd and sloppy , a flick that lives - or dies - by how much you dig watching Bell wear a pink hoodie and pretend to be an uncircumcised penis . -LRB- Answer : a lot . -RRB-
Numbing stupidity , unsure if it wants to indulge wish fulfillment in full or take its loopy characters seriously .
There 's a lot of good in bad moms . Done by the guys who did The Hangover . Raunchy but when it 's funny , it 's really funny .
The thing that really sticks in the craw about this film is that it gets sanctimonious during its pageant of bad behavior .
The film has a big heart to go along with its gutter-oriented mind ...
Mildly amusing , moderately raunchy , mostly schematic ...
The promise of bad behavior was just bait to bring an audience to a warm-at-core and shopworn story of a woman overcoming adversity .
It 's so good at being bad .
If you 're going to call it Bad Moms then really dig in and screw these ladies up !
I wish I could throw Bad Moms in the faces of the misogynistic haters found regularly in the YouTube comments section of Ghostbusters trailer and laugh at their expressions of defeat but it 's me sitting sunken in my seat with the same expression .
Even with its exaggerated antics , Bad Moms has some very important reminders .
There is a lot to be said about parenting , impossible standards , and judgey people . But that requires actually saying something , not just pointing it out .
You see , they could n't just make a dumb comedy about suburban moms cutting loose - they somehow thought themselves capable of crafting a faux-inspirational story of motherly affirmation .
Though it does n't quite do for mothers what Bridesmaids did for single women , Bad Moms is a riotous comedy that left my theater echoing with shrieks , snorts and cackles .
I found it funny and entertaining as it unfolded , but have a feeling a second viewing might elicit a less favorable response . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Nudity , Sexual Content , Profanity , etc. - Available -RRB-
Bad Moms had so many opportunities to be great , edgy and insightful , but instead settles for the most milquetoast commentary possible on modern motherhood .
Aiming to be offensive but just missing , Bad Moms enforces an unfair double standard for raunchy R-rated comedies -- in which women have to justify antics that guys can perpetrate without an uplifting finale .
On its own terms , Bad Moms is also pretty good . But its view of motherhood feels downright retro .
They do get the right actresses for this , though . All three of these women contribute worthy reactions and riffs , though the straw that stirs this drink is Hahn , who is so underappreciated that it 's no longer funny .
If you want to see people drunkenly misbehave in an often funny but sloppily written raunch-com , Lucas & Moore are your guys !
The uneven tone is a problem , but it 's something that everyone on screen does their best to overcome .
The humor is mild and cliched , and a little disingenuous coming from two dudes .
What makes `` Bad Moms '' funny -LRB- aside from its lineup of gifted performers -RRB- is n't that Amy and her friends go wild ; they do n't , not even close . It 's the women 's shared , near-orgiastic pleasure in their freedom and friendship .
Like husbands who think that carrying in the groceries is really pitching in , Lucas and Moore have their hearts in the right place , but their efforts have little real insight or impact .
A good-natured girl-power comedy that balances a bland sitcom structure with some weird and hilarious moments .
The women are game , at least . Kunis , Hahn and Kristen Bell form the movie 's trio , and pry two or three laughs out of the script , but that amounts only to one each . They deserve better , and so do you .
`` Bad Moms '' is n't interested in the darker trials of motherhood . It would rather give moms what they want-like a spa day in movie form .
`` The Hangover '' for working mothers , only funnier , smarter and sweeter .
Living up to to the low expectations set by its title , `` Bad Moms '' does little to surpass them .
Bad Moms is full of bad language and worse behaviour , but bottom line , it 's a valentine to moms everywhere . Despite what you 've been seeing all summer on the big screen , real superheroes wear aprons , not capes .
It may not hit all the right notes , but it definitely offers some late Summer laughs .
The plot kicks into high gear -- and into mature-audiences-only levels of bawdy brazenness rarely seen in Hollywood movies centered on women 's lives -- when Kunis hits that legendary last nerve about which mothers everywhere have always warned us .
Bad Moms may not surprise you , but it will make you laugh . Quite a lot , actually .
The vulgar shock humor gives way to a modicum of actual character development , and the movie begins to deliver real housewives the audience can actually care about and root for .
Something tells me a lot of good moms will find some real truths contained within the bawdy antics of Bad Moms .
Bad Moms might be slight in practice , but it 's rather comical -LRB- albeit expected beats -RRB- , and emotionally fulfilling when it counts .
Bad Moms is deeply flawed , but funny enough .
The chemistry between the three is what makes Bad Moms rise above the mediocrity that looms in the shadow of every frame .
If you 're willing to dive deep into the dark side of parenthood , this is the film for you .
`` Bad Moms '' was written and directed by men , and you can totally tell that they tried really hard to write a movie that women would enjoy and identify with . Emphasis on tried .
`` Bad Moms '' makes a compelling argument for embracing imperfection and vulnerability , but we should n't have to accept that kind of messiness in our movies .
Hacky sitcom pandering dressed up as female empowerment . Kathryn Hahn deserves an award for occasionally being able to eke laughs out of this Hallmark-with-bush-jokes script .
It panders to overstressed , underappreciated mothers-and there are plenty of them-by offering them a phony fable of empowerment , one that 's no more than a raucous , sitcom-level farce .
It 's not all bad in ` Bad Moms ' , but because the story and insight is lacking , it 's just not bad enough .
For a summer escape , skip the book club this month and take your friends to the movies instead .
A rowdy salute to the thankless sacrifices made by modern mothers , `` Bad Moms '' has lots of spirit and wonderful chemistry from its three leads . And yet , this so-so comedy ca n't shake a formulaic , uninspired construction .
For a movie that traffics in the messiness of life , `` Bad Moms '' wraps up a little too tidily . Then again , maybe a happy ending is just what an audience full of exhausted moms deserves .
`` Bad Moms '' keeps settling for less than it should , given the talent on screen .
If you 've birthed a tiny human or know someone who has , it 's time to find a babysitter , call the girlfriends and get to `` Bad Moms '' - the raucous , sexy and crass comedy packed with loads of mother-funny jokes .
Beneath that patina of penis jokes and four-letter words beats a weak and sentimental heart that fails to deliver the film 's promise of raucous fun , instead wasting a talented cast of comediennes on cliche platitudes on motherhood .
The dad minds behind Bad Moms do n't seem to understand , or be terribly curious about , the minds of mothers ...
The raunchy comedy is the equivalent of drinking a poolside margarita while the kids are at camp . It 's a load of empty calories -- but , boy , does it go down easy .
It 's not exactly for the ages , but it 's not exactly The Hangover Part II , either .
An enjoyable but flawed lark .
Bad Moms is an R-rated raunch-com that 's surprisingly short on both raunch and comedy .
Beneath all of its hard-R partying , rebellious debauchery , and profanity , it taps into something very real and insidious in the zeitgeist . It 's one of the funniest movies of the year-and one of the most necessary .
Bad Moms is to uncircumcised penises as The Third Man is to cuckoo clocks
It tackles `` mommy guilt '' while letting men and dads off the moral hook .
Never judge a movie by its title . ` Bad Moms ' is laugh-till-you-cry hilarious ; funniest movie you 'll see all summer . Who can raise kids properly nowadays ? It 's impossible ! It 's real title ? ` Cool Moms . '
Hahn ... injects what could have been another insipid studio hack job with a bracing shot of personality .
If only these `` Bad Moms '' were a little worse , their movie would be a hell of a lot better .
The laughter this movie offers could provide cathartic medicine for the middle-class mom blues .
Even when things soften and turn sweet toward the end-including an unexpectedly emotional segment during the closing credits that I will not spoil for you-Bad Moms retains an appealing wrongness .
A raunchy , righteously rollicking yarn about the conflicted yin and yang of motherhood .
It 's a good cast and a good vibe in search of a movie that gives them something better to do .
It sells its characters ' struggle short by shuffling their kids off screen whenever it 's convenient , and not even in the name of comical neglect ; there always seems to be time and money to get a sitter .
The end-credits sequence shows up the rest of the film as the broad and incoherent live-action cartoon that it is .
Despite its name , this is a fluffy cupcake of a movie - and sometimes , a cupcake is just what you want .
One of the comedic bright spots so far in 2016 , `` Bad Moms '' is insightful , affecting and enormously funny .
Occasionally raucous riff on moms gone wild that 's a no-holds-barred date that ends by 11 , a party nobody calls the cops to break up .

@highlight

Bad Moms boasts a terrific cast and a welcome twist on domestic comedy -- and they 're often enough to compensate for the movie 's unfortunate inability to take full advantage of its assets .