Jay Jonroy , who wrote and directed David & Layla , has come up with some potentially funny material that does n't quite work .
The picture takes its time in developing momentum ; once attained , it becomes a watchable , optimistic cri de coeur .
The road to formulaic romantic-comedy complications and ethic clichés is paved with good intentions in first-time filmmaker Jay Jonroy 's cross-culture love story , which might as well be called My Big Fat Kurdish Wedding .
My Big Fat Muslim Wedding !
Anyone can grasp the issues explored in Jonroy 's comedy , and occasional missteps are easily forgiven when something new -LRB- along with a feast of great-looking food -RRB- is being brought to the table .
A spread-thin but likable concoction that sets out to be a cross-ethnic romance , an explicit sex farce , a sober statement of the plight of the Kurdish people and , I think , a plea for world peace .
So clumsily made that even its hopeful message ca n't make it go down pleasantly .
David and Layla is proof , if proof be needed , that good intentions just are n't enough .
David and Layla is n't going to solve any problems -- it 's got way too many of its own .
Rather than a real drama about these things , David & Layla plays like '70s - era sitcom .
Humor and politics finally converge in what the story is all about : finding the good in those different from you . It 's a happy ending that can be enjoyed by all .
Writer-director Jay Jonroy is better with atmosphere and visuals than with dialogue .
The effect is not a rich film with a wide range of tones as the director may have intended , but a schizophrenic mess that ends up working as neither social message movie nor entertainment .
Inspired by a real-life couple now living in Paris , David & Layla is suffused with the warmth and passion of filmmaker Jay Jonroy , whose own family was victimized under Saddam Hussein .
Yes , it 's well-intentioned and at times funny . But it 's also strained and clumsy and a bit too simple-minded to be effective .
There is nothing poetic about it .
Though it 's no Romeo and Juliet , David & Layla is an offbeat cross-cultural romance with a positive message .
This is more suffering than should be asked of anyone to endure , but with admirable perversity , Jonroy decided to make a romantic comedy based on the love between an American Jew and a Kurdish Muslim woman whom the writer-director met in Paris .
An earnest , frequently funny comedy about stateless persons and the looming cliches that make Muslims and Jews so wary of each other . Completely accessible and non-threatening .

@highlight

Earnest and well-intentioned , `` David & Layla '' stumbles over itself too often to achieve its goals .