... brims with incident , atmosphere , and character , but is low on anything that could be strictly called plot or momentum .
-LSB- Ripstein -RSB- peers at tangential characters with subtle tracking shots that make the story feel like a maze with no exit .
Proof of the director 's obsession with the subject and inevitable repetition . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I keep hoping Ripstein will once again make a great movie . This is n't it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ripstein has to stop trying to make movies as plays , we already hace Antonioni and Trkovski for that . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
By failing to provide an adequate picture of the humanity at stake , the movie shapes up as a superficial affair . While consistently intriguing , it appeals foremost to perverse curiosity and leaves us , deeper down , unmoved .
Arturo Ripstein 's Bleak Street lives up to its name , being a beautifully shot but ultimately unsatisfying exercise in miserablism .
Although the movie does n't flinch at presenting a dark and unsavory portrait of a down-and-out slice of humanity , it also detects a glimmer of something more in the characters , nudging the story in the direction of tragedy .
Every shadow becomes a dagger , every fire escape a prison in this beautiful B&W noir .
Beautifully shot , refreshingly offbeat , captivating and unflinching while remaining grounded in humanism .
The slice of life that is Bleak Street is definitely situated on the darker side of the road . It 's unquestionably worth visiting for a reality check .
The true story that inspired it raises eyebrows , but those raised eyebrows are all the film provokes , as well . That just is n't enough .
`` Come , let us have a drink , '' says one aging streetwalker to another , `` and hate everything and everyone . '' If that sounds tempting , then Mexican auteur Arturo Ripstein 's latest will be right up your dimly lit , trash-strewn alley .
-LSB- A -RSB- sense of surreality within a mode of social realism -LRB- the scenario , believe it or not , was actually inspired by true event -RRB- ... gives the movie its off-kilter power .
It 's a creepy and beguiling oddity , willfully weird but , at the same time , not quite weird enough .
Echoes the style of Luis Buñuel sans the sharp commentary .
Ripstein finds dark humor in his characters ' diminished expectations , which sag so low they 're subterranean .
Bleakness , Arturo Ripstein 's film implies , demands different kinds of labor from a man than from a woman .
The film brims with black humour , yet it also carries with it a peculiar compassion that is the opposite of sentimentality .
The slow pacing and the repulsive characters might quickly bore those who expect a more conventional film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-

@highlight

Opulent and odd , Bleak Street is n't quite weird enough to work .