One of those delightfully tasteless movies that turns dumb , gross fun into true artistry .
Feels like an affectionate remake of an obscure 1978 Roger Corman production that might have been called `` Hot Pants and the Devil Driver . ''
There 's a thin line between clever and stupid . NIc Cage walks it .
Performances , especially from William Fichtner and Amber Heard , are great and the 3D is pretty solid , but that 's about all I can say for Drive Angry 3D in terms of positive aspects of the film .
There is n't much to Vancouver-raised director Patrick Lussier 's film besides mayhem and muscle cars , but he sure gets those things right .
A little respect , please , for His Satanic Majesty , Nicolas Cage . Nobody else could have made this work , or would have wanted to .
Drive Angry is very obviously Nicolas Cage embracing his own ridiculousness , or - in language invented by Bad Lieutenant director Werner Herzog - `` releasing the pigs '' .
-LSB- Drive Angry 3D -RSB- ends up failing pretty badly as it does n't even come close to being a grindhouse film or entertaining .
... a tedious waste of time ...
Drive Angry is fun-fueled exploitation bliss that hearkens to the golden days of grindhouse flicks and features the pure spectacle of the car/action movies of the 70s .
A rather straightforward supernatural-heroism tale straining oh-so-very-hard to be indecent .
The Citizen Kane of exploitation flicks .
The film is saved , not by its star , but by a supporting turn from William Fichtner as The Accountant , an underworld bounty hunter stalking Milton 's every move .
It hits the sweet spots of Loony Tunes sex , violence , cars and exploding things more often than it misses .
` Drive Angry ' is all over the road .
Like watching incredibly explosive paint dry .
Whereas the recent Machete managed to both pay homage to its celluloid ancestors while emerging as an entertaining movie in its own right , this one ultimately proves to be a drag , getting off to a gleeful start before losing its way .
This is entertainment , grind house style , polished up a bit .
I love grindhouse throwbacks , I really do . I just wish the big studios would get it right for once ...
Delivers ... car - and revenge-porn . No surprise there , but nothing of much interest either . Especially coming after the carnage of so much pulpy fiction , backstories and explanations drag , while gestures towards emotion seem pointless .
Drive Angry a tedious ride .
If there 's a movie more devoid of raison d'être than this , I have n't seen it .
I miss David Carradine and Warren Oates .
A calculatedly over-the-top grindhouse-inspired rabble-rouser , marred by the self-congratulatory ` hipness ' of its callously comic attitude toward violence .
full review at Movies for the Masses
It fetishises acts of brutal violence ; it fetishises gorgeously preserved early-70s muscle cars ; in an extremely distant third place , it manages , just barely , to fetishise naked women
It 's like a discarded episode from Grindhouse , only longer and less funny .
While serious-minded critics are still trying to figure out what 3D can do to enhance the cinematic experience , director Patrick Lussier is having a blast with the as-of-now gratuitously revived technology .
Never one to be shy about taking on board an outlandish role that requires a new hairdo , Cage now relishes his Drive Angry leap into the crazy world of the 18-rated 3D action thriller .
Drive Angry 3D delivered even more than it promised . It fulfilled the lunacy it purported to offer and went further .
Quickly establishes itself as a no-holds-barred grindhouse experience , fully aware of its own extreme ridiculousness .
Nicolas Cage 's latest descent into career hell . Oh the horror !
Fichtner alone is worth the price . This movie knows what it is , and does a good job of entertaining , even if you 'll feel a little dirty for liking it .
A thrill ride in the driver 's seat of a souped up '69 Dodge Charger .
The appeal of Drive Angry is much the same as that of Piranha : a willingness to revel in absurdity to the degree where the exhilaration is infectious .
Any movie that casts William Fichtner as a mysterious emissary who calls himself The Accountant and can kill two men with a flip of a quarter has done half its work already .
In one astonishing scene Cage has sex with a naked cocktail waitress while swigging from the bottle of Jack Daniel 's in one hand and killing six assailants with the gun he 's holding in the other . Now that 's real multitasking .
Trashily amusing at first , the picture becomes repetitive and tiresome .
Drive Angry is such an outrageously overblown experience that it almost feels redundant to flag up its obvious shortcomings in the most basic areas : a hopeless lack of logic , dismal dialogue , characters with less personality than the average roadkill .
William Fichtner steals his scenes , Nic Cage goes nuts , and Amber Heard remains hot . Okay , at least it 's better than Ghost Rider , right ?
Devilishly sleazy .
Add `` Drive Angry '' to the long list of Tarantino-knock-off films .
Loud , vicious , tasteless , and inane , it thunders at you from every direction with a wild abandon that is more irritating and desperate than enlivening
Due to dippy writing and sluggish line readings , Drive Angry is never as cool as it thinks it is ...
So awful it 's almost great . But no , it 's just awful .
Aspires to be absolute trash , but of the exhilarating sort . Unfortunately , it misses by a mile , winding up oddly dull and ponderous .
Cage passes the torch to the next generation of scene-chewing actors as he 's graciously out-Caged by both Burke and shark-eyed William Fichtner as The Accountant
It 's actually refreshing that Lussier and Farmer do n't belabor the film 's internal mythology of satanic cults , hell and the devil 's administrative assistants .
Being stoned or otherwise buzzed might help .
The most interesting character is the immaculately dressed `` Accountant , '' amusingly deadpanned by William Fichtner , who practically functions as Satan 's PR man .
Great title -- shame about the movie .
Drive Angry is pure grindhouse , so committed to its own junkiness that it is , in its way , a pleasure to behold .
Another John Milton wrote : `` Better to reign in Hell than to serve in Heaven . '' Cage 's character would concur , heartily , before reloading .
Even at its most lurid , though , the movie is a little dull . And it only gets less compelling as the backstory fills in .
Is it good ? It 's hard to say .
Drive Angry is meant to entertain at the lowest level . But the fact that it knows its place in the cinematic landscape makes it fun to watch .
It goes from being wildly over the top to trying too hard to not trying nearly hard enough and back again . It 's a fun but easily forgettable movie .
It 's the worst kind of bad : Boring bad .
I sure do admire Lussier and Farmer 's go-for-broke ingenuity .
It must be handed to Nicolas Cage . He continues to boldly go where few actors willingly do : the Dumpster . His career now is almost completely reverse-engineered .
It 's hard to care when the CGI is so obvious and Cage 's character so clearly invincible .
Makes a loud , incoherent but oddly compelling case for the enhancing effects of stereoscopic projection on certain treasured objects of the cinematic gaze , like classic Detroit muscle cars , women 's breasts and Nicolas Cage .
To paraphrase Groucho Marx , `` Drive Angry 3D '' may look like deranged and depraved exploitation trash and it may sound like deranged and depraved exploitation trash but do n't let that fool you -- it really is deranged and depraved exploitation trash .
A trio of stridently weird performances -- from Nicolas Cage , William Fichtner , and David Morse -- brighten this otherwise rote actioner .
Sleazy , vulgar and crass . The execution is seriously misguided , but I like the idea of it enough to carry me through . I 'm like that , I 'd rather see a cool idea fail than see something typical succeed technically . Offensive is better than mediocre .
Cage has forged his own hell , and it 's called : the movies he 's addicted to making , even when they trash his brand .
Another competent gimmick flick that 's briefly fun but quickly evaporates from memory .
Drive Angry is a Steve Vai solo album of a movie , never letting a second pass without asserting its awesomeness , and thus rarely being awesome .
Some days you want intellectually fulfilling or emotionally transporting at the movies and some days you just want stupid .
Insane trash that knows how ludicrous and disposable it is -- pulpy , gleeful madness that tells its bizarre story with the efficiency and enthusiasm of a second-tier graphic novel .
It was a disaster just waiting to happen , but the least Lussier could have done was make it an entertaining disaster .
Drive Angry 3-Dis a movie so wantonly ridiculous , so aggressively stupid , it demands you make fun of it .
Sharp 3D lensing and low-octane camp humor help rev up Drive Angry .
There 's hellfire and hot rods aplenty here , but a mindless exploitation entry that should have been appallingly awesome instead marshals too little style or intentional humor .
Half solid grindhouse entertainment , half messy and convoluted supernatural thriller .
It 's all so tongue-in-cheek ... serious horror fans probably wo n't get it , but those who love the grindhouse will be all over this flick , 3D glasses and all .
Some films inadvertently earn the `` so-bad-it 's - good '' label ; Drive Angry aspires to it .
I ca n't say I enjoyed it . But I can appreciate it . It offends every standard of taste except bad . But it is well made .
It is hard to imagine Drive Angry sustaining this level of trash-tastic hysterical hokum , and I regret to inform you that it does not , even with all of the above in 3-D .
A wild , messy disappointment .
There 's a lot of balls in Drive Angry , and even some brains , but no heart
I just wonder if these resources could n't have been used for something , you know , actually good ?
Bats -- insanity is a virtue in the case of this movie
Harmless fun .
If you have less fun in a cinema all year , I 'd like to know .
The result is a director working within the cozy confines of a gimmick rather than rising to the skill level necessary to pull something this nutty off .
Drive Angry 3D is a hoot , as long as you down-shift your brain into neutral and submit to the endless barrage of obscenities and gratuitous violence .
DRIVE ANGRY is a real treat , just as long as you go in with the right attitude . This is a beer -LRB- or Nic Cage approved Jack Daniels -RRB- swiggin ' movie if ever there was one .
The movie is called `` Drive Angry . '' It stars Nicolas Cage . It 's in 3D . What more do you need to know ?
The 1970s grindhouse revival hits its apex in Drive Angry , which takes everything that 's good about genre movies and distills it into a Nicolas Cage chase movie . In 3-D and everything !
To its shameless credit , Drive Angry has a knack for stacking its clichés in mind-boggling arrangements .
Mess of crummy ideas slapped together into a semi-coherent feature film ... The `` it 's so bad it 's good '' argument can only account for a tiny portion of the film . After that , it 's all just genuinely bad .
When Cage battles a roomful of bad guys while having sex with a big-breasted waitress and smoking a cigar , it 's a highlight that reaffirms the film 's auspicious sense of humor .
With solid 3D action , Fichtner 's quirky performance , and the ability to not take itself seriously , Drive Angry proves quite watchable ... although I ca n't bring myself to call it good .
Had it stopped trying to qualify itself , it really could have had us .
It 's all in 3D , which may sound cool but is actually a flaw because Nicolas Cage experiences everything in approximately 8D .
Drive Angry 3D is for a very narrow movie-going niche audience . An audience that has nostalgia for hard-R 70 ′ s exploitation flicks - or those too young to have seen those and yearn for a balls to the wall , take no prisoners B-movie .
With its combination of outlandish storyline and solid edge of your seat adrenaline , Drive Angry is a supernaturally spiked hoot
The film is so unapologetically R-rated that Cage seems unfettered . It 's so ... much ... fun .
The film offers some -LRB- visual -RRB- pleasures , but , really , what motivates a talented actor such as Nicolas Cage to make one trashy actioner after another ?
A movie that could have left skid marks on our psyche - in 3-D no less - instead drives us to distraction with verbose line readings that kill momentum worse than a police flashlight shining through a parked windshield .
The demonic 3D grindhouse picture is n't nearly as subversive as it thinks .
Not the worst Cage film of 2011 . But that 's not saying much .
Entirely ridiculous , in appalling taste and often very entertaining .
Nicolas Cage continues down his peculiarly uneven career path and hits another gaping pothole ...
-LSB- V -RSB- ile and reprehensible ... picks up the gauntlet thrown down by -LSB- the -RSB- violently misogynist -LSB- Con Air -RSB- and slaps that gauntlet right at the viewer . That gauntlet flies right out at you in 3D , too !
Surprisingly dull action flick that 's let down by a spiritless performance from Nicolas Cage , a lazy script and a series of tedious action sequences that are at best derivative and at worst downright boring ...
A non-stop riot of gratuitous sex , full-on violence , gory gunfights and explosive car crashes make this fun chase-and-chiller combo a high-energy trash extravaganza .
` Drive Angry ' is a mish-mash of familiar elements , but it 's all lashed together with such relentless drive , blunt invention and pitch-black wit that it 's hard not to get dragged along by it .
Not every movie needs to be a thought-provoking work of art ...
Anyone looking for fresh roadkill really wo n't find much to slow down for . That said , there 's enough screech and splatter to keep your average Friday night rubbernecker happy .
The juicy , toxic and unhealthy cinema equivalent of the biggest , tastiest and least nutritional burger you 've ever wolfed down in a moment of heedless gluttony .
A shambling , ponderous mess that aims to be a trashy cult classic and merely ends up in the trash -- Fichtner aside .
A performance of unrestrained lunacy from everyone 's favourite jobbing madman , let down only by a saggy third act and a script that 's stupid in slightly the wrong way .
A raunchy throwback to old-school 70s and 80s exploitation movies . Cage is n't at his most manic this time -LRB- more 's the pity -RRB- but he still burns up the road .
They say what you see in Nicolas Cage 's hair is a reflection of your own soul . To me , it looks a bit like a giant , microwaved wombat slipping off the top of St Paul 's Cathedral .
With his recent glut of increasingly low-rent cinematic forays ... combined with the blatantly obvious fact that he 's only making them to stave off bankruptcy , Nicolas Cage may have subjected himself to a whole new subgenre of filmmaking - Cagesploitation .
Less a fully realised thriller than a series of rampaging set pieces , this rollicking movie at least provides some goofy good fun for audiences , plus one terrific performance . Otherwise , it 's just misogynistic carnage .
Patrick Lussier and Todd Farmer 's latest collaboration -LSB- will -RSB- induce a 155mph speed-boner ... It knows exactly what it is and accelerates full steam into an hour and a half of blood , guts , sex , drinking , smoking , & chugging beer out of skulls .

@highlight

It may deliver the over-the-top action pieces , but Drive Angry prefers to work safely within grindhouse formula than do something truly unique .