Do n't go looking for any explanations . Just look , man .
Paul Thomas Anderson is here to honor everything Thomas Pynchon and Inherent Vice are about , without dumbing the narrative down to draw a wider audience .
... cinema being the audiovisual medium that it is , we ca n't expect the literary adaptation to provide the same kind of syntactic energy that we 'd find in its source text .
There 's nothing here that Robert Altman did n't do more effectively and in his 1976 adaptation of The Long Goodbye , a film that rewards repeat viewings more than I suspect Inherent Vice will .
If I 'm going fawn over a puzzling film , I 'd rather it be something like Inception or The Matrix , movies that entertain me but also provoke so much thought and analysis that I ca n't take my mind off it .
Inherent Vice is one of those movies that tries to put across its maker 's lack of control as a conscious and meaningful aesthetic scheme .
Yet Inherent Vice the movie is utterly its own thing , as thoroughly a piece of Anderson 's imaginative universe as of Pynchon 's .
This affable paean to absurdism will be revered in years to come no matter what hostility it engenders now .
Inherent Vice may not be one of Paul Thomas Anderson 's better films , but there is enough there to make it more enjoyable than not .
... I was drawn into this crazy world completely by Anderson and his merry pranksters , a shaggy dog mystery with a stoner Philip Marlowe applying of free-association investigative technique ...
If the adaptation 's a little too faithful to sustain a cinematically tight story , there 's still a lot to admire in the sheer , uninhibited folly of the whole thing , the gall to get groovy while the Oscar-watchers are on high alert .
Inherent Vice is a bizarre , almost dreamlike , movie , one that makes sense from moment to moment but falls apart the second you try to tie it all together .
After a decade spent making two films that are like pressure cookers , Anderson was clearly ready to blow off some steam .
Its avalanche of idiosyncrasies might make it tough sledding for general audiences , but for trippy , glassblown noir , `` Inherent Vice '' is a prime cut .
Once you let the chaos of all the eccentric characters and the mystery Doc is trying to solve , wash over you , you start appreciating it , but if you question it and try to corral it , the film just slips away from you .
Anderson 's greatest display of formal elasticity .
Viewers looking for a coherent narrative wo n't find it in this chaotic film .
It 's a generous , humble work : a soft hymn to a lost world .
A mightily epic , brain-fogged ode to the end of the '60s that almost dares you to make sense of it .
Sure , it 's a bit long but this is a weird and wonderful trip of a movie .
Inherent Vice is n't everyone 's kinda trip , but it is righteous fun for those who enjoy the high .
I even enjoyed this self-indulgence up to a point , but at 148 minutes it just felt like the movie would never end .
From out of the -LRB- climatic and mood-enhancing -RRB- fog of Inherent Vice something strange and rather glorious emerges .
Anderson 's loosest , most purely enjoyable film to date .
Inherently a Coenesque film noir , it features an uncannily Coenesque universe of cartoonish oddballs and a distinctive vernacular .
It is no exaggeration to say that this could become the new Big Lebowski -- something that will not just stand up to repeat viewings but positively reward every single rewatch of its twisted , lunatic glory .
Both Doc 's hopeless pining for Shasta and his efforts to reunite a detoxed wife with her on-the-lam musician husband carry enough emotional weight to keep Inherent Vice from being just an exercise in random weirdness .
The film 's funny and absurd enough to make its maddeningly veiled musings on the death of the hippy dream engrossing . A large part of this is down to Phoenix , whose protagonist ... is an undeniably rich creation .
You might not have a clue what is going on ; but enter into its freewheeling spirit and -LSB- the -RSB- film turns out to be unexpectedly captivating , with a touching undertow of melancholy detectable beneath the off-kilter humour and bizarre plotting .
The key to best appreciating this stubbornly singular entertainment is to view these characters as the last men on the field , still playing a game they 're achingly slow to learn is already over .
Under no circumstances would I call Inherent Vice a bad film . It 's too weird and fascinating and filled with too many delightful performances ...
If you 've got a warped , off-beat sense of humour , you should like this . It 's not on the same level as The Big Lebowski -LRB- the pinnacle of stoner comedies -RRB- but it 's a worthy effort .
For those who have never been high , the new film `` Inherent Vice '' will give you a pretty good sense of it . You 'll have no idea what 's going on . You 'll wonder whether you 're supposed to know . In the end , though , you wo n't be sure you care .
This preposterously funny hippie-noir is a warm , back-to-the - ' 70 's journey of paranoia and intrigue , dentists and dope - a kind of fin de siecle of the Californian '60s .
A Lebowski-esque adaptation of Thomas Pynchon 's novel that 's as bewildering as it is entertaining .
The title for this film should have been Incoherent Vice , such is the unfunny , meandering , deliberately confusing plot scribble of Paul Thomas Anderson 's attempt at a 1970s crime comedy ... seems designed to both infuriate and bore .
A crazy , crackling , wild ride .
Crazy enough to entertain while illuminating the sad reality of never quite getting what you want .
It is n't one film but many , an anthology of expertly recreated genre tropes , from fog-shrouded noir to sunlit paranoia .
Movies do n't need to be better than the book . They only need to be the best movie version of the book . And Inherent Vice is that .
Tune in , drop out , and let this superb hippy noir wash over you .
There is nothing straightforward about anyone in Paul Thomas Anderson 's bewitching mystery in which each character is a stepping-stone in a journey in which no-one is quite sure who or what they are chasing
Anderson is too enamored with his terrific ensemble cast . Perhaps 2 hours 20 minutes were needed for the plot to make any kind of sense , but there still feels like a lot of dead weight , and he is unable to infuse it with the energy of his other films .
PTA , Pynchon , Phoenix and co. produce something unavoidably brilliant .
the film 's convoluted plot and lack of genuine feeling for the characters undercut even its most impressive sequences , making it feel empty where it should be boisterous , boring when it should be at the very least intriguing
On a strictly impressionistic first watch I intensely hated it .
P.T. Anderson brings Pynchon 's clouds of digressions to the screen
A welcome return to the filmmaker 's late '90s style ; unlike his far grimmer recent output , here the occasionally overpraised writer-director is at his best counterbalancing the bleak with the bizarre .
It 's not for nothing that Vice has won the Robert Altman award ; its critique of early '70s California and its oft bewildered protagonist are reminiscent of the great man 's Long Goodbye .
Paul Thomas Anderson 's dark-comedy adaptation of Thomas Pynchon 's crime-noir/counterculture novel is a thing of cinematic achievement . And it 's also one heck of a trip , man .
I found myself going with it for about two thirds of the time , seduced by its sweetness , suspicious of its sexuality ... occasionally exasperated by its incessant shaggy-doggedness .
The thing Inherent Vice has going is its sense of always plucking at the fringe , the conviction that the central characters are n't necessarily the most interesting ones .
A faithful adaptation of the Thomas Pynchon novel that feels as if a labyrinthine Raymond Chandler thriller has been thrown into a cocktail shaker with Alice In Wonderland .
For those of us who cleave to the old-fashioned view that narratives should be vaguely penetrable , the film might as well be retitled Incoherent Vice .
I think I need to see it again , again .
A noble failure , perhaps , but whatever you make of its unwieldy plot machinations , Inherent Vice 's smoky Californian atmosphere is guaranteed to rouse your senses .
Inherent Vice does gets over-entangled , but , despite the pot haze , a credible plot emerges and Anderson chalks up another triumph .
Watching Paul Thomas Anderson 's wonderfully textured and intricate LA-set Inherent Vice , you are easily reminded of the famous story about Howard Hawks ' version of The Big Sleep .
Not knowing quite where the joke is does n't stop us from finding it funny , any more than confusion should preclude our wistful appreciation .
Paul Thomas Anderson 's Inherent Vice provides a rush of pure hallucinogenic pleasure , but its logic is mighty hard to follow .
The less you try to figure out Anderson 's rambling , mesmerising mystery , the better . Just relax and let this beautiful , haunting , hilarious , chaotic , irritating and possibly profound tragicomedy wash over you .
As rich and strange as we 've come to expect from the `` late '' Anderson films , but does n't quite achieve the digressive whackadoo majesty of the novel .
A delirious triumph : a stylish-squared meeting of creative minds , a swirl of hypnosis and symbiosis , with Pynchon 's prose partly assigned to a narrating character and partly diversified into funky dialogue exchanges .
How will this play in the non-Pynchon community ? Not at all , sez us . But for the converted or the plain curious , it 's something to see , if not cherish .
The film 's charms and strengths are undeniable ... but none of it is enhanced by the bloated last hour , or the logy overall pace .
It 's a noble failure , felt all the more because Anderson 's films are usually so aesthetically and thematically rich and rewarding ...
Shot in sun-bleach , faded 35 mm stock , with a view of California deeply entrenched in cinematic folklore , Inherent Vice is an easy film to fall for .
A richly intoxicating brew of humour , violence and melancholy .
Like the Thomas Pynchon novel on which it 's based , Inherent Vice is an anti-thriller , a loose , lunatic , sun-scorched noir that just keeps piling on the madness .
Pynchon and Anderson 's take on this period is more subversive , but also more of a lament than HST 's ether binge .
This is uniquely a Paul Thomas Anderson picture , another expression of his formidable artistry and singular vision .
When you stop looking at the forest , you 'll see the beauty in the trees .
An unstructured , atmospheric affair ostensibly designed to appeal to folks nostalgic for the hedonistic hippie era .
A detective story in which a skunky marijuana fog replaces the acrid haze of gun smoke and the spill of stems and seeds is more likely than the spill of blood .
Anderson moves further from conventional storytelling with each new film , and closer to something more intuitive , more damning , more true . He has n't made it there yet . God help us when he does .
First things first : the plot does n't matter . It it all adds up to a breathtaking achievement - my pick for the best film of 2014 .
I had a lot of fun watching this .
It 's a convoluted mess that 's too long and stocked with too many characters , all talking in drug-induced non sequiturs . Yet there 's something inherently intriguing about it that 's tough to shake .
Anderson 's protagonists long for something different - prosperity , virility , respect , love . For Doc , it 's a day when , as Jim Morrison said , `` everything was simpler & more confused . '' His pursuit is witty , wise , ambitious & close to stoned immaculate .
It 's an oddball movie about a bunch of oddballs .
Pardon me for not indulging filmmaker Paul Thomas Anderson again . `` Inherent Vice '' is shamefully incoherent and a waste of talent .
This is n't for the mainstream at all . Instead , Inherent Vice is for the die-hard P.T. Anderson fan , the kind of fan that studies every frame of his films .
With so little at stake and a plot that only kind-of-sort-of makes any sense , what Anderson has accomplished is the cinematic equivalent of being stoned -LRB- or so I 'm told -RRB- .
Inherent Vice locates a mystery worthy of Sam Spade and Philip Marlowe and basically sends in Cheech and Chong to crack the case .
... a dreamy movie that 's all about the textures , the flat valley light glancing off the David Hockney planes . It 's a movie that revels in its moviedom even as it replicates , in a very naturalistic way , a particular time and place .
A dense and dreamy trip to the end of the 1960s .
Over this 2.5-hour movie 's long haul , the nowhere-bound plot strands do n't congeal .
Ignore the stoner humor and hackneyed clichés and appreciate the mood and setting of this most neo of the neo-noirs .
Less a whodunit than a `` What the heck ? '' Inherent Vice imparts a kind of contact high from all the befuddling developments and absurd characterizations .
Despite previously proving he has the ability to juggle lots of characters in multiple storylines , Anderson fumbles a bit here . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
Instead of melting into the holes of the story like so much warm butter , the audience gets scraped across Anderson 's room-temperature toast . There 's no chemical reaction , which has the effect of leaving the audience cold .
Although Inherent Vice looks good enough to justify the price of seeing it in a theater , it 's the rare movie that feels as though it were made to be viewed from a beanbag chair .
Vice will be remembered as minor Anderson . But even greats can use a romp or two in their oeuvres .
Some storylines conclude , some collide , others dissipate . But the film 's main crime is this : It 's boring .
Joaquin Phoenix is perfectly cast as the perpetually befuddled Doc , a private detective of sorts who immerses himself in pot in the Los Angeles of 1970 .
Like waves in the ocean , you have to let this stuff flow over you , man . The film is fuzzy . It 's not going to give all it can give on first watch , and for many that will be annoying as hell ... One of the best films of the year
Although it 's not as hermetic and impenetrable as The Master , Inherent Vice still comes off as a giant inside joke to anyone who has n't read Pynchon 's novel .
I 've read the novel and seen the movie twice , and I 've given up worrying about the plot . It does n't matter .
Great acting salts this complex mystery involving drug-addled bottom feeders in 1970s Los Angeles . It goes nowhere but typical of Paul Thomas Anderson , nowhere is riveting .
The filmmaker paints a blurry picture of a doped-up dope on a quest to find , well , I do n't know . More drugs ? Himself ? Closure ? Does Doc even know , or care ? Should we ?
The film becomes something of a meandering mess of scenes that never adds up to a cohesive whole , stretching on and on for an unforgivable two and a half hours .
Paddling upstream with a mystery that 's not terribly convincing , focusing on characters simply deployed for oddity , and welcoming an indulgent run time that 's bruising when the picture stops for no reason whatsoever .
There 's nothing at stake in the plot , and the characters are self-contained oddball units that do n't really interrelate-they 're just amusing kooks .
An undervalued gem ripening and enduring with age and perspective , destined for rediscovery .
Directed and written by Paul Thomas Anderson and starring Joaquin Phoenix are usually words that guarantee awesomeness . Not this time .
The movie plays everything for laughs , but there 's a serious layer somewhere way down deep .
Inherent Vice is a sun-glared , neon-limned muddle of noir plotline and potheaded jokery that not only does n't make sense , but actually seems to try hard not to .
Inherent Vice is a major stumble from a major filmmaker .
Anderson 's impeccable casting and music choices are captivating , and there is an amusing contrast between his attention to every detail and the convoluted storyline .
Even repeated readings of Pynchon 's books do n't guarantee a complete enlightenment . That means it 's the chase that is more fascinating than the discovery , an approach that Andesron used in writing his screenplay and making the movie .
Anderson is an auteur 's auteur , and his movies are always lovingly shot and uniquely conceived . `` Inherent Vice '' is no different .
A stoner 's delight that is part fever dream and part bad trip , Inherent Vice is a dark and wickedly wild neo-noir romp . But it 's also a thing of unusual density and often incoherence .
Inherent Vice is a superbly controlled burst of chaos , a madcap masterwork that understands well the value of letting an audience wonder without leading it astray .
A long , slow journey to nowhere .
Each scene introduces a new character with little explanation , all but abandoning the previous new face that was just presented . It 's like that `` Too Many Cooks '' video minus the entertainment value .
I truly wanted to like the film . Unfortunately it is a huge letdown , an almost unbroken and utterly unsuccessful sequence of wrong choices .
My advice ? Relinquish yourself to this hazy tapestry , and let the film take over . Squares need not apply .
Cockamamie , kaleidoscopic , languidly compelling ...
-LSB- Inherent Vice -RSB- takes its own sweet time to get places . And sometimes you might wonder if we actually needed to go to all of those places in the first place .
Inherent Vice does n't seem like a stoner movie in the sense that , say , Up in Smoke is as much as the blue cloud itself .
Patience Required to Appreciate Anderson 's `` Vice . ''
Even with a third eye on your forehead and peyote in your bloodstream , you wo n't be able to follow this long and winding road any better than Doc does .
`` Inherent Vice '' is an aggressively weird movie , which you should take not as a warning but as a compliment and an invitation to see it , to let its stoner vibes wash all over you .
Paul Thomas Anderson 's hippie noir seems completely stoned : inarticulate , confused and prone to giggling at unknown jokes . Pynchon fans might tolerate it .
Both times I saw `` Inherent Vice , '' I experienced roughly the same contradictory responses : delight undercut by puzzlement , followed by a happier sort of puzzlement .
Following the plot is like trying to pin a watermelon seed to the table with your fingertip , where the harder you push , the farther it squirts away . As bonkers and hard to get through as an actual Pynchon novel .
A loopy fever-dream of a movie that recasts the conventions of noir in a blissed-out psychedelic haze .
Wacky , wild and just as loony as Thomas Pynchon 's novel it 's based on .
A run-on sentence of a puzzle of a fog , wonderfully disoriented and right in line with the behind-the-beat curiosity Phoenix brings to Doc .
The picture is all over the map . Nothing coheres .
Even -LRB- or especially -RRB- when it 's completely baffling , Vice is frequently very funny .
Despite the film 's frustrations , it must be acknowledged that Anderson -- a master of the multi-strand , multi-character , multi-meaning plot -- is the perfect director to adapt Pynchon , in terms of both craft and spirit .
Inherent Vice is sensible and senseless , not as much a story as an experience of one .
More than just an adaptation of Thomas Pynchon 's 2009 novel , the film engages with the author 's literature on the whole , attempting a filmic analogue to his virtuosic prose .
A lot of people are going to bend over backwards to give Anderson 's latest a rave review . But all you have to do is watch it alongside Boogie Nights to see how far Inherent Vice falls short .
You should take brownies , instead of popcorn , to Inherent Vice .
While some may find its strange , stream-of-consciousness approach to be grating , others will be enthralled with each and every gorgeously composed frame .
For all its dizzy detachment , the film packs an insidious emotional wallop , one that may not be felt until well after impact .
Some may find it sour and even repulsive , with its pathological anarchy of flavours . Some will find it delicious , in a deliriously exotic manner . Count me in the second camp .
Inherent Vice lives happily on the outer limits , where the noir form and its history are at least as important as the content .
There are people who can resist lines like , ` He forced my little girl to listen to original Broadway cast albums while he had his way with her , ' but I am not one of those people .
You 'll read plenty of comparisons to Robert Altman 's The Long Goodbye or The Big Lebowski by the Coens , but it 's really not doing the same thing either of those films did . This is a singular thing , and it is gorgeous .
Anderson seems to have lost all real pleasure in filmmaking ; he seems to feel it 's a kind of duty now , the weight of his various influences weighing him down and crushing the bright , grasping , sensitive artist who made Boogie Nights and Magnolia .
Ultimately about Doc 's melancholy over his missing `` old lady , '' Shasta Fay Hepworth , whose disappearances and reappearances , of course , bring down an endless stream of clues to the besandaled gumshoe 's shaggy head like a cartoon wall of bricks .
A rare -LRB- and total -RRB- misfire from Paul Thomas Anderson ...
The plot is a sideshow to Inherent Vice 's luxuriant atmosphere , cracked sense of humor , and idiosyncratic characterization .
Inherent Vice '' is often an uproarious trip . It 's like a Big Lebowski with twice the brainpower on more -- and better -- drugs .
It has that much to say to our present moment , while enveloping itself in bygone clouds of patchouli and marijuana .
... an epic crime saga that 's frequently hilarious for those in the right mood . And that mood might require substances to achieve .
Anderson 's great accomplishment here is that he 's created a work where there 's no past , no future -- there only is , man . Groovy .
Too often , the film gets distracted with things to giggle at , and breaks the spell .
This `` sunshine noir '' bakes your brain , in a good way .
Though it 's radically befuddling , the movie is full of surprises , some of them hilarious , inventive , evocative and sexy -LRB- frontal nudity and a copulation scene included -RRB- .
It 's enjoyable , a `` Chinatown '' of its period , but it lacks the transportive psychedelia I expected , playing , and even more oddly often looking , rather flat .
Frustrating but fascinating drama has drugs , sex , language .
It 's as if the film , like many of its characters , is in a constant state of a drug-addled high , unable to remain focused or make sense of anything that 's going on .
Sure , Inherent Vice never fully takes on shape , but it 's not really supposed to . Accept that when you sit down to it , and you 'll enjoy the contact high .
-LSB- I -RSB- ts own themes come unfortunately and unintentionally too much to bear on the work itself until it collapses under the weight of its disordered , unraveling nature .
I get why some people will love this movie , but for me , sitting through it was an absolute chore .
Anderson brings us tangibly close to the colors and moods and dream horizons of America in the days of Hawks and Doves . We breathe its air and move with its remembered gesticulations at its peculiar pace .
So entertaining and deeply satisfying that you 're immediately struck with the desire to reenter the world as soon as the movie ends .
Treats plot like a rental car : something to be abused and abandoned , squandering a strong start in an orgy of wheel-spinning .
Paul Thomas Anderson 's Inherent Vice is a postcard of the sun going down on California . On second viewing , it was a majestic drift that took me out to sea .
` Inherent Vice ' is a forlorn misfire in all respects .
At first glance , Inherent Vice might seem to be a detective story . Look a little closer , however , and it becomes clear that this is Paul Thomas Anderson 's idea of a comedy .
Hollow and pointless - a better title would have been ` Incoherent Vice . '
There are , of course , two ways to experience Inherent Vice : with the brain on or the brain off . Both work . The latter is a good time , the former more illuminating .
While the film will have very limited appeal for casual moviegoers , Inherent Vice is great genre entertainment for intellectual and/or cinephile types .
-LSB- P.T. Anderson -RSB- is a terrific stylist ... and the scattershot pleasures he 's peddling in ` Inherent Vice ' may well satisfy those who like style more than substance , or maybe who like their style with substances .
`` Inherent Vice '' is n't quite a magnificent as `` There Will Be Blood '' or `` The Master . '' But that just means you 'll only want to rewatch it several times , as opposed to dozens .
-LSB- Paul Thomas Anderson 's new movie -RSB- is a kind of companion piece to Altman 's The Long Goodbye , and it 's the sort of failure that only a director of his talents could make .
So , yes , if you watch inherent Vice as a whodunnit , you 'll be disappointed -- but if you watch not as a whodunnit but rather as a whahappened , it 's a film that 's both funny and freaky , a pitch-perfect portrait of a time that never was .
`` Inherent Vice '' is a film about a stoner which itself seems stoned . This is just one small part of what makes it distinctive .
This is material more apt for a Coen Brothers treatment . Two-and-a-half hours of pretty , Paul Thomas Anderson-sculpted nonsense is a lot to take .
I love Anderson 's ambition , but it is awfully hard to make a movie about a culture adrift that does n't make its audience feel the same . Inherent Vice runs a punishing 148 minutes , not enough of which are funny or sad enough to hold us .
Think of it as a film that 's meant to be experienced , more than fully understood .
Inherent Vice only skirts greatness instead of fully embracing it .
Anderson succeeds in creating a world all its own , rich in atmosphere and detail ... Phoenix holds the film together with his amusing performance as a guy who does n't take himself too seriously .
Trying to pare back Pynchon without killing the joke was the challenge . Anderson has done a remarkable job of replicating the crazy kaleidoscope of crime , dope and raunch the novelist conjured .
Inherent Vice , brilliantly scored by Jonny Greenwood , is an Anderson head trip , impure jazz with a reverb that can leave you dazed , confused and even annoyed . But at no time do you doubt that you are in the hands of a master .
Since most of Paul Thomas Anderson 's Inherent Vice was meant to be impenetrable , the best approach , as you watch it drift by , is to savor the dreamy images and druggy jokes and forget about penetrating the plot .
This film -LSB- is -RSB- one that must be seen again , if not to better understand it , then to remember the sweet feeling of reveling in its haze .
Anderson , as always , knows exactly what he 's doing with the camera . Scenes are often staged in the haze of smoke or fog ; sometimes characters are introduced late into the frame , or action happens just out of it .
Mr. Anderson has condensed the book with surgical precision , ditching certain subplots , characters and locales while retaining the novel 's sociopolitical tug , barbed asides and chokingly funny details .
The fact that perhaps 90 percent of the dialogue comes from Pynchon poses an authorship question that does n't exist with Anderson 's other movies . Still , the deftness with comedy and actors are at a level that few filmmakers working today could achieve .
Phoenix 's extraordinary performance pulls the movie 's infinite strands together . But this twisty tale takes so many foggy turns that you 'll want to approach it with a plan .
Inherent Vice is half-baked Raymond Chandler . With too much emphasis on the baked part .
`` Inherent Vice , '' meandering even by Anderson 's standards , is easily the worst of his movies , a soporific 2 / ₂ - hour endurance test .
The names pile up , the narrative becomes harder to untangle , and it all feeds into an atmosphere that mixes dread and wistfulness .
Anderson had long wanted to adapt Pynchon -- this marks the first movie to do so . Is it successful ? That depends on what you demand from an L.A. detective mystery .
A huge relief , as if a giant gas bubble had finally , with great effort , reached the surface of the pond with a cathartic blurp .
Paul Thomas Anderson 's Thomas Pynchon 's adaptation is a spot on stoner story that 's just a little too in love with itself .
Wild and often hilarious . I bet it gets even better the second time around
... a witty , bleak and affectionate riff on the gumshoe genre .
Like a Wes Anderson attempt to make a Paul Thomas Anderson movie of a Thomas Pynchon novel -- it works ... for a while .
`` Inherent Vice '' is not only the first Pynchon movie ; it could also , I suspect , turn out to be the last . Either way , it is the best and the most exasperating that we 'll ever have .
By far , 2014 's biggest disappointment .
Inherent Vice is confounding , challenging and consistently unique .
A wildly entertaining , beautiful and hypnotic puzzler from a towering talent , Inherent Vice proves to be so much more than just the best film of the year - though it is that too .
Seedy , drug-fueled , and absent any type of sense we 're used to in film , Inherent Vice is a film destined to divide any audience that watches it .
Picture a Las Vegas buffet - there 's too much stuff on your plate , and a lot of it is stale chunks of melon . But then you come to the counter where they 're serving the crab legs , and for a moment , it is the best thing ever .
A modern day The Big Sleep . If you 've seen The Big Sleep , you 'll recall it 's very well done with great performances , but you 'd be hard pressed to explain how Philip Marlowe -LRB- Humphrey Bogart -RRB- solves the mystery .
There 's an inherent wisdom to Inherent Vice that escapes the groovy episodes , farcical humor and pea soup atmosphere , and transforms a nearly perfect piece of entertainment into something truly powerful .
-LSB- D -RSB- oes n't necessarily make for a good way to spend almost three hours of your day . Inherent Vice is ultimately akin to listening to a stoner tell a long , complicated story while you 're staying clean .
Never quite transcending the sum of its agreeably disparate parts , IV is less groovy than gnarled and goofy , but in a studied way . Call it an acquired taste with a kinky savor .
Inherent Vice has a dazzling and often entertaining atmosphere of debasement , like a smiley face rotting from the inside . Yet there 's a real limit to its pleasure .
The confusion on the ground , in the air , and in the mind is so thick with smoke and mirrors that reality and illusion are not different the one from the other in the foggy smoggy purple haze .
I ca n't wait to see it again .
Immersive and occasionally incoherent , stoner mystery Inherent Vice is a bold step for filmmaker Paul Thomas Anderson that unfortunately does n't match the brilliance of his earlier films .
A jaunty screen adaptation of Thomas Pynchon 's comic 2009 novel about the demise of the hippie era of free love and pot-happy endings .
It 's actually less coherent than Pynchon , no small feat . It 's not shallow , though .
As with Magnolia and Punch-Drunk Love , the director has created another vivid Los Angeles , one that does n't lean too hard on its pop-culture references to TV 's Adam-12 or Neil Young 's gentle Harvest album .
Like a coke addict , who believes his mile-a minute nonsensical babbling is amusing , Inherent Vice outstays its welcome by at least two hours .
Pynchon 's book translates to the screen with a wandering narrative that 's as muddled as it is endearing .
Makes Howard Hawks ' legendarily confusing ` The Big Sleep ' look like a model of narrative coherence .
Psychedelic & substantive , PTA illuminates the '70s with a vibrant crime story carried by the audacious Joaquin Phoenix .
Even in the moment of watching it , Inherent Vice , feels like a half-remembered dream .
Anderson 's seventh feature film is a groovy , richly funny stoner romp .
Ask not where the film is leading ; that 's hardly the point . The plot amounts to an arrangement of red herrings and besides , solutions are for squares .
Offers a only a pale and narrow physical recreation of such a vibrant place and time .
It requires fierce concentration , possibly several viewings .
a hilariously complex stoner noir that weaves around its massive web of characters utilizing a tone that 's at times overtly slapstick , yet also deeply spiritual and romantic .
The dangers of filmmakers trying to replicate a golden era rather than embrace the present are part and parcel of Inherent Vice , but the ramifications are political as well .
It 's a daffier venture , like Boogie Nights and Punch-Drunk Love , looser and friendlier , but not easier to dismiss .
`` A hilarious , but melancholy and intuitive stoner noir that leaves much to contemplate . ''
Not being able to follow the plot grants a kind of freedom , allowing you to soak up the vivid atmosphere and dwell on the performances , wordplay and copious visual gags without needing to figure who 's doing what and/or to whom .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- The best thing the movie does is that it reminds us that we too will wither and die - some sooner than later . Eat some pizza . Smoke a bowl . Any of those experiences will far surpass the one you will have watching `` Inherent Vice . ''
Inherent Vice is a little too zonked , meandering and overly long , an ultimately pointless story told by a stoned person .
Let 's start this off with a reward offering . I 'll pay anyone $ 20 if they can explain to me , in detail , the full plot and synopsis of `` Inherent Vice , '' front to back . That 's a good place to start , eh ?
While it 's certainly a sideways move after the astonishing The Master , one could argue that Anderson 's earned himself the right to take a break , smoke up and giggle .
P.T. Anderson 's most uninspired work to date and mostly a worthless waste of time .

@highlight

Inherent Vice may prove frustrating for viewers who demand absolute coherence , but it does justice to its acclaimed source material -- and should satisfy fans of director P.T. Anderson .