The pulse of spy films so rarely comes from such meticulously detailed verbal and body-language suspense . Here , every conversation is a possible trap , inquiries feel like interrogations , responses and reactions could be lethal tells .
An espionage thriller which focuses on strong character development , performances and setting , Breach could have been a contender had it not been for the ill informed depictions of the characters Catholic faith .
... a slow-paced character study that benefits substantially from Chris Cooper 's downright astounding performance ...
Muffles suspense and dilutes tension without turning into a distanced approach
Stvarni svijet se u `` Pukotini '' , kao i u mnogo drugih slu % u010Dajeva , pokazao previ % u0161e kompliciranim za dogmatsku jednostavnost i nedostatak suptilnosti dana % u0161njeg Hollywooda .
Breach , a slow-burn thriller told from the inside out instead of the outside in , is not a great film . But it could have been . It will have to settle for being simply a very good film .
Cooper gives a great performance as a man now spending 23 hours a day in solitary confinement , serving a life sentence without the prospect of probation .
Enjoyable , slow-burning thriller with an intelligent script and strong performances from its two leads .
Breach is slow , but never ponderous , and not at all like your average spy thriller . It has less obvious thrills and more depth .
Breach rarely treads new ground , but the set pieces are used so sparingly and with such focus on the central characters , the movie reaches a degree of tension you might not think possible .
Cooper is always dead-bang on
A sombre game of cat-and-mouse . What it lacks in genuine tension it amply compensates in the understated performances of the two leads .
Intriguing and intelligent , Breach may be too understated for its own good .
An interestingly told tale : melancholy , thoughtful , and very un-American .
Chris Cooper , who won an Oscar for his supporting role in Adaptation , gives a brilliant poker-faced performance as Hanssen and Ryan Phillippe is also convincing as O'Neill .
Despite a couple of tense set pieces , the suspense needed to ignite this film is disappointingly lacking .
In the face of such a towering performance from Cooper , Phillippe keeps his end up while Laura Linney , as his handler , delivers the kind of turn we 've come to expect from one of America 's finest movie actresses .
An effective and meticulous character drama , Breach does n't quite make the most of its story but still tells a fascinating tale , aided by Chris Cooper 's magnetic central performance .
Slow-burning and sombre , Breach wo n't be for everyone . But it 's worth catching for Cooper 's performance , while its fact-based tale of treachery will strike a chord in today 's climate of suspicion .
Tense , fascinating , worthwhile .
Despite a career-best turn from Chris Cooper , however , Breach is a weirdly muted affair .
Cold and cerebral , with simmering suspense rather than outright excitement , this is a feel-the-quality-of-the-acting movie . It ca n't answer all sorts of questions , but does take a scary mug shot of a subtle monster .
Oferecendo uma performance densa e repleta de complexidade , Cooper ajuda o filme a se recuperar de uma estrutura narrativa que parece ter o propósito de minar qualquer tensão ou surpresa .
click for full review
General audiences might find the film too cerebral or talky , but it was refreshing to finally see a spy film that was n't trying to be Bourne again .
A more subtle character study about the inexplicability and inevitability of the darker of human tendencies .
Its title reads like a John Grisham pot-boiler , but it 's much more than that . Along with a good sized dollop of intrigue , we are also treated to a fascinating character study .
Get ready to hold your breath - this intelligently told story is filled with tension and fascinating at every turn .
Ray réussit à traiter d'une façon terre-à-terre , mais néanmoins fort efficace , ses enjeux sociaux et politiques sans jamais les ensevelir sous une inutile couche d'artifices .
Ultimately , the movie soars because of the inspired casting of Chris Cooper as Hanssen .
... it is Cooper 's brilliance , letting us see the uncontrollable rage behind a controlled façade , that makes director Billy Ray 's spy flick so engrossing .
An entertaining character study and a glimpse at history as well , `` Breach '' will intrigue even viewers who normally are n't drawn to stories of , well , intrigue .
The best thing to happen to Chris Cooper since he lost his teeth .
Breach builds toward a few crucial moments where we get inside the mind of a turncoat long enough to sense his arrogance as well as his acrid despair .
Slow and steady , sure-handed and gripping .
Breach has the facts and shape of real events ; it also has real excitement and true craft behind it , which is just one part of the reason why it 's such a pleasure to watch .
Would have benefited from more character development and visual drama -- a psychological thriller that rarely provokes the intellect and offers little pulse-racing action .
How much of this script is fact and how much dramatic license is not known , but what is known is that Breach is riveting cinema .
Something like The Devil Wears Prada for boys , Breach boasts terrific acting , a deftly written screenplay , and all the visual pizzazz of a made-for-cable movie .
We get bits and pieces of Hanssen 's personality -- his suspiciousness , his need to test everyone around him , his dual penchants for both rage and self-righteousness , and his condescending arrogance -- but it never fully comes together .
It 's spy vs. spy in the new thriller `` Breach , '' though only one spy knows that something truly is afoot . The other is left to suspect , with the film 's formidable tension mounting from his growing suspicion .
... a showcase for its two main actors .
A riveting fact-based drama about an American spy who betrayed his country and at the same time was a devout Catholic .
The `` big picture '' Hanssen sees is informed by deep convictions regarding patriotism and ethical order . It 's the same picture his fellows see , just slightly adjusted .
It 's a daunting task , but Ray manages to keep the entire affair focused on unraveling thread after thread of Hanssen .
Chris Cooper playing the traitor Robert Hanssen is most of the show . He gets an excellent opportunity to show off his fine talent as a very strange man who is a mass of contradictions .
-LRB- Chris Cooper -RRB- is the principal reason why this unspectacular , low-key study of the Hanssen national security fiasco is so effective .
Breach follows The Good Shepherd as the second outstanding spy-thriller released by Universal within the last two months . Shepherd was terrific . Breach is even better .
Cooper -LSB- works -RSB- hard to provide any psychological subtext to the story behind the headlines .
Breach is a very good film with a lot of strong elements ; had it exploited those elements a little more , it would have been a great film .
Compulsory viewing .
A compelling character study of a man whose ego took down his career , and very nearly much more .
The Spy Who Catechized Me
It 's stunning how much drama Breach is able to evoke with only a few , angry words .
-LSB- I -RSB- f writer/director Billy Ray was looking for someone to show how the in-over-his-head O'Neill contrasted the wily Hanssen , Phillippe ends up being a perfect choice .
The script is intelligent and Ray 's direction solid ... Performances are top-notch , especially from Cooper ... and the low-key cinematography and music serve the material well .
The cast exquisitely play the complete and complex characters with Chris Cooper at the top of his game .
Cooper is superb , hard as granite , dense as an imploding black hole .
While possibly too early to create the needed Oscar buzz for 2008 , Cooper deserves to be remembered at this time next year . He 's that good .
It is refreshing to see a film centered on intelligent adults .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Ray -LRB- `` Shattered Glass '' -RRB- made the paper pursuit of plagiarism more thrilling than espionage .
With remarkably simple and effective performances by Ryan Phillippe as O'Neill and Chris Cooper as Hanssen , Breach is a slow , thoughtful duet for two very different , but equally impressive men , both complex and ` real . '
The gamesmanship going on in the heads of Cooper and Phillippe makes Breach intensely involving .
Chris Cooper 's performance stands out in Breach .
Ray 's careful emphasis on authenticity over thrills and psychology over action is impeded by this narrative 's narrow window : there 's so much we ca n't know about what Hanssen did and why .
Ray 's impression of the real Hanssen remains frighteningly opaque .
Chris Cooper 's portrayal is so touching that one can not help feeling sympathy for the man .
When your false spy rings the truest , there 's a problem .
Breach is competently made but , aside from Cooper 's performance , there 's nothing here worth getting excited about .
With the war in Iraq still raging and general international unrest looming around every corner , audiences are less interested in glib , glossy , brawny takes on the spy world .
A subtle , suspenseful espionage thriller
A well-paced , intelligent thriller that 's easily the most pleasant surprise of the year so far .
An uncompromising study in the gradual decay of a soul .
Though you know from the start just how it 's going to end , Breach , based on the true story of a treasonous FBI operative , is an edge-of-the-seat thriller .
When Cooper is on screen it 's mesmerizing .
Breach is a movie tailor-made for the age of intelligence failure .
Subtle , complex , bleakly funny at times , but always utterly enveloping , one of the great studies in profoundly abnormal psychology .
One of the best elements of this lean , tense and coolly believable story about the internal hunt for FBI turncoat Robert Hanssen is how its visual style and dearth of formulaic structural ingredients run counter to almost any other spy movie .
Breach suffers from lavishing so much attention on a relatively minor figure .
Despite limits , the story has traction and grip . As Hanssen plays out his fate , truly worshipping nothing but his own importance , we enjoy the pressures so bracingly incarnated by Chris Cooper .
Just when you 're thinking every new American film belongs in the Bomb Squad , along comes Breach to win one for our side .
Breach gets considerable power from the brilliant Cooper , who generates an incredibly complex and multi-layered portrayal of Hanssen . It 's the first great performance of 2007 .
A solid feat of filmmaking across the board , Breach brings a long-awaited end to the drought of good movies at the multiplex .
A riveting true-life thriller about the young FBI specialist who got the goods on the veteran agent selling secrets to Moscow .
The movie gives us counter-espionage without the Bourne or Bond embellishments , and superb acting from Cooper , Phillippe and Linney .
Smart , plausible , well-crafted and filled with moments of real drama .
Cooper 's performance is fine . The script , however , is filled with dead-end tangents and unanswered questions .
Though it 's being dumped in the wastelands in February , Breach is better than many of the pack of so-called prestige movies that were released at the end of last year .
A sharp cat-and-mouse game between Hanssen and Eric O'Neill -LRB- Ryan Phillippe -RRB- , the agent/trainee assigned to spy on him .
Breach is never less than interesting , engaging and intelligently told .
The enigma of Hanssen keeps the film as fresh and crisp as an FBI agent 's white dress shirt .
It feels like a taut spy thriller , the intellectual answer to The Bourne Identity .
This tale of betrayal and loyalty , of spiritual awakening and the subtle encroachment of evil , and of bureaucratic foul ups is laid out in a sober and detailed structure , though it lacks the tense-filled moments needed for a thrilling spy drama .
Filled with tension , deception and bravura acting , Breach is a crackling tale of real-life espionage that doubles as a compelling psychological drama .
A rare spy thriller , one that is more about true psychological suspense than espionage games .
Phillippe and Cooper remind us that real espionage is n't about chases and gunplay but about the duplicity of the human personality .
Breach , not unlike The Good Shepherd , is a flat film . All the action plays out in the same grey fashion , with few emotional ups or downs , little tension and no real surprises .
I can imagine no better man -LSB- than Chris Cooper -RSB- to play the enigma at the center of Breach .
It 's all about chemistry , and Cooper and Phillippe have it .
A thriller with no thrills , a true story minus a single interesting truth , a real-life tale with all the fascination scraped off to leave only a residue of tedious facts .
Tense , understated and often funny spy thriller about a real-life CIA traitor .
Breach is the sort of studiously serious , well-made , based-on-fact film that critics go crazy for and audiences find earnestly dull and eminently avoidable .
Breach is a good cloak-and-dagger tale and telling this complex story through O'Neill proves a brilliant way to watch Hanssen 's schemes unravel .
A spellbinding real-life suspense thriller so incredible that even Hollywood could n't make it up .
Better-focused than The Good Shepherd , and its story is more interesting .
We know from the outset that Hanssen , brilliantly played by Chris Cooper , is guilty . What we do n't know is how the FBI caught him , and that 's what director Billy Ray 's carefully detailed and absorbing movie tells us .
It 's not just that Breach looks terrific compared with the dreck Hollywood has thrown on screen so far this year , though there is that . No , Breach has the early-season intelligence and intriguing casting of last year 's Inside Man .
This is n't one of those labyrinthine works of deception that doubles back on itself at every turn . Breach is content to tell a strong story with the utmost efficiency and let its cast do the heavy lifting .
About the only thing ineffective about Breach is the humdrum title . Everything else in this smart thriller works like a perfectly crafted Latin Square puzzle .
Former FBI agent Robert Hanssen is now serving a life sentence for his long career as a Russian and Soviet spy , but this rote thriller implies he should have done prison time just for being Catholic .
Cooper captures all of -LSB- Hanssen 's -RSB- complexities and more , encapsulating in one performance a hard-assed boss , exasperated techno geek , amusing old-fashioned conservative and loving family man .
tersely written and directed ... Although there are suspenseful sequences in this compelling story , Ray and Cooper concentrate on the moral confusion surrounding the key players in the Hanssen scandal .
Rather than being a high-action thriller , Breach is more of a slow burn through the night .
There 's precious little espionage where we can see it , and that 's what makes the movie such a compelling and eerily effective little drama .
Powerhouse performances by Chris Cooper and Laura Linney highlight this taut political thriller .
He 's a fascinating character , a villain for the ages full of pained pathos and unknown interior machinations just by walking into a room the man ca n't help but send a chill straight up your spine .
... the first really interesting film of this still new year .
Ray is n't beyond teasing out implications from his true stories , but he 's also smart enough to know where to quit , allowing the viewer to resolve the whys and wherefores .
A movie of rare integrity , designed and staged with a plain naturalism that , in the early stages of the film , may be mistaken for a lack of imagination .
a finely crafted work that combines a quiet , conversation-rich spy thriller with a pair of solid character studies by Cooper and Phillippe .
The thriller Breach manages to excite and unnerve despite our knowing the ending .
Being an FBI Agent is mostly slow , detailed , boring , monotonous , tedious work , which aptly describes watching this film .
a very good movie with great acting , but it needed a bit of pizzazz to make it a movie you ca n't miss .
Heavens , this is a film about two guys in suits talking for 110 minutes . How could there be such tension ? Breach is something of a cinematic miracle in the way it uses silence as a deadly weapon .
This is one of the more engaging spy stories to come along over the past few years and genre fans should eat it up .
It 's smart , it does n't pander , and it keeps us intrigued from start to finish .
turns the espionage thriller into something that stresses the quiet moments over superfluous explosions
An actor who excels at what I call `` quiet strength , '' Cooper often says more with his eyes then with his mouth
The picture is suspenseful where it counts , and at times , it 's truly terrifying . There were moments that made my skin crawl .
Much of the movie is suspenseful and director Billy Ray deserves credit for getting such a challenging espionage tale through the Hollywood studio system with so few compromises to the current dictates of big-budget filmmaking .
A restrained and respectable look at what might be the single least interesting aspect of a stunning true story .
This is one smart thriller : it lets you draw your own conclusions , assumes you 're connected enough to current events to understand the context in which it occurs ...
Though director Ray provides a few choice moments of psychological tension , nothing in his film can hope to outpace the anxiety caused by the appearance of former Attorney General John Ashcroft in its opening scene .
Without Cooper 's performance , Breach would have been a good , workmanlike thriller . His presence lifts it to a whole new level .
Breach is the strangely punchless story of a sting operation aimed at netting the biggest traitor/spy in recent U.S. history .
Chris Cooper is the whole , haunted show in Breach .
Tense , well executed psyhcological thriller .
Because this espionage thriller is based on true events , it 's a given that the bad guy will be caught . But -LSB- director -RSB- Ray builds an intriguing maze around the how , seen through the eyes of the audience 's proxy , a young FBI man sent to spy on a colleague .
As he proved with Shattered Glass and as he proves again with Breach , director Billy Ray has become the John Ford of Washington culture .
Reese Witherspoon has already done what would need to be done to make Breach a better film : Kick Ryan Phillippe to the curb .
The film informs us that most of the information is still classified , so perhaps the filmmakers should have waited until they had more to work with .
A quietly fascinating and intelligent story about betrayal .
You begin to suspect the FBI may be the world 's most boring bunch of crime busters during Breach , a movie that urgently asserts itself as a spy thriller .
After the lumbering self-importance of The Good Shepherd , this lean , self-effacing portrait of an organizational black sheep is welcome .
If you do n't see enough of personality-deficient paper-pushers and sterile office environments on your daily rounds , this film will offer just what you 've been missing .
This unconventional thriller tells us up front who the bad guy is and what happened to him in 2001 . Then we puzzle out bits of his personality while watching Eric O'Neill , the agent assigned to catch him , go through a crisis of conscience .
Set in a fantasy vision of the corridors of power , Billy Ray generates a hollow spy drama based on the true story of the capture of the FBI 's most detrimental traitor .
Breach becomes a one-man show , and even though , thanks to -LSB- Chris -RSB- Cooper , it 's quite a show , spy thrillers depend on the kind of give-and-take conspicuously missing here .
A member of the Religious Right involved in something duplicitous sexually and politically , while shrouding themselves in a holy water-soaked American flag ? I know , it seems impossible .
Much like Hanssen himself , Breach , which was co-written and directed by Billy Ray , remains cool to the touch , and all the more queasily fascinating for it .
... suspenseful and calculating . As a stimulating thriller padded with cynical mind games , Breach flourishes with its vivid dosage of prestige and paranoia .
A compelling piece of fictional journalism , blending real elements and storytelling with a rare finesse .
Expertly crafted , if slightly pedestrian , docudrama , more quietly intriguing than compellingly dramatic -LSB- but -RSB- sparked by Cooper 's bravura turn .
... has a mole of its own , someone working against the movie right under its nose .
Absolutely fascinating and completely engrossing .
Chris Cooper is amazing as always : amusingly grumpy , increasingly creepy and , ultimately , oddly affecting .
An unusually smart , tense and engaging film amid the usual dreck that lands in theaters this time of year .
Breach , a movie about trust and betrayals and one where you know what happens in the end , still keeps you on the edge of your seat the entire time .
In truth , the movie leaves us scratching our heads . And yet , for most of it , I was held -- by Chris Cooper 's dour portrayal of walled-off demons , by the director 's fascination with a deception that , on the surface of it , does n't add up .
What really animates Breach is the question : How much wrong are you willing and able to do in order to uncover somebody else 's wrongdoing ?
Breach is a tough , bare-knuckle look at the new cyber-terrorism that holds you captive from start to finish .
two men playing off each other , everything they say working on more than one level and those levels changing with every exchange , sometimes with every line of conversation is where the film is at its best and most engrossing
An exciting thriller of the mind-game variety played vigorously by an exceptionally smart ensemble without blood , bombs or bombast .
The best thing that can be said about Breach is that it is n't directed by Tony Scott .
A wonderfully taut cat-and-mouse thriller . It features a performance by Chris Cooper , as the eccentric , contradictory Hanssen , that ought to be remembered as one of the year 's best come December .
It 's not interested in cheap thrills or playing gotcha with the audience . -LRB- Which is n't to say parts of it are n't exhilarating . -RRB-
He was a dangerous traitor , but more important , a stiff-necked , blowhard bore .
As he proved in Shattered Glass , Ray has a talent for nailing the essence of an ecosystem .
The unexciting look and feel of the movie would n't have bothered me if the filmmakers had penetrated Hanssen 's skull a little .
Just as somber as The Good Shepherd , the most recent domestic spy drama , but more tightly focused , Breach absorbingly zeroes in on how the FBI nailed the most damaging turncoat in American history .
Breach , based on actual CIA and FBI history , meticulously scrutinizes the real world of spies to draw scary portraits of deadly , unpleasant people .
As a follow-up to Shattered Glass , this fact-based thriller is a logical step for Billy Ray since both films deal with trust and betrayal , except that here the scope is wider and the goal more ambitious and political .






@highlight

Powered by Chris Cooper 's masterful performance , Breach is a tense and engaging portrayal of the FBI 's infamous turncoat .