If AMERICAN MARY has flaws-which I 'm sure it does-they 're dwarfed . I was having such a good time , I chose to ignore them . Hell , some of my best , most beautiful and interesting friends are flawed . That 's what makes them so unforgettable .
One of the strangest , darkest , and most confident `` female-centric '' horror flicks in quite some time .
A sensational opening makes the disappointing final act hurt all the more as American Mary falls in a heap in its final act .
Katharine Isabelle dominates the screen from the minute we meet her , and delivers a masterful performance .
The almost excessively uneven narrative does , in the end , cancel out the effectiveness of the film 's positive attributes ...
Alt horror about a Seattle surgery drop-out is a mediocre specimen of the Canadian kinky flesh genre of `` Antiviral , '' `` Crash '' and `` Kissed . '' End credits say `` For Eli Roth . ''
Watching Mary 's unpleasant journey is intriguing and each character having identifiable quirks is a strong point , but unfortunately American Mary is n't really anything all that special otherwise .
Sexy and delightfully deadpan , Katharine Isabelle absolutely kills it as loner med student Mary , so passionate about perfecting her surgical skills that she spends her evenings suturing turkey flesh .
Alternately creepy and languid , incisive and aimless , American Mary examines a provocative subject , heralding the duo as a couple of the genre 's next great voices - that is , as soon as their follow-through proves as strong as their set-up .
Creepy , perverted , disgusting fright flick filled with horrific imagery .
A mindless exercise in sadism that 's neither scary nor a guilty pleasure .
Try as the sisters might , American Mary is neither scary or funny .
Writer-directors Jen and Sylvia Soska do n't seem to have their material completely under control , but they 've created a worthy entry in the Freaks school of cult cinema .
Given its many failings , nothing short of an extreme makeover could save American Mary . Scalpel , please .
American Mary is the newest addition to a long list of horror films about disturbed and disturbing doctors , and it 's a worthy one .
Filmmakers display a burgeoning talent that should be exciting to watch develop in future endeavors , especially if they stick close to the beat of their black hearts , eschewing the temptation of screenwriting templates .
The filmmakers certainly exaggerate -LRB- i.e. exploit -RRB- their subject , but for a community that prides itself on shock value , there seems no sufficient alternative .
This is truly a cut above .
Writer-director siblings Jen and Sylvia Soska allow their film to turn slack and unfocused after an enticingly lurid , wickedly tense first half .
It 's a truly interesting slasher fest ; in this one , the heroine gets to be both beauty and beast .
Combines gore , quiet dread , feminist conviction and a visual classicism , often using a red palette , with impressive , unbelabored dexterity .
The Soska Sisters have directed a sharp , smartly acted and squirmy motion picture .
The acting is uniformly dreadful . The level of incompetence in both writing and direction is a scream .
The movie sags after Mary 's weak-willed acquiescence to crime , instantly turning her into a dull-eyed monster .
American Mary is a mostly gore-and-freakiness delivery system , and that 's fine if it 's your thing , especially if you do n't mind a frustrating plot that does n't conclude so much as suture itself shut .
If you believe in the artistry of horror - and its ability to be bold , provocative , and daring - then this is a movie that demands your immediate attention .
While the film has its problems , there is a lot to like here for die-hard horror fans and body mod enthusiasts .
American Mary is surely a psychotic look into the world of body modification , but flatlines all too quickly to engage audiences completely .
If these loose threads and underdeveloped aspects leave American Mary less than fully satisfying , it 's still a novel ride that confidently mixes horror , humor and offbeat character fillips .
American Mary is not a great film , but it 's a great deal of fun .
The story is seriously revolting as it delves into grisly themes without much point while never quite connecting the narrative dots .
Once in a while , a mould-breaking horror movie signals the arrival of a unique talent : doubly so in this case , since this bracingly perverse ` body modification ' tale was made by Canadian twins Jen and Sylvia Soska , aka the Twisted Sisters .
This wo n't break the Soska sisters out beyond their current nerd following , but they have a twisted spark that makes them worth keeping tabs on in future .
-LSB- A -RSB- sleek , cold , emetic body-horror flick ...
pulls off the trick of getting us simultaneously to root for the sideshow attractions & to shrink from the gatekeepers of supposed decency - while , caught somewhere in between , Mary herself becomes a Frankenstein 's monster of self-realisation .
There 's a Coney Island freak show feel to the horrors that unfold , and for a putative self-empowerment tract , it often feels gigglishly prurient .
The problem with American Mary - aside from some pretty atrocious B-movie acting from the support cast - is that it lacks a compelling third act .
The Soska sisters , rightly dubbed the Twisted Twins , have plenty of ideas alright , but are never very certain how to fulfil them cinematically .
-LSB- A -RSB- deliciously dark film dripping with very black humour .
It 's made with gusto , but there 's little dramatic interest for non-enthusiasts .
Enjoyably twisted , stylishly directed horror tale with an engaging , original script and a tremendous central performance from Katharine Isabelle .
There have been some fatuous claims to girl empowerment here ... but this is really on a feminist level with The Spice Girls wielding a surgical bone cutter .
It 's smart , well made , mostly well acted and quirky enough to get a cult following . But you 'll need a stronger stomach than mine to enjoy it .
Katharine Isabelle is phenomenal in one of the most original and politically engaged horrors of recent years , even if the second half is n't a patch on the first .
More a fusion film than a horror movie , American Mary is an unexpected blend of bod-mod horror , revenge thriller and psycho drama , distinguished by a wonderfully still and riveting performance by Katharine Isabelle as Mary , the emerging surgery student
With their up-for-anything leading lady totally synched to their vision , -LSB- The Soska 's -RSB- have crafted a shocking , slyly funny work of baroque modern horror .
American Mary may be very entertaining , but it also leaves viewers with plenty to dissect , right from the first word of its provocative title ... one of the very best films at this year 's FrightFest , and practically guaranteed a lasting cult status .
A wickedly funny bout of body horror that also cuts deep .

@highlight

It suffers a bit from some uneven acting and an underwhelming climax , but American Mary utilizes pitch black humor and striking visuals to deliver gory , freaky thrills for body horror enthusiasts .