The animation is handsome and has a retro cool but , unless they figure out some way to get a story in there , this genre is showing signs of going the way of the musical .
Boring and bedraggled .
Very much in the tradition of Looney Tunes and Termite Terrace .
A foursome of digitally animated zoo animals escape the inner city confines of Manhattan 's Central Park Zoo in search of freedom that 's not be all it 's cracked up to be in this well-defined children 's comedy .
The character design is ugly ; the main characters are often annoying ; the humor is generally weak ; and the computer-generated animation is often soulless .
A shallow attempt at filmmaking and humor .
... an engaging little diversion that maintains its charm with repeat viewing .
Lame scatalogical gags and worn pop-culture parodies abound , but the CGI animation romp is somewhat redeemed by the scene-stealing appearances of several supporting characters .
Amiably entertaining .
A promising premise , a top voice cast and a studio with an impressive track record sets up expectations that Madagascar just ca n't fulfill .
A likeable and loose-limbed addition to the ever-growing CGI family .
Too kiddie-oriented to keep the parents coming back like they have for the likes of the vastly superior Shrek , Nemo and Incredibles films .
I wanted a moral to the story . In Finding Nemo : Do n't let fear rule your life . Shrek : True beauty is on the inside . Madagascar : Do n't eat your friends ?
If we 're not suffering poo-flinging or butt-biting , we get the theme songs from Chariots of Fire and Hawaii Five-O .
Es un ejemplo claro de que la animación todavía tiene mucho que ofrecer , aunque sea de manera sencilla .
What a joy . Just a fun good-hearted film . I giggled nearly the whole time .
Not a bad movie by any stretch of the imagination , but nothing particularly amazing either .
Does n't really live up to the promise that the idea and voice talent deserve . But it 's still spirited , amiable , featherweight summer fun .
It should mostly catch the attention of the younger set , but there are some gags left over for their parents -LRB- lots of slick cultural references and poo yuks -RRB- .
The tenor can be shrill , but there 's no time to get bored . And on top of that , most of the gags actually work .
Outranks any other animated film in recent memory if only for its dedicated avoidance of any and all lessons imparted or learned .
Tries to appeal to both the kiddie crowd and adults at the same time . It misses both targets .
Unlike more adult-themed animated features like `` Beauty and the Beast '' , `` Madgascar '' fails to absorb the audience that will be forced to attend with their children .
Better than Shark Tale but still leagues away from the brilliance of the first Shrek .
Brightly coloured but poorly thought out and generally disappointing comedy , despite the odd funny moment .
A film that is very nearly not very good at all .
Feels as if it has been created from an animator 's template .
The painted backgrounds , basic characters , and distinctive locations all give Madagascar the feel of a Caldecott award-winning book .
Madagascar es una oda a la ciudad rascacielo , pero ...
Lesson learned ? If you 're insufferable , unfunny and charmless in live action , your voice alone is probably just as annoying
Rental material , at best .
For all of its easy jokes about poop and flatulence , the one stinking here is the movie itself .
... works for what it 's shooting for : a generally kid-friendly film that keeps everyone occupied for just under an hour and a half .
Compared to the supporting cast , the central quartet of Madagascar is an annoyance . Dreamworks made the wrong movie .
The characters arrive at Madagascar , and , that 's about it .
Madagascar will unite parents and their tykes with laughter
... surprisingly plain and punchless . Still , Madagascar playfully aims to please its intended viewers -LRB- read : tykes -RRB- with its wandering spirit .
The zaniest zebra and looniest lemurs this side of Shrek 's forest .
Highly recommended for kids and adults .
Ho-hum , ho-hum , another animated flick .
... instead of wild , this movie is mild .
Madagascar is a film that , visually , is quite colorful and lively , but what 's underneath is bland , uninventive , and downright dull .
pleasantly funny and not too hyperextended in trying to cram in pop-culture references , but it loses narrative drive in the second half
Like its jailbreak protagonists , the film grows more ambitious outside the confines of the zoo and truly takes off when the four best friends accidentally wash up on the shores of Madagascar .
Just enjoyable and inoffensive enough to be a pleasant experience that can just as easily be forgotten .
It is winning ; so much fun I ca n't wait to see Madagascar again . Heck , I might even go pick up a stuffed penguin .
Silly and funny and just right for the doldrums I 've been in with the film offerings so far this year .
An unfunny movie with a depressing premise and an unsolvable conflict
Sometimes the line between family fun and cheeky humor gets blurred too far .
Gleefully entertaining fluff with absolutely no depth at all .
Unfortunately , Alex 's instincts kick in , and the whole thing turns to crap . We 've got about two thirds of a brilliant movie here .
If it were up to me , I 'd vote Alex and Marty off the island .
My hat 's off to the directors . They 've given us a funny screen romp the family can enjoy together .
A good time in the jungles below Maromokotro will be had by all .
This animated gem takes a classic fish-out-of-water premise and combines it with a commentary on the power of friendship , life 's natural order and plain goofy fun .
Yet another high-tech , low-laughs computer enterprise .
Forget Jeff Corwin . Forget the Crocodile Hunter . Animal Planet needs to develop a show for Alex , the lion , and his four-legged monochromatic friends .
The whole film feels a little stale .
Lacking any meat on its bones , -LSB- ` Madagascar ' -RSB- is a cartoon about nothing . Not that there 's anything wrong with that .
It paints itself into a very bizarre corner because at first , they are all friends and then all of a sudden they revert to being more like real animals . How do you do that and make it funny ? Well , you do n't .
Pixar is still king of the jungle .
It 's a brisk and lively getaway with genuine personality .
` Madagascar ' is ` A Shark 's Tale ' in lion 's clothing .
Madagascar is solid family entertainment - not the best or most groundbreaking of the genre , but certainly an enjoyable movie that is worth catching .
Offre simplement des rires à profusion
If you 're six , the idea that your best friend might want to eat you is n't so literal or alarming .
The latest entry in the cute-animal-talking-like-Oscar Wilde meets colorful comuter generated animation .
Like SHREK 2 and other Dreamworks toons , MADAGASCAR features lots of lame references to other movies and appropriations of other movies ' songs
1995 is long gone , and so are that year 's standards .
Madagascar : story stretched thin . Animated adventure works for kids .
Madagascar revels in its own silliness and does so unapologetically .
One of the most lackluster of the modern , big-budget CG-animated releases .
Ultimately earns my endorsement through the efforts of an Ali G-voiced lemur who dances the robot and a crack team of espionage-agent penguins .
DreamWorks set the bar awfully low last fall with Shark Tale , but like a limbo champion it slips lower still with Madagascar .
The movie 's celebrity voice talent is reined in , and potentially scary parts are toned down , ensuring that even very young kids will appreciate most scenes . Unfortunately , this modulated approach extends to the story , which lacks a climax .
A very good idea , blandly executed . The cartoon 's saving grace is the amusing shtick , generated by its lion , zebra and giraffe , oh my .
Madagascar is great good fun , not only because the filmmakers have enlisted some wonderful voice talent but also because the visuals truly are marvelous .
The fact is , apart from certain superficial visual distinctions , virtually all of the recent studio-produced , star-voiced computer-animated movies feel like they could have been produced on different assembly lines in the same factory .
As joke machines go , ` Madagascar ' is a reasonably reliable one -- much more so than ` Shark Tale ' -- with Rock and Stiller pouring a lot of personality into their characters .
This endearing character piece offers animal high jinks for youngsters , plus pop culture humor and lushly composed animation for adults .
What makes it good is that the story is a kind of parable that suggests some seriousness beneath the surface , even sadness .
The film ends with an obvious bid for a sequel , and why not ? Madagascar and its charming critters deserve an encore .
It 's a nice-looking movie that makes a good first impression , but the longer Madagascar plays the less interest it sustains in its story of a zoo-kept lion and zebra who take a walk on the wild side .
Take the kids . Find a globe . Do some teaching .
Occasionally it flashes to life with bursts of anarchic humor provided by fringe characters , but by and large it 's formulaic and dull .
This really is a Looney Tunes in many ways , as the animals often find themselves in situations where their bodies are stretched , squeezed or otherwise pushed and pulled .
This does n't signify progress for the computer-animated medium . If anything , it 's regression .
-LSB- It -RSB- looks stunning , but it 's an ill-conceived mess that plays like two movies awkwardly spliced together .
This tepid summer animated offering limps along like an aged , mangy lion with bunions .
The latest DreamWorks Animation picture that leaves you jonesing for a little Pixar .
It 'll undoubtedly keep the kids occupied and parents intermittently amused . And that 's about it .
Madagascar is not just a technological breakthrough , but also a fun and funny movie for all ages .
Brilliantly written , animated and performed , it not only bridges the child-adult divide , but also makes its kid-friendly humor smart in its own way .
A wafer-thin yarn that might have done Sylvester and Tweety proud , but goes missing-in-action when stretched over 80-plus minutes .
A safe-as-milk , toy-ready , born-to-cross-promote piece of animated Hollywood product that will likely please children but leave adults dreaming of The Incredibles .
Unlike many children 's films , Madagascar really is entertainment for little ones . It 's no Finding Nemo , but it is leaps above Shark Tale .
Appropriate for the wee ones , this flick promises to please parents who will inevitably be in for repeat viewings .
Heavy on jokes and light on story . Surprisingly , that turns out to be in its favor .
A delight . Co-writers and - directors McGrath and Eric Darnell , along with their entire team , have done a terrific job with their sweet and whimsical story .
Antic , cute , scattershot , it 's a remarkable-looking but terribly uncertain bit of CGI fluff , with its richest humor off to the sides of the action and a whole lot of average in the middle .
What a wonderful movie this is , so full of the funny , the charming and the bizarre , so clever and eager to take advantage of the possibilities of CGI animation .
Technically brilliant - but pathetically ignorant .
Mediocre , phoned-in semi-entertainment .
Fast-paced , often funny , loaded with richly detailed computer animation - and , frustratingly , lacking that little bit of soul that turns an OK cartoon into something magical .
A pop culture headache .
... less the next breakthrough in computer animation than a kids movie the whole family can enjoy .
Madagascar is the first film in a while that will make the whole family smile .
The movie seems a little undernourished in the story department , and attempts to infuse the proceedings with adult-pleasing humor do n't always rise to brilliant levels .
It 'll be fun for the smaller kids , but there 's not much crossover appeal for their parents .
It 's a good-humored , pleasant confection that has all kinds of relaxed fun bringing computer-animated savvy to the old-fashioned world of Looney Tunes cartoons .
I laughed pretty hard .
Sputters to an end without building to any sort of satisfying conclusion .
Madagascar is content with being a genial kids ' movie , cute , sporadically clever , rarely memorable .
Madagascar makes you long for a time when story was more important than cleverness ; before having celebrities voicing the characters was a marketing requisite ; before you needed to be thoroughly immersed in pop culture to get the gags .
The silly , good-natured Madagascar is a significant improvement over DreamWorks ' previous animated effort , Shark Tale .
The penguins , lemurs , and chimps absolutely steal the show !
The promise of the first half is not met in the second .
It 's not groundbreaking by any means , but it 's the best family film out there so far this Summer .
... the film is just so bland ...
If Shark Tale was Shrek Light , then Madagascar is Shrek Dry .
It 's funny and entertaining with great characters , and enough jokes just for the adults to make everybody happy .
In an ocean of family films that either try too hard or aim too low , Madagascar is a charming , genuinely funny picture that provides a good ride for adults and kids .
... Whenever the film seems in danger of getting bland , -LSB- Baron Cohen 's -RSB- scenes kick it up to another level
... There 's no love affair , no princess , no ... well , no anything , really - just lemurs and steak fantasies . But it 's still a fun bit of fluff , and a well-rendered one at that .
Everything that happens feels forced ; none of it is organic .
Hip . hilarious fantasy adventure - a fun-filled good time for you , and the kid in you .
No king of the jungle , just a loud piece of light summer family fluff .
Unfortunately the comedy here is never as sophisticated as in Pixar films .
Nearly all of Madagascar 's laughs come from the supporting characters , and from a movie that stars Ben Stiller and Chris Rock , that 's a pretty telling statement .
I see no compelling reason to begrudge the kiddies of this mostly amiable timewaster , but this one 's hardly destined to join the crowded top shelf of animated winners .
It hopes that if it throws enough pop-cultural references at us , we wo n't notice how frantically it 's trying to figure out what to do .
They played a rectal thermometer joke . I 've always been trying to find a way to work rectal thermometers into my writing , and I just could n't .
Not completely satisfactory -LSB- but -RSB- feels like a step in the right direction ... it 's more willing to explore the places its subject matter can naturally lead to .
... a routine story enlivened by location , color , exotic landscapes and a cascade of comic flourishes .
Simple , silly , enjoyable ; much better than their last 3 efforts . Mostly for kids , but with some pleasure for adults as well .
The humor - in large part supplied by four wily , scene-stealing penguins - is strong enough to make up for the film 's lack of enchanting voices .
Starts off slowly but eventually evolves into a colorful , suitably bouncy tale of displaced friendship on trial ...
Very much like the penguins ' trip to Antarctica , the only bits of color in an otherwise dead landscape , looking around until one of them finally utters , ` Well , this sucks . '
I have said it a million times , but it is so true . Talking animals are funny !
Starts strong but struggles to maintain the momentum .
Madagascar does n't do much to advance the medium , but at least it is smarter than the average penguin .
The animation is visually stunning , and the animals ' stylized rendering and friendly look is in keeping with the energetic mood of the movie .
Madagascar will have you roaring , but in the right way .
Dreamworks lets their computers do the talking in a fine cartoon freed of the weight of a significant message .
a cute computer animation that helps erase the bad taste of Dreamworks ' last entry , Shark Tale , while not exactly whetting the appetite for their next
Halfway through , becomes a really funny adult animation film .
The movie fails to satisfy on such a fundamental level that it either must be setting itself up for a Madagascar 2 or must hope that the audience is n't paying too much attention . I vote for the latter .
The movie is like a doughnut , with frosting on the edges and a big hole in the middle .
How many ways can you tell a fart joke ? Dreamworks Animation continues to ponder the question that has puzzled humanity with Madagascar .
-LSB- I -RSB- mmensely witty and deeply poignant , a fiercely humanistic -LSB- story -RSB- that , for all that it 's ostensibly about animals , is really about us ...
Like many computer-animated features , this one , about four animals exiled from the Central Park Zoo , expends most of its imaginative resources on clever visuals .
As with most recent animated features not affiliated with Pixar Studios , Madagascar oversells itself with superstar voices and set pieces bloated with noise and undernourished in wit .
Surprisingly clumsy in its efforts to please young and old alike . A major disappointment .
A good-natured kid flick .
It 's pretty much the only family option right now , and it 's not a bad one .
The film never gets going . It 's too slow and plodding for kids .
While teens and adults can do worse than Madagascar -LRB- anyone for Kingdom of Heaven ? -RRB- , this slight and amusing ` toon is mostly a trip designed for the kiddie crowd to take in .
Some charming performances and saucy humor can not save this movie from its surprising insensitivity .
If Madagascar is in all ways a sunnier place than Walt Disney 's matricidal canon , it is also a correspondingly less magical kingdom .
We should all be grateful that this movie 's around to remove the metallic taste left by Robots and the fishy odor that emanated from Shark Tale .
The movie sadly runs aground on old gags that no amount of eye-popping color and frenzied action can spin into gold .
Though far from memorable , and bogged down by incongruous shout-outs to other movies , it 's still a perfectly pleasant , slight summer diversion that 's worth the escape .
Like Looney Tunes , there 's cartoon craziness for the kids and knowing , ` wink-wink ' humor to keep the grown-ups giggling and guessing at the film allusions that fill the clever script .
It 's a solid effort with a broad reach .
Another triumph of animation technique over anything that could reasonably be called a story .
A sporadically funny fish-out-of-water story with impressive animation .
The movie has plenty of ingenuity . What it lacks -- completely -- is inspiration .
Kinda funny . Kinda annoying . Pretty . In love with its own mediocrity .
this is an erratic and dull film-albeit one with a few really funny moments .
Untamed fun .
Meta does n't automatically mean clever .
Sometimes cute but never funny .
Unlike the vocal talents used in Pixar cartoons , the celebrities cast in this DreamWorks production bring nothing distinctive to their roles .
A tight and efficient comedy .
A destination you should add to your summer moviegoing itinerary ... makes for an enjoyable trip .
An antic little charmer , wasting no more or less time on repetitive pratfalls and unpoetic mushiness than any Disney film since 1948 .
Modestly improving upon the wretched DreamWorks animation template , Madagascar still fails to approximate Pixar 's trademark mix of hilarity and poignancy .
The cuddly factor ultimately wears thin ...
Eventually , it had to happen : a computer-animated dud .
A vivid throwback to the 1950 's style of cartoon style albeit this time using computer graphics .
After you see Madagascar , you start to think that the movies are being dumbed down even for small children .
Pleasant , if mediocre family fare .
Runs out of gas .
It 's the four scheming penguins voiced by the movie 's animators and director that run away with the show .
Get used to this phrase : `` The penguins are psychotic . ''
It 's a prodigious comedic mix of smart gags on both adult and kiddie levels .


@highlight

Though its story is problematic in spots and its humor is hit-or-miss for the adult crowd , Madagascar boasts impressive visuals and enough spunky charm to keep children entertained .