Adam is a tender and well acted love story that does not resort to cliché nonsense in its depiction of mental illness , yet a clunky sub-plot distracts from its unique version of boy meets girl .
Dancy 's sensitive , never-showy portrayal of the autistic Adam reminds us that there 's a real person behind every behavioral disorder , psychological condition and personality quirk that often comes off as `` strange . ''
Reassuringly familiar and ultimately as cozy as a reindeer sweater .
Too neatly packaged for my taste , Adam 's rigid structure leaves the characters serving the story rather than the story expanding the characters .
Romantic drama wrestles with its own disabilities .
Mayer combines a mild dose of humor with the distress of an unfortunate condition to create something extremely endearing .
Another thoroughly engaging release from Fox Searchlight , the studio 's indie releasing sidearm is rapidly becoming the saviour of an otherwise grossly mismanaged company .
Adam is a sweet , unconventional love story nearly derailed by a far too obvious subplot .
An undeniably pleasant film about an unusual subject that just happens to be topped off by a really good performance from the massively underrated Hugh Dancy .
... a confident , surefooted dramatic comedy about an uncertain , tentative romance .
British actor Hugh Dancy manages an astonishing feat by making viewers empathize with a character that has trouble feeling empathy .
By avoiding the romantic-comedy cliches of lesser fare like The Proposal and The Ugly Truth , Mr. Mayer has given us characters to care about instead of laugh at and discard .
Dancy gets the juiciest role and wisely underplays it .
Adam and Beth are remarkably nice , likable characters , played by Dancy and Byrne without the tics and self-consciousness that more pretentious or perhaps less secure performers might have brought to the roles .
The compassionately acted Adam is a movie with something to say -- it 's just not clear exactly what that something is .
Parental Content Review
Surprising tale of love and perseverance . Writer Max Mayer deals with the touchy subject beautifully , and Hugh Dancy proves to be a noteworthy star with his performance .
A very good cast of actors gets more mileage out of this material than they probably should have .
Dancy and Byrne do a fine job of portraying these two lost souls ... . How unfortunate for them that they 're forced to spout miles of Mayer 's cutesy babble every time they 're close to transcendence .
It 's a gentle romantic dramedy , but misfires at every turn , making for a tedious motion picture that minimizes a fascinating subject .
There 's really nothing extraordinary to praise about this affecting but not particularly memorable little movie other than to point out that audiences hungering for cinematic fare outside the usual summer popcorn blockbusters will find much to like in it .
Adam is As Good as It Gets with a dash of Rain Man , movie comfort food , but still charms us through the familiar rhythms of its story .
Dancy 's eye-opening performance reveals he 's a bona-fide acting talent , capable of carrying a movie without ever playing to your affections .
Arriving on the scene just in time to feast on -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer 's sloppy seconds .
Sure , it 's complicated , but is n't that always true of romance ? And does n't it blow the hinges off the universe -- every single time ?
Sensitively exploring a bittersweet relationship that 's unusual and uncertain , demanding compromises and courage
There 's no getting around the character 's plight as an eternal outsider or the natural sympathy it draws . But writer-director Mayer never loses control of this fact , offering a story that 's both sweet and tart , unique and familiar .
Delicate and understated performances by Rose Byrne -- and especially a remarkable Hugh Dancy as the quirky Asberger 's sufferer -- give the unlikely romance a quiet , realistic tone .
Adam 's disorder is but one piece of a tender relationship puzzle that 's nurtured out of its shell by the performers .
Adam is about loving someone who 's different , despite what your parents or friends may think . It 's also unfortunately a wo n't - change-your-life cinema experience that , irrespective of its redeeming features , fails to satiate .
Australian Rose Byrne plays Beth , who falls for a man with Asperger 's Syndrome . It 's a gentle , slow but far too caring a film , sacrificing drama , comedy and romance in the cause of an sympathetic representation of Adam 's condition .
But in its earnestness , its gentleness , its determination not to sensationalise any aspect of Adam 's story it feels that a bit of drama is missing .
Adam , which premiered at this year 's Sundance Film Festival , holds your attention , but the film is slow-going at times and lacks a knockout punch .
It may not be original , but Adam could leave a lump in your throat .
Max Mayer has written a remarkably engaging screenplay about a relationship that is n't meant to be yet somehow is but not quite as we might expect , from this charming yet down to earth romantic comedy
It 's well directed and acted , but the script feels like a TV movie at times .
Hugh Dancy carries this movie on his back , otherwise it could have easily ended up on the Lifetime channel .
When it 's not lapsing into disease-of-the-week prose , Adam presents a credible account of the challenges inherent in this misunderstood and often-ridiculed condition .
For much of its first hour , writer/director Max Mayer 's Adam is one of the year 's more endearing love stories .
As an effort to understand a person whose behavior seems inexplicable , Adam is a big success .
The two of them look terrific together , too -- enough so that you wish someone would cast them together in a much better movie .
An admirable dramatic investigation into life with Asperger 's and a story with the intelligence not to insult ours .
As Beth is Adam 's societal guide dog , instructing him on how he should react , the filmmakers turn to dopey ballads in order to steer us through plot points rife with the emotional complexity of Jell-O .
Adam is easily one of the best pictures of the year . ... As I left the theater , the world seemed like it had somehow become a better place .
Adam is a minor , tolerably enjoyable romance that does n't add up to anything much .
Sincere , unsuccessful attempt to use the romantic comedy formula to make a film about a troubled love affair .
It comes across simply as a bit of bland do-gooding .
A romantic comedy so dull , so humdrum , they should give out free espressos at screenings .
In a summer full of loud noises and R-rated comedies , `` Adam '' is a welcome respite .
Hugh Dancy has properly captured many of the key traits ascribed to people with AS . Unfortunately , this does not necessarily translate into a highly entertaining evening at the movies .
Were it not for the fine engaging performances of both Dancy and Byrne , Adam would be sickly sweet .
A generally sweet story brought down by baffling screenwriting decisions and manipulative , mawkish , TV-movie-of-the-week direction .
Adam is a low-key , charming movie , and often very funny .
Writer/director Max Mayer has crafted a sensitive , even lyrical , script that quickly makes us care about both of these characters .
Written and directed by Max Mayer , this anodyne romantic comedy is as predictable as the alphabet but should hold particular appeal to women whose maternal impulses inflect their mating instincts .
The film rides on Dancy 's wonderfully authentic performance .
At its best , Adam makes the viewer understand the frustration of living in a world in which everyone is a stranger .
Adam does n't go in for tidy resolutions , but the unintended moral is that gazing at the stars sure beats empathizing with tiresome people .
A very superficial look at what it may be like trying to romance someone on the autistic scale .
It feels dishonest , which is a problem for a film so interested in truthfulness - especially one trying to reconcile that interest with the demands of a Hollywood romcom .
A charming , quietly satisfying work , Adam is a commendable film . Sensitively written and directed by Mayer , it 's given shape and dimensionality by Dancy , who delivers a tremendous performance that lends the film genuine humanity .
It 's blandly inoffensive but also rather disingenuous , sidestepping the realities of Adam 's condition by investing him with a convenient idiot savant gift for astrophysics and the eyes of a puppy .
Despite obvious good intentions , this feels dishonest , and I suspect not very true to life . Worst of all , it risks trivialising mental illness into lovable quirks .
Dancy 's Adam is so soulful , droopy and sad-eyed you suspect a misdiagnosis , while Byrne 's alarming levels of undernourished passive aggression pass weirdly without comment .
Adam is a quiet , contemplative film with a quirky heart and soul - it 's just a shame that it 's trapped in such a familiar framework .
Adam provides a welcome explanation of why some folk seem queerer than others .
Cookie-cutter characterisations , homily-heavy script and over-reliance on maudlin musical prompts are all too chocky-box icky in their own right .
It 's a striking portrait of life with Asperger 's . A sweet , slightly weird love story , for the most part it 's well-written , funny and touching .
Writer-director Max Mayer 's film has good intentions , but a weak narrative . This grinds to a halt far too often to make way for maudlin , soft-rock interludes .
This sweet-natured love story is merely all right .
Everyone dallies and dithers and radiates well-meaningly . This is mental illness served up for romcom pathos and sentimentality .
Some viewers may find it all unbearably sentimental but the film deserves praise for an unexpected ending that does n't launch an all-out assault on the tear ducts .
An utterly charming love story between two quirky , vulnerable loners ? A vomitous fairy-cake concoction of nursery rhyme tweeness ? It 's all certainly rather less Rain Man , and more Drizzle Boy .
A film with so many designs on your affections could never be found surprising , but believe me , it wo n't stop it from trying and it wo n't stop you from feeling guilty the moment you realise it is n't working .
Adam remains watchable thanks to credible performances from its two leads , but it fails to satisfy on an emotional level and could have been a lot better .
There 's no question this is a well-meaning film which , on the surface , sounds pretty original . But sadly it 's as bland as hell , with nothing you would n't find in any run-of-the-mill romance .
Dancy and Byrne are both appealing enough performers and I can see how the two of them might click in a romantic comedy with a strong screenplay and tight direction but writer-director Max Mayer has neglected to supply them with either one .
Adam 's tastefully subdued approach looks like a TV movie . It does n't help that , dramatically speaking , it 's a non-starter .
Adam is tender and touching and works because it manages to avoid being too predictable or too sugary .
While it 's probable that this movie will bring Asperger 's to an audience that 's never heard of or experienced it , it 's also likely to bore them .
It 's the kind of movie that lives or dies by its leads , and Adam benefits from Dancy 's tricky work conveying Adam 's specialized intelligence , and the warm , generous contribution of Byrne , just nominated for an Emmy for her work on FX 's Damages .
To its credit , Adam does n't go for the cheap , easy solution . In that way , the film shares something of the spirit -LRB- and realism ? -RRB- of -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer : an acknowledgment that not every close encounter , no matter how meaningful , can last forever .
Moving and funny ... becomes an honest but non-patronizing search for understanding , and the universal need to love someone in spite of their imperfections .
Adam wraps up the story in too tidy a package , insisting on finding the upbeat in the murky , and missing the chance to be more thoughtful about this challenging situation .
Hugh Dancy is really spectacular in this film .
A sweet , atypical love story .
Surprisingly fresh romance upends your assumptions .
-LSB- T -RSB- oo-earnest , underemotional ... -LSB- but Dancy -RSB- and Byrne are what make this a movie worth seeing , for their delicacy and tentativeness in coping with one another ...
The whole movie was at his expense , the usual Hollywood feeling good about itself by portraying the struggles of such a man .
Thinking back on Adam the bits and pieces I liked keep coming to mind long before the portions I found disappointing . But it is a seriously mixed bag , the most distressing portions coming at the most inopportune of times .
Hugh Dancy , so often just a bland safe boyfriend in femme-oriented films , gives an ironically heartfelt performance as the emotionally insulated Adam .
Adam succeeds at getting inside its hero 's mind and , more impressively still , gives us entrée to his singular soul .
A good , if contrived , romantic comedy that exposes the world to Asberger 's syndrome while drawing a line between love and dependence .
Sounds like the stuff of a Hallmark Hall of Fame telefilm , but happily Mayer 's sensitivity and the skill of Dancy and Byrne raise it to another level .
Crosses the `` disease-of-the-week '' genre with the traditional romantic comedy , but miraculously avoids all the trappings of both ; it 's charming without being cheap , romantic without being rote .
The film is afflicted with a fatal case of the cutes : It 's never an encouraging sign when The Little Prince , that eternal touchstone of precious perma-children , emerges as a major motif for a romantic drama .
Adam is a cut above most romances and boasts a intriguing conclusion . One comes away with a sense of hope , leavened by realism .
I 'm sorry to report that beyond that educational element and the delicate performances of Dancy and Byrne , I found Adam dramatically limp , predictable and in a curious way even retrograde .
Other than Rose Byrne 's on-screen radiance and a soothingly warm palette lit by cinematographer Seamus Tierney , there 's not much to get passionate about in this amiable chamberpiece from theater director Max Mayer .
It 's hogwash of the highest order , a romanticized take on disability that sees it both as God-gifted higher calling and seductive precoital bling .
It 's actually a humorously bittersweet story buoyed by likable performances , and not an oh-geez-here-comes-another-film-about-a-saintly-disabled-person movie .
The beautifully crafted Adam offers no pat or easy answers to wrenching questions .
-LSB- M -RSB- erely a Very Special Episode of a TV series I never wanted to watch .
Sweet without being overbearing , boasting delectable visuals and a strong pair of lead performances , Adam is much better than what it could have been but still not quite a home run .
Hugh Dancy plays a Manhattan engineer who suffers from Asperger 's syndrome in this charming romantic comedy .
Adam is a most welcome summer treat .
Adam is sweet , meticulous , and , at times , sort of clever , but it 's also a not-quite-surprising-enough heartwarming trifle .
This is an affirmation that it 's still possible to find smart movies about one of the most basic aspects of the human experience : falling in love .
... sanitized romantic comedy never cracks the surface of its delicate and complex subject .
A touching and engaging film about a likable and attractive young man who suffers from Asperger 's syndrome .
A film that is full of heart and wit . Give it a chance and you 'll find yourself drawn into this character 's life in ways that will both touch and amuse you .
Adam and several other movies like it , are the antidote to the summer blight , delivering smart , hilarious , moving and cosmically life-affirming stories .
If you 're going to be the poster man/child of any disability , you 'd want to look like Hugh Dancy .
Quirk is indeed in enervating effect , but the main problems with the film , ostensibly a new take on the traditional New York romantic plight of mis - and disconnection , are more fundamental , if not totally fatal .
Its maudlin , self-sabotaging audience-coddling is right out of the Zemeckis playbook .
Mayer and his lead , Hugh Dancy , do a fine job conveying where an ` Aspie ' is coming from , but Mayer 's direction of his actors is weak with several scenes notable for off timing , amateurishness or staginess .
A sensitive but not sentimental story about a romance involving a mentally challenged young man never makes a misstep .
The Hallmark crowd will eat it up . But as for me , I 'm not buying it .
A romantic drama with tender and touching characters that shows how those we love can be our greatest spiritual teachers .
There is a warm and charming tone that is brought to life by writer/director Max Mayer , but the key really lies with the strong and beautiful performances -LSB- of Dancy and Byrne -RSB- .
An involving , quirky comedy that rivets thanks to a subtly effective performance by Hugh Dancy .
The movie is not particularly subtle and the direction could be sharper , but the acting of Hugh Dancy and Rose Byrne is superb in illustrating an unusual love story and what amounts to a compelling defense of the imperfect .
metaphor for the inevitable obstacles that lie ahead for any two people who venture into a relationship
Quirky and cute almost to the point of distraction , the offbeat romance is only rescued by its likeable cast and an intriguing storyline
A romantic drama with sincere emotions but a rather standard execution .
This credible and moving portrayal of a man with Asperger 's Syndrome , whose passion for science and his love for a woman help him in his struggle to achieve a meaningful relationship , should find an appreciative audience .
Emotionally potent performances , gently offbeat humor and writer-helmer Max Mayer 's assured touch guide this tender New York love story to a quietly hopeful conclusion .




@highlight

Hugh Dancy 's elegant performance as a man with Asperger 's Syndrome elevates Adam , an offbeat but touching romantic comedy .