With no one to hold onto , Murder on the Orient Express stands as little more than a cliché mystery , and ultimately falls flat .
It 's true that the pace is slow to begin with but , much like the train , it soon starts to build up steam .
Branagh has orchestrated the perfect actor/director vehicle for himself that finds the perfect tone between prestige and pulp cinema .
Despite the hype , -LSB- Murder on the Orient Express -RSB- ends up being the purest representation of that old and well-known saying : `` All talk , no action . '' -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Kenneth Branagh -RSB- does n't bring much new to the basic conception-a bunch of famous actors play eccentrics cooped up on a train , with secrets to be unearthed . But he does embellish the template with glossy extras .
Branagh 's family friendly film is big and bold and egocentric , much like its hirsute protagonist .
... in spite of his careless narrative , Branagh takes great pains in the staging so as not to drop an unnecessarily re-adapted story ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... unforgettable . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
But an ensemble piece like this does n't hold up without support from , well , the ensemble , and they -LRB- generally -RRB- do n't disappoint .
` Everyone is a suspect , ' as the tagline reads . Too bad no one cares .
The characters are played by a great ensemble , but no one really shines through ... if the movie is going to revolve around information given to us by other characters , we should know the characters better .
What starts off as a fun and surprisingly successful murder mystery quickly loses steam as the train chugs along . The mystery just does n't feel cinematic enough , and the dialogue-heavy reveal managed to muddy one of Christie 's most famous twists .
The result is a dazzling work of art that is alternately fun to watch and hard to shake ; the very definition of must-see filmmaking and worth every penny viewers pay at today 's excessive prices .
Murder on the Orient Express is prestige gone off the rails , a tony chunk of nothing that does n't beg the question whodunnit as much as why ?
Ultimately , Branagh delivers a thrilling ride through the mountainous snowscapes , making this first-class ticket as opulent as it is chilling . And despite a few missteps , this train is still worth jumping aboard .
A few impressive set pieces and scene study fodder for acting students , this `` Murder on the Orient Express '' is a paper-dry mystery at best .
Kenneth Branagh tries to milk humour from his character 's self-important nature but it 's not as funny as it could be . Only a handful of moments were worthy of a smile .
With the glossy remake of Agatha Christie 's Murder on the Orient Express - done so memorably in 1974 by Sidney Lumet - director Kenneth Branagh presents for us a prestigious , high-brow example of a studio film that is , by any fair measure , creatively dead
... Branagh takes us on an elegant , entertaining ride .
` Murder ' puts a new spin on an old favorite .
All in all , this cast does make a team , but I think Pfeiffer steals her scenes with an enigmatic look .
It is a nice autumn surprise to watch an old-school whodunit amidst superhero extravaganzas , but it often falls victim to its own excess .
The necessity of such a re-adaptation is directly proportional to the comparative talent involved . In this case , it 's a significant step down from the first .
Murder on the Orient Express runs its course from beginning to end , neither picking up steam nor derailing into subzero hell
It is a pity that , though this film has good elements that could have been better exploited , in the end , it turns out to be a film that serves as a showcase for its protagonist - and director . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Branagh commandeers the movie , turning it into a showcase for himself as Poirot . Everyone else is left to circle the drain .
There 's something quaint and comforting about this film and its brand of old-fashioned storytelling , where coincidences are extremely likely , everyone somehow knows a countess , and a man puts honor above all else .
I left the theater with two items on my `` To Do '' list . First , book a trip for myself on the real Orient Express . Second , rewatch the 1974 movie .
It stops dead in its tracks shortly after leaving the station and leaves the audience numb and bored to death .
Branagh wastes the riches that surround him on every score and turns the performances of his cast mates into something of a museum tour - cursory glances at masterpieces hung beautifully , but in isolation .
There are attempts at 1930s upper-class lushness - lots of art deco touches on the train , period-accurate fashion and shots of European scenery in winter - but it is garnishing on a mediocre dish .
While Murder On The Orient Express does have its heart in the right place , it does n't quite get the game of sleuth as good as it should .
The puzzle-box mechanics of the Christie murder mystery - a fixed number of persons , all limited in movement and clues which , at the climax , lock into place - are kept as immaculate as the table settings in the dining car .
It might not be as magical or as intriguing as the 1974 version - until now that is still the best adaptation of the story - but there is still enough here to keep the story from completely going off the rails .
The immortal story of Christie has been recycled into a luxurious first rate popcorn adventure ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The new movie has been handsomely shot and produced , but the raw punch produced by Christie in her extended climax is missing .
Branagh embraces a corny , old-fashioned tone that should make it stand out at the modern cineplex , but he 's disappointingly inconsistent in rendering the movie lively .
The tension of the Christie novel ... never really emerges in a film that seems dazzled by the refined costumes , the train 's luxury trappings and far too much CGI .
What 's next ? Bringing back Charlie Chan ? MURDER lacks ugliness , spite and callousness . Branagh talks too much .
Not only has Kenneth Branagh retained the exotic romanticism of Christie 's novels , he has found dimensions to the Dame 's stories that I - despite being a tremendous fan of her books - had never expected , and honestly , never even thought of .
The kind of old-fashioned mystery you take your mom to see that one time of the year she asks you to take her to the movies . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Passionate , agile and very entertaining . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Every cast member is superb , and it 's a gorgeous movie to look at . How much its flaws stand out depends entirely on how much you 're willing to buy into its earnestness , which is as impossible to miss as Branagh 's mustache .
-LSB- Kenneth Branagh -RSB- makes a simple mistake ; he leaves his mark all over the crime scene . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's little attempt to update , darken or otherwise mess with the original formula , and Branagh leans into the story 's ITV Christmas Special trappings with aplomb .
A detective story that questions easy distinctions between right and wrong .
Murder on the Orient Express is nothing more than serviceable .
Branagh 's retelling of the classic Agatha Christie tale is visually sumptuous yet otherwise inert , a series of what are essentially cameos by performers far too gifted to waste their time like this .
... I do not consider it a bad production , although it fails in its main objective . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... `` Murder on the Orient Express '' does n't come together well enough to recommend viewing . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Branagh lards Haris Zambarloukos ' cinematography with gratuitous CGI until it looks like Murder on the Polar Express .
It is heartening to find Branagh afforded the means to realize a personal , idiosyncratic interpretation of this material , dazzling in scope but the product of care .
At least Branagh 's Hercule Poirot is fun and multi-layered , but the rest of the cast are hung out to dry , hammily looking off into the middle distance to imply that they might have done it ... Dull as dishwater .
When describing Kenneth Branagh 's take on Agatha Christie 's Murder on the Orient Express , -LSB- old fashioned -RSB- should definitely be taken as a compliment .
They do n't make 'em like Murder on the Orient Express any more , but when they do , by chance , make 'em , they should cut 'em into tiny pieces , place 'em in a hole , and set 'em on fire , possibly with a sign warning everyone not to sift through the ashes .
This is a very solid adaptation of the oft-filmed classic . This new version features a more humane , vulnerable , introspective version of the famed Belgian detective Hercule Poirot , played by Kenneth Branagh -LRB- ` Dunkirk ' -RRB- who also directs the film .
The screenplay simply is n't funny -- nor is it suspenseful enough to be dramatic . The tragedy at the centre of the mystery is rehashed too quickly to emotionally resonate , robbing the plot of its impact .
Kenneth Branagh 's new big-screen adaptation of Christie 's novel is a diverting , gorgeous-looking film that struggles a little at showing the humbling effect that dilemma has on the great detective .
Commanding attention from this hodgepodge of characters is Pfieffer playing the flirty widow Caroline Hubbard , whose cheeky countenance makes her a delight to watchsful screen outings
Kenneth Branagh takes on both the famous detective and the role of director , but thankfully excels at both . His Poirot is sharp , funny and just eccentric enough .
While Branagh 's revised version retains the basic elements , the mistakes he makes are numerous .
While it looked spectacular , the venture away from the confines of the train detracted from the claustrophobia and the immediate jeopardy present in Christie 's novel and Lumet 's version .
This is classic Agatha Christie and you would do well to let go and give in to the endless parade of suspects , motives , plot twists , and revelations .
The end result is far from an engaging or intriguing journey , or even one worth taking .
Simply put , the movie lacks panache . Playfulness . Wit . Instead , it 's flat . As flat as week-old champagne .
The best of the film has to do with the absurd humor that appears in the prologue . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The changes that Branagh and Green make to the novel and the remarkably faithful 1974 version are baffling , leading to a film that feels as if it 's just skimming the surface of a compelling murder-mystery .
There 's so much to like about the picture in theory : a sophisticated literary adaptation with a distinguished cast , geared toward grown-ups , only gently suggesting itself as a tentpole . But Branagh just ca n't find a tone that works .
It 's a good try , but less memorable than it deserves to be . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Awards recognition likely wo n't be repeated on this Agatha Christie-inspired `` Express , '' but it remains a generally swell and lavish-looking ride .
While it practically flips off the tracks before reaching its destination , Murder on the Orient Express knows that its focus is a good mystery .
Branagh , the actor , makes the plot more bearable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Contriving somehow both to dawdle and to rush , `` Murder on the Orient Express '' is handsome , undemanding , and almost wholly bereft of purpose .
... a respectful romp through one of literature 's most famous mysteries ...
Like Poirot , Branagh - the director - is immensely attentive to fact and detail , including drawing a robust performance out of Branagh - the actor - playing the quirky detective with a mix of cheeky humor , vim and vigor .
Merely forgettable in long stretches between short patches of delight .
Even if you 're familiar with the story -LRB- particularly the memorably lavish 1974 movie -RRB- , you 'll get caught up with what is one of the best murder mystery plots of all time .
There 's no reason to see this tiresome , forlorn , forgettable whodunit , which derails almost from the get-go , long before the snow-bound , stranded strangers begin to suspect one another of murder .
Kenneth Branagh shoots himself in the foot by cutting short the darkness that loomed in Christie 's original vision .
In this listless remake of the Agatha Christie 1934 novel that was filmed in 1974 by Sidney Lumet , the Orient Express gets stuck in the middle of nowhere .
Despite dripping with golden-era-Hollywood appeal , and a ferociously talented ensemble , the picture comes up slightly short - though it 's passably entertaining .
Branagh 's performance falls flat when compared with those of Peter Ustinov and David Suchet . Since he is in almost every scene it made the movie even less enjoyable than it could have been especially since most already know the oft-told story .
An entertaining upgrade in most fronts . Kenneth Branagh shines in front and behind the camera . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... features slick visuals and a first-rate ensemble cast , yet falters in the second half , when the central whodunit should be at its most suspenseful .
Murder on the Orient Express makes for some great set pieces ... but the whodunnit mystery does n't really need another adaptation .
A giant Kenneth Branagh vanity project .
Branagh and company do n't put enough old-fashioned , moviemaking magic into the proceedings to make us care or hold our attention , but it 's not a debacle by any means . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
The picture simply goes on too long , and is far too in love with Branagh 's performance .
Branagh continues the classic style , not only for the time in which the story takes place -LRB- the '30s -RRB- , but even for his camera positions and staging . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Kenneth Branagh -RSB- has made a creditable , but by no means outstanding , crack at filming a much-loved but extremely old-fashioned murder mystery .
... although when arriving at its final act it retakes our interest , but it is too late to call it a thriller at the height of our times . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Recurring overhead shots of the crime scene are both funny and utilitarian , given the tight confines of a train compartment - almost as claustrophobic as the Marx Brothers ' stateroom scene in Night at the Opera !
The movie is embalmed in its own self-regard . You watch it from behind glass , a museum piece you are n't allowed to touch . Branagh was trying to make something timeless . But he just made something endless .
The stand-out in the ensemble is Pfeiffer , whose blowsy American has the most intriguing trajectory
Hijacked by a mustache . A crass and dumbed down imitation of the classy Sidney Lumet version .
Still , Branagh clearly has fun with the eccentric nature of the Poirot character , whose gift of insight is a blessing when it comes to solving crimes but a curse in its effects on his daily existence .
The result is a film that is n't necessarily bad , but one that remains difficult to recommend . It 's too easy to say , `` The book is always better , '' but in this case , audiences have a book and another Murder on the Orient Express movie to make that case .
If the light from your mobile device were n't likely to disrupt the experience of others , I 'd suggest that this is one journey on which you might consider bringing a book -- perhaps something by Agatha Christie .
... the director still does Christie proud , his version of Murder on the Orient Express a gorgeously widescreen old school mystery I 'd happily watch again right this second .
Murder on the Orient Express is a whodunnit , but there 's only really one mystery : Why is it so hard to care who done it ?
As all the biographies of possible killers pile up and motives along with them , things do slow down before you get to Christie 's ending which still has its impact .
... if you ask me , this Murder is a smug , clumsy and mis-managed ride to nowhere .
-LSB- Kenneth -RSB- Brannagh obviously had great fun here .
Murder on the Orient Express is less `` whodunit '' than `` whydunit . ''
Murder on the Orient Express drags , which is good if you need a nap , but not so good if you seek excitement and mystery .
In the final tally , I found enough enjoyment here to make this expensive ride worth it . Shame about the end , though .
When I walked out , I was left wanting , more mindful of unfulfilled promise than impressed by half a good movie . I can not claim this is a bad movie , I simply can not say it is a truly good one overall .
-LSB- The film 's -RSB- message , a condensation of post-election , globalist cynicism , comes across loud and clear in Branagh 's showboating direction -LRB- pointless , zooming imagery shot in 65 mm -RRB- and his dull show-offing in the role of Belgian detective Hercule Poirot .
The bright , fluid , elegant `` Murder on the Orient Express '' seems refreshingly smart and old-fashioned , like an export from the old studio days of Hollywood .
This hokey Agatha Christie contraption has nothing to offer sentient citizens of the 21st Century .
Murder on the Orient Express seems just as hurried to get to the final act as is its spotlighted detective , the world-renowned Hercule Poirot -LRB- played by Branagh himself -RRB- .
To return to why Murder on the Orient Express was remade : Beats me . Maybe it 's someone 's idea of counterprogramming when every other film in the multiplex is for kids or yahoos . Maybe it 's a tax shelter .
Whodunit ? Who took the life of a famous murder mystery and left it dead on the screen ? I accuse ... director and star Kenneth Branagh .
There is too little levity and cleverness afoot , especially with a cast whose talent is barely tapped .
A grand adaptation of the Hercule Poirot novel with a large , diverse ensemble cast aboard a richly appointed luxurious train chugging through sumptuous landscapes .
Murder on the Orient Express is -LSB- Branagh 's -RSB- first foray into Agatha Christie 's oeuvre , and the result is an underwhelming , albeit beautiful film in which the all-star cast is too often overshadowed by a mustache .
Throughout the newest version of Murder on the Orient Express , you are on the outside , looking in , feeling unwelcome even when you desperately want to join the party once it gets going .
The cast is fun , but the mystery kind of flat . By the third act , as the humor is drained and the self-important exposition becomes exhausting , you just want them to get on with solving the riddle .
It 's a respectable , engaging sort of experience that asks little more of you than to spend some time in the parlor room , sizing up a host of agreeably intriguing characters .
Murder on the Orient Express is well-crafted entertainment whose flaws are covered up by great work from Branagh in multiple facets .
So as a star-studded actors ' showcase , Murder on the Orient Express is uncomfortable . As a mystery , it 's a total bust-you 'll care less about solving the murder than about figuring out just what is going on with Branagh 's mustache .
It works as old-school entertainment with just enough melodrama and visual splendor to earn its keep .
The fifteen or so minutes given over to a case involving a rabbi , a priest and an imam ... could have been sorely used in later , more climactic , yet logistically muddled goings on ... tedious and takes itself far too seriously .
The person I most wanted to see murdered on the Orient Express was the central character .
Kenneth Branagh has crafted a handsomely told yarn even though it frays at the end .
With a fine cast mostly wasted , the story is choked out and suffocated by its false attempts to bring mystery and suspense to a story that was already born with it . Agatha Christie deserves better .
Branagh 's Murder on the Orient Express is beautiful but boring . Nothing in this latest iteration substantively stretches , expands or toys with the source material .
It 's exactly as good as you figured it would be , taking few risks and coasting along its expected fast track to formidable drama .
Branagh fusses about with unusual camera angles , improbable outdoor settings and lame action sequences , anything to avoid getting on with the obvious , lining up a surfeit of suspects in the dining car and twisting the truth out of them .
A lot of remakes of Hollywood classics trip over themselves to appeal to modern day crowds , but Branagh is a classicist at heart . In front of and behind the camera , he makes this journey a throwback ride worth taking . All aboard .
Does not have the lush glamour of the 1974 original and the tone is uneven , but the tricky puzzle is still fun to solve -LSB- and -RSB- the international cast makes it entertaining .
A-list actors have a blast with this material It is a bit slow to be of the express variety but this train is definitely worth catching .
Even when the plot and pacing slow considerably in the middle of Murder on the Orient Express , during what 's mainly busy work for the detective , Branagh as Poirot still makes this train trip worthwhile .
A classy , riveting remake , and it will make you want to see even more adventures featuring this particular Poirot .
Characterisations aside , this is a gloriously sumptuous visual feast , with cinematographer Haris Zambarloukos serving up a real chocolate box of a movie unencumbered by too many soft centres .
Although the film will work considerably better for newcomers to the story , there 's enough here to appeal to veterans .
Epic filmmaking then , for a story that 's essentially a single location drawing-room drama . And deft storytelling , too , for a well-known tale that 's been told several times before .
Instead of meticulously matching clues to revelations , it turns Hercule Poirot , Agatha Christie 's famous detective , into an unappealingly emotional Holmes .
... this entirely superfluous remake will have you bewailing the state of entertainment along with the fate of novelist Agatha Christie , whose quaint old wheeze of a parlor-car game deserved to stay fondly remembered .
While you 're intrigued and at times a little perplexed by the plot you 're never hooked .
... The best thing the movie has going for it is Branagh 's performance as world-famous detective Hercule Poirot .
It 's this generous , crowd-pleasing impulse that makes Murder on the Orient Express so fizzingly enjoyable . But it 's also one reason why that enjoyment tails off , and the film runs out of steam before it reaches its destination .
`` Can we please stop with the remakes of Murder on the Orient Express ? '' I ask upon exiting Kenneth Branagh 's fatally tepid new reading of the Agatha Christie classic .
A gorgeous , lavish adaptation -LRB- shot on 65 mm ! -RRB- of a beloved novel , featuring an ensemble cast of some of our best actors doing wonderful work .
Kenneth Branagh 's remake of Murder on the Orient Express is billed as a motion picture . But it might better be thought of as a two-hour moving selfie of the director , who is also the lead star .
Branagh has set his sights on a making a sophisticated , old-fashioned spectacle of design , formal simplicity , and narrative clarity .
You do n't find many ensembles to match these terrified homicide perpetrators or victims .
Kenneth Branagh 's Murder on the Orient Express is an engaging bit of cinematic nostalgia .
Nothing has really changed in Christieworld since the last time you heard this tale . But Branagh 's conservative , classicist instincts let him tell it with vigour .
Branagh may know better than to mess with a ripping good yarn , but he does n't always trust it to stand on its own .
While the classic mystery is n't entirely without its enjoyable moments , there 's a lot that keeps it from reaching the heights to which it aspires .
`` Murder on the Orient Express '' has been . . . murdered !
The result is a passable murder-mystery that gets the job done but is as forgettable as a beach read .
` Murder on the Orient Express ' is 114 minutes ; the 1974 version was 127 minutes . This remake feels longer because it seems to bog down at places , interrupting the flow as Branagh turns the camera on himself , ruminating about his past and his lost love .
... Christie 's characters deserve a Poirot who knows when to step back and just quietly watch .
Murder on the Orient Express is n't particularly mind-blowing , but it serves as good crime story comfort food -- a whodunit that 's easy to settle in with for a couple of hours .
Too . Much . Talking .
Here 's proof that a total train wreck can be boring .
If the mix of tones never quite jells ... the movie is mostly entertaining , with a couple of sparkling moments from the ensemble cast .
Although Branagh delivers a film that 's reasonably watchable , the not-so-mysterious truth is that `` Murder on the Orient Express '' did n't need to be remade .
Branagh 's remake of the Christie classic is enjoyable enough , but it 's not a patch on Lumet 's 1974 ` cavalcade of stars ' version .
Murder on the Orient Express is old-fashioned and fun , and Kenneth Branagh makes a good Poirot .
As director , Branagh mostly stays out of Agatha Christie 's way and lets the material do its surefire thing , except for a couple of ill-advised sequences of people running and jumping .
A stellar cast and lush scenery make this latest filming of Agatha Christie 's 1934 novel an entertaining , if not riveting , journey .
Murder on the Orient Express is a buffet , occasionally tasty , supplied by actors offering unlimited servings of ham .
Like Poirot 's investigation , there 's almost always something off about Murder on the Orient Express , and considering the talent involved , that 's a real shame .
Purists may object to some of the additions Green brings to the table . Yet , most of them feel true to the nature of the story and the characters and help Branagh in preventing this from becoming a staid and static affair .
But even if you see it coming , it 's a treat watching how the quirky detective gets there . As is the rest of this delightful voyage .
Turning Poirot into an action figure with a gun is simply heresy .
Whatever the film lacks in character development , Branagh and cinematographer Haris Zambarloukos seem determined to make up for in stunning images . It 's not a bad tactic .
All is not well when it comes to cinematic sleuthing , as the production tends to gloss over the fine details of certain characters , which leaves the feature feeling empty and anticlimactic .
Midway through a middling film adaptation , like this one , you realize it 's the same old clue-delivery mechanism , in a darker mood but also a less lively one .
If a sequel -LRB- happens and -RRB- it 's as good a journey as this one , then book me a ticket .
This Branagh version makes an honest case for itself , with a flashy opening and an improved ending .
Branagh the actor finds a nice balance between Poirot 's colorful flourishes and his moral seriousness . Branagh the director gives the movie the same balance , and wants the audience to have as much fun as the actors , which is true more often than not .
It 's hard to think of a good reason to bring this familiar character 's most familiar adventure to the screen yet again , and Branagh never quite finds one .
You 'd wish the more delicious performers like Dafoe and especially Cruz had a bit more to chew on . Branagh gets all the good stuff instead , which he chomps with mischievous delight .
Branagh does n't allow Green 's script to dawdle . His pace is relatively brisk , keeping the audience on track and the subplot from getting mired in minutia .
Keeps you guessing until the climactic ending , ... it 's worth the wait .
With all its overly dramatic head turns and frowny faces , the new Murder largely wastes its extremely impressive cast ...
As odd as it might sound , it is somewhat refreshing to sit in a theater and watch a grand scale production that 's not set in space or predetermined by the pages in a comic book .
Murder may lack urgency , but it does have style . The sets , the costumes and the vistas are stunning .
A simple exchange feels colossal from Branagh 's mouth and thank his godly facial fuzz for that because there 's a LOT of blunt exposition Poirot dishes out .
A cheerily uneven but enjoyable adaptation of Agatha Christie 's blockbuster novel .
Kenneth Branagh 's lavish remake is a worthy adaptation of Agatha Christie 's most famous novel .
An Agatha Christie classic whodunit solved the old-fashioned way ... by the extraordinary deductive reasoning of the legendary Hercule Poirot !
Bounces along in a way that 's sometimes almost entertaining .
Murder on the Orient Express ' biggest draw is probably its opportunity for wish fulfilment for anyone who 's ever played those murder mystery dinner games or dreamed of living the -LRB- early 20th century -RRB- high-life on a train across Europe .
My dear . It could have been done in a dozen or more so much simpler ways .
As an actor , Branagh plies his sleuth with welcome humor and curmudgeonly charm . As a director , he moves the action well .
Though this shamelessly showboating affair almost stuffs up the ending , the movie ticks enough of the right boxes to adequately satisfy the world 's many Poirot purists -LRB- and Christie crackpots -RRB- .
Branagh does n't seem to want to be the defining take on Christie 's procedural genius . He just seeks an amusing and playful one , and it works .
The painterliness of this new Murder on the Orient Express connects to a principle animating its plot . All Poirot stories hold that the truth is beautiful . But in this story , truth is not the same as certainty .
I felt like Royal Tenenbaum watching Margot 's play .
This is a lethally dull and ugly movie that possesses all the suspense of a damp hand towel .
In a lavish , star-studded murder mystery , the big takeaway should n't be Kenneth Branagh 's facial hair .
Those with a foggy memory of the 1974 MOTHOE film will be pleasantly surprised by this more upscale and visually appealing version starring and directed by actor/director Kenneth Branagh .
And while it helps if you 've never read Christie 's story before , even those who have will come away hoping to see more of Branagh as the thickly-mustachioed detective , Hercule Poirot .
`` Murder on the Orient Express , '' full of movie stars and fake snow and perfect for holiday viewing , is an unceremonious dud .
Branagh is upstaged by his moustache as master detective Hercule Poirot . His retro mystery offers a deluxe journey to the past , but this pokey train goes off the rails about the time all the characters , except for Poirot , cease to matter .
Sumptuous , old-fashioned fun ... the perfect movie to take mom to this holiday season .
The beginning is a rollicking ride that will likely leave audiences craving more Christie , and here 's hoping we do see Branagh return as Poirot - his rendition is too fun to be cut short .
The film 's biggest liberty is to make Hercule Poirot 's ultimate decision more palatable for American sensibilities .
While Kenneth Branagh 's latest incarnation ca n't rival Sidney Lumet 's original 1974 version for its all-star credentials , it is by far the more enjoyable and cinematic interpretation ...
If you are looking for a lush and enjoyably old-fashioned feature , Kenneth Branagh has done a fine job of bringing Christie 's tale of murder to life .
Murder on the Orient Express recalls a somewhat older style of filmmaking , with both the delights and deficits endemic to a particular era of period melodrama .
A lushly old-fashioned adaptation wrapped in a veritable turducken of pearls , monocles , and international movie stars .
Murder On The Orient Express is an antique mystery that chugs along at 5-miles an hour without any turns that might jolt viewers in the slightest .
A handsomely furnished holiday movie that should have devoted more attention to its many ornaments and less to the tinsel at the top , this `` Murder on the Orient Express '' loses steam as soon as it leaves the station .
The scenery and spectacular production values of director/star Kenneth Branagh 's remake of the Agatha Christie classic outshine the all star cast . It helps if you do n't know whodunnit .
An enjoyably staged , if wholly inconsequential Sunday afternoon potboiler , which try as he might , Branagh ca n't quite imbue with heft .
Doubly dated , lacking in humor and subtext , its impressive cast deliberately underutilized , this is little more than an exercise in gorgeous production design .
Despite its dated sensibilities , and Branagh 's awkward updates , Murder on the Orient Express remains a lulling , cushiony pleasure .
Branagh has given a familiar tale some extra bite .
The result is a gorgeous-looking and thoroughly entertaining period delight , a riot of crystal glassware , mahogany-lined railway carriages and pyrotechnic flambé pans ; not to mention the most extravagant moustache since General Kitchener .
It 's colourful and well appointed but essentially period fluff .
It 's classic Branagh : sweeping landscapes , thundering score , capital-A Acting , and , excitingly - at least for format nerds like me - it 's shot on 65 mm film .
The biggest crime Branagh commits is wasting one of the most impressive ensemble casts in recent history , reducing Poirot 's 12 suspects to one-dimensional background characters .
A broken mechanism whose wheezes and clanks offer only hints of Lumet 's delightful film .
While `` Murder '' involves master detective Hercule Poirot tackling his most challenging case , Branagh does n't prove comparably formidable , delivering a finely manicured but decidedly uninvolving adaptation of Agatha Christie 's celebrated whodunit .
Michelle Pfeiffer , Penelope Cruz , Josh Gad , Willem Dafoe , Judi Dench , Daisy Ridley - this train positively teems with mildly overacting thespians , and all enter into the spirit of this snug and watchable piece of period silliness with aplomb .
Michelle Pfeiffer , as tempestuous widow Mrs. Hubbard , is ultimately the only person to seize attention away from Branagh 's ` tache .
Seeing Johnny Depp back in a decent movie is a luxury that time should indulge .
If it 's all a little too crowded with characters , Branagh 's pacy direction keeps the story zipping along .
If Ustinov emphasised the humour of Poirot and Suchet the meticulousness , Branagh manages to bridge the two , while also bringing an unexpected note of soulfulness and melancholy to his performance .
A deliciously kitsch affair , and affectionately so - with perhaps the only criticism in that department being that it does n't play up to its absurdity quite enough .
An old-fashioned murder mystery repackaged from the blockbuster set . Works despite itself .
The major mystery is n't the killer 's identity . It is what possible point anyone imagined there could be to remaking Murder on the Orient Express ...
Murder On The Orient Express contains one of Christie 's cleverest plots and Branagh transforms it into lavish , razzle-dazzle escapism .
Does this movie pump exciting new life into Christie 's story ? Not really . Its main fresh twist is to Poirot 's moustache , which practically becomes a character in its own right .
The film ... lurches wildly between respectful adaptation and clueless remake .
Branagh , who also directs , wisely focuses on the detective and his moral dilemmas rather than the murder mystery .
This film never gets up a head of steam .
Where Murder On The Orient Express succeeds is in Branagh 's fast pacing and the suspense he maintains throughout ; each suspect is given screen time , and each has a plausible reason for murder , but none of them are lingered on for too long .
It hardly stirs the heart , at least not as much as you feel it should have done .
Branagh adheres to Christie 's ideal with his performance but remains in the shadow of TV 's David Suchet .
Given the confined nature of the material as well as its period-specific aspects , this is a yarn that does not exactly invite radical reinterpretation . As such , its appeal is confined to the traditional niceties of being a clever tale well told .
Kenneth Branagh 's take on Agatha Christie 's eccentric detective is one for the age .
Branagh has mapped out his film as scrupulously as his screen alter ego does the investigation , and fights the tendency for starchy period stories to wilt into camp . But a shade more playfulness would have gone a long way .
Although never moving at full tilt the movie gains momentum , powered by the anxious energy of many high class show-offs jostling for screen time .
The cast is overdressed and underworked .
Shooting in 65 mm , Branagh delivers all of the eye-saucering exteriors you 'd expect , as mountaintops soar , sunlight glints at the end of tunnels and stations snuggle under a duvet of blue snow .

@highlight

Stylish production and an all-star ensemble keep this Murder on the Orient Express from running off the rails , even if it never quite builds up to its classic predecessor 's illustrious head of steam .