This film deserves a gold plaque in the plague of summer stink bombs ...
The film 's temporal ineptitude would give Doc Brown a seizure , suggesting that an evolutionary mishap alters some creatures but conveniently leaves our bland heroes -- and Ben Kingsley 's silly wig -- completely unchanged .
Based on the Ray Bradbury short story of the same name , this is a colassal disapopintment - unworthy of the memorable source material .
The special effects are on par with a basic film you 'd see about a giant squid on the Sci-Fi Channel , and the story is just as boring .
The film is full of rumbling sounds that will make your innards tremble -LRB- at least in some theaters -RRB- . But that 's about all it has going for it .
Good idea unsuccessfully realised with Ed Burns doing his best .
A catastrophe of bad acting , ludicrous science and conspicuously cheap special effects that ca n't even follow its own internal logic from one scene to the next .
A remarkably bad film .
There 's plenty of room to poke holes in the premise , but folks willing to suspend disbelief can still have a good time .
About the best that can be said for it is that it might be appreciated ages hence as purest camp . Frankly , I 'm not willing to wait around long enough to find out .
As a time-travel story , A Sound of Thunder does n't exactly rewrite genre history ; rather , it 's an authentic blast from the past , an unpretentious B-movie .
A interessantíssima premissa é desperdiçada pelo roteiro capenga , as atuações sem vida , os efeitos visuais constrangedores e pela direção surpreendentemente amadora de Hyams .
Is A Sound of Thunder a great movie ? Not even close .
This film will be a real disappointment for its lack of logic and even the misunderstanding of the original story .
Ed Burns , Catherine McCormack and Ben Kingsley are n't aiming for Oscars , or even accolades , with their performances , but their choices make this over-budgeted B-movie fun to watch .
Lobotomized from a Ray Bradbury short story , A Sound of Thunder stars Edward Burns as a scientist -LRB- insert raucous laughter here -RRB- ...
At the risk of making an overly broad and limiting generalization , it 's generally wise to make sure an action movie 's plot has actually kicked into gear by the time the first hour has elapsed .
It 's somehow refreshing to know that the spirit , if not the flesh , of Edward D. Wood Jr. lives on .
Bradbury-inspired time-travel sci-fi flick is bad , boring and bland -- in every possible way .
There 's very little in this Jurassic dork of a movie that works .
I do not think science works the way they think it works .
Conjures a future out of painfully unconvincing special effects .
A remarkably incompetent science-fiction thriller .
Burns still ca n't carry a picture , and Kingsley is laughably bad as the corporate meanie .
A green-screen mess without much rumble .
Forget about all those phony CGI ape/dinosaurs , this film really posits the impossible when it predicts that the Cubs will win two World Series before Y3K .
-LRB- Peter -RRB- Hyams gives us the worst green-screen scenes in modern history .
No matter where Burns lands , he has to contend with special effects that could be the worst ever committed to celluloid .
The concept was given more entertaining treatment on various episodes of Star Trek and a Halloween episode of The Simpsons .
You 'll hear something , but it 's not a sound of thunder . It 's a sound of a bomb .
The barometer of the film 's undoing is Burns 's super low-key performance , which starts out as a poker-faced spoof on heroic cool , but takes a misstep more fatal than mere time-travel can undo .
Amusingly clueless - the cinematic equivalent of your crazy uncle who tries unsuccessfully to incorporate hip-hop lingo into his speech so that the kids will be impressed .
So perfect in its awfulness , it makes one seriously consider a theory of unintelligent design .
A monument to bad cinema .
The movie 's most political aspect may be its quaint respect for the basic principles of evolution .
There is nothing good about this film except the acting .
Even a single butterfly can alter the course of evolution - particularly if this butterfly is tattooed over Britney Spears ' crotch .
Edward Burns was an appropriate casting choice , since Bradbury often wrote about robots .
What number is less than zero ?
Take it with a grain of salt and a bowl of popcorn .
In this visual jungle it becomes difficult to overlook the paucity of compelling acting , direction or script .
Overflows with cheesy special effects and less than stellar performances .
That noise you hear from the theater is n't thunder , it is the sound of thousands of movie-goers moaning in pain .
-LSB- Y -RSB- ou almost have to admire its willingness to be completely and utterly detached not just from reality but from simple storytelling coherence .
The profoundly unconvincing CGI work only makes the sorry screenplay and lackluster performances look worse .
Many video games look more authentic than this .
An exciting , uneven thriller that explores the ripple effect of altering one tiny moment in the distant past .
Despite its cardboard characters and technical ineptness , it 's earnest , unpretentious and , overall , surprisingly entertaining .
It 's too bad they could n't travel back in time and stop this movie from being made .
If movies have personalities , this one has an appealing one , combining scientific inquisitiveness with giddy pleasure in creating tension for viewers .
A Sound of Thunder takes an interesting science fiction concept and relegates it to the secondary role of servicing a limp action/adventure movie .
Some of this might have passed muster in a Twilight Zone episode , which would have been an ideal home for such a tale .
Told by director Peter Hyams with a minimum of logic , little suspense and indifferent acting .
A Sound of Thunder relies almost entirely on computer-generated image effects and , sadly , they 're poor .
As a plot contrivance , time travel is such a headache you wonder why Hollywood keeps returning to it -- let alone a director like Peter Hyams , who having directed Jean-Claude Van Damme in Timecop , has already made this mistake once .
Kingsley proceeds through his scenes on autopilot , and Burns is the kind of actor you cast as the hero when a piece of wood is unavailable .
The filmmakers of A Sound of Thunder , like a T. rex with indigestion , have simply bitten off more than they could chew .
Director Peter Hyams and his cast seem determined to play this hokum with a straight face , except for Ben Kingsley , who is clearly trying to give the worst performance possible -- it 's almost as if he 's begging Hyams to cut his scenes out of the movie .
The dialogue strives for witty banter , but most laughs are unintentional .
Watching A Sound of Thunder could possibly lower your IQ into the single digits .
A Sound of Thunder looks cobbled together from a half-baked screenplay and underdone special effects , but it 's made with a certain heedless zeal that makes you smile if you 're in tune with it .
A work of unintelligent design .
Our advice : Wait until it 's on the Sci Fi Channel , and then watch something else .
Little questions lead to big ones . Why am I here ? When will this stop ?
Bradbury 's classic 1952 short story is brilliant and thought-provoking ; the movie is n't . On the bright side , it 's bad in a campy , `` ooh , it 's on cable at 2 am '' kind of way .
On the evolutionary scale , this B-movie misfire hovers pretty close to amoeba status .
The Ed Burns time-travel flick A Sound of Thunder takes us back 65 million years , to approximately the last moment when anyone still thought Ed Burns was talented .
There may have been more ludicrous , preposterous movies sci-fi movies this summer . I just do n't remember one . Pitiful and lame - it 's a step backward .
As usual , a cool Ray Bradbury story has been translated into a horrifyingly bad film .
Caught awkwardly ... between massive scope and something more honed and finite ...
In the future people are going to look at this with the same fascination that we reserve for movies like Plan 9 From Outer Space - yes , it 's really that bad .
The special effects in this pic make Land of the Lost look like Jurassic Park .
It 's the kind of bad movie that 's so inoffensive and harmless that it almost seems unfair to point out how bad it is .
The kind of bad that can only be appreciated by those who have seen the `` faithful '' three-hour straight-to-video adaptation of H.G. Wells ' The War of the Worlds
To describe what 's wrong with this perfectly serviceable pulp scenario requires only one word : everything .
D'oh ! Would n't you know it , someone steps off the path , crushing a butterfly and sentencing us to true movie terror .
One wonders why Hollywood is so determined to churn out outlandish tales of manufactured peril when the real world is scary enough .
The performances are wooden and dull . The writing is weak and character development non-existent .
This picture achieves a level of badness that is its own form of sublimity .
A Sound of Thunder is worth noting , if only as a real contender for worst movie of the year .
The most remarkable special effect is Ben Kingsley 's hair , a thick thatch so white it almost glows in the dark and a little white soul patch under his lip . Now that 's scary .
As Ryer -LRB- Burns -RRB- ... says , ` We have to make sure this never happens again . ' We beg you .
Sing , muse ! Sing of a century-hence future when we shall all/Drive impractically bulky cars and pay through the teeth/To hunt dinosaurs on a TimeSafari to the past !
Virtually nothing in A Sound of Thunder is convincing .
Just another air-conditioned thrill ride through a house of horrors , implying nothing except the rock-bottom bankruptcy of subtle minds in pop culture .
A catastrophe of bad acting , ludicrous science and conspicuously cheap special effects that ca n't even follow its own internal logic from one scene to the next .
One redeeming feature of this picture is that it will make great fodder for those make-fun-of-the-movie TV shows .
There is every indication that most of the cast did n't feel Thunder was worth the expenditure of excessive effort .
A gloriously lead-footed excursion into time travel with all the accoutrements of 1950s science fiction : an absurd plot , cliched characters , corny effects and a race against time to save mankind .
Inept on all imaginable levels . The only Thunder heard will be audiences stampeding in droves out of the theater to escape sheer torture and misery .
What manner of beast might have evolved on Earth had a single butterfly been squashed 65 million years ago ? Monkeysaurus !
Even in a season of bad action movies , this one marks a new low ... does n't go beyond the level of the most puerile 1940s serial .
I kept waiting for those guys from Mystery Science Theater to pop up in the corner of the screen .
Have you seen the trailer ? If so , then that 's as close to watching the movie as you should get .
-LSB- not -RSB- just a bad movie , it is one that is so hopelessly ridiculous , so relentlessly inept , that it sullies the art of filmmaking as a whole .
A good B movie . A Sound of Thunder once again proves that nobody , possibly with the exception of Paul Verhoeven , does sci-fi thrillers better than Peter Hyams .




@highlight

Choppy logic and uneven performances are overshadowed by not-so-special effects that makes the suspension of disbelief a nearly impossible task .