While I 'm not one to say `` wait it out '' often , I now implore you to keep you eye out for `` Get Low , '' see it at your earliest convenience , and be patient .
Quiet character study is stellar but wo n't appeal to kids .
This is a film about a man who does n't speak to the world for 40 years , and once it comes time , the movie wo n't let him , or itself , shut up .
Highly unusual drama - with black comedy elements - which allows Duvall to showcase his refined skills .
The ponderous route of the film is livened up by the presence of the deadpan Bill Murray
The mighty Robert Duvall delivers an astounding turn as a man whose soul is burdened by the weight of regret in Get Low .
Basically , it 's Hollywood slush dressed up as American Gothic .
It 's Duvall 's film , and he brings a gravity and poetry to Bush that sets him apart from the script 's more prosaic moments .
Get Low is a handmade kind of film . Its ambitions are modest , but fully attained . I rarely use the words `` go see it '' , but I hope a lot of people do .
As if it even needs to be said , Robert Duvall really is great as Felix Bush ; he reveals himself so slowly and steadily , as to unveil facets of his character and personality only when he sees fit . It 's a performance that deserves a better screenplay .
Duvall shines in engaging tale of guilt and redemption
A performance film with soul and heart and a terrific sense of the place and time , with music to match , this is a film for the movie connoisseur
Here 's a film that grabs you from the outset and keeps you intrigued throughout its story about life , love and redemption
Robert Duvall is 79 now and still hits it out of the park every time .
Duvall 's work here has little in way of grand emotional declarations or Oscar-reel moments , but it is a calmly anguished , fiercely committed turn .
Robert Duvall , Sissy Spacek and Bill Murray lend their mega-watt talents to a undemanding movie . Beautifully shot but let down by an underwhelming final act .
Featuring some enthralling performances from Murray , Spacek and last but by no means least the great Duvall , you might find yourself whimpering unexpectedly in this looming yet comical adaptation of a Tennessee fable .
Sweet and gentle and occasionally makes you crave a catnap .
... as much a celebration of Duvall in the December of his years as anything else . He 's mesmerizing to watch -- still able to electrify the screen and disappear into characters despite our familiarity with him
Get Low has all the modest pleasures of a well-told tale .
Get Low 's one saving grace is Murray 's melancholic presence , which acts as a counterpoint to the rest of the film 's desperate-to-be-loved banality .
1930s-set , treacle-pulsed snooze - 'em - up .
With Duvall 's performance , a fastpaced script and a Big Speech near the end , this is practically a love letter to the Oscars , although its melancholic tone and hit-and-miss humour make for a middling affair .
Aaron Schneider 's southern folk tale comes slathered in corn syrup , oozing its way towards a climax that 's not so much big reveal as dying whimper .
Beautifully shot , beautifully acted , Get Low pretends to be a comedy about an odd man who wants to go to his own funeral and turns out to be a melancholy story about the way one tragic incident can change a man 's life .
Get Low is an unexceptional film , but Duvall 's presence elevates it beyond all expectation
First-time director Aaron Schneider cut his teeth as a cinematographer , so it 's no wonder Get Low is so meticulously and beautifully shot .
Get Low is beautifully made , has a decent script and features terrific performances from Robert Duvall and Bill Murray , but it somehow fails to deliver the emotional hit it 's aiming for .
That the finale ends up being trite is a shame , but the long , gentle jaunt to arrive there is a pleasurable one .
There 's a sneaky sense throughout that too much significance and import has been put on what is not much more than a shaggydog tale . Yet when the old dog in question is Robert Duvall , you can hardly begrudge the filmmakers for giving it a pat .
The creaky foreshadowing is a big problem , and the movie runs in place for most of its second half , though Duvall manages to pull it back on track with his climactic soliloquy , which sobers and silences the carnivalesque funeral party .
The film is well-written and well-acted by a talented cast of performers .
Get Low takes a `` low '' budget and proves that you don?t need big buck effects and an investment of millions to make a great film . Imagination and a great cast does the trick .
Duvall inhabits Bush?s world well , every small gesture authentic to the life of a man re-entering the world after a 40-year exile .
-LRB- Duvall -RRB- unbalances what otherwise might be a delicate , sweetly comic movie about mortality and regret ; sinking it with his flinty gravitas and careful inarticularaties .
Get Low Driven by Duvall 's Powerful Performance .
Great actors can at times elevate so-so material .
It has a lived-in quality that makes it feel authentic , and the actors bring a lifetime of experiences to a story that unfolds with the shadow of death constantly looming .
A wonderfully constructed and beautifully acted fable that serves as a reminder of how much of a treasure Robert Duvall is .
The bad dudes from `` Deliverance '' once ran away squealing from Robert Duvall . He went down to Georgia and stole Charlie Daniel 's fiddle . Robert Duvall is now the backwoods equivalent of Chuck Norris .
Robert Duvall got his start in movies nearly a half-century ago playing a lonely , misunderstood recluse , Boo Radley , in To Kill a Mockingbird , and Get Low completes the circle .
Cobbled together from the Coen Brothers leftovers and sprinkled with a healthy dose of lax local color , Get Low argues for the cinematic value inherent in a consistent tone .
Duvall gives a masterful performance dealing with his cantankerous character 's mortality . He is a guilt-ridden lost soul who draws sympathy for a wasted life . This movie brings to mind `` That Evening Sun '' ...
Duvall 's rigid devotion to the image of the folksy Southern sage does mean that he 's long lost the ability to surprise ... An Oscar campaign is guaranteed to be built around him , but it 's really Murray who allows Get Low to hit its high notes .
Robert Duvall expresses his character 's eccentric charm best during one-to-one scenes with fellow screen veterans Bill Murray and Sissy Spacek .
The flawed final act does n't sink the film , because we expected all along that the confessions of Felix Bush would be no match for the presence of Robert Duvall .
With this ensemble ... the journey is always interesting .
A slow-burn rural drama that seems to unfold somewhere between real-life and deep-fried folk tale , Get Low serves as a reminder that the pleasures of life as frequently lie in the journey as the destination .
The story is as much a mystery as it is a drama . And there 's quite a bit of low-key humor , mostly provided by Duvall and Murray , who 's a hoot .
The Depression-era fable has about a novella 's worth of story stretched to fill a feature-length film . But since some of that padding is wonderful bits of character acting from two actors at the peak of their game , you do n't mind one bit .
Bill Murray is among the half-dozen greatest character actors working in Hollywood
A good little movie that is apt to seem even more than that thanks to the performances of Robert Duvall , Sissy Spacek and Bill Murray .
A slyly intriguing , powerful , upredictable fable , a uniquely American folktale .
A moving morality play about the steep price guilt is capable of exacting on a tortured soul consumed with overwhelming regret .
A very mild anecdote elongated into a venerated performer 's hushed Oscar-night valedictory
, , , sits there inert on the screen expecting to be admired rather than actually creating an experience worthy of your admiration .
Duvall has graduated to the status of old coot , and Get Low is something like his 75th movie , yet he approaches the performance with the vigor and devotion of an eager young actor fresh out of drama school .
Eccentric and ultimately touching .
Schneider spends copious amounts of celluloid introducing us to characters with no real character arcs in service of an event that 's not seen as much of an event at all .
Within its familiar contours and friendly confines are remarkable performers doing their best to turn something simple into something memorable .
-LSB- T -RSB- hough the parts may not come together as they should , there 's something satisfying ... about Get Low 's individual parts , even separately ...
It contains yet another pitch-perfect performance by Robert Duvall , who has given more great performances over the age of 60 than any actor , probably ever .
Get Low is a slice of folksy angst , which Robert Duvall seizes with a firm grasp . It 's a movie about approaching death , given vibrant life by its wonderful leading actor .
At this stage of his career you could watch Duvall mow the lawn and be transfixed and enraptured .
It affords Duvall a terrific role , harking back to his screen debut as one of literature 's great loners , Boo Radley .
The things it does well only look easy ; witness so many other limp and lifeless attempts to accomplish what it achieves so deftly .
I can unreservedly recommend most of the movie , but would it be crazy to suggest that you walk out early ?
Even Spacek , whose role is less than challenging , is given space to explore it -- and Murray , Black and Duvall have rarely been better .
Get Low is a character showcase for some of this country 's finest statesman actors-Robert Duvall , Bill Murray and Sissy Spacek . With names like that , does the plot even matter ?
A film that has the best special effects of all -- a well-wrought script , great acting , understated direction and ... the needed period feel without showiness .
Cinematographer-turned-director Schneider lights the film like an old master , and sees the feral glory of his boondocks locations .
It 's Duvall , spooky , sly , and sad , who makes all the props and the plot twists seem real .
It 's a piece of charming , low-key Americana ...
The film brings such compelling displays of woodsy isolation and small-town routine , it 's almost a shame there has to be a story to block the view .
Affable , warm , kinda boring
Stack this one up beside Tender Mercies , Sling Blade , and The Apostle in Duvall 's remarkable scrapbook of countrified eccentrics .
Overdirecting in the worst amateur fashion , Schneider hard-sells a quaint story to the point where this allegedly humble little movie feels like it 's puffing out its chest all the time .
Duvall , Murray , Cobbs and Black show off their amazing talent and bring this simple but affecting story to life
Modest to the point of nothingness , Aaron Schneider 's debut feature Get Low mistakes simplicity for authenticity .
Worth seeing for Duvall 's performance alone and it heralds the arrival of a very interesting and creative young director in Schneider .
The moment of revelation might have seemed hokey , but Duvall does n't allow it . Instead , he makes the scene triumphant , guiding ` Get Low ' to its final destination with the steadiest of hands .
Only a film-going hermit -- at least as isolated as Robert Duvall 's cantankerous mountain man -- would fail to appreciate the rarity and reward of Get Low .
It 's Duvall and Murray who make Get Low a small , wonderful thing .
Instead of being good even without Duvall , Get Low is mediocre with Duvall .
Duvall is a true American original .
A welcome late-career showcase for Robert Duvall ... fits snugly into the traditions of Southern literature , particularly the tensions between gentility and eccentricity , the community and the individual , and man and God .
It is a genuine , often hilarious period piece with Aaron Schneider firmly in control of an impressive lineup of actors and a smoothly inviting script .
Although it could have used more Erskine Caldwell-style ribaldry and less Faulknerian biblical flourishes , it works .
Duvall 's pretty much the whole show here and he 's a sight to see .
This film , calm but full of feeling , relays an intriguing story brought to life by some beautiful actors .
Duvall adds sparkle with his cryptic decrepitude -- until that becomes as mannered and canned as the rest of the movie .
After you get to a certain point with an actor , you do n't much care what he does , you just want to watch him doing it . So it is with Duvall and Murray .
Duvall turns Felix into much more than a grump with a secret , even if Get Low leans too hard on that secret .
A fine example of excellent filmmaking on a modest budget . Its story sticks with you after the credits roll , a testament to the power of a good tale simply told on the big screen .
Amid the tangled narrative that Felix has made of his life is a startlingly countercultural notion , almost foreign to Hollywood cinema : Love , by itself , is not enough .
Get Low is deftly played , and it rarely mislays its ambling charm ...
Duvall is Duvall , which is all the reason you need to check out the sly and charming Get Low
Poorly-directed and often drags while lacking palpable tension . Robert Duvall and Sissy Spacek 's well-nuanced performances ca n't save it from sinking into a mostly forgettable , stale drama .
Duvall 's acting often consists more of hissing , sighing and clicking of the tongue than actual dialogue , so playing a man of few words fits beautifully .
The emotional mystery at the film 's core is beautifully disseminated , and while what is revealed is n't a huge surprise it is so simple and poetic I was still deeply moved when truth finally hit the light of day .
These three pros take a story that could have been pure schmaltz and spin it into pure gold .
So richly and comfortably human that it hardly needs the melodramatic amplification of its end .
Schneider tells us the whole story right there , but Mr. Duvall , who 's probably looking at another Oscar nomination next year , gives it a heart .
Schneider has fashioned a measured fable , witty and deeply felt , if at times tipping into melodrama .
Schneider , who began his career as a cinematographer , films the story beautifully , with particularly subtle and lovely lighting . And the movie has a heck of a cast .
Get Low gifts us with an extraordinary coda to Duvall 's 48 years of characters that we find seemingly impossible to erase from our collective cinematic memories .
Thanks to the skill of these actors , the tragic moments come out quietly and the comic ones come out warmly .
A sincere but gamey mixture of cornball sentimentality and faux-period -LRB- not to mention faux-regional -RRB- detail .
breaks through potential tedium with such consistency that he strings the movie along , threatening to make the whole thing work
Duvall 's in peak form with a role that seems tailor made for him and the film has regional and period veracity .
So long as someone 's making movies about stoic cranks with stubborn streaks , Robert Duvall will be able to find work .
With Duvall , you never see technique , but you always see a face . It 's the best thing an actor can show the world ; really , it 's the only thing .
For a filmmaker who has worked mostly in contemporary settings in television , film , music videos and commercials , Schneider shows eyes and ears marvelously attuned to the past .
One of the Best Films of 2010 with its authentic , telling , and moving depiction of the difficulty of forgiving ourselves .
All you need to know is that Get Low puts Duvall and Murray in the same movie . Only a fool would want to miss that .
It 's got miracle-worker actors , but only a miracle-worker director could pull off this drivel .
No matter how many wily old Southern coots and rascals Robert Duvall has played , he always finds a way to play another one and make him a fresh , unique presence .
Simple , straightforward and stirring without sentimentality , Get Low is a treasure .
Duvall is sleepwalking here , displaying none of the unsettling and deep-rooted vitality he brought to such recent films as We Own the Night and The Road .
The stars are quite literally aligned for widespread critical approval of ` Get Low , ' but the movie 's aura of prestige hardly reflects the subpar reality .
Quiet and precise , it 's a character drama that treats modesty as a virtue in and of itself .
Get Low is a pleasure to watch .
A subtle treasure , a soulful film with a wicked wit , with an ensemble of canny veterans who know terrific material when they 've got it .
It 's a pleasure to see what kind of career Bill Murray craving out for himself with this sort of this choice .
Not only Duvall shines . Murray , in case anybody still doubted it , is one of the finest character actors in America .
Slow , even deliberate , the film boasts an excellent supporting cast and impeccable period details .
Features knockout performances from an especially fine cast while exploring serious issues from a refreshingly low-key perspective
With a mix of sly humor , homespun grace and affecting poignancy , Get Low casts a well-nigh irresistible spell while spinning a Depression-era folk tale from the Tennessee backwoods .
A very entertaining character study .
Get Low is a movie to savor for the exceptional performances .
Duvall continues to amaze me ; he 's reached that magical age for an older actor , where they 've been doing it so long , it becomes second nature .
If performance nods for this early-summer character piece materializes , it may pick up a second life , and attention commensurate with its better qualities .
Get Low , starring Bill Murray and Robert Duvall , shows off the lost art of storytelling . Wry , funny , and poignant -- Get Low is a treat .
... a lovely film about regret , self-punishment and redemption on a human scale .
`` Get Low '' is yet another gem in Duvall 's storied acting crown .
Robert Duvall gives an Oscar-caliber performance as the reclusive outsider in this Southern Gothic fact-inspired tale , which contains elements of mystery , drama and comedy .
A film rife with subtle humor and a certain joie de vivre borne out of the notion that it 's never too late for even the most lost of souls to reenter the land of the living .
Robert Duvall can do no wrong .
A dialogue - and character-driven whimsical tale that boasts a solid re-creation of the old South .
This is not a big film , but is one with a very big heart .
The results are entertaining -- up to a point .
Although this is worth watching purely for Duvall 's superb turn , he does n't want for support .
There 's a lot more to like about Get Low than just another fantastic Robert Duvall performance .
... an affable piece of work whose individual elements are often more engrossing than the whole ...

@highlight

Subtle to a fault , this perfectly cast ensemble drama is lifted by typically sharp performances from Robert Duvall and Bill Murray .