This film , while hardly being a masterpiece of cinema , has more than its share of gripping moments and emotional revelations .
Janet Tobias has expertly crafted this tale of Jewish families in the western Ukraine fighting for their lives by ferreting underground and living for nearly a year and a half in dark , damp caves in the countryside .
This is the remarkable story of a few of Holocaust survivors who lived over 500 days in caves , coming out into the light only when the German army had been driven from the Ukraine .
It plays out as a unique real-life adventure Holocaust story , that touches the heart strings .
This is a nearly forgotten chapter of Holocaust history brought back to life by this documentary .
A powerful true-life story gets a rather pedestrian treatment in this compelling documentary .
No Place on Earth is a satisfying hybrid that allows another worthwhile glimpse into courage during times of horrible tragedy ...
An extraordinary combination of documentary and dramatization ... a Holocaust film that 's also a modern detective story .
Perhaps too many reenactments , but nevertheless a moving tale of human endurance .
None of my formal quibbles is meant to make light of this heroic story . Indeed , some chronicle is better than no chronicle , but the past exists only in the retelling ; how history is written is as important as the story itself .
`` No Place on Earth '' is at its most moving when showing us , in close-up , the still-haunted faces of the cave dwellers , many of whom tell their stories to director Janet Tobias ' camera .
-LSB- A -RSB- fascinating but frustrating documentary ...
The film is not without its flaws , but the story it tells is both terrifying and inspiring .
After nine years of research , Nicola unearthed an amazing chapter in WWII history .
It is joyous to see these people , then children , now old , in natural light , and it is extraordinary to see them return to the cave that sheltered them .
There 's a great book there , but `` No Place on Earth '' director Janet Tobias chose to fill the gaps in the story with lengthy , indifferently acted `` re-creations '' that lead us to question how much of what we 're seeing is true and how much is fictionalized .
The producer 's hand is heavy in No Place on Earth , but it ultimately ca n't sink the inspiring tale of endurance .
There have been many films detailing horrific aspects of the Holocaust . `` No Place On Earth '' has a definite place in the ranks of the best .
The final piece of the documentary may be the most startling of all .
The Holocaust-survival documentary is almost a cliché at this point , but Janet Tobias ' documentary provides yet another proof that there 's a virtually infinite supply of such stories .
The movie is engaging but appallingly superficial when it considers the larger history of the Holocaust .
The story told by Janet Tobias ' documentary `` No Place on Earth '' is enough to transcend the film 's limitations .
In No Place on Earth , director Janet Tobias explores this profound discovery , shedding light on a incredible story of endurance .
Add one more extraordinary survival tale to the canon of Holocaust documentaries : `` No Place on Earth . ''
`` No Place on Earth '' depends heavily on re-enactments , but Tobias handles them delicately and keeps a lid on any overemoting .
A caving hobby reveals the story of a lifetime and an astonishing testimony to the spirit of family and survival .
A substantial contribution to Holocaust cinema .
Just when you thought you 'd seen the horror of the Holocaust from every perspective , this somber but ultimately uplifting true story of survival takes you to a whole new place-literally underground .
Curious mystery unfolds with enthralling suspense amidst harrowing details and astonishes in this unique story that 's an insightful tribute to the power and spirit of family .
The film mixes emotional accounts by proud survivors from two families with foreign-language re-enactments that are perhaps too faithfully murky .
The film is built from moving , frank interviews with survivors from two families who hid , speaking over and around extensive re-enactments .
At first a mystery unraveled by its discoverer and narrator Chris Nicola , ` No Place on Earth ' manages to convey suspense in a tale whose outcome is already a given .
No Place On Earth mixes present-day interviews with re-enactments that illustrate the speakers ' words without adding much to them .
This story is both uplifting and awe-inspiring . It deserves to be told better .
Unfortunately , the telling , by director Janet Tobias , is no match for the story .
A remarkable story made almost unremarkable in the hands of lazy filmmaking .
Sheds light on a larger inquiry delving into the human psyche , and why some people succumb to fate while others go to extremes to resist and survive . Along with insights into courage versus fear and collaboration among spectators of the victimized .
A reminder of a horrifying period in history and a primer on the resilience and determination of which human beings are capable .
A well-crafted documentary variation on `` Defiance , '' Ukrainian Jews saving themselves by going underground -- literally .
The incredible but true story of a Jewish family that hid from the Nazis in a cave for 511 days , done as a hybrid of documentary and narrative .

@highlight

No Place on Earth is a haunting and well-researched -- if occasionally uneven -- account of human endurance in Nazi Germany .