Abrams ' high stakes , every second counts pacing gets the best out of franchise star Tom Cruise resulting in easily the series ' best pure action installment .
The best of the first three for its nonstop action and sometimes pulse-pounding excitement .
The latest in the Mission : Impossible franchise , Mission : Impossible III is high on intrigue , but a bit too obvious in its construction to be as effecting as it tries to be .
Had a pop artist handled this , the franchise could have had its On Her Majesty 's Secret Service ; with machines directing machines , however , it 's closer to its Live and Let Die
Abrams ' installment into an otherwise mediocre trilogy is entertaining .
Without an outsize directorial vision it looks even more like sub-007 than the others did .
... this snappy installment is a marked improvement over John Woo 's surprisingly dull sequel , though the set pieces lack the elegance and visual coherence of the Brian de Palma original .
The sad truth is that Ethan will always be better at saving the world than saving his marriage and fans of the first two films are likely to find the agent 's journey of the heart an unwelcome distraction
Mr. Abrams , it seems , has chosen to accept his mission . And I 'll be darned if he does n't succeed .
Sit back , and simply enjoy all the spectacular stunt work , chase scenes , f/x , pyrotechnics , gunplay , and comic relief with your brain on idle and a big tub of popcorn in your lap .
Given a story that calls for emotion , Cruise shows the turmoil his character is going through
Abrams and Cruise deserve credit for breathing life and heart into a franchise with lots of potential .
click to read full review -LSB- Greek -RSB-
Not perfect , but it packs plenty of great action , special effects that do n't astound but do n't detract , a truly good bad guy , and a cool as ever Cruise missile .
Suri 's daddy elevates Impossible franchise ...
La cinta se siente fresca y actual , lo que le da nueva vida a una franquicia que parecía haberse agotado con tan sólo dos entregas .
... the best-told Mission : Impossible adventure yet .
Tom is a superhero . His superpower is INTENSITY , for which there is apparently no kryptonite .
There are plentiful perilous countdowns , most of the set-pieces are impressively mounted and , in its own silly way , the pay-off offers a glancing blow at US foreign policy . Relatable ? No . But quite fun .
The summer 's first action epic does exactly what it 's supposed to do , more clearly than M : i : I , and more likeably than M : i : II .
Abrams shoots virtually everything in close-up , has no skill in establishing space , and is only in his element when people are talking . And talking . And talking .
Five seconds after leaving the big kickoff to this summer 's movie season , I had a tough time recalling what I 'd just watched .
I ca n't say that Mission Impossible 3 did n't live up to what I was anticipating even though I liked the 2nd one a wee bit better . I 'll buy whatever J.J. Abrams is selling .
Flatters moviegoers who want to believe their loved ones can never know their true depths , and that deceptions and ` disguises ' are a necessary part of life .
Delivers some rousing sequences that are sure to delight and enthrall audiences looking for some mindless , high-octane , escapist entertainment .
With Mission : Impossible III -LSB- Abrams -RSB- has essentially designed the most expensive episode of Alias ever made .
... a series of preposterous action sequences , one huge plot hole , and a bunch of emotional conflicts that seem to have more to do with Cruise than with his character .
Runs too fast , overloaded with pointless action to the brink of exhaustion .
the new personal insight into the character never quite takes off and achieves the level of emotional involvement obviously intended .
parts of the movie are fun , but a weak villain and a drag-down ending work against it .
... one of those films that 's fun to see in the theater with a full audience on a big screen , popcorn in hand .
The small-screen sensibility of ` Alias ' creator J.J. Abrams proves to be the adrenaline shot needed to finally get this franchise on its feet .
An implosive Mission .
This time , the balance has been tipped , and it is n't in Tom Cruise 's favor .
This would be the new Ethan Hunt , handsome and harsh and also vulnerable . The refurbishing comes courtesy of the Cruise-selected J.J. Abrams .
The best thing was that Tom Cruise acted like his old , pre-raving lunatic self again .
Tom Cruise picks plots and directors for `` Mission : Impossible '' movies the way average folks select shirts or skirts . Finally , he 's found a writer and director to put him , and the franchise , through its paces .
Goes down great with a side of placenta .
-LSB- The filmmakers -RSB- deliver the goods , with a plot that 's -LRB- just barely -RRB- coherent enough to keep us watching , a neat cliffhanger opening scene and the usual array of to-hell-with-the-laws-of-physics action set-pieces .
Hoffman 's icy villain -- and Cruise 's smoldering vulnerability -- make this the most entertaining `` Mission ' '' to date !
Not only the best installment of the series , but the first real blockbuster of the summer .
Despite my really not wanting to see it , I enjoyed the heck out of Abram 's contribution to the franchise . And for the first time , it 's really engaging !
Should you decide to accept this movie , get used to the idea that it 's all Tom Cruise , all the time .
Un film de acción que no da respiro , no tiene mayores pretensiones que la de entretener , y cumple con todo lo que promete . El mejor de la serie , sin duda .
Offre son lot de plaisirs coupables , si on ne s ` attarde pas trop au scénario , à l'acteur principal ou à la dernière partie du film .
A huge improvement over its immediate predecessor and just barely manages to top the first film for sheer breathless excitement .
As idiot movies go , this one is as sub-mental as you might expect .
My final reaction to Mission : Impossible III is one of bemused tolerance and even mild absorption in all the silliness .
Interfering with what would otherwise suffice as popcorn pleasures , a jolt of `` Law and Order '' - style ripped-from-the-headlines electricity throws the movie fatally off-kilter .
... a summer slam dance that will have you gasping for breath .
At a reported price tag of $ 160 million , Mission Impossible III is the most expensive expanse of nothingness in the history of film .
It gets the job done , only without the added flourish and precision of what De Palma brought previously .
You 're not going to get a lot of intelligence , or a lot of logic , or a lot of mental stimulation . But if it 's thrills you 're looking for , M : I 3 delivers .
Abrams was apparently so busy reading his own press he never noticed that film has a distinctly different aesthetic language than television .
There are no flourishes to savor . Instead , there are big-deal stunts .
Is an okay action flick but Tom 's off screen persona gets in the way of the plot
The grand finale ? A fistfight , after which somebody gets run over . Listen , if I want to see that kind of action , I do n't go to Shanghai . I do n't even go to the movies . I go to the South Bronx and stand outside a bar .
Mission : Implausible ? That the movie star whose backlash from his couch-jumping and Scientology spouting would star in a terrific film ? Perhaps . But here it is , on the big screen , in `` Mission : Impossible III . ''
The best of the three .
The franchise serves only one purpose : To show Tom Cruise donning disguises , dangling precariously and blowing stuff up . In that regards , M : i III succeeds .
Aside from what one can only assume is a much larger budget , merely a three-episode marathon of Alias .
Boasts the requisite pyrotechnics plus snappy dialogue , exotic locations and the dry humor and repressed eroticism of a Hitchcock thriller .
Tom Cruise has moved the franchise into much smarter and more emotionally involving territory . If only he had moved a little bit farther in that direction .
The single admirable attribute of ` Mission : Impossible III ' is the technical expertise that goes into the making of the action sequences . Aside from that , -LSB- it 's -RSB- ordinary and forgettable .
It 's not deep or particularly brilliant , but it moves like a bullet , and it 's the very best of the series so far .
It might have enough flash to please those who crave such entertainment films and do n't mind if the story is nonsensical .
` Something has gone up my nose , ' Cruise says , ` and if it explodes I 'm dead ! ' ` That happened to Lindsay Lohan , ' said Ving Rhames , ` but it just made her peppy and skinny . '
... exhilarating and explosive . The verdict is swift and crafty : the adrenaline rush that is M : I : 3 is convincingly enjoyable -- MISSION accomplished .
It 's a helluva mission kids !
Raises ethical questions , but this is no journey into philosophy but the summer 's first action-packed movie .
Not only is Mission : Impossible III better than its predecessors , but it could very well hold up as the best action picture to come along in at least ten years .
Ethan Hunt is back and he has the impossible mission of making you forget all Tom Cruise 's image problems . The good news is that once you hear that familiar theme music , he succeeds .
Although fast and full of explosions , this franchise is starting to look too formulaic , and familiar , for comfort .
When Mission : Impossible III is succeeding on any level , I 'd like to give credit to its director , J.J. Abrams .
M : I 3 's weakest points come courtesy of the thoroughly implausible script . But criticizing a Mission : Impossible picture for lack of believability is like criticizing ice cream for being fatty .
An impressive big screen debut for Lost creator J.J. Abrams , this is a blockbuster that 's actually worthy of the name , featuring non-stop action , spectacular set-pieces , superb performances and a decent plot
Manages to deliver the goods .
Abrams completely reinvents and revitalises the franchise .
Here we are again for a third jog around Mission Impossible track and it 's turning into a very tired experience .
A relentlessly entertaining action thriller that 's bound to make even more money than the first two films .
A step forward for the franchise : indeed , a step forward for the big-budget Hollywood action spectacular generally .
`` There comes a time when bold becomes stupid . '' Truer words were rarely said .
The original TV show 's premise , which is still used in every sequel , `` Expect the impossible , '' falls flat with the ease of technological input into a film .
Abrams returns to Mission : Impossible 's roots : the concept of the team .
Let your mind go and the popcorn will follow .
`` Mission Impossible : III '' is a perfect summer blockbuster movie .
MI : 3 get Cruise 's Kitten some Mittens ! A textbook summer popcorn flick that will entertain while watching , but instantly forgettable and runs out of steam early in the 3rd act . Could I be less passionate about a film that I liked ?
On the menu tonight : a big helping of Cruise 's ego .
Suffers from being neither as character-driven nor as mindlessly badass as it could have been .
The end result is the very definition of a summer movie : breezy , undemanding and a carefully balanced blend of the familiar and the not-quite-what-you-expected .
Abrams knows how to frame a shot and how to propulsively push both action and love stories , but logic continues to elude him as much as it did De Palma and Woo .
Mission : Impossible III , the most satisfying in the spy-film series , includes all the gadgetry , death-defying stunts and tuxedos one might expect , plus something missing from its predecessors : a soul .
With its smart script , its ability to pull the audience through admittedly implausible circumstances and its stronger-than-normal action characters , Abrams and Co. have made a film that certainly wo n't ` self-destruct in five seconds . '
More attention to story and character would have paid off dividends in a more satisfying all-around movie . Instead , what we get is a tepid fireworks display .
Abrams has made a top-notch action movie , one that captures what should be essential to the summer blockbusters : It 's not only exciting , it 's fun .
If Mission : Impossible 3 is the first pitch of the popcorn-movie season , just two words come to mind -- butter up .
M : I III feels like one of the more forgettable James Bond films -- saddled , moreover , with a star who 's sliding into self-parody .
It does crackle with energy , but M : I III feels like yesterday 's news , so 20th century .
Despite the welcome addition of a romantic relationship to Ethan 's life and the complications that it brings , the film is essentially a series of big action sequences so overpowering that we forget just what our heroes are trying to accomplish .
After faltering in the John Woo sequel , Mission : Impossible is back on track -- with gusto -- as J.J. Abrams balances action spectacle with character-driven moments .
Funnier , smarter , and grittier than most summer action movies .
What summer movies aspire to -- a slick demonstration of hot buttered entertainment that will probably slide you right out of the theatre before you even stop to ask a logical question or two .
This more character-involved sequel is easily the best of the three films , which may be faint praise .
... a perfectly respectable piece of summer entertainment -LRB- even if Abrams was aiming for more than that -RRB- .
For all the attempts at adding depth , it 's likely that audiences will come away remembering the fireworks .
J.J. Abrams does a more-than-workmanlike job of balancing the requisites of the blockbuster espionage thriller with fulfilling all the thrill-ride fantasies of Tom Cruise .
All the popcorn season really wants is a good reason to see super-fit bodies flying around on a big screen , and M : I : III gits ` er done .
Mission : Impossible III will make you jump up and down with exuberance , just like its star .
Repetitive and derivative , M : I III is a little more than two hours long -- but it feels like three .
Cruise reminds us what he does best , and it has nothing to do with TomKat or Scientology .
It 's overwrought and overplotted , but it 's plenty of fun .
One ca n't help but feel disappointed by the totality of the effort ; for all its apocalyptic pyrotechnics and high-octane stunts , it fails to muster so much as a single moment to compare with the riveting simplicity of the first film 's NOC-stealing scene .
Has little that you 'll commit to memory , but it shows that Ethan Hunt should n't settle for a desk job just yet .
Director Abrams seems to have attended the Tony Scott Extreme Closeup Academy .
The only thing more boring than nothing happening is a lot of nothings happening .
Fun to watch but ultimately empty , Tom Cruise has found his most fitting metaphor in MI : 3 .
Is that Simon Pegg from Shaun of the Dead ? Yeah , it is !
Lacking Bond 's refinement and good humor or the comparable realism of the Bourne Identity franchise , M : I 3 ends up as just another forgettable action movie .
The movie is why popcorn was invented .
Competent , disposable entertainment ... in the post-007 world of Jason Bourne , that may not be enough .
Amazingly , with the third Mission : Impossible movie they finally get it right .
This may be Tom Cruise 's movie , but the real star is J.J. Abrams from start to finish . Our favorite nutcase Scientologist neither harmed nor helped the movie along .
Hoffman steals -- and saves -- the movie as a repellent , lizard-eyed villain .
The movie 's unbound ridiculousness , like Cruise 's , creates its own logic and momentum .
The film does acknowledge its own ludicrousness with fleeting touches of humour , which makes it a lot more fun than both the De Palma and the Woo efforts .
Abrams é hábil ao permitir que o espectador acompanhe com clareza o que está ocorrendo na tela , imprimindo velocidade aos acontecimentos sem que , com isso , sacrifique nossa compreensão .
Look , I realize that it can be hard to distinguish from dry snark , but I swear to god I am being 100 percent totally and sincerely sincere when I implore you to feel Tom 's pain . Maybe .
The movie leaves you no sense of reward for having paid attention and everything might as well have been one large dream sequence .
While there 's nothing wrong with M : I III ... I found myself wondering if we really needed to bother getting off the couch for it .
You wo n't believe a minute of it , but you 'll certainly smile at the infectious high-spirited energy of it all .
Proves that J.J. Abrams is the best at the espionage action thriller genre . I 'm just sad that this will solidify him as a film director . I want my fix every week .
... J.J. Abrams ' writing and direction not only delivers the best of the IMF series but practically resets the potential longevity of the franchise back to ` start . '
You never completely forget Abrams ' TV pedigree , but the fact he 's turned Mission : Impossible into a star-studded , amped-up version of Alias is n't a bad thing .
... a refreshing sense of humor and some dizzying action scenes ...
Mission : Impossible III has everything you want in an action movie including cool gadgets , dream cars , fast paced chase scenes , some cool explosions , hot babes for the guys and good looking guys for the ladies ... J.J. Abrams has brought fun back
Mission : Impossible III is a mixed bag .
Relentless ... a popcorn thriller that keeps pouring it on ,
A dark film filled with improbable stunts and unbelievable plot developments that uses women as props and objects just to keep the mayhem and the momentum going full tilt .
Shallow to its core and as propulsive as a runaway locomotive , it 's the most blatantly summer movie-ish of the Mission Impossibles .
Audiences searching for nothing more than popcorn entertainment will get their money 's worth .
Whatever your feelings about Cruise , Mission : Impossible III is nirvana for thrill seekers .
The third time 's the charm ...
For all of the movie 's professional craft and lovely vertigo , the experience is like eating popcorn in a guillotine .
Director J.J. Abrams , creator of such TV hits as Alias and Lost , makes a reasonably impressive feature debut with the best installment of the series .
In the most memorable action scene , nothing happens , until Cruise unexpectedly flies out of a skyscraper window , leaving us to imagine why .
A thrill ride , and a gripping one : plausibility-straining , predictable at times , but pulse-pounding all the same .
Mission : Impossible III provides lots of action , but too little excitement .
When Ethan is cool and determined to kick some *** , he 's fascinating , but when he 's rhapsodizing about true love , he 's kind of a bore .
Although he slams into stationary objects with his customary zeal , Tom Cruise is off his game here , sabotaged by a misguided attempt to shade his character with gray .
As a summer time-waster that provides an empty adrenaline rush , M : I 3 will do . But it does n't represent an advance on the first installments , and it does go on .
It 's an expertly engineered popcorn movie -- hold the butter substitute -- but it also tries -LRB- and fails -RRB- to be a love story for the ages .
While M : I : III is the least successful series entry from a film-style standpoint , it is the most consistently suspenseful and action-packed , which counts for something .
While -LSB- Abrams ' -RSB- projects have the dignity of being the few of a handful of watchable shows on network television , his feature film directorial debut is as dizzying and annoying as the most asinine of Michael Bay projects .
A smart , tightly directed thriller that could serve as the template for film schools teaching Summertime Escapism 101 .
When all was said and done two hours later , I had enjoyed myself ...
Not only is 'M : i : III ' a massive adrenaline rush in terms of almost non-stop action sequences , it is better than its predecessors .
It 's all poppycock , of course , but it 's done with such vim and vigor and both narrative and visual flair that you care not a jot .
It 's the way sequels should be : strong casting , breathless excitement , and characters with families and personality to remind us that , yes , action heroes are people , too .
Cruise is the same guy with the same look on his face all the time : part panic , part adrenaline rush , his eyes lightly squinting and his mouth slightly agape .
There is a theory that action is exciting and dialogue is boring . My theory is that variety is exciting and sameness is boring .
-LSB- The film -RSB- offers up its explosions and chases with minimal artistry .
Against sizable odds -- a sense that the franchise is played out and its star over-exposed -- Mission : Impossible III delivers .
Cruise does a remarkable number of his own stunts , and even if we only register that fact unconsciously , it makes for a different action experience .
If you 've ever wondered what a two-hour episode of Abrams ' TV show Alias would look like if he spent $ 150 million making it , well , now 's your chance to find out .
While all the Mission plots are convoluted and slightly preposterous -- the keyword in the title is Impossible -- the latest is just this side of insultingly stupid .
This is the franchise 's third film -LRB- each with a different director -RRB- , and it may well be the most successful of the bunch .
Even though this is really nothing more than escapist , illogical amusement that does n't really go anywhere , it is original .
Abrams knows what Mission fans want , and he gives us most of it .
M : i : III accomplishes its mission : to run smart variations on dumb tropes . After all , summer movies are not for students but for thrill consumers . Devour and enjoy .
Meant to be entertaining , Mission : Impossible III is about as much fun as somebody dipping into your brain with a motorized ice cream scooper .
The new Mission : Impossible III reestablishes the franchise as America 's answer to the 007 series -- brand-name , big-effects , no-nonsense fun with plenty of hold-on-to-your-popcorn action sequences and a theme song that wo n't leave your head .
Logic and humanity would probably gum up the -LRB- fire -RRB- works . The Mission : Impossible template is about being resourceful , using gadgets in interesting ways to infiltrate the Vatican or swing Tarzan-like over the rooftops of Shanghai .
I ca n't help but feel a little disappointed by the end result , considering the endlessly talented pedigree associated with the film , from cast to director to writer .
Mission : Impossible III is big and fast and silly , but it 's never dumb , and it 's certainly never boring , either .
-LSB- Abrams -RSB- has come up with a solidly crafted entertainment , a diversion that really diverts once it gets down to business .
M : I III actually gets better as it goes along -LRB- and spans the globe -RRB- .
M : I : 3 is big , cacophonous entertainment , crackling and explosive , a giant bag of Pop Rocks for the eyes .
Fans who are still in Cruise 's corner can enjoy the movie as a tense thriller . Those who can no longer take Cruise seriously can appreciate the film as a twisted comedy , a vanity project on the grandest possible scale .
It 's a hip action cocktail with a whole lot of kick .
Like its predecessors , M : I III might make a lot of money , but it makes no discernible impression .
A perfect blast-off for the summer movie season and the rare sequel that 's notably better than its predecessors .
Uneven but lively .
If the pulse never quite races , the mind does boggle .
If nothing else , Mission : Impossible III is a triumph for television hit-maker J.J. Abrams .
This is a divine , rollicking , fingernail-chewing action thriller , and kicks off the abnormally diverse summer 2006 moviegoing season with a deafening roar .
Yes , it 's fundamentally business as usual , but it 's the best kind of business as usual ,
JJ Abrams took a franchise that was dinged up and created a film which % u2026dare I say it % u2026is better than the previous two Mission Impossible movies .
Pleasantly exhausting ... the first installment that really seems to get the enjoyably dorky charms of the source material .
Abrams and Cruise create an explosive and highly entertaining blend of old-school and new-school spy movies .
It has sneaking , chases , masks , a love story , a MacGuffin , role reversals , Ethan Hunt as fugitive , a plot from the original , the gun-totin ' mentality of the second and comes up somewhere in-between the first two .
Gives the uncomfortable feeling of stumbling upon someone flexing in front of the mirror while listening to ` Eye of the Tiger ' on full volume , but we get our money 's worth .
Eyes glittering , and ever-visible teeth gleaming , you 'd never catch Ethan muttering `` I 'm getting too old for this * & % ! '' but he 's surely thinking it .
Technically the film looks a bit like a TV movie ... but that 's precisely the point .
If the film is n't a complete godsend , it 's still well worth your money .
It 's like Abrams understands the public perception of Cruise 's kooky celebrity . So why not embrace it .
This is a movie that is already slipping out of my mind and will probably never be revisited - or even thought about - again .
Starts out with a bang and rarely lets up .
Watching Mission : Impossible III , I kept wishing I was at home watching episodes of Alias instead .
`` M : i : III '' is too oppressive , too enamored of its brutality to deliver anything like real thrills .
` Run Tom Run ' will have your juices flowing and your heart pumping with a high tech thriller that is hands-down the best of the Mission : Impossible series .
A gratifyingly clever , booby-trapped thriller that has enough fun and imagination and dash to more than justify its existence ...
Fortunately , -LSB- Cruise -RSB- spends a nice chunk time running , which he does with such gung-ho intensity that it is easily the best acting he does in the entire film
Exciting from beginning to end . The best of the franchise !
It 's a bird . It 's a plane . It 's Superscientologist !
The perfect summer movie -- fast-paced , action-packed , emotionally engaging -LRB- without demanding too much investment -RRB- , and pure , unadulterated eye candy . Whattya want for 10 bucks ?
If it takes 6 years for such a socko fix for the action-adventure addict , better wait than be sorry .
I had a lot of fun -- it gave me that wonderful cinema experience of not wanting it to end .
Mission : Impossible III is so superior to its predecessors that it 's almost unfair to burden it with the name Mission : Impossible .
Yes , the plot lacks realism . Yes , Cruise is unrelenting as ever he was . Yes , the action never stops . Which simply means ` Mission : Impossible III ' is 2006 's first great popcorn flick .
This is a movie of special effects and stunts . The script simply segues from one to the other . Surprise , surprise !
This latest instalment delivers on everything one would expect from a Mission Impossible movie ...
The movie to beat this summer in the race to push your pulse rate past the danger zone . And please do n't ask if the plot makes sense .
On the build Mission 3 is urgent and addictive , but when closing the deal it 's contrived and predictable .
Although it trades in the same high levels of improbability as the previous films , Abrams and his co-scripters inject some humor and emotion , elements sorely lacking in the first two editions .
The high-octane juice audiences crave in big-budget action films surges propulsively through Mission : Impossible III , in large measure due to Tom CruiseTom Cruise , who seems determined to give a persuasive human impersonation of a Ferrari .
This will not be seen as a disappointment like the last one was , but it is not much of an advance either -- even if it is in the right direction
Mission Impossible III is everything you expect and more . Dense and fast-paced with stunts to knock your socks off , as an action thriller , it is hard to beat .
Injecting fresh blood and energy into the franchise via stronger plot , more suitable villain -LRB- terrifically played by Philip Seymour Hoffman -RRB- , and larger ensemble , TV 's Abrams makes a splashy debut proving he 's just as gifted big-screen director .
Exciting , kinetic and intelligent , J.J. Abrams theatrical debut is as good as anything he 's produced on television . And that 's saying something for the man who brought us Alias and Lost .



@highlight

Fast-paced , with eye-popping stunts and special effects , the latest Mission : Impossible installment delivers everything an action fan could ask for . A thrilling summer popcorn flick .