As far as courtroom dramas are concerned , you 'd be hard-pressed to find something as generic as The Lincoln Lawyer .
A fast-paced intelligent legal thriller .
It moves as a nice pace , is a smooth ride and does n't require too much energy .
A much better version of this movie may exist somewhere in the editing-room blender , to be excavated by cine-archeologists of the future .
The Lincoln Lawyer has one of the best ensembles of the year . We get a great performance by Matthew McConaughey and a truly exciting story .
Matthew McConaughey is the only actor in Hollywood who can swagger while sitting down . This is one role where that works , to perfection .
The whole falls short of the sum of impressive parts .
... a perfectly serviceable legal thriller that passes the time and gets the job done ... https://www.rottentomatoes.com/critics/tools/movie/?reviewId=2045918#syn_ratingtext
Crackles with crisp dialogue , a juicy plot punctuated with titillating twists and turns , and a strong cast of familiar faces .
... one of McConaughey 's strongest performances .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- packed with great performances , intrigue , and gasp-worthy moments .
Sprinkled with just enough humor to keep from getting too self-serious , it 's briskly paced and gives McConaughey 's fans something to brag about ... Again .
Emerges as a cool , slick and entertaining courtroom drama with enough punch to hold its own in an overcrowded genre .
That this mystery-thriller does n't add up feels more than a little contrived says something about compromises made to keep the filmgoer from recoiling from the heel hero .
Well-written , appropriately sour modern crime story .
While not as significant as the Oscar nominated `` Michael Clayton , '' `` Lincoln '' is an efficient and entertaining legal thriller .
A delicious but not too-smooth take on LA noir . Tight shots keep us close to the ratcheting action , and there are just the right bits of grit , and the right pace to the twists , to make The Lincoln Lawyer a steadily seat-gripping cinematic cruise .
full review at Movies for the Masses
It feels like the best work -LSB- McConaughey has -RSB- done in years and if there 's a sequel I wo n't mind one bit .
In a nice twist , the central mystery of the plot is solved about halfway through the movie and it then becomes about some clever legal maneuvering on Mick 's part .
A solid thriller with McConaughey doing what he does best .
The Lincoln Lawyer is a well-crafted , well-cast adaptation of Michael Connelly 's best-selling novel , shot on interesting Los Angeles locations . It 's a crime thriller with ...
It 's nice to see McConaughey getting relatively serious instead of coasting through yet another witless romcom , with or without Kate Hudson .
Though The Lincoln Lawyer occasionally plays like a cracking TV pilot that has somehow lucked into becoming a movie , McConaughey 's emphatic connection to his role allows the production to continually defy most -LRB- admittedly low -RRB- expectations .
The film does take some predictable turns - even with its `` surprise '' twist - but it 's a perfectly enjoyable time killer .
This slick but uncharismatic cat-and-mouse game between maverick lawyer and rich client , is courtroom drama far too fascinated by its own sense of cool to be anything more than easy on the mind television
The Lincoln Lawyer is a smooth thriller that offers decent twists and intriguing subplots .
Some fussy directorial touches do n't seriously get in the way of a tricky plot with a suspenseful denouement and there 's an excellent use of locations in the Los Angeles area .
While it sticks to the courtroom thriller formula , this is an entertaining ride thanks to a terrific screenplay and Matthew McConaughey 's magnetic lead performance .
About as good a case as Hollywood can put together for a stay of execution for the big-screen legal drama .
Matthew McConaughey keeps his shirt on and leads an excellent ensemble cast through legal murky waters in the court room thriller The Lincoln Lawyer .
The Lincoln Lawyer is a solid - albeit unremarkable - entry into a genre that has provided us with far worse . As a Matt McConaughey movie , well , it 's one of the best .
The plot details are ingeniously handled and structured , the rhythm of the film is just right and the tone is pitch perfect
Not since John Grisham 's The Firm has there been such a stylish lawyer tale as this
brings together the numerous narrative and thematic threads that make such stories , even when being told for the umpteen-millionth time , really work
Lincoln Lawyer presents a solid case .
A cheesy , hard-boiled police procedural , tracing its antecedents back to Raymond Chandler .
The Lincoln Lawyer mines most of its success from a talented stable of actors , especially that of lead Matthew McConaughey .
It 's really just a solid courtroom drama , but these days moviegoers should take what they can get .
All of those who count ` A Time to Kill ' among your favorite courtroom dramas , raise a hand . Now use that hand to grab some money and run out to see ` The Lincoln Lawyer , ' another riveting legal thriller starring Matthew McConaughey .
Fans of well-regarded gavel-pounders like Jagged Edge and Primal Fear will enjoy this one as well .
This is a full-bore legal thriller of maneuvering and slight-of-hand , of parlor games and verbal ingenuity , and when all is said and done the tension ratcheted up is of a higher pedigree than I would have believed was possible before entering the theatre .
The Lincoln Lawyer has very little soul to speak of , but it 's got swagger to burn .
This is a tightly-written thriller that at the same time creates a tricky legal puzzle .
Crackerjack plotting and characterization -LRB- credit the source novel by Michael Connelly -RRB- compensate for tired , even annoying visuals -LRB- blame the ADD camerawork and oversaturated color scheme on director Brad Furman -RRB- in this entertaining legal thriller ...
... a movie as smooth and slick as its protagonist ...
This just looks like a cop show .
It has nothing to do with the capital of Nebraska or the former president . While you 're watching it , though , you 'll wish it did .
The Lincoln Lawyer is something we have n't seen in ages , a cracking good courtroom drama that is filled with ingenious twists and compelling characters .
Typically , The Lincoln Lawyer uses black pop culture to bring urban consciousness and street cunning to a Hollywood film 's slick surface .
McConaughey , an actor much given to showing off is well-defined abs , here refrains from that in favor of showing off a superb performance of considerable depth that is both understated and effective
The best role McConaughey has had in years and he does it proud . This might just lead to a Mickey Haller franchise .
-LSB- Not -RSB- the cartoon its star would appear to promise , and that 's mostly down to McConaughey bypassing his usual Method and not gadding about onscreen like he 's just rolled out of a really good three-day bong-and-beer party ...
It 's a slick , cleverly plotted thriller with plenty of twists , smart hard-boiled dialogue and fine supporting performances ...
My only real complaint with this movie was the little-utilized chemistry between Macy and McConaughey . They are smokin ' when they are on screen together -- I wish we had been given more of them .
The plot takes McConaughey beyond superficial traits to a place he rarely visits in film -- a drastic change in demeanor . He has to show a wide range of emotions to be effective , and he does it with panache .
McConaughey gets a pitch down the middle and he does n't miss . He hits it out of the park .
The Lincoln Lawyer sees Matthew McConaughey rise from the embers of Hollywood mediocrity like a Phoenix , soaring like he has n't in years .
Who knew cheesy one-liners and pro-bono work could simultaneously represent the worst impulses Hollywood has to offer .
A complex , entertaining story about a cynical lawyer and a rich client .
Haller 's a twerp , he 's a twonk , he 's a slick-haired smoothie who plays by the `` does n't play by the rules '' rules to the letter .
This is a grand vehicle for McConaughey .
McConaughey 's confidence fits like a glove -- it 's the role he 's been waiting for , and coupled against Philippe 's easy-to-hate playboy and a great supporting cast , the film turns out to be one of this season 's better movies .
As nondescript as its title , Brad Furman 's slick legal mystery , adapted from a Michael Connelly novel , plays like an above-average TV pilot until it gets greedy and runs 20 minutes too long .
There 's nothing that gets you more juiced than a good story well told , with strong characters well acted , and that 's what The Lincoln Lawyer offers up .
McConaughey gives a good performance , but the film , while entertaining , falls short of Connelly 's 2005 book .
occasionally approaches the gritty , profane , and darkly wise legal thriller that it wants to be , but never quite knows how to get there
There is never a dull moment during the two-hour running time . The best compliment has to be that the film comes close to mirroring the page-turning suspense of the source material . If you need a break from ...
Welcome back , Matthew McConaughey
A first-rate legal thriller for its first two thirds , before going off the rails at the end .
There 's a reason potboiler paperbacks do n't make good movies -- there 's too much outlandish plot , even for Hollywood .
Maybe this flick could actually spawn a movie franchise . At the very least , it could work on TV . The gimmickry is in place , reminiscent of ` Burke 's Law ' and the chauffeur driven Rolls .
For people just looking for a bit of entertainment , McConaughey 's performance offers a fair amount and the plot is twisty enough to keep murder-mystery fans hooked . As long as you do n't think about it . At all .
Just when you thought Matthew McConaughey had settled into pre-retirement content to play the -LRB- dry-aged -RRB- beefcake in a string of dippy romantic comedies , the actor comes roaring back with some real acting .
Briskly paced , nicely noirish and populated by many actors you trust , The Lincoln Lawyer is a solid crime drama worth seeing .
That the premise of the film does n't make a ton of sense should n't dissuade you if you 're in the mood for a little escape .
The Lincoln Lawyer is not a feat of genre-breaking design . But it is a well-oiled machine .
The ride can be a bit bumpy , but The Lincoln Lawyer gets you where you 're going .
Legal thriller entertains but is too dark , heavy for kids .
It would be more fun if the hero were a little more colorful . All Matthew McConaughey 's Haller has to his character is his cockiness , and that gets a bit tiresome .
It jumps through the twists and turns of Michael Connelly 's story with grace and confidence , trusting that the audience is smart enough to follow .
... the fun is watching McConaughey slip the traps and outmaneuver the judge , the prosecution and his own client .
A slice of sub-Grisham silliness that offers nothing that even the most casual consumers of legal thrillers have n't seen a dozen times before
The next step in Matthew McConaughey 's inevitable march to network television is The Lincoln Lawyer , a pilot disguised as a feature-length movie , with an entire season 's arc crammed into two hours .
This is rock-solid entertainment . McConaughey , a cunning mesmerizer in the courtroom , steers this Lincoln into what could be a hell-raising franchise .
A solid , adult thriller . McConaughey 's best role since A TIME TO KILL .
After getting through its three different climaxes , each one more ridiculous than the last , the film supposedly settles into its moral statement about a man who learned his lesson and is now ready to do pro bono work for drug farmers .
With at least three-too-many endings , paper-thin supporting characters , and predictable twists , The Lincoln Lawyer does n't deliver as a thriller even if its title character is one of the most interesting of the year to date .
... the film is mildly diverting , even if it 's a `` Jagged Edge '' -LRB- 1985 -RRB- wannabe and wears its manifold cliches on its sleeve .
Works a bit of humor into a crime story .
A classy cast juice up this workmanlike but compelling courtroom saga , with Matthew McConaughey - so long starved of a decent lead - on fire .
Matthew McConaughey , freed at last from several awful movies , seizes his chance impressively .
Fingers crossed that this turns into a franchise , as Mick Haller is such a charismatic and intriguing character with many layers still to be peeled .
It 's no surprise Michael Connelly 's devilishly clever 2005 novel makes for a devilishly clever film , full of unpredictable twists and turns , and some memorable one-liners .
A fiendishly twisty crime-thriller ...
Even those who do n't normally dig Matthew McConaughey should give this a go as he leaves his annoying manchild rom-com persona behind in service of a noirish thriller .
McConaughey has struggled to launch any plausible franchises in the past decade - Sahara did n't work . We could do a lot worse than see him in more films like this .
`` The Lincoln Lawyer '' just may have the makings of a terrific franchise , if only because it finds McConaughey so clearly in his comfort zone after a string of forgettable romantic comedies and action pictures .
Calling big-screen legal thriller `` The Lincoln Lawyer '' the best TV pilot I 've seen in a while really is n't meant as a putdown -- the truth is , there 's more good stuff on the tube these days than in theaters , especially at this time of the year .
An amazing cast , some fun mystery , twists and turns that will entertain you and Matthew McConaughey reminding the audience why they like and root for him .
Like its hero , this is a slick and polished piece of work .
The Lincoln Lawyer is the cinematic equivalent of a decent airplane read -- an easily digested page-turner that keeps you occupied but does n't demand much .
Fellow jurors , let 's remember The Lincoln Lawyer at its best and deliver a generous verdict -- an innocent entertainment , with extenuating circumstances .
Even though it does n't break any new ground , The Lincoln Lawyer is an intelligent mystery .
McConaughey is well cast as Mickey . He has the surface , slightly seedy charm of a trial lawyer .
One of the year 's most delightful Hollywood surprises .
The spotlight is firmly on McConaughey , but he earns all the attention .
McConaughey 's smoothness works pretty well here , conveying a sense that Haller can wriggle out of tight legal squeezes that would defeat a more scrupulous man .
It marches at an efficient pace , but there 's too much collateral damage to believability .
`` The Lincoln Lawyer '' is workmanlike , engagingly acted and entertaining .
By the time the climactic courtroom scene ... arrives , much has happened to little effect .
Resembles a mundane two-hour episode of `` Law & Order : Los Angeles . ''
Do you believe in the resurrection ? Well you should . Matthew McConaughey is back from the dead .
What happened - did Matthew McConaughey roll out of bed one morning and decide that , after smiling through one too many schlocky movies , playing the pretty boy opposite Sandra-Kate-Jennifer , he wanted to do something decent ?
A solid L.A. crime story that once again proves McConaughey as a leading actor to be reckoned with .
... a well plotted legal thriller with a low-down R&B style .
A return to form for Matthew McConaughey .
If you long for the days of legal eagle thrillers such as Jagged Edge or Basic Instinct then The Lincoln Lawyer is for you .
McConaughey is the definition of a movie star here , sitting back and allowing his charm to imbue the entire film .
While Furman shows a mostly steady hand with his actors , the narrative flow trips things up considerably . Connelly 's book turns out to be too much for screenwriter John Romano to handle .
This screen adaptation of Michael Connelly 's clever legal thriller is stylish , suspenseful and thoroughly entertaining .
This pungent neo-noir can be sleazy and over-familiar , but like the protagonist , it 's so smart and crafty that you may forgive its flaws .
Criminal-defense attorneys are often viewed with disdain , and while director Brad Furman 's adaptation of Michael Connelly 's 2005 novel wo n't do much to change this , it does allow Matthew McConaughey to give his best performance in years .
Lincoln is smart , juicy entertainment , but it 's the kind of straight-up legal drama that hinges entirely on crafty storytelling and across-the-board solid performances .
Charismatic and oozing oily self-confidence , the character Mick Haller dovetails perfectly with McConaughey 's skill set and dazzling grin . After a string of desultory romantic comedies , this actor once again has a winner .
`` The Lincoln Lawyer '' moves through its paces as smoothly as Mickey strolls through a courtroom .
Brad Furman 's movie is shamelessly entertaining and the best thing in it is McConaughey 's Mickey Haller , known as `` the Lincoln lawyer '' because his office is his Town Car .
It 's a world of cynical lawyers cutting deals , careworn cops and cons brooding over sinister secrets . How about letting director Brad Furman adapt something by Carl Hiaasen or Elmore Leonard ?
While it does n't match ` Primal Fear ' for spellbinding misdirection , it 's certainly a skillfully-made if lightweight legal puzzler .
The script is legal boilerplate bolted to mundane characters , the acting is baked-ham buffet , and the direction is basic cable mediocrity incarnate . It 's the most unrewarding two hours you could spend in a theater , short of a total power outage .
`` Lincoln Lawyer '' is a no-frills legal drama delivered by a team of pros , and it 's nice to see McConaughey bring his A game for a change .
The film devolves into the cozily predictable world of TV legal dramas , abandoning the moral uncertainty of its opening scenes ...
Admit it , when you hear the phrase `` a Matthew McConaughey movie , '' your expectations slip into the basement , yes ? Yes . On that score , this adaptation of a best-selling Michael Connelly crime thriller is an improvement .
Matthew McConaughey returns to form in this well-executed but all-too-familiar legal thriller .
Matthew McConaughey should always play lawyers . There 's something smirky , cocky and untrustworthy about his demeanor -- he slides through every movie like a greased weasel , but in The Lincoln Lawyer , it works .
Blessed with a character who loves to showboat , McConaughey is a pleasure to behold -- not since the actor was battling dragons in Reign of Fire has he been so much fun to watch .
I imagined the worst . What I saw was a completely different Matthew McConaughey - gaunt , mature , compelling - in an enthralling , gritty crime drama from an utterly fresh new talent : young director Brad Furman .
Gets greedy , attempting to provide more than what the audience ultimately needs . It 's one thing to supply all the answers , it 's another to force-feed them to viewers , taking the mystery out of a serviceable whodunit .
Matthew McConaughey does a fine job in legal thriller The Lincoln Lawyer - an overall solid and entertaining film .
Surprisingly corny for a story that spends so much time dealing with prison and rape .
There 's a solid supporting cast , including a long-haired William H Macy and a shamefully underused Marisa Tomei as Haller 's ex-wife , while McConaughey more than holds his own in the lead .
Enjoyably twisty but too shallow to be fully satisfying .
-LSB- McConaughey -RSB- makes the film move briskly and watchably ... with the same battered pretence at old world stylishness as his title-inspiring car .
Most fans of the novel would probably tell you McConaughey is n't someone they had pictured in the lead role , but he works out just fine , his laid-back , breezy charisma exactly what Mickey requires to do his job .
It 's nothing revolutionary , but it 's so far ahead of most legal thrillers and McConaughey vehicles that it might as well be .
Reminiscent of the legal thrillers of the 1980s and '90s , The Lincoln Lawyer is a slickly made , well-acted and executed morality play . ... Even when the movie devolves into formula in the latter half , it still keeps you grounded in its characters .
The Lincoln Lawyer is an enjoyable piece of pop entertainment .
A courtroom drama about a wheeler-dealer defense attorney caught in a tight squeeze that tests his ethical integrity .
Return to old school court room who done it .
In `` The Lincoln Lawyer , '' McConaughey once again takes off his shirt , but only for a minute . I 'm happy to report that he spends most of his time acting , while clothed .
-LSB- McConaughey -RSB- still looks great arguing in a courtroom , still delivers his lines with a variable drawl implying barbecue for dinner .
Solidly enjoyable , pleasingly old fashioned legal thriller that succeeds thanks to a satisfyingly twisty script , a terrific cast and a superb leading performance from Matthew McConaughey .
... a pretty decent entertainment , although it does have a pretty challenging time covering up the fact that the genre has n't got a whole lot of new tricks in its bag .
It 's not ambitious , but this sleek , commercial legal thriller is much more engaging than I expected it to be . McConaughey adds his extra dash of roguish charm .
A solidly impressive thriller with newcomer Brad Furman directing with flair , keeping the momentum up as Mick realises he 's dealing with a master manipulator .
McConaughey must still think he 's starring in television commercials , his original forte .
As devoid of spontaneity as a D.A. 's defense strategy , this adaptation of fiction machine Michael Connelly 's 2005 legal thriller is both convoluted and completely predictable .
A shrewd legal thriller that is as much detective story as courtroom spellbinder ... A movie that stays one step ahead of the viewer - and pays off in the end .
A do n't - miss cinematic page-turner with enough twists to fill five movies .
A modest , mid-range legal thriller , in which every element , including McConaughey 's physical presence and acting , are put in service of the rather engaging plot .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Michael Connelly 's spin-off mystery book series provides the basis for a sturdy but rushed legal thriller .
Matthew McConaughey carries The Lincoln Lawyer with sheer credible willpower and personality . McConaughey has to survive fitful direction and a choppy script , but he emerges with his likeable faculties intact .
A perfectly average legal drama . I trust that the book is exactly like this , totally programmed to hit standard beats in the plot . It 'll serve its purpose in theaters just like a paperback novel does .
Stylishly sexing up the criminal justice system and then some , The Lincoln Lawyer mixes nasty sleaze and sassy attitude with serious , provocative political moves . And burrows into the seedier side of the LA legal system with candidly brutal finesse .
The Lincoln Lawyer is a quintessential airport-novel kind of movie , possessing no great qualities or ambitions .
A moderately entertaining crime drama from people who know their way around a bloody knife or suspicious evidence .
A good-old-fashioned courtroom thriller , The Lincoln Lawyer offers modest but sturdy pleasures , chief among them a strong cast and a page-turner of a story .


@highlight

It does n't offer any twists on the predictable courtroom thriller formula , but with a charming Matthew McConaughey leading its solid cast , The Lincoln Lawyer offers briskly enjoyable entertainment .