As a punishingly ambiguous and astonishingly thorough tragedy , `` The Good Shepherd '' shows that emotions as human as any errors can undermine intelligence and questions whether God and country alone can be enough for a man 's soul .
Stylistically engaging , narratively murky , historically worthless .
You will probably come away from it impressed but unmoved .
A isappointing hybrid that 's too bloated , diffuse and tedious to work as a regular length movie -- yet has not enough emotional range or narrative focus to be considered a great epic drama .
Damn near drowns itself with its unwaveringly solemn sense of importance
Seems thoroughly conflicted about whether it actually buys what it 's selling .
publici `` Dobri pastir '' ne govori ni % u0161ta % u0161to ona , na ovaj ili onaj na % u010Din , ve % u0107 nije znala
A pesar de su extensa duración , la película no parece tener un minuto de sobra . El relato es apasionante , y está servido por un actor-director que ha aprendido mucho de sus maestros .
In a mystery worthy of the CIA , The Good Shepherd ends up being both too long and too short .
Not quite unlocking the secret history of the CIA .
The Good Shepherd tells a compelling , complex , personal and political story and tells it extremely well . It 's an engrossing film .
Apropriadamente mergulhado em sombras e belíssimas imagens em contraluz , é o segundo trabalho de De Niro como diretor , que revela , aqui , um olhar inspirado para composições e , como já era de se esperar , um talento inegável para a condução do elenco .
Better than any of the feature film versions of John le Carre 's novels and nearly as good as the TV mini-series based on Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy and Smiley 's People .
It 's a film for fans of John Le Carre , rather than Ian Fleming .
Never manages to create a gripping strand to hold our attention .
Not a film everyone will like . But those who do will appreciate De Niro 's insistence on accurate detail .
165 minutes of my life I will never get back , damn it . This is one shepherd that 's lost control of its flock .
De Niro deserves credit for the broad , ambitious canvas he 's worked on , but his movie is just as mechanical and humourless as his protagonist .
On paper this had `` belter '' written all over it . Sadly , Damon 's lifeless performance in the lead role failed to keep me gripped throughout the movie 's bum-numbing 167 minutes .
Touches are just enough to earn The Good Shepherd a third star . But De Niro might want to stick to acting in future .
A wan , muted film that is never less than interesting , but rarely more than that either .
A very dark , murky film , resentfully critical of the dysfunctional CIA family .
Damon 's shirts are always crisp , but he has the charisma of a perfectly groomed corpse .
Infused with that glow of earnest deliberation characteristic of liberal Hollywood when focusing its well-paid talents on a worthy cause .
A serious film about a seriously relevant subject that , despite its flaws , fulfils much of its over-reaching ambition .
Polished spy drama is a classy affair .
De Niro 's second film features terrific performances and several impressive scenes , but he appears to have forgotten to hire an editor .
Well-crafted and well-acted , but ever-so-slightly worthy and strangely unaffecting . Given the track record of the CIA , it probably ought to be angrier .
Intelligent , yes , politically astute , stuffed to the gills with A-list acting talent -LRB- overstuffed in fact , there are cameos a go-go -RRB- , but too frozen with a sense of its own seriousness to grip .
The film 's watchable enough if you 're indulgent of its flaws but at 167 minutes it does tax the patience .
Overlong and a little overstuffed , but De Niro 's ambitious tale of the CIA 's Cold War genesis is still worthy , smart and relevant .
The assured complexity of the film is only half successful as a result , including the central emotional throttle of father-son traumas . But it 's still an engaging work , crafted with great care and attention to detail .
De Niro juggles the myriad big-picture parts with reserved professionalism ; it 's the central character , ironically , that 's the movie 's Achilles ' heel .
A slick and classy production , dripping with talent and expensive production values .
Any time The Good Shepherd tries to get dramatic , it goes limp from the effort , straining to impress us with the human cost of the Cold War spy game .
The Good Shepherd feels authentic because it keeps everything on a human scale . There 's no mythologizing the agency ; there 's just a solid depiction of how it was shaped by human beings .
It 's a risky narrative strategy , and if it 's not always riveting , it is apt : defined by his secrets , Edward recedes from his own story .
Hardly a lightning bolt , and hardly one that deserves 160 deadening minutes of misdirection and repetition .
At nearly three hours , the reach is so vast the movie never finds its shape .
No previous American film has ventured into this still largely unknown territory with such authority and emotional detachment . For this reason alone , The Good Shepherd is must-see viewing .
His wife does n't love him , his son 's scared by him and he seems to be on better social terms with his enemies than his friends . Then again , we ca n't quite blame them . We do n't like the guy either .
Cool , cynical irony drips from every moment ...
Intelligent and totally absorbing ... The most underrated film of ' 06 .
Robert De Niro 's fictional take on the founding of the Central Intelligence Agency lacks two key components of the spy genre : suspense and action .
This expertly made film is fascinating and gripping . And it 's also so long that it feels like an entire TV series on DVD .
The out-of-order sequencing adds little in terms of thematic structure , and thwarts all attempts to get swept up in the film 's narrative flow .
De Niro seems to be good with actors but less successful at stringing a movie together , and keeping it together , scene by scene .
... a dead-in-the-water hulk ...
If you 're a skeptic who 's intrigued by government cover-ups and secret societies , let `` The Good Shepherd '' lead you into its web of deceit .
The final film is simply so emotionally neutered that it 's impossible to care about what happens on the screen .
Robert De Niro directs a near-epic-film of near-epic-length that nearly works .
An intricately-plotted political potboiler which makes the idea of working for the CIA seem anything but romantic .
Even Schindler 's List had moments of humanity and that was the freaking holocaust . Lighten up , dudes .
The psychological profile of Wilson ... is muted and torturously paced , though Damon 's frosty Bourne Identity demeanor is perfect for the job .
-LRB- Robert -RRB- De Niro 's pacing and editing is so precise that you do n't want the story to end .
An impeccably designed production , The Good Shepherd shoots for greatness and almost gets there . The secret is out : It 's just too darn long .
Two and a half hours of watching unidimensional Matt Damon is about two hours too much , especially considering the ludicrous characters with whom he plays here .
Stays with you long after a standard-issue espionage flick has dissipated in a hail of bullets .
Takes its half-truths , conspiracies and betrayals way more seriously than we do .
A well-acted drama about the genesis of the CIA and the zealous patriots who made it into a powerful agency animated by fear and paranoia about our enemies and distrustful of everyone .
It makes a little noise about what might take place under the radar in a democracy .
Patient viewers will find much to appreciate in this chilly yet absorbing drama .
... solid and thoughtful but relatively unexciting -- the kind of film that 's more admired than loved .
The film purports to tell the inside story of the first 20 years of the CIA , but Damon 's Bourne movies are more realistic spy stories .
Much like screenwriter Roth 's Munich , takes a complex set of issues and provides an angled illumination that does n't easily let the viewer off the hook .
A rich , complex and galvanizing look at the CIA . DeNiro has crafted a near-epic and first class film that engages us with its scope , multi-layered plot and brilliant cast .
The mesmerizing espionage thriller chronicles the inception and ascendancy of the CIA .
Robert De Niro 's icy drama , from Eric Roth 's densely researched original screenplay , unfolds over the course of two decades and traces the history of modern-day spycraft .
It 's like watching a fish stare at you from inside the magnifying wall of an aquarium , and about as exciting .
It 's a long -LRB- nearly three hours -RRB- , deliberately paced film , and an intelligent one .
Robert De Niro 's The Good Shepherd is a remarkable study of the corrosive effects of fear and power on an establishment insider who puts duty above all else .
The Good Shepherd does contain occasional tense moments and threatens , at points , to blossom into an actual thriller . But instead , it remains a character study of a character who is frustratingly hard to read .
Damon is solid as usual , but as the film rolls into hour three , his inscrutability starts to feel less like a personality trait than an unwillingness to develop the character .
A smart , multilayered espionage drama .
Handsomely crafted and impeccably acted by an all-star cast , this quietly riveting and meticulously detailed film presents a fascinating portrait of Cold War-era espionage .
A cool-headed thriller , and a richly detailed character study that traces the birth and evolution of America 's foreign espionage bureaucracy , The Good Shepherd also marks a significantly more mature , assured directing turn from Robert De Niro .
The movie is carried by Wilson 's professional relationships , propelled by an able supporting cast .
Director Robert De Niro 's no frills approach to spying is probably a more realistic one , but not always as interesting .
It 's a perfectly paranoid world that director Robert De Niro chronicles in this patient , methodical thriller .
The Good Shepherd is a rich , sprawling film stuffed with fine performances and capable of expanding to take in vast chunks of history or narrowing to concentrate on delicate human moments .
It 's a rich concept -- The Godfather , Part II set in Langley , Va. -- and it might have been a classic if someone like Francis Ford Coppola had come out of semi-retirement to direct it .
Sad to say , but Robert De Niro 's The Good Shepherd , an ambitious and starry but lamentably interminable attempt to trace the beginnings of the Central Intelligence Agency , may well have you counting sheep .
If the lives of CIA spies are really this dreary , they may as well keep their secrets to themselves .
The Good Shepherd is the film Francis Ford Coppola should have directed instead of The Godfather Part III .
An intricate , deliberately paced 2-hour and 37-minute work that not only quietly presents this quicksand world but also makes us feel what it would be like to live in it .
Damon once again demonstrates his flair for creating inscrutably devious characters .
If you 're looking for action , The Good Shepherd will be a letdown . But as a deep meditation on the nature of espionage , it 's a minor classic .
Stellar cast , plodding storytelling .
The Good Shepherd is a painstakingly composed film , as planned and programmed and puzzled over as tactical maneuvers on a chessboard .
The Good Shepherd is a flat draft of history that looks at the Central Intelligence Agency 's early years through the horn-rimmed gaze of a fictional spook .
It 's surprising that this three-hour tour of thirty-some years of history moves as well as it does .
Painfully overlong , weighed down by its own self-conscious seriousness and filled with nonsurprises , The Good Shepherd will appeal only to those who like dreary tales filled with unlikable characters .
The Good Shepherd is a quietly sweeping , intensely intelligent and nail-biting history of the Central Intelligence Agency .
Better than average , but barely .
While De Niro 's direction is certainly stylish , the frosty performances are off-putting .
Moving from 1939 to 1961 , an incident-heavy script finds enough material to keep several movies percolating , yet it seldom reaches a boil .
DeNiro 's CIA tale shows some good film-making but simply too much of it .
Robert De Niro sat at the feet of Francis Ford Coppola and Martin Scorsese , and learned his lessons well .
Told with a visual efficiency that belies the film 's considerable length , Shepherd is a muscular , unsentimental movie about shadow warriors and dark compromises . It takes its audience 's intelligence for granted and rewards it at every turn .
The cinematic spy world has never been so dreary .
If you think George Tenet 's Central Intelligence Agency was a disaster , wait until you see Robert De Niro 's torpid , ineffectual movie about the history of the agency , The Good Shepherd .
But so what ? The film is so technically plodding and dramatically inert I can think of about seventeen other things I 'd rather have doing than watching this . The movie is that bad .
Perhaps it 's fitting that a movie about the early CIA be tangled and opaque , but this drama loosely based on the life of uberspook James Angleton verges on incoherence .
The Good Shepherd is not an easily embraceable picture , but the story it tells is simply too compelling to dismiss , even at its ugliest .
The Good Shepherd leaves you longing for the other , better political thrillers it evokes .
While -LSB- De Niro is -RSB- a whiz with actors , he 's no Francis Coppola , and his calculated , observant tone grows cold .
Unfortunately a heavy pace and an unnecessary time-jumping device mar `` The Good Shepherd . '' That said , the intricate story is blessed with an intelligent script -LRB- by Eric Roth -RRB- and brilliant performances .
Stoic , simmering and almost film noir , The Good Shepherd creates a very dangerous and intriguing world
The film finally resembles nothing so much as its most persistent symbol : an objet d'art crafted to impress with empty trickery .
Matt Damon is so good at action , you wish he 'd been given some here . Instead , buttoned up in his company-man suits and snap-brim hats and Clark Kent specs , he 's all inwardness , an impenetrable blank .
Seems to have been inspired by two of De Niro 's more celebrated movies , ` The Godfather Part II ' and ` Once Upon a Time in America ' ; if it lacks the bravura set pieces of those films , it at least unfolds with its own whispery integrity .
Damon 's slow realization of his family 's seemingly endless cycle of unhappiness is heartbreaking , even if we are way ahead of him .
A historical drama that 's as dry as a textbook .
... a rich film that rewards careful attention ...
an offbeat epic , a chronicle of espionage and skullduggery that features little in the way of traditional action ... But the movie is exceedingly well-made ... and full of eerie atmosphere .
The tempo takes some getting used to , but it 's only a matter of time before the sinister urge of the C.I.A. takes hold , and De Niro 's aesthetic choices start to find their groove .
The movie remains only academically involving .
Solid , respectable filmmaking , egregiously overlong -LRB- a plague this time of year , it seems -RRB- but still highly watchable .
The Good Sheperd feels like it escaped from a parallel world that never experienced the one-two punch of Jaws and Star Wars and instead based its blockbuster formula on The Godfathers .
The Good Shepherd is drama at its best , a complex meditation on the freedoms we take for granted and proof that just a little information about how we maintain them is way too much .
Director Robert DeNiro also brings in the human side of the story without making it feel like an intruder , or a snoozer .
ambitious , multilayered
There are no impeccably tailored dinner jackets to wear while sipping stirred martinis , no brainy bombshells to seduce , no cool gadgets , no sportscars . This is dirty -- in all senses of the word -- tradecraft .
Robert De Niro 's sophomore directorial effort is so subdued that in the end it feels like nothing of significance has happened .
De Niro is endlessly fascinated with the birth and evolution of the Central Intelligence Agency , but his film is such a mind-numbing bore that it is impossible to recommend .
Directed by Robert De Niro , The Good Shepherd is an origin story about the C.I.A. , and for the filmmakers that story boils down to fathers who fail their sons .
A meandering , near-three-hour epic that tries hard but basically fails to be The Godfather of CIA movies .
The Good Shepherd is serious adult moviemaking , a truly surprising effort from De Niro , a man deeply interested in the art , craft and psychology of espionage .
The Good Shepherd does occasionally strike the right , creepy note .
Except for helping you maintain a consistently slow pulse rate , The Good Shepherd is n't good for much .
It has a fascinating central character and the right actor playing him , with an excellent supporting cast -LRB- Michael Gambon ? Alec Baldwin ? Timothy Hutton ? All great . -RRB- . But it has n't figured out where to take the story .
DeNiro 's direction is masterful here - he uses `` The Godfather '' as his structural and thematic template yet tonally his film is as cool as its predecessor is hot .
Many things happen in The Good Shepherd , but very few of them are especially interesting or , more to the point , memorable .
Though illuminating as a history primer on the CIA , The Good Shepherd has the spark of an 8 a.m. college lecture .
Imagine a White Anglo-Saxon Protestant version of the first two Godfather movies drained of operatic passion but left with all their epochal sweep , double-dealing violence and richly detailed verisimilitude .
It 's a rare occasion when you emerge from a sprawling three-hour movie thinking about how much they left out .
This rangy spy saga , odd but not unrewarding , oscillates between murmured , hushed skullduggery and the eerie quiet of its central character .
It turtles forward for 160 minutes with unrelenting , humorless solemnity , as if everyone involved were unaware that it has arrived three decades too late to matter .
-LSB- Robert De Niro has -RSB- made one of the best pictures of the year .
As impenetrable as the -LSB- CIA -RSB- itself .
If Robert De Niro had directed ` Casino Royale , ' Bond wouldhave been suitable for Masterpiece Theater . And that 's nota compliment .
Daniel Craig rarely stopped flexing as the new James Bond ; here Matt Damon hardly moves a muscle .
Robert De Niro made up for lost time by making `` The Good Shepherd , '' a film that feels like it takes 13 years to watch.That 's an exaggeration . The sprawling , 160-minute epic only feels like it takes seven hours .
It 's almost impossible to buy Wilson as a pioneer who helped shape one of the world 's most intricate and devious intelligence agencies , leaving us to wonder how the CIA could ever have gotten off the ground through the labors of such an utter stiff .
Clocking in at nearly three hours , The Good Shepherd is a numbing history of the C.I.A. that leaves you Novocained .
The sort of le Carre that even le Carre does n't write anymore , but without the British accent ... a solemn but compulsively fascinating puzzle .
The type of movie that would probably improve with repeat viewings , but God only knows who could sit through this experience twice .
The problem is that De Niro nails a particularly emotionless , chilly , paranoid tone -- and then stubbornly refuses to modulate it for damn near three hours .
It 's the story of the season : Trim about a half-hour and you could turn a good movie into a great one .
As long as it is , Shepherd speeds through its leading man 's life , cramming in 30 years without elaborating on any of them .
A cinematic still-birth .
The Good Shepherd is equally fascinating as a character drama and as a cold war thriller .
One of the most impressive movies ever made about espionage .
`` The Good Shepherd '' is all about tone and the stoic atmosphere of secrets and lies that protects U.S. government agents . It 's about a milieu of insidious self-important people in positions of power who took advantage of their autonomy .
Ostensibly the untold story of the birth of the C.I.A. , Robert De Niro 's film is really the most mundane psychological profile of the year .
It 's tough to slog through a movie that has no pulse .
Excessive running time -LRB- 168 minutes -RRB- and deliberate pace are not the problem of De Niro 's ambitious saga -- it 's the lack of a proper dramatic paradigm to illustrate vividly what often comes across as history lecture , though the facts are fascinating .
A buttoned-up , shadowy dramatic recounting of the early days of the buttoned-up , shadowy Central Intelligence Agency .
Damon is terrific in the role -- all-knowing , never overtly expressing a feeling .
Even if the movie 's vast reach exceeds its grasp , it 's a spellbinding history lesson .
I 've seen glaciers with a faster pace and better focused on its intrigue .
An epic bore . So slow nothing happens but talk for 3 hours .
Not boring , exactly , but undeniably tedious .
While a bit unwieldy at nearly three hours and at times slow going , the film is absolutely fascinating for anyone who shares De Niro 's passions .




@highlight

Though ambitious and confidently directed by Robert De Niro , The Good Shepherd is ultimately a tedious drama that holds few surprises and succumbs to self-seriousness .