An aimless pastiche of archival footage and current interviews of former Vietnam vets court-martialed and jailed for their anti-war activities .
The power Sir ! No Sir ! has as a film overrides any problems it presents .
We have n't got space to do justice to David Zeiger 's important historical documentary Sir ! No Sir ! but suffice it to say that it will change your understanding of the Vietnam era , even if you were alive then .
I expected to emerge depressed by how long these stories have gone untold , but the speakers ' courage and humanity are a shot in the arm .
David Zeiger 's documentary feature Sir ! No Sir ! might be described as a therapeutic film , since it seeks to cure some small part of America 's amnesia .
Not only a fascinating illumination of a blotted-out part of the counter-cultural , popular-protest '60s , but a timely questioning of patriotism and duty in the midst of an increasingly unjustifiable war .
Zeiger makes good use of archival footage , photos and sound bites from the period . And the frankness of his interview subjects is refreshing .
Zeiger presents a trippy alternative history that prompts questions about what today 's troops in Iraq might be thinking .
Whatever political side you 're on , you owe it to yourself to see Sir ! No Sir !
Zeiger has rallied remarkable faces and voices .
Zeiger 's movie is a timely salute to the risky and brave men and women who had the temerity not only to think for themselves but to speak their minds .
Because there 's a contemporary vibe to David Zeiger 's informative Vietnam War documentary , the film is able to exist on two separate -LRB- if unavoidably linked -RRB- plateaus .
Shines a light on a forgotten corner of the antiwar movement : the men -LRB- and a few women -RRB- who returned from their tours of duty filled with doubt and disillusionment over what they saw , and did , there .
About an almost-forgotten fact of the Vietnam era : Anti-war sentiment among U.S. troops grew into a problem for the Pentagon .
Honors those who fought , then questioned the morality of that fight , then joined the national protest .
An invigorating , compelling tribute to men and women who exhibited real courage and commitment on a different kind of battlefield .
Recaptures the Vietnam era 's revolutionary zeitgeist .
While a great number of former servicemen are interviewed for the film , their largely one-on-one recollections and testimonies are greatly magnified by the massive amount of archival visual footage presented here .
Have you heard about the thousands of GI 's who refused to go on any more combat missions because they believed the war was wrong ? ` Sir , may we have an explanation of why we 're fighting , sir ? '
In seeking to express its outrage over the Vietnam War , Sir ! No Sir ! loses its moral compass , conflating dissidence and traitorousness , and confusing friends with the enemies of their enemies .
Hawks and doves alike should be grateful to Zeiger for preserving a fascinating piece of American cultural history that the vets recount here .
The appropriateness of the Coup 's `` Captain Sterling 's Little Problem '' for a film about the GI antiwar movement during the Vietnam war underlines the awful sameness of then and now .
Is sure to reheat the 40-year-old controversy between the two intractable sides of the Vietnam War .
It 's an invaluable record of what some soldiers felt about the war they fought and what some soldiers did about it when they returned home .
Most soldiers in every war do n't want to fight . Not all of them whine with the success these people had .
Makes its case insistently enough to raise the question why another war would seem like such a good idea so soon after the Vietnam debacle .
A tight , engrossing and excellent chronicle of the movement made by these heroic men who chose to question authority instead of falling in line .
Sir ! No Sir ! movingly captures the raw excitement of grunts discovering their power and their voices in their ability to resist .
A powerful documentary that uncovers half-forgotten history , history that is still relevant but not in ways you might be expecting .
Zeiger ca n't resist overstating the extent of the GI peace movement , and his singular focus in hailing the protesters creates more than a few blind spots in his movie .
The soldiers ' disillusionment at what they saw in Vietnam is palpable , and Zeiger does a service by bringing their stories out of history 's forgotten files and into the light .
David Zeiger 's superb documentary about the Vietnam War era 's GI protest movement is jammed with incident and anecdote and moves with nearly as much breathless momentum as the movement itself .
... an unexpected gem ...
-LSB- An -RSB- important and compassionate film .
This is powerful stuff , offering us not only a new look at the past , but to the unavoidably relevant insights into the present .
A film that threatens the war movement with every showing , the Bush administration should outlaw it from all theatres within fifty miles of an armed forces recruiting station .
well worth seeing for the new view it provides on militaristic organization
In his smart , timely documentary , David Zeiger remembers that war and the veterans whose struggles against it are too often forgotten .
Sir ! No Sir ! so vividly evokes the rage , passion and provocation of the era it chronicles that it feels up-to-the-minute .
If there was such a widespread antiwar movement within the military , why did the war drag on so long ?
Sir ! No Sir ! is a reminder of Fonda 's star power , past and present ... her charisma and zeal have n't mellowed a bit .
As it is , this one is compelling enough , a potent mix of outrage , residual anger , and sorrow that speaks not just to the legacy of our misadventures in Vietnam , but to the entire uncertain future of a nation at war .
This documentary is strong stuff with a powerful evocation of a past with strong implications about the present .
Here are your marching orders : Check out this documentary for a fresh perspective on the Vietnam War protests .
Offers nothing in the way of balancing the protest viewpoint ... -LSB- but -RSB- still usefully revisits -- during our current unpopular war -- the internal conflict of America during the Vietnam War .
This is an important chapter in the Vietnam library of films .
The voices of the veterans alone , however , make this an important and poignant film that can speak to any generation .
A ` must-see ' documentary which seeks to return to the historical record the pivotal story of the GI anti-war movement during the Vietnam War .
This compelling documentary by director David Zeiger recounts what were more than half a million ` incidents of desertion ' during the war , many of them acts of direct rebellion against the legitimacy of the war .
The doc proves to be an interesting , respectful portrait of Vietnam vet protestors that ultimately lacks a much-needed measure of dramatic nuance and friction .
Illuminates the past while providing lessons for today 's peace movement . An outstanding documentary .
Because it 's bolstered by proud memories of Vietnam vets who turned against the war , Sir ! No Sir ! rings with an exultant , even elated tone .


@highlight

A powerful reflection on a pivotal era , from a viewpoint seldom visited , this documentary hits home , especially with its relevance to current events .