It 's a sunny , uplifting and gently moving delight .
-LSB- Susanne -RSB- Bier 's intelligent direction , smart screenplay and canny casting make it a cut above your average middle-aged wish-fulfilment romance .
A simple but luscious romantic movie about a couple for whom love is anything but easy .
While Love is All You Need is better than most films of its type , it 's still unable to overcome the numerous cliches that come attached to such a story .
There 's something about a free spirit , even in a movie , that makes everything and everyone around her feel more vibrant .
I think Bier might be a little too acute an observer of human behavior to agree with the simple premise of her film 's title , but she makes us believe it for a while , anyway .
Lead actress Trine Dyrholm is the best thing about this pat , conventional comedy-drama of romantic reassurance for middle-aged moviegoers and their mothers .
Buffeted by languorous Italian vistas and the emotional depth of the characters , the film falls more into the Nancy Meyers camp of rom com , in which relatable late-in-life romances are played out against sumptuous settings .
The string of awkwardly hilarious family moments will provide plenty of laughs while also endearing the characters to viewers of this Danish romantic comedy ... And the more serious moments make for a film that 's also surprisingly poignant .
Result : sufficient pleasure .
This bittersweet , multilingual romantic comedy is just as fluffy and forgettable as its title suggests .
Even if it 's flawed by a few obvious clichés , Love Is All You Need still comes highly recommended .
Do n't think for a moment that postcard prettiness is all that this picture has going for it ... Susanne Bier has made a smart , winning movie that 's tougher than many others in its field .
The question is n't whether the two people at the heart of Susanne Bier 's Love Is All You Need will get together , but how ... Bier demonstrates excellence in a genre where excellence is n't expected
The middle-aged romance between the central characters is a lovely thing , and that makes up for everything .
Bier is daring to deal with both familial dysfunction and mature romance without painting either in the standard broad strokes .
A sneakily affecting and entirely pleasant movie elevated by its cast .
Pitched somewhere between a frothy Hollywood romantic comedy and a more sophisticated European family drama , Susanne Bier 's Love Is All You Need succeeds as neither .
A watchable romance that needed a lighter touch .
There are smiles and laughter to be found in Love Is All You Need , but they 're not the gossamer sort that evaporate in the moonlight .
It is a perfectly timed , wish-fulfillment summer vacation movie set somewhere idyllic that you ca n't possibly afford to visit .
We 've seen enough romantic comedy to know these two are destined to fall for each other , but Bier is that rare filmmaker who can make you wonder if there will actually be a happy ending .
Pierce Brosnan is n't the only reason to see Love is All You Need . He 's merely the best reason to seek out Danish filmmaker Susanne Bier 's entertaining if familiar romantic comedy .
I lost count of how many times `` That 's Amore '' turned up on the soundtrack , and the comic situations are so stale that the whole thing plays like a Scandinavian Tyler Perry movie .
At the heart of this formulaic bore is the potential for a far more interesting story .
The movie seems to drift instead of sail . But when you 're a grown-up , you realize it 's not about the destination , but the journey .
While this is hardly Bier at her best , the agreeable leads , lovely locale and tweaking of romantic comedy conventions make the film more engaging than one might expect .
Brosnan is good , and he and Dyrholm erase any and all signs of contrivance in the plot , the script .
This is a mature rom-com , if that 's not a contradiction in terms .
Adult sophistication is Bier 's aim , and she delivers .
Despite the excess cheese atop the story , the setting in the birthplace of pizza gives `` Love Is All You Need '' a satisfying finish .
The good intentions on display here are n't worth much without a little more originality and verve .
Soft around the edges , but with sincerity at its heart .
` Mamma Mia ! ' without ABBA or the singing .
Coffee-table harmlessness .
Bier spices up the long-hackneyed generic formula with lush location cinematography , outstanding performances ... and subtitles , but otherwise the movie needs a lot more than love .
Bier 's first English-language film deals in the same dumbed-down wish fulfillment peddled by standard American studio fare . What 's the Danish word for `` Sarah Jessica Parker '' ?
All you need is a better movie .
It 's lesser Bier , spotlighting an intentional creative move to reach the wider audience she deserves . It 's perfect for the rainy day rental , but any expectations beyond that are bound to be crushed .
Overall Love is all you need for a feel-good viewing experience that 's enjoyable without feeling superficial .
Has nothing to do with The Beatles ' ` All You Need Is Love . ' Based on the movie 's low quantity of romance , it may as well be called The Walrus I Am .
It 's thanks to a calming Italian setting and amiable chemistry between its leads that the film is able to rise above its conventional setup and sometimes erratic and convoluted plot developments .
The whole of `` Love Is All You Need '' makes me want to book a plane to Italy 's Amalfi Coast for a long vacation .
Susanne Bier is unwilling to abandon her own clear-eyed , skeptical view of mankind and its troubles even when in a lighthearted mood .
Director Bier , and her longtime writing partner Anders Thomas Jensen , wove serious undertones into the fabric of this bittersweet romance .
Older teens , adults can say `` I do '' to wedding dramedy .
Departing her trademark dramas , noted Danish filmmaker Susanne Bier remixes the rom-com in a sparkling cocktail that celebrates the messiness of life .
Dyrholm has an unusual magnetism , the kind of face that seems open and unguarded , yet you ca n't figure out just what it is she 's thinking - she and Brosnan share an excitingly adult chemistry .
Even with its flaws and occasional flat-footed choices , this is still a rare movie for grownups .
Rather than give her protagonists vivid interior lives , Bier defines them in relation to the satellite characters who circle them ...
Overstuffed Love Is All You Need an unsatisfying , predictable rom-com from Susanne Bier
Trine Dryholm proves she could be ` the best actress ever ' and Pierce Brosnan is equally good in this tender romance that has several twists and turns .
Despite the gorgeous sights and rollicking sounds of sunny Italy , a Scandinavian heaviness hangs over the film , with a screenplay by Ms. Bier 's frequent collaborator Anders Thomas Jensen , based on a story they developed .
A lovely little lark with a good head on its shoulders .
It 's the rare love story that avoids treacly sentimentality . Even rarer is a believable romantic comedy featuring middle-aged people that avoids jokes about sagging flesh and waning libidos .
There are laughs and a warm romantic feeling to be had , but there 's more going on here than simple feel-good story-telling .
Two troubled souls struggle with obstreperous relatives and a bundle of unresolved life issues apparently snatched from the nearest airport bookstore .
What 's remarkable ... is how Ms. Bier 's film , in Danish and English , finds beauty in its quiet moments , which are many and close between .
Everything is telegraphed , but that does n't mean receiving the message is a let down , largely due to Bier 's expert hand and her wonderful cast ... Dyrholm 's luminous performance buoys the film .
At times it seems as if Susanne Bier set out to create some kind of absurdist comedy , but lost her nerve somewhere along the way .
... a grandiose romance with deeply-buried secrets and soul-stirring declarations of love .
Bier and Jensen have relied so heavily on clichés that their effort ca n't compare even to the formulaic movies they 're trying to emulate .
Mixes in just enough poignancy and honest emotion to make it a perfect date movie , at least for older couples .
As movies have taught us before -LRB- and no doubt will again -RRB- , a little Mediterranean sunshine and a few plucks of soundtrack mandolin go a long way toward healing heartache .
A refreshingly uncynical and surprisingly practical portrait of two people learning how to take life at face value and embrace the joy which is made available to them .
The sole saving grace of this treacly middlebrow dross is the naturally sweet chemistry between Brosnan and Dyrholm .
Its strongest moments come when Bier exceeds the expectations of the genre ...
It 's a nifty entertainment that 's always easy on the eyes and gains just a bit of dramatic weight as it moves forward .
-LSB- J -RSB- ust at the point when it might have tipped over into dreadful sitcomishness , director Susanne Bier ... starts finding achingly poignant moments amidst the familial insanity ...
An enchanting romantic comedy set on the Italian Riviera where two middle-agers find their lives in turnaround .
It 's neither unpredictable nor exactly fresh , but audiences willing to surrender to Susanne Bier 's gently comic romance will find plenty of rewards .
The characters are familiar social types , none too well conceived , and there is an almost painful lack of subtlety in the writing and performances , possibly because most of the script is in English .
We 've seen Brosnan playing middle-aged totty in a Mediterranean setting before , of course ; all that 's missing this time is the Abba songs . But Love Is All You Need is n't a Mamma Mia ! remix .
-LRB- ... -RRB- serious as well as being equally fun at the same time . Trine Dyrholm is a brilliant actress -LRB- ... -RRB- .
How cheering it is to see everyone 's third-favourite James Bond essay comedy that never strays into camp or self-parody .
It 's rare to find a romance that 's actually based on such vivid characters as these , but then this is from Oscar-winning filmmaker Susanne Bier -LRB- In a Better World -RRB- , who knows how to root films in people rather than plot structure .
Trine Dyrholm , as a wronged wife , makes the film worth seeing all by herself .
It 's a refreshing rarity to see a romcom in which the leads have true chemistry .
What 's not to like ? Unfortunately , quite a lot .
While it 's always commendable when filmmakers attempt to broach new territory , this disappointingly slight rom-com does not live up to director Susanne Bier and writer Anders Thomas Jensen 's more serious work .
It looks weirdly like a romcom pastiche , not cynical , but not properly inhabited ; it does n't taste of romance or comedy any more than Andy Warhol 's Campbell Soup cans taste of soup .
Manipulative and simplistic , but undoubtedly an enjoyable ride .
Tonally the whole thing is pretty nuts , but you can just about dig it .
Hugely enjoyable , utterly charming middle-aged romcom that delivers genuine laughs and powerful emotion , thanks to a warm-hearted script , superb performances and assured direction from Danish director Susanne Bier .
The scenery is lovely . Brosnan wo n't lose any admirers either . But by imbuing Ida with the perfect blend of optimism , courage and vulnerability , it 's the radiant Dyrholm who 'll make you go `` aaahhh '' .
The cliché-averse will doubtless resist , but the laughter and tears here are never less than fully earned . A lovely film .
-LSB- Peddles -RSB- a winning formula of fizzing dialogue and longing glances .
Willfully tries to market itself as delightful and heartwarming , but ends up being neither .
Maybe some of its ambition got lost in translation ?
Pleasingly endearing .
This is the loveliest , most patient and gentle romance I 've seen in some time .
It 's a frothy affair ... albeit one that still manges to be rueful and sombre when occasion demands .
A conventional romance is saved by some first-rate performances and photography on Italy 's beautiful Amalfi coast .
Pacing aside , this really is quite delightful .
Breathtaking visuals -LRB- sea cliffs , lemon groves -RRB- and heartfelt performances enliven what is otherwise a highly predictable story .
Family members turn out to be crazier than anyone expected . Well , anyone except savvy movie-goers .
Corny as a vat of polenta , but still rib-sticking enough to satisfy those who like lightly seasoned , easily digestible cinematic starch .
Love is All You Need has been made for an audience rarely catered for by the film industry : intelligent adults who enjoy perceptive and good-hearted drama .
Finely balanced and occasionally touching , this is the most joyous film by Danish director Susanne Bier , and a welcome , perhaps overdue , shift of gear .
A deceptively light-hearted romp that blends English and Danish with a touch of Italiano , for a lively , likeable view of the complexities of life and love .
Susanne Bier 's Love Is All You Need is so relentlessly unremarkable it might sit as the precise median on a chart of all films ever released .
Not that the film is bad , but it 's rather banal , although a female audience will howl me down
A scrumptious romantic comedy set on the dazzling Italian Riviera and as a result , happily puts us through the emotional wringer . I laughed and I cried
An appealing comic romance for and about folks of a certain age .
... a mildly diverting yet palpably underwhelming effort from the otherwise rock-solid Bier .

@highlight

Undeniably slight and fluffy , Love Is All You Need is redeemed by its picturesque setting and warm performances by Pierce Brosnan and Trine Dyrholm .