The film is nicely shot in New York and subtitled `` One moment can change your life forever '' . There 's not a moment here likely to change ours .
Bella is without doubt one of the least apologetic blendings of heartfelt intentions , cinematic manipulation , and ultra sentimentality that I have seen in some time .
This is not a weepy , but a story about healing , forgiveness and redemption .
Bella is mostly harmless , feel-good fare , and not unlike a TV movie of the week in depth . And you could take your old granny with you to see it , without fear .
From the quiet performances to the sensitive direction , everything about this movie is convincing except the very story that drives it .
Bella is an irrefutably effortless and heartwarming film , another indie gem with a deep soul and a beautiful message .
Bella is a gentle film with a big heart .
Corn smothered in queso , this sentimental hokum sticks in your throat .
It 's more of a life story than a love story . It 's also a story that would play just as well if you waited to see this on the small screen .
Its anti-abortion argument is loaded : How many pregnant waitresses discover they 've been working alongside a kind , sensitive and handsome former millionaire soccer star with no girlfriend who 's happy to become an adoptive father ?
An inspirational ethnic soap opera story about two damaged sensitive souls coming together in a stressed-out New York City .
Through the bog of clichés in director/co-writer Alejandro G. Monteverde 's melodrama , the flinty reality of Blanchard 's performance shines .
Bella turns out to be a clumsy message movie , one that leaves a lingering bad taste , whatever your beliefs regarding its highly divisive subject , abortion .
Bella is a -LRB- ... -RRB- parable of remorse and redemption , a tale of two damaged souls who end up helping each other find release from their tragic pasts .
Tender and intelligent , `` Bella '' simply shines as one of the finest movies of 2007 .
Bella is certainly a sweet , life-affirming picture , but it 's just not authentic or captivating enough to justify its wildly concocted scenario .
Rarely are crowd-pleasers so effortlessly artful .
This is , first and foremost , an actors ' showcase , and the entire ensemble delivers .
Alejandro Gomez Monteverde 's first feature may have more heart than head , but it 's also just as interesting for what it leaves out of its romantic story as for what it retains .
It wants to answer the questions it 's clearly too timid to ask , but the questions are always so much more interesting .
Bella expends so much effort hiding its agenda that it does n't have time to give us a story until the very end .
... it 's a movie that touches the heart , even if it has its narrative problems .
While Alejandro Gomez Monteverde 's film has its heart in the right place , its effectiveness is ultimately hampered by its awkward and maudlin execution .
-LSB- A -RSB- defiantly unsubtle , structurally clunky specimen .
` Bella ' is a good beginning for Monteverde . He exhibits the making of an excellent director . This film is not quite there yet , but it 's close .
The movie works because we care about all the characters , especially with writing that rings true , not maudlin .
An inspirational drama about a loving and compassionate man who gives a troubled and lonely woman a new lease on life with a selfless act of kindness .
Bella is a movie that wears its bleeding heart on its sleeve and loves its characters to distraction .
The film never takes direct issue with a woman 's right to choose .
A tearjerker that earns its sobs with heartfelt emotions .
Cynics need not apply , but I found Bella a real heart tugger .
The film creates characters who are so relentlessly thoughtful and attractive that it 's hard to worry about their problems , even at the outset .
An engaging failure , an inversion of some New York movie clichés , a sweet if incomplete movie about love with the proper stranger in the city that never sleeps .
Bella , insubstantial and trite , is as forgettable as a movie can be .
Crudely made tear-jerker .
A little too safe and tentative .
Writer-director Alejandro Gómez Monteverde brings to his feature debut a warmth and charity that offsets some of the script 's more obvious devices .
A barely disguised anti-abortion tract , Bella is simple-minded , heavy-handed and as subtle as a gorilla in a tutu .
Confessional moments and life lessons pop up around every corner as the movie swaps reality for old-fashioned melodrama . The movie defies logic .
A sweet , life-affirming picture , but it 's just not authentic or captivating enough to justify its wildly concocted scenario .
Monteverde 's unobtrusive direction makes Bella into something far more interesting and affecting than the mediocre telenovela it could have been .
May be the warmest , most heartbreaking family drama I 've seen in years .
Eduardo Verastegui sports the most distracting facial hair since that guy in Knocked Up who bet his roommates he would n't shave for a year .
Blanchard and Verastegui are the stars of the show here , and their interplay of trust and light flirtation is what keeps Bella out of the death grip of convention .
A heart-tugger with the confidence not to tug too hard .
What are you going to do when your lead actress offers a performance that 's as unlikable as the woman she 's portraying ?
Bolstered by engaging performances and an appealing Latin milieu , Bella tells a simple , idealistic story with considerable style and charm .
Without a standout performance or a compelling story the entire project is so slight you practically forget you 've seen it before it 's even over .
Bella is as pedestrian as they come .
The emotions at play in Bella are no doubt heartfelt , but they 're so cut-and-dried that the mawkish script virtually writes itself .
It ends like a TV show , and everyone has learned a neat little lesson . Phooey .
In his feature directorial debut , Alejandro Monteverde hits the mark as often as he misses it , but the film 's problems linger longer than its successes .
A Mexican movie in which the outcome is never in doubt , the scenes are endless -- sorry , we meant poetic -- and the false beard on the central character 's face looks as though it could use a little extra gum .
It 's better when the earthy Nina and the dreamy , Christlike Jose are more or less floating through the city .
Where a typical love story is often fantastical , the characters and situations in Bella are penetratingly real , with the grit , glare and sorrow that so often invades reality .
I wo n't spoil it , except to say that it manages to be utterly predictable without making any sense at all .
Does n't seem to have very much plot or purpose , besides being an overly sweet and cute love letter to New York City , but the writing and storytelling just are n't there .
Scored to a relentless mix of Spanish and English pop anthems , cut like a Grudge freak-out , and performed with all the gusto of a Chespirito skit .
The warm stars can do only so much to humanize a mucky narrative that unavoidably lessens the film 's emotional thrust .
... Blanchard delivers a searing , unexpectedly powerful performance that certainly eliminates any doubt as to her abilities .





@highlight

Critics labeled Bella as a simplistic and mostly pedestrian , but positive word of mouth gave this tiny indie surprising theatrical legs .