Michael Haneke 's sharp and timely thriller explores how the shadows of a man 's past can come back to haunt him with a vengeance .
Hidden is essential viewing for those who like their thrillers with depth , intelligence , and inimitable style .
Coming from a guy who sliced private parts onscreen long before Lars von Trier , `` Cache '' is restrained . But Michael Haneke skillfully , slowly twists the knife on those who would so carelessly forget a decision that forever altered the life of someone else .
Many things are hidden in the layers of this brilliantly clever mystery from Michael Haneke : the truth , the point of view from which the story is told , the political references and , most intriguingly , the ending . Which is not to say you ca n't find them . B
Another step towards replacing facile jolts with compassionate scrutiny
Michael Haneke est visiblement un cinéaste qui adore mettre son public à rude épreuve .
Michael Haneke 's aptly named Caché -LRB- Hidden -RRB- is the kind of movie that fully engages the mind of the viewer . It 's a multi-layered , open-ended thriller , an onion sliced by taut piano wire .
Haneke does n't just communicate anything to be left up to the viewer ; he stacks up many ideas for the viewer to pick through .
Here , no image and no act of viewing seems entirely innocent .
Haneke 's most accessible film , wraps the viewer up in its cinematic universe and makes him feel the menace breathing dows his neck
Like the very best of Hitchcock , marries both high - and low-brows in the compulsively watchable format of the thriller .
Un drama intimista e inquietante que esconde una reflexión perturbadora sobre un vergonzoso capítulo de la historia francesa . Brillante dirección y actores .
Although its opening promises a mystery , the question at the core of ` Cache ' is not who is responsible for sending the packages ; instead , the film asks whether the real danger is outside the Laurents ' home or inside it .
Haneke has made a fine study of guilt and betrayal , and tries to convey what is hidden . Perhaps what is best hidden in the film is the claim that lies are conveyed at 24 frames a second .
Chillingly reminds us that in life , love , family and politics , we never know the full story . And someone is always watching .
The most unsettling part about Michael Haneke 's taut , psychological thriller Hidden , is the ever-constantly changing points of view . We are never sure through whose eyes we are watching the events .
If I have to sit through French small talk in a slow-paced film for two hours , I expect a substantial payoff .
However valid these themes may be , these are not issues that keep me awake at night . They do not squat on my brain like some fantasticated octopus of guilt .
It 's a head-scratcher , and a particularly fine one at that .
Challenges the audience to get involved in the story
Thrillers often betray their audiences in order to entertain them . In `` Cache , '' it 's the footage itself that betrays us .
stays with you long after the lights have come up in the theater -- how many recent movies can you say that about ? -- and its horror and brilliance grow deeper with passing time .
Though it fails to deliver as a thriller , it succeeds reasonably well as an unpleasant but brilliant social polemic .
... soaked in the shadows of the War on Terror .
To borrow the words of Winston Churchill , this film is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma -- and it 's equally powerful whether one is watching it in the moment or reflecting on its mysteries three months later .
Intriguing , shocking , frustrating and meticulously crafted .
The mystery becomes multilayered and metaphysical , more about the untrustworthiness of our senses , our memories and our official histories than the mechanics of the plot .
This French film -LRB- in bad , washed-out English subtitles -RRB- is a quiet chiller . A family 's social fabric unravels right before our eyes .
Filmmaker Michael Haneke has made Caché a guessing game that , unlike so many others of its ilk , actually has something to say -- and says it in a way that is utterly of the moment .
It 's a challenging film that nevertheless might be Haneke 's most accessible % u2014 and an unfortunate American remake ca n't be far away .
Haneke 's political message , though thought-provoking , is n't enough to sustain a story that , once its central mystery is solved , lacks a heart .
A slow-moving , nearly static exercise in political allegory that veers perilously close to the experience of watching paint dry .
Once the lights come up plenty of question marks still are floating around , waiting for answers that will never come .
Caché encourages us to look -- and then to look harder .
Contrarian that he is , Haneke does a much finer job forcing questions than providing an answer .
Haneke 's French video mystery reveals its secrets slowly , so slowly in fact that you almost wish it came with a fast-forward button .
Haneke 's patient , tip-toed assault turns Caché from a little movie about spooked haute-bourgeois media personalities into a sneaky and effective exposé on the artifice of film .
One thing that can not be argued is Haneke 's ability to attract the best actors in cinema , perhaps by promising to take them places they have never been .
Those who are patient will find the film quite effective in its look at the world 's sense of heightened paranoia , by examining the notion that , in today 's society , no one is safe ... even at home .
Haneke 's characters are never easy to like , yet it 's impossible not to empathize with their anxiety . It 's his mastery of the craft , both visual and sonic , that pulls viewers along in its grip .
This is a film you will be discussing for days , trying to figure out what actually happened and why .
While you 're watching it , Cache is a very good movie . Afterward , when you 're thinking about it , it becomes a great one .
Both Auteuil and Binoche superbly craft world-weary characters who feel alienated and objectified . The pathos seeps through the screen .
Haneke enjoys playing games with the audience , implicating us as voyeurs and reminding us of our passivity and powerlessness .
Caché is about how the way we look at people -- a spouse , a child , a homeless person , a security guard -- reflects our own humanity , exactly the sort of thing the best works of cinematic art aspire to reveal .
Daring and spine-tinglingly effective , Michael Haneke 's `` Caché '' does just about everything right ... until its incongruous final scene .
Politicized as it is , the movie never becomes didactic , thanks to the excellent acting and the firm , confident direction .
One of the most vital and strangely gripping films in recent years , a thriller more opaque , involving and realistic than just about anything that Hollywood is capable of .
What really makes Hidden so involving is Haneke 's sometimes maddening insistence on keeping things vague .
Any work of art that embarrasses us for inclining toward warmth or decency -LRB- or , God forbid , humor -RRB- ought to be distrusted . On the other hand , I have found myself unable to shake Caché .
The quality of pointed inquiry is not completely in vain , whatever ugliness scatters before the shining of that light .
Certainly Haneke 's most watchable film , `` Cache '' is also marvellously structured and effective .
` Cache ' is French for hidden , but about the only thing ` hidden ' in this supposed thriller is the suspense .
The only mystery is that there is none , and , with no real threat to the people we 're supposed to be concerned about , there is no drama , either .
Caché may leave you scratching your head . But if you 're like me , it will also come back to haunt you , force reflection on uncomfortable topics , and lead you to the conclusion that you 've seen an extraordinary use of film .
... a riveting movie .
... a mesmerizing and unnerving thriller , one with a sharp political bite .
I was expecting a spooky mystery about a family terrorized by a diabolical stalker . I got something even better .
... an extraordinarily taunt and suspenseful psychological thriller ...
What is it about Haneke 's films that make them click ? To take a wild guess it must be the coiled violence inherent in every frame .
Joins a line of distinguished thrillers ... that are more than just thrillers , and proves their equal .
The performances are superb . Auteuil and Binoche make a convincing couple and both actors convey their gradual emotional disintegration in subtly different ways .
Draws on very contemporary fears without ever mentioning them .
Once the visceral vigor wears off , Haneke 's ideas reveal themselves as blatantly schematic and a little bit silly . Imagine if Stanley Kubrick had directed Crash ...
Turns screws and perpetuate guilt in riveting Hitchcockian style .
Soon as this quietly terrifying film starts , the unease starts to fester .
While Caché offers food for thought , the last third is muddled .
The psychological effect of the film is great , buoyed not only by the layers of hidden secrets that obscure the characters true intentions , but in how the film is designed .
Haneke has a deceptively random way with narrative . The scenes do n't follow one another in conventional fashion .
Practically all ominous establishing shots , yet it can be an incredibly suspenseful watch .
It does n't just scare you ; it messes with your head .
-LSB- `` Cache '' is -RSB- intelligent and intriguing and will readily draw the film buffs in search of thought-provoking entertainment .
This is the most Hitchcockian of -LSB- director Michael -RSB- Haneke 's films .
A thriller with a powerful political subtext .
When Caché played at Cannes , some critics deplored its lack of a resolution . I think it works precisely because it leaves us hanging .
Tedious or tense , it 's all in the mind of the beholder -- and in the hands of the director . ... The talented Haneke keeps you so absolutely mesmerized .
By the final riveting and static images , fear and guilt have become almost palpable . You wo n't be able to look away .
It leaves a bad taste , but Caché is never less than enthralling , grabbing its audience through sheer force of technique .
Haneke 's aspiration to artistry is hideously high-toned .
This film is one long tease . There might be a solution , and it 's hinted at , but Director Haneke makes the possibilities so ambiguous that one ca n't be sure as exactly who done what . It 's really frustrating .
Caché 's approach amounts to some kind of methodical psychological torture of characters that simultaneously inhabit and seem trapped in Haneke 's screw-turning narrative .
Taking the traditional thriller genre and retaining its quality of gripping suspense , Haneke subverts it into a trenchant commentary on the seemingly irresolvable malignant conflicts of our time .
A master of the icy yet visceral shock , Austrian-born Michael Haneke often turns his formidably unpleasant imagination to the movie equivalent of a cruel prank . But in Cache -LRB- Hidden -RRB- , the subject matter is worthy of his nastiness ...
Cache never achieves any sort of emotional catharsis , or even resolution . But then Haneke 's subject is n't catharsis , or resolution . It 's repression -- and the willful amnesia of the wrongdoer .
... Hidden masterfully unfolds in Hitchcockian fashion .
Cache is one of those movies you could spend hours examining , analyzing and , above all , arguing about with others .
Writer-director Michael Haneke 's unnerving new mystery Cache -LRB- Hidden -RRB- worms its way into your brain and does n't leave for days .
Haneke 's exploration of willful ignorance , guilt , and history takes hold , and does n't quite let go when the lights come up .
It 's not the usual whodunit , but if you 're open to having your cage rattled , you wo n't be disappointed .
... Cache is taut , terse , brisk and immediately engaging ...
From its challenging opening to its sphinx-like conclusion , Haneke is firmly in command of his material .
Discomfiting .
... a brilliantly sinister mystery fraught with guilt , deceit and denial .
... fascinating ... spare ... ambiguous ...
The film is almost claustrophobically personal and yet fascinatingly broad in scope , an ambitious undertaking by director Michael Haneke .
... without a doubt the most provocative movie of the year .
Tempting as it is to dismiss Cache as a liberal guilt trip in the guise of a thriller , it is at the same time hard to deny its creepy , insinuating power .
If Haneke 's The Piano Teacher featured a riveting , but overwritten central character , his lean script for Caché -LRB- Hidden -RRB- moves in the opposite direction .
A haunting expose ' about a camera with a mind of its own and the closet of skeletons it barely holds in check .
A film about chickens coming home to roost , about arrogant people refusing to accept responsibility for their past sins ... Voyeuristic and creepy .
To some degree , Hidden is a cat-and-mouse thriller , the only problem being that mouse and cat insist on swapping roles .
Just when you think Haneke will slip away under the cloak of total obfuscation , he hits us with a long , final mega-shot .
Haneke , who tends toward big-themed allegory , has devised an original mystery hidden within a challenging technique .
A creepy , complicitous thriller that ratchets up the tension even as it asks us to study the mechanics of film fright .
There 's a sense that Hitchcock is hovering in the background and cheering for Auteuil , who musters all his French superstardom to play a man having his mask of blandness torn off .
I was n't prepared to be easily won over by Caché , but it turns out to be his most human and affecting movie to date .
Crisply shot and performed with raw intensity .
-LSB- Haneke 's -RSB- dark world view comes elegantly wrapped in its own contradiction .
The early sequences ' chilling suspense winds up getting hidden amidst its crowded , clumsy allegorical concerns .
The film 's frequent long takes are painful both on the eye and on the plot .
Too much of the plot 's machinery turns out to be a metaphorical mechanism by which to pin the tail of colonial guilt on Georges and the rest of us smug bourgeois donkeys .
An ingeniously open-ended sort of post-millennial Rashomon , in which truths cemented by technological recordings could still be interpreted as virtual lies .
A sharp-edged thriller about the refusal of privileged members of the winning class to trust others or to take responsibility for their actions .
A mind-blowing modern allegory in the exceedingly persuasive guise of an art house thriller .
there 's not enough there to escape the nagging feeling that this is simply a thriller with pretensions and uncommonly good actors
This is my favorite kind of movie -- one that allows you to watch it . Indeed , insists that you watch it , that you meet it at least half-way .
... surprisingly suspenseful and gripping ...
Mr. Auteuil and Ms. Binoche are alternately graceful and scary as people pushed to the brink of madness through sheer duress , and the director does a tense job of capturing their panic as they drift from tranquility into chaos .
-LSB- It -RSB- is a superb piece of work , made by a master of the form , yet I 'm not quite sure how much I like it . By design , it 's a purposely-unsatisfying contraption .
A disturbing , edge-of-your-seat thriller ... in which nothing particularly frightening or shocking happens .
Austrian director Michael Haneke regularly makes films that provoke and disturb , but this is his first one in memory to work as a genuinely engaging thriller instead of an existential statement about violence or the absurdity of life .
The film is effective as a psychological thriller about a family threatened from within and without as well as a political allegory about France and Algiers
This is not your straight-forward American thriller or suspense .
The tight pacing of Michael Hudecek and Nadine Muse 's editing keeps the story fluid and focused but very concise , commanding audience attention from start to finish .
A brilliant political allegory in the form of a psychological thriller , Michael Haneke 's Hidden achieves the remarkable , building power on both fronts as it proceeds .
In unraveling a nearly forgotten secret in the life of a self-satisfied and smug French intellectual , Haneke probes deeply into issues involving guilt , communication and willful amnesia .









@highlight

A creepy French psychological thriller that commands the audience 's attention throughout .