Gritty yet uplifting tale of artist with cerebral palsy .
Despite fine performances from Daniel Day-Lewis and Brenda Fricker , My Left Foot is a middling biopic that takes a rather superficial look at the extraordinary life of Christy Brown , never daring to go deeper into what made him tick .
A fairly generic biopic with an amazing turn by Daniel Day-Lewis .
Deviating from the standard Hollywood biopic , Sheridan 's chronicle told with candor , realism , and humor the story of paraplegic writer-artist Christy Brown , embodied in a tour-de-force Oscar-winning performance by Daniel Day-Lewis .
All performances are on the mark in this perfect little film .
-LSB- The film -RSB- leaves one with an overwhelming sense of the miraculousness of life and of this man 's spirit .
Even if all My Left Foot had to offer was Day-Lewis 's performance , it 'd be a must-see movie .
For all his character 's travails the film as a whole winds up surprisingly upbeat .
Nothing can detract from the power of this film , especially Daniel Day-Lewis ' astonishing performance as Christy Brown .
Day Lewis ' re-creation of writer/painter Christy Brown 's condition is so precise , so detailed and so matter-of-fact that it transcends the carping about casting an actor without cerebral palsy .
Daniel Day-Lewis gives a startling , dazzling performance .
Much of the pricelessness of My Left Foot comes from Daniel Day-Lewis 's spot-on portrayal of Brown , the first acting job that made critics and awards voters really take notice of him .
A rich cinematic experience , this uplifting British production will leave you in awe of the extraordinary Christy Brown .
This wonderful film , perfect in setting the scene of the era and locale , could not be a better story of hope and inspiration .
It 's easy to imagine what My Left Foot might have looked like in the hands of a lesser director like , say , Ron Howard .
Inspiration is inherent in Brown 's story , but Sheridan , co-screenwriter Shane Connaughton , and Lewis refuse to sanctify him .
... a boisterous , joyous affair , often funny , often brawling , sometimes sad , but always affecting .
A bit rudimentary in form and style , but full of bracing performances and an admirably light-and-dark tone .
An intelligent , beautifully acted adaptation of Christy Brown 's first book .
A stirring and triumphant biodrama about Christy Brown , who overcame being severely handicapped by cerebral palsy .
My Left Foot is a great film for many reasons , but the most important is that it gives us such a complete picture of this man 's life .
Not only does Day-Lewis master the physical aspects of the role , the minute-to-minute struggle of almost complete paralysis , he lives the painful genesis of an artistic character .
Jim Sheridan 's My Left Foot must be the most passionately empathetic film about a physical affliction ever made .
My Left Foot is remarkable filmmaking by Sheridan and stupendous acting by Day Lewis .
It is one of the better portraits of the life of the handicapped on film .











@highlight

No doubt most will come to My Left Foot for Daniel Day-Lewis ' performance , but the movie 's refusal to go downbeat will keep it in viewer minds afterwards .