Director Davis Guggenheim tries hard to keep things moving , but there is an unctuous `` Hollywood wives at work '' tone , where the rich and the fabulous suddenly appear to realize that their lifestyle may actually be in jeopardy .
A Tantalus glimpse of what America might have been with a president who cared about the planet , its people and its peace .
Netflix puts this Oscar winning documentary out again for those who spent the past seven years listening to paid-off-deniers and assorted other Fox News liars .
Those attacking Al Gore as a misinformed prophet or political crybaby likely never watched the film . Holding court with genial wit and warmth , Gore emphasizes his slide content 's morals and ethics over its politics and ends on practicality , not panic .
An adequate enough way to get the point across , but I ca n't help but wonder what the raves for this film are really about .
Gore gets admirable points for using intelligence in his arguments rather than fear
Gone is the excruciatingly wooden , heavily-made up candidate from the controversial 2000 Presidential election . In his place , the team from An Inconvenient Truth shows you the Gore democrats wish the voting public had seen % u2014a comfortable , enthusiastic
While the preaching is to the converted , the sheer organization , massing and clarity appear conclusive , and the youngish onscreen attendees nod in agreement .
Al Gore 's global-warming documentary , An Inconvenient Truth , may just be the scariest movie you will see this year .
The ultimate effect of An Inconvenient Truth is not unlike looking down the barrel of a loaded gun .
Highly recommended even if Al Gore is incapable of getting at the root cause of global warming .
Apesar de ter uma estrutura similar ao dos filmes que enfocam espetáculos de stand-up comedy -LRB- o que compromete sua fluidez -RRB- , este documentário traz informações absurdamente importantes que são transmitidas com clareza pelo carismático Gore .
Because of its biased tone and shameless promotion of Al Gore it is simply preaching to the converted .
A vitally important lesson , told in bland charts and alarming images .
Un documental contundente y alarmante que , de la mano de un preocupado y convincente Al Gore , se convierte en un verdadero llamado a la acción .
It grabs you like a thriller with an ending that will haunt your dreams .
Just because truths are inconvenient is no reason to suppose they are not real .
An eco-horror movie that is anything but escapist entertainment ...
Powerful , intelligent and surprisingly entertaining , Gore presents a compelling case . You 'll believe a film can change the world .
This is nothing short of life-changing ; a film that needs to be seen by every single person on this planet .
t 's an enduring irony of movies that one guy talking can be more compelling than a million dollars in locations , extras and effects .
Presented by former US Vice President Al Gore , this documentary is a cool , clinical examination of global warming . And if you thought the repercussions were years off , think again .
Despite or perhaps because of Gore 's schoolmasterly attitudes , his arguments have force . A kind of anti-charisma sees it through .
It is utterly convincing , it 's emotionally powerful and it makes Gore look more charming than he ever did as a presidential candidate .
Though generally presented in a fawning , overly obsequious style , the film also has a heartening degree of candor ... and its triumph is the manner in which it highlights the notion of political will as a renewable resource .
Gore is inspired here , a man on a crusade that slide by slide and impassioned remark by remark drives home the inconvenient truth about global warming . It 's an alarming scenario so calling him alarmist really misses the point .
The truth hurts .
Controversy is n't always a bad thing , and Mr. Freeze 's surprising warmth ignites a worthy discussion .
In spite of brief missteps , the film has an important message that needs to be heard . It 's not a doom-and-gloom movie as much as it is a call to action .
If you are unfamiliar with this issue , or are a sheltered dittohead , this film is a good primer on arguments supporting the idea of global warming .
I 'm recommending what is essentially a non-film because I agree with its politics and I 'd like for more people to agree with me than disagree .
... For those within its reach , ` An Inconvenient Truth ' is a film we can ignore only at our own peril .
Yes , it 's a science lecture when all is said and done , but it 's a science lesson that 's never dull -- chilling in its conclusions , but hardly boring .
In my heart of hearts , I know this is n't the best way to start a movie review . But in my heart of hearts , I also know I need to do what 's right .
Every responsible , thinking American should see this film .
It 's hard to make a visually compelling narrative out of 100 minutes of a 58-year-old man talking about carbon-dioxide emissions , but director Davis Guggenheim does it .
As lectures on film go , An Inconvenient Truth sends its message in clear and engaging fashion .
... an important subject , and ... possibly an important film .
The material is presented clearly and , for the most part , persuasively , although the side-trips into Gore 's family history ... seem like the minibiographies that are traditionally served up during election time .
The educational moments work beautifully , the personal bits do n't . Still , one of the year 's best - frightening , compelling and at points unforgettable .
The United States is by far the worst polluter on the planet , a shameful fact that has to change .
Cinematic brussel sprouts .
The movie is the message , and it 's worth seeing .
Though the information is dense and seems a bit like a college lecture , Gore and his presentation come across as quite engaging .
This is urgent , important stuff that simply ca n't be ignored -- or left to the politicians -- any longer .
The show is lively and heartfelt - a persuasive call to action .
An Inconvenient Truth makes a powerful argument that only the willfully deaf will fail to hear .
I doubt if this film can save the planet , but it speaks volumes for Gore 's political future as his public profile is given a much needed makeover .
A public service announcement that appeals mostly to our conscience , but also our hearts .
the documentary is so convincing that it makes opposers of the argument as credible as Holocaust deniers .
Even if you think global warming is a bunch of malarkey you 'll at least be reassured that Gore is not a robotic government android .
The film succeeds powerfully , even though it 's short on practical solutions , makes some questionable statements of fact and , given Gore 's current ambiguous position in public life , requires a tighter focus on the message than on the messenger .
Part awkward yet surprisingly funny stand-up comedian , part wily environmentalist , whether you like Gore or hate 'm , the last thing word you would use to describe Gore in his new documentary is `` boring . ''
This may be the first documentary in memory that will have audiences clamoring , `` More hard data ! More charts ! ''
It 's a `` must see , then go and do '' film .
The surprise of An Inconvenient Truth is that it 's not a downer . Gore 's humor is self-deprecating , his tone never bitter .
The truths in this challenging film are n't just inconvenient ; they 're darkly fascinating , mighty scary , and , it seems to me , undeniable .
It 's probably best to ignore the film 's political subtext and simply concentrate on the message : global warming is real , we 're responsible for it , and we can do something about it without ruining the U.S. economy . But we 're running out of time .
Well-crafted , compelling cinematic food for thought .
While it is a sobering film , it is not depressing ... there might be more fun ways to spend your summer afternoon , but Gore infuses his talk with much more than just , as he calls it , a nature hike through the Book of Revelations .
Despite -LSB- its -RSB- weighty evidence , An Inconvenient Truth manages to transcend total doom and gloom in gratifyingly imaginative ways ...
The film is more suspenseful than many thrillers and more emotional than many tear-jerkers . And , most of all , it 's scarier than any horror flick .
A nonfiction disaster movie about the ultimate in non-partisan concerns , the fate of the planet .
A torrent of data , graphs , and images churns into a Category 5 scientific warning of impending doom for the earth ... . consciousness-raising by a man who has found his calling .
The movie 's impact overcomes any discomfort with Gore or his politics .
On screen , Gore is persuasive and engaging , trotting out facts and photographs to go along with high-tech graphs that would make Ross Perot envious .
Regardless of all the cacophonous naysaying , this is an absorbing documentary that gently pushes a message that all Americans of sound mind and good conscience can embrace : Let 's work together to make the world a better place .
An Inconvenient Truth may be considered by some as liberal ranting by Al Gore , but Davis Guggenheim and all make a good case for his doomsday claims .
This movie will shake you , especially if you have kids . The central facts are piling up in a way that disturbs anything but indolent complacency .
It 's about science and only because we live in a society where believing in scientific truth has become controversial can it be seen as partisan at all .
If it all sounds a little contrived and too well-rehearsed , it is all on behalf of a greater good , since the statistics are individually alarming , collectively chilling and all but irrefutable .
Frightening and timely , the smartly organized documentary is an urgent plea for responsibility and action as well as an impassioned call to heed the ominous warnings of science .
A film that invests hard science with impassioned moral drive .
Matter of fact , it 's surprisingly entertaining , if ultimately shocking .
Communicates the dangers of ignoring global warning with credible urgency in a way news coverage of conferences and TV news segments have never been able to do .
Will likely make you admire Al Gore a little more than you already do , worry about the planet a lot more than you already do , and finally , leave you with as many questions as when you started .
... the fundamental obstacle to making the average human aware and concerned about the ecology is a matter of comprehending scale -- a problem which the formerly robotic Democrat tackles rather elegantly .
Gore 's insistent , motivated sense of morality has finally found an outlet , even making use of skills honed over years of campaigning -- parrying , querying , quipping .
The film makes -LSB- Gore -RSB- out to be a bigger martyr and a better savior than Jesus Christ , himself .
This is n't a ` fun ' film , per se , but it never ceases to be fascinating and eye-opening .
Despite quibbles over details , the case -LSB- Gore -RSB- presents is compelling , and anyone who is n't sure whether global warming is a mounting crisis or a massive hoax should see this film .
An Inconvenient Truth is entertaining and for the last reason you 'd expect : Al Gore is good company .
To Gore 's credit , he is using this film to promote something other than himself -LRB- although , granted , that is a nifty side effect -RRB- . He does seem to truly care about the world in which we live .
Like an inventive and engrossing lecture by your favorite eighth-grade science teacher , making it an engaging movie , whatever your politics .
Parroting conventional wisdom is anything but inconvenient , and a theory is not a truth . The ` sky is falling ' always sells -- books , movies and politicians .
The clarity and simplicity of the presentation is remarkable . Gore is a likable , confident , humorous speaker . And the material reminds us of the need for vigilance .
It will be interesting to watch how skeptics will deal with Gore 's bad news on the environment without making themselves look very small .
It 's very effective and very successful . I think it can create a debate and discussion and you can go from there .
Although it 's the most important film of the year , it will still be a hard sell to hard-headed truth-deniers .
Definitely propaganda on an issue that remains divisive ... -LSB- but -RSB- Even if Gore is wrong , and I 'm not saying he is , his proposed solutions are common-sensibly sound .
Has its heart in the right place but overall the film stands as a one-track doomsday warning with too little substance to achieve its intended effect .
This stunning documentary about global warming is a well-reasoned , clearly-proven , intelligent , cogent , irresistible torrent of scientific data , in a curiously warm , engaging , often funny presentation .
Gore plainly illustrates the bind we find ourselves in environmentally , while swiftly and effectively dismissing any so-called ` debate ' on the issue .
Gore 's multimedia presentation is like a rock concert : ever-changing visuals and on-stage mini-shticks that draw the audience into a mountain of scientific data , anecdotes that connect the dots and make the larger picture clear ...
While Gore 's onstage presentation tells us nothing new , it has a renewed -- call it recycled -- potency , in light of a growing scientific consensus about changing weather patterns .
Mandatory viewing regardless , much as an alarm clock must be heeded despite its annoying ring .
Regardless of how you may feel about Gore the politician , this film is an important one , and its ultimate message of hope -LRB- it 's not too late -RRB- and duty -LRB- as humans , we need to do the right thing by the planet on which we live -RRB- is inspiring and invigorating .
Brings a feeling of history : Virtually everyone who sees this movie will be galvanized to do something about global warming -- and everyone should see this movie .
Even if Gore is polishing his own image in advance of a run for president -LRB- he denies it -RRB- , he lays out the basics of the case for global warming in a way that is lucid and mostly fair .
Documentary filmmaking at its best : Make a case , make it convincingly , and show us what to do about it .
Much of this material is familiar , but presented in total , over the course of 100 minutes , the impact is frightening .
If you see only one movie this year , make it An Inconvenient Truth . It may not be the year 's best movie , or its most entertaining , but it 's certainly the most terrifyingly crucial .
An Inconvenient Truth , like its star , is quite persuasive in framing global warming as a crisis rapidly accelerating along with the planet 's population . That means us . And that means the potential to take action .
In 39 years , I have never written these words in a movie review , but here they are : You owe it to yourself to see this film . If you do not , and you have grandchildren , you should explain to them why you decided not to .
Really two movies : a sobering lecture about a globe that 's getting warmer and a profile of a leader whose career has always been hindered by his apparent lack of warmth .
In an eco-horror show that politely masquerades as a documentary , the former vice president effectively warns of man-made cataclysm .
Can you dislike Al Gore 's green documentary ` An Inconvenient Truth ' and still like trees ?
Leave it to Al gore to be more interesting and endearing as an educational lecturer than he was a candidate for President of the United States .
The most compelling disaster movie of the summer .
It 's a mind-boggling disaster epic that draws its special power from the fact that we are both the villains and victims of the story .
A powerful film that educates as it engages .
Gore 's one-man global road show manages to both stagger and humble viewers with an accessible mix of data and evidence .
No matter how much generosity critics and activists show this movie , it is still a boring slideshow by a boring speaker with cool graphics and thus , a boring movie .
Director Davis Guggenheim expands Gore 's highly polished multimedia lecture into dramatic form with personal footage of Gore that exemplifies his 40-year commitment to a subject that is consuming our Earth .
In the battle between Big Trouble -LRB- Gore 's line -RRB- and Big Oil -LRB- Bush 's -RRB- , fossil fuel won . Even with gas prices it 's still winning , which is why An Inconvenient Truth , for all its limitations as cinematic agitprop , deserves an audience .
After sitting through this monotone lecture on melting glaciers and carbon dioxide , you 'll be eager to drop the class .
For a doomsday lecture , it 's shockingly entertaining . Well , on second thought maybe ` entertaining ' is n't exactly the right word ...
Illuminating and distressing ... a grave message indeed .
Relevant and persuasive , it 's a convincing plea for activism .
From a ` legal ' perspective , Gore presents a strong case ... well worth seeking out , inviting others to , and debating afterward .
Gore has brought all the scattered news stories together in one briskly narrated , handsomely illustrated place , and the power of his points is striking . Sobering . Ultimately alarming .
It 's as a piece of entertainment that the movie scores its most surprising victory , taking the audience on a dizzying emotional and intellectual journey .
Al Gore is a big fat liar .
An Inconvenient Truth ca n't , of course , reveal a future that is still up to us , but by the time you 're done watching , the real question is , Which way on God 's green earth would you want to err ?
A stern warning and a call to arms , a must-see for anyone who hopes to save the world from ignorance and inaction .
Where he won me back was when he started talking about the population issues ... Perhaps this should be a birth control film as well as an environmental one .
Gore 's somewhat stiff but clearly deeply felt delivery turns out to be just right for this material . Anything else would sound shrill and shriek-y .
I wish that there was a way to get the facts in this film in front of the audience that needs to see it , the audience that takes the words of human mockeries like Michael Crichton and Michelle Malkin as gospel .
It seems better suited to classrooms than movie theaters , though any way its urgent message can be disseminated should be encouraged .
The argument would be compelling and moving , even if delivered stiffly , but one of the real revelations of the film is his relaxed , personable , often funny , delivery .
Inconvenient Truth might not be to everyone 's tastes , but it 's trying to do something positive in a time when forward thinking always seems to be punished .
Gore 's `` traveling global warming show '' brims over with insight , idealism , and hope .
If you believe , as I do , that global warming is a critical problem , then An Inconvenient Truth could not arrive at a more important time .
-LSB- Y -RSB- ou do n't need to like Gore , or trust him , or even believe him to get a swift kick in the pants , one that 'll scare the hell out of you ...
As a film , An Inconvenient Truth falls somewhere between an auditorium survey class and a stump speech , and if it covers no new ground , it benefits greatly from Gore 's air of educated sobriety and principled rectitude ...
... it 's impossible not to be shaken , stirred , and , finally , thoroughly enlightened by what the man is saying .
... the movie preaches to the choir rather than winning over new converts .
... much of what Gore says in this slide show he gives to people whose minds are not yet fully formed -LRB- undergraduates , actors -RRB- is absurd , and his assertions often contradict each other .
... a rousing , upbeat concert film about the end of the world .
Truth succeeds at cutting through the clutter surrounding global warming by making a clear , compelling case for how our actions are affecting the planet .
Anybody who takes a long-term interest in the state of the planet -- say , more than next hurricane season -- would do well to see An Inconvenient Truth .
... the film makes for compelling psychobiography despite the fact that Gore , stiff as an air-conditioned breeze at the Four Seasons , is n't the least bit compelling himself .
What could have been mired in political rhetoric or techno-speak is instead illuminating , fascinating and sometimes frightening .
An Inconvenient Truth is no great shakes as moviemaking , but it may just shake enough bean counters out of complacency to make a difference .
An Inconvenient Truth is a necessary film .
An Inconvenient Truth is one of the most realistic documentaries I 've ever seen -- and , dry as it is , one of the most devastating in its implications .
... highly persuasive ...
What one comes away with hoping for the future is that we do not look back on Al Gore as we look back now on Eisenhower -LRB- `` Why We Fight '' -RRB- or Edward R. Murrow -LRB- `` Good Night , and Good Luck '' -RRB- - as a man who gave a warning unheeded .
frankly , this is a guy who was VP of the United States , and he was n't able to affect change . Now he 's telling me to fix it by % u2026 recycling ?
Informative and enlightening ; one of those rare movies that absolutely must be seen .
Voters who perceived Gore as a stiff , bland politician hen-pecked by the issues and unable to connect to his audience may be pleased by this makeover .
Al Gore delivers his thousandth lecture on the subject as though it were his first -- he 's fresh and energetic , warm and friendly .
A flat earth was inconvenient to Papal authority in Galileo 's time . Now , what heresy is Gore committing with a scientifically based argument against contributing further to relentlessly destructive natural forces ?
A 96-minute political commercial supporting the deification of Al Gore .
Left-wing pop science gone mad .
Subtext is just as important as text in Al Gore 's cautionary tale of global warming and call to arms . Docu shows how personal tragedies -LRB- Gore almost losing his son -RRB- and crises can be channeled creatively toward relevant issues larger than oneself .
An excellent educational tool .
Al Gore brings his campaign to reverse global warming to the big screen in this vivid and vital activist movie .




@highlight

This candid , powerful and informative documentary illuminates some of the myths surrounding its dual subjects : global warming and Al Gore .