Expendables 3 almost feels like watching a high school reunion , only without the self-analysis and evaluation .
While an ensemble cast is indeed impressive , you might feel that so much more could have been done with the story in terms of excitement .
Other than the more kid-friendly format , the computer-generated special effects have been amped up to ludicrous science-fiction levels , perhaps to compensate for the lower adrenaline levels and less on-screen blood .
Is The Expendables 3 any good ? In its own way , I suppose . It 's occasionally quite fun , though the final action sequence is oppressively long and a bit monotonous .
The action pieces are huge and impressive but it 's all bang and no flash - that is , it 's about explosions rather than exposition . You wo n't learn anything about the nuances of acting or the futility of war , but you may get a headache .
Its most interesting lines are on the foreheads of its stars , more than ever imbuing the film with the kind of world weariness that ca n't be faked .
Can we all agree that three of these is enough ?
The Expendables 2 -LRB- 2012 -RRB- was somehow a marked improvement , with better action and more downtime between characters ... but it was less of a hit . And now THE EXPENDABLES 3 moves back in the wrong direction again .
The movie borrows so liberally from other action films that it starts to feel at times a bit like a BuzzFeed listicle .
And I 'm the guy who usually likes this kind of crap .
The Expendables 3 feels like the once badass dad trying to appease to the kids ; when he should have been beating the crap out of them for talking smack .
Keeping the story believable is ultimately of no consequence , because `` The Expendables 3 '' is just a steady diet of bullets and bombs . It 's a big blur . Only Gibson as Stonebanks is halfway amusing and we 've seen him do this role before in `` Machete Kills . ''
Ultimately , complacency overshadows creativity in the film , which seems to pander to mainstream expectations instead of taking risks .
After the two earlier movies were rated 18 and then 15 , many will decry the lack of blood in the new 12A , but the actors seem to be enjoying their pensioners ' paintball party complete with helicopter funships .
There are no surprises to be found here . The Expendables 3 is exactly what you 'd think it is-a disappointing mish-mash of a throwback , trading in on its star power , with its eye safely fixed on producing more sequels
An A-team of B-stars in a vanity project on steroids . The grand finale has all the air of the old boys ' club on a giant playground that 's just there to be shot up and fought in and tank-rolled over and bazooka-ed and blown up and ` copter-escaped from .
A particularly flavorless serving of flaccid beef jerky and brine-cured ham .
As the stars get younger and the action gets tamer , Expendables comes to resemble more and more of its direct-to-video kin , and worth about as much of your time .
... an almost hopelessly erratic entry in this seemingly unstoppable franchise .
Gibson is one of the lone bright spots , and I kind of hate that I 'm saying that .
The characters in the film are somewhat engaging , but the action scenes are almost as incomprehensible as the plot .
Tired franchise - filled with punishing car chases and repetitive gunfire .
The wild card is Gibson , who reminds us that he 's always magnetic onscreen , no matter what you might think of him as a human being .
As boring as watching glaciers recede .
It 's hopelessly strung out , stuck between the past and present with no idea how to successfully marry the two .
Striking a tone somewhere between the po-faced original and the silly Part 2 , this rampaging action nonsense is badly overcrowded and chaotic , but there 's plenty of comedy and whizzy stuntwork to keep the audience entertained .
The formula is officially stale .
Yes , it 's pretty much the same mixture as before , but slicker and more polished , and I enjoyed it more than I thought I would .
The third instalment , directed by young Australian filmmaker Patrick Hughes , is as creaky and rheumatic as some of its leads . What should be crazy , outlandish entertainment is instead banal and uninspiring .
Although I had fun , this franchise has overstayed its welcome .
I 'll still be the first in line for another installment , but I 'm hoping that `` The Expendables 3 '' can be like that weaker episode of `` The A-Team '' ... fun but let 's get it right next time .
If they 're expendable , why wo n't they die ?
Sylvester Stallone and his gang of gung-ho geriatrics are back with even more firepower and even more story than they had the last time around ... Aussie director Patrick Hughes does an exemplary job colouring within the lines . .
The Expendables 3 is more of a smooth remix , still delivering the predictable thrill , but much less finessed than Sly 's impeccably defined muscles .
Are n't there any more Planet Hollywoods for these guys to run into the ground ?
Despite the inclusion of some new faces , this series is running out of gas .
The Expendables franchise has never been as meta-textual as a series featuring every movie hard-arse on the planet ought to be .
The only one who comes out of the film looking good is Mel Gibson , who puts more sly menace into his villain than the part or the film deserves .
At this point , the Expendables have formed and reformed so many times they 're like the world 's most macho wife swap , the action version of Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice .
A wasted opportunity .
For a variety of reasons , most having to do with a weak screenplay and poor pacing , The Expendables 3 is the least successful entry in the series .
It 's an amiably aggressive shambles , just like its predecessors .
I think Patrick Hughes really comes up with the goods on this , as does Peter Menzies , who was cinematographer .
A lot of the time it 's difficult to work out who 'd doing what to whom . But , in the end , it does n't matter much .
The Expendables 3 offers its share of old-school action thrills and fun , yet it has the same problems as its predecessors - and then some .
The fun of The Expendables is that it makes you want to watch Rocky and Mad Max and Blade and Desperado all over again .
The plots have ground down to near nothingness , the wisecracks are n't wise or crack-y anymore , and the original stars mostly lumber around like middle-aged slabs of spa-toned beefcake .
A general-purpose Action Flick with a formulaic plot and no personality , one that just happens to star several famous actors .
Stallone is the square-jawed hero . Gibson is the square-jawed villain -- and that 's about as much story as we get .
Dear God , this joke is wearing particularly thin .
Comic-book protagonists have taken over the role of action hero for modern moviegoers ; as a result , there 's a core audience who want these odes to the tough guys of the recent past , no matter how uninspired they are .
The Expendables 3 delivers despite some narrative speed bumps , questionable acting from the rookies , and iffy visual effects .
The series did reignite a few careers and bring forth one decent popcorn movie -LRB- The Expendables 2 -RRB- . Rather than artificially extend its life , maybe the time has come to say Rest in Peace .
It 's all fun and brotherly love . Even the cheesy parts with Gibson , who finds one demonic note and runs with it , feel like a fraternity reunion with the brothers at Alpha Delta Viagra .
Thanks to some of the shoddiest henchmannery this side of Super Mario Brothers , Sly is able to escape and round up the old -LRB- figuratively and literally -RRB- team , plus a few new recruits .
Now , it 's 2014 , and the third iteration has arrived , working itself into such a lather in its attempt to resuscitate the momentum that one can practically smell the flop sweat .
The Expendables 3 starts and ends strong . The middle just ends up being too much of a senior moment .
Off to the side of the top-heavy bulk , these elements make up the real victory of Expendables 3 : the fun is in the weird .
To be clear , I think this new chapter in the series also has some weird issues , but it does indeed feel like each time they make one of these , they get closer to getting it right .
RAMBO meets THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN . More entertaining than expected . A guilty pleasure .
The kind of filmmaking that makes you imagine a Red Bull can in an Ed Hardy shirt being struck by lightning and ascending to the director 's chair .
What The Expendables 3 lacks is the kind of exuberant pizzazz which made these particular performers ripe for rediscovery in the first place .
The Expendables 3 , trading on our affection for action stars of the past , has officially worn out its already shaky welcome .
I wish I could write the script for an Expendables movie , so I could have characters with stupid names shout lines such as `` YOU 'VE GOT A TANK PROBLEM , PAL ! '' over the din of explosions .
Those first two movies look like Seven Samurai next to The Expendables 3 , a sad , bad , parade of uninspired cameos and listless violence .
Stallone gives the people what they want and does n't strive for anything more . That 's about as admirable as brainless action movies get and I 'm going to take it .
The film 's sporadic set pieces simply are n't captivating enough to forgive all the movie 's other faults .
The Expendables 3 is like a joke that 's been told too many times to still be funny .
As per a sentiment I 'll credit to Jurassic Park , amassing these guys all on screen asks the cinematic question `` could we ? '' , but never the follow up `` should we ? '' .
It 's a comic shift some hardcore action fans may not like , but , honestly , you probably should n't have been taking this stuff so seriously in the first place .
The third installment in Sylvester Stallone 's jobs program for expired action heroes is easily the best of the bunch , which is not to say it 's any good .
As dopey and bloodless as the action sequences are , they keep the film moving at a brisker pace than its 2-hour-plus running time indicates .
The third movie is more of the same , although it makes some wrongheaded alterations .
... big , dumb fun but , also , wince-inducing cheese .
Just blow stuff up !
The Expendables 3 is jaggedly constructed given the conflicting demands of its stars ' diaries , but it 's bookended with pile-driving action sequences either side of mystery gun battles .
Strip out the gags , the explosions and the posturing , and you see The Expendables 3 for what it really is : a bunch of knackered old men pandering to teenagers . Grim .
It could - it should - be appalling . Actually , as pure entertainment it 's a joy , and will be adored amid Heineken bottles and Papa John 's boxes for years to come .
There 's the usual winning mix of wisecracking banter , overblown war craft and mad combat skills with a take-no-prisoners attitude and jokey references to the action heroes ' pasts ...
Proof that sometimes even your low expectations can be far too high .
`` The Expendables '' series deserves a movie as muscular as its stars . For now , `` The Expendables 3 '' is n't it .
This Sylvester Stallone franchise has devolved into the clown car of action movies : a casting gimmick to see how many AARP actors you can cram into one vehicle .
Stallone 's B-movie action lark has stretched to 126 minutes -LRB- the `` Expandables '' -RRB- and worn out its welcome .
Pure guilty pleasure . All Expendables are interchangeable but if you like movies one and two , you 'll likely love this one .
The saggy-faced Stallone takes this old-school smaction franchise to new depths of inanity !!
I 'm almost positive the world does n't necessarily need a fourth ` Expendables ' film , but if Stallone wants to get the band back together for another that is as fun as this one , then there 's no reason to stop now .
Watching these people together on the screen in 2014 reminds you how cruel the passage of time can be and how far some have fallen since their 1980s glory days .
Comes across as a sad throwback in which the attempt to add some fresh blood is no more effective than a dose of Geritol .
Better in the second half but still way too long for a pic like this , ` The Expendables 3 ' has its moments , but it 's rocking chair time for this franchise . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
The overall tone of the film is jaunty , almost upbeat , the atmosphere that of an end-of-season trip with a lot of explosions .
This is slightly more of a disappointment than the previous instalments , largely because -LRB- Banderas aside -RRB- it never gives any of the cast anything to do .
It manages to deliver just what fans of old-style muscular action films will be after .
A film that once again serves as a vast parking lot for used yesteryear action stars .
Everything I said about the last two movies , plus some new additions from the AARP action heroes club , plus a couple of Expendable interns to bring down the median age a bit .
A few great nods to the audience and a buoyant performance by Antonio Banderas help enliven the action .
A kind of ho-hum experience , wherein a lot of bullets are expended and a lot of structures exploded to minimal dramatic effect .
... bigger , slicker and better directed than the earlier installments ... the opening rescue mission , obviously inspired by ` Runaway Train , ' brings out the mad demolition expert in us .
While many critics have noted how much it owes to '80s action films , Stallone has a deeper debt to movies like It 's a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World and Who Framed Roger Rabbit .
It 's all a bit like a classic-rock tribute concert , or playing with all your action figures at once , or maybe `` Cannonball Run , '' with the strained buddy-buddy back-and-forth .
Finally an ` Expendables ' that is n't so expendable
Sometimes there really is no substitute for age and experience .
The Expendables 3 , while far from an ironclad masterpiece , is probably as enjoyable as this genre can get .
With its third entry , the Sylvester Stallone-led Expendables franchise finally becomes the live-action Saturday morning cartoon it was always destined to be .
The tone grows ever more serious , even as the action grows ever more ludicrous .
aggressively mediocre
Sylvester Stallone 's B-movie formula is wearing thin .
Sadly , the most expendable thing about The Expendables 3 is the movie itself .
`` The Expendables 3 '' gets the franchise back on track .
So much star power packed together in one place has n't produced such a cheesy result since the recording of `` We Are the World . ''
A slightly breezier and dependably brainless installment of Stallone 's action franchise .
Banderas does some of his most charming work since his turn as the Nasonex Bee
It 's another helping of uber-violence and genial horseplay , an uneasy mix that has become The Expendables ' stock in trade ...
Why are n't the Expendables movies being released directly to gyms ?
What the movie ultimately demonstrates is that the sum total is less than the individual parts when you add together Rocky , the Terminator , Indiana Jones , Mad Max , Blade , Zorro , Hercules , and the Transporter .
The Expendables 3 does n't pretend it 's anything other than a vector for action sequences and banter between beefy guys ... But it also tries to change the formula enough to make viewers be mildly disappointed that they tried at all .
`` The Expendables 3 '' lets down its cast with a film that 's about as thrilling as the arrival of a monthly Social Security check .
Sylvester Stallone gets the band back together in `` The Expendables 3 '' and even tries to play a new tune . To little avail , alas .
Action packs a mean punch in Expendables 3 , but the franchise is running on fumes .
This is what an earthbound Guardians of the Galaxy would be like if every character was Groot , the tree guy .
Plot exposition is delivered by Stallone over random detonations . My kingdom for an ear trumpet ?
It 's amusing and exciting , even when it 's stupid . If you enjoyed Barney and the crew 's previous theme park stunt show , there 's little reason to worry about the quality of their latest assignment .
Why should we care whether Sly or Mel wins ? There 's no good guy . There 's no bad guy . There 's just Mel and Sly , and they just disagree .
If you 've seen the first two `` Expendables , '' you know exactly what you 'll be getting with the third : a testosterone burger , heavy on the ketchup with a hefty helping of hot lead on the side .
The Expendables 3 is easily the worst of a series that was never particularly good in the first place .
It 's a bit like watching old friends drunkenly mud wrestle : it 's good to see them , but not like this .
Bloated at 126 minutes , its long-windedness a letdown for a franchise that has yet to capture a confident , clip tone and rhythm . The further it goes , the more it falls victim to this lugubriousness .
It 's still fun , Wipes is still funny , the new castmembers largely work and it 's still schlocky action with undercooked plots , but the franchise is edging ever closer to retirement .
The latest in the continuing saga of Sylvester Stallone 's mission to provide a work week or two to as many of his old pals as possible .
After three movies , The Expendables has collectively mustered less than a handful good setpieces , and ... The Expendables 3 , might contain the series ' worst action to date .
The Expendables 3 is as boneheaded and disposable as it sounds .
This is the explosive old school flick we have been waiting for all this time .
Then again , any film that has Terry Crews take a knee at the 20-minute mark ca n't be too likeable .
Most of us have probably seen episodes of `` Antiques Roadshow '' more exciting than this PG-13-rated , interminably boring `` action '' fiasco .
Banderas steals it . But at this stage , that only amounts to petty theft .
It took two movies , but The Expendables films finally learned their lesson - be dumb but be FUN .
Sylvester Stallone is n't ready to throw in the towel on his geriatric action franchise just yet .
A repetitive , obsessively morbid focus talking about death and dying does n't lighten the mood .
These are guys for whom failure is not an option , but sadly nor is going more than an hour without needing the toilet .
The Expendables 3 runs entirely on this action supergroup 's infectious energy , because without the likes of Gibson and Arnie , the hollow core of Stallone 's story would be a lot harder to swallow .
For fans of the series , and of the action genre in general , the big , bustling , wildly entertaining The Expendables 3 hits all the right notes ... and it hits them very hard .
It is perhaps my mistake that I still walk into an Expendables picture expecting either a film of real quality or a top-notch action picture .
There 's just no point in even bothering . In the vast conspiracy of stupidity that has overtaken pop culture , the disparagement of this movie by a film critic becomes an endorsement of a sad , twisted sort .
For all the brawn on display , the film never slows down to take in the thrill and talent of hand-to-hand combat .
The Expendables 3 suffers from a desire to play safe ; from its lazy formula to its watered-down violence and largely consequence-free peril , and as a result never rises above the level of expendable viewing itself .
Aside from pandering to actor hobbies , The Expendables 3 offers basic plotting , clunky banter and valuable insights into how cosmetic surgery can go badly awry . Admittedly , it also delivers some B-movie pleasures in the form of noisy action sequences ...
The Expendables 3 has its cake and shoots it : armed to the nipples with vast action and bulging A-listers , but over-over-blown and overcrowded . See it for Gibson 's big-bad .
Thank goodness for Mel Gibson , who injects life in the third film of the Expendables franchise , which otherwise is a tired , turgid affair
So aggressively old school in every way that it 's actually rather charming .
Not just an awful sequel , but an awful action movie , period .
The combined might of Hollywood 's greatest action heroes ca n't survive against Sylvester Stallone 's inflated ego .
Are there legions of middle-aged weightlifting nuts out there who yearn for the good old days of Chuck Norris mowing down foreign Johnnies with an uzi 9 mm ?
More sure-footed than Expendables 1 and 2 , and considerably more pumped up - it pauses for neither breath nor a change of colostomy bag . Dumb fun .
If it was n't for a nostalgic affection for the cast and their previous endeavours , The Expendables 3 would be borderline unreleasable .
While there is perhaps too much repetition and exposition it is a film that resolutely delivers exactly what its hard-core fan-base is after .
Both Stallone as creator/screenwriter and the filmmakers he brings on each time have learned how to tell a large ensemble story . All the fun stuff is still there but it 's even stronger .
The law of diminishing returns is inexorably setting in with the third iteration .
Once you take the grizzled seniors out of the picture and replace them with the United Commandos of Benetton , The Expendables 3 loses the one thing that makes it special .
You need `` The Expendables 3 '' like you need a kick in the crotch , and while this running-on-fumes sequel may not be quite as painful a thing to experience , it will waste considerably more of your time .
This film knows what it wants , and gets it by the shortest possible route . It may be boneheaded ; ridiculous it is n't .
They are enjoyable moments in a film that entertains for much of its run-time , and it 's still a blast watching these '80s icons get together to blow stuff up onscreen .
The film has been fixed - and , in the process , broken .
There is only so long this concept can last - which , in truth , is around 20 minutes , never mind three bloody movies !

@highlight

Like its predecessors , Expendables 3 offers a modicum of all-star thrills for old-school action thriller aficionados -- but given all the talent assembled , it should have been a lot more fun .