Unlike the first film , in which audience members fainted and threw up , the showdown between good and evil prompted more laughter amongst the audience than terror .
An utter violation of anything that ever made The Exorcist memorable ... just gaudy effects and things jumping out to say `` boo ! ''
Brutal . Not for kids .
Contrived , cliché , murky , muddled , and an utterly gory mess ...
More than 30 years after the original hit screens , along comes the very best of the sequels .
Most of the movie feels nothing like an Exorcist film .
The serious Catholic themes that made the original film genuinely disturbing have been flattened out into a cartoonish backstory pitting Merrin against Nazi storm troopers .
This is not horror . It 's sadism .
Flawed , but still good .
Some things are better left mysterious , and some movies better left unmade .
Reams of tedious exposition finally give way to a random jumble of horror movie clichés , rising to a shrill pitch of hysteria that is never remotely frightening .
It is n't quite hell , but clambering to the end of this dusty remnant of an idea is certainly purgatory .
Harlin can stage an action sequence that will make you pee your pants , but conversation is a mystery to him .
One would think studios would shy away from this dead horse ; I guess the power of crap compels them .
What is rather horrifying is how this would-be thriller manages the bizarre feat of being simultaneously dull and completely ridiculous .
It does n't disappoint .
Exorcist : The Beginning makes the mistake of confusing loud noises , grotesque images , obscene violence , and buckets of blood for frights .
Harlin 's hamfisted horror-show offers an hour and a half of tooth-grinding boredom followed by 20 minutes of all-singing , all-dancing , knees-up stupidity .
The prequel to William Friedkin popular shock opera emphasizes unpleasantness over scares and coherence .
A botch job of mistimed scare scenes , bland characters and computer-generated hyenas .
Laughably poor prequel that is dumb , nonsensical and not remotely scary -- however , it remains watchable thanks to Stellan Skarsgard .
carves out its own niche by combining the Christian horror of the original with the cruelties and crassness of colonialism .
Pena que , em vez de merecer seu próprio capítulo nos livros de História do Cinema , tenha se revelado digno apenas de uma nota de rodapé .
Harlin amps up the sound effects and gore in an attempt to disguise the absence of any genuine scares .
-LSB- Harlin 's -RSB- skill has never been proven and here , with effects that make the original look state-of-the-art , we see a film that is trapped in empty suspense and faulty terror .
... an interesting little piece of entertainment : stylized , ambitious , and filled with scenes in which the element of creepiness seems genuine rather than synthetic .
... atrocious ...
The hellishly long buildup works , but the payoff is predictable , pitting Merrin against a contortionist white devil in a blue dress .
Stellan Skarsgard deserves another movie . This cruel , nasty , ugly prequel deserves to be exorcised right off the marquee .
This Exorcist prequel is more or less what used to be called a B-movie . Even B-movies , however , had to please audiences on some level .
Never underestimate the box-office appeal of a boring horror film .
A lot of noisy tomfoolery that never coalesces into a solid horror yarn , lacking even the beloved pea soup 'n' rotating noggins that made us quake way back when .
Working Nazis into the satanic brew certainly ups the evil ante , but it does n't help make Exorcist : The Beginning a worthwhile movie .
Although Old Scratch is n't strong enough to fight off the Baltimore Catechism for very long , the scares are good enough .
Three directors , two distinctly different versions of the same film , multiple actors in the same roles , at least six writers -LRB- most unaccredited -RRB- , the story behind Exorcist : The Beginning is almost more interesting then the movie itself .
The priest grabs a rifle and blasts away : Father Merrin , action hero .
Boring as hell .
Warner 's late-game recruiting of a vulgarian like Renny Harlin to tack on some barf-bag moments is simply an insult to fans of the original .
Blood , flies , maggots , ravenous hyenas , power failures , grave-digging and much ineffectual voodoo ensue .
Exceedingly lame production has few frights and not much story either .
Not unlike Exorcist II . It 's a huge mess with passages of great beauty , juxtaposed with a few truly scary moments and a bunch of hokum and stupidity .
Yet another film where a loyal black man dies to save his `` master , '' a Hollywood trend that 's downright sickening .
... yes , it is as bad as you 've heard .
I would think that John Boorman , director of Exorcist II : The Heretic , is now officially off the hook . This is n't entertainment ; it 's assault and battery .
The Beginning tries to be three films in one , but winds up lacking coherence or any identity of its own . However , it is n't horrible when taken as a simple horror flick .
It 's not that they did n't try to make a good film . They just did n't try to finish a good film .
... a soul-deadening , feature-length hodgepodge of clichéd horror reveals and unstylish gore-for-the-sake-of-gore , sewn together with loose threads of dull exposition .
A horror movie that starts off decently but quickly falls victim to cliché .
It 's ironic that the producers enlisted Harlin specifically to up the movie 's fright quotient , because the finished product contains zero scares . Laughs , on the other hand , are abundant .
a $ 54 million sensationalistic hack job that is heavy on gore and cheap shocks and almost completely devoid of any sense of genuine human , social , or religious insight
Schrader 's vision still comes through , despite Harlin 's excessive and posturing blood-letting .
As shocking as an Dokken album cover and , finally , as pious as The Passion of the Christ .
Harlin 's film does n't even work on the level of entertaining schlock like Peter Hyams ' devil thriller End of Days .
... A movie that unfolds with all the urgency of a History Channel production .
Maybe Schrader 's more subdued take was really the only way to approach this story . Hopefully one day we can all see the difference .
By the time we get to the real exorcising , it 's too late . We 're bored with , and as , hell .
Not good to be sure , but hardly the unwatchable black hole of Suck we had been led to anticipate .
... I had goose-bumps on my goose-bumps clear to the top of my head ...
This one wo n't make your head swivel .
Never feels like anything other than generic , brain-dead , Dolby-jolt , multiplex hackwork -- I kept expecting Skarsgard 's habitually catacomb-prowling Merrin to bump flashlights with Lara Croft .
` If you ca n't scare 'em , repulse 'em ' would appear to be the motto of Exorcist : The Beginning .
It rates fairly high on both the Scare-O-Meter and Gross-Out Scale , with an early hyena attack guaranteed to have you flinching in terror .
By the time the three or four false endings are finished and the credits roll , moviegoers will be left wondering whether Schrader 's version will be released on DVD .
Let 's hope Exorcist : The Beginning marks the end of a franchise that never should have gone beyond the 1973 original
Plenty violent . And bloody . And gory . What it is n't -- not really -- is scary .
Although Harlin has n't directed a full-out horror movie since 1988 's A Nightmare on Elm Street IV , he seems to have spent most of the time since memorizing them .
It 's not despicable . It is merely boring .
Trips over itself in a rush to get gross and then lingers too long on pustules , gaping wounds and maggots .
A perfectly mediocre horror film .
The pacing is slack , and the increased level of blood and guts seems like a desperate move . And most of the special effects -LRB- especially the CGI work -RRB- are really shoddy .
If you 're looking for groundbreaking badness , you need n't look much further than the new Exorcist prequel , which is one interminably grisly waste .
Despite a high body count , shock cuts and loud noises , this prequel to William Friedkin 's 1973 horror film fails to deliver any palpable shivers .
The film focuses too much on gore and weird special effects .
Ignoring the essentially inward story of The Exorcist , -LSB- Harlin -RSB- has created a sprawling anything-for-a-jolt movie , more in the spirit of a midnight teen-scream flick than a portrayal of a dark night of the soul .
Suitable only for teenagers on a first date or Mel Gibson Catholics .
the special effects work on the film is so mediocre that the audience actually laughed at one moment that was intended to be terrifying . Demonic butterflies ? Please .
Stellan Skarsgard 's haunting portrayal of a man struggling with his faith overshadows the special effects and horror aspects of this ` Exorcist ' prequel .
What would possess a filmmaker to create another `` Exocist '' movie ?
Nothing seems believable and the scares never come .
Harlin 's hackwork screams volumes of a falsely moody and generic scarefest ... an inexplicable tease for true horror hedonists
It manages a trifecta of pain : It 's dull , it 's grim , it 's stupid . How 's that for a recommendation ?
Maybe the long-troubled , twiced-filmed prequel should be called Exorcist : The Boring .
A great waste of time , talent and resources
Impressive on a number of levels and awful on precious few .
Director Paul Schrader delivered a movie that the studio did n't like . Now Renny Harlin makes one that nobody likes .
Jesus , Mary and Joseph -- could they have made a worse movie out of Exorcist : The Beginning ?
An all out gore fest that would make Mel Gibson blush .
This one is all hokum and not willing to dig deeper than into the familiar demonic bag of horror movie tricks .
an example of the studio getting exactly what they ask for and the final product suffering because of it
The Beginning surpasses both sequels , yet it still feels like a potboiler that regurgitates reliable jolts as if it were sticking to its own rites .
The original Exorcist verged on being demonic child porn . This Beginning simply feels as if it has no end .
This is the kind of film that mysteriously vanishes from most participants ' resumes .
If this violent , tedious and gore-splattered prequel to the horror classic is any indication , the devil has officially become boring .
This movie is no Exorcist , but it 's no Alien vs. Predator either .
Nothing in the movie is noteworthy , except for maybe its offensive treatment of children .
In broad strokes Exorcist : The Beginning is a compelling story -- but the devil 's in the details .
The best thing that can be said for it is that everybody got paid handsomely for killing off a franchise .
Interesting but not compelling , spooky but not scary ... succeeds only in surpassing the first unnecessary sequel .
The scariest thing here is the editing , which is - bar none - the worst I have ever seen in a mainstream Hollywood movie .
This annoyingly disjointed shocker stumbles badly after promising early scenes , and quickly devolves into a chaotic blur of underdeveloped characters , illogical transitions and standard-issue scary-movie tropes .
Pokey , blood-spattered , cheap-scare - larded prequel .
What begins as a reasonably watchable if shamelessly derivative occult thriller gets progressively sillier as schlockmeister director Renny Harlin piles on the cheap scares and red herrings .
The acting is serviceable at best , the direction unfocused -- and the special effects and makeup cheesy-looking .
Mr. Harlin 's helming is uninspired enough to remind you that he 's the fellow responsible for such tankers as Cutthroat Island and Driven .
The battle here is not between Father Merrin and the Devil . It 's between those who 'd make a scary film about a priest wrestling with his faith and those who 'd prefer an artificially adrenalized satanic smackdown .
When it was first released , The Exorcist caused nausea , fainting and heart attacks ; by comparison , The Beginning elicited waves of giggles and guffaws from a preview screening audience .
Harlin keeps it creepy , atmospheric , and disturbing for the first half , but when it progresses past the halfway point silliness ensues .
Saying Harlin succeeded in making it less cerebral might make the studio happy , but audiences are likely to still be bored beyond belief .
could rival Exorcist II : The Heretic as the most ridiculous and boring horror movie ever made
shocks are few and the terror is more ooky than chilling , which will terrify -LSB- only -RSB- those members of the audience suffering an obsessive-compulsive neat freakness
The film 's pace is slow and deliberate , probably in an attempt to try to build mood and suspense , but all it manages to build is excruciating boredom .
This may be called The Beginning , but it probably spells the end of the franchise . There are a few good jolts , but it 's more creepy than scary .
Simultaneously boring and overwrought -LRB- especially in the laugh-inducing climax -RRB- ... fails as a sequel , as a metaphysical exercise and even as a cheesy exploitation item .
... it does n't have anything interesting to say ...
Wandering into the territory of cinema as audience punishment .
A snorefest interrupted briefly by a only a few semi-decent moments .
The prequel ... just goes to show , once again , that The Exorcist was a one-of-a-kind film . But you know how it goes : the power of cash compels them .
A plodding mess of a movie , with very few frights , and those that are there are all timeworn clichés .
This is what happens when an entire movie is created via reshoot .
A sincere -- and sincerely problematic -- film that may have been shot twice , but deserved a third try to get things right .
you 'd think evil would have multiple game plans , kinda like Joe Gibbs or Bill Parcells . Instead , Hawley and Harlin just want to reenact their favorite scenes from the original
There 's been a tremendous struggle to bring Exorcist : The Beginning to theaters , and having seen the end result , it 's hardly been worth it .
A grimly goofy , tediously bloody , dismally un-scary trashing of Friedkin 's original that fits comfortably with the myriad other ` supernatural ' disasters of recent years .
I was mildly surprised when it did n't stink up the joint . In that regard , you can call it the Queen of the Damned 2004 .
It never approaches the stratospheric badness of Exorcist II : The Heretic , but this lemon does its damndest to heap more dirt on the franchise 's grave .








@highlight

A mediocre , gory horror film , nowhere near the quality of the 1973 original .