Bottom line : The party 's over . There 's no such thing as a free lunch . America itself may be a bubble .
If more people had watched this film , they might still have their houses .
Well made , informative and genuinely terrifying documentary , in which the use of humour ca n't quite diminish the spectre of doom and gloom .
Think of this important documentary as Economics 101 , a primer on how America and Americans spend , and what hardships the future holds for us unless we change the pattern and our habits quickly .
For a film starring the national debt , this is a good one . The expected tedious numerical research is accompanied by excellent graphics and archival footage that bring it alive . Is anyone listening ?
Practically begs audiences to declaim it essential viewing , rather than quietly convincing us
Fending off the global repo man
I.O.U.S.A manages to keep this dense , dry information dynamic enough to be interesting and terrifying enough to be important .
If you believe the terrifying documentary I.O.U.S.A. , America is headed for a financial crisis of monumental proportions - and apparently , we are probably too late to keep it from happening .
Its aim is to raise awareness of an impending financial disaster if America continues acting fiscally and morally irresponsible .
-LSB- A -RSB- timely documentary ... There is a sense of urgency that propels Creadon 's cautionary narrative as an alarming wake-up call to financial discipline .
Creadon avoids turning his film into a partisan slugfest , instead opting to focus on how our country as a whole must come together .
This solid doc reminds us how unsustainable the current American economy is .
A film with an urgent message that uses the medium to its advantage .
Unexpectedly entertaining , given that it 's about dodgy accounting on an epic scale , the film predicts an economic cold shower that is about to douse America 's prospects , thanks to its ever-expanding national debt .
This movie is a scary , exhilarating blast of atheist common sense .
Patrick Creadon 's film is a lucid history lesson in the failures of successive Republican presidents to put a stopper in the country 's leaking fiscal hole .
Chastening , compelling .
Not something your average cinemagoer wants to see but important information nonetheless . Let 's hope Obama is watching .
It makes a very good effort at trying to cover this enormous , important , complex issue of the national debt in less than an hour and a half .
Although the movie is unabashedly alarming , it 's also intelligent fun .
as essential viewing as any common sense advice you 've received from parents/grandparents about living within your means
An informative and frightening documentary about America 's inability to pay as it goes and the looming consequences of this shortsightedness .
A movie that should be seen by everyone .
You will not likely forget the Jeremiad it presents about how the United States has been living on borrowed money -- and borrowed time -- for decades and now is presenting the bill for our extravagance to our grandchildren .
This documentary manages to do something damn near impossible : make the subject of the U.S. national debt understandable and , moreover , render it interesting and urgent .
I.O.U.S.A. manages to explain how and why the United States got into this kind of fiscal fiasco and make it entertaining -- no mean feat .
I.O.U.S.A. is a clear , cogent and compelling primer on contemporary American economics and the not-so-small matter of how we ended up at the edge of a precipice .
A documentary about the U.S. addiction to debt , I.O.U.S.A. could have easily taken the title of another movie released this week , What Just Happened ?
It 's like Michael Moore decided to tackle the national debt , but finally kept himself and his personal agenda out of the way .
If this week 's headlines have failed to convince you that the United States is on the verge of an economic meltdown , Patrick Creadon 's scary new documentary , I.O.U.S.A. , will demolish any lingering doubts .
Loaded with graphs , facts and statistics , it is too weighty a lesson in economics to be digested in 90 minutes .
In I.O.U.S.A. explains in clear and compelling terms fiscal problems that have been in motion for decades .
It 's possible that filmmaker Patrick Creadon 's greatest accomplishment in his new film , I.O.U.S.A. , is turning U.S. fiscal policy into a funny piece of entertainment .
The message is fine , but the movie is not .
A sharp , absorbing portrait of our national debt crisis .
Scarier than a movie with Freddy Krueger .
this movie makes a devastating case for the consequence of our current `` rob Peter to pay Paul '' budgetary shell game .
A solid informational piece on a fiscal reality than can really be called a national emergency .
Though the filmmaking is playful at times , the film is essentially 90 percent message , 10 percent movie . Then again , sometimes a message is important enough to make other considerations seem irrelevant .
Future generations may regard I.O.U.S.A. as the most important film of 2008 . Not the best . Not the most entertaining . Just the most important .
Packed with facts , figures and the testimony of policy experts , the film is no wallow in wonkiness , but a surprisingly sprightly tough-love lesson in fiscal responsibility .
Documentarian Patrick Creadon does a nice job of making the daunting math and economic theories associated with our national debt accessible .
Any documentary about the alarming level of our national debt faces a major hurdle -- making the dismal subject at least somewhat palatable . I.O.U.S.A. does about as good a job as any film could be expected to , thanks to the direction of Patrick Creadon .
A clear-headed and comprehensible picture of American fiscal policy , but one that 's not in the least boring .
Sage audiences already concerned about their cash money will budget a few bucks to learn more .
Yet another documentary that everyone should see but most will not .
Here 's the bottom line , kids . The United States is probably going to go broke during your lifetimes .
The buck stops here in this sobering but disarmingly irreverent look at the national debt .
There 's no quick fix for a culture ` addicted to debt , ' as one wag puts it in the film . But watching I.O.U.S.A. is a good place to start .
The movie clearly wants to scare the crap out of viewers , and it actually achieves that goal better than most horror movies have lately .
Forceful and lucid .
This is less a film than an argument -- so much so that it 's hard to imagine many film critics , or audiences , without some knowledge of economic history being able to respond to it in any way except with sheer terror .
For a topic as inherently boring as economics , -LSB- director Patrick -RSB- Creadon has managed a creditable job of keeping our attention throughout I.O.U.S.A.
It 's too bad Creadon breezes through potential solutions to the problem and ends his film with what basically amounts to a Rock the Vote ad .
Is to the country 's troubled economy what An Inconvenient Truth was to global warming ... it 's extremely effective at getting its message across .
Devalued-dollar documentary drives home the point that a country which consumes more than it produces is unsustainable .
Both a handy election primer and a bowel-rattling cry of fiscal doom .
Creadon 's managed to turn dry material into engaging cinema before with the nerderiffic Wordplay , and though I.O.U.S.A. lacks that film 's narrative tension -- this time , we know who loses -- it still sugars its medicine .
An alternately amusing and alarming primer on America 's off-the-charts fiscal irresponsibility .






@highlight

A potent and lithely constructed documentary about America 's financial crisis , I.O.U.S.A grabs you with figures but holds you with irreverent wit .