Poor Keanu Reeves . Imagine taking the role of an emotionless extra terrestrial , and having people applaud such ingenious casting .
The Day The Earth Stood Still is a missed opportunity for sure - you 'll leave the cinema not enlightened or entertained , but wondering just how mankind 's last stand could wind up being so fatally underwhelming .
The world does n't actually stand still . The corners of Keanu Reeves ' mouth , his eyebrows and most of his other facial features , however , remain motionless for almost two hours .
As a flashy big-budget distraction , Stood Still is adequate overall -- rarely above , occasionally below -- and often familiar in its spectacle .
Robert Wise 's original is well served by 20th Century Fox 's popcorny but respectful update , a sturdy , entertaining sci-fi actioner .
Now we know what happens when the Earth slows below 55 mph and stands still .
An entirely unnecessary and unremarkable remake .
Those next to me in the cinema staring blankly at the screen gave a remarkably similar performance to that of Reeves without even being aware of it .
About 20 minutes in The Day the Earth Stood Still -- well , the movie stood still and never moved .
It 's just like us to be arrogant enough to believe , like Marvell 's coy mistress , that our cherry is the ripest for busting of the lot .
The movie has the air of missed opportunity about it - but as reimaginings go , it 's no global disaster .
It 's all just two hours of pure monotony with CGI not even up to par in what should be considered a remake featuring state of the art effects .
More of a mess than the pleasant surprise one might have hoped . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
The sort of movie that will do a perfectly acceptable job of filling an evening that otherwise might be empty -LRB- or , God forbid % u2013 one that cries out for reading a good book -RRB- .
Sincere attempt ... to make a poignant blockbuster that will satisfy an audience used to the very different creative prerogatives that surge through Hollywood today .
It 's never explained what formulated the inter-galactic environmental police in the first place . But , then , in Sci-fi , there are certain places you just ca n't go .
Has a simplistic environmental concern , presented with sensationalist sensibilities and , perhaps worse , given an even more simplistic resolution .
The perfect example of not only how NOT to remake a classic , but the perfect example of why classics should n't be remade in the first place . Clunky , cumbersome and completely crappy .
A highly entertaining and gripping sci-fi thriller with brains .
Reeves surpreende ao funcionar muito bem como substituto de Rennie , mas o frágil roteiro , os efeitos visuais apenas adequados e todas as cenas envolvendo Jaden Smith comprometem bastante o resultado final .
me psifiaka efe poy moiazoyn retalia tainion poy emoiazan na eihan gyristei me retalia eks arhis , den hreiazetai tin patina toy hronoy gia na ginei shedon toso geloio oso to prototypo stin apeikonisi toy foytoyrismoy toy
Un film vide , inconcluant et profondément inutile dont les bases cèdent rapidement sous le poids de leur propre insignifiance .
... an ideal example of what a contemporary remake should look like ...
Derrickson and his team take a much-loved sci-fi classic and , even if they ca n't improve on the original , at least rework it in intriguing ways .
Does n't really justify its existence outside the most crass commercial reasoning .
In an awkward semi-retro remake of the 1951 sci-fi B-movie classic , director Scott Derrickson confirms the law of diminishing returns for remakes .
It 's time for the apocalypse ... KEANU STYLE !!!
Another reason to see the original . In this disappointing remake , it 's time that stands still .
What , in 1951 , was a scary Cold War-era warning about the misuse of atomic energy has now become a vague and infantile pro-green special-effects showcase -LRB- even the CGI is unimaginative and looks like a swirly , soft-focus nightmare -RRB- with one entire suspens
A serviceable remake with the B-movie roots still showing proudly in the clunky dialogue , though lacking some of the original 's eerie power .
The special effects are spectacular enough here , and there are a few droll lines , but the net result is almost instantly forgettable .
Instead of the 1950s mindset % u2013 postwar , cold war , fear of aliens % u2013 it 's been resettled into the mindset of today % u2013 man 's inhumanity to the planet ... It was a great little B movie then , and it 's an ugly big B movie now
This feels less like a remake of that '50s gem than a companion piece to the Oscar-winning documentary An Inconvenient Truth . The difference is that Al Gore was a lot more fun to watch than Keanu Reeves .
-LSB- The 1951 classic -RSB- gets bulked up and dumbed down in a modern remake that repositions the alien Klaatu as a wrathful God rather than a peace-loving one .
The best news about the new The Day the Earth Stood Still is that it will quickly fade to obscurity while the timeless original lives on .
Even Gort -- the coolest robot in science-fiction cinema -- has been reimagined as a cartoonish CG colossus who ironically resembles the Oscar statuette that otherwise will remain a universe away from this hammy misfire .
A great looking film undone by a narrative that fails to add up .
The Day the Earth Stood Still falls flat due to the underused and boring computer graphics and ultra dumb and uninteresting characters .
Just as much a remake of Ed Wood 's Plan 9 from Outer Space . Which is an even more appropriate comparison when we observe that this film and Plan 9 , unlike the original , are both awful .
We left the theatre feeling that we had spent a satisfying evening at the movies , but in retrospect I wish the screenwriters had tweaked the story 's sophistication as much as they did the technical effects .
This film is a perfect illustration of how to screw-up a remake despite having a perfect example in front of you .
Wise 's original was an alarming cautionary tale , full of menace and stern warnings . The remake , as befits our times , coddles the audience , assuring us all this bad stuff will eventually work itself out . And hey , let 's all go to McDonald 's !
Ye gods , does this thing stink on ice . It redefines dull mediocrity at its most expensive .
Caught between the need to bring the material up to date and the pressure to recycle familiar elements from the original , even when they do n't seem to fit .
It seemed the movie stood still stretching two hours into four and beyond
As a passable time-waster for hardcore sci-fi fans , the remake is certainly watchable enough . But then again ... most hardcore sci-fi fans will probably have the same problems I had with the movie .
Despite a great build-up and a solid performance from Connelly , this is another tired attempt to update a classic . Do yourself a favor and rent the original instead .
The special effects in 1951 were hokey fun . Here , in the first half of the movie anyway , they are hokey but they are n't fun .
The remake of that fine old fifties alien-invasion picture The Day the Earth Stood Still comes to a standstill about an hour before the Earth does in the wilds of New Jersey .
What a ridiculous movie .
Sci-fi fans of the first ` The Day the Earth Stood Still ' will probably experience more than a moment 's worth of discomfort , but this remake is not horrible .
Oh , Michael Rennie , thank goodness you 're still available on DVD .
This answers the age-old question , how bad can a movie be ?
The movie 's emphasis on brawn over brain might not be so off-putting if the action sequences provided Iron Man-level whiz bang wow , but all of the big set-pieces are marred by confusing choreography and low-grade digital effects .
It does n't seem right that a film with a story line about ecological disaster would be a piece of cinematic garbage .
There was nothing wrong with the original that warranted a re-do -- other than pursuit of legal tender .
If you want to see all the cool special effects in this remake , watch the trailer . If you want the extreme environmentalist agenda that goes with them , buy a ticket .
A boldly mediocre remake of the 1951 sci-fi saucer-man movie .
One can only hope that in the future -LSB- Reeves -RSB- will devote himself to playing androids , less-self-aware species of undead , stylish pieces of contemporary furniture , and other roles that do not require the exhibition of any recognizably human traits .
... Reeve is very straight forward and unemotional , more like the `` robot Ted '' from `` Bill and Ted 's Bogus Journey '' then a highly sophisticated `` visitor . ''
t 's really true to the tone of the 1951 original , that two people running around talking about philosophical concepts with a stranger . They are doing the talky drama .
You 'll be doing yourself a huge favor if you go into this movie with lowered expectations .
I 'll give it credit for being at least moderately entertaining , with a handful of effective moments of adventure and suspense . At the same time , it 's really quite a shame that the film wimped out on driving the message home .
Keanu Reeves plays an alien who does n't talk much and shows no emotion . I really think he has found his perfect role .
-LSB- It -RSB- is passable , -LSB- but -RSB- it is not great science fiction . It will feed your sense of wonder but it has so many plot holes it leaves you wishing it were better .
Derrickson makes his points with blunt force trauma alone .
An inconvenient spoof .
You could almost swear the Obama campaign had some sort of hand in making the remake of The Day the Earth Stood Still .
Scott Derrickson 's remake ... provides the best evidence I 've seen lately that money ca n't buy class . It also ca n't guarantee an effective movie , let alone a meaningful one .
The rumbling sound you hear that shakes the theaters playing The Day the Earth Stood Still is n't an awesome sound system . It 's everyone involved with the original turning over in their grave .
Solemn , sober and efficient , The Day the Earth Stood Still gets the job done and moves on .
Where the original film was unpretentious , this version , with Keanu Reeves as Klaatu , is insufferably full of itself , an X-Files episode pumped up to pseudo-cosmic proportions .
` Klaatu barada crappo ' ... turns an intelligent and thoughtful film into what might be called a boys ' adventure yarn if that were n't an insult to both boys and yarn .
A good portion of this sci-fi disaster movie is unintentionally comical . And the parts that are n't funny are just plain dull .
Far superior to the silly robot in a silver jumper B&W original .
The only awe this movie inspires is realizing how well the original stands up , and how little we puny Earthlings have learned in the past 57 years .
... must be the worst major release in what may be the most disastrous year in recent Hollywood history .
Admittedly , the imminent destruction of Earth is not a barrel of laughs , but where Independence Day had a sense of humor , The Day the Earth Stood Still seems to have taken a vow not to crack a smile until species stop vanishing and lakes stop drying up .
It 's a decent enough stab at being what the old movie was to its time , following the same basic plot , full of respectful references to its model , updated with a gallery of fairly imaginative special effects .
This was supposed to be the winter season 's big special effects picture . So why does it make Al Gore 's PowerPoint presentation look like Spider-Man 2 by comparison ?
Who goes to a sci-fi film to be reminded about conservation ? I get enough of that from my recycling bin , which , by the way , is far more visually exciting than The Day the Earth Stood Still , as well as more pleasing to the ear .
Remaking a movie is easy . Engineering a good remake is difficult . One key quality that separates the two is inspiration , and that 's a characteristic not to be found in 2008 's The Day the Earth Stood Still .
Overall , this rehash , from the unheralded team of screenwriter David Scarpa and director Scott Derrickson , is better than expected , updating and revising its inspiration in often interesting ways .
The Day the Earth Stood Still may bill itself as science fiction . But it understands neither .
Unless you 've seen Robert Wise 's original semi-documentary The Day the Earth Stood Still -LRB- 1951 -RRB- , you 'd never suspect the utterly generic remake was based on a seminal sci-fi classic .
The stone-faced silliness in this new TDTESS at first seems like an homage to old-fashioned '50s watch-the-skies movies , until it becomes clear it 's just newfangled bad filmmaking .
Unfortunately , it 's the demise of even passable screen storytelling , rather than the earth itself , to which audiences will be treated in this dreadful remake .
Keanu Reeves was clearly born to play Klaatu , the alien from another planet who visits Earth with a dire warning . The actor 's blank facial expressions ensure he 's a believable ET , and make this Scott Derrickson remake of the 1951 sci-fi classic a worthy r
The most important themes are deeply spiritual as well , stewardship , respect for the interdependence of all things , and hope .
Neither offensively bad nor particularly good , The Day the Earth Stood Still may be best remembered for the clumsiness of its intrusive product placement .
Even if you know the original by heart , the new Earth has a couple of surprises in store , although the message remains the same : Watch it , Man .
This Day has a big special effects budget but has little sense and even less soul .
Is it supposed to be an intense , character-driven tale set against an alien invasion , a la Signs ? Or an effects-blowout such as Independence Day ? The filmmakers never reconcile between the two .
Arguably the worst reconstitution of a '50s sci-fi classic since the ghastly Godzilla remake , The Day the Earth Stood Still is a stunningly misconceived folly that is bearable only for as long as it remains a fair-to-middling chase movie .
Despite all the fog machines and giant glowing spheres and TV actors excited to be in a big-budget movie , this remake of the 1951 sci-fi classic that gave baby boomer kids chills simply fails to strike any sparks .
`` The Day the Earth Stood Still '' does n't lack heart . It 's surprisingly sincere . No , the human quality it could use a bit more of is humor .
This movie is as clunky and unappealing as the space-saving acronym being used to avoid its endless title -- TDTESS .
There was no way to re-make The Day The Earth Stood Still properly today .
The new Day the Earth Stood Still lacks the courage of its own eco-pessimism , and the final scenes play like a rushed , embarrassed concession to our need for happy endings , no matter how far-fetched .
What shatters your hope for a new classic is the movie 's descent into semicoherent spectacle .
After Wall-E and I Am Legend and the dozens of apocalypse flicks since the last Day the Earth Stood Still we can surely do better . Even Klaatu looks bored and distracted , much as he did back when we knew him as Neo .
It 's a flat , lifeless story with a flat , lifeless lead . Humans are flawed , humans are beautiful , the Earth is dying ... it really feels like we 've been here before .
This loud , hammy , and , above all , pointless do-over only serves to point out the genius of the original .
Gort the robot looks the same but is ten times bigger and a tenth as interesting -- a good metaphor for the whole project .
If you 're looking for chuckles this holiday season , bypass the miserably unfunny Four Christmases and go where the real comedy is -- The Day the Earth Stood Still , a clumsy , moronic remake of Robert Wise 's brilliant 1951 classic .
Derrickson did n't make any major mistakes , but he also did n't find a way to make The Day the Earth Stood Still meaningful for a modern-day audience .
The Day The Earth Stood is what you think it is : a serviceable remake that retains kernels of the original while turning up the heat to make for a popcorn-friendly sci-fi spectacle .
The Day The Earth Stood Still 's original version aspired to blow our collective minds and inspire our hearts ; this new remake settles for making our eyes pop out , with a slight hope our jaws will go slack from the spectacle .
Keanu Reeves gives a good physical performance as Klaatu , the alien newly inhabiting a human body , but his utterly humorless alien has , well , an alienating effect .
Parental Content Review
Not only is it 20th Century Fox 's first ` carbon neutral ' production but its Earth-destroying special effects have less impact than a fart in a thunderstorm .
Add to that some unimpressive CGI and a bizarrely abrupt ending and you have the day your buttocks went to sleep , your brain melted and your will to live evaporated .
How smart can it be to broadcast this into space ? The real Klaatu could be out there monitoring us . A movie this bad could tip our fate scale in the negative direction .
A remake that does not disgrace the original , this is sufficiently different to stand alone and just as relevant in its concerns - as well as succeeding -LRB- arguably better -RRB- as a thriller .
Sending a flying v-sign right at the splendid Robert Wise original from 1951 , this daft and pointless sci-fi remake has very little to recommend it .
It 's not good enough , at this point in the game , to serve up this collection of cliches and expect anyone to be fooled or entertained by it for a minute .
The flick is a very plain Jane version of a disaster film with mediocre special effects , no character depth whatsoever and is just a complete waste of money .
A credible effort to honor the original while contributing something new . Derrickson effectively builds and sustains a sense of thoughtful tension - until the screenplay lets him down .
It 's divine tongue-in-cheek tosh .
Keanu Reeves stars , giving the kind of torpid performance that lesser beings can only approximate by necking a hundredweight of Temazepam . The lights are on at the top of the spaceship , but there 's no one at the controls .
Impossible , we can handle , but the eschewal of all internal logic starts to feel like an insult , the cinematography is dismal , and the cocktail of lazy CGI and po-faced , sub-Al-Gore environment lecture leaves you light-headed with tedium .
Needing only to span the emotional range from blank to sincere , Reeves is pretty well cast . Sadly , there 's not enough Gort and too much of Smith 's squirt .
Cranking the action dial up to 11 , Derrickson retools an iconic piece of sci-fi with lots of big guns but extra smarts would have been welcome . It 's bang up to date but a tad underwhelming . Not the disaster some fanboys predicted .
The Christmas turkey has landed , in the form of 20th Century Fox 's worst blockbuster ever .
The movie 's last quarter gets clogged up with special effects , including what looks like a gigantic swarm of locusts that eat through whole juggernauts . Whether this eco-warning will have a morally improving effect on audiences is uncertain .
This remake of the 1951 favourite is oddly botched , trying to combine some timely themes with the structure of a more conventional action thriller .
I hate myself for sitting through the entire film .
Maybe there is a chance you wo n't miss all the subtle nuance and intellectually stimulating honesty of the original . Maybe you wo n't notice that this remake , for all its early potential , is nothing more than an outright disaster .
The Day the Earth Barely Even Notices We 're on the Brink of Doom , and Why Do n't Those Damn Hippies Just Shut Up About Global Warming Already ?
The whole thing finally crashes and burns in an orgy of noisy and uninspired special effects that stands as a lunkheaded rebuke to the restraint displayed by the original film
When faced with a boring movie during the holiday season , you can only use one quip , so I am going for it . BLAH humbug !
An overall lame piece of science-fiction and an even lamer parable that fails to distinguish its own ironies of what 's worth saving when filmmakers like Derrickson pee all over something so many of us cherish .
It 's an impressively big film , and even when it 's bad , it 's bad in a big way .
Actually has half a brain in its head .
The Day the Earth Stood Still wo n't make you forget the original , but it does n't stain that classic 's legacy .
If all you ask from a movie is cool CGI effects , The Day the Earth Stood Still is for you . Look for any more than that and you 'll be sorely disappointed .
This is one production that could have used a few more rewrites , if not a total reworking of a plot handled with more gusto over five decades ago .
The robot Gort , so cool and creepy in the original , is reduced to a dull special effect , and the trumped-up climax with gratuitous destruction by swarms of metallic bugs is downright dumb .
If this is the best the human race can do , forget it .
Rarely has an alien invasion -LRB- or the possible eradication of humanity -RRB- seemed less gripping .
Super-serious but very lame .
Du n no about the Earth , but time certainly stands still for a goodly portion of Scott Derrickson 's expensively produced but utterly boneheaded remake .
A lively reinvention of the 1951 science fiction classic with a fitting ecological message about saving the planet .
Like the big shiny sphere at its center , the film is fairly pretty , but there 's no real sense that there 's anything inside it .
The general feel of the movie is so chilly that it 's unappealing . In fact , the whole thing resembles a bad episode of TV 's The X-Files .
if you 're willing to go in with an open mind and some filmmaking forgiveness , you 'll find this a Day well spent
The new Earth is both too dumb and not quite dumb enough to be any fun at all .
As a message movie , it 's preachy without being serious ; for an action movie , there 's a lot of racket but not much fun .
Klaatu 's temperament is not the only thing that has been changed in this enjoyable updating .
The one thing Hollywood can usually be counted on to do when remaking old films , especially when dumbing them down , is to boost their action quotient , and these guys have failed to do even that .
It 's ickily atmospheric , tactile , old-school special effects movie-making .
In one eye and out the other , the sullen remake of The Day the Earth Stood Still airlifts certain story details straight from its source material .
An entertaining rethink of the 1951 classic .
The film fizzles in the second half , when flashy effects replace coherent storytelling , and everyone goes all weepy over the innate decency of humanity .
Refusing to take Wise 's nuanced lead , the new Stood is a grotesque creation that prefers noise to thought , clumsily slapping together an eco-minded warning siren in the guise of a bloated Roland Emmerich creation .
We 'll spare you the spoiler . And though it has its moments , you might want to spare yourself the movie .
This botched remake of The Day the Earth Stood Still seriously dishonors the seriously fine 1951 sci-fi landmark on which it 's based .
The movie stumbles to an ending that 's more whimper than bang .
The original movie 's climax , an endearingly corny homily about the necessity of peace , has been replaced by a pointless tsunami of digital effects .
All this is presented in an expensive , good-looking film that is well-made by Scott Derrickson , but to no avail .
The problem here is that there are none of the big ideas that have kept the 1951 film in the public consciousness
Since Keanu Reeves has all the expressiveness of a toaster , why is he starring in the new The Day the Earth Stood Still as human-looking alien Klaatu rather than giant robot Gort ?
a pale shadow of the classic , piling on special effects and grafting original elements onto a dopey and sub-par thriller that bogs down in its own self-righteousness
Many fans of the original will hate it . A pity . Because it redocorates the tale while remaining true to its theme . Keanu Reeves plays Klaatu with all the expressiveness of a wok . I have never seen a wok better portrayed .
As it becomes clear , too early in the game , that Klaatu 's executioner 's song is really a didactic bluff , ` The Day the Earth Stood Still ' loses its urgency and much of its raison d'être .
Like a skydiver whose parachute never opens , plummeting towards an ending that basically says , ` Humans : Awful at Environmentalism , Great at Hugging . '
... a big , dopey , old-fashioned , science-fiction disaster movie - which is odd , because its 1951 predecessor was anything but .
Judging by Derrickson 's bland , poorly executed version , there was no urgent reason to remake Robert Wise 's 1951 sci-fi classic .
Fox has sucked all the color out of The Day The Earth Stood Still ...
While all those really scary vintage sci-fi thrillers tapped into something to scream about , however unfounded , this ho hum knockoff 's source of greatest failure seems to be their biggest fear , losing at the box office .
It really is the perfect `` family '' holiday thriller -LRB- the edgy side of Christmas -RRB- and carries a message that is so perfectly fine-tuned to our problems of today it might actually make you feel a little guilty . If a movie can entertain you and make y
This Earth could have moved if they had embraced the heart of Starman . Too bad they settled for a half-hearted Independence Day .
Better to just sit back and enjoy The Day the Earth Stood Still for what it is : a fair amount of fun .
Despite the generally weak acting , this modern remake is as effective and thoughtful at capturing the global zeitgeist and how the world today might react to an alien invasion as the original .
While Robert Wise 's science-fiction classic The Day the Earth Stood Still '' was a simple story of deep ideas , the remake is an overblown , puny-minded tale featuring extraterrestrials too stupid or lazy to do a background check on the species they condemn .
The original Day the Earth Stood Still had a paranoid poetry that lifted the audience up even as it warned the world to come together . This one is so dour it just comes off as a scolding .
Although there is an admirable attempt to stay true to the higher aspirations of the high-class source material , the new effort is undermined by the need to fashion itself as a crowd-pleasing blockbuster , loaded with exciting special effects .
The original 1951 film carried a timely anti-nuclear message , but this film would n't dare offend anyone by even mentioning the phrase `` global warming . ''
Purists may fume , but more open-minded sci-fi fans tired of the countless fantasy movies being churned out by Hollywood right now should give it a try ...















@highlight

Heavy on special effects , but without a coherent story at its base , The Day the Earth Stood Still is subpar re-imagining of the 1951 science-fiction classic .