The combination of music with the performers ' dedication makes this more moving than a concert souvenir , though they are almost upstaged by touching moments with veterans .
This is not a rock tour film for CSNY fans so much as a rambling , occasionally thought-provoking , sometimes moving enquiry into the question of whether the sixties protest music generation has lost its leverage over hearts and minds .
What saves CSNY/Deja Vu from its self-importance is the surprisingly lively , timely and timeless music .
It is a good , strong documentary .
Neil Young , though he be the writer of some of the finest , most trenchant , angriest political songs of the last fifty years , has no skill at marshaling arguments in a cinematic context .
The problem is n't what it 's communicating . It 's the awkward structure and tendency toward redundancy . The film 's a hodgepodge of songs , old footage and stories of the Iraq War that just does n't come together with any sense of narrative cohesiveness .
One ca n't help finding it funny that the most poorly positioned elements in the film are musical ones , yet the uniquely raw and under-produced sound of the band does find itself a comfortable home in this raw and under-produced doc .
Many come to the shows unprepared for the heavy sermonizing . Others call for it . The documentary seems equally divisive .
Come to think of it , maybe the reason the movie spends so much time patting the band on the back is because it is obvious movie audiences are n't likely to .
CSNY Déjà Vu does n't break any new documentary ground , but it does exactly what it sets out to do : Preserve a live event and make it available to a broader audience .
CSNY Déjà Vu has some delicious moments , but you never quite shake the feeling that it 's documenting a tempest in a teapot .
The band 's harmonies have crumbled and their new songs sound like paint being chipped off an aluminum shed with a garden rake . Their hits would sound better on the next eight-track you see at a yard sale .
Young , who directed the movie , compares today 's climate with the Vietnam era , and does n't bother hiding his disappointment in the present .
Recent and archival interview , news , war and music footage , which often juxtapose the Vietnam and Iraq conflicts , round out this unflinching , well-constructed picture .
It will doubtlessly end up preaching to the choir -- Bush backers beware -- but that choir should enjoy it .
The movie makes you glad that CSNY is still out there rocking in the free world . It makes you doubly glad they 're not leading it .
Might have packed a stronger punch with more commitment to both the music and the message .
The film avoids discussing politics directly , and instead discusses the right to discuss politics .
... a mix of music and politics , outrage and respect , past and present that is both thoroughly entertaining and reflective .
Wears its heart squarely on its sleeve for all to see and takes no prisoners in stating its political mind .
Achieves a level of unexpected power and poignancy .
It presumably wo n't change many minds and those not already predisposed to the music of CSNY but those with a predilection for either the singers or the sentiments will likely finds this film to be a valuable document indeed .
Much like the album it 's promoting , it 's both urgent and regrettably cacophonous .
One of the great strengths of CSNY is how skillfully it deflects criticism of ` four balding hippie millionaires ' taking to the stage to criticize American politics ; the film is peppered with excerpts from some of the tour 's earliest and nastiest critics .
Rather than keeping the camera aimed at the stage , Young collaborates with television journalist Mile Cerre to fashion several 60 Minutes-styled episodes on things he wishes to either promote or expose .
CSNY : Déjà Vu brings back glimmers of the old glory and touchingly suggests that the body may age , but the spirit of the Woodstock nation endures .
The only surprising element is that anyone would be surprised when things get political at a CSNY concert .
As laudable as the idealism may be , the movie sometimes feels like a self-congratulatory victory lap .
Will send most viewers running , not to war protests , but to Woodstock '69 DVDs or rentals .
Even if the opening riff of `` Teach Your Children '' makes you want to stab an incense stick in your eardrum , there are enough detours to make the doc surprisingly compelling to anyone with an interest in the state of the union .
Neil Young rolls the cameras on himself and geriatric bandmates David Crosby , Stephen Stills and Graham Nash as they tenaciously cling to social relevance by generally preaching to the converted during their 2006 antiwar Freedom of Speech tour .
It 's fun to see these four guys back together , hair a little grayer , paunches a bit more pronounced -LRB- though , weirdly , David Crosby looks exactly the same -RRB- , fighting and harmonizing just like the old times .
Give Young credit for getting beyond the standard tour-bus and backstage environments , but the broad scope ultimately gives short shrift to both the veterans and the legendary discord among the bandmates .
Part tour documentary , part polemic for-and-by-the-people .
Compelling in its consideration of the struggles of musicians to meld their art with a political message and present it to a largely indifferent public who just wants to rock out .
CSNY fires up this rousing rockumentary , the camera 's rough cut tendencies not withstanding . In other words , call me stuff like geriatric and bloated - as malice-minded talking head reporters do - but whatever you do , do n't diss my peace activism .
An exceptional rockumentary which features riveting political debate and good tunes .
A melodious howl of protest against the Iraq War from one of rock 's greatest bands .
Helmer Bernard Shakey -- a.k.a. Neil Young -- has constructed a chronicle of his old band 's Freedom of Speech tour of summer '06 and come up with an aud-friendly , activist musical that seems sure to raise both political ire and major bucks .



@highlight

Half concert doc , half political exposition , CSNY : DeJa Vu straddles the old and new slant on politics in music with diligence and not a little self-promotion .