` Paper Towns ' is an admirable film more due to what it tries to do , than to the final product , and although it does entertain , it could 've done a lot more . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A healthy amount of self-deprecating humor and self-awareness would have saved this well-intentioned -LRB- if meek -RRB- script from eternal mediocrity .
I like everything about Paper Towns except for its premise and central romance . Yes , I know those sort of seem like dealbreakers , but the things I liked about Paper Towns marginally outweighed the things I did n't like . Marginally .
Ferris Bueller said it best : ` Life moves pretty fast . If you do n't stop and look around once in a while , you could miss it . ' ` Paper Towns ' reminds us not to miss our life .
` Paper Towns ' may well be the Manic Pixie Dream Girl 's nadir .
Overall , Paper Towns is a good and solid , if somewhat lengthy , film . The film is structurally and visually conventional with the odd glimmer of indie quirk .
Destined to play second banana to last year 's critical and commercial darling `` The Fault In Our Stars . '' But as second bananas go , it 's not a bad one .
A smart script peppered with genuinely witty dialogue and some nuanced acting by a young ensemble cast at least keep this coming-of-age story watchable throughout .
This is not a film that stings , lasts or moves - it 's just a nice indie movie at the end of the day .
With the overarching story so unengaging , coupled with Margot 's fondness for making worldly statements no 18-year-old can say without sounding pretentious , this turns out to be better on paper .
With a simple storyline that can be slow at times , Cara Delevingne 's new movie will earn a place in the hearts of teenage filmgoers . But it does n't offer the same emotional punch as The Fault In Our Stars .
Margo 's departure leaves us in the company of characters who are way less interesting than her , and the answer to her mystery , when it comes , hardly seems worth the wait .
This young adult movie is among the dozens of titles featured in the 2015 holiday gift guide at ReelBob.com .
Ultimately a forgettable entry in the young-adult genre .
Packs a universal message that could be absorbed by pretty much anyone reaching a big change in their lives .
It 's a movie aimed at teenagers in all senses of the term but it creates such likeable , intelligent characters .
Nowhere near as bad as The Fault In Our Stars .
Benefits from its confidence in the page-turning pull of its random , breathless plotting , which borrows as much from ` Nancy Drew ' as from John Hughes .
Margo is just the superficial cliche of anti-authoritarian rebellion.She does n't even obey the rules of spelling and capitalizes middle letters of words.Random capitalization is all she has.She 's so desperate to be original she doubles down on nonsense .
After setting the scene with vivid characters and some insightful interaction , the plot of this teen comedy-drama feels like a let down .
This movie 's relationship to teen-romance -- flirting with it , undercutting it , swooning back into its clichéd thrall -- is frustrating and intriguing in spurts . By the end , it 's more like it 's - a-wrap than the messy , crumpled-up drafts of life .
Delevingne is plain . The soundtrack is flat and bland . The film photography satisfy but does not provide . Cinematically is average with the usual voiceover that solves all kinds of problems . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Almost in spite of itself , succeeds in saying something interesting about its teen audience before ultimately revealing itself to be entirely vacuous after all .
The overall mood is safe rather than edgy , but what it does do very effectively is capture a particular quality of adolescent yearning ... and Cara Delevingne 's puckish charisma is perfect .
The film is thankfully shorn of the sentimentality which weighed down The Fault in Our Stars .
Paper Towns is a breathtakingly vanilla adaptation of another soppy novel from The Fault in Our Stars author John Green .
An engaging , if familiar , mix of teen rites of passage , the fun of friendship and mooning over a cool girl . Still , Nat Wolff and Cara Delevingne make for a watchable duo .
A bittersweet teen film that has much to offer even those of us who have , in theory , grown up .
Paper Towns is more enjoyable than last year 's The Fault In Our Stars simply as it 's about kids dealing with the threat of becoming adults -LRB- and cautiously welcoming it -RRB- , not the threat of dying -LRB- and agonising relentlessly about it -RRB- .
-LSB- T -RSB- hinks it 's all about debunking the myth and the mystery of the manic pixie dream girl ... -LSB- but -RSB- by the time Margo 's MPDGness is debunked , she has already served the precise purpose that MPDGs always do ...
Cara is a bit of a Lindsay Lohan lookalike on the big screen , but she shows promise and can now add acting to her CV ahead of what will inevitably be her first album , first art show , first everything .
Another bittersweet film about boys growing up and demystifying women that disappointingly short-changes its female characters .
I found it quite charming - and I do n't normally do charming .
Paper Towns is particularly good at pinpointing that certain point in teenage male friendships where the guys are getting older , but they still sometimes resort to silly voices and goofy humor when the girls are n't around .
There are some useful insights into the downside of youthful romantic obsession .
A satisfying coming-of-age drama that manages to avoid being too mawkish .
Wolff has something , Delevingne has something , and no doubt the book had something , too - its devotees should find enough here to warm to , while the rest of us look on slightly bemused .
Paper Towns is way outside the US tradition of high-school movies that are funny and sharp .
As a piece of cinema , this film is dispensable , but in Delevingne , it may have given birth to a new star .
Paper Towns is too nice . And that is , coincidentally , also the problem its hero has been facing .
Another teen romance fiasco that tries to `` be different . '' -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The humor keeps things light and sincere but never distracts .
There are good things in this combined coming-of-age and road trip story , but there 's a hollowness to it -- not to mention a pretty unsatisfying ending .
If Paper Towns is representative of the youth of today , our species is truly doomed .
It 's an imaginative take on leaving high school and its mysteries .
The route to the climax - or anticlimax - needs more roadside attractions .
A low-impact drama about a teen 's romantic delusions
Arriving so soon after the excellent ` Me and Earl and the Dying Girl , ' it ca n't help but pale in comparison but that 's not really fair .
The lead performances are commendable , there 's a genial chemistry between the three male friends and most of the jokes work .
In the whole cast , only Halston Sage -LRB- as Delevigne 's former best friend -RRB- makes much of an impression ; this kid may actually be going places .
This is sensitive and often winning in its depiction of adolescent behavior ; the characters speak openly about their vulnerabilities , which makes them sympathetic .
The badly miscast Delevingne communicates nothing to suggest the sway she holds over her lovesick admirer . She 's an enigmatic blank page , a paper actress in a paper movie .
Makes you experience what it feels to be on the verge of becoming an adult and having no idea of what to do next . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Jake Schreier delivers a completely superficial film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Lacks originality , but it compensates with likeability . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Paper Towns '' is a case where the supporting characters are more likable than the two young leads .
. . worth noting that both Wolff and Delevingne are lacking in the unreasonably glamorous looks that actors tend to boast in films of this ilk , with the two actors possessing an everyday , far-from-stunning appearance that 's nothing short of refreshing .
A romance as pleasantly bland as the city that is its setting -- Orlando .
Paper Towns romanticizes a lost-and-found teenage daydream that comes across as a little insincere and more than a bit tone deaf .
Paper Towns is an exercise in artifice .
-LSB- The filmmakers -RSB- ca n't unravel the central mystery of Margo or why , besides an ill-defined case of puppy love , Quentin would abandon good sense to pursue her .
There is no fault in the new stars of the latest John Green book-to-movie adaptation and this teen dramedy is a slight cut above the norm in the genre even if a lot of it does n't add up . Still , it 's got heart and a nice theme about living life to the max .
With characters who are often as intricate and three-dimensional as an origami figure but a script that remains hopelessly paper-thin , Paper Towns is a disappointment coming on the heels of last summer 's lovely weepie , The Fault in Our Stars .
Formulaic melodrama - appealing primarily to pre-teens or those who have never seen John Hughes ' angst-riddled comedic dramas .
It 's not the most poignant or ground-breaking coming of age tale , but Paper Towns ' gentle nature and noble intentions make it a respectable one .
Paper Towns is a movie that I really liked , but I probably would have loved if I 'd seen it when I was 13 .
A pleasing , cliche-averse , stereotype defying tale of mismatched teens in odd-couple love .
It 's the rare movie that can sacrifice the clean lines of fantasy and melodrama for the messiness of ordinary life - that neither burnishes nor condemns the up-down turmoil of the teenage soul , but rather lets it be .
Although the filmmakers ... stay true to -LSB- John Green -RSB- 's voice , they also soften it , downplaying the darkness and making one singular young woman more ordinary .
has a couple of solid themes -LRB- taking risks , learning to look beyond initial and public perceptions -RRB- , but this time around the YA material is weighted down by too much contrivance and leads who are frankly uninteresting .
It 's refreshing to find a funny , frisky teen narrative that makes the simple pleasures of friendship as profound as True Love .
Not as good as The Fault is in Our Stars but the producers of this one do hit a perfect teen movie note .
While it might be dressed up with precocious pearls of wisdom and a working knowledge of contemporary suburban high-school social circles , it revisits some pretty familiar coming-of-age territory .
More like paper movie . Delevingne has monotone voice and weird affect . Co-star Wolf has more chemistry with his screen buddies . This is no Fault in Our Stars .
Smart , edgy adaptation captures the humor of self-discovery .
Lukewarm as a romance , but the charming young cast helps compensate .
There 's something fascinating about this behavioral puzzle , yet the production seems apprehensive to find authentic beats of awakening , preferring to glaze down Quentin 's crusade just when it 's getting interesting .
The other mystery is unspoken and unintentional : What is it about Margo that causes such a hullabaloo ?
While I 'm fairly far removed from the target demographic , I found ` Paper Towns ' engaging and entertaining enough to warrant a slight recommendation . -LRB- Full Content Review - Violence , Sexual Content , Profanity , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
What 's cool about Paper Towns is that even though she 's seen through the eyes of a teenage boy , it does allow the cool girl to make choices for herself . But what 's coolest is the friendship between three high school boys .
Fans expecting more than a routine coming-of-age story had better prepare for a paper movie .
`` Paper Towns '' might be the only movie to ever pay tribute to Walt Whitman 's poetry , Woody Guthrie 's music and the empowering theme song from the `` Pokemon '' cartoon series .
A bit like `` Gone Girl , '' only without all the miserable , horrid people , which takes most of the fun out of it .
If you 're over 20 , Paper Towns probably does n't have enough to make it worth seeing in theaters .
Each of the characters is real and interesting and appealing . Each has some self-awareness and each approaches the lessons along with road with grace .
Even literate voiceovers -LRB- this one is n't so much -RRB- telegraph that we 're in for safe if dark ironies and rueful platitudes that inevitably resolve in some glib life lesson .
A strong finish does a lot to smooth out the rougher edges found in Paper Towns .
The clichéd `` high school is hell , but we 're sure gon na miss it '' vibe has seldom seemed so phony .
Sure , it 's a movie aimed at teenagers in which an unpopular guy wants to get a popular girl , but there 's a lot more to this story 's map between points A and B .
If you 're searching for smart , soulful teen entertainment , you can start looking inside `` Paper Towns . ''
Neustadter and Weber , who also adapted `` A Fault in Our Stars '' for director Josh Boone , have a feel for the mundane moments of teen life that carry an emotional punch .
We 've seen the elements that make up `` Paper Towns '' before , but that 's OK . Schreier proves adept at avoiding clichés , and is helped by his actors .
To hose down the white elephant in the room right off the bat , yes , Paper Towns falls into place as a coming-of-age spin on the Manic Pixie Dream Girl archetype .
A serenely bland adaptation of the John Green young-adult novel about a regular boy in love with the mystery girl next door .
For all the drama and comedy , nothing much really happens in it - other than the palpable maturation of nearly every character in less than two hours .
A satisfying look at young unrequited love , bromances , independence and letting go .
Manufactured and manicured to appeal to the teenage fans of the book , `` Paper Towns '' is polished and edgeless .
Annoyingly twee .
Paper-thin ... a meandering coming-of-age tale that comes across as a nostalgia trip for John Hughes devotees .
A diverting romp that will get the job done for the author 's `` nerdfighter '' fans .
The film feels 30 minutes longer than its 109 minute run time mostly due to the fact that `` Paper '' seems distinctly like three different films .
Paper Towns works better on paper than in practice ; its ideas are infinitely preferable to the experience of watching the film .
Kind hearts , good laughs , and a conclusion that almost makes you glad you sat through one of the most insufferable first acts in movie history .
The movie name-drops the cool stuff , the rebels of word and song , but the essence of the story and the cardboard characters who inhabit it are as mundane as can be .
Despite its glimmers of self-awareness , Paper Towns works neither as a teen romance nor as a subversion of the same .
Paper Towns is yet another teen movie about a colourless boy who defines himself by a girl he 'll never allow himself to know .
`` Paper Towns '' is a thoughtfully crafted drama with an ensemble of actors standing on the precipice of what deserve to be bright careers .
Unlike in its predecessor , The Fault in Our Stars , the path to pubescent enlightenment in Paper Towns is more literal than existential , giving your tear ducts the night off at the cost of something a little deeper .
At last , a movie about teens on the cusp of adulthood that has heart , wit and soul .
Deeply mediocre ...
Fantasy is the currency in which adolescent movies deal -LRB- why else , in teen movies , would everyone 's hair always be perfect ? -RRB- , and `` Paper Towns '' putters along agreeably enough .
Following the mystery injects some welcome momentum into what 's otherwise the standard laundry list of end-of-school projects , and Green does have a way with the mildly pathetic drama of geeky youth .
Despite some strong performances and an earnest message , Paper Towns feels too much like a paper movie .
Self-absorption might be a common teen trait , but its glorification here may fail to excite those old enough to know they do n't know everything .
This coming-of-age tale seems impossibly romanticized , yet somehow it still manages to remain grounded and truthful .
The story is preposterous but then so is being a teenager , and while those years grow increasingly distant , I suspect the intended audience will still identify with its characters .
The lack of pretense makes it far less odious than ` Me and Earl and the Dying Girl ' - that , and that it features a black friend who has more than one dimension and a life of his own and everything .
Another content-rich dramedy based on a bestseller by John Green .
Despite likeable performances by the young cast and some resonant moments , this gauzy teen drama is , sadly , paper-thin .
Ok , Paper Towns plays it safe , but Nat Wolff and Cara Delevingne are irresistible so we 're never sorry .
It 's all head , no heart , which is generally the opposite of those formative years .
In a summer full of superheroes , dinosaurs and earthquakes it could very easily get drowned out . But try listening a little harder . It has something to say .
It will please all those who invest emotionally in it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film plays it safe , portraying only the mildest or most fanciful forms of teen rebellion .
Breaking through the comfort barrier is the thrust of this enjoyable coming of age film whose trajectory is a surprise
Does absolutely nothing new in a refreshingly fun way .
The film rightly treads a neat middle ground between sentimental teen idealism and the indie cool of The OC .
Credit Schreier and his screenwriters for locating the genuine sentiment within a familiar tale , but that does n't keep Paper Towns from feeling like well-trod turf .
In its considered , neatly packaged way , the film occupies a safe and solid middle-class middle ground in teen storyland , between crass gross-out comedies and mawkish romance on one side and edgy , exploratory indie fare on the other .
It may not subvert every cliche of the high-school romance genre , but director Jake Schreier 's coming-of-age dramedy nonetheless pulses with moving and melancholy moments ...
Even if the smarmily sanctified and beautifully doomed male lead of The Fault in Our Stars made you want to run screaming from the theater , you may find yourself on board with this movie 's road trip .

@highlight

Paper Towns is n't as deep or moving as it wants to be , yet it 's still earnest , well-acted , and thoughtful enough to earn a place in the hearts of teen filmgoers of all ages .