Most of the characters are superficial and underdeveloped , while the film itself is filled with predictable scenarios . Strong performances by the cast elevate the material , but it 's simply not enough .
Perhaps we can view this in 30 years as a lightweight text mirroring some of Occupy Wall Street , and perhaps the rise of Elizabeth Warren , although I 'm quite sure it will be forgotten about well before then .
Nice to meet you , Truthteller . Meet your fellow stereotypes ...
A riff on the 1983 classic The Big Chill , this ensemble drama 's reunion of old friends differs because Alex 's suicide fails this time .
Ultimately , the portrayals in About Alex are all caricatures that do n't really ring true .
Neither the script 's up-to-the-minute signifiers nor its cheekily self-aware humor can entirely dispel a formulaic feel .
The whole movie feels like sitting through a monologue read by over-privileged millennials reading pages from their pubescent diary , sharing shallow revelations about crushes and car envy .
The intelligence and unhackneyed humor of the believable , unself-conscious screenplay by fledgling director Mr. Zwick -LRB- son of veteran director Edward Zwick -RRB- deserves special praise . It never hits a false note .
I was pleasantly surprised by much of `` About Alex , '' a film that features a stronger-than-average ensemble for this subgenre even if it too often succumbs to predictable , traditional turns of Screenwriting 101 .
The chronicle of a less self-absorbed generation , it 's less annoying than The Big Chill but also less funny .
About Alex is familiar inside and out , but that does n't make it any less true . Just the opposite .
Doomed to go unnoticed by a generation that ca n't be bothered with movies so representationally about itself , a generation that 's already too self-aware in a literal manner .
Only Plaza 's performance as the troubled Sarah comes close to creating a three-dimensional character .
The insight that social media fosters false intimacy is old news . The film shows only a half-formed sense of how careers have changed in 30 years .
The movie stalls in a limbo of half-realized characters and superficial weightiness .
About Alex still has sufficient charm , wit and occasional wisdom to make it worthwhile . Just do n't expect another Big Chill .
Taste , talent and lineage only go so far when nearly every line feels like it 's from a script , not life . There 's not a single surprise in this 96 minutes of millennial moaning .
It 's extremely easy to forgive an imperfect movie for its flaws when , like About Alex , it showcases a big , beating heart that is clearly in the right place .
Like the online medium it fitfully critiques , the movie never digs very deep .
This callow but pretentious reunion of college buddies would have better been kept a strictly private affair .
There is a fine line between homage and theft .
They wonder what happened to them , how they got so serious , never stumbling on the obvious answer : YOU GREW UP , YOU DOPES .
About Alex benefits from a uniformly strong cast that does its best to find moments of truth in the banal , derivative scenario they 've been handed .
Delivers a few surprisingly competent performances and a dollop of honesty as it plays a convincing game of grand theft movie .
Zwick clearly wanted to update `` The Big Chill , '' but he never pushes past the concept itself .
A film with something of value to say about the nature and importance of friendships . It 's funny and honest .
Zwick has a good ear for dialogue , and scenes between pairs of characters are smart and intimate - a nice match for talents like Plaza and Greenfield , who are particularly fun to watch play off each other .
On `` The Big Chill ' knockoff scale , this ranks just above ` Peter 's Friends , ' which is n't saying very much .
Dramas about relationships are built on details , and too often , the ones in About Alex feel like elements of a screenplay rather than specifics from real life .
... Zwick never really solves the problem of how to make a houseful of semi-likable characters into cinema .
The discussions -- and lingering sexual tensions -- are all rather familiar , but then About Alex is n't trying to reinvent the wheel , instead it simply makes the most of Zwick 's gently witty script .
A thoroughly enjoyable if familiar reunion dramedy .
It 's far from flawless , but is a promising first feature with lots of charm .
A satisfying and sweet debut film that will likely only get better with age -LRB- just like those eighties films -RRB- .
Unambitious but amiable , it benefits from the presence of familiar talents .
However self-aware the film may be , its characters and moods and conflicts are too over-determined and familiar to linger in the memory very long after the credits roll .
A `` Big Chill '' knockoff that 's occasionally funny , never deep .
About Alex is a raw and beautiful morality piece about where the late twenty-somethings are presently . I loved nearly every second .
Writer/director Jesse Zwick shows promise , and as a first feature , the film is impressive , but it 's not likely to stay with you after the credits roll .

@highlight

About Alex pointedly provokes comparisons to The Big Chill , but the script does n't have enough substance to support them -- or give its talented cast enough to work with .