The Salvation is a gorgeous-looking western with no other aims than being a gorgeous-looking western .
It could be Danish filmmaker Kristian Levring 's answer to the spaghetti western -LRB- this one shot in South Africa with American landscapes CGIed into the background -RRB- with a sensibility that echoes the savage frontier novels of Cormac McCarthy .
It 's dull . It 's literally , if not metaphorically , bloodless .
The pace of the film is slow , tense and anxious , built upon a motivation for revenge between two antithetical men , who are united through a shared destructive ideology , cementing the absurdity of human ideals .
The Salvation is an enjoyable film , especially in terms of old-style genre filmmaking . It will certainly become a form of salvation itself , among the hordes of CGI blockbusters and senseless horror flicks that have taken over the theaters this summer .
There 's little to really complain about , save a couple of instances of iffy scripting , but the overall sense of familiarity leaves the whole thing feeling not much more than efficiently done .
The movie as a whole is good , not great , but Mikkelsen elevates it , as does Morgan who plays one of the better frothing Western villains we 've seen in awhile .
in the grand tradition of Sergio Leone and his Spaghetti Westerns set in the American Old West but shot in Europe ... enriched by a fine score by Kasper Winding that keeps the tension at a fever pitch with fine performances by Mads Mikkelson and Eva Green .
The Salvation flaunts its synthetic capabilities -- whis is to say , it goes right to the point -- while subjecting its traditional spaghetti western plot to modern elements . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Writer-director Kristian Levring says there are 62 different references to classic Westerns in his own oater `` The Salvation . '' Perhaps the greatest compliment I can pay his film is that I never looked for them . I was too busy enjoying the film .
With the help of two charismatic stars , it does conjure up its share of evocative genre moments .
Levring plays out his generic premise at a grindingly slow pace .
Mikkelsen in a Danish Western holds promise , but computer-aided style detracts and distracts
A gratifyingly old-fashioned Western of the sort Hollywood long ago gave up making .
In an untamed world where hypocrisy is loud and where no one can be trusted , salvation is one 's own business and actions speak louder than words .
It 's pretty formulaic stuff , but Levring has a good eye ; it 's a handsome film to look at .
Wild West vengeance gets a terrific homage and a bloody reckoning in this oater excursion ...
Its evocative sets and settings , superior acting and bleak-as-a-dead-rattle-snake ethos make it the most entertaining western to come steaming into cinemas since the 3:10 to Yuma arrived eight long years ago .
It 's a little too wedded to the cinematic past .
The film has a pleasing old school commitment to the primal beauty of seeing frontier justice unleashed by taciturn men who take no pleasure in killing . But that 's also its problem .
It never transcends reverent pastiche , down to the hackneyed twang of Morricone-style guitars .
It 's the detail -- the fly on the dead man 's face and all those close-ups of characters ' stirruped boots clanking on wooden floors -- that makes The Salvation so enjoyable .
The Salvation is of that rare genre : the Danish western , starring the always-magnificent Mads Mikkelsen as Jon , a Nordic settler in the -LRB- extremely -RRB- Wild West of America in 1871 .
The Salvation is n't just for those who love westerns ... it 's a solid revenge thriller in its own right .
This does n't add much to the genre but it 's always welcome to see a film that does it so well .
Mikkelsen makes a great western hero . In an earlier age , this might have been his entire career .
A truly reprehensible revenge western .
Sadly , the director 's stylistic gambits get the better of him at the precise point when the plotting gets wobbly , and the result is a pile-up and a waste .
Nearly Blazing Saddles without the jokes : all genre conventions with none of the fun , just your inescapable expectations met around every sun-blighted corner .
There are no surprises in this story , only the anticipation of justice being done one bad guy at a time until the final showdown .
Lacks enough complexity to hold cliché at bay , and the CGI-heavy visuals are distracting .
One of the most exciting cowboy movies to clip-clop onto screens in a while .
A solid , if very familiar , revenge Western with a decent lead , a couple of well-staged shootouts and some dazzling desert landscapes .
Even when we know the familiar iconography and storytelling tropes of old American classics that are thundering toward us , it 's great to see them again .
The Salvation is such a loving embrace to the Western genre you keep waiting for John Wayne to sidle up , tip his hat , and say `` Howdy ma'am '' .
More Sergio Leone than John Ford , it 's a visually expansive compendium of revenge-movie cliches suffused with Scandinavian angst -- not a spaghetti western , but sort of a cheesy Danish one .
The Salvation is n't quite as extraordinary as John Hillcoat 's The Proposition , but it 's still an extremely solid western with a remarkable performance by Mads Mikkelsen .
The Salvation is severe and bloody stuff .
Surprises are few and far between in `` The Salvation , '' but for Western fans looking for a fix , it 'll do the trick .
A film reminiscent of a song that sounds familiar but offers its own pleasures .
It 's disappointing that the movie , which begins with such a strong sense of moral murkiness and casual injustice , descends into a rather generic tale of revenge ...
... a revenge Western , photographed and designed in the grand , hyperbolic style of Leone 's ` Once Upon a Time in the West , ' complete with wide-angle interiors and dynamic close-ups ... Mikkelsen subs nicely for Jimmy Stewart on Vengeance Trail .
Worth seeing just for the faces , starting with Mads Mikkelsen as the suffering hero , then moving on to Jeffrey Dean Morgan as the rotten , savvy heavy , Eva Green as the mutilated woman , and Jonathan Pryce as the craven mayor .
Slick , hyperstylized , and lushly scored - a far cry from Levring and co-writer Anders Thomas Jensen 's Dogme days-The Salvation is , under its glossy Western veneer , a simple , old-fashioned revenge thriller .
`` The Salvation '' is one of those movies that deservedly -LRB- and desperately -RRB- requires a do-over . Unfortunately , what you see is what you get .
The Salvation is a popcorn-ready Old West revenge tale with little on its mind besides consecutive action beats .
The individually strong elements of the movie all feel like they should add up to something much more than the whole .
The Salvation has everything a good Western should have .
... might seem generic by genre standards , but it 's also well executed on both sides of the camera .
Mikkelsen 's icy stare , and a strong finale , make the film worth a go .
The Salvation is visually beautiful , morally down and dirty , and simplistic . But it 's marked by two haunted , quiet performances from stars Mads Mikkelsen and Eva Green , who make -LSB- an -RSB- otherwise predictable slog worthwhile .
For western fans , watching this movie is like encountering an old friend after a long absence .
It is not a particularly light-hearted Western but it 's also neither portentous nor pretentious , and it does n't wear out its welcome .
Lack of mystery does n't hurt the movie , but rather fits a story as elemental as this , one that at times resembles an illustrated list of genre codes and conventions : black hat , white hat , six-shooter , horse .
The story drifts and the pacing drags , failing to gather much steam until the final moments .
The Salvation may be more of a genre exercise than an effective thriller , but compelling performances help elevate this Danish western .
Jens Schlosser 's cinematography is stunning , at least until -LSB- director -RSB- Levring goes style crazy at the film 's midpoint , fetishizing the visuals until his film bears more in common with `` Sin City '' than `` Dodge City . ''
If you enjoy your meat rare , booze gulped out of a dirty boot , and tingle at the sound of jangling spurs , `` The Salvation '' is the movie for you .
There 's no harmonica-flavored faux-Morricone score , no cutesy references ; this is n't an homage , but a director putting an outmoded genre style to work in a brisk , violent frontier flick .
Mads Mikkelson has the face for the frontier and just the right level of internalised , righteous rage to keep The Salvation on a rusty-knife-edge throughout .
Levring is certainly the first of his countrymen to render an homage to the genre with quite this level of skill , while his outsider status allows him to damn every last American in the godforsaken land of his own invention .
Levring has little interest in investigating Western lore or history but rather in manipulating characters and images from classic films he loved as a child .
This familiar material is pitched ever towards the ridiculous , but it 's at least strongly played throughout .
The movie is boringly violent and glum , but as a mute widow with a killer glare , the inimitable Eva Green provides its one shard of campy color .
One enjoys it the way one enjoys a forgettable genre entry that gets most things right , then largely dissolves from the memory . Indeed , not even Eva Green as a mute , scarred gunslinger is very memorable .
Two Bond villains and Eva Green walk into a western , and they emerge with a rugged - if far from revolutionary - old-school horse-opera throwback .
-LSB- Feels -RSB- like a period exercise in the modern , Liam Neeson-led trend of grim revenge films .
The film achieves nothing more than hollow caricature , too caught up in dumb dress-up pageantry to accomplish anything else .
Mostly for those who have the superior taste and intelligence to be Mads Mikkelsen fans .
Why does n't it work ? Perhaps it 's the feeling that Levring is ticking boxes , trying to include all the typical hallmarks of a Western without ever giving them the time to properly develop .
This is a well made , passionately acted western that hands over plenty of bang for your fistful of dollars .
Mikkelsen becomes a background player next to Green ; he withholds , she combusts .
... a loving and in fact overly adulatory genre film which is not so much a take on the revenge Western as a deeply faithful recreation of it , at times so faithful as to veer dangerously close to pastiche .
Perhaps there is no salvation , just survival in the savagery of this particularly wild west .
A very entertaining , pure breed , old school western with a modern twist - and mesmerizing casting
If The Salvation is not a perfect film , it 's pretty damn close to being one .
The Salvation is assembled of nothing but the most elemental components of the Western , which gives genre specialists a lot to recognize and analyze and newcomers something to enjoy for its own sake .

@highlight

It 's all but impossible to add anything new or fresh to the traditional Western , but -- thanks in no small part to Mads Mikkelson 's performance -- The Salvation comes close .