Although Kevin Spacey bears no resemblance to the original Abramoff , his interpretation of this white-collar mobster is a real treat ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
George Hickenlooper 's fact-based satire , starring Kevin Spacey and his ever-sharp comic timing , offers an antic version of the wheeler-dealer whose ambition and blinkered morality were close to caricature all along .
Casino Jack is a funny and enjoyable film with great performances .
too little too late
Hickenlooper was a talented director with a clear , passionate love of movies . It 's a shame his last one had to be this one .
-LSB- Hickenlooper -RSB- tried to make sense of it all , and then conjured `` a Hollywood ending . '' The trouble is , the Hollywood/D.C . hustler Jack Abramoff never actually provided one .
Hickenlooper 's approach to the subject plus a great performance by Kevin Spacey make Casino Jack an enjoyable comedy and thought provoking social commentary .
Rather flat , but for Spacey 's performance alone this is a fine examination of the U.S. political system and its inherent problems .
spatalaei dynameis sto na ypertonizei th mwrothta olwn toys anti na thn afhnei na milaei apo monh ths
Spacey and Hickenlooper take a sensitive , and possibly quite provocative subject and retell it in a way that is perhaps easier to reach for the not so politically inclined .
... an odd and benighted film .
Excellent performances by Kevin Spacey and Barry Pepper in a movie that does measure up to its real-life story . And Jon Lovitz nearly steals the movie .
`` Casino Jack '' works as a political film , it works as Shakespearian tragedy , and it works on the level of just plain Kevin Spacey goofiness .
Hollywood is getting obsessed with the growing financial porn genre , where white-collar criminals get fluffed by accounting firms and the slow-motion perp walk is the new money shot . They 're exploitative , best watched alone , and let 's admit it ... hot .
Setting aside the question of the wisdom of treating the material as comedy , the bigger problem is that Casino Jack simply is n't very funny .
The depiction of Abramoff as a rogue and rascal who becomes the fall guy in an assembly of hypocrites seems to be a whitewash at best .
What distinguishes Casino Jack , one version of lobbyist Jack Abramoff 's story , is that it 's often incomprehensible . That , we hasten to add , is not a good thing .
The film has a complicated political story to tell , and its erratically suspenseful narrative often detracts from its central interest - what makes Abramoff tick .
Casino Jack is really two movies : a convoluted tale about the exploits of disgraced Washington super-lobbyist Jack Abramoff , coupled with a zealous-if-misguided performance from Kevin Spacey in the title role .
There 's a morality tale in here somewhere , but the director fell in love with his subject along the way and lost perspective .
Does n't quite take its satire far enough .
a darkly humorous , but uneven cautionary tale that takes too many easy potshots at Bush-era religious conservatives
Spacey grabs attention and sets the tone for all the sarcastic skullduggery from the start , as he 's hauled into jail and demands a private cell and a kosher diet . And zooms into his nonstop rant on auto-spin , between bible classes and golf with Bush .
Told largely in flashback , Norman Snider 's screenplay zips between Abramoff 's high-rolling past and his current situation , which will lead to a prison term for fraud and corruption .
With any luck , this could have been something like `` Charlie Wilson 's War , '' but `` Casino Jack '' lacks the wit and elegance of that film .
The film tries to encompass all of Abramoff 's encyclopedic chicanery and chokes on the sheer volume .
The film 's biggest fault is that it tackles the whole sordid affair like a comedy ... Yet given the real-life tragedies instigated by Abramoff and his Republican buddies like Tom DeLay , Ralph Reed and George W. Bush , I doubt many people will be laughing .
... as a fact-based narrative it 's a mess while as a character study it 's shallow and unsatisfying . Even more fatally , as a comedy it 's not particularly funny .
Spacey has fun doing Abramoff doing Al Pacino , President Ronald Reagan and Sylvester Stallone . But the typically strong Spacey is n't the only actor doing commanding work here .
It 's hard to work up a whole lot of love or sympathy for convicted lobbyist Jack Abramoff .
Casino Jack moves with such manic determination it all but reaches out from the screen and shakes you by the collar : `` See , movies about lobbyists can be fun ! ''
Hickenlooper and co-conspirator Kevin Spacey are more successful at entertaining than informing or enraging us , but such a tart soufflé may be the best way for a fed-up public to digest this distasteful story .
The film is merely irreverent when it should be scathing .
`` Casino Jack '' is more lurid than damning , more splashy than refined .
Spacey , manic as he is , does n't give us insight into Abramoff 's personal contradictions .
`` Casino Jack '' is a portrait of a player - a man always dancing , always spinning .
`` Casino Jack '' is glib , fast-paced entertainment that barely leaves a mark - which , given the subject , is just plain wrong .
Casino Jack is all over the place : exaggerated comedy , cartoonish high jinks , then heavy-handed melodrama ...
Spacey 's bravura performance really sells the story .
Casino Jack fails at its most critical mission : Laying out in clear detail exactly how and when Abramoff broke the law .
... Hickenlooper never opens up both barrels on Abramoff , leaving all character insight to the movie 's star , Kevin Spacey . Bad idea .
If you want to get the real skinny on Casino Jack and his amazing story , see the Alex Gibney documentary . If you just want to be entertained for a couple of hours , rent the movie .
The tone is too satirically smug , off much in the same way as `` I Love You Phillip Morris , '' with Spacey doing everything but tap dancing to garner attention to a character he never makes more than skin deep .
Sometimes Casino Jack seems like a Keystone Lobbyist comedy ; other times it 's a slick character study . It 's goofy and hit-or-miss .
Kevin Spacey contributes a wonderfully flamboyant performance as Abramoff .
Though it 's a showcase for Spacey , Casino Jack is a shallow , confused account of the political game at its worst -- also known as business as usual .
Tackles the ultimate fall of Abramoff with an almost stunning lack of authenticity . Sees Jack the way Jack sees himself , not the way he actually is .
It is Spacey 's performance that contains most of the movie 's mystery ; although Abramoff 's actions left little room for justification , in Spacey 's performance , there is some .
Tonally scattershot and more than a little heavy-footed . But then , so were the real cons from which Abramoff profited while the flimflam worked .
Conceptually reminiscent of what Robert Altman did to skewer Hollywood in `` The Player , '' Hickenlooper adopts an anti-cleverly narrative by using a `` cheesy '' narrative to attack a cheese WIS/whiz-zzz-ed -LRB- on -RRB- America .
Entertaining , but needs more detail , background and storytelling .
... it 's time to put at least one nasty episode in comic perspective , to reflect on some of the ridiculous realities of American political life .
Spacey 's portrayal of Abramoff gets at the man 's contradictions - his ostensibly devout Jewish faith next to an almost sociopathic blindness to his misdeeds - but it never even partly explains them .
It 's a movie of sporadically entertaining scenes that add up to a vaguely unsatisfying whole .
Instead of two stars , give it three Maalox bottles .
Sadly , Casino Jack just does n't measure up to its own yardstick of success .
Kevin Spacey gives a bravura performance as superlobbyist Jack Abramoff in George Hickenlooper 's uneven but often loopily entertaining Casino Jack .
Despite some sharp moments , just too messy and uneven to hit the target consistently .
The biggest asset in Casino Jack is Spacey , who plays Abramoff as the cynical , snappy type of character he made so memorable in American Beauty .
Hickenlooper offers a one-dimensional portrait of a jacked-up Abramoff .
Irreverent and satirical with cocksure brilliant Kevin Spacey adroitly handling the constantly shifting , darkly absurdist allegiances .
I 'd probably watch a movie like Casino Jack on TV and think , ` Yup , that 's pretty much what I thought happened . ' Nothing more .
If you care about the material , you already saw it done earlier , and better , in the Gibney film .
Embellishing Jack Abramoff 's story with so much humor makes the film feel more like a political parody than a document of what really happened .
Mr. Hickenlooper 's oddly apolitical caper film loses itself in the puzzle of its protagonist 's personality .
Kevin Spacey gives such a cynical and calculated perfromance as Jack Abramoff that he makes the man less interesting than he must have been . For better account , watch Gibney 's docu about the same subject , `` Casino Jack and the United States of Money . ''
A refreshing take on the political crime drama .
Golden Globe nominee Kevin Spacey has a ball and then some playing the devil inside Jack Abramoff , the corrupt GOP lobbyist who ran wild during the W. years .
... suspended uneasily somewhere between comedy and drama
Spacey has a field day as the hyper-energetic Abramoff , the former producer of the Dolph Lundgren epic `` Red Scorpion '' who observes that `` Washington is Hollywood with ugly people . ''
Spacey never transforms into the role . The part is tailored to match Spacey 's favorite pastime : Playing Kevin Spacey .
-LSB- H -RSB- ow a bill becomes a law in DC -- a comedy ... Spacey gives the full razzle dazzle of a flamboyant , complex idealist-turned-wheeler dealer ... Lovitz is hilariously serious .
Great fun and strong filmmaking , encapsulating the hubris and self-aggrandizement that marked the career of uber-lobbyist Jack Abramoff .
If being trapped in the dark with a pair of hopped-up con-artists ... for an hour or so is your idea of fun times , then -LSB- this -RSB- might be the perfect unreality show for you .
The movie also hints that it 's OK to be a hypocrite as long as you point out the hypocrisy of others .
Abramoff offers Spacey his most distinct and galvanic character since his highly entertaining take on Lex Luthor in Superman Returns
Though the film is peppered with one-liners tailor-made for Spacey to sling with stinging effect , it does n't so much leave you laughing as just weary , and wishing this were n't a true story at all .
Anyone who 's seen Gibney 's superior version will immediately be struck by how false this fictionalized account feels .
Hickenlooper and Snider are wise to stage Abramoff 's story as political satire , but Casino Jack gets so bogged down trying to explain everything that the jokes , when they come , have no snap .
The Abramoff affair reads like a Hollywood screenplay , but this feature rarely fulfills its promise . Kevin Spacey is fun to watch playing a man by turns cunning , corny and crazy .
Spacey is the reason to see Casino Jack . This movie will stand alongside The Usual Suspects and American Beauty as examples of what the actor is capable of accomplishing when he is properly motivated .
-LSB- T -RSB- his year 's non-fiction treatment of the Jack Abramoff story , Alex Gibney 's Casino Jack and the United States of Money , crackles and engages where this docudrama falls flat .
Somehow manages to make corruption boring .
Spacey seems to think he 's making a comedy -- a good actorly instinct -- but director George Hickenlooper makes the offensive decision to treat Abramoff 's transgressions as more grist for the Bush-grinding mill .
There is something fascinating in seeing a really successful criminal mind doing his thing .
An improbably blithe cautionary tale , recounting the rise and fall of D.C. superlobbyist Jack Abramoff .
Hickenlooper works in brief , vibrant scenes and happy sunshine -- the movie is meant to be a giddy entertainment more than a morality tale , though the giddiness is trailed by an appropriate tug of unease .
The film seems determined to make Jack Abramoff halfway redeemable , a questionable goal given the real-life damage the man wrought , no matter how much the system may have been to blame .
A revisionist history bio-pic , reminiscent of Charlie Wilson 's War , which recasts an arrogant influence-peddler behaving like he 's above the law as merely a bad-boy bon vivant with the best of intentions .
A fast-paced and spunky depiction of the power-plays , greed , corruption , and grandiosity of GOP lobbyist Jack Abramoff , a larger-than-life wheeler-dealer .
Coming just a few months on the heels of Alex Gibney 's Jack Abramoff documentary , director George Hickenlooper 's feature version shellacs rather than shackles its GOP super lobbyist anti-hero .
Embodies the apathy of all those bad liberals who talk about how terrible things are and continue about their day .
Spacey transforms a villain into a mere scoundrel
Compounding matters is an ungainly lead perf by Kevin Spacey , emphasizing superficial cynicism , and George Hickenlooper 's direction , which lacks the bravura necessary to bring the most emblematic episode of recent Washington corruption fully to life .
` Casino Jack ' does an impressive job of displaying Abramoff 's good and bad in an enjoyably matter-of-fact fashion .
Spacey 's splendid in this brisk and engaging portrait of the disgraced Washington lobbyist .
... a sporadically compelling yet lamentably uneven endeavor ...

@highlight

Kevin Spacey turns in one of his stronger performances , but Casino Jack is a disappointingly uneven fictionalized account of a fascinating true story .