The subject is honorable , but this plea for the elderly is too cliche-ridden and manipuative
It 's hard to imagine anyone other than Christopher Plummer taking on the role of Flash Madden .
By the end it 's lost any edge and is as soft and unappealing as a geriatric incontinence pad .
Ambitious , heartfelt but , Plummer 's excellent performance aside , dramatically lightweight and unconvincing .
A fair-to-middling contemporary fantasy drama that , despite its surfeit of flashy effects , is mildly charming in the way it addresses the injustice of old folk having to live out their final years in decrepit homes .
Watchable drama with a strong performance from Christopher Plummer , though the script often feels simplistic and ca n't quite manage the emotional punch the story deserves .
A movie about movies and the people who love them .
This attempt to make a film is about a guy who is attempting to make a film .
Too slight and formulaic to amount to much .
Man In The Chair feels a bit like a high school movie project , which is appropriate since that 's exactly what it 's about .
By salvaging a troubled script with deep , committed , touching portrayals , Plummer and Walsh help prove Schroeder 's points about how Hollywood is n't just the province of the rich , young and pretty .
The movie works so hard at juggling its clichés that it fails to generate interest in its story .
Though they ca n't transcend writer-director Michael Schroeder 's pointed contrivances , the actors tap into something achingly true in this valentine to Hollywood 's below-the-line crafts people and society 's castoffs .
-LSB- An -RSB- elegant documentary .
A film that probably never would n't have seen the light of a projector if it was n't for some kind of `` Let 's get Actor X that long-deserved Oscar '' grab .
If you have to see this film for one reason , see it for Plummer ...
Schroeder 's heart is in the right place , but his cinematic taste is unfortunately elsewhere .
A ramshackle but likeable story
With its flashy , music-video style edits , rock-scored montages and septuagenarian cast , it 's hard to say who , exactly , is the right audience for this unusual comedic drama from director Michael Schroeder .
Once its machinery is humming , it settles into a soothing fable of a last hurrah .
For its first 45 minutes or so , and intermittently thereafter , Michael Schroeder 's Man in the Chair feels , annoyingly , like a film school project .
It 's a cute idea that a better filmmaker than writer-director Michael Schroeder could have done a lot with .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Schroeder peppers scenes with snippets of classic films , and there 's no doubting his deep love of cinema . But the honest truth is that no matter how generous your audience , it 's never a good idea to remind us of other , better movies .
This genuinely moving picture , with its edgy hand-cranked camerawork , represents a remarkable reinvention for a former B-movie maven whose most notable achievement before this was directing an 18-year-old Angelina Jolie in Cyborg 2 .
A modest budgeted comedy-drama about learning life lessons that is sentimentally written and directed by Michael Schroeder .
Surprisingly moving proof that you can take a man out of the movies , but you ca n't take the movies out of the man .
Writer-director Michael Schroeder compulsively references canonical films and books , presumably in the hope that genius rubs off .
A neorealist drama passed through a J-Horror filter .
The old and the young really do have something to say to each other as pictures like this one -LRB- along with ` The Water Horse ' -RRB- tell us with so enjoyably .
At a time when most films wallow in mankind 's basest instincts , Man in the Chair is a rare , once-in-a-blue-moon kind of movie that celebrates the best qualities in people and makes you applaud the human race .
As in Cocoon -LRB- 1985 -RRB- , the emphasis is on sentiment , feel-good and reclaiming the elderly from the scrapheap . But the performances are nowhere near as subtle .
Touching if by-the-numbers .




@highlight

A committed performance from Christopher Plummer ca n't save Man in the Chair 's troubled and cliched script .