In the end , its lack of originality and extremely low sense of humor keep Soul Men down a lot further than it deserves . There 's potential there , but it 's never realized .
Soul Men may get by on novelty , but what novelty !
Be prepared to laugh out loud and move to the music as Soul Men has plenty of both to offer .
Are there two other actors who are able to utter the word ` motherf ** ker ' with such forceful comic authority ? I think not .
The filmmakers chose to go too often to the well , I mean the toilet , for inspiration .
` Soul Men ' is a mediocre film at best , buoyed by the abrasive chemistry of Bernie Mac and Samuel L. Jackson .
Awkwardly sentimental but nevertheless sharply spry in song and sass , Lee 's acid-tongued Soul Men certainly have something to sing about .
Soul Men spins an erratic tune .
Mostly , the film works , due largely to the bickering , grumpy-old-men dynamic between the two leads .
Bernie Mac can say MF too .
Sam Jackson and Bernie Mac look positively pained when they squeeze into Pip-like suits and begin to sing .
Nothing great comedy or drama happens in Soul Men . The pleasure comes in seeing Samuel L. Jackson and the late Bernie Mac do their stuff .
... a bittersweet pleasure thanks to the two stars .
Soul Men could have been so much more .
This may not be a great movie , but I still could n't help falling in love with it .
Considering the canvas the story provides , and the richness of the tradition it taps into , the amount and quality of the music is pretty disappointing .
This one 's only fair , but it has its low-down wiles and its moments .
It is not a perfect film but it is a nice , solid reminder of how great Bernie Mac was .
It really is bittersweet to watch Mac in one of his final performances . He makes the most of pretty average material here .
... a sweet and occasionally funny , but over-amped and limply constructed comedy ...
This is n't the perfect buddy flick , but `` Soul Men '' is a perfectly acceptable tribute to the late Bernie Mack , a talented comedian/actor who died too soon .
A tender , tangy and wild tale in a kooky convergence of music , memory and male bonding blues . And a movie truly about lasting impressions , where you 're very likely to laugh till you cry , when not the other way around .
A definite plus is the sense of nostalgia generated by the movie 's postscript affectionately acknowledging the passing of both Bernie Mac and Isaac Hayes .
Late great Bernie Mac 's last laugh is for adults .
If Jackson and the late Bernie Mac were n't chewing up the scenery in an incessant game of one-upmanship , this might have worked nearly as well -LRB- as The Blues Brothers -RRB- .
Soul Men just does n't find the right rhythms .
what else would you expect from the director that gave us this February 's pinnacle of cinema tripe , Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins ?
This is a perfect example of what happens when you try to combine 2 dramatically different tones into one movie .
A muddled effort that strains to come together .
The movie crams in myriad needless subplots -- ostensibly to provide padding , which only draws attention to how thin the original story really is .
The flick is nothing special but it is a great light for Bernie Mac to go out on . He was able to be as filthy as possible .
What keeps this medium-grade formula picture from coming to a complete stop are the precious crumbs of genuinely funny comedic banter between well-paired stars Samuel Jackson and Bernie Mac .
In spite of its title , the film has precious little soul , but its real offense is being Mac 's final on screen credit .
` Soul Men ' is not only a tribute to Mac and Hayes , but the film is also funny , often outrageously crude , and pleasurable .
Unfortunately , -LSB- it 's -RSB- not good enough to make up for the unnecessary proliferation of Viagra humor , rectal-exam jokes and comedy at the expense of women .
Bernie Mac 's penultimate feature is a soul movie with genuine heart , a crowd-pleasing comedy that leans more heavily toward laughs for the majority of the running time , yet still manages to draw the viewer in with a slightly more earnest subplot .
Samuel L. Jackson continues his tradition of inventive facial hair in Soul Men . And his tradition of appearing in movies unworthy of his talent .
While it 's a shamelessly mediocre movie , it 's not mediocre in the usual ways .
Soul Men has a lot to overcome in its effort to be funny . The pall over it can be ignored only intermittently , at least for the time being .
The only good reason to see the otherwise dismal comedy Soul Men is to have a look at the late actor and comedian Bernie Mac in one of his final screen roles .
So why is this film worth seeing ? Because it 's an ideal showcase for Mac 's peerless comic chops .
Director Lee bets everything on chemistry , and gets a decent pay-off from the casting of Jackson and Bernie Mac .
Soul Men casts the best possible leads in the worst possible movie .
We 've heard this tune before .
Sort of a riff on The Sunshine Boys with hints of Dreamgirls , about all Malcolm D. Lee 's relentlessly crass comedy has going for it are some amusing Motown-ish numbers and the chemistry between Mac and his real-life friend Samuel L. Jackson .
It grieves me to report that Bernie Mac 's posthumous movie release , Soul Men , hardly does the great comedian justice .
Ultimately , Soul Men achieves modest goals comedically and soars high musically , and it deserves credit for that .
That Soul Men proves an entertaining-enough diversion has less to do with the pedestrian screenplay and direction than the high-wattage , crowd-pleasing showmanship of Mac and co-star Samuel L. Jackson .
Mac and Jackson clearly have such a blast singing and dancing you ca n't help but feel their groove . The rest of the movie should have jived as well .
Bernie Mac 's death does n't make Soul Men any better , but it may make it worth seeing .
There 's a raunchy energy to Soul Men that can not be denied . Even if the film is derivative , predictable , visibly low-budget and crude , it 's also darn funny a good deal of the time .
There 's nothing here you have n't seen before , but the genuine and infectious chemistry between Mr. Jackson and Mr. Mac and the irresistible energy of their performances is more than enough to give the movie real heft and momentum .
Mac was a magnetic performer with a long history of redeeming mediocre movies ; unfortunately this is another one .
Samuel L. Jackson and Bernie Mac appear to be having a good time , and for most of this raunchy , poorly orchestrated buddy comedy , that 's enough .
When it succeeds , it 's because of Mac and Jackson , two performers who give their all even when the material is measly .
Instead of establishing a consistent comic rhythm , Mac and Jackson spend most of the film 's 103-minute runtime yelling at each other .
It 's the script and not Floyd that needs a shot of Viagra .
Parental Content Review
Another one of those movies that should have stayed the course with the comedy , instead of steering into the iceberg known as drama
Mac could have wished for better for his final film , but this is a picture about entertainers and damned if he is n't one
This is not just one of the worst movies of the year -LRB- which it would have been whether Mac and Hayes were still alive or not -RRB- but one of the most depressing movie-related experiences that I can recall having in a long time .
If the Weinsteins had any soul themselves they would take this film and bury it along with every other film they seem to these days instead of trying to cash it in as some misbegotten tribute to Bernie Mac 's legacy .
It 'd be a step up if we could call this a poor Odd Couple knockoff , but it 's not even that good : it 's more like a juvenile grossout comedy for oldsters ...
Too many of the jokes rely on bad language and gratuitously outrageous behavior . Jackson and Mac have moments together that add some fun and even a little bit of soul .
No matter what else is going on in Soul Men , it 's difficult not to be moved by the posthumous performances of Bernie Mac and Isaac Hayes
The only laugh in this demeaning film filled with vulgar language is unintended ; the amateurish scene trying to hide the fact that neither Jackson nor Mac can dance .
All told , Soul Men is not much of a legacy for Mac or anyone else , but he 's sporadically endearing in the role .
Soul Men has soul , but expects too much of its charismatic stars .
a fitting accolade to a fallen funnyman
Soul Men is a raucous , rambling comedy , offering some laughs , some groans and a feast for fans of the musical idioms it mocks and celebrates .
It does n't sound like the likeliest pairing , but it works surprisingly well . Samuel L. Jackson and the late Bernie Mac make a winning duo in the bawdy buddy road-trip picture Soul Men .
Anyone who had affection for the late Bernie Mac would have a hard time not enjoying his last performance , no matter how cliched and trite this buddy road movie is .
A tribute to a musical era gone by as well as Mac 's career , Soul Men is highly imperfect but also hugely enjoyable .
Fans of Bernie Mac wo n't want to miss his final screen performance . Everyone else need not bother .
Though this is far from Mac 's most memorable work , his appealing performance will undoubtedly remind the audience how much he 'll be missed .
Soul Men is pure mediocrity .
A funny picture , just not a consistent one , starting Bernie Mac 's good-bye tour on a delightfully rowdy note , while reminding the viewer that as hilarious a man as he was , Mac had lousy taste in screenplays .
Soul Men is a chance to salute these masters of mirth and music . Take it .
No one could accuse Soul Men of originality -- it cribs liberally from countless buddy films and road movies -- but it offers enough energy and humor to overcome its shortcomings .
There are moments of comedic fire that justify the presence of the two stars in the film , and us in the theater .
You want a good time ? Soul Men will provide it . You want to say goodbye to Bernie Mac ? He wants to say goodbye to you .
Soul Men is a raucous send-off for the late Bernie Mac , a gleefully profane take on the road-trip movie that earns its R rating early and often .
Crude and unfunny ... less fitting tribute than major disappointment .
This tale of old pros quickly turns into amateur hour , with comedic hijinks way , way below the sort of situations these two vets should have to deal with .
Jackson and Mac click . They 're perfectly believable as ` funk comrades ' from back in the day , polyester princes reduced to asking for the AARP discount when they hit hotels they once trashed in the best rock-star tradition .
Soul Men is the most disappointing tribute to black pop music since the OutKast movie Idlewild .
It 's just another grumpy-old-men grousefest with a gooey center , like The Sunshine Boys or The Bucket List . Even its musical nostalgia comes off as more concocted than felt .
-LRB- Mac -RRB- uses his comedic talents to the best of his ability , leaving a lasting impression for the audience to cherish and take home with them .
The plot outline for Soul Men could fit comfortably on a single note card , with room left over for a grocery list and a few phone numbers .
The late Bernie Mac scores big laughs in this raucous , music-filled comedy .
Cannibalizes both the Stax/Motown era of soul music and the shopworn road movie with an equal lack of freshness .
There 's a nice chemistry between Mac and Samuel L. Jackson in this latest variant of the road movie , which contains comedic elements but actually works better as a drama .
A combination road movie , musical excursion , and comedy is marred by the tedious bickering of the two lead characters .
Bernie Mac 's last film before his untimely death is a let-it-rip irreverent comedy invested with Bernie 's trademark brand of earthy humor .





@highlight

Soul Men features lively performances from Bernie Mac and Samuel L. Jackson and some hilarious moments , but ultimately suffers from an unoriginal script .