If you 're in the mood for dumb , rousing , visceral excitement , you 're not going to find anything on the big screen right now to rival it .
There is an intelligent movie to be made about Spartan warrior culture , but 300 is not it . It is a fun ride , though , as long as you do n't see it on a full stomach .
Our instinctual desire to sneer at the implausibility of the story is stalled by a sense of ambition that seems unmatched even by the standards of the Hollywood assembly line .
So manly it makes Troy look like a Mary-Kate and Ashley adventure .
Wallowing in the same adolescent nihilism as his Sin City , this adaptation of Frank Miller 's graphic novel suffers from a similar lack of momentum .
As the first blockbuster of the year , 300 sets the bar high enough , and is enjoyably silly .
Despite a cracking central premise and outstanding visuals , 300 ultimately leaves you feeling more gutted than some of the disemboweled soldiers on display throughout the movie .
If 300 represents an evolution in ` virtual ' cinema , then at the same time it tells a story that transports us back to the violent roots of western civilisation .
Awesome !
Visually thrilling and viscerally satisfying .
Asscrack-ugly
-LSB- Snyder -RSB- twists the brawn and battle into a cartoonish FX extravaganza with severed body parts and globules of blood flying across the screen .
300 is a fun-fest of blood , mayhem , and absurdity . At its best , it is entertaining ; when it 's not at its best , it 's pretty dumb . It 's pretty dumb much of the time .
300 has one-dimensional caricatures who talk like professional wrestlers plugging their next feud .
Zack Snyder 's film version of the graphic novel by Frank Miller and Lynn Varley may look like the greatest music video ever made ; whether or not it is a decent feature film is another question altogether .
This is death and war as ancient poets might have imagined it , glorious and provocative ... 300 is a powerhouse actioner .
All this bellowing and testosterone gets old fast -- especially since there 's not much of a plot outside of the combat scenes , and the not-much-of-a-plot scenes are laden with dialogue worthy of Anakin and Padmé .
The look and feel of this historic battle is perfect for the virtual backgrounds and obscene violence . Again , trust me on the violence .
300 is an orgy of gore , a blood-letting on a titanic scale , a ballet of butchery in which half-naked men and the torrents of blood they elicit move in perfect , slow-motion choreography to a thunderous soundtrack . And I loved every minute of it .
Machismo , thy name is Sparta !
I still wish David Wenham were n't the narrator , but everything else about the movie is a brutal kind of hypnotic that keeps me coming back .
Bloody , fanboyish retelling of an ancient battle .
A typical stupid action movie , with an extra dollop of stupid on the side .
It would now seem that the notebook drawings of troubled teenage boys have been elevated to the status of `` high art '' . God save us all .
While far from sophisticated in its ` I have filled my heart with hate ' messaging , it resonates with the ` us versus them ' worldview that 's wildly popular in some circles .
300 is poorly-executed , bare-bones storytelling that is hoping and praying no one notices . I did .
An overwrought , revved-up , and deeply silly symphony of clanging steel and spurting blood .
... relentless in its attempt to recreate the graphic novel 's vision of the carnage at Thermopylae .
While the film is stunning to look at , the added scenes and scenery-devouring acting fall flat .
This is a flick for guys , so grab a few beers , pull up a chair and have a blast ...
Estupendamente fotografiada , actuada en su justa dimensión y visualmente atractiva , 300 representa un buen ejercicio fílmico que no pasará a la historia pero que se puede disfrutar , preferentemente , en una pantalla de cine .
film koji % u0107e gledateljima omogu % u0107iti da se na trenutak odmore od ponekad uistinu iritiraju % u0107e `` politi % u010Dke korektnosti ''
its hackneyed dialogue and ridiculous bluster rank it a little lower than any of a handful of old gladiator movies made for a fraction of the price .
An overabundance of style accenting a substance-deprived story .
Despite all the visual trickery and slick filmmaking , it ca n't really hide that underneath is a vehicle as clunky , empty and vacuous as a mediocre comic adaptation
un produit surchargé dont on se délecte niaisement pendant près de deux heures pour ensuite passer à autre chose
full review in Greek
Hey , if Frank Miller 's `` Sin City '' was too tame for you , aybe `` 300 '' will give you enough bloodshed .
A hugely satisfying thrill ride , with superb writing , competent acting , and exemplary cinematography , no matter how it was generated .
In this handsome pantomime , the performances are not what we are watching .
It 's an enjoyable two hours .
Como adaptación de un cómic al cine , 300 es visualmente impactante . Pero una vez que uno se acostumbra queda sólo la historia , y allí no hay nada nuevo , original , ni sorprendente .
It is violent enough to make you shudder and close enough to fascist art to make your skin crawl .
The Spartan soldiers , carrying shields like dustbin lids and spears like park railings , have shiny rippling bodies , wear black leather Speedos and short red cloaks , and seem to be responding to an invitation to a fancy-dress party at a gay New York club .
Reduces the violence of battle to cartoonish proportions that make the film as a whole much less involving than it should be .
The thing about 300 is its visual style , after all , and this is where the film 's real stars shine
Moralmente repreensível e narrativamente frágil . Ainda assim , é um filme contagiante cuja beleza plástica chega quase a compensar por todos os seus demais problemas .
The hyper-real blue screen and the moral complexity of root veg remains faithful to Miller . But you ca n't help feeling this could have had more to say about war than `` come join the party ! '' .
300 is an impressive spectacle , but after so much fighting and self-important speechifying , I just wanted them to get it over with and die .
A muscle-magazine fantasy crossed with a video game and an Army recruiting film .
This graphic novel turned action thriller is definite empty-headed fun .
This is a gorgeously designed , impressively directed and action-packed swords-and-sandals flick , even if the fascist overtones and the shouting gets a bit much after a while .
Apart from anything else , the idea of America having the Spartans ' underdog status is not plausible .
There 's so much testosterone pumping through the new film 300 that the screen seems to sweat the male hormone .
Visually stunning , thoroughly belligerent and as shallow as a pygmy 's paddling pool , this is a whole heap of style tinged with just a smidgen of substance .
Ancient history may be Greek to me , but 300 packages it like a Happy Meal -- bloated with empty calories and too much cheese but still very tasty . Boy toys included .
300 was as pathetically puerile as I had expected .
What we have is a vulgar and over - dramatic retelling of the Battle of Thermopylae . But as vulgar and over-dramatic retellings of history go , this one is not bad .
... some rousing battles and an aura of the misty , unreachable past that few movies can even hint at .
Silly , stylish , and entertaining .
Contains some wow moments visually , but little else .
Call it an attempt to jumpstart our imagination or a metaphoric map to rediscovering our inner joy , but 300 is built for spectacle , not scholarship .
It 's not a film I have a lot of affection for and it 's not one I 'm eager to see again , but I appreciate the skill with which the movie was made .
As silly as it is stylish ...
A film whose primary purpose is to entertain the male ego .
The devotion to sameness means that a disappointing subplot involving Gorgo is set off awkwardly : she does n't fit aesthetically the rest of the tableau .
It might have been one of the great all-time mad , bad movies but for one thing - it 's just sooo boring .
Taken on it 's own terms - as Greek myth meets Looney Tunes - it 's kind of a masterpiece .
Snyder 's take is n't a transcendent epic , rather , an entertaining comic book one .
Zack Snyder has created one of the most stylish and intense comic book movies ever made-period .
... a movie that wishes it were a ` rated M for mature ' video game .
It helps nothing that the movie is also so very , very hilarious . Deliciously , gloriously , unintentionally hilarious .
By Zeus , where do I sign up for the Crusades ?
Depersonalizes the major players to such a degree that one ends up feeling more sympathy for the shields that end up receiving the brunt of the sword blows and arrow piercings .
A good bargain , in that you get exactly what they promise , but only that . But if that 's what you want , man , you wo n't be disappointed .
Worst of all , it 's a phony spectacle . It 's less like watching a movie than it 's like watching a parade of production-design sketches flow across the screen .
While the film is an inspired bit of production design , ingeniously conceived and skillfully crafted , what it ultimately lacks in its final , sweeping gestures is any sense of gravity .
Every few years , a film comes along that epitomizes what it means to be cool . The Matrix earned that honor in 1999 . 300 earns it now .
' 300 ' delivers what legions of moviegoers are looking for -- sure-handed , confident , blustery filmmaking , done mainly on computer .
` I am the God-King , ' said Xerxes , ` and I have the gold-encrusted Speedo and the encyclopedic knowledge of the lyrics of Guys and Dolls to prove it ! '
Whatever your reason for going into 300 , I ca n't imagine leaving it very excited by what you get . I can imagine being excited by the prospect of leaving -- for me , the end credits of 300 rolled up on the screen with the comforting shock of a parole notice
A film that 's full of violence and testosterone and fills in the story holes with gorgeous slaughter . But is n't that what the trailers promised ?
Until the wheels come off , 300 has about it a certain lean , alien quality .
Essentially a stylish comic book-style remake of a 1962 movie , The 300 Spartans .
How much cooler is a storyteller 's epic tale when you can watch all the embellishments ? After viewing 300 , your answer may be ` infinitely . '
A monochromatic , testosterone-sodden cross of Gladiator and Sin City strictly for the bloodlust demographic .
A landmark motion picture , a spectacular visual feast that is as inventive and groundbreaking as ` The Matrix ' .
This is not your father 's sword and sandals epic ; it 's more like your teenage brother 's video game .
There 's such a crushing rush of testosterone on display in `` 300 , '' those who turn out to see it might leave the theater with an unexpected surprise -- male pattern baldness . But do n't fret . It 's such a lightweight , the effects will be gone by morning .
The film is little more than a colorfully stylish , throwaway epic , and there is absolutely nothing wrong with something that simply aims to be populist entertainment .
Apart from its pro-war propaganda , that comes in the form of unrelenting voice-over narration , `` 300 '' is a dog of a movie where cookie-cutter CGI battle scenes show thirty actors pretending to fight to the death .
Part of the fascination of the Thermopylae story is that it really happened , and it helped define real heroism . There 's nothing remotely like reality to be had in this film .
As to this pumped-up spectacle 's other aims , it 's anybody 's guess : selling gladiatorial chest-beating as beefcake erotica ? Combining a movie and its own video-game spin-off into one package ? Being both a dessert topping and a floor wax ?
300 explodes off the screen in IMAX . It is the only way to see this epic picture .
That brings us back to the battle sequences and the visuals , and let me tell you , they are everything you are expecting and more .
The kids just want to have fun . Many of them will . But what does that say about another Greek contribution -- Western civilization ?
If it 's comic books you want , you 'll love this look at Spartans versus Persians . Even better in IMAX , but do n't expect much story to go along with the sound and fury .
The movie swings back and forth from awesome to awful so regularly and rapidly that it 's like a jai alai match .
If the movie 's neocon message is as thin as a politician 's excuse , that 's to be expected . But what 's surprising here is that the sights are just as meagre .
The picture achieves a heightened , painterly quality in its imagery . Also artistic is the fight choreography , where assured control of slow motion and other speed effects achieve a balletic rhythm in battle .
Instead of `` Prepare for Glory ! '' it should be `` Prepare for Gory ! '' It 's a vividly stylized , spectacular , uber-violent video game .
You never forget that you 're watching a movie , but that 's very much part of the point .
You do n't go to Hooters for the chicken wings - no matter what you might tell your wife - and you 're not going to 300 for the plot nuances .
Filled from first frame to last with images that are meant to burn themselves into your memory and force you to tell your friends about what you just saw .
Like a Hong Kong ` pistol opera ' only without any pistols , or shirts . I guess it 's more of a ` nipple opera ' .
Primally , 300 has a grunting , gut impact ... Primarily , it 's constructed of fudged history and creative slaughtering , making it a somewhat disturbing American busman 's holiday .
To hell with historical accuracy . What 's required , but lacking , is the invocation of a butt-kicking right to continuously top itself . Artful decapitations , but a too-serious head on its shoulders .
I feel comfortable enough in my masculinity to say that if I had to stand in the presence of these men for more than ten seconds , I 'd spontaneously grow a pair of ovaries .
Once the Spartans start cracking jokes while finishing off opponents with spears , 300 starts to wobble .
History is inconveniently complex . And so we get Frank Miller 's version , in which everything is simplified to the point of porridge .
One of the casualties of all this digital-effects wizardry is a sense of emotional immediacy . There 's a conspicuously remote quality to much of the movie that drains the film of the visceral energy it so desperately needs to make an impact .
The story is told with respectable adherence to the known facts , and presents a riveting and uniquely stylized portrait of a very bloody age .
Keeping in mind Slate 's Mickey Kaus ' Hitler Rule -- never compare anything to Hitler -- it is n't a stretch to imagine Adolf 's boys at a 300 screening , heil-fiving each other throughout and then lining up to see it again .
Watching 300 , there 's the arresting sense of eavesdropping on another time .
It 's impossible not to be moved by its nearly nonstop visual assault .
It 's most definitely a Spartan movie , yet it 's really all about wretched excess .
The stylized action , set to crunching guitar riffs , feels suffocating in its artificiality . Dialogue , taken mostly verbatim from Miller , comes cribbed from T-shirt slogans -LRB- real men wear crimson ! -RRB- and Bruce Springsteen songs -LRB- no retreat , no surrender ! -RRB- .
It may not be by-the-book history -- a relative term in any event , when discussing the ancients whose worldview embraced men , gods and monsters -- but what a spectacle !
300 is just a silly , yet melodramatic , cliched , comic-book version of Gladiator with Frank Miller art direction .
Does the film stay faithful to the Miller and Varley 's vision ? Indeed it does -- to a kunch !
For once , the Larry King quote machines who supply the advance blurbs to the studio for their marketing campaigns will be correct .
The fascinating , fetishized battle scenes of 300 leave as many questions on the ground as drops of blood .
Snyder gives his movie the encompassing look and feel of a graphic novel . Perhaps because he shot the actors in front of digitally concocted backgrounds , Snyder is able to sustain an otherworldly quality that perfectly suits the movie 's lurid material .
Spartan spears shatter bone , break necks and cause blood to spurt like Jackson Pollack blobs thrown against an empty canvass , the men who fearlessly hold them remain frustrating one-dimensional enigmas .
-LSB- Gerard Butler 's character -RSB- charisma is elusive . He vigorously enunciates like a summer stock player doing Shakespeare . But the writing 's overblown . And locating the requisite sorrow in this tale of heroism is an afterthought for Snyder and co. .
It is excessively , cheerfully violent -- and it is gorgeous to behold . It looks like the world 's most sophisticated and expensive video game , and I mean that in a good way .
Zack Snyder adapts Frank Miller 's sparse graphic novel about the Battle of Thermopylae with the same devoted verve that Robert Rodriguez brought to Sin City .
The film 's concerns , like those of Miller 's book , are narrow : It wants only to submerge you in a sea of heroic brutality . It does just that one thing , but it does it with feverish expertise .
Coming soon to a football camp , police academy , military base , neocon assembly and jihadist cell near you : ' 300 , ' a motivational celebration of the ` no retreat , no surrender ' ancient Spartans that disdains cut-and-run senators ...
With filmmaking both epic and imaginative , 300 is the stuff that legends are made of .
Every complaint that 's ever been made about comic books or comic book adaptations is accurate when applied to 300 .
While the standard complaint might be about the surfeit of blood spilled , the real problem is n't so much the gore that gets splattered around in 300 as its lack of effect - it 's all antiseptic and pretty .
' 300 ' would have been a truly Olympian feat if it had characters that were as finely wrought as the images .
... the movie suggests not only -LSB- Frank -RSB- Miller 's graphic novel , but the equally compelling fantasy art of Frank Frazetta .
I 'll be in the minority on this , but I just saw a film where 300 guys stood up to an army of thousands , so I 'm feeling bold .
Ironically , the computer effects make it so clean , so ballet-like , so unrealistic . Battles should be chaotic and messy , not choreographed like an MGM musical .
Artistically triumphant in its arresting visual spectacle . Undoubtedly , the hyperactive male psyche for violent-induced petulance is proudly on display in the extravagant 300
I had two thoughts : -LRB- 1 -RRB- this looks really cool -- it 's visually composed very well ; and -LRB- 2 -RRB- it makes me think of a chain-combo from the video game God of War .
Marked by spectacularly excessive visuals , with warfare transformed into a beautiful ballet of blood .
While the overall look of the movie is quite dissimilar to Frank Miller 's Sin City , it 's still very much in line with his beautiful artwork . With the help of a heap of CGI , Snyder does an astonishing job of bringing a hyper-reality to believable fruition .
After a while , all of the excess , however glorious , just gets , well , excessive ... By the end , I did n't know which I wanted more : a cigarette , or , like , a whole bottle of aspirin .
It 's got loads of action , stunning visuals and more testosterone than fraternity row . It 's a spectacle to behold .
Every piercing , slashing and beheading is front and center forming the kind of orgiastic tango of bloodletting that would have Peckinpah offering Zack Snyder a cigar .
If you 're the type who applauds decapitation , your hands are going to be raw from cheering while watching 300 . This movie is about the decapitations , severed limbs and blood splattering all over the screen . Yet , it works .
So militaristic and single-minded that it 's like a CGI-heavy blockbuster version of Triumph of the Will .
The heavily stylized compositions , balletic , blood-gushing violence , and wave after wave of different styles of marauders at times feel more like a video game than a movie .
far more original than I thought possible
300 , even with its impressive vistas of computer-generated soldiers , is just a throwaway epic .
A giddily gory , supercharged comic book that is , for action-movie fans , one money shot after another .
both outrageously gory and gorgeous at the same time ... the sort of movie in which one man solemnly tells another , ` I have filled my heart with hate , ' and his friend immediately replies , ` Good ! '
300 is about as subtle as a spear through the head . But it 's also shamelessly entertaining , and not a bad way to make time move a little faster .
CGI fans are going to love 300 , as will the fanboys who get a goodly dose of the gratuitous sex , nudity and ultra-violent combat that they hope for .
300 is about as violent as Apocalypto and twice as stupid .
It also pits millions of fans of brainless violence against a gallant band , or so I choose to think of us , who still expect movies to contain detectable traces of humanity .
Wholesale human slaughter never looked so pretty as in this heavily stylized rendering of the battle of Thermopylae in ancient Greece .
If forgiven some fan-boy pandering and homophobia , `` 300 '' is a magnificent spectacle and testament to heroic sacrifice in the name of freedom .
A mythic ode to righteous bellicosity . In at least one way , the film is true to the ethos of ancient Greece : It conflates moral excellence and physical beauty -LRB- which , in this movie , means being young , white , male , and fresh from the gyms of Brentwood -RRB- .
The film is also quite action-heavy , which turns out to be its saving grace . The lengthy and rousing battle scenes are enough to outweigh most of the clunkier aspects ... sometimes just barely .
300 may be the Guy Movie to end all Guy Movies .
Snyder , needless to say , is completely on board with Miller 's conception of Thermopylae as one - fifth history , four-fifths something that looks cool .
300 is one breathtaking digi-tableau after another . But the dialogue is a joke , the performances have more to do with bodybuilding than character , and the lesson that the film imparts is n't anything to do with courage and military skill .
Unless you like human shish kabob , do n't spring forward . Fall back .
Snyder 's 300 certainly has its share of the latest toys , but they make for a better coming-attractions trailer than a full-length theatrical film .
Just about everything in this pea-brained epic is overscaled and overwrought -- it 's a cartoon trying to be a towering triptych . The dissonance between the film 's heroic ambitions and its grindingly coarse treatment is rather amusing .
An assured visual stunner , full of sumptuous and grisly visions of an era past yet that still never existed .
The result is a delirious , turbo-charged roar of a movie that plays like Spartacus on bizarre drugs .
A big-screen adaptation of Men 's Health and Fitness magazine , 300 is about as involving as sitting in front of a video game demo at Best Buy .
Neither history nor cinema is especially well served by 300 , which is , nonetheless , a remarkable intersection of technology and imagination .
You could n't say the script by Snyder , Kurt Johnstad and Michael Gordon is profound or historically true , but it provides a sturdy skeleton for the archetypal story and extraordinary special effects .
It 's a fireworks show in the daytime , Christmas presents on December 26th , and porn without the penetration .
It is undeniably exciting and awe-inspiring ; but it also lacks a sense of tactile warmth , a crucial core of reality .
There 's a stale , synthetic airlessness about the movie . Imagine a large cast trapped in a series of spectacular screensavers . It could be ancient Greece . It could be somebody 's hard drive .
In the end , 300 's visual splendors do n't give moviegoers anything to hang onto other than a batch of snappy images of extreme carnage .
It is too dumb as drama , even as war spectacle , to be transporting , frightening or sickening . Just numbing .
In creating the ultimate movie for sword-and-sandal blood-spatter fetishists , director Zack Snyder scores on the spectacle side -- 300 looks amazing -- but his mechanical story line and over-the-top melodramatics do n't support the action .
Visually arresting and wildly cut together , 300 is -LRB- despite its well-earned R-rating -RRB- precisely the kind of movie that turns 14-year-old boys into ravenous movie geeks .
The disconnect between the human actors and the digital backgrounds is more pronounced here ... Because classic Hollywood cinema is so rich with epic images of antiquity , this ca n't help but seem chintzy .
It 's kind of a ghastly hoot , and while I suppose it does no harm , it also contributes nothing . It 's a guilty unpleasantness .
The movie should 've been called Ode to a Grecian Ab .
300 is at its best when it settles for purely visceral thrills .
It is a wall-to-wall canvas of expressionist ultraviolence .
Not since Mario Bava 's Hercules in the Haunted World has Greco-Roman movie-house mythmaking been so thoroughly well-conceived and executed .
This long-winded macho man-athon becomes less of an epic tale of heroism than a contest for who can make his pecs the shiniest .
A full-blooded , testosterone-spiked shot glass that you down in one ferocious sitting .
The hilariously bombastic story about the ancient Battle of Thermopylae is very much like spending two hours watching someone play a video game .
Put bluntly , the movie 's just too darned silly to withstand any ideological theorizing . And ` silly ' is invoked here , more or less , with affection .
Call 300 the New Age sword-and-sandal epic -- a Hercules movie for the computer age .
Undeniably impressive on a visual level , the film is considerably more prosaic in terms of plotting and acting .
This is one of those ur-stories that actually feels like a slice of ancient wonder and grandeur ...
There is so much slow motion that if they had run the entire film at normal speed , it would have been half as long .
Months before its release 300 already was revered by those who consider it a magnificent achievement for a live-action film to look exactly like a video game . Forgive me , but I do n't see that as a reason to celebrate .
If anyone wanted to persuade vulnerable young minds to enter the maw of battle , 300 would make a heck of a recruitment video .
... a perfect combination of moral wrongheadedness and inept filmmaking . On any level beyond the pictorial , Snyder makes clunky Cecil B. DeMille epics like The Ten Commandments look positively deft .
I honestly do n't see how you can not like this movie . Go see this movie . You will not be disappointed .
300 blends bloody violence , sensuality , brutality , and moments of true beauty into an intoxicatingly unconventional film experience .
Nonstop action from beginning to end , 300 is a film that starts off in high gear and does n't slow down .
Made me long for the days when epics were photographed with the beauty and clarity of Lawrence of Arabia , Ben-Hur and Spartacus .
I ca n't imagine another film coming out this year that will beat these 300 in the art department .
Director Zack Snyder is a visual genius - of that I 'm sure - and 300 is very much a movie John Milius could love .
300 is a movie blood-drunk on its own artful excess . Guys of all ages and sexes wo n't be able to resist it .
Despite the fantastic visuals , action and sometimes rousing story , the needle flickers between grandiose and laughable -- in part because the film takes itself sooo relentlessly , slow-motion , music-swellin ' , see-you-in-hell seriously .
The battle sequences are filled with grotesque spectacle : They start off entertainingly ferocious , then grow numbing with stylized spraying blood and severed heads .
when it works , it is both ferocious and mesmerizing . Butler 's performance is never less than visceral
A primeval , elegant , music video . Plot & dialogue are unstable , wavering from occasionally powerful to just as often weak and cliché . Leads perform admirably .
This is dazzle for the head , not the heart .
300 is more about the fighting and less about the story or character development ...
300 is rated R for ` RAAAAAR ! ' and is about as inspirational as Field of Dreams multiplied by Mr. Smith Goes to Washington , plus infinity .
300 may not offer masterful storytelling in a conventional sense , but it 's hard to beat as a spectacle and that makes it worthwhile viewing for all but the most squeamish of potential audience members .
300 is an erotic spectacle for men -LRB- straight and gay apparently -RRB- and this demographic should bask in the bombastic grandeur of discourse , domination and decapitations .
300 Spartans with pecs on a wall ...
Zack Snyder invests loads of visual style into this adaptation of Frank Miller 's now-classic graphic novel ... but there 's not much going on underneath the gorgeous surface .
Its themes and visual splendor demonstrably trump the sometimes-ludicrous bombast accompanying them .
The movie finds its unique look in replicating the source 's water colour images within a mostly live action universe . It 's a visual novelty that wears off before 300 reaches its half point .
Fills a much-needed gap between gay porn and recruitment film .
Frankly , it 's the slavish , frame-by-frame devotion to Miller 's source material that 's the problem . That explains both the risible screenplay and why the movie , for all its liberation from the real world , never takes full-winged flight .
Sensational . A masculine revelry . Makes every other action movie look like girls playing with dolls .
It 's like Fight Club without the tongue-in-cheek satire , cribbing from Gladiator , Braveheart , and every videogame that ever concluded a level with a giant boss battle .
Fanboys may embrace its wanton carnage , he-man heroics and bombastic dialogue , but 300 really belongs on a PlayStation rather than in a theatre .
I preferred Gerard Butler as the Phantom of the Opera , did n't you ? But he was just dandy here as well .
Snyder 's depiction of the ancient Battle of Thermopylae , in which 300 Spartans fought off a much larger Persian army , is so over-the-top it 's laughable -- so self-serious , it 's hard to take seriously .
In between all the blood and guts , 300 's careful costuming and sensuous style is intensely erotic .
The first must-see movie of 2007 .
Snyder perfectly captures the look and feel of Miller 's original work with a movie that 's fun , exciting and sick without ever losing sight of the story or characters .
Zack Snyder fulfills the promise he showed in Dawn of the Dead with a vivid , colorful saga about the heroic Spartans that 's just as visionary as Sin City but is also more entertaining .
A blustery , bombastic , visually arresting account of the Battle of Thermopylae as channeled through the rabid imagination of graphic novelist Frank Miller .
Frank Miller 's graphic novel about an ancient Greek battle comes to vivid life .
Director Zack Snyder adapts Frank Miller 's graphic novel with passion and creativity , proving that classical storytelling will never go out of style .



@highlight

A simple-minded but visually exciting experience , full of blood , violence , and ready-made movie quotes .