American Reunion might be a good film - even hilarious . Unfortunately , it is impossible to judge it properly because it 's been butchered by the censors .
Character growth ? Marginal . Story twists ? None whatsoever . Predictability ? You betcha . Does it matter ? Not at all . So sit back , relax , enjoy and laugh .
Its a rare thing for a fourth movie to be the best in a series . American Reunion made me laugh even harder than the original did .
One thing that has n't changed at all in the past decade is the series ' trademark mix of raunchy humor and heart-on-sleeve sentiment , and American Reunion is every bit as delightfully disgusting and crass as any of these movies have ever been .
With dated jokes and a slew of unfunny scenes , this comedy fails to live up to its predecessors .
American Reunion is of the funniest movies of the year . The filmmakers and cast captured what made the original so great while making you forget the spinoffs . Fans of the original wo n't be disappointed .
By the end , viewers will likely be ready for another slice of some American Pie before another decade has passed .
The cast are more likely to attend rehab than the Oscars ... but despite my scathing preconceptions , American Reunion is actually pretty funny .
American Pie : Reunion does exactly what 's expected of it , no more , no less - it 's less a fresh slice of pie and more of a re-bake .
American Reunion is the worst slice of pie yet . All of the jokes are ten years too old and none of the serious dramatic turns amounts to anything .
Points for consistency , I guess , on the part of Harold & Kumar creators Jon Hurwitz and Hayden Schlossberg .
Tries so hard to be this generation 's The Big Chill that the very reason why it exists - sexy , gross out , adolescent fun - feels thoroughly out of place .
American Reunion is one last slice of pie worth having . It 's a tasty treat to the many fans who made this franchise what it is .
A nice slice to finish the pie .
As a postscript to the arc of the first three films , it 's a fittiingly funny and surprisingly sweet coda .
A consistently enjoyable and often laugh-out-loud crowd-pleaser .
It 's simply an excuse to repeatedly rehash the kind of explicit gag which simply was n't needed in the original 1999 movie .
SIt 's reassuring to see that Suvari -LRB- wooden -RRB- and Reid -LRB- flat -RRB- can still find work that does n't involve wearing a hairnet and a name tag .
The jokes are old and the guys are older , but it 's big-hearted entertainment that does need some previous character investment to catch all the nods .
Some things they do better over there . Some things they should n't do over here at all .
After this reunion the only kindly option is retirement .
The guys are back and attending a high-school reunion , but not much has changed . That is not a good thing .
There are a few gags . But inevitably , the guys wind up sentimentally telling each other they should do this every year . Please no .
The old bittersweet tone is gone , replaced by the sickly sweet and the downright tasteless .
Like the Hangover movies , only with nice guys .
-LSB- T -RSB- he American Pie ... remain as fixedly bland as ever , and so their latest ... cinematic outing can hope to be in the least bit ` appealing ' only by trotting out the same tedious sitcom blend of crude vulgarity and sappy sentiment .
Like most reunions , it intersperses the horror of recognition with effortfully winsome gestures at nostalgia .
A weirdly touching , totally vile , nostalgic treat .
Watchable sequel that gets by on strong comic performances and the audience 's inbuilt affection for its likeable characters , but is also fairly light on laughs overall and there are several missed opportunities .
Little more than a roll call of worn-out punchlines and situational non sequiturs .
Enjoy this helping and here 's to seeing the gang back again when they 're 50 , suitably crusty and crumbly .
Outside of porn , there has never been a movie with so many shots of grown men eyeing teenage girls ' backsides . The result is fitfully amusing but more often just creepy .
Shamelessly sentimental , but because of its emotional honesty , this slice of pie - hopefully the last - is satisfying to the final bite .
It 's a treasure to revisit a place with so many fond memories , even if the memories are n't technically real ... or ours .
Another serving of the American sex comedy series back by popular demand , allegedly .
It 's occasionally entertaining to have these characters back in our lives , but for the most part this fails to party like it 's 1999 .
Tonally , American Reunion is closer to Hall Pass or The Dilemma than its own ancestors .
American Reunion brings together the original cast for a redundant experience with the thinnest veil of a story that invariably makes you dislike the core characters that you originally loved .
American Pie 's characters have grown up and settled down . Do n't worry , the franchise has n't . More than a decade on , Reunion opens with two wank jokes and never looks back .
Like the East Great Falls Class of 1999 , viewers soon realize that this is n't high school anymore , and we ca n't go back to the way it was .
No , it 's certainly not the only sequel that ` American Pie ' has spawned . And I have the feeling it may not be the last .
... the funny parts barely outweigh the raunchy parts and the feel good ending is appropriate , if hackneyed .
Tired Reunion a Party to Miss. .
American Pie grows long in the tooth
Walking out there just did n't seem to be any point to bringing everyone back for this fourth go-around , American Reunion proof that sometimes going home again is n't as good idea as it 's purported to be .
`` American Reunion '' is full of scuzzy humor and improbable encounters , but you got to love it . The story is reasonably well written . It 's the characters that we come back to see . They 're predictable and we like it that way .
... an overlong and underdeveloped sequel that could only be loved by hardcore fans of the original film .
More middling than ineffective -- laughs are intermittent but the tone is lively throughout -- the film is a reminder that there is a time and season for all things , and some relationships are not meant to last .
leans a little too heavily on the familiar and fails to achieve that delicate balance of the nasty and the sweet that made the first one so memorable
There 's nothing to see here people ... move along .
A pretty transparent nostalgia exercise that never veers from formula and takes no risks . But it 's still exceptionally funny and enjoyable .
It 's time to say bye bye to `` American Pie '' sequels .
Seeing as how this is essentially a teen comedy about guys in their early 30s , some of the laughs are kind of creepy and uncomfortable , but the directors have tons of genuine affection for the characters .
At the very least watchable and adequate and therefore rises above the horrendous American Wedding .
True to its origins , the reunion of the American Pie characters , 13 years after Jason Biggs infamously turned apple pie into crumble , delivers everything that is expected ... sometimes that last piece of pie can be as good as the first
A few clever notions on the problem of middle-aged dating are handled by pros Eugene Levy and Jennifer Coolidge . Otherwise , it dips into Meet the Fockers material like Biggs into a baked good .
Even worse are the almost a dozen lackluster subplots that the movie insists on playing out , including a pseudo romance with bland Kevin and Tara Reid 's Vicky , whose eyes are as vacant as a marlin flopping around on a boat deck .
For those onboard , they 'll be satisfied with Reunion 's ability to rise to the occasion 13 years on .
It 's embarrassing to even call `` American Reunion '' a `` sex '' comedy .
Has it really been six whole weeks since the last time I saw a man 's genitals on the big screen ?
Thinly drawn grossout geeks , with a backdrop of bland bottle blonde bimbos . While stealing the show is Eugene Levy doing his own memory lane thing , high on clandestine reefer and hallucinating the lunacy and lingo of the love generation . You go , Dad .
Screenwriters Hurwitz and Schlossberg play up the nostalgia as the characters now in their early 30s enter a different phase of life . They stick to the formula of mixing sweet heart-tugging moments with giddy gross-out humor . a nice tight bow is ...
I 've always been more or less indifferent to the ` American Pie ' series , but seeing the characters again , I was filled with admiration for the actors ' show-business chops -- for their dedication to roles that require them to be routinely humiliated ...
The pie is starting to turn stale after all these years , so hopefully it 's down to the last slice .
Like all tasty confections , there 's a sell through date for ` American Pie , ' and it 's long passed .
An underwhelming last gasp of an expiring franchise strictly for diehards inclined to laugh a final time at a plethora of recycled slapstick , potty humor and graphic sight gags .
A tossed off greatest hits package .
It 's a series that like its characters , has reached a comfortable , if unexciting , middle age .
There 's still enough comic invention , to say nothing of that likable cast , to make it easier to take than the subsequent chapters in many other franchises .
American Reunion tries to use nudity , sex , and fecal matter to generate laughter , but the jokes are tired and predictable .
Now it has devolved into a crass sitcom -- I kept thinking of Two and a Half Men -- where the dirtiness IS the joke .
Less like a triumphant homecoming than the last gasp of a flatlining franchise .
It 's been almost a full decade since the last installment , and it 's the fourth film a series . Comparably , `` American Reunion '' is a triumph by just being mediocre .
I would accuse American Reunion of being misogynistic , but the movie seems to hold all of humanity in contempt , not just women .
Overlong and excruciatingly unfunny . It ends up telling the same old jokes in the same old ways .
This slice of American Pie is flaky and flaccid .
With a delay of nearly 10 years between the release of the third and the fourth film , we 've had time to lose all interest in the group 's antics .
Yes , American Reunion is a juvenile outing . They steal jet skis and defecate in beer coolers . They cheat on their girlfriends and lie to their best friends . But what did you expect ?
This is one Reunion worth attending .
Look , folks . This ai n't ` The Big Chill . ' But for what it is , it 's pretty darn enjoyable even if the beats of the screenplay are way too familiar . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
not unlike the event from which it takes its title . Some of it rekindles memories of what worked in the past in a nostalgic , even sweet way . Some of it reminds one what they liked about these people in the first place . Some of it is just sad .
If you liked the first film , then seeing these characters over a decade later , involved in the same silly set-ups will be pretty entertaining .
Raunchy sequel recycles same formula , minus some laughs .
The scenes between Levy and Biggs is really a master 's class on improv as Levy 's nervous ramblings continue to offer up way more information than should ever be shared between a father and son .
Tries too hard and fails miserably in its efforts to replicate the recipe that made 1999 's teen comedy hit so fresh and funny .
People mature , priorities change , responsibilities mount , and though the relationships may evolve , the bonds of friendship remain true .
A generally morose comedy that recruits the original cast but fails to capture the cheeky high spirits of their 1999 debut .
Predictability is the fatal flaw of any American sequel , and while this one comes closest in tone to the original film , that 's a decidedly double-edged sword .
Rare is the movie that brings `` American Pie '' to mind and suffers by comparison , but here we have one .
The American Pie franchise is the only one I can think of that ... actually gets better every single time . In large part this is due to it not being all that much to start with .
When the first movie came out in the summer of 1999 , it was a refreshing , irreverent new brand of comedy . Nowadays , it seems a bit too ... nice .
Fans of the Pie movies will relate and enjoy what `` American Reunion '' has done . It is a perfect way to round things up and bring things to a final end ... or at least I hope so .
For a movie about what happens when people grow up American Reunion is surprisingly immature in its comedy .
None of it makes much of an impression , although there are a few nice and surprisingly heartfelt moments around the edges .
Sort of like going to your own high school reunion : it 's not nearly as much fun as it should be .
A strained , relentless quest for gross-out humor and outlandish sexual escapades .
Confirms the perception that only losers attend high-school reunions .
A film that proves you can make money by creating jokes about men and their penises . Forever and ever and ever .
In the end , `` American Reunion '' even gets away with its sequel-baiting closing line : `` Till next time ! ''
`` Reunion '' should be the last slice of `` Pie , '' America .
Overall , the level of wit and invention from writer-directors Jon Hurwitz and Hayden Schlossberg is well below their scripts for the three `` Harold and Kumar '' movies .
Oddly , it seems to work . It has the smirking sex jokes , but the fillmakers get that - except for Stifler - these characters ca n't act the same way at 30 that they did at 18 .
An aggressively crass - and not especially funny - trip down memory lane , an attempt to recapture the sweetly ribald magic of the earlier film .
The best scenes in the film are of Jim and his pop just talking like countless fathers and sons have done in the past .
Nostalgia can be a powerful thing , and with its characters and late '90s soundtrack American Pie : Reunion will take those who enjoyed the first two films back to that period . Now it 's time to put this franchise to sleep and say goodbye .
That first bite of 1999 's American Pie , that toothsome delight of sensory surprise , has given way to a gooey paste that just may end up sticking in your throat .
Does anyone really want another piece of Pie ?
Overlong and occasionally limp , but it will make you laugh more often than not .
`` American Reunion '' offers plenty of laughs ; it just does n't try to move beyond its simplistic premise . Like Stifler , the filmmakers feel too comfortable being rooted in the past .
Maybe most distressing is how retrograde the film feels . ` American Wedding ' had the lovely scene where Stifler does a dance-off at a gay bar . ` American Reunion ' is wall-to-wall gay panic jokes .
American Reunion is like most reunions . You are kind of shocked at who lost their hair , who got fat , who got divorced and realize you should have skipped it altogether .
The sad truth is that there 's as much reason for American Reunion as there is for a 13-year high school reunion .
American Reunion is better than one would have the right to expect .
A full-out love note to fans of the series . Nearly as good as the teen classic original , only with the added benefit of nostalgic hindsight .
Sitting somewhere between nostalgia and limp sex romp , this is for fans only - squeezing a few more dollars out of the American Pie franchise with plenty of reminiscing , bland titillation and bad behaviour .
Does n't provide the generational high producers thought it would ; this is n't exactly the cast of `` American Graffiti . ''
The entire film is a mistake .
`` Am I wrong or was this place a lot more fun when we were younger ? '' a character asks . He 's not wrong .
The humor in American Reunion is still late - '90s raunch . Which , for the American Pie series , is exactly what it should be , right ?
It has some good moments , but it goes on too long , and not enough happens that is likely to create new memories .
A lazy piece of work ... that expends little energy giving the characters any heart , content instead to offer a succession of cheesy sex gags .
American Reunion , remarkably , might just be the funniest issue yet from the American Pie franchise factory .
Bad enough that the film is smutty and that most of the female characters are either bores or bitches , but there are almost no laughs , save what Scott valiantly squeezes out of Stifler 's antics .
It 's kind of sad , in a way .
The picture is devilishly entertaining , not least because it 's laced with just the sort of dumb raunchy jokes you hate yourself for laughing at .
Lazy , stupid , recycled , immature , predictable , unfunny ... a pathetic attempt by a dead franchise to scrape the bottom of an already filthy barrel and squeeze a few more dollars from audience members seeking clichéd nostalgia .
American Reunion reminds us what we liked about the original : the way the movie sweetened its raunch to build a rooting interest in these characters .
The movie 's message is that the way to face impeding maturity is to embrace your inner teen idiot .
It 's a reunion that finds the old friends grappling with new dilemmas .
It 's a sad day when Stifler defecating in a cooler is one of a film 's funniest bits .
Some decent laughs . but most of the movie 's forced and awkward . Tara Reid and Mena Suvari , in particular , look as if they 'd rather be anywhere else .
Just to be clear : 13 is how many years have passed since the first film . It 's also a number that 's such bad news that elevators skip it all together .
Scenes will wander from gross-out gag to sentimental schmaltz to pervy leer to cheap nostalgia within a 30-second span , utterly free of clear directorial guidance . Even worse , very little of it is remotely funny .
Even though Jim and his fellow horny high schoolers have aged into their 30s , they 're still good for some raunchy adventures in `` American Reunion . ''
It 's sort of like visiting your hometown and running into that kid you kind of , sort of knew in high school . You were n't asking for an update , but it 's pleasant enough to get one .
Those who have grown up with these characters , now fixtures in pop culture , likely will find it reassuring to know that some things never change .
Plenty of raunchy and funny scenes but not enough character development .
Comedic situations are painfully contrived even for a Pie picture , creating a programmed feel to the shenanigans , which eventually carries over to melodramatics with characters I ca n't imagine anyone honestly caring about .
Please , God , tell me you 're not going to waste your time and - more important - money on prepubescent jerk-off humor that reeks of comedic flopsweat and gender-insensitive sexual frustration .
American Reunion has the same thing going for it that American Pie did : it understands the hilariously perverted inner-workings of the male mind .
It 's got some pretty good jokes , too . OK , maybe they are n't that good , but they 're performed with excellent timing .
Fans , and I count myself among them , of the Weitz brothers ' unexpectedly enjoyable original will find themselves in a familiar and perhaps comforting place ... filthy language , risqué situations , die-hard friendships , and all .
-LSB- It -RSB- makes a huge mistake when it proceeds as if we care equally about the dozen or so characters from the `` Pie '' movies . They 're all back , even the ones played by those bad actors , and they all have subplots in `` Reunion . ''
If you 've been wondering what the `` American Pie '' gang has been up to for the past nine years , this is the movie for you . If not , why are you still reading ?
So why , why more American Pie ? It 's a lame one , just the same one , now with much older guys . And starlets wearing mileage from all their whiskey and rye . Singing `` Why did my career go ` bye ' ? ''
The movie never overcomes the feeling that it is - above all else - an attempt to wring a few more dollars out from a once-profitable franchise .
Every other line , it seems , refers to `` back in the day '' or `` was n't this more fun when we were younger ? '' or how `` old '' they 're feeling . You 'd think this was a remake of `` Cocoon . ''
The split of hormonal sleaze to cornball sap is still about 50/50 , yet like a chance meeting with an old love , it does n't produce the expected magic .
Instead of mixing comedy with weighty issues , the movie simply tickles the nostalgia bone -LRB- and without f**king one pie in the process -RRB- .
Works reasonably well . Good for a few yuks . They 're still a likable bunch .
As it turns out , the recipe has been updated , and what once seemed like fatally warmed-over Pie tastes new again .
Unfunny and relies too heavily on lame gross out gags and vulgar dialogue . Big gimmick is seeing the original cast all back together , but the last time we checked , no one was signing petitions to get them all in the same room .
In the fourth and best American installment , the laughs do n't stop .
Be assured you already know exactly what lies within here . That 's what makes the picture so comforting . No surprises .
`` American Reunion '' has a sense of deja vu , but it still delivers a lot of nice laughs .
A fun trip down memory lane that offers enough nostalgia , laughs and drama to the characters whom you 're likely to have forgotten how much you loved .
There 's no innovation on display here , and why would there be ? The point is that this is a return to something familiar , and it is exactly as comforting in its predictability as it 's supposed to be .
It was nice to catch up with these people but I grew tired in the later stages and remembered why we have n't stayed in touch .
This Pie 's taste - simple , crass , but funny and genuinely heartfelt - is at least as good , if not better , than it 's ever been before .
Seann William Scott is the funniest movie comic of his generation , enlivening an otherwise copycat sequel .
Somehow manages to become a sweet , funny and even sort of touching rumination on getting older -- along with the requisite gross-out gags .
`` American Reunion '' relies on clichés about nostalgia , forced tension over strained friendships and melodrama about the rekindling of first loves .
Filled with more characters and subplots than Middlemarch , American Reunion has a lot of business to attend to , and takes its time getting it done , working through a checklist of items from previous films in the process .
A mediocre and all-too obvious sequel that utterly fails to recapture the youthful spark of its original .
The result is the best slice of Pie yet : a savvy sequel that 's flat-out hilarious raunchy fun .
While it 's poignant seeing the whole gang again , the tired gross-out antics and limp romantic reprisals keep this hapless if heartfelt effort from qualifying as a decent comedy , let alone a generational classic .
Fittingly , the laughs this time round are more generated by nostalgia and affection than raunch or risk .
What seemed like a decent idea - a fourth and final stroll through the American Pie gutter - is swamped by the reason why most of these actors have n't worked much between sequels . They simply are n't special , or even that good at what they 're doing .
Being pantsless in the kitchen is n't quite as endearing for a thirtysomething dad , and kicking the joke up a notch with frontal nudity -- updating it for the Apatow age -- just emphasizes how old this franchise is .
Though sharply uneven and lacking the poignancy and savvy of such classic reunion films as Return of Secaucus Seven and Big Chill , the film offers slight humor and observation about the characters .
There is an inherent pleasure and comfort in seeing these actors reunite , and I found myself surprisingly delighted to welcome back each cast member as they revealed themselves one by one .
A movie zombie that has risen from the grave of straight-to-video sequels ... The stench of desperation permeates this film .
You can always go home again according to Jon Hurwitz and Hayden Scholssberg 's American Reunion .
American Reunion is funnier than all other movies in the series combined .
Millennial nostalgia still feels mighty weird-and not quite the stuff of comedy-in this latest , half-limp sequel to American Pie .
Taken altogether , the Pie movies offer a cohesive worldview , showing each of life 's stages as the setting for fresh-yet-familiar catastrophes , relieved by a belief in sex , however ridiculous it might look , as a restorative force .

@highlight

It 'll provide sweetly nostalgic comfort food for fans of the franchise , but American Reunion fails to do anything truly new or interesting -- or even very funny -- with the characters .