Bride Wars will ensnare the fairer sex like an evil goddamn tractor beam and there 's nothing you can do about it . If you must go see it , take a book . Or some cyanide .
Bride Wars renders its women characters as stereotypes only capable of approaching the world the way a character from a prime-time TV show might .
reptilian , hateful stuff , biologically engineered to disrespect -- with maximum efficiency -- the precise demographic to which it targets itself .
It 's like the Whack-a-Mole of everything reasonable people hate about so-called ` chick flicks . ' -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Enough to make one yearn for the comparatively rich complexity of Home Improvement .
It 's a movie that mistakenly believes that we should want to like these people .
There are no pleasant surprises in this partly-Boston-shot Gary Winick film .
The movie shows that life can be messy and how unrealistic it is to expect everything to be perfect on `` the biggest day in a girl 's life ''
the leading ladies do n't provide any memorable moments other than the obvious visual gag of a cat fight between two women in wedding dresses .
If Bride Wars is any indication of what 's to come , please let last year linger a little longer .
You want to see Anne Hathaway in a worthy vehicle ? Check out `` Rachel Getting Married . '' You want to see Kate Hudson in a worthy vehicle?Rent a time machine .
Often unimaginative , asinine and bland , even if you 're willing to check your brain at the door and suspend your disbelief for 90 minutes .
A movie best left at the altar .
Do n't bother to RSVP to Bride Wars .
Shrill and shallow , ` Bride Wars ' would make anyone wince at the thought of matrimony .
A paean to friendship and conspicuous consumption that is just simply wrong . On a number of levels .
Bride Wars makes Sex and the City seem like Jane Austen .
There 's a good deal of potential squandered in this strained comedy , which suffers from lazy writing , miscalculated acting , perfunctory directing and general bad timing .
-LSB- A -RSB- funny , self-consciously frothy piece of good-natured escapism .
Eighty-eight minutes and 14 seconds of pure , unadulterated piffle .
... feels like the work of someone who hates chick flicks and is n't all that fond of women in the first place .
I now pronounce you mildly amused !
Having its wedding cake and eating it too , this malevolent catfight catastrophe in chick flick lite clothing , satirizes that nuptial consumer orgy , while gorging on the excesses of matrimonial materialism .
A light-hearted comedy romp that is not meant to be taken seriously
Never quite bitchy enough to be enjoyable .
Hudson has only herself to blame for agreeing to the script and a hairstyle that makes her look like a cross between Hilary Duff and a shrunken head .
There 's more cheer to be gained from staring outside at a bleak and desolate winterscape in the twilight of a shortened day than paying good money to endure this example of cinematic offal .
While it may be tempting to write off ` Bride Wars ' as harmlessly mediocre , this race to the altar also falters by trafficking in female stereotypes .
Plain and simple , this is a paycheck -LSB- for Anne Hathaway and Kate Hudson -RSB- and a waste of their time , your time and mine .
Appallingly simple-minded .
This comedy about female best friends whose bond is shattered when their weddings fall on the same date occasionally displays a desire to explore the nature of friendship and love , but unfortunately such moments of insight take a backseat to increasingly
The funniest Bridezilla moments are in the trailer ; if you 've seen that , you 've seen the movie .
You could do worse in Hollywood 's dumping ground .
The resolution of the film 's dilemma is not only absurd and unbelievable , but is further humiliating to the two actresses .
Bride Wars could have been your typical cartoonish , early-winter wedding comedy . Although it certainly has moments like that , it 's not as wacky as most of its ilk . Guess the bad news is that it 's not much of a comedy .
Bride Wars is absolutely harmless in the worst kind of way .
Sex and the City for the American Girl set , but a decent chick flick .
With a title like `` Bride Wars '' you 'd expect some explosive comic moments of wedding sabotage and subterfuge , but instead you get a clunky formula romantic comedy , even by Hollywood standards .
No cues are needed to understand the plot , which feels computer-generated and barely serves to sustain an hour and a half running time .
Director Gary Winick has long since abandoned his cool cred from Tadpole and 13 Going on 30 and given himself over to the dark side of making glossy amusements that are about as deep as staring into a snow globe .
In the end , the movie owes its mild success to Anne Hathaway , who makes it watchable .
The writing in Bride Wars is brittle and backbitey , and so are the characters .
In these recessionary times , it 's not just misogynistic to assume that intelligent women turn into feral dogs at the sight of a Tiffany gift box , but it 's also beside the point .
Even if you can get past the boneheaded premise , the picture feels halfhearted in its construction .
Bride Wars is a retrograde comedy that makes women look like shallow , scheming , selfish creatures who worship consumerism and fret about their hips .
How bad can a movie be , with Goldilocks Hudson and Cinderella Hathaway ? So excruciating that Hudson 's sunshine ca n't warm it and Hathaway 's rose redolence ca n't mask its stink .
Are n't we -LSB- women -RSB- adorable in all our irrational shrieking harpy juvenile shallow materialistic glory ? We so are !
Bride Wars takes the burgeoning Anne Hathaway wedding-movie subgenre from the sublime to the despicable .
All in all , it 's a good girlfriend movie and a decent date-night picture .
Anything you need to know to avoid wasting your $ 12 is in the unpromising trailer .
It would be depressing to think that people like this might actually exist . But it 's also a little depressing to think that movies like this actually exist , so you can never be too sure .
Wedding comedy amuses , but has inconsistent messages .
It 's apathy incarnate . It 's the Bride of Floppenstein , a C-minus , a soggy , sad thing floating in a lukewarm limbo of sentimental mediocrity .
If anyone asks you if you want to see Bride Wars , remember the right answer : I do n't .
The idea of a revenge comedy is n't necessarily a bad one , Bride Wars simply fails at it despite having the formidable duo of Kate Hudson and Anne Hathaway , who in their own distinctive ways usually command the screen .
You leave this chick flick disaster feeling like an escapee from a POW camp .
Yeah , Bride Wars is only a chick flick , but chicks deserve better than this .
As vacuous and disposable as Hollywood comedies come . I 'd say it 's preferable to rabies , but having never had rabies , I ca n't be sure , can I ?
Bride Wars never gets off its high-concept stool long enough to explore what makes weddings so exciting and nerve-racking and treacherous . It flounders instead in juvenilia and bitchiness .
Bride Wars is hell at its most banal -- like watching a dull sitcom with a broken remote .
Bride Wars could have been a clever , incisive satire of the bloated and maddening wedding industry ; unfortunately it takes an old-fashioned stance far out of place in this modern world .
Setting feminism back at least a century , embarrassing a potential Oscar nominee and insulting the very idea of romance , Bride Wars is every bit as awful as it sounds .
The film wanly tries to build a case for their two very different , yet complementary , personalities but falls back on slapstick . The filmmakers make thankfully swift work of the tale in just under 90 minutes .
Not knowing what to expect , the battle between Hudson and Hatheway was fun to watch but I would not waste money to see it in theatres . Wait for the rental !
It 's been awhile since a movie has been this stridently insufferable while pulling off that moviemaking trifecta of combining bad directing , bad writing and bad acting .
With artifice as layered as the tiers of a marzipan cake , this resembles nothing so much as a stale Rock Hudson-Doris Day comedy : you know that eventually the combatants will recognize they love each other the most .
It 's a chick flick ; nothing wrong with that . But it 's also a chick flick that makes its chick characters -- and by extension its chick audience -- look like hateful , backward toddlers , and there is something wrong with that .
Some of this might have passed for uproarious in a TV sitcom , although probably in an earlier decade than the one in which we 're dozing through this movie .
Even if the slapstick were brilliantly choreographed , the movie 's view of marriage , women and , for that matter , men would probably sink it to oblivion .
As if to assuage the anxieties of the millions of same-sex couples deprived of the right to wed in this nation , here comes Bride Wars to make the entire institution of marriage look almost as awful as last year 's dreadful 27 Dresses did .
Bride Wars - Bridezillas in dire need of valium
Mere months ago , Anne Hathaway participated in Rachel Getting Married , a film brimming with life . Now here she is in a film with virtually no life at all .
Parental Content Review
I have a request of Hollywood : Please stop now . If you ca n't come up with a funnier bridal comedy than Bride Wars , leave the subject alone .
As Hathaway and Hudson plan their perfect days and plot to destroy each other , like a gown-clad version of one of those old Mad magazine Spy vs. Spy comics , Bride Wars pauses to ask the very important question of what happens when you focus on your weddin
... a hopelessly predictable comedy whose positive attributes are ultimately outweighed by its negatives .
excruciating , pointless , spectacularly unfunny , sometimes offensive , hapless stab at a chick flick
It 's hard to warm to these superficial women who learn the error of their ways in such an unconvincingly hasty fashion .
Anne Hathaway has a few shining moments in this bridal face-off but getting to the altar is still a tiring slog .
When did chick flicks become so suffused with hatred for womankind ? Surely a movie about girls and aimed at girls should n't make us feel so bad about being girls ?
It is a shame that filmmakers and audiences alike have let romantic comedies devolve into trite mediocrity and banal predictability . The genre deserves far better than Bride Wars and its ilk .
Our deepest condolences to Hudson as the ironically named `` Liv '' . Her dead eyes and rouged cheeks suggest she 's bypassed the wedding and gone straight to the funeral .
The movie makes a ridiculous ass of itself , but as a run-for-the-hills endurance test for straight men everywhere , it 's almost fascinating .
A jaw-clenchingly unfunny insult to both sexes and everyone 's intelligence , it redefines the term ` bridal shower ' .
A dopey if largely painless romantic comedy
Even at this early stage of the year , Bride Wars is certain to rank among the ten worst releases of 2009 .
Imaginative it ai n't but , in all , it 's an agreeably girly accompaniment to a box of Maltesers . You might also want to take along some earplugs .
If you see anyone trying to flog this as a dodgy DVD in the pub , report them to the police . It really is criminal .
It is widely assumed that Eddie Murphy hurt his Oscar chances by following his dramatic turn in ` Dreamgirls ' with the graceless ` Norbit . ' ` Bride Wars ' is just as abysmal , though it spares us the prosthetic fat suits .
This unfunny studio comedy is so downright demeaning I ended up hating not only it but my entire gender - and most specifically myself for secretly quite wanting to watch it .
A story so ludicrous and soft-centred that none of the actors has much of a chance , and both comedy and romance seem stifled at birth . Everyone concerned seems to have given up halfway through . You ca n't blame them .
Watchable comedy , enlivened by strong performances from Hudson and Hathaway and a decent script that is n't afraid to make the central friendship the most important relationship in the movie .
A lively tone and sharp performances help bring this rather thin comedy to life
While the premise is as flimsy as a brides ' veil , Kate Hudson and Anne Hathaway make this girls-only comedy about two girls , two weddings and a friendship in crisis , into a moderately enjoyable , if forgettable affair
This film 's as divorced from reality as any romantic comedy I can ever recall , and if I my nuptials were to look even remotely like the ones depicted here than here is my vote to staying single for now and well into the foreseeable future .
Hathaway should be embarrassed , and Hudson should ask Hathaway what it 's like to still be capable of feeling embarrassment .
All it takes is a bride scorned to turn a stock movie character into a raving caricature of emotional instability .
nothing shocking , nothing original , nothing amazing and nothing special , but you can have a few laughs along the way .
After last year 's `` 27 Dresses , '' 20th Century Fox has decided to once again make another bridal-themed movie aimed at female audiences who are in the mood to see a movie but have no apparent desire to see a good one .
a stale story badly told
Candice Bergen does her best to carry this insubstantial , insulting film , but it 's not nearly enough .
The timing of this picture 's release is unfortunate , as is the picture itself .
Movies thrive on smackdowns . `` Clash of the Titans . '' `` Alien vs. Predator . '' `` Freddy vs. Jason . '' Rocky vs. Apollo Creed . And now , Bridezilla vs. Bridezilla .
That poor Vera Wang gown has to carry the movie , and that 's too much to ask of any dress . Right now , the Wang is probably calling up the green gown from Atonement , asking how to get fixed up with a better script . I wish it luck .
Two shallow women friends become enemies in this unappealing comedy .
A shrill , mechanical comedy dedicated to the proposition that a wedding that does n't take place at the Plaza Hotel is scarcely worth having at all .
Unless skirmishes in the bridal registry department or catfights in yards of tulle sound like fun , opt for peaceful resistance to Bride Wars .
finds sharp laughs in the nooks and crannies of the formula
Bride Wars takes every ugly stereotype about women and weddings and dumbs them down even further .
... only Hudson has been stumping the talk shows on this one . Hathaway appears to be hiding in her closet until it blows over and everyone gets back to remembering her previous film .
Predictable , lazy and as overprocessed as Kate Hudson 's hair , this thoroughly joyless movie also possesses a deep nasty streak , making it loathsome when it might have been merely annoying .
Gary Winick directs way too broadly for this thing to ever have a chance and any semblance of reality or believability is just tossed out with bridal bouquet .
Bride Wars is being released early in January , typically a stomping ground for bad movies . In this way , it has been perfectly placed .
You could n't give this Bride away . Pedestrian comedy of friends at war balances on a petty framework , with shallow , unlikeable and archaic characters .
Hathaway and Hudson , both natural charmers , are reduced to female stereotypes in this outdated comedy .
Here 's the biggest problem with Bride Wars : As simple as the premise is , we do n't buy it for a moment .
They 're real , dimensional humans , not wedding-obsessed fembots .
The movie ends with the door wide open for a sequel ; one ca n't imagine anyone involved jumping at the thought .
Hudson and Hathaway are totally wasted in this lame retro comedy , which is seemingly a critique of the wedding industry but in actuality ends up endorsing every element related to lavish nupitals .
Bride Wars is also a missed opportunity for a crackerjack comedy , dropping any hint of mean-spirited delight to kitten play with mundane nuptial wish-fulfillment and half-realized romantic nonsense .
Kate Hudson and Anne Hathaway , who play the would-be brides , are good actors and quick-witted women , here playing characters at a level of intelligence approximating HAL 9000 after he has had his chips pulled .
-LSB- A -RSB- shiny sitcom pilot that looks like something yanked from NBC 's shelves circa 1989 .
Hudson 's performance is so distractingly rigid you 'd think she were impersonating Keanu Reeves in The Day the Earth Stood Still .
The most lamentable thing about the dismal Bride Wars is the total absence of fatalities .
One week into 2009 and we already have a contender for worst film of the year .
A crass , despicably sexist piece of Hollywood trash .
Will make you hate brides .
Bride Wars tosses out stereotypes about female materialism and cattiness with all the giddy gusto of a newly married woman flinging the bouquet at her single girlfriends .
As romantic as the dollar dance and as funny as the quips from a hokey wedding DJ .
Bride Wars pretends to be a satire of wedding mania , but since there 's virtually nothing else to the movie , the satire comes depressingly close to endorsement .
It 's a picture that never comes to life before the `` death do us part . ''












@highlight

Bride Wars takes the already wearisome concept of battling bridezillas , and makes it thoroughly insufferable via a lazy script and wholly detestable characters .