... Date Night is the fun , lighthearted comedy that the two TV heroes needed to reclaim their box office status .
One can only fantasize about what a comedy starring Fey and Carrell would be like if the pair did the writing as well .
As believable as the story is , it 's strange that the filmmakers did n't do more with the talent they had on hand .
Date Night is only ever moderately funny ; partially entertaining ; quite exciting . It bears the mark of a cinematic no-mark ; a bland director whose cast members deserve way better than him .
Levy knows better to simply stay out of the dynamic duo 's way and let them do their proven thing .
... Works as an action-comedy precisely because its characters do not know they are in either a comedy or an action movie .
Ultimately , and thankfully , it 's saved by its stars , who carry it all to safety as often as they can .
Date Night takes two funny people , puts them in unfunny situations , and has them do and say unfunny things .
Fey , in particular , seems uncomfortable with the shenanigans .
Funny duo packs in the silly sex jokes , plus minor gun play .
It stumbles along as you 're forced to sit through quite a bit of umming and aaahing and a car chase that lasts five minutes too long .
The screenplay never takes any particularly sharp , or even interesting turns . Needless to say , North By Northwest is not in risk of losing its crown as the funniest and most-action packed mistaken-identity caper .
Date Night is the perfect three-star comedy . It 's not going to set the world on fire , but you 'll wish that the rest of the cookie-cutter rubbish coming out of Hollywood was at least this consistently funny and enjoyable .
Thank you , Hangover , for making overly calculated screenplay 101 's posing as off-the-cuff works of controlled insanity the norm for mainstream middlebrow comedy .
If you do n't go into this thinking you 're going to be laughing constantly , Date Night is a funny film and a fun time .
If you do n't go into this thinking you 're going to be laughing constantly , Date Night is a funny film and a fun time .
This weak-kneed comedy is guilty of many sins .
full review at Movies for the Masses
The combination of America 's two best comedic talents in Steve Carell and Tina Fey makes Date Night a film worth watching .
Date Night succeeds chiefly in making the work that its two stars do on the same major television network seem anything but mainstream .
While the Carell/Fey pairing looks like a winner on paper , Date Night somehow just is n't that funny .
t 's a funny movie and might snatch a few knowing nods from married couples with young children ; at the very least , it 's a consistently engaging , warmly silly adventure .
-LSB- It -RSB- feels like a movie designed as a cash machine , with little real entertainment value other than a couple of cameos , and about a half dozen chuckles .
And a good time was had by all !
For a film that does n't even scrape the 90-minute mark , Date Night takes an awfully long time to end .
Thank goodness , then , that the well-paired leads are as charming and , yes , relatable , as ever . They 're not really boring , even if the movie is .
Here 's hoping Steve Carell and Tina Fey will be offered more opportunities to work with scripts and filmmakers who allow them to reach their potential together rather than material that forces them to rescue it .
Todo está jugado al carisma y el histrionismo cómico de sus estrellas , que comparten algunos momentos graciosos . Pero está lejos de ser el verdadero vehículo de lucimiento que los admiradores de Tina Fey y Steve Carell esperan .
What should be hilarious only ends up sort of amusing . Is it bad to only be amused ? Not as such , but considering how hard they are clearly working to overcome the execution ...
Representa uma imensa oportunidade perdida de explorar os talentos de Carell e Fey , que certamente poderiam formar uma dupla bastante eficaz caso estivessem trabalhando com um material melhor .
Shawn Levy tries to smash the fun with an unnecessary over-the-top car chase , but the stars are so likable they keep our interest on track .
The movie passes the time , but what a misuse of resources !
Fey and Carell are as good a tag-team comedy duo as Lucy and Desi , maybe even Tracy and Hepburn -- charismatic comedians who have amazing chemistry together .
When sharp and funny performers like Steve Carell and Tina Fey are running on all cylinders , their vehicle does n't have to be that classy .
Carell and Fey could probably make `` Ishtar '' worth watching . Wait a minute ... I liked `` Ishtar . '' Dustin and Warren rocked !
There is a somewhat engaging devil-may-care attitude to it all that 's hard to dislike , and at just under 90-minutes Levy never allows the proceedings to drag on to the point they 'd become annoying or tiresome .
It 's pure nonsense , but the film has so much going for it that you do n't care .
Okay , this is only a farcical fable , but with another director it might have been a little more than that .
Proves the value of having talented performers who can elevate mediocre material enough to wring genuine laughs out of it .
It perhaps fizzles out towards the end but otherwise zips along very engagingly . The only challenge for the target audience will be finding the time to see it .
`` Date Night '' provided just the escape you need without pretending to be someone else , so go out and enjoy it !
In timing , delivery , and charisma , Tina Fey and Steve Carell are exactly who they always are , and this is a good thing .
What holds Date Night together are the ways Carell and Fey get laughs and their effortless ability to convey the ups and downs of the Fosters ' marriage .
feels like it was written by a computer program , and when it works , it is only because of the canny casting of its leads
A likable lark that just makes the cut due largely to the appeal of stars Steve Carell and Tina Fey .
It 's lively stuff with funny lines , droll cameos from Mark Wahlberg and James Franco , and a nice running gag about Jeanne Tripplehorn .
Where Date Night never lets us down is in the core believability of the Fosters , who love each other and are credibly bewildered as they find themselves catapulted into a dangerous alien world .
It 's not that Fey and Carell do n't make for a convincing onscreen couple ; they simply overplay their 'em barrassing parent ' shtick far too early and are left spitting cheap soundbites at each other in a genial , neverending bout of one-upmanship .
The pair have impeccable comic timing , and an easy rapport which helps create a wholly believable core to what is essentially a totally outlandish plot .
The movie 's not breaking any new boundaries but it 's not trying to . It 's a broad , likeable comedy with a couple of moments of genius thrown in . A great night out at the cinema .
Date Night is a comedy in which writing and direction do n't matter . That 's not funny .
Date Night wants to be all things to all film goers : comedy , couples movie , stonking thriller . But more is n't always more .
Carell and Fey are good company and work hard , but this is still a formulaic tale that will look most at home on the back of an airplane seat . In other words , A Shawn Levy Film .
The key to Date Night is to leave your brain at the door . You 'll be amply rewarded for it , though it wo n't give you much to talk about on a date .
Fey and Carell are better than this , but when the other options in the action-romcom territory include such efforts as The Bounty Hunter , who 's complaining ?
You have to take a few infeasible plot leaps , but the chemistry between the leads , and their sheer likeability factor , carry them through the silly slapstick .
Like Scorsese 's After Hours , the joke hinges on turning everything into a paranoid screwball fantasy of what might happen if you take your eye off the ball for one evening . But it feels fresh .
Levy permits himself a contrived car chase , but otherwise reins in his devotion to madcap action , producing a warm film that will strike chords with long-term couples .
Tina and Steve have taken an uninspired concept and uninspiring colleagues , and whipped up a film that works better than you 'd dare hope .
Thankfully , while Date Night has more than it 's fair share of flaws , Carell and Fey 's chemistry , charm and wit elevate the film into something positively watchable .
The presence of Carell and Fey lifts this comedy far beyond what it could have been . Their sharp improvisational skills give us a terrific look at a slightly tired marriage , even as the plot gets increasingly trite .
All in all , it 's an amazing film and easily the best thing to come out of Hollywood in 2010 . Oh , wait a minute . None of that 's true .
Hugely enjoyable , sharply written and frequently hilarious comedy with a pair of note-perfect comic performances from Steve Carell and Tina Fey .
Date Night is n't a comedy classic but it is undeniably a lot of fun , and easily hits the laugh quota .
Carell and Fey worked well as a team , despite the limitation of the vehicle
Like a great date , Date Night has lots to laugh at , lots to look at , and ends with a climax that leaves everyone smiling .
The chemistry between Carell and Fey is pure fire -- they feed off each other , and thus feed audiences several big laughs in the process .
Stand this movie up .
We all have the same problems whether we 're suburbanites or strippers . That 's a healthy perspective .
Despite the genial banter of Steve Carell and Tina Fey , it 's a comedy with so few laughs it could be prosecuted under the Trade Descriptions Act .
The talented cast , anchored by Steve Carell and Tina Fey , makes Date Night far better than it could have been . The stars give an old-fashioned spin a la Nick and Nora of the `` Thin Man '' thrillers and Tracy and Hepburn
A comfortable and good-natured effort , constantly enjoyable and frequently hilarious .
What the film turned out to be is a good movie but not a great one .
There are no original set-ups , but Carell 's discomfort and Fey 's futile attempts to rationalise an increasingly ridiculous situation are consistently amusing .
Steve Carrell and Tina Fey could be the new William Powell and Myrna Loy
The main delight here is the combination of Carell and Fey , both accomplished comedians , who succeed in making `` a boring married couple from New Jersey '' not only engaging heroes but believable ones .
The most apparent problem is the screenplay , which can find little vitality in the tired tale of a bored married couple mistakenly targeted by gangsters .
Levy , despite the wit and chemistry of his leads and a killer line-up of cameos -LRB- James Franco , Mark Ruffalo , Mila Kunis -RRB- , manages to make the whole thing feel like a one-season sit-com crammed onto a DVD .
It 's a shame the film has n't been developed to its full comic potential .
Date Night offers us a number of first-class passengers who have been packed into a Yugo of a movie .
The cameos keep Date Night feeling like a ragtag , amiable gathering of funny people who enjoy each other 's company , rather than the cynical piece of action-comedy crap it actually is .
Good but not great - with Fey and Carell it should have been better
The perfect date movie !
As far as it works , it 's due almost exclusively to Fey and Carell , who do a superhuman amount of work in dragging the funny out .
One minute its forced slapstick , the next it 's a bullet-riddled car chase -- and neither works .
Intermittently amusing action comedy with two deservedly well-liked stars whose ad-libs unfortunately are n't as funny as they think .
Fey , in particular , finds herself in the situation of a prima ballerina unaccountably dancing with the Rockettes .
In three or four scenes , they get a rhythm going , but the editing is smash-and-bash . Shawn Levy is not a director who honors performers ' rhythms .
Surprise : Calculation leads to diverting pleasure in this engineered from top to bottom studio movie .
Definitely go on this Date .
a competent and engaging little comedy that delivers on its premise without demanding more from the audience than their enjoyment .
... the affable vibe inevitably gives way to an emphasis on increasingly over-the-top action sequences ...
Steve Carell and Tina Fey manage to be funny without ever seeming superior to the slipshod material .
Unapologetocally funny . Here 's hoping enough couples chose it as their date night fodder so the naturally entertaining Carell and Fey get to do it all over again . And soon .
Turning in its share of laugh out loud moments , Date Night , a return to the comedy caper films of years ago , owes much to the wit and sharp improv skills of stars Fey and Carell .
Carell and Fey are gifted comedians , as anyone familiar with their TV work can attest . They both deserve a better outing than ` Date Night . '
It pales in comparison to Scorsese 's brilliant `` After Hours . '' But the theme is the same : Crazy things can happen when ordinary people go outside of their comfort zones .
There is no doubt that Fey and Carell have unbelievable comic timing . They play off one another so well that they really seem married .
`` Date Night '' is one of those little gems that , 20 years from now , you 'll stumble across on late night TV and relish all over again .
That the leads manage to get off some good lines in spite of all this nonsense is a testament to them
I will admit that I laughed out loud several times during this film . Both Carell and Fey do a great job working with the rest of the cast .
Somehow , in an act of sheer alchemy , this silly , preposterous , absurd story has been turned into one of the funniest movies I 've seen in many months .
The blooper outtakes over the end credits are funnier than the entire movie.The standout cameo belongs to J.B. Smoove playing a. . .
Pokerfaced Steve Carell and Tina Fey play Phil and Claire . Both do dead-on deadpan . It alone sells steak that does n't have much sizzle .
Although played strictly for laughs , this entertaining comedy also boasts plenty of action , thrills and suspense .
The film achieves the impressive feat of squandering Steve Carell and Tina Fey .
I would rather have sat through an hour and forty minutes of outtakes of this film than watch the film .
Date Night is n't brilliant or hilarious , but it 's something perhaps even more rare . It 's consistent , brisk and charmingly lightweight .
suggests the neutered offspring of Martin Scorsese 's After Hours and James Cameron 's True Lies
It works beautifully as a benign date flick .
Like Dick Van Dyke and Mary Tyler Moore on The Dick Van Dyke Show , Carell and Fey are witty together , sexy together and most important of all , believable together .
Date Night is worth hiring a sitter to see ... but only for the Fey/Carell connection .
There 's a looming gulf in Date Night between the quality of the actors and the phone-it-in script by Josh Klausner .
A terrible plot ca n't stop Carell and Fey from being my new favorite fake married couple . I demand they rejoin forces on the big screen at least every two years .
-LSB- T -RSB- hat Carell and Fey manage to maintain their gosh-darn likeability ... is the most surprising thing about this otherwise aggressively mediocre flick ...
Nothing is more frustrating than seeing potential wasted or put to poor use . With names like John Klausner and Shawn Levy behind the scenes , however , this movie did n't stand a chance .
Steve Carell and Tina Fey are perfectly matched as a boring married couple on a date from hell in New York City . Their chemistry is infectious .
Tina Fey is really funny . Steve Carell is really funny . Date Night stars Tina Fey and Steve Carell . Ergo , Date Night must be really ... sorry , I wish it worked that way almost as much as the studios do . But no .
It 's the kind of comedy that , as it runs out of jokes , resorts to destroying cars .
Not a perfect comedy by any stretch of the imagination but it is definitely a crowd-pleasing effort that should more than deliver on the promise of its title for millions of couples worldwide .
Stale , insipid and silly ... if you stay for the end-credit blooper outtakes , it becomes obvious from their banter that Fey and Carrell could have been far funnier if they 'd improvised .
Date Night is an OK comedy . But that 's not good enough .
Its slapstick story of a married couple enduring outrageous fortune offers a lot of laughs , a bit of romance and plenty for either sex to relate to .
Much as I would prefer to see the subtler Carell of Dan in Real Life comically negotiate a struggling marriage to Fey , we 're in a land of gunfire and super-computers .
refreshingly eschews the raunchy , despite the stripper pole and what is done to a chicken nugget that is genuinely disturbing . Instead , it is smartly acted , cleverly directed , while proving that wildly funny and wildly romantic can be a perfect match
The screenplay , by Josh Klausner , proves that the easy laugh is n't always the best .
Carell and Fey really are like Fred and Ginger , so smooth and sure-footed in their comic grace -LRB- lessness -RRB- and timing .
Best supporting character whose nudity is also a plot point : Mark Wahlberg ...
The picture has so much going for it that you 're happy to let it lift you up and sweep you away .
Tina Fey and Steve Carell deserve better . Their effortless comic timing together is the only thing to recommend `` Date Night , '' but that 's enough to make it worth your time .
Mr. Carell and Ms. Fey might have been able to pull it off -- if they had only been permitted to try .
A broadly promising premise and well-matched stars prove no match for an abominably unfunny screenplay and the work of the poisonously untalented Shawn Levy .
A very mild recommendation , only because the immensely funny and appealing stars outshine the pedestrian material . Their respective sitcoms are funnier and more sophisticated than this movie .
It 's an intelligent action comedy , told from the vantage point of ` after ' after the ` happily ever after . ' And starring two of the funniest people in America , you just may want to save the date .
While wobbly at times , Date Night is a perfectly pleasant , often uproarious action comedy ... Even with Shawn Levy directing , the picture is a consistent delight .
There are funny moments . But Date Night wallows too often in derivative movie mode , with goons from central casting , sappy sentiment , and a protracted car chase .
In a world of two hour and thirty-minute films comes a funny , action-packed 87 minute flick that packs a great entertaining punch . Fey , Carell and Wahlberg are hilarious . ''
The premise might be a little outrageous and stolen from a great episode of Seinfeld , but it is funnier than I expected .
Made passable by two veteran comedians who know when to look bad when going for the laughs .
In the hands of , say , a Greg Kinnear and a Sarah Jessica Parker , the thing could be a disaster . It 's not . Not by a long shot .
What comes as a welcome surprise is how Date Night manages to make sport of romantic movie conventions without being mean about them .
A reasonably amusing way to pass Saturday night with a significant other .
Watching Carell and Fey in action , trading quips and dodging gunfire as they attempt to make their way home to white-picket-fence suburbia , makes you wonder why it 's taken so long to bring these two gifted comics together .
It is diverting , and it gives these two their first chance to work together , yet you ca n't help but wish that the film functioned on as high a level as its stars do .
We 're here because we want to see Fey and Carell .
It gets one crucial element of comic filmmaking right in a way that few recent comedies have . It 's cast , down to the smallest role , with genuinely funny performers , people who understand how to time a joke , deliver a setup , underplay a deadpan glance .
Parental Content Review
Outrageously funny , thrilling and heart-warming . It 's a triumphant action comedy and the first great date movie of the year . Tina Fey and Steve Carell are pure comic gold .
It 's got a little something for everyone and it 's actually perfect for a date night out .
Even in down seasons , a Thursday block of `` The Office '' and `` 30 Rock '' delivers better writing , tighter direction and more laughs than 88 minutes of `` Date Night . '' For free .
Channeling 1970 's ` The Out of Towners , ' if you make it past the first 10-15 minutes , you 're in for a good time .
You might find yourself laughing despite yourself , and more than the movie deserves .
Carell and Fey continue to prove that they can hold our attention with a combination of goofball wit , impeccable timing and a direct commitment to the stories they are trying to tell with their characters .
Date Night '' is not exactly `` Scenes From a Marriage , '' and yet , with Carell and Fey delivering both raucous comedy and real characters , `` Date Night '' is surprisingly smart , funny and sweet .
Two comedians walk into a thriller .
While it may not be the most ambitious comedy that you will see anytime soon , it will have you laughing a lot
But the hidden gem here is Wahlberg , who is introduced as a one time real estate client of Claires who has a penchant for not wearing shirts .
Instead of shooting for ` It Happened One Night , ' it opts for being ` The Hangover ' for married people .
Couples that have been married for a while seem to be the target audience for Date Night ... If you 're in that category you 'll either find it mildly amusing - or that it hits a little too close to home .
Harmless action-comedy rests on the considerable comedic shoulders of its two stars but generates few real laughs .
A constant stream of expert guest performers in supporting roles keeps the movie fresh and energetic .
That rare high-concept action-comedy that not only earns every one of its fairly consistent big laughs , but also provides a certain amount of pathos , too .
Flashes of funny throughout indicate the comedic gem that could have been with better direction and writing .
The jokes were as much about the doldrums of married life as about the absurd and hair raising situations in which the pair find themselves . I also thought it had one of the funnier car chases I 've seen for years .
The movie 's stars , Steve Carell and Tina Fey , are exactly what they seem . They 're perfect casting in a short , sweet comedy that makes the most of their genial gifts until it loses its sense of proportion .
In Date Night , Carell is the cake batter that holds up Fey 's icing .
It 's a lively , often astute piece of marital sociology wrapped up in an action frolic involving an extremely average New Jersey couple .
Here 's proof that Tina Fey and Steve Carell could squeeze laughs out of a phone book .
Josh Klausner wrote the screenplay , but it really does seem as though some of its funniest lines were ad-libbed . Either that or Klausner deserves credit for tailoring a screenplay so completely to his actors so as to make it seem that they wrote it .
What the film cries out for most is a quality supporting player . Where are Dwight Schrute and Tracy Jordan when you need them ?
This is the rare screwball comedy that is superbly paced , cleverly plotted and hilarious from start to finish .
It 's precisely because the Fosters are so damn normal and relatable that we care about them . The casting of Fey and Carell is integral to this .
Different friom run-of-the-mill romantic comedies -- which is all to the good , but not terribly funny -- which is n't .
A pass . Although the film could have been much funnier if it had been allowed to be edgier , Carell and Fey turn out to be a believable couple of marrieds ...
Date Night could have been another The Bounty Hunter -- a DOA movie-star romantic comedy mixed with implausible action/adventure . But instead it 's the happiest of surprises : a genuinely sweet , funny movie .
For all the problems , Carell and Fey keep us interested in finding out what happens to their characters . We want them to make it out of Manhattan safely , and for them to have some actual fun .
What makes Date Night work are its stars .
Carell and Fey ... can telegraph anxiety , humiliation and exasperated affection in a glance . They give the film a boost even Levy ca n't deflate .
Carell and Fey mine the humor of predictable characters acting unpredictably -- and frequently , they strike gold .
Fey and Carell do all the worthwhile work , and they 're good together , kind of the anti-glamour inverse of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie in Mr. and Mrs. Smith .
If Date Night does n't itself quite justify a date night -- really , do you know what sitters charge these days ? -- it 'll be a fun rent in six months .
Date Night manages to live down to its store-brand title . But it might have worked as a serious comedy about two people trying to resex their marriage and air their mounting grievances .
A skeleton praying its leads will bring it to life .
There 's something genuine and more than a little sad at the core of Levy 's poorly staged , modestly amusing comedy , but it is n't the part that involves flash drives , blackmail , and glowering , gun-toting bad guys .
This manic story of mistaken identity is a disappointing waste of its talented leads .
There was probably never going to be a huge amount of great jokes to be found in this scenario no matter who was in the movie . Nevertheless , Carell and Fey do not really ` click ' with either each other , or their respective roles .
Fey and Carell both show why they are so highly regarded , bringing pitch-perfect comedic timing to their parts as they bounce material off each other like it 's the most natural thing in the world .
Imagine it : Liz Lemon and Michael Scott . Married with kids . I want to go to there .
Through it all , Carell and Fey are charming and sly .
These are two of the funniest people ever on television , yet their big-screen Date Night is a dreary , uninspired waste of their talents -- and those of the top-name cast inexplicably appearing in small throwaway roles .
Despite the suitability of the casting and the naturalistic performances of the stars , Date Night never breaks out of its dullsville rut .
This shrill caper is more like a blind date between fingernail and chalkboard .
By no means groundbreaking even by studio comedy standards , but like last year 's The Proposal , the movie succeeds more based on its two leads than on its high concept material .
Featuring inspired casting , gleeful performances and smoothly handled story transitions , Date Night employs Steve Carell 's and Tina Fey 's peerless knack for selling absurdist lines to deliver something resembling a comedy classic .
The action plotting is quick and clean and there are some funny supporting turns .
A funny film about the crazy adventures of a bored suburban couple in which they rediscover their love for each other .
Aside from the part where Steve Carell climbs onto the hood of a sports car during a high-speed gun fight , Date Night is funny because it 's true .
Steve Carell and Tina Fey 's partnership as the lynchpins of NBC 's Thursday night schedule is crudely translated to the big screen in Date Night , a creaky comedy only tolerable thanks to its stars ' likeability .
It 's exactly as funny as a Steve Carell-Tina Fey movie should be .
It 's better than anything I expected from the guy who remade Cheaper by the Dozen .
Levy and writer Josh Klausner wisely decide to remain in the background and let their stars do their thing .
As dynamic as the duo of Carell and Fey might be , they prove unable to reverse the trend of padded and forgettable action/comedies .
As Date Night revels in how danger and near-death experiences can reignite a marriage , it revels equally in how Carell and Fey can make a formulaic movie seem fresh , simply by virtue of their respective comic chops .
You leave the theater satisfied yet strangely displeased . That 's what happens when good actors are stranded in a lame movie that is not worthy of their talents .
A movie like Date Night encourages Hollywood comedy to occasionally dial down , and realize that comedy emerges from characters and situations and ca n't be manufactured from manic stunts and overkill .
Sizzling chemistry can not overcome the banal script .
The toughest movies to review are the ones that fall somewhere , safely , in the mid-range of success . They 're neither brilliant or bad , just bland . Date Night is a perfect example of bland .
Carell and Fey project an intellectual sharpness and an understanding of what 's important in life - and what 's ridiculous - that are the hallmarks of endearingly sane adults capable of sustaining both a hot career and a warm marriage-with-children .
A promising comedic pairing falls victim to sloppy filmmaking and a needlessly complex mystery plot . Character motivation is repeatedly sacrificed for over-the-top action ; the movie essentially becomes a live-action Tex Avery cartoon .
There is some funny stuff here , particularly the asides between Carell and Fey , who have a comfortable chemistry . You can certainly believe that they 're a harried married couple .
The real pity about the middle-of-the-road Hollywood comedy Date Night is that there 's actually a great film in there somewhere kicking and clawing in a desperate effort to get out .
Once again proof that must-see TV does n't guarantee ca n't - miss movies .
It 's not terrible , and I mean that as the mildest of praise ... it 's better than expected , if not outstanding or noteworthy in any other way .
Director Shawn Levy glosses over the seeds of social satire inherent in the premise , and instead tries to make his movie all things to all quadrants .
Steve Carell and Tina Fey make a terrific comic pairing in this entertaining if overly familiar comic thriller .
A romantic comedy with action , edge and genuine chemistry between its leads , Date Night scores a home run .
Date Night feels too much like a lame married couple version of Adventures in Babysitting with its mild humour and tensionless action .
The old mistaken identity device -LRB- brilliantly handled in Hitchcock 's North by North West -RRB- that leads innocent characters into deadly danger provides the pivot for a comedy about the pitfalls of marriage as a vehicle for long term relationships
Everything works in Date Night , a brilliantly conceived comedy in which boring , everyday reality morphs into a thrilling fantasy drenched in danger
Date Night is held together by a terrific cast that make a little go a long , long way . Somewhere in all of this there was a seriously good movie . As it is , we have a seriously weird one .




@highlight

An uneasy blend of action and comedy , Date Night does n't quite live up to the talents of its two leads , but Steve Carell and Tina Fey still manage to shine through most of the movie 's flaws .