Idris Elba 's performance of Mandela is striking , if only for his effort to master the former president 's distinct vocal style .
Watch this - while making you laugh and cry , it takes you on a wondrous walk .
It 's at its strongest when it 's dealing with the period we know least about : Mandela 's early years .
I will say that of all the Oscar-bait movies the Weinstein Company has released this holiday season , Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom is one that wo n't make you grimace in agony while you 're watching it .
The force of -LSB- Idris Elba 's -RSB- charisma and his will almost ruthlessly overrides the film 's flaws so that it ends up more enjoyable than it has a right to be .
It would have been more compelling had Winnie been the main focus , especially given the number of Mandela films there already have been in recent years . But you ca n't hate on it to too much ; it brought us the remarkable Naomie Harris
What keeps -LSB- Mandela : Long Walk -RSB- anchored is a towering , Golden Globe-nominated performance from Idris Elba
-LSB- A -RSB- well-paced and inspiring movie that preserves the legacy of an icon .
Long Walk to Freedom is a solidly crafted drama and a timely reminder of Mandela 's achievements . The younger generation and those who have n't read the autobiography may find it fascinating .
No matter how savvy the screenwriter , it 's hard to adapt a 600-page autobiography to the silver screen .
This Justin Chadwick biopic offers no surprises in technique or script -LRB- by William Nicholson -RRB- but is nevertheless a notch above average .
This film is only superficially illuminating , briefly informative ; the drama is only mildly engaging , the imprisonment distantly horrific . It insists upon keeping us at an arm 's length for its not inconsiderable running time .
A potent mix of uplift and corn .
It works ... kind of . If you were new to the Nelson Mandela story and were looking for a neat summary of his upbringing , his struggles and his achievements , you 'll find it here .
With a sturdy , magnetic central performance by Idris Elba as Mandela , the film dutifully charts his life-long struggle to end apartheid , his wooing of Winnie -LRB- portrayed by a generously cast Naomie Harris -RRB- and the 27 years he spent in prison .
The story of Nelson Mandela is a truly extraordinary one , and while Justin Chadwick 's biopic never stoops to hagiography and always entertains , it sometimes feels like the weight of the narrative is too heavy for one movie .
In the wake of Mandela 's recent passing , this well-intentioned adaptation of the great man 's best-selling autobiography inevitably takes on a greater poignancy and stature .
By the time the stoic , aged activist faces off against the imperilled leaders of a crumbling Apartheid regime , Elba has assumed a gigantic persona and consumes every inch of the widescreen frame .
Mandela pulls us through the leader 's now familiar life story with a plodding pace .
Runs through his life at warp speed and still takes two and half hours .
What Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom ends up doing is flattering and sanctifying its subject . Mandela deserves better than kisses and compliments . So does the audience .
The film as a whole hits the highlights but too often fails to delve beneath the surface of Mandela or the ideals for which he fought his entire life .
It 's a valuable history lesson crammed into a creatively uninspired movie . Wiki-cinema , if you will .
Is armed struggle or peaceful patience the better response to injustice ? In a performance for the ages , Idris Elba 's Mandela embodies both sides of the argument .
Elba 's central performance is the movie 's trump card , and one it employs with abandon , shuffling the other players far down in the deck .
-LSB- Idris Elba is brilliant , but -RSB- every time the film might have cut loose as a drama , it either holds back or we simply move on to another time .
Relentlessly respectful , yet lacking the intense emotional punch that would have made it great .
An extraordinary man probably deserved better than an ordinary film .
It is through Idris Elba 's finely etched performance that the real thesis of the film comes to the fore : it is Nelson Mandela 's universally relatable core humanity that defines his heroism .
Not so much a drama as a kind of protracted educational video , the message driven home by a soupily emotional score and repeated flashbacks , sometimes in slo-mo , to Mandela 's golden memories of the past , bathed in sunlight .
Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom dutifully walks us through an extraordinary journey
Elba proves equal to the task , but 2 hours are n't enough for a towering life
This earnest account of the life of the late South African leader is a powerful film , driven by a wonderful performance by Idris Elba .
A handsomely made , absorbing and thought-provoking picture that tackles a huge subject with verve , pace and passion .
There is no fun in Mandela ; no life either . Could n't we have had some controversy-stirring candour about this true-life hero in his early terrorist phase ?
Based on his autobiography , this film is clearly designed to be the definitive film about Nelson Mandela .
A worthy , if unadventurous biopic of the recently departed South African political icon .
Ultimately falls into the category of worthy but dull , thanks to a plodding script that 's about as emotionally engaging as reading Nelson Mandela 's Wikipedia page .
If it is a bit stately , that is understandable : his life story really is extraordinary . The movie pays homage - in good faith .
What screenwriter William Nicholson , director Justin Chadwick and , most importantly , Idris Elba as Mandela , have done is capture the soul of this extraordinary man .
This is a solid , superbly crafted biopic with a towering , charismatic lead performance . It 's a fine tribute to a man prepared to die for his ideals and well worth your time .
Ambitious in its span and powerful in its recreation of tumultuous times , this is a skilful dramatisation and a worthy celebration .
Lending too much credence to history-book chronology is a common trap biopics fall into ... and this film puts a great actor deep in that narrative pit .
It 's vivid , substantial and works hard to be worthy , but as it ticks off the milestones of a monumental life it flickers more often than it really catches fire .
Elba is magnetic throughout , giving a consistently detailed performance that subtly reflects the personal toll Mandela 's long walk has taken on him .
Misses the opportunity to use art and imagination to bring insight to a life history that otherwise might be better served with a straight documentary .
Regardless of the criticisms and shortcomings within this uninspiring biopic , Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom remains an important piece of filmmaking it 's just a shame that the educational purpose of this title is not quite backed up emotionally .
... a worthy and beautifully illustrated lesson - the kind of movie that people who do n't know much about Nelson Mandela can crib from - but a lesson nevertheless .
Just another standard biopic consisting of historical re-enactments set to a soaring , manipulative score .
William Nicholson 's screenplay , based on Mandela 's autobiography , has the power to surprise us in small moments .
A complete letdown , which falls considerably short of doing justice to the man 's amazing story .
An uninspiring approximation of Mandela 's life .
Even those familiar with the history will be impressed and moved to see these events as Mandela experienced them , before the Nobel Prize and universal adulation recast the past in a glow of inevitability .
As a movie , it 's not all that powerful or insightful beyond the basic facts -LRB- which are plenty powerful and insightful on their own -RRB- but that 's not really the point .
Nelson Mandela gets the Classics Illustrated treatment with this handsome , undemanding biopic .
The film is n't perfect . Since it lasts more than two hours , it has some slow -- and low -- points . But it 's vitally important to helping us understand one of the most heroic struggles for freedom in the 20th century .
The life of Nelson Mandela is simply too big , too complex and too important to be contained in one movie .
The feature is surprisingly honest and welcomingly underplayed , generating an understanding of the Mandelas instead of blindly celebrating their accomplishments .
Elba has long been better than the film roles he 's been offered , a tradition that continues with his leading role here .
A respectable effort , but far from an inspired one .
Filled with plenty of quick montages and jumping from one year and event to the next , the pic ends up coming off as far too superficial and devoid of enough back-story , facts and explanatory material . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
The synchronicity among the creators led to effective depictions of Mandela 's transformation into a national leader
Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom certainly benefits from its iconic , inspiring subject , but it 's also too perfunctory to do him justice .
A solid memoir in its scope , scale and respectful -LRB- yet critically-objective -RRB- tone ; but as biographical cinema , is far less revolutionary than its subject .
Features an impressive turn from Idris Elba , but it is in no way equal to the greatness of the man himself .
Two things keep `` Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom '' from being just another biopic : the life it portrays and the actor in the role .
You keep wishing , as `` Mandela '' plays out , that this were more than one movie .
Aside from some youthful randiness early in the film , it would n't be out of place at a state funeral .
This movie begs to be compared to epics such as `` Reds '' and `` Gandhi . '' But while Elba embodies a dignified hero , the film itself is less than revolutionary .
-LSB- A -RSB- conventional , high-minded , rather pedestrian movie ...
There will one day surely be a great film about Nelson Mandela , one that shows the man in all of his glory as both revolutionary and peacemaker . Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom is n't that film .
There 's so much crammed into this 139-minute movie that it often leaps from one event to the next too swiftly to make much of an emotional impact .
Though it 's a story we 've heard so often that we perhaps take it for granted , seeing all the events of this remarkable journey laid out for us in a two-hour and 21-minute feature underlines its not-to-be-believed qualities .
Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom is a mediocre film that , despite storytelling issues , boasts a great performance by Idris Elba in the lead role of Nelson Mandela .
`` Mandela '' has a stodgy this-happened-and-then-this-and-then-this quality , augmented by a heavy-handed musical score that constantly seems to be nagging us , `` Get ready for this to be exciting '' or , `` Now would be a good time for you to cry . ''
Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom does a worthy job of honoring both its subject and its audience .
Elba may not look ... like the South African leader , but his sheer presence makes you believe he is channeling him . Still , -LSB- it -RSB- falls frustratingly short as a cinematic experience , trying to cram too much of Mandela 's colorful life into too little time .
-LSB- A -RSB- vibrant , engaging film adapted from Mandela 's 2000 autobiography .
In short , then , there are no major missteps , although it 's missing some of the life that animated its subject -LRB- though only a touch of the length -RRB- .
Mandelaís trials and triumphs , personal and political , are more than enough to keep this crowded but never overstuffed biopic clicking .
The restrained intensity of Idris Elba 's performance as Nelson Mandela ennobles this ambitiously sprawling biopic .
Unfortunately , this reverent and old-fashioned biopic is a prime example of the kind of inspirational movie that is , itself , uninspired .
A few inspirational moments ca n't compensate for so little information about Mandela 's inner circle or a mere glimpse at the streets of South Africa .
Some of the film is shallow and rushed , but when it stops to take a breath , it offers a context for the news stories that have come in the wake of Mandela 's recent death .
A conventional biopic made anything but conventional by the magnitude of its subject 's life and accomplishments , and by Idris Elba 's imposing performance in the title role .
Performances can get you a long way , but when you reduce such important events to a mere montage , then justice is clearly not being done to them and the memory of Mandela 's years of struggle .
A formulaic bullet-point biopic that does little to capture Mandela 's personality or political significance .
As a cinematic monument to one of the 20th century 's greatest figures , it 's a good start .
The film falls into the trap of reducing a great man 's life to a series of plot points .
The film 's heart is in the right place but so much of Nelson Mandela 's life is covered , the whole movie feels rushed .
Long Walk to Freedom venerates a man , not a movement . But as the world mourns the loss of a great humanist and visionary , this film can provide a starting place for deepening one 's knowledge .
Idris Elba and Naomie Harris give brilliant performances even if the film falls short of being the epic big-screen treatment Mandela deserved .
Superior acting aside , `` Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom '' feels like a film you watch because you should , not because you want to .
Earnest , historically fascinating , reasonably balanced , but overlong and unemotional `` great man '' biopic
Nelson Mandela deserves a great movie about his life , and though actor Idris Elba does an admirable job capturing the man 's spirit throughout many years , this particular movie is rather poor .
Justin Chadwick allows the events to speak for themselves , I only wish I was able to get more in-depth with some of the political arguments and where opinions were changed .
Telling such a vital story with a scope as broad as it can be , `` Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom '' is more than just a showcase for great acting ; it 's a tremendous film experience .
Elba is full of gravitas and Harris laced with fire , and both crucially add a human touch to a story that threatens to become engulfed by politics . They alone make this worth a watch .
A well-meaning film that has its facts more or less straight , but misses any amount of life at the edges .
The always-imposing Idris Elba does a fine job interpreting the -LRB- now -RRB- larger-than-life figure of Nelson Mandela ...
At almost 6 feet 3 inches , -LSB- Elba is -RSB- too big for physical similitude , but big enough in dramatic presence to measure up to his character 's courage and moral stature .
Maybe Mandela is one of those historical figures whose life is greater , more larger-than-life , than any mere movie could ever do justice to .
The film reduces Mandela 's ideas to impassioned sloganeering , and the repercussions of his ideas to unmoving montage sequences .
He spent 28 years in prison and this is what he gets ?
A biopic that is more dutiful than illuminating .
Mostly ... the movie is designed for people who already know some history of South Africa from 1942 to 1994 , or who do n't much care .
Mr. Elba is completely convincing as a natural leader with a ferocious drive .
The very qualities that make the man such a revered figure-his selfless devotion to change , his unfailing moral rectitude-also make him a pretty dull subject for a movie .
Elba has so inhabited the character that you might be stunned to see photos of the real man , during credits , and realize the extensive physical differences .
Mythologizes the leader from legend to full-blown superhero .
Bit of a shame that a man who looms so large in the hearts and minds of so many has been packed neatly away into a film that is handsome , respectable , and just a tad stodgy .
An inspiring biodrama about the art of leadership pioneered by Nelson Mandela based on love and forgiveness .
In those moments when Elba shows the doubts , compromises and complications that make the man , we get glimpses of a life truly lived .
There 's ultimately too much chaos and not enough control in Chadwick 's presentation of Mandela 's decades-spanning history .
This is n't an experimental narrative that knows we know the story , and so skips over key details . It 's a failed traditional biopic that feasts on our time and sends the ignorant to Wikipedia anyway .
As a primer , it 's respectable ; as cinema , it feels like a biblical gospel , always gearing up for the next big speech or moment , yet shackled by the greatness of its subject .
The film is a useful look at important history , and in the second half it grows intriguingly tangled .
Elba ... inhabits a role that was designed to be worn .
Profits from Idris Elba 's remarkable take on Mandela , which renders his greatness palpably real .
A little less rhetoric and more natural-sounding dialogue would have been desirable . Then again , the general focus on one of the world 's great political struggles is something to be appreciated in its own right .
An inspirational adaptation of Mandiba 's autobiography which more than does justice to the legacy of a triumphant freedom fighter who made many selfless sacrifices on behalf of his people .
Great Figure filmmaking that acts more as monument than living history .
It is balanced , full-bodied , heartfelt . Portraying the Mandelas as all-too-human , it is all the more moving during those moments when they soar .
At a little under two and a half hours , `` Mandela '' feels long at times - and yet , at the same time , not long enough . . Elba is a commanding actor of great subtlety and grace .
A cursory history lesson with no interest in probing the deeper or more complex implications of Mandela 's positions and their relationship to his country 's shifting landscape .
The biggest compliment for `` Mandela '' -LRB- outside of accolades to Elba -RRB- is that certain moments within this biopic construct are done well enough that we can see that certain days , weeks of Mandela 's life are worthy of a film .
There 's never a scene that encapsulates who Mandela was and why he was the driving engine in apartheid 's ultimate collapse .
With the magnificent Elba to anchor it , the film gradually achieves a sort of grandeur , in the manner of the hero it depicts .
Mandela : Long Walk To Freedom 's story and plot are flawed , but are easily overshadowed by the lead performances by Naomie Harris and an Oscar-worthy Idris Elba .
This nearly two-and-a-half-hour biopic is largely too tasteful and conventional to offer much insight into the remarkable man it wishes to celebrate .
For all its failings , there is one thing about `` Long Walk to Freedom '' that ca n't be denied : Idris Elba gives a towering performance , a Mandela for the ages .

@highlight

It might be too respectful to truly soar , but there 's no denying Idris Elba 's impressive work in Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom -- or the inspirational power of the life it depicts .