It 's a masterful essay on the value of art , but the slow burner does take a little too long to come to the boil .
Binoche is as always spectacular ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Kiarostami adopts a lush visual scheme and almost lighthearted tone that provides levity to a remarkably demanding work , one that 's as playfully deceptive and cunning as anything the director has made before .
In many respects , Certified Copy is every bit as elliptical and provocative as more transparently `` experimental '' films .
Imagine a cinematic equivalent of a Picasso cubist portrait , but instead of showing multiple perspectives of an object in an image , it presents experiences from different periods in a life in a single narrative .
While the people those characters encounter readily buy into their story as moviegoers ordinarily would , Mr. Kiarostami invites his viewers to second-guess his film and their own perceptions .
Certified Copy reminded me why I love movies .
Abbas Kiarostami 's Tuscan sun-dappled enigma is the cinematic gift that is going to keep on giving for decades .
Binoche and Shimell keep us fully engaged with their characters throughout their conversations , and Kiarostami draws us in with his signature mixture of long takes and intimate close-ups
... impossibly romantic .
I could assess the performances -LRB- Juliette Binoche is better than ever -RRB- . ... But I ca n't treat Certified Copy with a critic 's typical detachment . I 'm in love with it .
Kiarostami has woven together a veritable tapestry of the mind : here a stray thought , there an oft-disputed theory .
Tal vez intentar buscar respuestas a tantas preguntas sea no sólo una pérdida de tiempo sino contradecir el discurso sin ataduras que nos propone Kiarostami , lleno de interrogantes que no pretenden ser respondidas .
Kiarostami is quick to stimulate the mind but not the heart ; as a result he never finds a comfortable balance between intellect and emotion , leaving Copie Conforme feeling chilly and distant .
It may be merely a copy of life , but in its power , mystery , confusion and emotional resonance , ` it leads us to the original . '
The only thing I can say for certain is that we can put our trust in the hands of a master filmmaker like Kiarostami , who engages the mind at the same time he pierces the heart . `` Certified Copy '' is the real deal .
It 's like watching the two halves of Blue Valentine playing simultaneously .
... an elliptical , unresolved story that may frustrate those who want all accounts balanced by the end of the day .
So absorbing a work of such obvious mastery on all levels that one comes away immediately certain that the medium has just clicked up another notch .
If the term `` arthouse '' usually makes you cringe , -LSB- ... -RSB- you 'd better stop reading this and see what else is playing .
Were it not for the transcendent presence of Binoche -LRB- and her transfixing cleavage -RRB- , I suspect Certified Copy might feel even more like homework .
Sophisticated aspirations are realized without strain
Spoken in three different languages , with various coffee , wine , and bread products consumed by the characters , it satisfies on almost every level .
The best way to look at this is as an acting exercise . As long as your patience holds , it 's mildly diverting .
. The basic plot - a man and a woman traveling and talking - is reminiscent of Richard Linklater 's Before Sunrise/Before Sunset films , but the way in which Certified Copy calls into question the nature of reality is more akin to Inception .
Prompts many questions about the true nature of art and love , not all of them answered .
It 's fascinating , entertaining , strangely romantic .
I believe the movie is ambiguous on purpose . The director is having fun playing games with the underlying reality . This bizarre highbrow film is strictly geared for art houses . It is instantly forgettable , but Binoche gives an amazing performance .
A captivating arthouse pic that explores how the truth , like art , is always open to interpretation .
One of those films that 's a joy to watch and even more of a joy to think about afterward . It 's an amazing film that will stay with you for days , if not weeks .
The conclusion is abrupt and unsatisfying , but the philosophical dialogue Kiarostami manages to keep aloft for well over an hour touches on intriguing questions of openness , self-honesty , and personal freedom .
This one practically screams `` foreign film '' ... and that 's a good thing .
An arid , enigmatic oddity ... more an act of cinematic provocation than an affecting drama .
The movie threatens to become a sketch about a coquette and a boor squabbling at each other to little effect .
For anyone with an appreciation for such things , `` Certified Copy '' is a mental workout of the most invigorating sort .
Think Before Sunrise but more snobbishly aware of its own fancy pedigree .
A spectacularly adroit and daring piece of cinematic legerdemain , Abbas Kiarostami 's `` Certified Copy '' may be too clever for its own good .
A remarkable meditation on the meaning of art , love , history , and the definition of reality .
`` Certified Copy '' promises more than it delivers , but the limited portions are fresh .
suggests a master filmmaker comfortable in his themes and his artistry .
There 's a divinely comical lightness to Binoche here : Even in states of conniption and complaint , she 's floating , albeit manically .
Although clever , well acted , and full of nicely photographed mirrors , this feels more like an acting exercise than a genuine movie .
Certified Copy may represent a return of sorts for Kiarostami , to a film that more resembles traditional narrative storytelling -- but the structural daring typical of the director 's work over the last decade is still front and center .
Certified Copy is a fraud as a film . It is intellectually stimulating but ultimately empty . I recommend it for cinephiles but only as an academic exercise , not as a potentially profound experience .
Certified Copy is a slighter but more ingratiating film and a chance to see a master filmmaker in uncharacteristic playful mode .
`` Certified Copy '' plays out like variations on a theme , presenting various interactions between two smart people who are attracted to each other and know how to push each other 's buttons .
A film about people discussing people , which attempts to do something different ? Believe it - or not .
` My Dinner With Andre ' morphs into ` Last Year at Marienbad . '
In the end , no matter who these characters are to each other , they 've grown to mean something to us . Their emotions are true .
Certified Copy is a genuine triumph .
Kiarostami 's inverted approach to the dissection of a marriage recalls other films , like Harold Pinter 's `` Betrayal '' ...
Considers what 's real between two people , and if it should bother us when reality becomes replaced with a copy .
O que importa de fato é a percepção que temos da obra -LRB- ou , no caso , dos personagens -RRB- e a maravilhosa reflexão que esta nos inspira .
The Iranian-writer director Abbas Kiarostami has always been enthralled by the shifting planes of fantasy and reality . His latest film , Certified Copy , is his fullest expression of that entrancement .
A film as audacious and radical as any likely to see theaters this year .
It is a calm sort of dream , a serious work about love and truth and fraudulence and authenticity done with a mysteriously light touch .
Kiarostami is playing with us . That he does it so well is a consolation .
Kiarostami never completely spells things out , assuming audiences can think for themselves and appreciate all the film 's subtleties and reverberations . Let 's hope he 's right .
An elegant , erudite , existential romantic fable about middle-aged second chances .
Good questions for love and art , and people who do n't mind a movie that feels like an essay .
A feast for the eyes and a narrative that refuses to give itself away .
The film is the work of Abbas Kiarostami -- one of the foremost artists and greatest directors of our time -- and this is the first movie he 's directed outside of Iran .
A brilliant , endlessly fascinating work .
Certified Copy hits on all levels , offering a movie that 's just as complex formally as it is emotionally .
Kiarostami has a wonderful star in Juliette Binoche and an interesting find in William Shimell , a British opera singer making his dramatic-film debut .
Abbas Kiarostami 's romantic reverie presents an emotionally transcendent experience .
A film in the form of a question , but my , how lovely the inquiry is .
Abbas Kiarostami , Juliette Binoche , and Tuscany : The movie Certified Copy had me at hello .
Abbas Kiarostami deconstructs the cinematic art form in this cerebral but dialogue-heavy film featuring a luminous Juliette Binoche .
Certified Copy is not a film viewers will like , but one to be watched and re-watched , sipped like bitter wine and mulled over in the solitary moments of a single , Tuscan afternoon .
It is literate and engrossing , with excellent performances by Binoche , who won the best-actress prize last year at Cannes , and Shimell , in his screen debut .
Despite its modernist sensibility , there is little reason to be intimidated , unless you find the character of James abhorrent .
Like its central couple , the film is a volatile mix of the studied and deeply felt .
Quietly engrossing and fascinating with well-nuanced performances by Juliette Binoche and William Shimell .
a uniquely cinematic landmark
Ultimately , the film 's slow-building , eventually overwhelming emotional pull gives Certified Copy its shape and pace .
Certified Copy is something unique to Kiarostami 's career , bringing to mind an adjective I never thought I 'd append to him : adorable .
More compelling as an intellectual exercise than an emotional one .
After years of working on photography , poetry and more experimental films , Abbas Kiarostami makes an engaging return to narrative cinema in a delicate , bittersweet comedy set in romantic Italy .
A thought-provoking romantic drama about the mysteries of love and the formidable challenges of marriage .
Initially puzzling , this toying with , mixing of , fact and fiction takes getting used to . It 's for the patient few who can discuss it for long afterwards .
In this gracefully understated setting , Juliette Binoche delivers an acting master class .
Has the appeal of a middle-aged Before Sunrise .
What is cinema but an elaborate simulation that , in the hands of an artist , mines real truth from fiction ? By that criterion , Certified Copy is indeed the genuine article .
Kiarostami has become the new Kieslowski , an emigrant to Western Europe whose pretentiousness embarrasses the whole concept of art cinema-as proven by Certified Copy .
Abbas Kiarostami 's Certified Copy is exactly that : The Iranian modernist 's first feature to be shot in the West is a flawless riff on our indigenous art cinema .
This may infuriate some . It delighted me . Others might find the whole idea , well , pretentious . It 's not .
Paced like a turtle race , with all the plot of a one-line synopsis ... banal and pointless ... like the chatter of pompous university professors .
Certified Copy begins as one film and ends as another entirely ... How rare it is to be taken on a genuine ride by a movie ; to follow a path shrouded in mystery , one that is unpredictable at every turn and still intriguing after the credits roll .
While it would be wrong to classify Certified Copy as a complete disappointment , it is hard to imagine there being much of an audience for a high-falutin ' film with nothing much to say .
For a film that demands so much audience involvement , it somehow also effortlessly sweeps the viewer away .
There are times when Binoche 's enthusiastic embrace of this conceit verges on the loopy , but at least she is entertaining , as well as energetic , her aim being to encompass 15 years of marriage in one afternoon .
Certified Copy can be seen as a critique of the romantic film genre , as a slap in the face to an audience expecting an ` original ' story and as a hearty post-modern poke to the concept of originality in general .
An esoteric , sometimes stubbornly paced slice-of-life that recalls a middle-aged Before Sunset , Certified Copy is an almost-love story that ultimately drifts between moments of magnetism and tedium .
a reflective and thoughtful film . It plays even better in hindsight
Elegantly shot and precisely framed , Iranian director Kiarostami 's first European film is a playful meditation on art and life , realism and role-playing , original art and fakery , boasting a luminous performance by Juliette Binoche .
An egalitarian experience that is at once experimental and recognisably real .
Certified Copy is meant to be a stimulating philosophical experience . It succeeds sporadically .
The romantic fable of love , marriage , art and second chances may not add up to all that much but the journey is exquisite .
Fifteen years of marriage artfully compressed into a one-day road trip and a 106-minute film .
full review at Movies for the Masses
A masterpiece , and Kiarostami 's best film since The Wind Will Carry Us -LRB- 1999 -RRB- .
Offers a shambling , multilingual discourse on the nature of art and the nature of marriage .
A film like Certified Copy explodes truisms about acting . Actors may be copying real people , but they also are real people ; and while most people do n't appear in movies , human beings are constantly acting .
This is one of the great films about film , a master class in performance and character and narrative .
Deceptively simple , but very well done .
An astonishingly multilayered portrait of a romantic relationship that doubles as a commentary on the value of reproductions - and , thus , the cinema itself .
Abbas Kiarostami 's Certified Copy does n't defy you to understand it , and yet it feels almost inappropriate , tasteless even , to do so-as if you were eavesdropping on a private conversation .
Certified Copy plays like an exercise , and one whose talky script should have been tightened , but it 's a provocative and strikingly shot one .
Like Before Sunrise , this film follows two people as they roam through a setting that 's foreign to both of them . But since this is an Italian-French film by an Iranian filmmaker , it 's also oddly playful and provocative .
Kiarostami keeps us guessing , while Binoche drives the movie with a performance that earned her Cannes ' Best Actress award .
When you see Juliette Binoche , in front of you , looking happy , you truly know what it is to have such a person looking back happily at you . That 's worth a dozen dumb rom-coms .
A playful , sun-kissed musing on the blurring of art and life , artifice and reality .
Simultaneously frustrating and fascinating .
Both extremely boring and utterly fascinating ...
What a winding , beguiling film Abbas Kiarostami has made .
Persistently baffling , contrived , and often simply bizarre -- a highbrow misfire of the most peculiar sort .
Beautiful , elegant , sharp -- just not as much as it thinks it is .
Broadly a two-hander , Kiarostami 's film touches on love , marriage and art , feeling at times like a dry seminar .
An exceptional film that plays with what is real and what is imagination .
If there 's a problem with the film , it 's the idea that two people would instinctively choose to immerse themselves in unbroken role play .
The movie 's strengths are a teasing script and Binoche 's chameleon-emotioned performance , which won the Best Actress prize at Cannes .
A carefully crafted work that contemplates the memories we choose to treasure and those we choose to forget .
This deceptively slim film might not be Kiarostami at his most heavyweight , but it 's a rewarding and mischievous slice of cerebral entertainment .
An exhibition in arthouse for arthouse 's sake , Certified Copy does n't do enough to draw a second glance from lovers of the movement nor mainstream cinemagoers alike .


@highlight

The main stars are absolutely perfect in this absorbing , existential drama that dissects human relationships .