Alas , beneath the visual hanky-panky stretches a thin , hackneyed plot that was done to death in the SF magazines and third-rate films of the Fifties .
What the film is ` about ' , in a way , is its own illusionism , the process by which it creates a world we are invited to share .
40 years after the film 's release , the only thing that 's aged is me .
Spielberg 's wondrous movie has remained its own thing , which is something of a miracle .
`` Close Encounters '' proves to be a magic act with dramatic interludes .
To get to the bottom line with minimum delay , Close Encounters of the Third Kind is a terrific movie , with every possibility of equaling the box office popularity of Star Wars .
Time for another encounter .
It 's a big ol' mess of a movie , but an extremely lovable one .
Spielberg 's greatest work .
Obviously -LSB- Spielberg -RSB- had a ball with Close Encounters , and his pleasure in tinkertoying it together makes it enjoyable , mildly funny and -- in one sequence -- even credible .
-LSB- Spielberg 's -RSB- new movie is richer and more ambitious than Jaws , and it reaches the viewer at a far more profound level than Star Wars .
The story of a cosmic visitation among ordinary folk-turned-obsessives , Spielberg 's masterpiece is that rare blockbuster -- at once grown-up , yet full of fairytale , childlike wonder .
It must weather some bummy mid-passage exposition , but the movie survive its flaws triumphantly , evolving into a uniquely transporting filmgoing spectacle .
The special effects are spectacular , John Williams 's score is emotionally charged , nouvelle vague director François Truffaut makes an elegant UFO expert and it 's impossible not to get caught up in the protracted climax .
Another classic from Spielberg 's most fertile period .
In Spielberg , the cosmic has dinner-table consequences .
A film of visual awe , but it 's not much of a human story . Close Encounters is a terrific bit of imagineering , but ultimately is a minor work in the Spielberg filmography .
Suspenseful , thoughtful alien-encounter classic .
perhaps , my favourite alien movie ever
Though made the same year , Spielberg 's awe-inspiring sci-fi fable has held much better than Star Wars due to his sublime crafstmanship , which benefits from sharp imagery and F/X , and engaging story and charcaters , well-acted by Richard Dreyfuss and others
It plays out as a film buff 's idea of what a UFO sighting would be like if it could be a cross between a Disney theme park and a 1970s light show at a disco .
One of the great moviegoing experiences .
This is dopey Hollywood mysticism all right , but thanks to considerable craft and showmanship , it packs an undeniable punch .
A daring film concept which in its special and technical effects has been superbly realized .
The first film in years to give its audiences a tingle of shocked emotion that is not entirely based either on fear or on suspense .
Spielberg answers the `` Are we alone ? '' question in fine form .
Not even Spielberg makes them as they used to .
Has just not held up .
The best -- the most elaborate -- 1950 's science fiction movie ever made , a work that borrows its narrative shape and its concerns from those earlier films , but enhances them with what looks like the latest developments in movie and space technology .
What I could see of the special effects were wonderful , and they hold up over time , unlike many sci-fi movies . The landing scene at the end still fills you with wonder and amazement .
Build a monolith , and they will come .
Viewing Close Encounters we are reduced to a childlike perception , overwhelmed by the luster and might of the vision before us .
Definitive cut of director Steven Spielberg 's masterpiece is n't just great science fiction : It 's great art .
Despite finding the ending to be a little anticlimactic , I still enjoyed this movie very much .
Real smart and touching , in an unusual way .
Masterwork thriller about UFOs .
Close Encounters of the Third Kind is unquestionably a great movie .
A thrilling adventure story and a brilliant example of the art and craft of movie making .
By the end , we 're swept away by the wonder of discovery ; it 's enough to thrill even a sci-fi sceptic .
Saturated with imagery that fascinates , terrifies , and utterly consumes the viewer with the desire to discover the secret that 's eating away at the on-screen characters .
Spielberg is nothing if not adept at punching our buttons and making us puppets in his hands .
The film ... lacks blockbuster detachment .
... a masterful motion picture all around ... where the interactions of its characters are equally important as the wizardry of the special effects .
Years ahead of it 's time in terms of SFX , it 's a masterpiece of wide-eyed whimsy .
May be the greatest film ever made about the meeting of the rational and the mystical .
Close Encounters of the Third Kind is a humanistic postmodern masterpiece .
Close Encounters of the Third Kind -LRB- 1977 -RRB- is director/writer Steven Spielberg 's first film after the enormously successful Jaws -LRB- 1975 -RRB- .
This ` collector 's edition ' will probably go down in film history as the definitive one unless , like me , you think the movie works best in its original version , wherein the special effects of adult delinquency are left unknown .
-LSB- A -RSB- great movie , and one of the rare uplifting experiences in modern cinema .










@highlight

Close Encounters of the Third Kind is deeply humane sci-fi exploring male obsession , cosmic mysticism , and music .