You know a movie like this is working when it holds you tight and nervous in every moment , even when very little is happening .
Whether you go with this idea might depend on how many times you 've seen it before , in sentimental American films . The fact that the film is more artful does n't make the ghost of the mother less of a cliche .
Genova fails to provide the view with much that is satisfying and instead accomplishes only a superficial examination of grief and the way people respond .
A beautifully observed , moving , yet unfocused story about a professor -LRB- Colin Firth -RRB- and his two daughters , dealing with the intensities of feeling after a death in the family .
An elegant , traumatic but ultimately rewarding tale that will leave you glad to have made the trip .
It 's an extremely well-made film , but just a bit too subdued for my taste .
Though he labours the symbolism of the maze , Winterbottom infuses this otherwise subtle observational drama with the verisimilitude that has become his chief style signature .
A brooding drama about grief , which is greatly aided by the performances and its scenic locations .
A delightful sojourn for one indie filmmaker and his cast and crew in a fascinating old Italian town .
Mainstream audiences may rue the lack of a dramatic arc or conventional plot , but this beautifully photographed and emotive tale proves to be achingly authentic and heartfelt without resorting to perfunctory flashbacks and soppy musical montages .
I did n't know Michael Winterbottom could make a dull movie until now . Genova , otherwise known perhaps as The Narrow Lanes of Genova , is a strange film which seems to have lost its bearings and its direction somewhere between concept and production
Life affirming and warm , Genova captures a great sense of place as we explore the intricate maze of cobbled streets , the historic buildings with peeling facades and well-worn green shutters , sunny beaches and dense forests
Genova conveys its strongest themes through insinuation , and modulates its shifting moods through Winterbottom 's precisely calibrated DV processing .
Winterbottom employs a naturalistic style that , in its self-conscious flatness , becomes an affectation , and the complete , wanton lack of any kind of drama is frustrating .
A tender and touching film .
Spree killer thrillers , experimental rockumentaries , adaptations of unadaptable books and now supernatural dramas - is there anything Michael Winterbottom can not do ?
With a stronger third act and less spiritual flounce this could have been something really special , but as it stands its merely a solid entry in the versatile writer/director 's CV that will no doubt be eclipsed by whatever he chooses to do next .
There is a vague sense of unease in the air but this remains a tedious movie in which everything remains unspoken , underdeveloped and annoyingly inconclusive .
Part psychodrama , part Italian travelogue , Michael Winterbottom 's latest is the progeny of an A-list film-maker and B-movie material .
There 's a powerful emotional undertone to this film that overcomes its slightly thin structure and give us plenty to chew on , especially if we 've experienced some sort of personal tragedy .
A film that 's ambiguous , involving and very intelligent indeed .
After his playful turn in Mamma Mia ! , Firth cuts an altogether more sombre figure in this thoughtful study of bereavement . With no shock twist or homicidal dwarf up its sleeve , though , Winterbottom 's film seems a little self-defeating .
As solid as you 'd look for from Winterbottom and this cast , but the touches of supernatural thriller in an otherwise rather conventional coming-to-terms-with-bereavement drama are n't entirely convincing .
It can be to mix a strange city with devastating loss . It 's at once a deeply sad film and a deeply truthful and optimistic one .
Winterbottom tries to make a modern and meaningful parable . He fails quite miserably .
It is impossible not to admire the fluency and intelligence of Winterbottom 's film-making , and his prolific output . Yet Genova is a disappointment , more like a tentative sketch for a movie than the actual finished product .
This study in grief has a constricted , somewhat calculated feel - it 's missing the torn-from-the-headlines urgency of his best work .
Locations are beautiful , but it is all rather straightforward and plodding .
Credit , though , has to go to Winterbottom for the way he uses Genova 's menacing alleys and chaotic traffic to create tension .
Join up the dots in Michael Winterbottom 's new film and you get the outline of a shaggy dog . But if Genova meanders , it has an ensorcelling , even zodiacal charm .
I suspect the director was aiming for a sun-blessed version of Do n't Look Now , but his ghost story conjures neither suspense nor intrigue .
This film by director Michael Winterbottom has one outstanding element : his gently naturalistic capturing of family dynamics .
This is a much more intimately reflective drama than Winterbottom usually supplies , and it tells us a lot about loss in a dozen small ways . The cast , particularly the children , do the director proud .
It 's an absorbing piece of work , and the entire production 's got talent stamped through it like a stick of rock .
Beautifully acted and rich in atmosphere , what follows is an intriguing , deeply felt , intelligent exploration of the way family members can find their way back to one another after tragedy threatens to push them apart .
Slow pace dilutes the few moments of tension . A genre should have been picked and stuck with .
... sustains one 's interest from start to finish .
Oikogeneiako drama se forma psyhologikoy thriler poy soy dialyei to manikioyr , me stoiheia metafysikoy na dieyrynoyn to lyrismo toy
Haunting , suspenseful and powerfully emotional , this is a brilliantly directed drama with terrific performances from Firth , Holland and Haney-Jardine .
-LSB- Winterbottom -RSB- ca n't quite decide which well-trodden path to walk , either of domestic drama or of supernatural riddle , which should have been a sign that he has n't really committed to this project .




@highlight

Michael Winterbottom 's tale of grief and mourning , though frustrating in places , is intelligent filmmaking with superb central performances .