The images combine with Cobain 's voiceover for a cumulative effect that seeps into the film rather than exploding onto it .
Filmmaker AJ Schnack uses 25-hours of previously unheard audio interviews with Cobain as voice over for footage of Cobain haunts . The images are mesmerizing , but Cobain never appears on screen , and he is missed .
As an illustrated audio tour through the life of a gifted but self-destructive performer , ` About a Son ' is enlightening to a point , but one has to wonder when filmmakers will stop exhuming the corpse of a man who desperately craved privacy .
AJ Schnack 's Kurt Cobain : About a Son is as gripping and revealing as Gus Van Sant 's Last Days was hollow and pointless .
Shaped from Cobain 's own words , the film tells his story with care , in inventive style and without phony reverence or pretentious pronouncements .
Most of the material has never been made public before , so the movie is a must-see for Cobain fans . Even for non-fans , it is quite an astonishing document . Up to a point .
Only loosely connected to the story , the visuals quickly grow monotonous .
Allows the fans that the legendary musician will keep gathering for decades to come a brief look inside Cobain 's troubled mind , and it does so in a refreshingly bold and innovative way .
A fascinating plunge into one man 's thicket of contradictions .
There is much to fault in this tedious exercise in pseudo-hipster cool masquerading as , well , what exactly ?
Startlingly de-mythologizing at first , then just plain poignant ... it 's fascinating to reconcile Cobain 's slacker howl over chipping guitar chords with a sodden Pacific Northwest of logging trucks and fishing boats .
The ending section , where Schnack and Azerrad let Cobain ramble philosophically about life and music , is a muddled intellectual mess .
Many of the images are n't particularly compelling and neither , frankly , are Cobain 's comments , which range from dull anti-press diatribes to familiar stories about the musical influence of his Aunt Mary to inarticulate blather .
It 's easy to get lost in his words , especially if you 're a fan . I ended up enjoying the film overall , even if I had to wonder whether Cobain himself would have approved of a film like this .
Cobain narrates the tale of his all-too-short life , musing on his successes , loves , letdowns , motivations and depression .
Kurt Cobain About a Son is a lovely piece of filmmaking , a gripping , minimalist marriage of sound and image .
The unique style of the film makes it a music and art house fan 's must and , if you are a fan of Kurt Cobain , yours too .
... essential viewing for any real fan of the man and his music and an artfully unique take on the musical biographical documentary genre .
As important for what it reveals about a seminal and grievously misunderstood artist as for how it rejuvenates a moribund documentary form .
Less a movie than an illustrated audiotape , Kurt Cobain : About a Son is nonetheless fascinating for what it reveals of its subject ,
This is n't so much a movie documentary as it is an audio book with visuals .
Personally , I would have preferred to just listen to a CD of Azerrad 's engrossing interview in my car -- then pop in a Nirvana album for the rest of the drive home . Smells like a fine idea to me .
About A Son may not let in anybody who does n't already have one foot in Nirvana 's doorway , but those people are invited in fully , to experience the contradictions and preoccupations of a man whose music defined his era .
There 's definitely an anti-doc vibe going on here , which is fitting for a man who refused to conform during a short but productive life .
The film often feels like a ghost story narrated by the ghost himself and works best when it is visually more impressionistic . Images of empty rooms and landscapes are far more evocative than the Cobain stand-ins the filmmakers occasionally deploy .
A deeply personal movie about a gifted , complicated man who could never shake the feeling that he did n't belong .
About a Son is essential viewing for what remains of the Nirvana/Kurt Cobain cult , interesting but more problematic fare for everyone else .
So personal and intimate that it begs only one major question -LRB- usually answered by traditional documentaries -RRB- : Does Cobain really deserve this honor and attention ?
About a Son is essentially a dead rock star talking about his life for an hour-and-a-half . And it 's deeply moving .
You 'll come out of this knowing more about Cobain 's self-destructive talent , and lifelong depression , than a more conventional treatment could offer .
It 's hard to know who the audience might be for the documentary oddity Kurt Cobain About a Son , but I bet its subject would have hated it .
If you 've ever been a fan of Cobain 's music and want to learn what made him tick , this film is an amazing experience that 's not to be missed .
A lone voice caught in solo flight , the results range from hypnotic and eloquent to infuriatingly arrogant and self-indulgent . But somewhere in between are glimpses of a transient soul passing through a painful planet , seeking an elusive Nirvana .
Austerely beautiful and deeply moving -- a total immersion in the world from which Cobain came and which he left permanently altered not long after .
Throughout the film there is a maddening lack of context .
A touching , heartbreaking and an ultimately honest personal experience . But when all is said and done , all that is really there is the complexity of Kurt Cobain , explained as only the man himself could .
For those who can get past the visual absence of Cobain and the aural absence of his music on the excellent soundtrack , this is an indelible autobiographical document .
... generally does an effective job of matching Cobain 's musings with visuals that are often stunning ...
Impressionistic docu Kurt Cobain : About a Son is a counterpoint to the iconic late Nirvana rocker 's legacy .




@highlight

With a constant voiceover of his own words , About A Son is a deeply personal look into Cobain 's life that is sure to please his many fans .