As much about the ethos of The Who and how it evolved as it is about their managers , Lambert & Stamp is essential for anyone with a passing interest in the band and the era in which they were at their prime .
Cooper 's cinematic scrapbook captures a relentless whirlwind of explosive rock history , in which a non-linear narrative and slick cinematography rollicks furiously through the decades , rooting the audience directly in the band 's volcanic timeline .
Though it 's not just for Who fans , those well-versed in the band will enjoy picking out some of the more obscure , copyright-friendly songs used in the appropriately loud soundtrack .
Lambert played an essential role in encouraging Pete Townshend 's songwriting , which is an important tidbit , but most of the info here wo n't be new to Who fans . That early footage , on the other hand , is documentary gold .
`` A fresh and invigorating film that avoids many of the clichés of the ` rockumentary . ' ''
Cinematographer James D. Cooper makes his directorial debut with this entertaining , if incomplete , account of how the six men made it together as far as the creation of the rock opera Tommy before self - destructing .
I did not think a documentary about The Who could possibly surprise me .
Kit Lambert and Chris Stamp were part of London 's '60s rock scene , though not as performers but as managers , promoters , producers , and mentors .
Overall , `` Lambert & Stamp '' is a fascinating documentary of two men , one of the great rock bands and a moment in time .
The film does go on at least 20 minutes too long and requires the viewer to take The Who 's laughable excesses - notably the vainglorious Tommy - more seriously than they deserve .
Despite its promising ingredients , `` Lambert and Stamp '' wanders off key .
With an interesting topic and a wealth of truly amazing file footage , it manages to be so unfocused it becomes for hardcore fans only .
An entertaining portrait of the two colorful impresarios who more or less discovered and nurtured The Who as the band evolved from the underground darling of the Mod subculture into an international arena rock powerhouse .
True Who fans know these stories , but will be happy to hear them again anyway thanks to relatively new interviews with the likes of Townshend and Daltrey .
The movie loses its early momentum , when `` Lambert and Stamp '' so vividly captures the energy of 1960s England , the sounds and images of a generation coming of age .
Opens the window on a pivotal time in 1960s -LRB- and early 1970s -RRB- pop culture .
In modern film there 's a genre that is original , bracing , and meaningful .
There are candid interviews from Stamp , Pete Townshend and Roger Daltrey and pleasurable acres of archival footage .
The story of these two make-it-up-as-you-go-along chancers is as fascinating as it is unbelievable .
Turns out the two men who discovered The Who are n't as interesting as The Who .
Lambert and Stamp are at least a bit fascinating , or at least somewhat interesting . But this film runs nearly two hours . They are at best an hour-and-a-half 's worth of interesting .
This offers an often fascinating insider 's view of the Who from those who put them on the path to fame .
Lambert & Stamp is at its best when it chronicles the high-wire act of the band 's early years , as the pair guided the band through ever-greater levels of success .
A rewarding and informative document of some unlikely visionaries of maximum rock & roll .
An engrossing business story that approaches the band as a showbiz concern , recognizing the two managers as full creative partners and probing their relationships with the fractious musicians .
In many ways , Lambert & Stamp is the ultimate mismatched buddy movie . The difference is , this vivid , fascinating documentary is true .
The film is colourful and humorous in its evocation of Swinging London and celebration of Lambert 's idiosyncrasies .
A rockumentary with a better story than most , and a better way of telling it .
A rollicking good time of backstage dishing about swinging '60s London and the origins of The Who .
There 's a cool 1960s beat to this documentary , which explores the creation of The Who through the eyes of the two men who made them stars , Kit Lambert and Chris Stamp ...
A decent look back at an era of great music and iconic personalities that reminds how overdue a Keith Moon biopic is . Please cast Jason Schwartzman in that .
This fascinating documentary - packed by cinematographer-turned-documentarian James D Cooper with a kaleidoscope of archive footage and informed by illuminating , funny and affectionate interviews - can scarcely fail to entertain and charm .
At two hours , things get flabby around the rock-opera era , but the film fizzes and clatters with anecdotes .
Not only a music documentary that 's worthy of its subject , but an exceptional work of pure filmmaking .
Just when you think all the great rock and roll stories have been told , along comes `` Lambert & Stamp , '' about two guys from different sides of the tracks who guided The Who to guitar-smashing glory .
You might call this a business story . But I call it a love story , and I think director Cooper might , too .
There is a good reason most music documentaries focus on bands rather than the brains behind them .
Who fans will be this film 's biggest audience , but the storytelling is limited by the fact that Lambert died in 1981 -LRB- of alcohol and drug abuse -RRB- .
The two fellows who managed the Who are n't so well known , but what they represent about their era - and the extent to which they documented it - makes `` Lambert & Stamp '' the cinematic equivalent of an ambitious double album .
Must-see rock doc .
From this vantage point , what 's most miraculous is that , almost by accident , Lambert and Stamp corralled the chaos of four unsightly , sulky talents and fashioned it into something for the ages .
Lambert and Stamp played a crucial , heretofore largely hidden , role in shaping pop-culture history - not to mention the noisy , visceral , rebellious zeitgeist of th-th-th-their generation .
Refreshingly free-form , rough-riffing , pastiche portrait of an era .
Proves the value in having an oral history experienced visually rather than just verbally .
If you 're not a world-class Who fan , this is deep inside baseball . If , like me , you are , it seems like a missed opportunity ...
The film is fascinating in its exploration of the give-and-take between art and commerce .
The fascinating part of this origin story is that one of history 's best known bands found success not at the hands of a music producer but in the custody of two filmmakers .
`` Lambert & Stamp '' is a niche film , but it is a big niche with generations of Who fans that have been loyal to the band for decades .
You do n't need to be fan of The Who to enjoy this documentary . It 's universal themes include an analysis of opposites attracting , genius marketing , creative nurturing and the inevitable clashing dynamics of a rock 'n roll band .
First things first : If you 're a fan of The Who , you 're going to love Lambert & Stamp .
A vital and untethered account of one of the prime bands of its era , along with a revealing portrait of that era .
Lovingly documents the ways in which two unlikely men , largely improvising through an unfamiliar world , harnessed a unique energy that still propels one of the great bands .
Fascinating , but almost as chaotic and disorganized as the band itself
For all the Who 's flamboyance and rock-god excess , the more fascinating story behind them may well have been that of Kit Lambert and Chris Stamp ...
A sharply crafted , highly entertaining portrait of two young Londoners who made their names and fortunes by managing a fledgling band called the High Numbers , who became The Who .
The band 's first managers take center stage in this fascinating time capsule of swinging '60s London : Kit Lambert was a blue blood with a dizzying musical IQ ; Chris Stamp had the Carnaby Street flash .
What sets Lambert & Stamp apart from the common rock documentary is that its focus is n't on the band , but the big-thinking management duo behind them ... It 's a refreshing angle .
Although Lambert . . died in 1981 , his presence is felt in the rich archival footage and the perceptive on-screen accounts that compellingly demonstrate the alchemy that can transpire when kismet and perseverance intersect ...
There is enough archival footage to make you feel as if you were there , or at least sorry that you missed it all .
They were n't much to look at , but with a little backstage help , they saw for miles . Lambert & Stamp never makes it so far , but it 's an admirable addendum to rock history .
Fans of The Who will find this film a rock Rosetta Stone . Students of the often anarchic creative process will be fascinated .
Pop oral history at its most formless and fannish : fixated on juicy tidbits , points of influences , and historical cameos , and sorely lacking a point of view .
Many great docs have been made about The Who -LRB- including the ecstatic `` The Kids Are All Right '' -RRB- , but `` Lambert & Stamp '' gets closest to the band 's fragility and unlikely story .
Shot through with '60s London energy , illuminating on several fronts and featuring bits of many great Who tracks , the film is nevertheless a mess that should be taught in film schools to illustrate how not to edit a documentary .
James D. Cooper treats Lambert & Stamp as the cinematic equivalent of a rich oral history , letting the principal players talk , often at length , about their experiences .
-LSB- Lambert & Stamp -RSB- will mean the most for those with a deep appreciation for the minutiae of British rock 40 years ago .
The rare truthful and beautiful film about the rock 'n' roll life .
Riotously entertaining .
Blessed with a wealth of golden b & w footage , James D. Cooper 's poundingly fun , scrappy profile has an unusually satisfying nuts-and-bolts perspective on the '60s fame machine .
A wonderfully alive behind-the-music chronicle that rescues two genuine mavericks from the footnotes of rock history .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Even if you 've never heard of `` The Who , '' as improbable as that seems , `` Lambert & Stamp '' is an infectiously captivating retelling of that brilliant band 's origin and strange journeys ...
James D. Cooper 's impeccably directed debut is a definitive screen bio of the Who and its-rock operatic rise .

@highlight

A sharp accounting of an era framed through the early adventures of the Who and the managers who helped make them famous , Lambert & Stamp should prove fascinating for fans and novices alike .