The Way Way Back relishes in burying its protagonist in a hole so the audience can feel elation while he digs himself out again .
What Faxon and Rash get right is snappy dialogue for -LSB- Sam -RSB- Rockwell , who aces this , and hilariously inappropriate monologues for Allison Janney , priceless as the blowsy , boozy next-door neighbour . Those two bag this an extra star .
While it does n't always stick the landing and the plot threads feel a little clumsily tied , The Way , Way Back succeeds where it counts with its big , sloppy heart .
Collette gives a nervy performance as Pam , but the real stars are Janney and Rockwell , and a quirky script by Nat Faxon and Jim Rash .
Carell convincingly plays against type , Rockwell turns in one of his finest performances to date , and the picture 's younger cast members uniformly impress .
The Way Way Back has its heaviness , but in the end it floats to the surface and lodges .
An astoundingly sweet , lovable , immensely enjoyable little film that hits all the right notes as you 're watching it thanks to its excellent cast .
The film has been complacently concocted for likability even as it gives you very little that 's real , structured , or spontaneous enough to enjoy .
The story has some of the lighthearted fun a boy should have working for a fun-loving boss and enjoying the company of a hot girlfriend , but he should be having a lot more fun than this .
This coming-of-age comedy/drama rings emotionally false during many of its jacked-up , stacked-deck emotional confrontations and mistakes obnoxiousness for personality in almost every adult character .
If you 're first act was writing the Oscar winning screenplay for `` The Descendants , '' looking for an encore can be tough . But Nat Faxon and Jim Rash leveraged that win and made the leap to directing their own small-budget , bighearted coming of age comedy .
`` The Way Way Back '' is a sharply written comedy that 's full of wise and wise-guy moments .
The Way Way Back is a real crowd-pleasing charmer that breaks free of its familiar trappings with consistent humor and personal touches .
Nice comedic work from Sam Rockwell and Allison Janney buoys this pleasant but routine coming-of-age drama by Nat Faxon and Jim Rash .
Funny , touching and irresistibly charming , The Way , Way Back is a coming-of-age comedy that gets the pains and joys and , above all , awkwardness of adolescence spot on .
More charm and original laughs than most recent coming-of-age films ... overcomes its contrived formula -LRB- dysfunctional adults , kids as victims -RRB- aided greatly by Rockwell .
Not a subtle film , but honest , intelligent and very funny .
The most inspiring example of how to nurture confident responsibility in the young since Clint Eastwood 's seminal Gran Torino -LRB- 2009 -RRB- .
Sam Rockwell makes the biggest splash with a sizzling supporting performance . Not only is he naturally funny , but he has the great ability to make every sharp line of dialogue sound freshly improvised .
Collette and Carell endow their characters with poignancy and authenticity , while Rockwell and Janney are superb at wringing every possible bit of humour out of the sparky dialogue .
The story manages to be both very familiar and somehow not quite believable , in part because the characters feel contrived .
Never mind the text ; feel the texture .
For all the longueurs , there are still enough moments of near brilliance to sustain you through the trip .
An especially strong script gives actors plenty to chew on in this comedy-drama , in which writer-directors Faxon and Rash -LRB- The Descendants -RRB- take an observant look at the awkward connections we make with each other .
Warm , funny - and even fresh .
A coming-of-age tale by numbers that do n't all add up .
The dialogue sparkles , delivered by a cast on top of their game , in a movie that aims for subtlety rather than bravado .
One of the more achingly poignant stories of awkward -LRB- male -RRB- adolescence I 've seen , and one of the best movies of 2013 -LRB- so far -RRB- . Sam Rockwell steals this movie more than he has ever stolen a movie before .
This film 's masterstroke is showing everything from Duncan 's point of view , without the traditional cloying narration .
The Way , Way Back is an extremely difficult film to dislike , as one that has an amiable tone and series of endearing characters .
It 's a sunny , funny and genuinely heart-warming watch .
It is likeable , and has some moments of truthfulness underneath the clichés .
A film for every age , whether you 're an awkward kid , former awkward kid or awkward kid-adjacent . Funny , real and uplifting . A film that reaffirms your belief in the human spirit .
Deft , well-etched dramedy about the awkwardness of adolescence .
In winning an Oscar for their adapted screenplay of `` The Descendants , '' ex-Groundlings comics Faxon and Rash proved they can turn a poignant phrase and still produce enough humor to save the day . They certainly turn the same trick here ...
A pretty safe bet for a fun time no matter your age - a bit like a day at a water park , really .
Crafted with much TLC and sympathy , it 's perfectly tailored to the tongue-tied teen in us all .
Provides a much-needed respite from overbearingly big summer movies . Think of it as a soothing breeze in the midst of a lot of blustering gales .
If this is hardly groundbreaking -LRB- just swap James ' character from Jesse Eisenberg 's in the similar theme-park set Adventureland -RRB- , what works is how Faxon and Rash show the angst is n't all adolescent .
This is all seen through near-unknown James ' eyes , and he makes Duncan a credible , even likeable ` hero ' even while his inexpressive sullenness drives you mad .
A small , personal film that hits all the right notes while showing great acting in the process .
... a perfectly watchable yet all-too-forgettable coming-of-age comedy .
Because there are a lot of memorable characters like Betty in ` The Way , Way Back , ' Duncan 's suffering and eventual triumph become a viewer 's delight .
The character-laden pic seamlessly blends together comedy with dramatic serious life lessons , and is observant , poignant and its heart is in the right place .
Like its summer cousin , The Kings of Summer , The Way Way Back connects the adult in all of us to the kid we once were . Or at least who some of us were at one time .
A moving bit of business about a boy learning the secret to making life a day at the beach and the best work yet from two guys who really do go way , way back .
This warm and upbeat coming-of-age story is brought to life by some dazzling comic writing and the wonderful performances of Sam Rockwell and Allison Janney .
Why are so many coming-of-age movies set in the summer ? Because that 's when teenagers have certain freedom to pursue love , which often ends in heartbreak . ` The Way Way Back ' is a summer coming-of-age tale that 's realistic , funny and bittersweet .
If you 're tired of superhero movies and want to be charmed by a heart-warming comedy , this is the film for you .
A puzzling mix of Meatballs and '70s loco parentis drama , with authentic loco parents .
It certainly does n't break the mould , but coming-of-age drama The Way , Way Back , from writer / directors Nat Faxon and Jim Rash , is sweet , gently funny , and full of terrific attention to detail .
The screenplay is unoriginal and even perhaps overstated ; but it is rescued not only by outstanding performances but the observations that drive the characters
The film 's pleasures lie in its characterizations coupled with the actions and reactions of its characters . It 's real and engaging , with humour and sadness seasoning the action
Aside from Carell 's limited turn at doing nasty , it all feels terribly familiar , in a half-baked , Little Miss Sunshine-lite sort of way .
Like many of the best films in this genre The Way , Way Back is rooted in truth : honest observations about family dynamics , adolescence , dependence and independence .
An unexpected yet irresistible cross between Meatballs and The Ice Storm , The Way Way Back just may be the best movie of the summer .
The film never becomes corny . The characters ' actions - both good and bad - seem wholly authentic , even if they are n't the first time you 've seen this happen in a film .
You would have to go way , way back to find a film as touching , funny and smart as this one .
Personal reflections of adolescence automatically tug you into a story and it feels manipulative , but this film lovingly retraces pubescent steps with mirth .
Liam James is the introverted heart of the film , and is somewhat of a revelation . His perfect portrayal of a skittish boy who is forced to become assertive anchors the whole movie and makes it a coming-of-age story worth revisiting .
... a tender and charming account of an angst-ridden teenage loner who finds inspiration in the most unlikely places during an otherwise disastrous vacation .
If ` Meatballs ' were relocated from a summer camp to a water park and reworked into a semi - ` serious ' film , with half its running time devoted to Chris Makepeace 's poignant back story and dysfunctional home life , it would be something like this .
While it 's been a dismal summer for movies made FOR teenage boys -LRB- Pacific Rim , The Lone Ranger , Man of Steel -RRB- , it 's been an exemplary one for films made ABOUT teenage boys -LRB- The Kings of Summer , Mud and now The Way , Way Back -RRB- .
Faxon and Rash are more than competent behind the camera and the film flows smoothly , easily mixing laughter with tears without being heavy handed . I would n't be surprised to see it on Oscar 's short list next year .
Sam Rockwell is a kick , but the rest of the film runs rather flat .
A sweet and sour summer song of a movie , it 's one of this season 's best reasons to go to the movies .
The coming-of-age tale The Way , Way Back is sweet , heartfelt and utterly trite and predictable from beginning to end .
It 's easy to point out that The Way , Way Back is no Descendants . It 's better to say that it 's not even in the same league as that amazing cinematic celebration of life , death , and family .
It might sound like well-covered ground - you know : hopelessly awkward kid struggles to transition from boyhood to manhood - but it 's a compelling and surprisingly sweet ride .
Coming of age in a water park
-LRB- The -RRB- dialogue is a notch too clever for its own good . But the performances are enjoyable .
What I do know is this : I had a thoroughly enjoyable time watching `` The Way , Way Back '' and Sam Rockwell needs to be in more movies -LRB- although I kinda knew that beforehand -RRB- .
Naxon and Rash succeed in not only creating the emotional attachment to the characters , but also in blending the humor and drama together without having one overpowering the other . As a result , they 've crafted one of the best films of the year thus far .
The characters in `` The Way , Way Back '' end up exactly where we expect them to , and it 's a genuine pleasure to watch them get there .
While its broad strokes do n't break any new ground , its surprise and charm are in the small details and individual performances .
Aiming for a middle path between drama and comedy , `` The Way Way Back '' is so overloaded with jokes that it could sink in the water hazard , but on the final scorecard , sure enough , it 's in the hole .
A completely superficial and contrived story without an ounce of genuine emotion .
It does n't yank on your heartstrings , though you 'll be touched gently at last . It does n't insult your intelligence . -LRB- Indeed , it presumes you have some left . -RRB-
The jokes are often double-edged , the performances always spot-on . The Way , Way Back does n't re-invent the teenage turning point genre , but Faxon and Rash offer a breezy new spin . You 'll see more inventive movies this year but few more endearing .
Faxon and Nash , who won an Oscar for The Descendants , wrote the screenplay based on their own childhood memories of water park anarchy and substitute fathers , and probably were inspired more than a little by classic summer camp comedy Meatballs -LRB- 1978 -RRB- .
Though the trip is a bit bumpy - for us as well as Duncan and his mom - it 's a trip worth taking .
Nostalgia often tinges our memories in soft , warm colors ; something like The Way Way Back reminds us of the good , the bad , and the cringe-worthy .
A charming , deep and delightful coming-of-age comedy .
Once again , the oppressed American teen-ager lopes and shuffles to center stage , there to display his woes .
The film , warm and sunshiny , examines the awkward limbo status between childhood and young adulthood with tart humor .
Despite committed and charming performances from the cast , The Way , Way Back is little more than a run-of-the-mill addition to the coming-of-age genre .
In a summer filled with big budget blockbusters , leave it to a quaint coming-of-age comedy to stand out as the best of the season .
It 's an endearingly modest small-scale film that lets its actors shine , portends a promising career for Nat Faxon and Jim Rash as directors , and will hopefully get Sam Rockwell the awards buzz he 's richly deserved for years .
The sometimes airy , sometimes claustrophobic ambiance fills you with the same bittersweet feeling as spinning a half-forgotten Golden Oldie at a backyard cookout .
The film 's primary pleasure is watching James communicate Duncan 's growing confidence in the acceleration of his stride or the occasional unguarded smile . It 's a likable acting turn , though one the film does not always serve honestly .
One of those summer juice pops designed to make Vitamin C appealing . ... -LSB- But -RSB- worth seeing because its first-rate cast makes a decent script way , way better .
sneaky in the way it sets up a series of conventional themes and characters but slowly twists each of them , resulting in an experience that is subtly revelatory
It 's a charmer , even if it does n't necessarily improve upon the genre .
Once it finds its groove , The Way , Way Back is a fairly entertaining dramatic comedy . Sam Rockwell is at his absolute best .
Waterslides and infidelity just do n't go together .
A mediocre , subpar version of a movie that we 've seen many times before .
It works because the impeccable cast nails the humanity and vulnerability of their characters .
It does n't exactly break any new ground , but Rash and his collaborator Nat Faxon have crafted a winning script and collected a stellar cast to make it sing .
All they needed to do was give Rockwell and James a couple of tender moments together that did n't feel like a Big Brothers training video , or a Dane Cook monologue .
Any movie that lifts from both `` This Boy 's Life '' and `` Meatballs '' is a rarefied creation , and in this case a pretty wonderful movie .
Feels familiar , but in a good way , like a comfortably rumpled beach house you 're happy to return to year after year .
Faxon and Rash cut Duncan a clear , broad path to growth and perspective , but the audience can see where it 's going long before it gets there .
`` The Way , Way Back '' is a nifty blend of humor , heart and drama .
A sly , richly modulated , emotionally engaging , and brutally honest film ...
Easily one of the best movies you will see all year . It 's funny and grabs the heart . Sam Rockwell deserves an Oscar nomination .
A movie that feels like a greatest-hits montage of summer coming-of-age films .
The clever script keeps things moving , even if it remains uninterested in the two people who seem to be suffering the most ...
It 's certainly a pleasant picture with a bright attitude and production textures that could only emerge from experience . It simply does n't have anything new to add the crowded coming of age subgenre .
Writer-performers Nat Faxon and Jim Rash , imbue the characters around them with three-dimensional qualities that give the movie its enormous appeal .
The Way Way Back gets it wittily , thrillingly right . It turns the familiar into something bracingly fresh and funny . It makes you laugh , then breaks your heart .
Part of what makes Way , Way Back so engaging are the terrific performances .
It 's likely there will be many wet eyes in the theater as the screen goes to black .
Refreshing coming-of-age tale a joy for teens and up .
Sam Rockwell deserves consideration for a Best Supporting Actor nomination -- he is that good .
Faxon , Rash , and their exceptionally capable cast have managed , with a story that is specific enough to feel new but universal enough to hit home .
a perceptive , incisive film about people at different points in their lives struggling or drowning
With a double dose of Rockwell - Norman and Sam - it 's a picture-perfect portrait of what summer - and summer movies - ought to be .
You do n't see too many movies about the importance of fathers , and they 're rarely done this well .
There is a lot going on in `` The Way , Way Back '' and these stories are intelligently told .
You basically get to live vicariously through a kid who becomes Sam Rockwell 's best pal , and I promise , that 's all you 've ever wanted , even if you do n't know it yet .
It has its charms , most notably in Rockwell 's wise-cracking put-on artist , but it never goes for anything really deep as 2009 's similarly themed `` Adventureland '' did , while taking a few missteps along the way .
A sunny wonder that effortlessly out-classes such floundering box-office behemoths as The Lone Ranger and White House Down .
Warm , engaging , and thoroughly charming even though we can predict every turn in this old-fashioned coming of age story . Carell is terrific as an unlikable bully .
The Way , Way Back only really gets interesting when Carell enters the frame and introduces an unconventional villain into this entirely too-conventional coming-of-age scenario .
The film is awash in safe choices , from indie-pop-accompanied montages to sitcom one-liners and black-and-white characters .
A coming-of-age drama that manages some genuinely surprising turns despite the formulaic road it travels .
The comedy dial does occasionally creep past 11 . But the over-the-top Janney is still often hilarious , and Rockwell is a string of firecrackers .
-LSB- Duncan is -RSB- a passive participant in his own story , and that does not make for an especially admirable protagonist .
As with The Descendants , Faxon and Rash ably balance the humorous and the heavy , tipping neither toward the silly nor the mawkish .
The film is bursting with life-and blissful silliness ...
Authenticity gives the movie its witty , heartwarming , hopeful , sentimental , searing and relatable edge . It is merciless in probing the tender spots of times like these , and tough-guy sweet in patching up the wounds .
Beautifully executed , loaded with sharp observational moments , and never cheats either its characters or its audience by descending into raunchy teen-movie cliché .
`` The Way , Way Back '' is a minor pleasure rather than a major work . But minor pleasures have their place , especially in summertime , and this one goes down like a popsicle on a hot day .
The Way , Way Back features seasoned actors Steve Carell , Toni Collette , Allison Janney and Amanda Peet , but they offer only support to a story that 16-year-old Canadian Liam James carries to the point of stealing .
So funny and fresh that you do n't mind watching it hit all the expected marks .
With its subtle wit , engaging story , topnotch ensemble cast and sparkling dialogue , it 's this summer 's Little Miss Sunshine .
`` The Way , Way Back '' has the charm of timelessness but also more than a touch of triteness .
Labors under the delusion that all filmmakers need to engineer a crowd-pleaser are a collection of tried-and-true conventions and a healthy dose of nostalgia .
Brimming with summer nostalgia as familiar as sunburned noses and marshmallow roasts bolstered by solid performances , The Way , Way Back is carried along nicely by a cracking good script .
Alternately charming , penetrating and rote comedy-drama ... an agreeable , insightful if uneven film .
-LSB- An -RSB- absolutely superb coming-of-age film .
It 's smart , funny and moving about human weakness . And it does n't divide the world into good and bad adults - not counting that one bona-fide creep and his clueless squeeze .
It meanders a bit , it 's a little lacking in structure , but it 's full of small memorable moments - and you 're sad when it 's over .
A feel-good comedy and coming-of-age film where a shy teenager opens to the adventures of life , humor , and self-expression during a summer vacation .
If possible , I would blend The Way , Way Back with ice and syrup and drink it all summer .
It 's a sunstruck comedy with enough pain at the edges to keep you aware that something is at stake .
Tough and tinged with the kind of nostalgia that 's both bitter and sweet . Very funny at times , sometimes painfully so , `` The Way Way Back '' deserves to become a go-to summer movie .
The summer 's brightest and wittiest comedy so far , a true ensemble piece .
The Way , Way Back is a crowd-pleasing summer treat , predictable in its sweetness but satisfying all the same .
The film at least avoids a tidy '' ... and that was the summer that changed my life '' wrap-up , but when what comes before the end credits feels so prefab , you might as well throw in a cribbed happy ending .
Pop music montages and tear-filled spats introduce occasional flashes of emotion into the proceedings , but `` The Way , Way Back '' mostly just harkens back to better versions of its hackneyed plot .
Despite the familiarity of this setup , Way Back is a charmer .
It 's a bittersweet , heartwarming delight !
Overall , there is a sweetness to the film , most of it stemming from Liam James . He carries the film , zombie-like at first , but ably once his character comes slowly alive .
The best of the summer 's many MANY coming-of-age comedies .
There 's something slightly formulaic and familiar about Nat Faxon and Jim Rash 's coming-of-age film The Way , Way Back , but not enough to dampen its crowd-pleasing charm .
Here is a low-key personalized movie that just might help a few depressed teenagers get through an otherwise less enjoyable summer .
A strong ensemble cast deliver exceptionally fine performances , taking to Faxon and Rash 's script like the scrumptious made for thespian buffet that it is .
Praises the electric carelessness of teenage angst while depicting it as if it were ultimately no more exciting , though no less pleasant , than an hour in the wave pool .
It is a work of outward simplicity but resonates with a depth that anyone who was ever an awkward teen will identify with instantly .
The Way , Way Back is an admirably successful film with enough heart and soul to make it worth your hard earned dough -LRB- and Fox Searchlight 's for that matter -RRB- .
-LSB- The Descendants -RSB- was a movie ashamed of itself . The Way , Way Back is not that . Instead , it 's kind of embarrassingly proud of itself . Hey , I 'll always admire the latter over the former .
Faxon and Rash do everything right : The characters are rich and recognizable , they expertly guide their dream cast and they even make the soundtrack part of the story , with several endearing references to 80s pop .
Carell 's character is certainly a darker one than we 've seen from him before , and that may be a tough sell for audiences used to the actor playing sunnier types .
The Way , Way Back is a funny and wonderfully-told tale about the beginning of one teen 's autonomy at a time where everything remains out of his control .
Perfectly done , find-yourself-a-mentor comedies are hard to get right .
It would be easy to get overly critical regarding the familiar beats of this crowd-pleaser but that would miss the point . It 's a funny movie with a great ensemble performance , a sweet heart , and a note-perfect ending .
The performances are solid throughout but Rockwell steals it , doing a riff on the characters Bill Murray played in movies like Stripes - the fast-talking , smart guy who really has a bigger heart than he likes to let on .
Nat Faxton and Jim Rash 's directorial debut may not be breaking any new ground but this is a warm and funny tale , helped enormously by good performances and a snappy script .
Navigates a crowd-pleasing middle ground between the mopey introspection of Adventureland and the raucous summer antics of Meatballs .
Sam Rockwell steals this show . Feels like this year 's LITTLE MISS SUNSHINE .
When the credits roll , one is left thinking less of the fate of the characters than of the rollcall of Sundance offerings this film resembles .
The Way , Way Back is everything you want in a laugh out loud , crowd-pleasing , coming-of-age movie .
An endearingly sweet coming-of-ager .


@highlight

Despite its familiar themes , The Way Way Back makes use of its talented cast , finely tuned script , and an abundance of charm to deliver a funny and satisfying coming-of-age story .