I bet Andrew Bujalski is sick of reading that he 's the voice of his generation , when most of that neo-slacker demographic has never had the opportunity to see his films .
If much of what I dislike in Bujalski 's filmmaking must be accounted for by my objection to the milieu his films travel in , this should n't suggest that the filmmaking itself is anything close to competent .
You 'll either be bored or fascinated by the Cassavetes-like reality of it all .
The grainy , black-and-white look and the characters ' ethos dovetail perfectly .
The focus is narrow , but its scrutiny is absolutely unerring .
Every scene in Bujalski 's films is a little awkward , and just right .
Bujalski perfectly skewers what you might call the `` sort-of '' generation : educated , mid-20s white Americans hemmed in by their own non-committal uncertainty .
The painful honesty and geeky cool draws you in , but the film 's sweet-natured humour seals the deal .
Indebted to the films of Jim Jarmusch and John Cassavetes , Bujalski invests this love triangle with real empathy for his bumbling , hyper-articulate characters , and a sly , edgy humour .
Bujalski is a shrewd comic observer , and astute enough a director to get the most of his engaging actors .
Just because you shoot semi-improvised scenes in black-and-white does n't mean you 're the new Jim Jarmusch .
Despite their lackadaisical impression , the pictures are quite tightly structured : each scene covers emotional and narrative distance . Funny , forgiving , credible and deft , they offer much to appreciate .
The dark side of a Waldorf education .
Just because it 's like real life does n't mean it 's inherently interesting .
To capture the mundane rhythms of everyday existence without being tedious is a tough task , which makes the difficulties -LSB- director -RSB- Bujalski has had getting his films distributed a puzzling and frustrating thing .
Already an indie fan favourite thanks to the no-budget romp Funny Ha Ha , director Andrew Bujalski here slays the sophomore slump with another scruffy but bang-on look at life in the slow lane .
The shaggy honesty is bracing and the modest stories of young adults too tentative and nervous to do more than talk around an issue have a perceptive authenticity that does n't shake off easily .
It certainly does n't help that these characters just are n't worth a two-hour investment . Unless you 're a fan of independent music , there 's little chance you 'll want to spend that much time with them .
Alan , Lawrence and Ellie , intersecting here and there with a circle of acquaintances and strangers , insinuate themselves into the viewer 's heart like good friends .
Bujalski stubbornly refuses to stick to the accepted constructs of story structure or character development , content to sit back and calmly carve off a thick , juicy slice of a life that 's all the more sumptuous for its texture .
Shooting in black-and-white 16 mm , Bujalski nods to the pre-Sundance personal cinema of the '50s and '60s . His little circle of pals , though , offers little to outsiders looking in .
The film 's mood and style are pitched somewhere between '60s American indie and French New Wave and , as you watch these people , they seem painfully , amusingly on-target .
The attraction here is the naturalistic , dead-on dialogue delivered by articulate , interesting characters who live realistically lower-class lives in underfurnished apartments financed by dead-end jobs .
The movie is made of small moments ; they add up in your mind to something bigger later , the way life does outside of movies .
Mutual Appreciation shows life as contingent , conditional , enigmatic , never finally realized , as , in short , everything that the Harvey Mansfields of the world abhor , and it shows why to accept this kind of life is an act of strength .
Mutual Appreciation appropriates a seemingly improvised vérité style that 's ideal for a cast of characters of no tremendous ambition .
The kind of movie whose dialogue mostly hews to the rhythms of ` like , you know , whatever ' but then occasionally throws in a word such as ` puissance . ' And , like , it totally works .
Bujalski 's tantalizing cultish films are the best work I 've seen coming out of recent American indie films .
There is no denying the director-screenwriter 's ability to capture a certain real-life quality on film .
Bujalski 's writing is so good , and every shot and edit seems exactly right .
This new film will likely earn even fewer fans but it 's an even more accomplished work .
Twice now -LSB- director -RSB- Bujalski has created a compelling film on a shoestring budget , making me wonder what he could do with some real fiscal backing .
Bujalski is obviously a natural born filmmaker , capturing casually perfect moments that build unto an unexpectedly powerful whole .
This second film ... is the more assured of the two ... gives one the feeling of discovery , of finding a diamond in the rough .
You ca n't exactly call it progress , but it is thrilling -LRB- in a low-key sort of way -RRB- to see real young adults looking and acting the way they do , light years away from the toothy flesh-bots that have supplanted them on screen .
Ladies and gentlemen , welcome to the new awkward .
The latest from Funny Ha Ha director Andrew Bujalski -- the cinema 's reigning poet laureate of postcollegiate anomie -- is another baggy , charmingly disheveled romp through awkward courtship rituals and uncomfortable silences .
More than an effortlessly perceptive observer , Bujalski has honed deceptively stylized visuals to serve deceptively stylized drama . Isolated by their lonesome , compositions are so inert as to seem intentionally inexpressive , but altogether , a visual strat
-LSB- Mutual Appreciation -RSB- carries a rush that has rarely been felt in a movie since the early New Wave .
Mutual Appreciation is n't much more interesting than hanging out with four smart , nice , semi-confused people in their 20s . But that puts it far above the average movie .
Here 's hoping that somehow , this intelligent , uncommonly perceptive film finds the fairy-tale success it deserves .
Written and directed by Andrew Bujalski , this wonderful independent film wo n't save or change your life , but it may make your heart swell .
What Douglas Sirk did for big-budget Hollywood melodrama in films like Imitation of Life , Andrew Bujarski is doing for the low-budget indie .
Any other romantic melodrama would have them bubbling over with passion , but these characters are painfully tentative and believably so , given that they 're both betraying someone they care about .
One of Bujalski 's gifts is his ability to give every part , no matter how big or small , a sense of intelligence and life that extends beyond the frame and running time , and in this his work recalls the best of both Mike Leigh and Richard Linklater .
If this is the sound of a new generation , then it may be the first generation cautious enough to embrace friendship as mightier than love .
A modest step up from its assured predecessor in both content and form .
Bujalski 's most avant-garde device is simply cutting from scene to scene , letting the temporal ellipses fall where they might .
-LSB- Bujalski 's -RSB- free-floating comedies of manners -- of rudderless young people who ca n't articulate their feelings to themselves , let alone others -- turn out to be shapely , cunning , and indelibly strange .
Andrew Bujalski is officially the Real Deal .
If John Cassavetes had directed a script by Eric Rohmer , the result might have looked and sounded like Mutual Appreciation .
You might think of Mutual Appreciation as an emo cover of Godard 's Masculine/Feminine : a meditation on the crisscrossed subjectivities of boys and girls , their mutual comprehension or lack thereof .
Director Andrew Bujalski and his amazing cast create such a unique and addicting experience that these 110 minutes go by in no time at all and the only thing you want when it 's all over is more .


@highlight

Director Bujalski continues to give cinematic voice to awkward , literate twentysomethings with noteworthy smarts and tenderness .