Bernie is supposedly a black comedy but it 's a tedious and remarkably unfunny one .
While Carthage 's citizens may not have gotten the final word on Bernie 's fate , Linklater provides them with a consolation : the gift of shaping this film .
-LSB- Jack -RSB- Black is hilarious , all towering tolerance that finally reaches boiling point .
The Coen brothers at their very best could 've made this movie . I 'll bet they wish they had .
In what appears to be a possible first career dud , ` Bernie , ' billed as a dark comedy starring Jack Black , falls far short of Linklater 's normal standard .
Actual scenes with Black , MacLaine and McConaughey start to feel like over-acted interruptions to the documentary we 'd rather be watching .
But the troubling question at the heart of this liberating , sunlit , deceptively simple but extremely complex and fairly formidable film is : should the law or the community itself decide the fate of its citizens ?
It manages to feel unique and different ... It 's funny too , which certainly helps , and is benefited immensely by a wonderful cast of big names and unknowns that help make this Linklater 's freshest film in quite some time .
a well-rounded dramatic film taken from a refreshingly uplifting perspective .
It looks like a southern gothic and feels like a particularly hilarious farce , but Bernie is not at all what you think .
Black is a marvel as Bernie , reining in his usual manic persona to give his prissy , camp character an endearing sweetness but leaving what really makes him tick a puzzle .
An extremely amusing , socially accurate docudrama .
Richard Linklater mixes comedy , drama and documentary to tell a frankly outrageous true story , and in the process he also gives Jack Black one of his best-yet roles .
It 's been a long time coming , but it turns out Bernie has been worth the wait .
Based on a true story , Black offers a surprising degree of depth as an assistant funeral director with secrets in a town where ` all of the widows had a crush on Bernie ' .
Linklater observes it all with an ironic smile on his face . But he 's never patronising enough to sneer .
I did n't find it very entertaining , but it is at least trying something different .
Really impressive .
Almost vaudeville in spirit , it delights in American social clichés and kinks .
This is a bizarre and intriguing tale but Bernie remains essentially unknowable and the picture lacks big laughs .
Far more fine shades and ambiguities than expected .
Hugely entertaining , smartly directed and darkly funny black comedy with a superb script and a terrific central performance from Jack Black .
A sweet , dark , funny true-crime story with a dream cast - and that includes the real-life residents of the town of Carthage , Texas .
There 's not many movies that leave you wanting to give a convicted killer a great big hug . But this is one .
Linklater 's Fargo , it 's funny peculiar and funny ha ha , with Black a delight and Linklater in impressive control of superbly judged content and tone .
You may be amused , but the laughter like the man , rings hollow .
It 's so lovely to see Jack Black being this kind of actor . I hope he does it more often .
Black curbs his most irritating tendencies to give an endearing and convincing performance . An affectionate , intelligent ode to the oddity of small-town America .
A beautifully constructed , smartly scripted and very funny tall tale of down-home values and darkness in the most unlikely of places .
Part of the film 's pleasure lies in watching its spirit of poky Southern amiability give way to true-crime insanity .
Bernie delivers an abundance of belly laughs , but at its center is a confounding act committed by a man too beloved to be hated and a community too passionate to think clearly .
It 's absolutely worth seeing for Black 's skillful work , but if only the filmmaker had added some tension , more people would be interested in seeing such a genuinely great performance .
... Bernie is an unusual film with charm to spare , but it also happens to be laugh out loud funny , enthralling , profoundly sad and ultimately one of the year 's best films .
Linklater uses dollops of black humor to provide an edge to this morally ambiguous piece .
Black is -- forgive me -- downright adorable as the behind-bars-for-life killer .
While Linklater does a fantastic job in creating an entertaining true crime story , he also hits home the realisation that darkness can be found in the sweetest of souls , making a film that is as tragic as it is funny .
Whilst it feels a little too one-sided , Bernie is still an intriguing film that has something to say about justice and the importance of how we are perceived .
The real gold here is the performance centrepiece by Black ; he delivers a lovable , highly nuanced portrayal of a man who is hard not to feel sympathy for , even if it does grind against your conscience .
A truly strange and original creation , based on a true story , which does n't judge its curious characters .
It 's done very well indeed . I think Jack Black is wonderful . I thought that the whole progression of the film was , to me , unexpected .
It 's a fascinating story presented in a really intelligent and weirdly entertaining way .
`` Bernie '' is a quiet , leisurely paced indie film that 's as different as can be from the typical true crime movie .
If anything it is a film about the selective application of moral judgement based on personal prejudices .
A superbly written and lovingly told account of a quirky slice of American crime history with a tender , bittersweet ending .
Richard Linklater mixes documentary with recreation in this bizarre true story , mercifully avoiding caricature and farce despite the subject seemingly screaming for it .
Richard Linklater 's darkly funny mock doc is full of surprises , not least one star 's terrific return to form .
A unique work , a special film , a wonderful story , amazing characters ; you 'll watch the end credits with a big smile on your face
I loved every minute of this well-told and brilliantly created film that reinforces the complexities and incongruities of the human condition
Bernie is dark , unique satire heightened by blurring lines between truth and fiction and just about the funniest film I 've seen this year .
Odd duck comedy/drama casts Jack Black in a surprisingly new light .
Quietly and consistently charming a real hoot with a terrificly nuanced performance by Jack Black .
The film is quietly unorthodox , but I ca n't think of another approach that would work nearly so well .
Very funny and poignant true story .
Very nearly a great American comedy with a profound thematic core ...
A wry true-crime story from Richard Linklater , looking again to his home state for inspiration , as in his early triumphs -LRB- ` Slacker , ' ` Dazed and Confused ' -RRB- .
My research indicates that most of what you see is true . That also adds to the appreciation of this small , very , very , well done movie .
With facts that are stranger than fiction and a story surrounding a murder that is often played as dark comedy , Bernie exists somewhere between an Errol Morris documentary and Fargo .
Jack Black , in the greatest performance of his career , makes us see what the people of Carthage , Texas , saw in Bernie Tiede ...
... Black gives the performance of his career -LRB- so far -RRB- .
Linklater 's film may remind you of the work of others , but it 's one of his most entertaining yet .
A weirdly wacky black comedy that 's affectionately endearing .
Black 's showboat performance reminds us why we thought he was so special in the first place .
As Bernie , Jack Black is about as reined-in as you 'll see him . Effeminate , emotional , generous and cuddly , he 's easy to root for when push comes to shooting .
This is a movie that is as strong as it is modest - as funny as it is sad . As wretchedly , thoroughly human as a work of art can be .
Bernie is a simple movie , clearly funny and entertaining , but at the same time astoundingly complex and intriguing .
... plays like `` In Cold Blood '' - if it had been directed by Christopher Guest .
an offbeat black comedy that stays true to the story 's bizarre tendency to make you both smile and grimace
`` Bernie ' is n't a monumental film , but it is a finely tuned character study with some nice innovations .
A flower blooms in a Texas town -- his name is Bernie
Outrageously Funny
The question of why the law must always be upheld , regardless of consequences , gives this light , amiable movie a surprising heft and weight .
Sometimes Jack Black is just the best darned thing on the planet .
Finds -LSB- Linklater -RSB- back with the same kind of material , and storytelling methods , and regional culture , that made his early films so great .
Black delivers a lightly comic performance that becomes an unsettling depiction of repression .
`` Bernie '' is most successful at evoking the feel of a small town , a place where everybody knows your business , good stories live forever , and ultimately people take care of their own .
Bernie ultimately comes off as a watchable endeavor that works mostly as a showcase for three admittedly spectacular performances ...
Bernie has chuckles , but it 's hardly riotous . And this is a good thing .
Despite the dark themes this movie introduces throughout , it maintains a nice pleasant vibe , which makes for a strange but entertaining experience .
Linklater once again demonstrates a flair for casting that has distinguished his entire career .
It probably sounded great in the pitch room , but as an actual experience it 's on the redundant side .
Bernie is often very funny , but you would n't call it a comedy , exactly . More like a cultural study of a specific time , place and people .
Propelled by a perfectly cast trio of stars whose eccentricities shine in singular character roles , Bernie is charmer .
Black is terrific . Rather than winking at the audience , he plays Bernie as a guy who 's thoroughly unaware that there 's anything unconventional about his behavior .
`` Bernie '' unfolds into many equally rich narrative strands : love story , southern Gothic slice-of-life and , finally tragedy and legal thriller ...
The intertwining of the sharply tuned actors and the guileless -LRB- and often hilarious -RRB- townspeople is seamless , the tale is sometimes despairing but never heavy , and the blend of drama , comedy and music is brisk and fresh .
Linklater 's a glider , not a pile-driver ; he hangs back when other directors prefer to bore in .
It allows director Richard Linklater to explore his own roots while telling a remarkable real-life story , something too crazy for anyone to make up .
It 's a darkly funny , irresistible film - and one with a masterful performance at its center .
It 's an entertainingly odd duck .
The movie 's bright and endearing and surprisingly lacking in a point . I wish I liked it better , but it 's a start .
A one-of-a-kind comedy based on the real homicide of an innocent old lady .
-LSB- A -RSB- weirdly funny , inspiring film .
Some of the best performances come from real-life residents of Carthage as they share their recollections on camera .
A dead-solid-perfect depiction of small-town life .
Although Bernie never reaches beyond its grasp , there 's an inherent insanity to the story that 's effectively committed to the screen by Linklater . It 's a true crime effort that almost registers a pure fantasy .
An intriguing , often-hilarious exploration of emotion 's ability to triumph over reason . And reason 's knack for fighting back .
Richard Linklater -LRB- writing with Skip Hollandsworth , author of a Texas Monthly article on the case -RRB- has called Bernie his Fargo , but his eye is less jaundiced than the Coens ' , his ear more sweetly bemused .
Bernie is n't a particularly likeable guy and Black 's opaque performance never lets us get beneath the surface to find a character we might actually care about .
Well acted by Jack Black , this darkly humorous is a return to form for Richard Linklater , whose best work is grounded in regional cinema .
Jack Black gives his best performance to date as the selfless assistant mortician with a taste for the finer things in life , but it is the real life townspeople , spilling on their most infamous citizens , who make `` Bernie '' so delightful .
... it 's good to know that Richard Linklater had some Hitchcock in him .
Linklater , admirably unconcerned about how his film can be categorized , has made a comedy , a drama and most certainly a character study .
A fascinating true story , terrific acting by Black and MacLaine and solid direction make `` Bernie '' a must see , especially if you like Jack Black .
Another treat from American original Richard Linklater -- a fantastically absorbing and comedically inflected docu-drama , kind of a slightly less overtly comedic Eastern Texas response to ` Fargo . '
Jack Black has never been so good .
Watching Bernie is a little like sitting on a shady front porch and gossiping with the town tattlers .
A murder story , in a surprisingly simple but cleverly subtle package .
I had to forget what I knew about Black . He creates this character out of thin air , it 's like nothing he 's done before , and it proves that an actor can be a miraculous thing in the right role .
Has a little bit of an East Texas Fargo feel . Jack Black gives one of his best performances .
It 's irreverent , off-kilter fun .
A jovial yet gracefully told tale .
The wonder of Black 's performance here is its empathy and balance : inasmuch as he can disappear into any role , he dissolves into this one with no hint of mocking remove . It 's a beautiful thing to see .
A movie that may not ultimately add up to much , but which is filled with wonderfully odd details of weird Americana .
... one of writer/director Richard Linklater 's most entertaining features and it also stars Jack Black in his best performance to date .
Simply put , it 's the best movie Linklater has made in years .
The mystery and characters at its center are amusing regardless of geography .
Much more than a macabre true-crime tale : It 's a story of thwarted love , not between two people , but between a man and a whole town .
It 's a gentle , light-fingered horror story , and it rightfully leaves us as bewildered as the denizens of Carthage .
A dark , humorous look at southern oddballs that 's also a powerful meditation on human fragility .
Blackly funny , strangely moving and deeply weird , it 's as comforting and as sinister as a heart-attack-plate of chicken fried steak with biscuits and gravy . And I 'm fixin ' to see it again .
Linklater clearly has no idea why the man did what he did . But then , Bernie probably did n't either .
Jack Black gives the performance of his career in the title role of `` Bernie '' ...
For a motion picture about one person losing her life and another losing his freedom , `` Bernie '' does n't deserve to be as flippant as it ultimately is .
A true-life Texas tale so perfectly told it seems more like eavesdropping than moviegoing .
A sordid , bleak tale about two lonely people drawn to each other like colliding planets .
The movie itself , a partly true and cheerfully embellished account of a Texas murder case , presents a case of narrative drift .
As played by Jack Black , in an award-caliber performance , Bernie is everything you 'd want in a friend . The movie is a one-of-a-kind inspiration .
Jack Black redeems himself with a subtly quirky performance that 's one of his personal best .
Bernie , like its lead character , has a degree of diffuse , aw-shucks charm , but it 's also maddeningly opaque .
A true-crime story where the real mystery is n't what happened , but the bizarre context for the murder and the collective madness of a town that could n't accept it at face value .
You would be hard pressed to find a film that feels more true to a reporter 's experience of an event . This is n't necessarily a good thing , at least not cinematically .
All those twangy , homespun observations interrupt and annotate the narrative until Black and MacLaine 's scenes start to feel as trivial as reenactments on a true-crime TV show .
Linklater brings a shambling , easygoing charm to this unlikely comedy based on a real-life Texas murder case ... and Jack Black , of all people , drolly essays the title character .
An inventive drama about a gregarious assistant funeral director in a small Texas town where he is widely cherished .
Even at its most charming as a defense of small-town eccentrics and Texas-style legal process , the film plays a little slowly .
Throughout , there 's a tension of real life and fiction , and a pervading sense that fiction has little chance of matching the real thing .
A surprisingly shapeless true-crime farce which never creates a convincing context for the odd relationship between a pious East Texas mortician and his sugar mama .
I , for one , eagerly await the sequel to Bernie .
What gives Bernie its fizz , its kick , its sheer enjoyable weirdness is the give-and-take between Black and MacLaine , who seems to live with a baleful look on her face .
Taking its time with a flavorful middle section , the movie builds into a true-crime treat ; some will think of Fargo -LRB- apt , but this movie is gentler -RRB- , others , the documentaries of Werner Herzog .
A chafing , rock-in-the-shoe kind of movie -- and I mean this as a compliment .
Linklater has made a smart movie , with a mordant satirical edge , but he almost falls victim to his own sense of authenticity .
Jack Black out of character in a semi-serious role . He 's good !
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Richard Linklater 's impeccable black comedy - based on the real-life exploits of Carthage , Texas mortician Bernie Tiede - is so infectiously eccentric that you do n't want the movie to end .
Bernie is poised to be a tough sell for Millennium Entertainment , its mild star power likely incapable of offsetting a garish premise and mixed reviews .
Basically it 's a movie old people will think is delightful with a nonthreatening Jack Black and only one bad word .
The filmmaker is negotiating a tricky line between comedy and drama -LRB- the crime itself is played straight -- mostly -RRB- , and he gets the mixture right , most of the time .
Linklater has used witnesses to the truth to tell a lie .
Jack Black delivers one of his strongest performances in this rather outrageous true story from East Texas , which Linklater tells with a witty blend of comedy , drama and documentary .
The film may be a love letter to Linklater 's native East Texas , but behind all the sunny smiles , country courtesy and good nature hides the dark story of a criminal undertaking - because , no matter which way you dress it , a corpse is still a corpse .
Pitch-perfect performances by Shirley MacLaine and an unusually restrained Jack Black hold together this offbeat true-crime saga , but Linklater 's keen eye for human eccentricity flowers most memorably on the periphery .
A splendid performance by Jack Black distinguishes this overly mild look at a 1990s Texas murder .
Amusing and appealing , but only rarely cuts deep enough in its examination of a kindly small-town Texan who murdered the elderly widow he took care of .


@highlight

Richard Linklater 's Bernie is a gently told and unexpectedly amusing true-crime comedy that benefits from an impressive performance by Jack Black .