Although Marley 's immense talent , drive , charisma , marketing savvy , and complexity are too big for any film or book to capture , here , at least , they emerge in vibrant glory .
Comprehensive docu on iconic reggae musician .
Serve -LSB- s -RSB- its many audiences , doing so without succumbing to faults that so easily could have plagued the film . Well crafted , with a soundtrack that 's drawn from the astounding career of its subject , MARLEY joins the pantheon of top-notch music films .
Concert footage includes some of Bob Marley 's best-known songs , `` Get Up , Stand Up , '' `` I Shot the Sheriff , '' `` No Woman , No Cry , '' `` One Love '' and many others . Interviews with people who knew Marley at different times of his life provide a lot of color .
So far , the definitive biopic documentary on the elusive Bob Marley .
Viewers will walk away knowing Bob Marley in much more intimate and accurate fashion , rather than the specious , superficial or incomplete picture they may have had before .
A truly human portrait of an extraordinary life .
You need not don a red , yellow , and green T-shirt to appreciate the film .
This is as full a picture of Marley as is likely to emerge .
Outstanding , thorough , often moving documentary about the tragically short life and huge influence of musician Bob Marley ... by any fair measure , a great music documentary .
Macdonald and his editor have built a collage that really communicates in vibrant , cinematic language . Of course , it is about a musician , so rightly , it is wall to wall music
-LSB- Kevin McDonald 's -RSB- vast account of the music legend 's life ambles along with the laid-back vibe of a reggae king .
Bob Marley 's short but amazing life
Similarly , with ` Marley , ' Macdonald provides some much needed context to the songs that have sold millions of copies throughout the world .
Marley aficionados will be astonished by the depth and breadth of the documentary , which portrays the musician known as Tuff Gong as both a fallible man and an untouchable legend .
It is the work of a man with opinions , based on endless questioning and research .
Marley is highly watchable , finely crafted legacy preservation - and it 's either a white-washed sham or awesomely shaded .
It wants to show us the man behind the famous dreads , beatific smile and durable songs of love , hope and longing . In this task it succeeds admirably .
Kevin Macdonald 's `` Marley '' is worth sticking with , and not just for diehard fans who had `` Get Up , Stand Up '' emanating from their dorm room speakers all through college .
Bob Marley fanatics are going to treat this film like the Holy Bible .
Will get you up to speed regarding all things Marley .
For a movie this long , it 's too bad there is n't more footage of Marley in performance , joyously bringing music to the world .
... likely as close as we 'll ever come to a definitive film biography of this gnomic figure .
Macdonald effectively lets the talking heads and the music explain the longevity of Marley 's appeal .
Recounts a short life that seemed to straddle worlds and eras , and perhaps the definitive portrait will never be filmed or written . Until it is , though , there 's always the music .
Marley is a terrific documentary . It goes beyond one figure , and captures the essence of life itself . The film is as infectious and spiritual as one of his songs .
Good documentaries make us want to know more about their subject . But great ones like Marley do n't need to .
It 's certainly comprehensive , even if -- at two and a half hours long -- not exactly concise .
If you 'd asked me a month ago how Marley had died , I might have cluelessly suggested a drug overdose .
Chronicles the life and times of the first musical superstar from the third world to gain a global audience , with the reggae singer 's posthumous Legend album selling some 25 million copies .
You 'll walk away from this ambitious documentary longing to hear Marley 's voice again -LRB- thank heaven for iTunes -RRB- and with a deep respect for a man .
In the end , it 's just good , comprehensive storytelling , a film that justifies the legend rather than hypes it .
Gradually , the dreadlocks , the music and the cloud of ganja smoke come together to form as recognisable an image as that of the equally short-lived Che Guevara .
As far as documentaries on the late , reggae-singing revolutionary Bob Marley go -LRB- and I 've seen a couple in my time -RRB- , Marley is definitely the most comprehensive -- almost exhaustingly so .
The film never shows us Marley in a complete performance . It 's hard to understand the magic of a man whose most awesome moments are reduced to edited snippets .
It smartly captures his dynamic personality both through the words of those who knew him , and more importantly , through his enduring music .
Sprinkled with riffs , concert footage and home videos , the family-authorized documentary does what the artist usually did : When in doubt , return to the beat .
Macdonald supplies some interesting and novel details about the musician 's life and art , though the movie 's narrative arc and documentary methods are totally predictable .
Marley finally gives the world an authoritative , nonhagiographic survey of Marley 's life .
This is an appropriately exhaustive study of the man and his music , its only failing is the absence of a decent political analysis of Rastafari and the beliefs that informed Marley to the end of his life .
It 's a meticulously researched , consistently interesting documentary about superstar Bob Marley - and it makes two-and-a-half hours pass by in a flash .
` Marley ' will go down in cinematic history as one of the greatest music documentaries of all time . The first must-see movie of 2012 .
Celebrates his spirit , his creativity , his genius and his influence , even if it errs on the side of hagiography .
Given the legal and logistical constraints on this long-delayed project , this lengthy movie is as comprehensive a history as Marley 's fans could have hoped , but the uninitiated may not catch a fire .
Bob Marley wrote the same song about 8,000 times , and the documentary `` Marley '' makes sure to include each version .
Even audiences for whom easing up to dutty riddims is not an habitual pursuit will get an intoxicating whiff of reggae 's soothing powers from Marley ...
This is a life story worth telling , and `` Marley '' does it much justice . Marley may or may not have been perfect , but he was certainly fascinating .
It 's hard to imagine audiences who do n't know much about the man sticking around for more than a few minutes of this . And they 're the ones who need to know about him most of all .
A fascinating account of a complex , charismatic man .
The movie has enormous force - because it 's about a genius , yes , but even more so because of the intelligence , passion and wit of the people who knew Marley .
It 's exhaustive without being exhausting , an eye-opening and all-encompassing portrait that should go a long way to rescuing him from being a marijuana mascot .
Kevin Macdonald 's solid , informative , respectful bio-doc is not quite the dazzling , innovative non-fiction we might have expected from the Oscar-winning director of Touching the Void .
Every now and then , the movie comes close to placing us where the music often did - in the realm of the mystical , with a beat everybody could dance to .
There 's nothing innovative about Marley , but it 's a fine example of traditional documentary done right .
Like all great documentaries , it will leave you feeling all stirred up .
It may , finally , be the best and last word on the man , his music and his myth that we ever get on film -- an estimable achievement in itself .
Chronologically organized and voiceover-free , the movie is a 145-minute patchwork of old concert footage and talking-head interviews -- lots and lots of them -- from people who knew , loved , and worked with the reggae giant .
The enormous popularity of the transcendent reggae superstar shows no signs of abating , a situation `` Marley , '' a moving and authoritative new documentary , takes as its mission to illustrate and explain .
Even those who know reggae star Bob Marley inside and out might be amazed by the scope , detail and beauty of `` Marley '' ...
Stylistically unremarkable , playing it safe with structure , the film is still quietly revelatory .
The director , Kevin Macdonald , searches for clarity amid the contradictions of Marley 's life and reaches no conclusions , but that 's a tribute to his subject 's complexity in a film of fascinating too-muchness .
A riveting two-and-a-half-hour documentary biography ...
It 's at once leisurely and controlled , like a Bob Marley song , with fresh secrets in every groove .
Marley celebrates the fact that its subject is still among us in the way that perhaps matters most : His music not only survives , it thrives .
This film is long . But it grabs one 's senses and wo n't let go .
This documentary about the reggae megastar Bob Marley will be called a benchmark -LRB- and it is -RRB- and a must-see -LRB- it 's that too -RRB- . Yet it still does n't quite get the man .
An astonishing documentary charting the life and legacies of reggae superstar Bob Marley .
The scale of his charisma is shocking . No documentary I 've seen - about Ali , Morrison , Kennedy , Lennon , or any of the other great charismatics - even approaches a subject at this freakish level .
Clocking in at nearly two and a half hours , it is gripping from the start , not just because of the quality of the music , but because of Marley 's magnetic , challenging personality , as well .
There is plenty of good stuff here . `` Marley '' is particularly sharp on the singer 's efforts to attract people of color to his shows , and it does not glide over his misogyny . But it could have done with some tightening .
Throughout the documentary I was hoping they would play `` Redemption Song . '' They do , and I felt like I understood him a little better .
You see a man , flawed and imperfect , finding his way through with his music , constantly searching for his place in the world until that quest was cut tragically short .
The narrative does a solid job of explaining key elements of Marley 's keen sensibility , including his deep identification with outsiders and his encompassing world view .
The bloat and heft of the doc 's narrative scope leaves the viewer awash in a sea of historical `` facts '' with very little sense of the human experience behind the curtain of celebrity .
No edit no problem .
Through interviews with family , friends and colleagues , it provides an entertaining , telling look at both the man and his beliefs .
A fascinating and occasionally moving insight that humanises a legend .
Documentaries fully authorized by the subject 's surviving family members are rarely this rich .
In spite of all the diligence and frankness , Marley remains an enigma .
`` Marley , '' an ambitious and comprehensive film , does what is probably the best possible job of documenting an important life .
Fans of Bob Marley 's music have plenty to celebrate with MARLEY as well as fans of great music in general .
A celebration of Bob Marley - the good and the bad .
A joint to be savoured .
Impressively directed and exhaustively researched , Kevin Macdonald 's enjoyable documentary is by turns fascinating , moving and uplifting , though it does n't quite get to grips with Bob 's complex personal life .
-LSB- Marley -RSB- emerges as driven , industrious , competitive , a natural leader of charisma who was political in the broadest sense , but never boxed in by politics and who never sold out .
A thoroughly fascinating film and one of the better biographical docs you 're likely to see this year .
Such an honest depiction can only contribute to a deeper appreciation of this remarkable artist .
The tunes , flooding every frame , remain perfect .
Thoroughly researched and packed with phenomenal archival footage , it 's a rousing tribute to a mesmerizing performer that forgoes blind hero worship .
Marley , by reminding us of the longing and the indignation from which the music leaped , does a grand job of turning the volume back up . If only it had found more time to stop and listen .
You get to know Bob Marley , and that 's terrific , but you do n't get to know his music because it 's only revealed in short clips , and that 's a shame .
A masterful doc to rival Macdonald 's Touching The Void .
A wonderfully-revealing , warts-and-all tribute to the human spirit of a Rasta rock god !
-LSB- It -RSB- shows off his chops not by doing anything dazzling - the film is documentary prose , not poetry - but by treating Marley as a man of depth and nuance , of inner light and shadow .
Every second is earned in Macdonald 's long , generous and rigorously detailed Bob doc .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- `` Marley '' is as balanced a documentary as you could hope for , considering the enormity of its subject . At long last , Bob Marley 's life story is told in film .
I 'd have preferred more of the material presented during the final credits , a montage showing Marley 's influence and fanbase in different parts of the globe .
Up there with No Direction Home and The Filth and the Fury , Marley is one of the greatest ever historical music documentaries .
-LSB- A -RSB- generous , absorbing , family-authorized docu on the late , still-reigning king of reggae music .
Jonathan Demme and Martin Scorsese were both earmarked to direct at one time , but Macdonald and his team certainly know how to make the movie sing .
What results is an immensely detailed overview of Marley 's life and times ...



@highlight

Kevin Macdonald 's exhaustive , evenhanded portrait of Bob Marley offers electrifying concert footage and fascinating insights into reggae 's greatest star .