Jones 's cult status ensures a decent cast but the execution is messy , short of laughs and tiresome .
-LSB- Simon -RSB- Pegg 's goofy charm is on overdrive , elevating this silly comedy where the best scenes are between Neil and his talking dog Dennis -LRB- voiced by the late Robin Williams -RRB- .
This 2015 film badly misses the mark .
Crass comedy 's only redeeming feature is Robin Williams .
Treat-sized food-for-thought from a wonderfully silly director .
The result is a loosely knitted together series of vignettes , some of which raise titters , but the majority of which elicit groans .
Absolutely Anything is a good idea but is executed poorly , with a lame take-home message about great power demanding great responsibility .
The redeeming factor is the sheer , unabashed silliness .
-LSB- It -RSB- should have been a lot for fun , -LSB- but -RSB- sadly it 's almost `` absolutely anything '' but .
There is only one thing worse than a bad film . That is a bad film that should have been a great film .
Absolutely Anything is just content to laugh at itself and leave everyone else stranded without a hope in the world .
There is good-natured British wackiness aplenty .
Kate Bechinsale is totally wasted with a performance that not even she believes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie works in bits and pieces , but in general is just forgettable entertainent . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An entertaining film that will make you laugh out loud . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Using only four rooms and low budget special effects , the film is full of witt and sarcasm , giving us a smart tale that rises above it 's limitations . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
For a movie about limitless potential , Absolutely Anything carries no creative spark of its own .
Jones does n't quite know how to manage all the quirk and slapstick of the picture , which never comes together as completely as it could , disappointing on multiple levels .
Rarely has so much comic talent been wasted in one movie .
While forgiving Python diehards will probably enjoy Jones irksome outing , others are advised to keep away unless there 's absolutely nothing else worth watching .
Ubiquitous British funnyman Simon Pegg in a crazy sci-fi lark directed by Terry Jones of Monty Python fame ? Sounds like a match made in Heaven , yeah ? Unfortunately , once this tale gets going it feels more like a match made in purgatory .
The worst film thus far of 2015 , and so staggeringly terrible I ca n't imagine it being beaten to the bottom ... Lord knows how and why anyone agreed to make this script into a projected image , but a projected image is all that it is .
Sounds like fun ? Let me assure you , it ai n't .
Mildly amusing , but grossly overdone . The same goes for everything . Absolutely everything
The absolute worst thing Monty Python has ever done .
Simon Pegg continues his rollercoaster career , alternating between superior blockbuster franchises -LRB- Mission : Impossible and Star Trek -RRB- and awkward British romantic-comedies -LRB- Hector and the Search for Happiness -RRB- .
Sadly , proof that they will make absolutely anything these days .
The jokes are mostly mirthless , sub sit-com stuff , but one brief gag does raise a chuckle when Pegg 's wish for a penis that women find exciting is swiftly followed by the addendum , ` Can I have one in white ? '
Subjuvenile and offensive , sentimental and ridiculous . Every attempt at a joke falls flat . Every talent here is wasted . Save yourself .
It is a very silly , eccentric British film with comedy coy enough to suit the whole family and Python devotees who will see it out of duty .
Watch absolutely anything else .
Based off a script that 's been knocking around for some years , Absolutely Anything feels like a half-baked Python sketch strung out and bludgeoned into anti-laugh oblivion .
Forgive the obvious wordplay ... but truly , you 'll wish you were watching absolutely anything else .
Animated segments should offer some nostalgic interest to Python fans , but it 's scant reward for a wish-fulfilment comedy that does n't fulfil anyone 's wishes .
It 's often been said that Simon Pegg would agree to star in absolutely anything : now at least it 's official .
Certainly one of the worst movies yet made .
The second word of the title should be `` appalling '' .
What would you do if you could absolutely anything ? Well , choosing to go back in time 90 minutes and see something else would be rather high up on the agenda .
Bar the occasional faint-smile-raising line , just about every gag , set-piece or quip meets with dead-eyed , stony silence .
If it 's absolutely anything , this film is perhaps a call for the old guard to fall back and make way for the new .
Decades in the making , Monty Python vet Terry Jones ' lame sci-fi satire squanders the contributions of top comic talents - including the late Robin Williams .
As the film itself states : ` The dog 's not so bad . It 's the people I ca n't stand ' .
It 's all on Pegg and his goofy charisma to keep things moving . He may not be omnipotent , but he 's gifted enough to save the day .

@highlight

Given the impressive array of talent involved in Absolutely Anything -- and the near-total lack of laughs it provokes -- this Monty Python reunion can only be regarded as a disappointment .