It 's nowhere near as stimulating and intellectual as a Pixar offering , but nowhere near as stupidly offensive as some of the atrocious crap that flood the animated genre simply because some parents will take their children to see anything
A lazy and derivative sequel to the modestly successful 2012 children 's animation .
All of these exertions are just enough to graze the 90 minute mark , after which the film gratefully whumps to a close taking its paint-by-numbers character arcs and hopelessly generic jokes with it .
There are few things as sad as an unkept promise , Hotel Transylania 2 does that for movies . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With a joke well that runs dry nearly an hour too early , watches will be checked and previously unwanted popcorn kernels will be rigorously examined .
A rip-roaring monster ball finale , complete with a whopping great punch-up featuring Dracula , Frankenstein , werewolves and bats , more than makes up for the flaws .
Light on intelligent humour , heavy on the slapstick , the result is once again a mixed bag ; an animated effort which will please the young viewers , but not anyone older than maybe 10 .
Still , the material is a lot stronger than anything in the premise-squandering Pixels or lackluster Paul Blart sequel .
Adam Sandler 's Dracula sinks his teeth into another batch of slapstick fun ... so much more enjoyable than any of -LSB- his -RSB- recent live-action movies .
Hotel Transylvania 2 succeeds in creating the sort of wacky visual comedy that kids love -- from slime monsters to screaming slices of wedding cake .
Has its charms , but it disappoints with a script that feels sloppy and hastily slapped together .
`` Hotel Transylvania 2 '' is n't a horror movie , but like its predecessor , it 's made for those who love these characters so much that we like to see them in children 's movies
If you liked the first Hotel Transylvania you 'll like the second , but while the special 3D effects look great , the storyline can lack depth at times .
What Sandler does pull off here is an uncommon feat : a sequel that 's an improvement over the original , which itself was a solid movie . Your kids will love `` Hotel Transylvania 2 '' and you 'll like it , too .
There 's a charm to these characters and it 's easy to see why kids are attracted to the story .
While HT 2 is all about feelgood emotions , there are some interesting edges to it .
This has no aspirations to be anything more than a throwaway 89 minutes of slapstick silliness .
Littered with clichés and rehashed gags , the sequel 's strength rests on the impressive art and animation . The simplistic gags might just work with young audiences .
A clever and funny animated romp that kids and adults will enjoy .
Kids are not likely to get the jokes about Gary Oldman 's wig in the 1992 film Dracula , nor sympathise closely with the emotional difficulties Drac faces in becoming a grandparent . Adults ... will have seen virtually all of this before .
This enjoyable sequel lands a slight notch below the original , only because of a few scenes lazily squeezing more juice out of its predecessor 's best gags .
A delightful , perfectly formed sequel to the animated ghouls-are-good original ... The animation is gloriously kinetic . What more needs to be said ? If you liked the first one ...
The jokes are just as easy and fall just as flat , but the film is saved somewhat by a cracking last act .
Still better than most Sandler-written movies .
Like the first entry in this animated Sony Pictures franchise , the film is spirited , engaging , and has an idea : it 's about mutual tensions between the undead and the living , who have forged a truce up in the Carpathians .
Essentially , if you enjoyed the original , you 'll enjoy the sequel , but it 's more of the same . Ca n't we try a little harder than a gag-filled outline ?
A lively and amusing sequel to the 2012 hit ...
Proving once again that , with the exception of Punch-Drunk Love , Adam Sandler is at his most tolerable when you ca n't see him , this perfunctory animation sequel provides innocuous pre-Halloween/half-term distraction .
An engaging and sometimes witty coming-of-age story , it is a patch above some of Sandler 's recent live-action films .
The barrage of nonstop sitcom idiocy is nigh on unendurable . A father plotting against his daughter as touching and uplifting ? Way worse .
It may lack any real reason to be made , but this sequel has enough about it to raise a few laughs and make the return worthwhile , if not memorable .
Hotel Transylvania 2 is a consistently amusing vampire animation .
A fangless sequel .
-LSB- The big moral is -RSB- `` Do n't worry if you do n't fit in , because you will eventually without even trying . '' Yeah , seriously .
Hotel Transylvania 2 lives up to its meagre promise of simple , silly jokes and equally groan-worthy life-lessons .
A largely bland , extremely frantic animated horror comedy aimed at kids and Adam Sandler completists .
Mostly fast-paced and fun , with the occasional choice gags skewering modern parenting techniques and supplying more smiles than expected .
It might not possess the profound concepts behind the laughs and silly faces of Inside Out , but it 's a fun hour-and-a-half that is best spent if you leave your adult mindset at home .
Hotel Transylvania 2 is not total garbage , but it leaves you with a horrible aftertaste . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Although stirringly scored and ingeniously animated , it 's creepy time at Hotel Transylvania 2 -- and not in a good way .
A must-see only for gorehounds .
It 's hard to believe why this movie got made at all . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie is not far from its predecessor , with simple humor and a good message about accepting everyone 's diferences . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The first movie bid fair to rival Madagascar , Ice Age and Rio as the worst animation franchise ever , and this one delivers on that threat .
`` Hotel Transylvania 2 '' is an unfortunate throwback to about 20 years ago , when animated movies were more widely accepted as cinematic babysitters .
It 's a long , long time waiting for that payoff .
Hotel Transylvania 2 is the greatest movie Adam Sandler and Kevin James have ever made together . I believe this is called `` damning with faint praise . ''
So much attention has been paid to crafting a relentless string of in-jokes meant for ancient horror fans that the storyline limps from tired blood .
In a statement I do n't make very often , this Adam Sandler film is a great , harmless option for your children in this spooky season .
Yes , every joke in the film is low-hanging fruit , but not a single one is left unpicked .
Gloriously wacky and always with a laugh around the corner , Hotel Transylvania 2 is fun , fast and a joy for both kids and adults alike .
`` Hotel Transylvania 2 '' is n't anything particularly new or ground-breaking ... but it certainly can be a fun family experience during Halloween . Just remember to show the kids `` Young Frankenstein '' immediately after .
Some of the cut-aways get tiresome , but all can be forgiven once the legendary Mel Brooks shows up for an extended role . It wo n't contend for Best Animated Movie of 2015 , but it should make for a fun time at the movies this Halloween .
Hotel Transylvania 2 is far off from becoming a staple of the Halloween season , but on its own terms it 's a relatively inventive , stylish , and somewhat hectic little movie that should make fans of the original more than happy .
A silly , spooky Halloween treat ... for the family .
The movie finally rises from its dullsville crypt - just before it ends .
A sequel that 's up there with the original , very funny and interesting themes , something rare in the genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The classic story of accepting your kids how they are , understanding each other and the importance of family , might not be very original , but it has a lot of heart . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Like before , it just does n't gel like it should , although I found it slightly less grating than the first time around . -LRB- Full Content Review - Violence , Crude Humor , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
A few chuckles here and there ...
It 's in that lengthy middle where the film gets lost .
Good news is that Sandler as a writer is still exploring the fatherhood themes that we saw in the first one , bad news is it feels like we already saw this movie in 2012 . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A watered down version of the original . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Intimate observations on the modern family are not what you expect from an animated sequel meant to keep Sandler 's career undead .
Hotel Transylvania 2 offers cute but brainless escapism for young moviegoers - as well as parents looking to distract their children for a few hours .
The onslaught -LSB- of gags -RSB- is n't painful , but neither does it do much to distract from the ho-hum story .
A simple and well executed story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's not better than its predecessor , but it 's a great option for the whole family . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even though it 's really similar to the first one , it has some good gags . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's sometimes corny , trite , and a bit too scary . But it 's as good a vehicle as any to ask deeper questions with your kids .
Hotel Transylvania needed a sequel about as much as Kevin James needs a hamburger .
Where 's a wooden stake when you need one ?
Slightly spooky sequel is n't stellar , but fine for families .
This subpar sequel barely comes close to being as amusing as any run-of-the-mill `` Munsters '' TV episode .
The sequel , by Adam Sandler and returning writer Robert Smigel , sinks its teeth into overprotective parenting , families joined by marriage and tradition vs. progress with Sandler in his one of his most lovable roles leading up his pally pack of ghouls
A diverting animated sequel that , believe it or not , boasts one of Adam Sandler 's most affecting performances .
`` Be yourself '' proves the obvious takeaway from these exploits , this being a children 's movie . I 'm just not sure the message rang clear among the sounds of the children screaming .
The whole thing is amiable and colorful and surprisingly low on body-function gags . It may not kill you to take your kids .
More focused , imaginative & tightly paced than the scattered , less thoughtful original , `` Hotel Transylvania 2 '' is a merrily ghoulish excursion sure to please fans of the series while winning over those who wished the first film had tried a little harder .
When you 're looking for silly fun with a hug at the end , that 's just fine .
Genndy Tartakovsky is a talented director who knows how to telegraph what an animated character is thinking and doing and how to move a character in ways that suggest personality . He deserves a more interesting assignment .
It is better than it needs to be , and families could do worse than booking a couple of hours to watch it .
While Hotel Transylvania 2 is a visual marvel , it does n't come anywhere close to the originality of the first movie . The story is weaker , the laughs are infrequent , and you can feel the movie 's desperate attempts to seem hip .
There 's still no shortage of sight gags , but most of them work .
It 's an episodic , energetically animated gag factory from the pen of Adam Sandler , and while it 's the best screenplay to bear his name in years , it also warps some overfamiliar family-movie concerns until they become unavoidable in their ickiness .
Hotel Transylvania 2 is better than the original . Mind you , this is a low hurdle to clear .
Tartakovsky has n't created the sort of sequel that eclipses the original , but then again the original was n't exactly `` Toy Story '' or `` How to Train Your Dragon . ''
The spookiest thing about Hotel Transylvania 2 is how much funnier , colorful and original it is this second time around .
While the first Hotel Trans had humour for both younger and older audiences , this one will likely fall short in its appeal to adults , although there 's plenty for the little monsters to enjoy .
It risks offense by putting a typically Adam Sandler-ian twist on a tired familial trope , though such risks can often be the only thing enlivening forced franchise installments like this one .
The jokes stink like the Mummy 's armpits .
Many of the wisecracks are low-hanging fruit -LRB- like jokes about the rampant gentrification of the Transylvanian countryside -RRB- , but most of them still land ...
Unfortunately , what squeaked across the finish line last time falls short here . We 're left with flat , annoying characters and a rote storyline that 's too high of a hurdle even for Tartakovsky 's visual dynamism .
Great movies like `` ParaNorman '' and `` Frankenweenie '' showed the laughs you could get out of funny fiends ; `` Hotel Transylvania 2 '' just digs up a few corny gags .
Whereas the jokes in the Grown Ups series feel reactionary and bullying , the family-friendly Hotel Transylvania gags instead come off as clever and humane , even when they 're making fun of helicopter moms and lawsuit-sensitive summer camps .
Tartakovsky does n't land the sequel peacefully , he submerges it in chaos , flatlining the fun with excesses in action and story .
A depressingly flat attempt to wring a few more dollars out of the premise that drove its mediocre 2012 predecessor .
Hotel Transylvania 2 is a surprisingly charming and funny animated sequel .
Its plot comes across as just a rickety skeleton designed to prop up Sandler and company 's litany of cornball punchlines and gags , only a few of which cleverly play off of these characters ' iconography
Roughly twice as many laughs as the original . Still not enough , though the little kids will giggle .
It 's a cute enough diversion , but it does n't really amount to much more than Saturday morning cartoons .
It 's not a completely original film , but it 's fun , quick and ingenious . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
You wo n't hate yourself for liking this movie , but it 's really nothing more than filler

@highlight

Hotel Transylvania 2 is marginally better than the original , which may or may not be enough of a recommendation to watch 89 minutes of corny , colorfully animated gags from Adam Sandler and company .