Dropping quietly into theaters like a sneak attack on brain cells and good taste , C.B. Harding 's rickety vehicle for Blue Collar Comedy is among the first films to mine the endless War on Terror for laughs .
If you 've read this far and still want to see Delta Farce , just be warned . Things tend to get ugly , even when nothing blows up .
What it really boils down to is whether you 're a fan of Larry the Cable Guy . If so , you 'll -LRB- I would hope -RRB- realize you 're watching a pretty stupid comedy but will laugh in the appropriate parts .
Whatever your pet sensitivity -- the military , rednecks , gays , Mexicans -- this movie is an equal-opportunity denigrator .
War in Iraq is n't funny -- neither is this movie .
Larry the Cable Guy is not and has never been and never will be funny . The sooner everyone realizes this , the faster his movie career with go away .
The only farcical aspect of it is that it was greenlit in the first place .
It 's OK to write comedies about morons % u2026as long as you do n't insult the intelligence of the audience in the script .
Is it funny ? Not really . All of its subversive potential is wasted on -LSB- director -RSB- Harding , and even the straight-ahead farce is joyless .
... a surefire reassurance that war is indeed hell ... another prime example of ingenuity involving a box of crayons and someone 's desperate idea for quick-witted lunacy .
If ribbing the U.S. armed forces was considered unpatriotic after 9/11 , then Delta Farce proves that discussion of the Iraq War has now officially jumped the shark .
A romantic flicker between the dumpy Larry and a pretty local senorita defies all logic -- even in a movie this illogical .
Here 's a sobering thought : If every war gets the comedy it deserves , could Delta Farce , a strenuously unfunny Three Amigos knockoff , be our M * A * S * H ?
I can honestly say that I did n't laugh once
Perhaps best enjoyed by persons who have been lobotomized . After the first 30 minutes -LRB- I 'm being generous -RRB- , you may well feel like you have been .
As morale boosters go , Larry the Cable Guy is no Bob Hope , and it 's hard to reconcile the contradiction of an overtly tasteless movie that does n't want to offend the troops .
Like Paths Of Glory , Apocalypse Now , and Platoon , Delta Farce is a difficult , harrowing work offering little relief or humor . Unlike those movies , though , Delta Farce is supposed to be funny .
Lord , I apologize , but Larry the Cable Guy just ca n't seem to get ` er done in a feature film .
Larry the Cable Guy makes the men and women of the armed forces wait until the tail-end of his Iraq war comedy , Delta Farce , to learn that the movie is dedicated to them . Have n't they been through enough ?
A mindless comedy where the blatant racial stereotypes are outnumbered only by the flatulence jokes .
Among the many minorities mocked are Muslims , but perhaps the people most insulted are white Southerners , who presumably are expected to embrace one whopping brain-dead metaphor .
There are henpecked-husband jokes , gay jokes , turd humor , mispronounced Iraq war terms , guys asking `` Who farted ? '' and lots more Crackel Barrel comedy .
This is a movie where the villains are the comic relief for the comedians , and where the outtakes at the end are better than the film .
The liveliest battle in this atrocious service comedy is fighting the urge to leave midway through .
Even fans of gay-rape jokes are likely to feel burned out by the movie 's end .
That the second half of Delta Farce is a half-assed rip-off of the vastly superior Three Amigos is only one sign the Blue Collar boys have , to borrow one of the film 's few funny lines , `` more problems than a Cub Scout at Neverland Ranch . ''
It 's dopey Army comedy in the tradition of Buck Privates and Stripes , just with the sights aimed lower and blissfully unaware of its own monumental tastelessness .
An almost inconceivably bad movie , i.e. , it is so bad that it is hard to conceive how someone could have conceived it .
A motion picture so awfully annoying , I could n't even find a reason to recommend it to my dead dog Corky .
Forgetting the poor taste inherent in creating an inane military comedy like this one while American soldiers are still dying overseas , Delta Farce is n't funny enough to justify its existence .
A positively neutered affair , unlikely to offend ... or thrill ... virtually anyone .
A salad bar of misogyny , homophobia and hatred for all things that are n't A -RRB- American , B -RRB- male , and C -RRB- stupid .
One of those movies that 's great until the movie starts .
It 's not just stupid , it 's offensive .
Delta is likable , though , and both David and Trejo class up the act with their distinct comedic gifts .
The story : Georgia ` weekend warriors ' are shipped off to Iraq and somehow , between Georgia and Fallujah , the plane taking them dumps them into Mexico . No , the screenwriter did n't know how to read a map .
While I could say the quality of Larry 's feature film work has improved , that is n't exactly a ringing endorsement for the picture . It 's like saying drowning is more welcome than being set on fire .
By the time Larry wonders if they 've `` mixed up our longitudes and our latitudes , our stalactites and our stalagmites , '' I think I could hear my brain cells screaming in agony .
A low-rent Stripes without the makings of a comedy classic .
No one expects Delta Farce to compete with The Godfather or Titanic for Academy Awards supremacy , but you would expect everyone involved to try harder to be funnier instead of repeating every joke over and over again .
Cracks about turbans , `` carpet flyers , '' `` Turds '' and `` Shit-ites '' are n't funny enough to even qualify as jokes and it 's all too stupid to be offensive to anyone but the most sensitive viewer .
Even a blind pig digs up the occasional acorn , as the saying goes , and Delta Farce hits a squirrel 's banquet in the casting of Danny Trejo as town villain Carlos Santana -LRB- cue rock guitarist jokes -RRB- .
Yes , a dumb premise , but enough to raise a smile when someone describes it to you . However , I 'm here to say describing it and enduring it are two entirely different things .
If you 're hungry for comical interpretations of an errant war , may I suggest any episode of M * A * S * H -- or , indeed , any episode of Fox News .
-LSB- Larry the Cable Guy -RSB- makes me giggle uncontrollably .

@highlight

Too afraid to be a real satire of the Iraq War , Delta Farce instead devolves into a reprehensible , unfunny mix of slapstick , gay panic , and flatulence jokes .