The movie benefits from an interesting subject and good acting , I just wish it were more focused and deep .
A richly rewarding film experience that rises to the top of its genre .
While it is , like its genre brethren , inspiring and uplifting , Freedom Writers glosses over so much material that it makes the process look too easy .
Ironically , the film features almost zero teaching . Despite much pedagogical posturing , it does n't teach us much , either .
Worthwhile because of its honesty , because it tells a true story that 's worth telling , and because Hilary Swank and company have done it so well .
Is this film formulaic ? Yes . Does it accomplish what it set out to do ? Yes . ... It 's certainly not a perfect movie but it does offer many pleasures .
Swank 's earthiness is key here , and she consistently rises above the story 's cliches .
The script wo n't win any stars for originality , it 's all put across with enough sincerity to make the corn easy to swallow .
Hilary Swank is all heart in this uplifting film about kids from the wrong side of the track who become inspired to learn and do the right thing .
yet another feel-good teacher flick that will leave most audiences satisfied
An Inspirational Teacher Movie that is moving , thought-provoking and succeeds in being genuinely inspiring .
This is moving stuff , thoughtfully handled and well performed .
It may only deserve a C for achievement , but it ranks a B + for effort .
You 'll be embarrassed , sad , happy then exhausted .
Has its inspiring moments - especially given the true story - and some tense , dramatic scenes amid the speedy montages of confusing gang action .
Despite solid work from the engaging cast , there 's nothing new here to distinguish Freedom Writers as anything beyond a C + .
While this film has a terrific story , and strong acting anchored by Swank 's superb central performance , it 's also a little slick and gimmicky
It 's a case of youthful enthusiasm vs. all sorts of cynicism and guess who wins ?
The film may be inspired by a true story , but it 's a mishmash of scenes we 've seen before , and for a film about original teaching methods , the storyline is surprisingly derivative and predictable .
An inspiring drama about an idealistic teacher who breaks down the walls separating her students from each other and enables them to celebrate their unity in diversity .
LaGravenese -LRB- `` The Horse Whisperer '' -RRB- has a tendency to sanitize every scene , and when he hits the audience 's emotional sweet spot and a few tears begin to flow , you have the feeling that the release is unjustified .
Gee whiz , if Swank taught in the typical American school , there 'd be no child left behind . They 'd all be polishing apples and asking for homework .
Considering that I thought this was going to be another badly written piece of January Junk , `` Freedom Writers '' is surprisingly entertaining .
Swank , though she herself has the same number of Oscars as Kidman and Jolie combined , is yet hardly a proven box office draw .
The stirring Freedom Writers earns a place alongside memorable earlier movies about inspirational teachers and their fortunate students .
On its face , it looks like `` Dangerous Minds 2 '' without a Coolio song . It 's not so good that it ca n't wait until it shows up on CBS , but it scribbles sensibly in the margins of the well-worn inspirational-teacher drama notebook .
When Freedom Writers does work , it works very well .
The old To Sir , With Love formula is a surefire winner ...
Engaging but clichéd inspirational drama set during the time of the 1992 race riots in Los Angeles . On some level , just about any movie featuring never-say-die teachers is effective .
The right step taken by Freedom Writers , moving it from shameless sentiment to affecting drama , is writer-director Richard LaGravanese insistence on making it the kids ' story .
It does n't have a catchy hit tune sung by Lulu , but Hillary Swank does a nice take on a dedicated teacher ala To Sir With Love in the engaging Freedom Writers .
Freedom Writers will work for viewers with a penchant for this particular subgenre , but others might well find it too much of the same old thing .
Despite dubious credibility , it 's an entertaining , if misandristic , movie .
Square , sincere , and proud of it .
Our eager-beaver heroine suffers the kids ' sarcasm , fails to earn their respect by bringing in a Tupac tape , then wins them over in a crucial scene that , fact-based or not , rings as false as anything in Dangerous Minds .
Retreading familiar territory is n't so bad when you have Hilary Swank as your guide .
Corny ? You bet . And worse when the plot veers into the glitz of a Dangerous Minds and the sappiness of a TV After School Special . But the movie , which Swank helped produce by using her clout as a two-time Oscar winner , gets to you .
This is the kind of film that is aimed at young adults but has such quality that it should appeal to more mature audiences , too .
Hilary Swank delivers as impressive a performance as her Oscar-winning outings in Boys Do n't Cry and Million Dollar Baby .
Jumps out of it 's formulamatic `` teacher changes lives '' theme more than once to present a pleasing and thought provoking film .
The only aspect of these flicks that 's changed since the days of The Blackboard Jungle is that the leads have gotten prettier ... and whiter .
Gruwell has done more meaningful work than any of the critics who will brush off her story as sentimental and predictable , and LaGravenese and Swank ... do the story of the real Freedom Writers justice .
By emphasizing her dazzling , toothy smile and can-do cheerleading style , Hilary Swank makes her well-intentioned misfit utterly believable .
Contrived yet inspirational - about transforming anger and apathy into creativity .
Freedom Writers is another exceptional teacher scenario not so different from the norm .
Swank looks properly out of place in this role -LRB- she comes to teaching from another field -RRB- and manages to become convincing as someone who wants to save these lives headed for destruction .
Sure , it was less obnoxious than Dangerous Minds but it was no The Substitute .
See the movie , read the book , be inspired .
The plot is predictable , the actors too old to play high school students , and the pacing too slow . But Freedom Writers also argues for listening to teenagers . That alone makes it strange and even a little wonderful .
Takes to screen w/gritted teeth & edgy determination to teach something worthwhile . Strong performances & tear jerking message barrel through its sometimes rickety structure
I 've seen most of this before in other films ... But if you like this kind of movie , it should n't be a waste .
Thanks to LaGravenese 's empathetic writing and direction , and Swank 's titanic force of will , Freedom Writers ' unabashed earnestness proves unexpectedly powerful .
It 's not a great movie , but at-risk teens could do a lot worse .
Formulaic though it is , the story hits the right emotional buttons and promises that hope and dogged work trump despair .
Freedom Writers confounds its own claims to veracity by coming across as a veritable textbook in itself -- a textbook of earnest , liberal , white-woman-in-the-blackboard jungle clichés .
It 's a truly inspiring story ; pity the movie does n't live up to it .
At a time when New Year 's resolutions to change already are falling by the wayside , you ca n't help but be moved by a group of young people who followed through on their resolve .
-LSB- Director Richard -RSB- LaGravenese introduces enough original elements and guides Swank to another winning performance , putting a fresh face on a familiar genre .
Annoying subplots and paper-thin villains ensure that the movie remains mired in mediocrity .
An old-fashioned great-teacher-turns-bad-students-into-scholars story that ranks up there with Stand and Deliver .
What makes Freedom Writers work is the very thing that makes it seem like a drag : predictable inspiration .
An unashamed heart-tugger , Freedom Writers is based on the true story of Erin Gruwell , a teacher so full of gee-whiz decency she can only be played by Hilary Swank .
One teacher can make a difference in a troubled student 's life . I learned this from To Sir , with Love , Dangerous Minds and Van Halen 's Hot for Teacher video .
By using the voices of the students ; their words , their tones , their highs , their lows ; the film takes on a gut-punching immediacy that 's more than a bit startling .
An educational fantasy that happens to be mostly true .
Freedom Writers manages to strike some fresh chords without playing its audience .
Never quite succeeds as anything more than Dangerous Minds Redux .
A flawed but engaging mentor-making-a-difference story based on the experiences of a Long Beach high-school teacher .
These stories can be so trite and predictable . Freedom Writers ca n't escape this curse entirely , but it does have an authentic atmosphere that many of its predecessors lack .
Freedom Writers ' heart is in the right place , and for many that will be enough .
This film fails to earn what Erin Gruwell earned in real life : credibility .
Freedom Writers is a tribute to individualism wrapped in the most conformist of packages , one of those pictures where the message of the tale is flatly contradicted by the manner of the telling .
Freedom Writers will follow you right out of the movie theatre and into your own head and heart .
There 's a straight-ahead spirit to Freedom Writers that lifts it above its too-many peers in the ` troubled youth ' category of films .
What is profoundly different about this based-on-fact film is that although we leave the theater wishing there were more teachers as devoted as the one depicted here .
Freedom Writers gradually finds its place in the cinematic classroom , telling a moving story and boasting a fine performance from Hilary Swank .
Freedom Writers , which has a lot to say about education and the flaws in the American public-school system , gets high marks -- for effort and for merit .
The kids ' individual triumphs seem satisfyingly hard-won .
Swank 's scenes with the students spark with such energy that the rest of the movie ... reminds you how formulaic it all is .
At first glance , it looks like it might be just another one of those films in which a white idealist liberates her non-white pupils , but thankfully , it 's better than that .
At times , Freedom Writers invokes genuine emotions , but this derivative teacher-inspires-troubled-kids movie mostly just pries your eyes open and jerks the tears out .
There is one great scene as Miep Gies , the woman who hid the Frank family , comes to the classroom to tell them that they are the real heroes . But Swank makes Gruwell too saintly and the students too generic for us to feel any real connection .
While the makers of Freedom Writers may have kept to the facts , they neglected to keep it real .
involving and touching when it focuses on Gruwell 's attempts to inspire the students and rather insipid when it dramatizes Gruwell 's predictable battles with policy-conscious school administrators ...
A spirited and awfully engaging rendition of the ancient Dangerous Minds formula .
It would be easy to write off Freedom Writers as another inspirational teacher movie , not to mention one in which the white character saves the minorities , but to do so would be unfair .
Does n't add anything new to the formula , no matter how much of a hero Erin truly has become .
At once heartfelt , absorbing , and dopey .
The film mixes unbearably hokey `` my badness '' material with something I did n't expect from a picture this threadbare : sensitivity .
It may seem like a clichéd mix of Dead Poet 's Society and Dangerous Minds on the surface , but writer/director LaGravenese supplies enough fresh content , well-developed characters , and heart to blindside even the crankiest of moviegoers .
Too preachy , too many tears .
The story feels like a rehash of movies we 've seen , such as Stand and Deliver , Dangerous Minds and Take the Lead . If Swank 's character were n't so saintly , the story might be more convincing .
Erin herself is so unbelievably saintly -- and her fellow teachers so snivellingly evil -- that she 's impossible to believe as anything more than an inspiration-bot .
. . for all the dramatic license that writer/director Richard LaGravenese takes in his film , -LSB- Gruwell 's -RSB- story -- and the stories of her students -- are moving .
Swank shows that in the right role her unusually disarming talent can elevate routine material .
In Freedom Writers Hilary Swank uses neediness to fine effect in a film with a strong emotional tug and smartly laid foundation .
Even earnestness and good intentions ca n't save Freedom Writers from feeling overly familiar . We 've already seen this story many times in various forms .
Try as they might , the kids in Freedom Writers ca n't break free from Hollywood formula .
Offers a sort of Chinese food poignancy , the kind that may seem satisfying at the time but ultimately leaves us hungering for more , for something authentic . Maybe that 's why we keep coming back .
Freedom Writers takes plenty of shots at the system , too , and makes the quite righteous statement that only through individual effort does anything wrong ever really get changed .
Proof-positive that a formulaic plot done to death can still work if enough effort and passion is put into it .
Completely flat , it 's a well-intentioned dog , but a dog nonetheless .
Sure , we 've been here and seen all of this before . But when it 's this well done , we thoroughly enjoy seeing it again .
A white teacher takes on a classroom full of nonwhite kids in Freedom Writers and proves that old adage : The perkier they are , the harder they fall .
In the hands of writer-director Richard LaGravenese , Freedom Writers turns out to be a superb piece of mainstream entertainment .
The students are uniformly affecting : R&B singer Mario , Jason Finn and April Hernandez stand out as teens about to fall permanently into thug life .
Hilary Swank gives a powerhouse performance as a maverick high school teacher in Freedom Writers , an often gripping and sometimes even inspiring film .
LaGravenese has incorporated some of the real students ' piercingly honest diary entries and rounded up an engaging cast of unknowns and young actors -LRB- April Hernandez , Kristin Herrera , Hunter Parrish -RRB- to channel their anger and hopelessness .
-LSB- Swank -RSB- makes Erin a very specific person , a woman who risks everything else in her life for these kids , whether it 's taking two extra jobs or charming the school superintendent with her wide smile and boundless energy .
Despite occasional moments of inspiration , Freedom Writers simplistically focuses on maudlin highlights and glosses over the obstacles to rallying a dangerously disparate group of youths more accustomed to loathe than trust one another .
Like the troubled kids , -LSB- Freedom Writers -RSB- has the potential to succeed with a little work .
Swank , who exec produced the film , marches through the story with a curiously inappropriate grin on her face . No teacher in America could possibly smile this often .
Richard LaGravenese 's film succeeds primarily because , like the classic Stand and Deliver , it 's about abandoned kids learning to be the best they can possibly be .
A movie you 've seen plenty of times before , but never mind .
If Erin Gruwell did n't exist , screenwriters would invent her .
Although Freedom Writers is the latest in a long line of saint-saves-students stories , it takes the bold approach of being earnest , honest and unafraid to be called naive . As a result , it 's extremely affecting .
Its obvious good intentions ca n't compensate for its utter familiarity ... just a case of old wine in an equally old bottle .
You wo n't remember most of the kids ' names , but their stories will leave an impression on you .
What this movie lacks in originality ... it more than makes up for in true heart and spirit .
For those who see it , the movie has a chance to connect . Freedom Writers is superior to what film-goers typically expect from an early January release .






@highlight

Freedom Writers is a frank , formulaic entry in the inspirational inner-city teacher genre , with an energetic Hilary Swank leading the appealing cast of unknowns .