Half of this movie is , `` Oh ! This is what Chipmunks could have been ! '' and the other have is just `` Oh . This is what Chipmunks have always been . ''
There is very little heart to all the mad rush in the movie .
Bashing your head against the wall would be more fun than The Road Chip .
Frankly , your children deserve better .
Irritating characters , little semblance of a plot , weak gags , and sub-par performances ... result in a film that does n't even have enough going on to interest a five-year-old .
Normally dependable comic actors are wasted in roles .
The final product quite amiable nonsense .
The absence of long-standing series stalwart David Cross is a shame -LRB- Tony Hale ca n't quite fill the gap -RRB- but Jason Lee is back , making it business as usual .
Ultimately , fans of the franchise wo n't be disappointed while the rest of us will be quietly hoping that Homeland Security step in a finish the job .
One amusing airport security sketch aside , this series must surely have had its chips .
If you 're looking for something to amuse the kids on a cold , windy afternoon then Road Chip is bearable enough -- just . But a fifth film would really be a stretch .
Alvin and the Chipmunks : The Road Chip is the fourth , agonising instalment in the franchise that charts the adventures of three enormously-punchable helium-voiced rodents .
The franchise squeaks past with a so-so sequel that barely improves on what came before . Our only hope is that at some point they 'll have to hibernate .
Instantly forgettable but inoffensive fluff ... you know , for kids . And ` inoffensive ' is better than can be said for many movies aimed at children .
You might want to stick sharpened knitting needles in your ears .
A sugar-sweet , nutty kind of chip-muck , but cinematic excrement all the same .
Fun time at the movies with lots of color and music , totally forgettable but enjoyable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -LSB-
A good movie for kids that adults can also enjoy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even though the film is marketed as a road movie for kids , it barely has any road in it and that 's just the least of its flaws . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A movie that kids would love and adults can watch without getting bored . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Tediously silly , slapstick re-visit with the rollicking rodents ...
The Road Chip hardly qualifies as great cinema . And really , no adult goes to these films because they want to . But it is a perfectly serviceable accompaniment to a choc top and bag of popcorn .
It 's harmless enough , but harmless garbage is still garbage .
Delivers precisely what is expected to its fans ... The super-high quality of the animation , which places Alvin , Theodore and Simon in the real world , remains a real highlight in these innocuous adventures - it really is an unrecognised art .
Sometimes , I can almost hear the studio executives talking before a film gets the green light .
Alvin and the Chipmunks : The Road Chip is terrible for adults , and exposing your kids to this money-grab will not make them any smarter .
Those chirpy chipmunks are back and your tolerance for Alvin and his buds in Alvin and the Chipmunks : The Road Chip may depend entirely on whether you are watching with children or not .
There are a few cameos ... there 's product placement galore , a few bearable gags , a few songs and not much else . It 's exactly what an Alvin and the Chipmunks movie aims to deliver , in other words .
It 's all mostly harmless as far as these things go - lazy , sure , but harmless .
This is a movie that meets the minimum running time to be considered a feature film and has no grander ambition than to serve as a sneaky alternative for families when Star Wars is sold out .
The next time the chipmunks make something together , I hope it 's a fur coat .
The Road Chip is the cinematic equivalent of an air ball . It does n't matter how pretty your form is or how expensive your shoes are ; if you 're aiming the ball at the wrong target , the result is going to look really , really bad .
86 minutes does n't feel long when you 're watching a movie worth your time , but when that film happens to be Alvin And The Chipmunks : The Road Chip , it 's an eternity of pain .
The Road Chip is bad , and anyone who cashed a check because of it should feel bad .
Fourth Chipmunks movie is silly , brand-filled -LRB- as always -RRB- .
In general , `` Alvin '' is funny and , sometimes , a little bit sweet .
Jason Lee looks dumpy and disinterested throughout . That almost describes my feelings .
The off-putting CGI Chipmunks coast through a derivative , squeaky-voiced adventure with fleeting moments of charm .
There 's not too much to say that has n't already been said about the previous three entries . -LRB- Full Content Review - Violence , Crude Humor , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
Retains the philosophy of the previous three : there 's no need to try very hard when your audience is composed of undiscerning children .
It 's conventional , nonsensical , pandering and crammed with potty humor . If there was ever any charm to this franchise , it 's long gone by now .
Exposure to ` Alvin and the Chipmunks : The Road Chip ' may result in the dislocation of eyeballs in viewers over the age of 7 due to uncontrollable rolling of the eyes at the sight of the idiotic antics committed on screen .
So proud of the term `` pizza toots '' they put it in the trailer . The prosecution rests .
It 's harmless , zippy , candy-colored fun .
Now would be an excellent time for parents of young children to invest in earplugs .
The last drop of charm was wrung out of this ensemble a couple of sequels ago .
judging by the reactions of the kids at the matinee screening , the only thing that registered with the target demographic was a gag involving chipmunk poop .
This road trip is not worth leaving home for .
There really does n't seem to be any reason for this listless Chipmunks installment - the fourth in their continuing big-screen revival , if you 're counting .
If you 're looking for kid-friendly anthropomorphic animals , check out The Good Dinosaur .
The only thing The Road Chip accomplishes is making three previous Chipmunk comedies look not as abysmally bad by comparison .
The ending does teach a predictably sweet message , but it 's the journey that 's more than half the fun in this appealing movie perfect for a winter break afternoon .
Alvin and the Chipmunks : The Road Chip has sporadic laughs for the under-10 set and absolutely nothing for the poor parents sitting next to them .
It 's cheesy , but what else could be expected from a film with talking animated chipmunks ?
The movie does nothing special or surprising , but it does n't particularly offend , either .
The life expectancy of a chipmunk maxes out at 10 years in captivity . So biologically , we must be coming toward the end of this franchise .
Fourth Chipmunk outing offers broad slapstick for kids and an endurance test for their parents .
Failing almost entirely at amusement , `` The Road Chip '' may be most useful as a lesson for children to be more discerning about their movie choices .
It is a loud and bloated live action mixed with animation that will appeal to the less discriminating young ones . I guess in that case it does exactly what it was supposed to , but it is impossible to even mildly recommend something like this .
It takes roughly five minutes before the first fart joke arrives in `` The Road Chip , '' with the production wasting little time before they reach for desperation .
Hale deserves credit for trying his best ; a Chipmunks movie looks like a lonely place .
Here are two things that stopped being cute a long , long time ago : Baby Got Back and Alvin and the Chipmunks . They 're both here in the fourth live-action movie from a series that continues to find its plot and gags by foraging in the trash .
A mostly harmless yet plenty rough assemblage of musical numbers and rote chases that barely add up to a movie ...
Let 's just get it out of the way right now : Reader , I liked it .
In the film , Alvin and the Chipmunks proudly align themselves not with Dr. Demento , but with Kidz Bop .
The Road Chip is n't exactly what I 'd call a good film and has almost nothing going on in the visual department , but for those saddled with kids for an afternoon , you could do a lot worse .
What to say about Road Chip ? It is a film , it exists , it employs a lot of people -- dancers , musicians , background extras , comedians and character actors , and most everyone seems to be having a lot of fun .

@highlight

In some respects , Alvin and the Chipmunks : The Road Chip is a marginal improvement over prior installments , although this in no way qualifies as a recommendation .