The silver lining to 13 years of being blacklisted are all those incredible letters that we can now enjoy for their deft but basic truths .
Like the great artist he is Trumbo 's work speaks as loudly today as it did 50 years ago . Perhaps we should all listen .
A portrait of Dalton Trumbo , the writer who defied HUAC . Joan Allen , Paul Giamatti , Liam Neeson , David Strathairn and Donald Sutherland , among others , read excerpts from Trumbo 's letters . Moving and compelling . Must see .
Does a fine job of showing the emotional and financial toll the decadelong blacklist -LRB- plus a year 's imprisonment for contempt of Congress -RRB- took on Trumbo and his family as he tried to scrape by writing anonymously .
The transporting power of this experience is in the passionate and almost outlandishly eloquent verbal expression Trumbo poured into his correspondence , and the vividly American principles he defends .
The film is an enlightening recap of '50s Red Scare politics , and a parade of actors giving meaningful , earnest readings of Trumbo 's speeches and letters .
Trumbo is hurt by an unwillingness to actually explore Trumbo 's own politics and delve into his actual beliefs about communism , Stalin or Marxist ideology .
It will serve as a fine entry point for younger auds interested in learning about theprice paid by moviemakers and their families swept up in the 1950s anti-Communist net .
It 's a pleasure to meet a truly moral man in a documentary that rightly heralds his name .
An amazing primer on how to stand by your principles even as the unprincipled knock you around .
A ousing documentary as ornery , orotund and captivating as its subject .
As the story of a fierce , beleaguered individualist , ` Trumbo ' is stirring and informative , though perhaps not as thorough as it could be .
Dalton Trumbo showed that it was possible , even within the Hollywood system , to deal seriously with issues like freedom and personal responsibility .
Although it glosses over a few relevant details , Trumbo also functions as a passionate defense of truth from a writer who embodied all of the virtues that America claims to value .
Of all the many narrative films and documentaries that have been made about the Hollywood blacklist , none has more intimately captured what it must have been like to live through that sordid time .
This biography is celebratory to a fault . There is scant context about the history and political climate that led to the blacklist .
Trumbo was initiated by two of Trumbo 's children , but their attempt to personalize the film is n't quite personal enough .
... a beautifully directed and passionate homage to the dignity of one man against the indignity of the times .
A celebration of a large-hearted contrarian , and if it 's over-worshipful , the film gets you in an indulgent frame of mind .
Askin 's dramatic camera angles are somewhat awkward , but the superb performances and the words eventually win out .
Step back to the good old days when anybody could be brought before Congress and interrogated about their beliefs , and meet one of the most famous of those who refused to answer .
By itself , the golden age of Trumbo 's career would make for an inspired documentary . But , alas , history situates him in another story , a tragedy that nearly consumed him and many other members of Hollywood .
It is oddly pleasant to know that such a man once existed .
Trumbo is well worth seeing for what it tells us about the age in which this irrepressible individualist lived , loved , suffered and finally triumphed .
The substance of those letters , along with documentary footage and a touching appearance by Kirk Douglas , throws a baleful light on a bleak chapter of American history .
Trumbo 's vivid archival footage and interviews share less-than-equal time , though , with an all-star cast ... taking turns reading from the writer 's letters and speeches .
This hard-nosed look at the grim realities of the blacklist is as timely as ever .
What kind of international revolutionary whines about his family being made unwelcome among the tykes of the bourgeoisie ?
Using Trumbo 's letters , statements , speeches and scripts , director Peter Askin creates a rich portrait of a cantankerous , principled man of words .
Trumbo is an unconventional film about an unconventional man .
It 's Trumbo 's words -- unfiltered and often unhinged -- that make this doc worth seeing .
Family home movies and photos and archival clips round out the film , which holds its hero-worshiping to fairly tolerable levels .
The best way to learn about Trumbo is through his writing , which is spirited , dry , and utterly convinced of its truth
The film only comes alive with archival footage of the HUAC hearings and interviews with Trumbo himself . When the letter-readers come on , it slows to a snails-pace .
Peter Askin 's stirring documentary Trumbo gives you reasons to cheer but also to weep .
More successful at evoking sympathy for Dalton Trumbo than offering a detailed study of the Red Scare vis-à-vis the screenwriters known as the `` Hollywood Ten , '' it nevertheless provides a fascinating introduction to the always-relevant topic .
Trumbo emerges as a son 's bittersweet valentine to his old man , and a tribute to the senior Trumbo 's resilience , wit , and outrage in the face of a national disgrace .
unimaginative ... rendering a film that should have been impassioned and full of life and humor into something static and dull .
Reflects the fun of crafting zesty prose and the pain of not being able to attach your real name to it .
What could have been a human - and Hollywood-interest film turns out to be a not very successful experiment .
Balancing the political and the personal is a smart idea , though the resulting togglethon ends up being the uneasiest of marriages .
An overdue vindication of a true patriot and a timely reminder to continue challenging authority in the face of the Patriot Act .
Myth and piety are the film 's guiding principles -- documenting truth is n't .
The readings of Dalton Trumbo 's letters to family and friends are starkly rendered-famous faces ... recite rousing missives without the aid of sets or props of any kind save for Trumbo 's own thunderous proclamations in defense of free speech .
A fine counterpart to Good Night , and Good Luck and a unique amalgam of talking heads and theatrics , the story of Dalton Trumbo and how he and his family dealt with being blacklisted is an amazing one .
... the film 's inability to put a new spin on well-covered material ... means the definitive work about this fascinating figure is yet to come .
Blacklisted screenwriter and freedom-fighter Dalton Trumbo is revealed in this touching documentary that utilizes talking-head interviews along with Trumbo 's letters to flesh out the man responsible for such film classics as `` Johnny Got His Gun , '' `` Spartac
Trumbo is most focused when it lets the man and his peers testify directly .
Using rich archival footage , including Trumbo 's own words and letters , this comprehensive docu sheds light on the Oscar-winning blacklisted writer -LRB- one of the Hollywood Ten -RRB- who continued to be creative in exile .
Epistolary dramas are often big bores , but this film is much better than it has the right to be given the variety of actors playing Trumbo .
This may be the last film to feature Trumbo 's writing and it has some of his most powerful prose . It is may be the best film that has ever been made about the Hollywood blacklist and the Hollywood Ten .
First-rate documentary about a screenwriter who stood up to the blacklist and serves as an example of the kind of resistance that is needed today as the government shreds the Constitution .




@highlight

Trumbo celebrates the life and work of blacklisted screenwriter Dalton Trumbo with measures of humor and sadness .