Is it perfect ? NO . Is it better than the first one ? Possibly . Will EVERYONE be happy ? Hell No . Will it entertain the majority ? Most likely .
The problem with having all these plots is that nothing has enough time . Everything feels rushed .
The maudlin moments of overwrought emotion feel poorly integrated with the action sequences , which , as in all sequels , are longer and louder .
Not the worst Spider-Man movie ... but the most disappointing for sure .
Finding yourself nodding off in a darkened theatre halfway through the picture is not promising .
I predict an Oscar win -LRB- skip the nomination , head straight to Go -RRB- for The Amazing Spider-Man 2 for special effects .
If she could just get away from him she would be safe . She would be free . She would n't be falling , falling , falling , needing him to catch her just one last time , and failing .
So much of this feels like deja vu .
Over-stuffed with plot and consequently struggles to invest the audience in any of it , since there 's so much to get through and so many future films and spinoffs to set up .
Even the twist feels like it comes up short of its intended emotional weight , and it 's hard to think fans will remember this installment as anything special 10 years from now .
The problem with Marc Webb 's reboot of Spider-Man can be boiled down to one word : scale .
` The Amazing Spider-Man 2 ' will certainly make a bazillion dollars , but after you sit through it - all 142 minutes of it - it 's very hard to work up a compelling reason that it needed to exist , aside from the aforementioned bazillion dollars .
As a former trainer , the reviewer feels the spider-bod should be rockclimber-ish . All that pulling and hauling should result in some truly epic lats , and Popeye forearms .
This second outing does have its faults -LRB- including a dizzying pace that makes it hard to savor the film -RRB- but it definitely delivers the thrills , suspense and a sheer , undiluted adrenaline charge .
Sony has now fully bought into the narratively-damaging idea that teasing what 's to come is more important than the film itself .
What we have here is a fun , cool and overlong film that we have no problem enjoying while it 's playing , only for it to fade quickly from memory like a cobwebbed past that holds no importance .
A wonderful mess of a film - as lovably neurotic and unstable as the webslinger himself .
Like Electro plugging himself into any available energy source , the effect is momentarily impressive . Sparks fly . The air crackles . But the power soon drains -- and nothing quite works as it should .
It could easily be shorter and no one would be mad , but personally , I thought it was a tonal improvement on the last film and actually made me care that I was watching a movie about Spider-Man .
Although it drags at times and is simply too long , dampening the emotional impact of some key plot points , the fine performances -- particularly Garfield 's and a fine closing scene -- will leave you thinking this Spider-Man is still kind of amazing .
Everyone has done an excellent job on director Marc Webb 's exciting , well-crafted sequel to his first Spider-Man film . But it 's impossible to reboot audiences ' brains , and forget the same job was done even better , only the other day .
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 certainly has its moments , but for the most part it 's just middle-of-the-pack blockbuster fare .
Frustrates as much as it entertains .
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is as lost and confused as its lead character , and without the first film 's characters played by Denis Leary and Martin Sheen , there 's no conscience to the picture .
For a movie in which crackling balls of energy are tossed around like dodgeballs , Amazing 2 is short on electricity .
What works for the film are its leads , solid performances all around , some great chemistry and the VFX .
The action sequences are breathtaking and despite the running time , the film does n't drag . Garfield and Stone , in the scenes where they are together , have a palpable chemistry .
When The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is good , it 's very , very good -- and when it 's bad , it 's perfunctory .
Webb keeps the tone light , caps the sulking , and limits the inside jokes .
That busy-ness is part of what makes it impossible to fully embrace this movie , because you can never completely forget that it 's less about telling an individual story than keeping a machine chugging along .
Fans may convince themselves they 've gotten their money 's worth , but the movie does n't make it easy .
Okay , I do n't want to hang the failure of this mega-budget sequel on a single actor . It truly was a team effort . But , Garfield looks most unattractive as the webbed wonder .
There 's a purely visual element to the storytelling that escapes many films of the genre - or , at least , everything but their action scenes .
This sequel masks the tragically personal -- loss , grief , guilt -- beneath sparking screwball romance . Swings a fine line between comic-book lightness and ever-approaching tragedy ... when time runs out , even for the most wise-cracking young hero .
If the previous installment was a bit darker and more somber , this one retains some of that edge but then injects a massive dose of pure comic book joy . This is what a Spider-Man movie would look like if Marvel Studios made it ...
The film is a narrative disaster , but the character work is mostly solid and the terrific action scenes are worth the price of admission .
... pales in comparison to its predecessor as it emphasizes spectacle more than story .
Another lesson on why introducing too many villains dilutes the richness of detail available when focusing on one . A delightful reboot diminished in its second act .
It 's like they took one good and one bad script and mashed them together ... proof that the box office has become all about the franchise ...
Despite the number of villains and conspiracies at work in the screenplay , they actually are n't what makes this film overlong and wearying . A leaner script and/or more judicious editing re : -LRB- Peter & Gwen 's -RRB- relationship would have made a better movie .
Passes comic-book muster
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 throws everything at the wall to see what sticks , but most of it just goes `` splat . '' It is an exhausting experience , and one that feels far less than amazing .
While there is much to enjoy in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 , it is also hard not to feel like it is working primarily as yet another set-up , building the foundation for future films at the expense of the central narrative
In spite of the numbing effect of this chaotic claptrap , the movie is still blessed with an incredible super power : the chemistry between leads Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone
With the studio seemingly more interested in mini-Marvel-esque universe building than basic storytelling , I 'll be bracing myself for another underwhelming , rather than amazing , Spider-Man .
`` It 's as if the lessons that were learned by the widely loathed , 2007 ` three-quel ' Spider-Man 3 were lost on the filmmakers and studio , who are condemned to repeat those mistakes of the past . ''
Even the most stylized genre movie needs the occasional infusion of real-person behavior .
If you 're a teen , the effort to jam in so many storylines and action will fulfill you to the max , while asking too much of less forgiving audiences in the age-stretching and sensory overload .
Ever get the feeling you 're being jerked around ?
What corporate accounting looks like in cinematic form .
A ` Marvel ' - ously entertaining franchise that miraculously just keeps on giving and giving !
We have now gotten three bad Spider-Man films in a row .
A badly scripted jumble of subplots whose jostling for screen time only serves to obscure the character who is supposed to be center stage .
Call me an old fuddy-duddy , but if you 've seen one Spider-Man film , you 've seen 'em all .
The climax and resolution gave me hope for the future of this franchise , but as for `` The Amazing Spider-Man 2 '' it might have to settle for being just another good blockbuster this summer .
`` Too many villains ! It is a better attempt than Sam Raimi 's `` Spider-Man 3 '' but it 's far from perfect .
I liked the performances by Emma Stone , Dane DeHaan , Jamie Foxx and Andrew Garfield . DeHaan has a kind of evil intensity about him , and a look that reminds me a bit of Leonardo DiCaprio .
Webb 's second entry into this tiresome franchise amounts to little more than a case study in superhero movie banality .
An adrenaline-pumping popcorn picture aimed at a youthful audience ...
`` Spider-Man 2 '' lacks focus . ... Is it a love story about the challenges of being a superhero and having a girlfriend ? Or is it the standard superhero vs. a cadre of crazed super-villains action feature ?
There is a real sense here that the filmmakers are united in their focus of telling a story with clear and concise motives , even if the journey towards the climax has obstacles along the way .
A vast improvement over its worthless predecessor ...
It 's jam-packed , stuffed with too much of everything , especially bad guys-do we really need three of them ? Perhaps next time , this itsy bitsy spider wo n't have such a hard time fighting for his own spotlight .
Like other franchise films of the past few years , it demonstrates that its prime influence is not pop cinema nor even the Marvel canon but the quality dramas of cable television , with their large casts , handsome production values and serial storytelling .
Despite the efforts of Electro , the franchise is running shockingly low on juice .
Bloated and silly .
If -LSB- the film -RSB- ultimately resolves without quite plumbing its own depths as much as I 'd have preferred , I 'm still more than impressed with where it opts to go in the first place .
-LSB- This -RSB- version of Peter Parker , again played by Andrew Garfield , is incapable of suppressing his feelings . He 's by turns jubilant , heartbroken , cocksure and tormented , and he 's never boring .
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is a slight improvement over its predecessor , but not enough that we can feel excited about the future of this franchise . ... As the Rhino , the usually reliable Paul Giamatti makes one long for the days of Topher Grace 's Venom .
The only parts of The Amazing Spider-Man 2 that work are those scenes with Garfield and Stone , who bring energy and life to characters that otherwise might have felt somewhat lifeless .
Electro is like the Rupert Pupkin of supervillains .
Left me bored when there was no action .
Looking back , it 's apparent that the only two creations of cultural mythology created in the 1960s that matter are `` Star Trek '' and `` Spider-Man . ''
Returning director Marc Webb has here grabbed onto two driving principles : deliver a killer final reel and give the audience something they can care for . He 's commendably come through on both accounts . Thankfully .
Nothing but a blur ...
Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone are still the main draw in an overstuffed Spidey sequel that sets up the next slate of villain-centric films , but gives the story short shrift .
Uneven Spider-Man sequel mixes action , romance .
The two tease , their grins dazzle . Their flirtation is freighted yet weightless . The melting chemistry between Stone and Garfield ? It 's gaga-goo-goo dada from the get-go .
Peter 's girlfriend Gwen -LRB- Emma Stone -RRB- -LSB- delivers -RSB- the `` valetudinarian '' speech at her school , which feels as empty and platitudinous as the movie . I could n't help laughing .
About the best thing one can say about this fiasco is that Webb has taken only two films to reach the same exhausted , exhausting endpoint that Raimi required three to achieve . It 's progress , of a sort .
Sets a new bar for big and splashy comic book blockbusters ; unfortunately , while The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is enthralling , in the end , it 's also pretty empty .
A comic-book flick through and through , with writing and a visual style that emulate the panels of graphic storytelling . This is both good and bad .
Look , I see what Webb is doing here and applaud him for wanting to inject a little heart into this muscle-bound genre , but he went a bit overboard and the result is death by overdose .
This is the ` Batman & Robin ' of the entire Spidey series .
Sally Field as Aunt May remains this franchise 's secret weapon of crying .
Taken at face value as a basic summer action movie , it is enjoyable to watch . However , the pacing is a mess , and villains are thrown in at the most unlikely times .
An unequal sequel just going through the motions .
Uneven Spider-Man sequel mixes action , romance .
This is a movie that needs to remove a piece of jewelry .
`` The Amazing Spider-man 2 ″ is n't a bad movie by any means . It 's just bloodless , soulless , and completely devoid of anything magical , memorable or special .
He -LSB- Marc Webb -RSB- tinkers at the edges and has some fun but there are parts of this film that are bizarrely perfunctory .
The trouble with director Marc Webb 's disappointing sequel is it wants to have it both ways : to take seriously human connection and loss and also spin the spectacular and pulpy ... Spider-Man 2 never locates that sweet spot .
The studios and the producers have to split the difference -- between excellence and adequacy , between darkness and light , between seriousness and fun . The Amazing Spider-Man 2 might have been split too far . It does n't taste like anything .
Garfield makes a terrific Spidey , and director Marc Webb guides him through the film 's elephantine structure with energy and good humor .
He might have enhanced abilities , but Spider-Man is , more than anything , human , and Garfield conveys the emotional vulnerabilities behind the mask in an impressive performance that never wilts amid the CGI spectacle .
Parker and Stone ... impart about as much chemistry as this film imparts credibility .
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 suffers from trying to cram too much fanfare into one pudgy film , which ca n't be saved by its overflowing surge of spectacular special effects .
You could set your watch to the action beats , except you 'd keep checking to see if your watch stopped , because the dialogue scenes between the explosions are so sluggishly paced .
This is what happens when you 're no longer making a movie , but building a cross-platform media franchise . It 's not a movie so much as a casualty of a mass-marketing campaign .
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is not interested in telling a new story , and -LRB- exists -RRB- to further develop a big-money franchise to fill the release schedule of many summers to come .
Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone return as Peter Parker and Gwen Stacey in this long - very long - two and a half hour long - did we mention its long ? - sequel . They did n't quite use their spidey-sense in the cutting room .
Despite layers of borrowed source material , retread inspiration and Tobey Mcguire 's red and blue voodoo doll , The Amazing Spiderman 2 manages to deliver a mostly fresh and enjoyable - if not quickly forgettable - superhero flick .
The Insufferable Spider-Man .
It 's official , I think I hate every Spider-Man movie , except Spider-Man 2 . Can we please have ONE Spider-Man film that does n't have The Green Goblin ? A decent , but shallow , by the numbers corporate blockbuster that does n't bring anything new to the table .
I think I 'll pass on The Amazing Spider-Man 3 .
A problem of tone , it moves from emotion to emotion carelessly . And it is impossible to suspend disbelief when absolutely everything is visibly branded with the Sony logo .
Aces the emotional stuff , but muffs the CGI spectacle designed to suck up bucks at the worldwide omniplex .
It stubbornly adheres to old-school comic conventions and can sometimes feel like an episode of the cheesy '60s Batman TV series . This may drive some audiences batty , but as classical tribute , the throwback strategy is quite charming .
Garfield is great as Peter Parker .
`` Spider-Man '' seems to exist only because the studio would otherwise lose the option to make more . Maybe the latter would n't be the worst thing in the comics world .
Dispenses with the same-old origin story and lodges itself in classic superhero movie terrain .
Overstuffed plot and too many villains , but the visual effects pop , and Garfield/Stone are still better than Maguire/Dunst .
Not just the best Spider-Man movie , but also one of the best pure comic book movies we 've seen so far .
When the screenplay focuses on its villains , it strays from its own reality and gets lazy , something not even Jamie Foxx 's best efforts can overcome .
The not so amazing The Amazing Spider-Man 2 was enough fun when it was fun to recommend .
Its web is half-spun and all you 're gon na be left with at the end is an empty box of popcorn and the filmmaker 's sad sense of tired complacency ...
The successes of The Amazing Spider-Man 2 are human , the failures are typical of superhero CGI adaptations . In a world where the incredible is routine , the `` amazing '' is mundane .
The new Spider-Man series has managed to do in two films what the previous Spider-Man series did in three : transform an engrossing comic-book coming-of-age epic into an overstuffed and off-putting battle royale .
The first sequel in this prematurely rebooted franchise is freed from the shackles of the origin story but still exists in the shadow of the Raimi movies .
At just under two and a half hours , `` The Amazing Spider-Man 2 '' is n't just a raucous good time ; it 's several of them , pitched to as many different audiences , constantly at war with one another .
Succeeds in being a largely well-produced comic-book movie extravaganza , but its weighty baggage may leave audiences wishing it had traveled light .
If there 's something in this movie that needs saving , it 's the film itself . And that 's an order above even The Amazing Spider-Man .
When Garfield conceals Peter 's confused-angry - betrayed scowl beneath that shiny red mask , Spider-Man 2 summons the giddy derring-do of the best Iron Man offerings . It 's a good movie that could have been great .
The movie feels not only calculated but tired .
Fans who made the first movie such a huge success will doubtless find much to enjoy here , while others will long for the boldness , scope and wit of The Avengers .
Even though the ride is bumpy , the final destination is more than worth the effort .
This Spider-Man does n't end up amazing , but it still weaves enough of an action film web to please rabid readers of the comics and those who are n't as mad about the books .
The whole thing is starting to feel like a Ponzi scheme . ` Come see the latest adventure ! Do n't worry if it 's not great - the next one 'll dazzle you ! ' But that 's what you said last time !
Andrew Garfield , returning as Peter Parker , remains ingratiatingly jittery . You can believe that this kid , never at rest , could instantly transform himself into Spider-Man . He matches up well with Emma Stone 's Gwen Stacy .
Watching The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is like the buffet at Golden Corral . There 's a lot of choices , you over stuff your plate , and in the end , you ate too much . But you still feel like you got your money 's worth .
The movie ends up treating its source material with a certain amount of contempt , in ways large and small .
The problem is n't the myriad plot threads . It 's that there 's no clear through line that unites them ...
The fifth Spider-Man film in 12 years is one weak superhero entry .
It 's worse than BATMAN FOREVER but slightly better than BATMAN & ROBIN .
Well-acted and executed , The Amazing Spider-Man 2 does little wrong besides exist .
The Spider-Man movie fans have been waiting for , and the best Spidey movie we have seen to date .
By the end of The Amazing Spider-Man 2 , you will be thoroughly entertained . You will also be thoroughly exhausted .
Does n't really deserve the titular adjective , but while it does n't match the second movie in Raimi 's threesome , it 's slightly better than Webb 's first .
Mostly lightweight , but the most interesting part of the movie is Jamie Foxx as Electro . This villain embodies black rage , more Malcolm X than mutant .
How bad is this one ... ? Amazingly so . Villainy abounds , but the villains are strident contrivances . Spider-Man flies , but does so dutifully , without joy .
One must go back to the Joel Schumacher `` Batman '' fiascos to find a director more disconnected from his superhero source material .
Every personal crisis seems to serve the action , and the drama is bloated and blunted because of it .
An intoxicatingly kinetic sequel that scores high marks for action and characterization , but stumbles in its attempt to give high-voltage villain Electro a spark of motivation .
I liked the non superhero moments better than the action bits , even if the special effects crew went to extra measures to make the swinging through the city scenes look like Tarzan on steroids . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
For all the things that the film gets wrong , it does just enough right to keep you entertained , even if it fails to capitalize on the promise of its predecessor .
A notch behind the first reboot , but it will sate the fans ' hunger , especially setting up bigger and better things for the next installment .
Amazing is a word so overused it no longer has any impact , which makes it the perfect adjective for this second installment of the second franchise based on the Marvel Comics superhero .
`` The Amazing Spider-Man 2 '' is easy to watch but hard to pin down , like a creature with eight legs going in different directions .
An unforgivably long assemblage that never coalesces into a compelling story .
It 's difficult to pinpoint exactly what 's wrong with The Amazing Spider-Man 2 . There just seems to be too much of it .
For every small grace moment , with Garfield or Stone making doe eyes or Spider-Man reminding you he 's the hero of the people , there are too many scenes of characters explaining the action or dwelling on the past .
Thrilling action and well-drawn characters make for a very satisfying adventure .
The only truly amazing things in this hyper , bloated re-dux are the actors , whom director Marc Webb lets fly with some remarkably poignant stuff in between all the surrounding noise .
There is still Spider-Man 's personal turmoil , crises of romance and loyalty , that Webb occasionally holds a few beats too long . Yet the performances ring true , with arresting chemistry where it counts .
Marc Webb returns childlike pleasure to the superhero genre in general , and to your friendly neighborhood web-slinger specifically .
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is not a new approach to the same old formula : no , it is basically a remake of other recent and derivative films .
This latest blockbuster assault wins us over , or wears us down , by dint of fine actors who are clearly enjoying themselves , in a film that thankfully does n't take itself too seriously .
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 , the fifth Spidey movie in 12 years , is overlong , underwhelming , unnecessary and sure to be a hot ticket .
Amazing ? Hardly . The second film in Sony Pictures ' second Spider-Man series is OK-ish .
The good outweighs the bad , but this is a frustratingly inconsistent sequel . The white-hot chemistry between Stone and Garfield saves the day , and the visuals are often striking .
So much better than its predecessor that I 've gone from being merely disappointed with the 2012 reboot to being downright angry about it .
The small moments , the physical comedy , Spidey 's constant wisecracking ; these things are all charming , but they 're counterbalanced by stock summer blockbuster elements that Webb never seems interested in .
Director Marc Webb 's follow-up to his entirely adequate `` The Amazing Spider-Man '' from 2012 feels even more like it 's just been unloaded from the assembly line .
Takes the simple story of down-to-earth hero Peter Parker and overstuffs it to Rhino-sized levels .
Returning director Mark Webb ... has gotten better at finding a coherent , enjoyable tone , and one that 's not a mirror of the deceptively light one rocked by Sam Raimi in his superior , only decade old trilogy .
Less coherent and more generic than its predecessor , this superhero sequel is an obvious misstep in the franchise .
There are obvious things that do n't work about it , but Spidey 2 is rare for wanting to tackle race , gender , father issues , the shrinking middle-class , and education at all .
A mediocre follow-up to the mediocre original , with the production 's speed to explore spin-off possibilities damaging the dramatic potential of The Amazing Spider-Man 2 .
Until a late , lamentably foolish turn , balances blockbuster bombast with human-scale drama , child-friendly comedy and gushers of tears .
Deserves placement amongst some of the worst comic book films to date -LRB- Marvel , DC or otherwise -RRB- and is the kind of travesty that should draw the wrath of its most fervent fans and kill the prospects for further entries into the franchise .
You 're Spider-Man , not Dawson Leery .
The bond between Spidey and the fearful and fleeing masses , which should be emotional and strong , has lost its personal touch .
Even at a hefty 142 minutes , The Amazing Spider-Man 2 has n't the time for its surfeit of plot , nor for the sprawling ensemble of supporting characters caught in the sticky web Webb weaves .
This reboot-sequel with not all that much reason to exist turns out to be about half of a pretty good movie , and generally entertaining throughout .
At times the movie takes on a light , nearly silly attitude ; at others , it 's all heavy mystery or life and death ; and then when the action scenes hit , it 's mainly the equivalent of visual screeching .
Garfield is mumbly and gangly as Peter , and unrecognizable as Spider-Man , suited-up head to toe with the dome-like corneas that allow neither glint nor gleam of the actor 's eyes .
Pretty enjoyable , almost entirely due to the enchanting chemistry between Andrew Garfield 's Peter Parker/Spider-Man and Emma Stone 's Gwen Stacy .
Manages to be just as forgettable as its predecessor , with a poorly paced story built around two lackluster villains and an underserved central love story .
When you balance all the pros and cons , The Amazing Spider-Man 2 does n't really end up being any better or any worse than the previous film . It does end up being a bit of a disappointment though .
A lavish big-screen spectacle to be proud of , an entry in the Marvel canon that comes thrillingly close to matching the spirit and sentiment found in Raimi 's original trilogy .
Those big , swoopy , vertiginous swings through the skyscrapers and terrific performances by Garfield and Stone make this a great way to start the summer movie season .
An undercooked cinematic casserole that blends some genuinely touching moments and well-presented action sequences with bad melodrama , overlong exposition , and overexposed CGI .
While an improvement over its 2012 predecessor , director Marc Webb 's follow-up is ... camp without conviction ; a Batman & Robin-style scenery chewer in a Batman Begins era .
It is not a sequel , just another retread of tired material in a franchise that is more than ready for the big comic book bonfire . And why the title ? There is nothing amazing about it .
Aerial sequences are often thrilling . However , interpersonal relations are front and center in this installment .
A forgettable , tedious blockbuster .
Marc Webb 's chronologically overweight The Amazing Spider-Man 2 retreads Sam Raimi 's arachnid trilogy from a decade ago without adding much new .
I 'm still not convinced we needed a new Spider-Man series , but at least this installment is interestingly mediocre instead of actively bad .
Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone remain a highly appealing screen couple , but this frenetic superhero sequel may be a case of one -LRB- or two -RRB- too many villains .
The action sequences were thought out , anyway.Director Marc Webb was likely hoping for something as off the cuff as the banter between Tony and Pepper in the Iron Man films for the film 's romance . It does n't work . When Peter is n't blocked , he 's babbling .
It 's a Marvel spectacle that manages to deftly balance razzle-dazzle , feel-it-in-your-gut slingshot moments of flight and believable human relationships . There 's psychological weight to go with all of the gravity-defying , webslinging weightlessness .
If it was n't for the appealing chemistry between Garfield and Stone , both of Sony 's shareholder-approved slabs of Spider-Product would feel more disposable than they already do .
It feels like somebody 's dopey idea of what comic books are , without actually reading them .
It all makes for a rather busy sequel -LRB- having four writers will do that to a plot -RRB- , but kudos to returning -LRB- and perfectly named -RRB- director Marc Webb , who keeps the plot from getting stuck in its own gluey traps .
There are too many explosions , too many blaring sonic effects , too many break-ups-and-make-ups , too many villains . And not enough heart .
The web of intrigue , action , romance and mystery continues to weave another entertaining episode about our friendly neighborhood hero in ` The Amazing Spider-Man 2 . '
For almost two hours , The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is thrilling as it crashes through its action sequences and then humanizes its key characters in the interludes .
Folks , I confess : I 'm coping with a mild case of arachno-apatha-phobia , defined as the fear of another so-so `` Spider-Man '' sequel .
Frantic and rote by turns , mislaying the power of the central love story and piling on the mutant adversaries . For at least this installment , Spider-Man is Amazing no more .
A throw-everything-at-the-wall movie , in hopes that something - the romance , the action , a villain maybe ? - might stick .
In Amazing Spider-Man 2 , Marc Webb offers an exceedingly enjoyable superhero sequel that benefits both from an appealing lead actor and a daring sense of storytelling .
Overstuffed , exhaustingly elaborate and just not that much fun ... More is definitely less in this piece of Hollywood product .
On the Marvel scale of recent films , this falls short of Captain America : Winter Soldier but was a lot less embarrassing than Thor : The Dark World .
You sense a struggle playing out on the screen , as the movie tries too hard to please comic book fans , to one-up the action of the first film and to advance the story .
Mesmo que ainda empalideça diante de O Homem-Aranha 2 , esta continuação é indiscutivelmente melhor que os três outros longas protagonizados por Peter Parker .
When it comes to creating chemistry on screen , Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone do n't need any help from those whizzes in CGI department .
It looks like a welcome return to the fun and games of the franchise , but in reality there 's a good chance we 're going to look back and say that this was where all the problems started .
Even apart from the two leads , the acting is notably good , which means that director Marc Webb deserves praise .
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 -LSB- is -RSB- inclined to stick to the straight and narrow , like it 's angling for a spot on Sony 's Employee Of The Month plaque . -LSB- ... -RSB- It 's as conservative as moviemaking gets .
It 's disappointing that it never feels like anyone involved with this sequel has learned anything about what did n't work in previous Spider-Man movies .
A tonal mess that suggests the filmmakers were never quite sure exactly what they wanted from the movie .
Competent . Nothing more .
Noisy action and a jumbled plot make this Spidey flick a tangled web , but Stone and DeHaan are appealing .
Writers Alex Kurtzman and Robert Orci , along with Jeff Pinkner , have built something very familiar , even conventional , and that approach pushes the things that work to the foreground even as it makes a case for the limitations of the entire genre .
Aside from the sparkling Garfield and Stone , Webb 's movies benefit from a fine eye for casting . Here , Foxx does a good stammering , thwarted nerd before transforming into the raging villain .
Garfield is a sensitive actor who brings a quirky blend of intelligence and goofiness to Peter Parker ... As for Stone , she 's just so darned charming .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Even the nerdiest members of that long-dead-gone cultural movement known as fanboys will admit that rebooting Sam Raimi 's `` Spider-Man '' is/was a mistake .
Andrew Garfield is having the time of his life . His Peter Parker loves being Spider-Man , and the feeling is infectious .
The narrative does n't want for ambition , but Marc Webb proves unwilling , or incapable , of making this unwieldy story feel like anything but a deluge of backstory .
Every time someone gets into spandex , the movie gets in trouble . The action sequences that typically let other Marvel movies to soar drag this one down to earth .
The project as a whole conveys a drab sense of bureaucratic necessity , a `` let 's get this over with '' wheeziness .
Andrew Garfield is possibly the best actor to ever star in any Marvel Comics-based flick .
Marc Webb 's Amazing Spider-Man films are quite unlike any of the major box office comic efforts so far .
Spider-Man is back , bigger and slightly better - but only slightly , and with too much emphasis on `` bigger , '' in the form of hollow , boring franchise screenwriting cliches .
Guts , charisma and inventiveness . That 's what The Amazing Spider-Man 2 does better than other superhero movies .
Never a disaster but only fitfully inspired , The Amazing Spider-Man 2 does n't quite end well , but it does end promisingly , with hints of a huge supervillain team-up to come .
There 's an incredible 40 minute 3D Imax sizzle reel hidden somewhere within this two-hour-plus misfire .
It manages to be both awful and entertaining , frequently at the same time .
All I heard was the sound of paychecks being cashed by everyone going through the motions for this perfunctory sequel . It 's as much computer program as movie .
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is by no means unenjoyable ; it 's just all kinds of stupid . The best approach : do n't think too hard about it all .
It 's experiential . It has mild tension , a couple of laughs , a lot of flying through the air with the greatest of ease and a lot of material damage .
As with the too-early franchise reboot in 2012 , this sequel struggles to balance the demands of a teen romance with a superhero blockbuster .
-LSB- Raimi 's Spider-Man 2 is -RSB- among the best superhero films ever made . Marc Webb 's The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is ... not . Come year 's end , it 'll struggle to even rank among the top three superhero films of 2014 .
A satisfying follow-up to a film that cannily balanced its thrills-and-spills with teen angst , down-to-earth dramatic beats , and relatable family relationships .
The chemistry between Garfield and Stone remains good -- they are both great pieces of casting . But with so many strands , this 140 plus-minute film takes a bit too long to get going .
Andrew Garfield seems more comfortable in the role than he did first time out , and a late plot twist suggests his character is bound for darker waters in the two sequels Sony have already committed to .
This new release is business as usual - more comic comfort blanket than novelty surprise .
It 's a very good follow-up in what is probably the best cinematic version of the web head to date .
It feels like a variation on the last series rather than any sort of proper reinvention .
Dull villainy almost defeats a rather lovely romantic comedy .
Does anyone need these films , apart from the most addicted comics obsessives , and Stan Lee 's financial advisers ?
Strong characters portrayed by talented actors are unfairly overshadowed by Webb 's indecisive direction , with Webb not sure if he wants to make a superhero action/drama or a 142 minute cartoon .
Despite some risible moments -LRB- often involving computers -RRB- , this is overall a fresh and funny addition to the Marvel canon .
The amazing 3D mayhem wreaked by Electro in New York 's Times Square is worth the price of admission alone .
For all its attractive elements , The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is hoary , unconvincing fare . The cobwebs are beginning to show .
A fun , if undemanding sequel , that just about gets away with its shortcomings .
Suffers badly by comparison with the cogent , witty Avengers flicks . This feels like a campy Saturday-morning cartoon left over from the 1970s .
I 'm extremely pleased to say that there may be hope for our friendly , neighbourhood spandex wearing New Yorker .
Its screenplay may clunk , and its logic may be questionable even by the standards of comic book movies , but The Amazing Spider-Man 2 remains a rather fun bit of cinematic overkill .
The narrative drifts , and those extravagant effects , paradoxically , make the film eminently forgettable , or at least indistinguishable from every other CGI-heavy assault on our senses .
Garfield carries a massive Hollywood blockbuster on his shoulders and makes it look like the simplest thing in the world .
Director Marc Webb handles the multiple storylines and characters with aplomb and the action is vibrant , stylish and often funny .
Garfield is impressively lithe in the suit , plausibly vulnerable out of it , and it 's hard to imagine a better Spidey .
We 're pushed by a heavy hand to the film 's conclusion . What happens ? ... There 's slow motion . Copious computer effects . Even more slow motion . Cogs and distractions . And then ... well , the comics did this simpler and better in the Seventies .
High-energy entertainment ; Andrew Garfield 's Peter Parker has rangy charm and there is a genuine romantic spark between him and Emma Stone , as sharp as ever playing Gwen Stacy .
You friendly neighbourhood web-slinger returns for more of the same , albeit with added confusion and much less charm .
A thrilling , emotional film with baby fat sticking out of its spandex .
Watching a computer generated Spider-Man fly across the screen in slow-mo , then fast-mo , then slow-mo ... it just does n't generate a lot of excitement .
Such a massive improvement over its predecessor that it may cause whiplash
Tries hard to justify its presence , but with far too much angst and not enough to invest in , it fails .
Amazing in places , overcooked at others , Marc Webb 's sequel to The Amazing Spider-Man is a generally crowd-pleasing affair that thrives on the ability of leading man Andrew Garfield .
More than any other franchise , this looks and sounds like a comic-book brought to life .
This new Spidey is a bit dull .
The chaotic story does n't have much juice or spirit ...
The fact that he 's indestructible works against the normal dramatic tension of the hero 's journey . Whether consciously or not , the screenplay compensates for this by putting the hero at risk of something else : a broken heart
As a comic book visual spectacle , this sequel excels -LRB- but -RRB- ... so intent are the filmmakers to dazzle with the extraordinary stunts and visuals that -LRB- beyond its excessive length -RRB- the film fails on one major score - the emotional
Even with the motivational issues , and slightly odd pacing of the Parker/Stacey relationship , it 's still the second best Spider-Man 2 ever made .
Garfield has now made the role his own and new technology enables us to follow Spidey swinging through the streets of New York like never before .
There 's a lot of emotional to-and-froing between the characters that slows the pace , although the ongoing tussle with Electro supplies a much needed jolt whenever required .
Like a big tin of Quality Street , it 's so packed with little treats that you 're bound to find something you like , even if you do have to sift through the coconut eclairs .
Garfield remains a raw and lively alternative to the era of a sleepy Tobey Maguire . But is his baggy , disjointed , action-stuffed movie amazing ? Not quite .
A few too-broad gags aside - and even these are in the funky spirit of '60s Marvel - this is a satisfying second issue with thrills , heartbreak , gasps , and a perfectly judged slingshot ending .
Director Mark Webb crafts some solid action scenes but the only truly `` amazing '' thing about Part 2 is the villain . Somehow , he has come up with a nemesis even less interesting than his last one .
The decision to rebalance the origin story might have added some new intrigue for a new Spider-Man , but was it really worth the cost to Uncle Ben , who figuratively and literally ends up being boxed away entirely ?
Garfield and his co-stars contribute detailed , attentive work that just happens to be mounted on the canvas of a noisy , sprawling superhero film .
Ultimately , due to strong performances by Garfield , Stone , and DeHann , and some great action and sincere moments , Spider-Man is strong enough to survive . Just .
This is an energetic and thoroughly enjoyable sequel that continues to justify Sony 's decision to reboot the franchise in the first place .
The stars lack sparkle , the story is rote and workmanlike and the action unexciting .
Bright , punchy and earnest , Webb 's affable sequel is tough to dislike despite its tonal whiplash and clumsy script , which is redeemed by Garfield , Stone and DeHaan 's powerhouse trio .
The plot gets itself tangled up in multiple villain strands , but in the main this installment is emotionally weightier and more satisfying than its predecessor .
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 seems to know exactly what it 's doing . Webb 's film is bold and bright and possesses charm in abundance . It swings into the future and carries the audience with it .
Redundancy remains a problem , but this overlong superhero sequel gets by on sound , fury and star chemistry .
-LSB- It -RSB- does n't just double down on what did n't work in the first film , it manages to undo some of the good qualities of the original as well . The result is a film that kicks off the summer blockbuster season with a resounding thud .
-LSB- Garfield -RSB- could hardly do better than Emma Stone as his dream soulmate - she 's button-cute and smart enough to steal his heart . They light the film up with a sparkle and sadness it could n't live without .
An enjoyable - if rather unwieldy at times - adventure romp .
Amazing Spider-Man 2 seems more like an exercise in calculated franchise architecture than its does a cohesive stand-alone blockbuster .
Inherently good fun and a more than worthy trip to the cinema !

@highlight

While the cast is outstanding and the special effects are top-notch , the latest installment of the Spidey saga suffers from an unfocused narrative and an overabundance of characters .