Collaborators always talk about how hard Cruise works to nail the moment or perfect that fight scene . But where 's the vulnerability ? Where 's the heart ? It 's time for the superstar to get human again
If you can forget the story , and focus on the action and the leads , however , you may still have a good time . Good luck !
To cut to the chase , this crime thriller mostly works for its engaging plot and edge-of-the-seat action instead of its star power .
The cracks show up in the not-so-young smile ...
Ignoring the sensible advice contained in the title , the Top Gun star returns for a second time to the character created by thriller-writer Lee Child , and delivers a film that , if anything , is even more underwhelming than the first , four years ago .
But it is a good movie , timing aside , and if the sequel had doubled-down on the quirky casting and morally conflicted plot , the Reacher franchise could be onto something .
While the first Reacher movie had its moments -LRB- how can you hate a movie that casts Werner Herzog as the bad guy ? -RRB- this one is substantially duller .
The chemistry between -LSB- Tom -RSB- Cruise and -LSB- Colbie -RSB- Smulders is indeed smouldering . They should be paired together on screen more often .
For a weekend night away , however , do n't overthink it .
In Jack Reacher : Never ! Go ! Back ! , Reacher goes back . The only people who regret it are the bad guys .
Do we really need another franchise with a tall-ish , `` 42 '' - year-old vigilante drifter cracking heads ? Probably not .
Boring , drab , and completely lacking in any of the fun , silliness , and excitement inherent in a Mission : Impossible movie .
Reacher 's near-hokey intensity is matched by the movie 's near-laughable instantaneity .
Despite shoehorning into the narrative a shoplifting teenager -LRB- Danika Yarosh -RRB- who may or may not be our anti-hero 's daughter , there is little attempt at development of characters or emotional relationships .
The film represented an important opportunity to give more strength to the prequel that had been a surprise , but ends up wasting it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The main problem of this film is that the base material is so ridiculous and unconvincing . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that neither annoys nor amuses , and that seems billed by a mathematical algorithm . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Anytime it tries to be more than a vehicle for Tom Cruise to flash his charisma and say tough guy things , it grinds to a halt .
Jack Reacher : Never Go Back is what one gets when the people who make make movies for a living care nothing about the material .
We urge the producers to allude to the title of the film , so they avoid bringing back to the big screen this character that neither Tom Cruise is able to save . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Predictable , but effective adrenaline cocktail . The premise has been seen on an endless number of times , but is still capable of fully entertain . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This sequel to the bare-fisted 2012 action film that featured Tom Cruise as a lone , lean force of American nature corrects several failings from the original Jack Reacher . The problem is it also loses some of the original 's better qualities .
An entertaining film that finds its great gain is in the chemistry of its cast . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As a character , Jack Reacher may champion a stripped-back and single-minded approach , but that does n't flatter the no-frills movie made in his image .
an old-school , red-blooded action vehicle with a little bit of sentimentality mixed in for good measure
An action film that wants to make a big deal out of the fact that it has two female protagonists , resulting in a very worn and obvious feminist discourse . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This sequel has some thing in its favor , but is mostly somewhat mediocre to recommend it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With such a cliched cipher at the center of these films , perhaps it 's inevitable the movies struggle to develop a personality as well .
It meets expectations where its predecessor significantly exceeded them .
... an underwhelming followup that could -LRB- and should -RRB- have been so much better .
An almost rhythmic foray of kicks , punches and gunfire provides soundtrack to an action thriller that while hardly original , is delightfully old school cool in its approach to anti-heroes vs baddies .
The tired plot takes us through the senseless gibberish of the standard brainless action-thriller , resulting in yet another film in which Cruise 's mandate remains sacrosanct .
A conventional movie that does n't really have everything in its favor but it offers a more personal look of its hero . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film with a good articulation between dramatic elements and action , where Cruise and Smulders have an amazing chemistry . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The chemistry of its protagonists as comrades in arms is not enough to distract from the general banality of the film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The good thing about the first Jack Reacher was that he standed out from other Hollywood heroes . Everything in this film is very one-dimensional . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A decent product that entertains , but it is several steps behind from the first film and does n't leave you wanting to meet again with Cruise 's character . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A movie that results in a sub-Jason Bourne or , worse , a relentless sub-Taken . And , at this point , Tom does n't have to mimic Matt Damon or Liam Neeson . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The unsmiling , ungracious , completely unfunny Reacher does n't have a fraction of the personal charm of Ethan Hunt . But as one of a dying breed -- an action dude from the old school -- he deserves a measure of our understanding and sympathy ... kind of .
The first Jack Reacher in 2012 was more of a guilty pleasure , reveling in its own trashiness with macho one-liners and over-the-top performances . Never Go Back dials that back a bit and frankly , it 's less fun .
Jack Reacher : Never Go Back does n't feel quite as exciting . Perhaps it 's the inevitable letdown that comes with most sequels or perhaps it 's just not as good .
Zwick gets the job done , but it 's thankless work .
As clichéd as it often is , Never Look Back is a watchable sequel that ought to pass the time , if not linger strong in the memory .
The quality drop between Jack Reacher and Never Go Back might make it a worse sequel than Mission : Impossible II .
The movie does n't stand out at all though and what 's worse , has the feeling of a movie that feels it did n't have to .
There are noticeable holes in the plot , but the action is plentiful . Director Edward Zwick and writer Richard Wenk do a nice job with the pace of the film and keeping the tone light enough . It is an agreeable popcorn film .
Jack Reacher : Never Go Back is dispiritingly formulaic , retaining much of the first film 's swaggering masculinity , but none of its self-awareness .
Never Go Back 's family dynamic , borrowed from Terminator 2 - a surrogate partner and child for Cruise 's protector/killer , enable the vertically challenged star to spend the running time with symbols of his sexual prowess and virility .
A bland and generic action flick , not just forgettable after the fact , but during .
This sequel unintentionally offers some worthwhile advice in its title .
Jack Reacher should have been Cruise 's character until a -RRB- he decided he wants to move on , or b -RRB- Child 's next book had Reacher rescuing someone from the Church of Scientology .
Jack Reacher : Never Go Back is n't the worst movie of the year . But it might be the most unnecessary , for multiple reasons .
Essentially less of the same .
Never Go Back is neither original or subtle , but like its titular enforcer , it gets the job done .
Like a dull double-episode of NCIS .
A bland disappointment that bleaches nearly every colorful thing about the character .
Lacking momentum and a presence of an intimidating villain , Never Go Back does n't know what it wants to be .
A sequel titled ` Jack Reacher : Never Go Back ' does not return to the surprising stuff of the 2012 original , but Tom Cruise does in overtly preposterous fashion .
The plot is thin , a bit ridiculous , rather tenuous and silly . But the most unnerving thing is that it is a less than committed performance from Cruise . It 's odd .
Thanks to Tom Cruise and Ed Zwick , ` Jack Reacher ' does transcend the limitations of its genre and a by-the-numbers screenplay .
The movie approximates the boredom of life as a Tom Cruise stunt double .
Tom Cruise 's latest action spectacular is so dull that I found myself willing on the baddies .
Cruise is at peak starriness in Jack Reacher : Never Go Back , burning with charisma , purpose and old-school do n't - mess-with-the-hero machismo .
Admittedly , it 's also a touch flavour-free , but it applies itself to telling its story single-mindedly , with a minimum of digression and frills .
Jack Reacher may be cinema 's reigning street-fighting ascetic .
It 's a shame Popstar arrived in theaters first , because a better title for the dreary Jack Reacher : Never Go Back would have been Jack Reacher : Never Stop Never Stopping .
There is nothing new -- just the same high-octane chase scenes and overtly violent battles .
See `` Jack Reacher : Never Go Back '' for Cruise standing up to the bad guys , and for his always entertaining action sequences . But do n't expect to see anything you have n't seen before in this genre .
Cruise plays Reacher as a man driven as much by regret as by a moral code ; as a former high-ranking officer , he is perhaps plagued by guilt .
Content to play it by the numbers and rely on Cruise and his well known intensity to carry the movie through the obvious .
Where the first Reacher was a plodding mess -LRB- even Werner Herzog as the villain could n't save it -RRB- , this new one feels fresher and moves faster .
The understated ending is downright touching -- which is not something I ever thought I 'd say of a Cruise action sequel .
The film stalls out in moments of emotionally blasé treacle that feels inelegantly forced into the proceedings .
With Smulders and Yarosh on camera almost as much as Cruise , Never Go Back doubles the number of key women from the 2012 film . If only the story was as good .
Rushed in its storytelling and sloppy in its execution , the sequel is a rare misstep for the exacting producer/movie star and could spell the end for the nascent series .
As sequels go , this one gives us more of the same as the first , which , if you choose to watch it , is kind of what you want , is n't it ?
Never Go Back never met a cliché it did n't like .
Jack Reacher : Never Go Back sports a minimum of action bombast , but is still entertaining mainly due to the considerable charm of its leads
Jack Reacher : Never Go Back is a sequel that did n't need to happen . The twisty-turny plot is overly complicated and aggressively average .
When you have the chutzpah to call this re-entry Jack Reacher : Never Go Back , half the heavy lifting 's already done from those last three words .
While it might be comfortable to place Tom Cruise within a typical action setting , it also hinders the film by turning itself inadvertently into Mission Impossible on a smaller budget .
Delivers just enough excitement and suspense to ensure that Reacher will come back again .
This sign of a heart may serve as a distraction more than benefit for action fans looking to focus on Reacher 's more remarkable abilities .
Overall this is a slick action-adventure that has relevant reverberations from the American involvement in Afghanistan and Iraq , and touches on the complex nature of the war on terror .
Gone are most of the things that made Reacher such an enigmatic and fun character to watch in the original .
It could 've been and should 've been a lot better - it 's not terrible , it 's just not particularly good either .
It 's unusually tight and gritty , the kind of movie that does n't really need a massive Imax screen to convey its urgency .
Nothing quite gels in his portrayal of the rootless , apparently emotionless Reacher , possibly because there 's no real substance in the way it 's written . He rights wrongs . He trashes villains . Then he hitches a ride into the distance .
If you like your action well-choreographed , and a plot that 's relatively uncomplicated but not dumb , this is pretty much the film for you . There 's even some good roof-fighting , which is always a plus .
All concerned just look like they are going through the motions . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
For Cruise fans , the movie is a dress rehearsal for the next Mission : Impossible installment , while the rest can expect a timepasser with some bone-crunching action and chase sequences and a villain who more than earns his pay cheque .
Jack Reacher : Never Go Back does not offer enough high-octane action or clever mystery to stand out from the glut of so-so crime movies .
The new film is n't bad-it 's just that every major element is about 15 percent worse than that of the first movie . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
Jack Reacher is a movie that 's exclusively about how awesome Tom Cruise is ; there 's no reason for anyone else to try to shine .
The feel for the epic that once gave this director 's films a pop grandeur is also gone . He 's made a totally anonymous movie , devoid of personality or interest .
An actor who does n't seem to act as much as produce sexy moments for himself to inhabit on-screen , Cruise 's performance value is a function of the larger brand - sort of like Donald Trump , only with better hair , makeup and writers ...
Its joys are modest , but they 're well-earned and Zwick gives us a reliable rooting interest in the outcome .
The film has the empty sheen of a quick in-and-out cash grab , a movie insisting that it 's a franchise while the audience yawns indifferently .
Yet another lone samurai movie . Cruise doing strong and silent is a bit dull . Plot not exactly surprising .
Notable chiefly for director Edward Zwick 's utter failure to make New Orleans look any more enticing and atmospheric than , say , Omaha .
Violent Tom Cruise sequel has a high body count .
... to even conceive of Tom Cruise playing Jack Reacher is as incongruous as Marilyn Monroe playing Abraham Lincoln ... but if you have n't read the books this is an OK actioner . If you have read the books , watching Cruise comes close to ruining it .
-LSB- The franchise struggles -RSB- to balance its heroes and villains ; even Knepper , a character actor known for playing bad men , fails to make an impression , not unlike Werner Herzog 's turn as the main bad guy in the first Jack Reacher .
Reacher has no personality . He has no interests . He has no one-liners that land . He is , frankly , just a handsome , dull guy who happens to be adept at knocking people out .
Basically this is still just Cruise beating people up for two hours , which as it turns out is n't such a bad thing .
It may not have the shoulders to carry the expectations of a summer blockbuster , but it 's a solid action option as a break from the Halloween frights and based-on-a-true-story dramas that will be filling screens until the holiday season kicks in .
I 'm a fan of Tom Cruise . I liked the first Jack Reacher movie . But this one has to be , in my opinion , one of Cruise 's worst movies .
Star power and airport-novel craftsmanship can still deliver some old-fashioned goods .
There 's not that much to get excited about here as this is essentially a CBS Sunday Night Movie featuring one of the biggest stars on the planet .
Wedge matchsticks in your eye sockets . Stock up on the strongest coffee . Cinema 's most boring homeless person has just got off the bus for a second time .
... Plays like a page-turner , slowing down only briefly before momentum demands more action .
Formulaic ? Sure , but Cruise is always fun to watch , and there are nice little nods to the star 's 50 + status : When he winces on rising from the occasional bed or chair , it 's the clear aftermath of one too many dark-alley dustups .
A shockingly lumpy , lobotomized thriller , which often resembles a television pilot rather than a major movie .
Jack Reacher serves up action movie feminism without the pearl-clutching asides .
Cruise wanders through `` Never Go Back '' like a man in search of a better movie .
`` Never Go Back '' feels like a sequel done on the cheap , clumsily adapted and indifferently executed .
While there are things to like here , mostly related to a solid turn by co-star Cobie Smulders , it is hard to shake the B-movie underpinnings and televisual elements .
The Jack Reacher novels are eminently entertaining . If literary snobbery has kept you from picking one up , stop it already . The books ' joyous mayhem transcends guilty pleasure .
It would be a refreshing departure from the more bombastic set pieces of modern Hollywood if it were n't all so lazily executed .
It hums along , but it 's standard issue action stuff , and the first `` Jack Reacher '' taught us to expect more than that .
Tom Cruise still runs very fast and looks good with his shirt off .
A far inferior sequel , one saddled with bland villains and a meandering plot that tries , and fails , to get us to care about Reacher 's personal life .
... a conventional action film with some unconventional ideas and the star power of Tom Cruise .
No Tom Cruises were harmed in the making of this film .
A shoddy , cheap-looking affair . This thing could pass for a sweeps-week episode of NCIS .
Did anyone suspect the underwear dancing guy in Risky Business in 1983 would end up an action hero ? No . Some of us still do n't think he 's much of one . Jack Reacher is proof .
We have suave James Bond , brooding Batman and zingy one-liner machines such as the Marvel superheroes . Amid all that it is hard for Cruise 's bland Reacher to make much of an impact .
With Cruise in control and Zwick rarely taking his foot off the accelerator , this is tosh of a very high calibre .
Cruise still passes muster as an action-film leading man . He has the looks , the energy , the charisma and can fire a deadpan witticism as ably as he fires a semi-automatic .
Never Go Back is as satisfactory yet forgettable as its predecessor .
Jack Reacher has returned . Did you really miss him ? It does n't really matter .
One for diehard fans of Lee Child 's books and Tom Cruise in action man mode .
Taken as a piece of consumer advice , it prompts the retroactive complaint that its predecessor lacked one . Do n't Even Start ?
Look , a Jack Reacher movie does n't have to be great , but it does have to be better than other vigilante flicks like , say , John Wick or Blood Father . This one is n't .
What has started as a pared-down and brutal thriller turns into a family melodrama .
Jack Reacher : Never Go Back is a jumble of overhyped action scenes , trite dialogue , painfully bad `` character development '' , and awful writing .
`` Jack Reacher : Never Go Back '' is the second movie that Tom Cruise has starred in as this title character . Let 's hope it 's the last .
While the fabled boyishness of Mr. Cruise is a vanished commodity , there has n't been as radiant an aura of self-importance surrounding an action movie since the heyday of Steven Seagal .
Yes , Never Go Back is a bad title but may prove good advice .
Never Go Back is deeply mediocre , as rote and indistinct as most of the action flicks that 've marked Liam Neeson 's late-career lull .
While fans of the books should be satisfied , it may only serve as mild entertainment to general movie audiences .
Jack Reacher : Never Go Back attempts to find new layers to this character , but maybe they 're simply not there .
Tom Cruise does what Tom Cruise does best ... he races cars , delivers bone-crunching punches , leaps from roofs , busts government conspiracies , breaks out of prison , predicts when phones will mysteriously ring and grinds his manly jaw .
This Reacher outing has its imperfections and its obstacles to overcome , but the strength of the character and the briskness of the action make it acceptable if you are in the mood .
Up for some brainless fun ?
It has such a familiar ring that you might feel you 're watching another prosaic episode of the long-running ` NCIS ' franchise .
There 's a point in every Reacher book ... where the case seems unsolvable . This film never finds that point -- and worse , you 'll be screaming the answer at Reacher through a key third-act scene while he thinks furiously .
There 's enough in here to recommend a viewing if you 're after a relatively old-fashioned thriller ; it just wo n't stick with you for too long .
There 's not much fun to be had , and even less excitement . Mercifully , if feels like Jack Reacher has reached the end of the line .
The first one was a dud . This one 's worse .
Sure , he 's eventually going to punch out and/or kill whoever dares cross him . But does he have to be so darned grumpy about it ?
Cruise gives his all to a cardboard cutout action figure , making this sequel an enjoyable popcorn flick .
It 's not the best action thriller you 'll see all year but I like these Cruise Reacher movies a whole lot more than the much gaudier and stunt-filled Mission Impossible things . If you must know .
Action movies do n't have to be believable or poignant . They just have to get your adrenaline pumping . But the movie lacks inspiration in that department , too ...
A well-executed but stubbornly formulaic crime thriller that telegraphs most of its major surprises long before they ever happen .
The pairing of Cruise and Smulders is a good one . In a way that 's both satisfying and compelling , they seem evenly matched .
While it does n't tear up the envelope of the action genre or stray far from the familiar template of mysteries , `` Jack Reacher : Never Go Back '' is agreeable middle-of-the-road entertainment .
As crime thrillers go , it 's an inferior product with a predictable plot . It succeeds because of its memorable characters and their shifting relationships . There 's some nice action and offbeat humor .
Reassurance and confidence are the main tools in Reacher 's arsenal , but the director Edward Zwick does n't seem to have spotted that endless reiterations of a character 's prowess can be fatal to suspense .
With Zwick spending so much screentime on a fumbling family dynamic , `` Jack Reacher : Never Go Back '' bumbles along with fits of bickering and uninspired fight scenes .
The first `` Jack Reacher '' was a pretty good franchise starter for Cruise , so what 's gone so wrong with its sequel ? The film feels like a cheap knockoff rather than a successor .
Every aspect of this 118-minute movie is predictable . It feels like the script was written by a computer that had been fed a dozen other action-film scenarios , and it resulted in a film made of cobbled bits and pieces from each .
The movie grows less interesting as it goes along , at times seeming like a big-budget version of an '80s TV show , but never does it veer into silliness .
These movies were written to be franchised , and as such , they do n't disappoint .
Never Go Back is boilerplate action-thriller , filmed with an anonymous style and scripted so that characters talk in catchphrases . It clears the bar of competency , but what kind of recommendation is that ?
` Never Go Back ' adds an insufferable smart-ass teenager and traps Reacher and Turner in a lazy thriller that does n't have the fun twists and turns of the first movie .
The worst movie Tom Cruise has ever made . Sadder still : He knows it .
Critics were snotty in 2012 when Cruise first played Reacher , because the 5 ' 7 '' actor is not the six-five , 250-pound bruiser of Lee Child 's novels . Get over it . The admirably defiant star brings his own agility and quick wit to the role .
The action scenes are uniformly confident ... but there 's a relationship Jack Reacher has in the film that shows a side of Cruise we have n't seen in a long time .
I like Cruise . But he 's just going through the motions here .
Gritty and suspenseful - filled with intense action .
Violent , vigorous and ... cute ?
Competent but routine suspense .
Overall , a superior sequel .
Even the casting consists entirely of clichés : the chief conspirator with the sneeringly smug grin , a belly-thrusting small-town sheriff who smells of corruption , the lean and wolflike gunman known as The Hunter .
Some franchises are born ; some are made ; others thrust themselves upon the public .
Almost parodically generic , starting with its absurd title .
Cruise fully commits to the character , portraying Reacher as a man of few words and even fewer smiles .
This might just be the first instance of an actor being miscast in his own sequel .
So generic that it 's hard to imagine anything about it having come from a clear artistic vision , let alone a series of 20-plus novels with a devoted fan base .
Why has n't -LSB- Tom Cruise -RSB- palmed this off to Jeremy Renner already ? Jack Reacher : Never Go Back is so far beneath him , it 's basically five-foot-five .
Despite the promise of its predecessor , Jack Reacher : Never Go Back ca n't quite muster up the kind of enthusiasm it needs to sell a patently ridiculous character like Reacher .
After such a ham-fisted , disingenuous effort as Jack Reacher : Never Go Back , this potentially promising action franchise has taken one right between the eyes .
Explosions , guns and oh yeah , Cobie Smulders in a bra .
Tom Cruise rules in this immensely entertaining action thriller that smartly does n't try to be anything other than what it is , and that 's a very good thing for movie fans .
Here it is : the sequel no one asked for to the movie that no one quite remembers .
This movie is plain-flavored ice cream -LRB- not vanilla , mind you - plain -RRB- .
Lacking in suspense and devoid of the kind of thrills we have come to expect from a big budget Tom Cruise action thriller , this sequel is a sorry disappointment , despite no shortage of showy action scenes and heavy-duty firepower
There is nothing terrible about this film , yet it fails everyone involved with it . That 's the kind of magic trick that you do n't want to see .
It almost seems as if Cruise is slumming in this one .
The character is an ideal vessel for Cruise 's gifts as a movie star . Even if he does n't quite fit the physical description Child imagined in writing , Cruise takes Reacher and shapes him into one of his iconic characters .
Second try at Lee Child 's iconic tough guy is a middling adventure with Tom Cruise on autopilot .
A major step backward with an A-list actor in a C-grade military thriller .
As featureless and generic as its title , but between Cruise 's star quality and the ability of director Edward Zwick to stage coherent action sequences , the results are a palatable enough popcorn movie .
Jack Reacher is back . And no one seems to know why . Low stakes , a rote plot , and undistinguished action add up to a pointless and unnecessary sequel .
Jack Reacher : Never Go Back is the movie we all feared 2012 's Jack Reacher might be .
Less of a movie than it is a monotonous two-hour supercut of Tom Cruise elbowing people in the face , Jack Reacher : Never Stop Never Reaching is a generic star vehicle that 's been stripped down to nothing but an old engine and a rusty chassis .
Efficient , unfussy , and does n't try to think any faster than it can run .
This is an impossibly dumb movie and I had so much fun watching it . Bring on ten more Jack Reacher movies .
Formulaic , predictable and lazy , Jack Reacher : Never Go Back is exactly the type of clichéd genre movie the first Jack Reacher rebelled against .
There 's a comfortably familiar , old-fashioned feel to proceedings but it 's solid , muscular action entertainment .
With all the action movies that have come before , it 's tough to make car chases and fist fights seem original and exciting , but fortunately , there 's enough of a story to keep things interesting even when you might feel a sense of déjà vu .
Simple , but action-packed . Cruise is in top-form and Smulders makes for a terrific action star in her own right .
Anyone hoping for more than a superficial on-the-run chase movie will probably wish Reacher had stayed home , instead of going back .
The visual blandness of Edward Zwick 's style and the simplistic , easily solved case is better suited for television .
Jack Reacher : Never Go Back is a disappointment whose title may unwittingly end up serving as the epitaph for a briefly promising franchise .
This film does have one element keeping it from sinking fully into mediocrity : Cobie Smulders as on-the-run major Susan Turner .
Jack Reacher : Never Go Back does n't quite know whether it 's a gritty thriller or an action comedy .
Go see `` Jack Reacher : Never Go Back , '' but only so they make a third one where an Edward Zwick-less Tom Cruise battles a surprise villain played by film director Rob Zombie .
`` Jack Reacher : Never Go Back '' is always faintly diverting but never particularly engrossing , putting the venerable movie star through his paces without really asking much of him .
By-the-numbers plotting , seen-it-all-before action moves , banal locations and a largely anonymous cast alongside the star give this a low-rent feel .
The character that was an awkward fit for the actor four years ago seems to be even more so now , if only because Cruise 's greatest asset is his charisma , while Reacher is a stoic , stone-cold heavy .
Popcornily preposterous and watchable .
If you watched Cruise bruise his way through the first Reacher film and thought , `` I wonder if that guy 's good with kids ? '' this is exactly the movie you 've been waiting for . Otherwise : Run run run run run .
Everyone involved seems to understand exactly what kind of movie they 're trying to make .
It 's a simpler , more conventional genre offering than the first film , but it gets the job done .
It 's a generic action thriller but still endearing , unashamedly entertaining cinema .
It 's entertaining enough , even boasting the odd moment of dry wit , and the rooftop finale amid a New Orleans Halloween parade is arresting .
Tom Cruise used to be better than this . Now , we 're not so sure .

@highlight

Monotonously formulaic , Jack Reacher : Never Go Back is one action thriller sequel whose title also serves as a warning .