Largely an improvement over its predecessor , this is a decent attempt at bringing the FF 's adventures to the big screen , but still a few fixes away from truly being fantastic .
Boring is the deal .
A little tastier but still far from a gourmet feast .
Despite some gratuitous allusions to Gitmo , the third-rate effects and the two-bit characters make this a summer wipeout .
When Jessica Alba was at the MTV Movie Awards she called Fantastic Four : Rise of the Silver Surfer the best family/comedy of the summer . That alone should spell disaster for a superhero film .
It does n't suck . Or maybe I went into the theater with such low expectations that it could n't possibly be as bad as my imagination had concocted .
Parents longing for entertaining and intelligent family superhero fare would be much better served renting 2005 's Zathura or Sky High .
While the gags are aimed squarely at a family audience , there 's nothing wrong with that and this is certainly a film you could take even tiddlers to without worrying they are going to have nightmares later .
While the Silver Surfer cushions the blow , this is a sequel I can ultimately throw away ...
Ca n't anyone in comic book movies come up with new villains anymore ?
This sequel is out , overall succumbing to the weaknesses of the first movie , which , once again , relegates it to sitting at the kids ' table at the gathering of comic book movies .
Much better than the first ; OK for tweens and up .
An off-brand superhero movie , the cinematic equivalent of one of those generic breakfast cereals with a badly drawn squirrel for a mascot .
The same kind of lightweight but well executed comic book-based romp as its predecessor .
For a film that 's supposed to be playful , it 's an awful , tedious drudge .
Characters to love , story to hate .
A big-budget bust , and while it is n't as awful as its lame 2005 predecessor , it does come close to achieving the former film 's sense of decay .
I have read many of the legitimate criticisms of this sequel , and I agree with them , and I do not care .
As the Surfer rises , so too does this franchise .
While not entirely fantastic , this '' ` Four '' is fun , fast-paced , and family friendly .
A merciful dearth of plot in favor of mindless set pieces , so-so effects work and passable PG-rated humor .
Of all the summer 's big-budget action sequels , Fantastic Four : Rise of the Silver Surfer is the least painful .
With the wedding ruined and the future of the world at stake , it 's showtime . Suddenly , Tim Story goes CGI crazy delivering scene after scene of edge-of-your-seat action that will make your eyeballs bleed .
While it might be better than the first one , it still sucks .
The film 's effects people perform many miracles , from draining the River Thames to ensuring that the Thing produces a convincing smile . But one thing they ca n't do is to make the unfailingly wholesome Mr Fantastic and friends worth worrying about .
Rise of the Silver Surfer is both relentlessly dull and curiously bombastic .
I did n't care for the first one either .
Uma experiência consideravelmente melhor do que o original % u2013 o que , na prática , é o mesmo que dizer que é `` melhor '' ser abocanhado por um leão faminto do que por dois .
somehow Jessica Alba 's acting has taken a turn for the worse , and Chris Evans has the audacity to only take his shirt off for three seconds
The silver surfer is an outstanding competitor for sci-fi superhumanity 's best concepts and affords the series a sweeping interplanetary scale .
The makers of the franchise better find something more interesting for their four heroes to do -- and quick .
It 's PG-rated summer popcorn fluff at its best , and while the new additions might irritate the hardcore FF fanatics , those simply looking for a check-your-brain-at-the-door night out at the movies will certainly surf away satisfied .
Entertaining enough to earn a passing grade , but it could have been a lot better .
Suddenly the Surfer , erstwhile intergalactic villain , is made into a Guantánamo-like victim . The image gives brief pause , suggesting that distraction by trivial , tabloidy celebrity events allows terrible injustice to prevail . Not to worry though : the Four
Slightly improved over the original , Rise of the Silver Surfer provides some better-than-average visual effects , but an inconsequential plot .
The performances are plywooden , the cornball visual gags are groanworthy , and Tim Story still ca n't direct his way out a sack with a map .
Fantastic fun .
It takes no risks , so it leads nowhere .
... -LSB- this -RSB- second episode could hardly help being an improvement .
Anything more would be cheating the great wide swaths of gibbering no-brow-bia : the baseball-cap-askew-nation , text-messaging their way through the dead spots .
click for full review
Impressive not because of anything that 's said , but for the realization that you 're watching the screen be dominated by Jessica Alba and a piece of CGI without ever once experiencing the urge to gnaw through your own shoulder .
If ever a film franchise needed to come equipped with a Reboot button , it 's this one .
Far more entertaining and ambitious than its predecessor , Fantastic Four : Rise of the Silver Surfer is a surprisingly effective summer movie and a huge improvement over the lackluster 2005 original .
The good news is that it does n't think it 's Shakespeare , Citizen Kane and grand opera all rolled into one . The bad news is that it still is n't any good .
It 's perplexing to see the comic that pioneered naturalism and college-audience ambience dumbed down into a cartoony joke .
Rise of the Silver Surfer is n't a huge improvement , and it does n't even try to reinvent the wheel , but its minor upgrades here and there make a cumulative difference .
It 's a good thing Jessica Alba is easy on the eyes because she belly flops onto the craft of acting like a big black anvil .
With its goofy-ass combat scenes and sitcom-level dialogue , Rise of the Silver Surfer is aimed squarely at the 12-and-under crowd .
Once again , the action feels pedestrian , the special effects simply are n't that special and the acting is nearly nonexistent .
It 's funnier and splashier than the original , but I still ca n't quite recommend it .
... the movie has all the depth of a video game . These are n't people . They 're not even interesting characters . They 're game pieces .
The first movie 's genesis story was more fun than the perfunctory doomsday scheme trotted out here .
If you swept the cosmic dust of the superhero boom into a flimsy dustpan , you 'd have the Fantastic Four franchise .
The worst comic book adaptation since , well , since Fantastic Four 1 . An unimaginative disaster that takes forever to end , as if the celluloid is being stretched by Mr. Fantastic to make the movie last ten times longer than ninety minutes .
Surfer is just as lousy on every level as its predecessor .
` Silver Surfer ' features more eye-popping special effects than the first Fantastic 4 movie , but the story comes across like a Saturday morning kiddie cartoon .
Has some serious flaws - like that abortion of an ending but they get the essence of the comic book correct and butcher a pivotal story arc in the process .
It 's still not fantastic . But I would n't be surprised if , eventually , there were n't four of these .
Sure , the CGI work is all pro and the Silver Surfer effect is a cool visual but the dumb lines and forced chemistry just do n't cut it .
Capably blends action , sci-fi and comedy into one colorful concoction .
Maintains the tongue-in-cheek quality of the first film without falling into camp .
The dialogue is dumb drivel , the acting is atrocious and the bodaciously buff title character looks like a shiny hood ornament .
Many complaints were lobbed at Fantastic Four but no one ever suggested it was too smart . Yet it would seem that everyone came to the sequel , Fantastic Four : Rise Of The Silver Surfer , determined to dumb it down .
Peppier than the stale original from 2005 , and it 's sprinkled with more eye candy , but no one will mistake it for brain food .
Within their chosen limits , the moviemakers strive to give the Silver Surfer his due .
With a livelier script and stronger production values , this sequel far outdoes the 2004 original .
Yet another disappointing sequel in a summer filled with far too many of them .
But for the second film , Story and company have smartly turned to one of Marvel 's most intriguing characters , the Silver Surfer -LRB- body by Doug Jones , voice courtesy of Laurence Fishburne -RRB- .
Rise is exactly what a superhero movie should be : an entertaining , family-friendly popcorn flick with even doses of humor , heroism and heart .
As far as minor triumphs go , at least Story 's disposable film is shrewd enough to understand , embrace , and then stay true to its iconic comic book source material 's lighthearted spirit .
It 's interesting how societal change is reflected in movies . Not long ago , a mainstream movie would n't have portrayed the legitimate U.S. military openly torturing a prisoner .
If you liked the first Fantastic Four film , you 'll probably enjoy the sequel even more .
Fantastic ? Maybe that 's a bit of an exaggeration . Thrilling , engaging and totally adequate are more fitting adjectives to the latest superhero special effects bonanza .
Yeah Johnny , it 's got a Hemi . Too bad the rest of your movie is such a broken-down lemon .
Fantastic Four : Rise of the Silver Surfer is more ambitious than its predecessor . It 's also more cluttered and less fleet : The light , pleasingly casual quality of the first picture has evolved into something forced and metallic .
The series needs to find its place or just give up .
Fantastic Four : Rise of the Silver Surfer is a vast and significant improvement -- if not quite `` fantastic , '' then the next best thing : It does not suck .
If not entirely a downer , this is no topper .
Like its predecessor , Fantastic Four : Rise of the Silver Surfer seems intentionally B-grade , a happy gap-filler between more prestigious comic-book films .
I had a few laughs , I enjoyed the elaborate special effects , the characters are entertaining and unpretentious , and I got out of the theater in about 90 minutes .
For non comic book fans over the age of 13 , Fantastic Four : Rise of the Silver Surfer is a tedious , incoherent bore . For comic book fans of any age , it is an atrocity .
something we have n't seen in comic book movies in recent years - an honest attempt to capture the childhood essence of the fantasy
This is one of those superhero movies in which the superheroes are not nearly as charismatic as the villain . Luckily for this sequel , the Silver Surfer is on the scene .
What we get in the end is a lightweight reworking of superhero boilerplate -- megalomania , high-stakes confrontation and obscene spending on special effects .
If not exactly meriting the term `` fantastic '' yet , this second installment is a slight improvement over the first film . Things take off more quickly , Reed Richards is less dour and the villain is the Silver Surfer , cooler and more intruiging . The premise
Rise of the Silver Surfer is roughly 300 percent less cringe-inducing than its predecessor .
Especially when viewed through an agreeable lens of adolescent wonderment , it gets a lot more right than its predecessor .
Compared with its predecessor , the new movie contains less silliness to offend purists . At the same time , there is n't much to thrill anyone , either .
Rise of the Silver Surfer is an existentially and aesthetically unnecessary sequel to the equally irrelevant if depressingly successful Fantastic Four .
The most flat out fun you 'll have watching any superhero movie this year .
Director Tim Story does the same sort of efficient , impersonal job he did on the first movie , keeping things at such a basic , almost childish level that it seems the movie is aimed squarely , if not exclusively , at the 12-and-under set .
While it 's a little bit better than the first FF movie , this one trivializes the epic sci-fi stature of the story with the same bad acting , witless `` witty '' dialogue and drama-leeching tone .
Clocking in at a mere yet mighty 92 minutes , this superior sequel to 2005 's Fantastic Four skillfully crams loads of action , humor and even -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- character development into its short but sweet flight of comic-book inspired fantasy .
As was the case with the inept 2005 original , the sequel is a shallow , shoddy , slap-dash mess of ideas and performances .
In Fantastic Four : Rise of the Silver Surfer , our heroes get what they deserve : a decent action flick with a jolt of visual wow .
Unlike the recent spate of blackened threequels , those bottom-of-the-bag Spideys and Shreks and Pirates and Oceans , this kernel does pop .
A slight but enjoyable bit of sci-fi popcorn that 's mostly Marvelous just for being watchable , considering it 's the sequel to one of the more irritating films of the 21st century .
Yes , the too-hot Alba is still miscast , and the film suffers from clumsy moments . But when it soars , it soars , and it is both blessedly brief and bloodless .
You do n't walk out of Rise of the Silver Surfer feeling as if you 've gone three rounds with the Thing . This is a case where getting less than you bargained for feels like a victory .
Better than its juvenile predecessor .
As superhero experiences go , Fantastic Four : Rise of the Silver Surfer is mundane . It 's not funny enough to be a spoof , but it 's also not deep enough to hold any intrigue .
At times silly and then serious , this Fantastic Four is the cinematic equivalent of multiple personality disorder .
The Marvel comic book this movie is based on was never as sitcom-ish as the two films it 's inspired .
Fantastic Four : Rise of the Silver Surfer is an enjoyable sequel that delivers humour , likeable characters , great special effects and plenty of comic book-style action , though fans hoping for a glimpse of Galactus should prepare for disappointment .
Bad dialogue , bad acting , and a boring storyline make Fantastic Four 2 just one more entry in a growing list of unnecessary and ill-conceived sequels .
In the universe of dark and gloomy superheroes , this foursome are still dipping into the lighter side of fantastic .
Less than fantastic .
Just when you thought it could n't get any worse , it gets a whole lot better . Fantastic 2 may not hold a candle to Marvel 's crown jewels , but by dialling down the camp it at least makes amends for its dreary predecessor .
None of these allegedly `` fantastic '' heroes has any gravitas ... Far from inspiring admiration , they do n't rise even to the level of thinking , acting and relating like grown-ups .
It 's all quite harmless , the shape-shifting plot does not extend much beyond 90 minutes , and Alba still looks good in a jumpsuit . We 've seen it before , we 'll see it again .
too dull to be fun , too inept to be engaging , and too low-rent FX-wise to be dazzling
Rise of the Silver Surfer is impressively mounted and bursting with playful , spectacular special effects .
KAPOW ! The world 's most boring superheroes return to lull us back to sleep in a sequel that could put the makers of Nytol out of business .
Tim Story seems on the verge of `` getting '' it by introducing two of the comic-book series ' most involving characters , , but fails in creating a satisfying back story , or any story at all for that matter .
Fantasy pictures need n't be bound by the constraints of real-world logic , but they ca n't survive the quotidian blandness by which this one is smothered .
The banter between characters is laboured and unfunny , while there is also a pointless in-joke involving Stan Lee , creator of the original comic , being turned away from Storm 's marriage . You may wish to turn away from this exercise in coercive banality .
The makers of ` Fantastic Four : Rise of the Silver Surfer ' have managed to improve their storytelling . But that 's like saying that `` Ghost Rider '' improves when viewed in the IMAX format .
It 's all very silly and the Four 's life together has all the gravitas of an episode of the Monkees . Entertaining , though .
DAZZLING GLOBE-SKIPPING , LANDMARK-BASHING ACTION
Kids will probably have a blast - but pity their parents having to explain afterwards what exactly those American federal agents were doing torturing a gurneyed prisoner in a secret Siberian base .
Catering for its young target market , the film is lively and fun , as it delivers big stunts , a predictably so-so story and some jovial humour that keeps our superheroes grounded
Surfing down the face of a building or opening bottomless holes in the Earth ? Yes ! Lamenting the loss of his loved one and trading therapy sessions with Sue ? No !
The film hinges entirely on these gigantic , yet straightforward , simple conflicts , resulting in little or no emotional involvement in the characters .
It 's a vast improvement over 2005 's laughably dim-witted superhero tale , though it still lacks any major high-stakes excitement or surprises .
-LSB- D -RSB- umb and tedious and puny and petty and idiotic and wrapped up so tightly in its own acquiescence of its own irrelevance that even the end of all life on Earth can be no big deal ... Do n't get your spandex in a bunch , dude .
Superficial , unimaginative and inert . The so-called heroes are pompous , one-note caricatures who have the depth of gnats , and are just as irritating .
But , like I said , I never hated sitting in the theater . Heck , moments -LRB- including the highly imaginative way the malevolent menace intent on destroying the Earth is visually depicted -RRB- here and there are actually pretty darn wonderful .
A reading from the Books of Marvel ... And the Surfer passed through buildings and buses with a squish ... And Twentieth Century Fox said that it was good .
While contemporary superhero movies have evolved to dive deeper into the darker motivations , feeling and actions of the subjects , The Fantastic Four are content to be the hackneyed vaudeville act with old , stale jokes
The film spends too much time on peripheral distractions and shallow personal problems , and not enough establishing the scope , scale and sense of awe its cosmic events merit .
... the film essentially offers up more of the same ; more bad jokes , more predictable plot twists , and more ill-conceived action sequences .
The worst part ? The door is left wide open for part three .
Compared to the best superhero movies , the best that can be said of this flyweight effort is that it 's unpretentious . But then it has a great deal to be unpretentious about .
Better than the first one , but that 's only taking into consideration that it could n't possibly have been any worse .
Maybe it has something to do with seriously diminished expectations , but Fantastic Four : Rise of the Silver Surfer is an improvement of sorts over the lifeless 2005 edition .
Everything about this superhero sequel surpasses the original by a long shot .
The film fails to sustain its modest running time of 87 minutes .
Once you accept that Fantastic Four is not trying to be anything deeper than popcorn fare , the ride can be fun -- with an ending more satisfying than Spider-Man 3 .
This follow-up to the much-reviled Fantastic Four is cheerfully stupid , shallow and , frankly , more than a little tedious .
Earnest , gee-whiz and foursquare , this simple and intentionally inoffensive sequel gets points for being easy to take and scrupulously avoiding obvious sources of irritation .
As summer franchise superhero flicks go , it 's tolerable .
Sentient humans should stay away ; all others may enter confident that their IQs are already in the Chernobyl-fried range and will not be affected , except for downward .
Someone should tell Fantastic Four that it 's live action and not a cartoon .
Although FF : ROTSS comes from the same place as Spider-Man -LRB- New York , and Marvel editor Stan Lee 's noggin -RRB- , this sequel to the 2005 Fantastic Four debut is lackluster , even by comparison to the lackluster Spider-Man 3 .
The target audience appears to be Cartoon Network fans . Anyone outside that category is likely to find Fantastic Four : Rise of the Silver Surfer a dull slog no avalanche of razzle-dazzle digital hooey can camouflage .
The movie plays out like a particularly unfunny , dysfunctional family sitcom and features even less action than its predecessor .
Faithfully mining one of the Marvel franchise 's more intriguing mythologies , the sequel proves every bit as disposable as its predecessor , with even less character definition and several tons more poundage in the f/x department .
Unlike many recent superhero movies , Silver Surfer does n't have a heavy , overblown quality . For the most part , it 's light and playful -LRB- and short , clocking in at a brisk 90 minutes -RRB- .
Rise of the Silver Surfer does n't aspire to much . It just happens to have the three things it needs -- velocity , artistry and a pretty good story .
It 's not egregiously awful like the first film . Just plain awful in that formula way that kills your spirit and all hope for summer movies .
Of all the Marvel-spawned screen franchises , the Fantastic Four is the most puerile , reducing as it does this smartly quirky comic book quartet to a fourth-grade primer in dysfunctional family psychology .
These B-list demigods are so proudly , intergalactically mediocre that both the 2005 original and the follow-up tend to disable my super-snark beam .
Much better than the original .
As before , it 's tough to know how much of the movie 's hambone acting , Saturday-morning-cartoon dialogue and pubescent sexual innuendo are accidental and how much by design .
It is passable comic book stuff , dumb and loud . Loud . LOUD .
When will the people who adapt comic books into films realize that less can be so much more ?
Silver Surfer is watchable . But make no mistake . It 's for younger filmgoers .
Beyond a few good special-effects sequences - notably the Human Torch chasing the Silver Surfer between skyscrapers , the movie is uniformly vanilla . When the heroes are n't polishing their super-skills , they sit around and complain about their lot in life .
This humdrum collection of comic book characters ... makes you long for the thrilling adventures of someone called , say , The Accountant .
The best thing about this naive , corny sequel , which is only slighly better-produced than the original , is its brevity .
Amid all the vapid dialogue and visual fireworks , the performances seem like afterthoughts , particularly those of Gruffudd and Alba .
... -LRB- Director Tim -RRB- Story ca n't sustain anything resembling a mood , let alone a sense of gravity .
Bigger , better and more polished than the first , with a quite satisfactory ratio of action set-pieces and a lot of juvenile japery squarely aimed at its PG and fanboy audience .
At last ! A comic-book block-buster that does n't feel the need to justify its own existence with ponderous philosophical subtext and bloated running times .
It takes a while to get going , but once it does , it clips along , entertains , and does n't overstay its welcome .
They should have called Galactus Twistus instead because he appears as a left-over special effect from Twister ...


@highlight

While an improvement on its predecessor , Fantastic Four : Rise of the Silver Surfer is nevertheless a juvenile , simplistic picture that has little benefit beyond its special effects .