A fantastic premise in search of a better movie ...
Strikes an astute balance between a simply engaging dark thriller and a trenchant piece of social commentary . Also it 's a lot of fun .
Cheap Thrills lives up to its name , and like many of life 's guilty pleasures , it would n't be a surprise if audiences wanted another helping .
Gird your stomach for Cheap Thrills , a bloody but enjoyably ironic horror which enters that queasy zone where Michael Haneke 's Funny Games meets a reality-TV bush tucker trial .
The film makes the most of its premise and small cast , zipping from low-budget drama to sick black comedy to gruesome thriller .
Director EL Katz ratchets up the tension effectively as the game gets ever more sickeningly dark , but it 's his cast 's fine performances that keep us watching and give this far-fetched tale a degree of emotional plausibility .
Comedies do n't get much more pitch-black than this fiendishly clever film , which will shift into horror for everyone in the audience , although that tipping point varies for each person .
You can take the result as either smart satire or sick schlock - frankly , it works on both scores .
E L Katz 's film delivers exactly what the title promises . It is a very bloody , very violent fairground ride of a movie that ratchets up the tension as its two hapless anti-heroes compete desperately for money .
The blackest and most twisted of twisted black comedies , surely destined to become that indistinct phenomenon , a cult hit .
The film-makers ' undisguised glee in the revolting catalogue of horrors is a delight to behold , and the sense of naked misanthropy is queasily invigorating throughout .
It 's a thought-provoking ride , particularly in a post-financial crisis world where a combination of desperation and temptation can make anyone consider doing the unthinkable .
Cheap Thrills is the sort of film that makes you want to applaud as soon as it ends ... a must for anyone with a penchant for the darker side of cinema .
Immensely funny and appallingly blunt at the same time , it 's a comedy with a soul as black as they come .
A darkly twisted satire on a world in which the rich get richer and the poor are easy pickings for callous exploitation .
The script is smarter than the premise sounds , with writers David Chirchirillo and Trent Haaga dispensing enough information to make victims both sympathetic and despicable , the instigators charismatic and sinister .
For genre fans , Katz 's film will go down as a punchy and absorbing diversion , but it 's also an offer you can refuse to believe . A better film would have given you no choice .
The film would be nasty if it were n't clever -LRB- and sometimes horribly funny -RRB- .
Funny Games for the recession generation .
A bluesy drinking session evolves into messy violence for kicks in this nifty debut feature from E L Katz .
These characters are achingly familiar , a reminder that all of us are willing to play our own private , primal games of commerce and sacrifice to get what we want from life .
It 's Faust meets bum fights in this sick black comedy for our economically polarized age .
There are satisfying echoes of Stephen King 's sly black humour in this deliciously nasty comedy thriller .
A tour-de-force of twisted brilliance .
A grimly funny social allegory that does n't pull a single punch .
Cheap Thrills plays like a drug-fuelled Coen Brothers flick with a hint of early Sam Raimi ...
Cheap Thrills is clearly the smartest hyper-violent film I have ever seen .
The `` worst day of your life '' premise is a well-worn one ... but seldom has it plumbed the depths of desperation and sadism the way Cheap Thrills does .
I walked out of a screening feeling like I had just put my tongue on a 9-volt battery . In a good way .
It 's basic human nature to want to see others , even those closest to us , humiliate themselves in as spectacular a manner as possible .
Katz makes one of the most extraordinary , indecent and glorious feature debuts in memory . It 's political cinema , but raucous entertainment first and foremost .
There are plenty of difficult-to-stomach moments ... but they 're offset by the conviction of the actors and the wicked sense of humor Katz brings to the proceedings .
For all its moments of depravity and violence , the most shocking thing about Cheap Thrills may be the realisation as to where we would draw the line for ourselves .
Screenwriters David Chirchirillo and Trent Haaga pose a simple question -- how much will a person degrade himself to make ends meet ? -- but it 's a potent one , at least for those of us who ponder it every Monday through Friday .
Achieves sustained unease throughout .
To those looking for a bad time - and some good , no , great gore - take note : you 'll get a kick out of Cheap Thrills , if not a giggle .
You 'd be better off watching the old `` Alfred Hitchcock Presents '' episode with Peter Lorre and Steve McQueen that did basically the same thing far better and in much less time .
This is a film that is more defined by its mayhem tally than by its story .
How you feel about it will depend on how much creative debasement you can stand to watch .
The movie equivalent of a mean girls ' game whose only goal is the humiliation of its protagonist , for your entertainment . Also : a failed parable of the twistedness of the 1 percent .
A tense , knotty -LRB- in more ways than one -RRB- valentine of leaching amorality -- a satisfyingly warped walk on the wild side .
Gross and bloody , but it has a jaunty air .
Cheap Thrills takes pride in being the devil 's advocate to human desires and playing its pawns like the sweet antique ivory keys of a piano .
Let 's just say it takes a dim view of human nature that seems well supported by the evidence , and that if you have an appetite for fatalistic , dirty-minded gore you wo n't be disappointed .
Seriously overrated , it 's a series of gross-out scenes intended to shock and nothing more .
If Cheap Thrills ultimately does carry us along , it 's due largely to Healy 's performance and presence .
You should watch it as a twisted comedy . Those who do will be rewarded , especially by the film 's outlandish final image .
Underneath the gore and giggles , it 's a shrewd class critique .
Cheap Thrills does n't present us necessarily with the most original satire or complex characters , but it 's terrifically crafted , anchored by strong performances and a keen build in tension .
To describe them would diminish their impact , but there are several occasions where it is tough to keep looking at the screen . Yet , thanks to the characters and their portrayals , you ca n't really look away , either .
A committed cast elevates what is , ultimately , a gimmicky thriller . It dissolves into a puddle of blood-tinged hypocrisy .
A fair amount of twisted fun , thanks mostly to a surprisingly , effectively low-key turn by Koechner as the game 's emcee .
This is not a movie for everybody , but that assessment is not exactly intended as a thumbs down . Alarming thrills are guaranteed .
Cheap Thrills is little more than low-budget torture porn for the doobie-addled dudebro contingent .
The simple , even sometimes simplistic script is helped a lot by its cast .
By the end , Cheap Thrills too closely resembles the behavior it depicts .
One of the few films I regret seeing . But it definitely lives up to the title -- and gives viewers an ending we 'll never forget .
... it 's the hysterical , son-of-Jackass tomfoolery of The Hangover taken to an absurdly nihilistic degree . For the most part it works ...
It 's even more gross and unsettling than it sounds , but the socioeconomic context adds some depth and suspense to the proceedings .
-LSB- A -RSB- shock-value thriller .
First-time filmmaker Katz effectively sets relatable problems as the catalyst to the story before the absurd takes over .
You 're either in or your out from minute one .
`` Cheap Thrills '' is a movie that Rod Serling would have loved .
Erich von Stroheim might have made the definitive film about human swinishness way back in 1924 -- sorry , Gordon Gekko -- but Cheap Thrills cuts deeper , darker , and straight to the bone .
travels a straight line to its sick and twisted shocks , using a slow burn escalation that never leaves us questioning the increasingly nasty proceedings
If the way things wind up for Craig and Vince is perhaps inevitable , how they get there is not . As for the movie 's audacious final shot , it 's nothing short of iconic .
The film 's clearest winner is Pat Healy , whose depiction of a man willing to corrode his entire life to provide for his wife and kid feels true despite the script 's silliest moments .
Dave Koechner 's finest , grossest hour ?
As exceptionally unpleasant experiences go , this one is delicious .
if there 's one thing Cheap Thrills stands for , it 's fun -- sick , demented fun , the kind that hurts the next day .
A jet-black , vaguely satiric but never jokey crime thriller . Enthralling , wince-inducing and purposefully unpleasant .
Cheap Thrills seriousness is cloaked in a darkly hilarious game of frat-guy oneupmanship . It 's about the things bros are capable of .
The result ? High and humorous tension both on the screen and in the audience seats .
Dark , deeply disturbing and occasionally comic , Cheap Thrills puts a contemporary spin on the cinematic version of dare , pitting a mysterious guy with a wad of cash against a financially desperate pair of blue collars .
Cheap Thrills is a darkly comedic cult winner blending Troma-inspired wackiness with pure , devious genre entertainment - just do n't try any of these dares at home .
Cynical , amoral , tense and superbly shot and performed .
-LSB- This movie -RSB- is less about relationships , character development and moral questions about how far we 'd go to make money , and more , as the title says , about cheap thrills . Cheap , bloody , disturbingly funny thrills .
Ultimately , Cheap Thrills is another film that should provoke some fascinating discussions about class , economy and the state of both in our country right now .
Cheap Thrills is a film that works as entertainment first , but it offers up a vital and horrifying discussion of the growing division between the haves and the have nots , and as a glimpse of what could be , it is truly chilling .
Simple , effective and consistently provocative , Cheap Thrills is a masterful debut from a director to watch .
Ahead of its satiric aims , Cheap Thrills ultimately delivers its titular promise again and again .
One of the most involving works of cinematic misanthropy in years .
Cheap Thrills is a thoroughly nasty piece of work , which doubtless will be the strongest selling point for this worst-case scenario about steadily escalating dares and degradations .
the best kind of noir -- the kind where you do n't like anyone very much .
It 's not a swiftly paced picture , but when it finally arrives at the horrible business , it pulls off the madness with gusto .
With a grindhouse title like Cheap Thrills , Cheap Thrills delivers the goods by exploiting its characters in fun and provocative ways .
Writer-director E.L. Katz manages to effortlessly balance punishing violence , rich characterizations , gallows humor , and even social commentary , all without compromising emotional accessibility or good old-fashioned storytelling .
class-conscious black comedy reveals the American dream to be both a gladiatorial bumfight and a dog 's dinner .
A textbook case of a film that never quite amounts to the sum of its parts , Cheap Thrills is still more than its title suggests and provides dark entertainment for those in the mood .
`` Cheap Thrills '' is a raucous pressure cooker that dishes out laughs and shrieks in equal measure .
Exceptionally entertaining and effective thanks to quality characters and a well-calculated build that justify the gore .
There 's no big twist here , but the film 's sustained thoughtfulness is as surprising as any plot development .

@highlight

Gleefully nasty and darkly hilarious , Cheap Thrills lives down to its title in the best possible way .