Making the film ` animated ' creates a remove from the harshness of reality , like erecting a scrim between performer and audience , but it also makes for a certain glow .
The director-writer , David Kaplan , is able to hold our attention , and the film 's unusual look lends a magical feeling .
Without the animation layered on top of the action , the film would be thoroughly lacking in dramatic interest .
A re-imagining of Cinderella set in a massage parlor in New York 's Chinatown , David Kaplan 's film juxtaposes grime and exploitation with winsomeness and superstition .
Apart from the debut of appealing An Nguyen and a pet fish instead of a magic slipper , there 's nothing particularly innovative here , and the film 's seedy milieu ensures that it 's anything but a kid-friendly fairy tale .
Year of the Fish is an eye-opener for those unfamiliar with the tribulations many immigrants endure on their road to American citizenship .
Charming and dreamlike , Year of the Fish wrings every dime out of its low budget with wonderful performances that are by parts adorable , sharp and sweet and certainly worth a look .
Although writer/director David Kaplan attempts to elevate his amateur narrative attempt with the same rotoscoping animation technique that Richard Linklater used to great effect with `` Waking Life '' and `` A Scanner Darkly , '' the effect comes across as overwro
The result -LSB- of the animation technique -RSB- is similar to the look of Richard Linklater 's A Scanner Darkly , but much softer and more fluid . It 's ideal for the storybook plot and quite dazzling at times .
That kind of broadness plays fine in Disney movies , but feels deeply when applied to the world of undocumented sex workers , urban poverty and economic exploitation that looks a lot like 21st-century slavery .
Too raw for kids and too simplistic for adults .
David Kaplan 's sweet , if superficial , fairy tale wo n't change the world , but it makes nice use of its setting -LRB- Chinatown -RRB- and visual style -LRB- rotoscope animation -RRB- .
An adult fable told with childlike simplicity , Year of the Fish updates an ancient Chinese version of the Cinderella story with imagination , charm and just the right amount of sweetness .
Kaplan keeps the story breezy and brisk , and provides his down-to-earthily modern fairy tale with an appropriately other-worldly visual style .
To some degree , it 's trying to find the magic in the everyday , but the attempts to ground it are cringe-inducing and problematic .
Even animation addicts might find their eyes glazing over at this digitally rotoscoped Cinderella story set in an oh-so-magical modern-day Chinatown .
Year of the Fish does feature more than enough clever moments and ideas to compensate for forcing audiences to sit through yet another tale of a woman who needs a man to rescue her from a life of drudgery .
Year of the Fish is the kind of really bad movie it takes a lot of misplaced conviction to make .
Unfortunately , much of the novelty in ` Year of the Fish ' is eclipsed by ethnic stereotypes and an oppressive score
HBO 's 1990s cartoon series Happily Ever After multiculturalized traditional fairy tales , and Year of the Fish may as well be a live-action episode of the now-defunct program .
Year of the Fish is a sweetly engaging effort that manages a fair amount of charm and innocence in spite of the rather seedy surroundings .
Written and directed by Reginald Harkema with a sharp eye toward the paradoxes of fighting The Man in the 21st century .
That the film is animated gives it an appropriately magical feel , but it ca n't save the story from being drowned in devices and stereotype .


@highlight

This modernized and rotoscope-animated update on the Cinderella story is charming at times and visually impressive , but audiences may find it to be too coarse for children and too superficial for adults .