A thought-provoking , tiny-but-tough Oscar-nominated Georgian anti-war drama .
It 's powered by casually great , lived-in acting , particularly from Lembit Ulfsak as the old man under whose roof the gruff Chechen mercenary and his sensitive young Georgian foe find themselves facing off .
The wonderful , sensitive Tangerines is a plea for tolerance -- an appeal which should always be heard . It is a must-see .
An oustanding and emotional movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ulfsak , by all accounts Estonia 's Olivier , is the pivot of the all-male cast , his mournful face bringing an intense gravitas to proceedings in an small , but engrossing and handsome film .
It represents the horrors of war in a small town setting . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A conventional war drama that is perfectly made and acted . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The simple nature and sobriety of this tale , along its bittersweet ending and the transparency of its message , make it , in the end , an homage to anti-militarism cinema . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Those faultless performances make something special of the material . Many will find it disconcerting to be reminded of the many conflicts ... that blew up following the fall of the Soviet empire . Worth cherishing .
An elegant but unexciting anti-war film , poignantly told in the form of a humanist parable .
Tangerines explores the absurdities and complexities of the ensuing nationalistic , territorial and religious fall-out with an admirably simple set-up .
A melancholy morality tale that beautifully illustrates the folly of conflict and blind hatred .
A quietly profound study of the unfathomable nature of conflict .
The funniest and most profound film about war since Dr Strangelove .
It is tremendous storytelling : engaging , intelligent , and with some lovely touches .
This is a film that mines the profoundest truths from the simplest of stories and underlines the sheer absurdity of the situation .
The anti-war message is not new but the film delivers it eloquently and with quiet , insistent dignity . And sadly , it 's a message that 's still not being heeded .
Although set in a specific time and place , the film 's message about human life is universal . And director/writer Zaza Urushadze makes his points without being heavy handed , overt or politically demonstrative .
The film is a character study , a chamber piece with incursions , a morality play with a thoughtful sense of its own boundaries .
It 's not often that you watch a film stripped of all the usual bells and whistles , let alone one that packs the emotional punch of Zaza Urushadze 's Tangerines .
Humanity is the theme of this Oscar nominated drama in which an old Estonian man opens his home and heart to two rival ` children of death ' - a Chechen mercenary and a Georgian soldier ... Hope is a wonderful thing
Uses its small scale to say something big .
If the lesson about our similarities outweighing our differences is obvious , the conclusion is unexpected and unforgettable .
Nakhashidze is splendid as the malcontent ; he carries a life story in his world-weary facial expressions . Casting directors , take heed : This guy is a character-star waiting to be noticed .
quietly break -LRB- s -RRB- your heart with the folly of humankind
Leading an impressive cast , Ulfsak , an accoladed Estonian actor , is quietly commanding as the war-weary , heroic Ivo .
Though the themes about war and peace will be familiar , this is good , old-fashioned storytelling - with a high level of craftsmanship .
It is difficult not to be moved by `` Tangerines , '' which begins to feel like a legend despite one 's nagging sense something is missing from the film 's hasty third act .
A lovely , unassuming anti-war film that all adults should see .
We know war is petty , we know it kills and divides , but Tangerines saddens us and makes us feel the pains of war , when it really counts .
The film works not because of any kind of historical specificity but because of its ability to simplify .
Writer-director Zaza Urushadze turns this fragile premise into a superior chamber drama .
Tangerines offers a relatively quiet reflection on the important elements in life . But the movie feels like the first two acts in a morality play , and I want to see the third .
Tangerines , the first Estonian picture nominated for the foreign-film Oscar , has a heart as ripe as the citrus fruit of its title , but its message does n't yield much juice .
The acting is solid ; Ulfsak is ideally cast as the easygoing , timeworn woodworker .
Georgian writer-director Zaza Urushadze avoids histrionics or moralizing , relying on a strong cast that expresses the film 's central argument about war 's absurdity largely through taciturn action , not words .
Simple , direct and achingly melancholy , `` Tangerines '' unfolds in a setting that feels timeless . Urushadze 's filmmaking feels timeless , too , and it 's rich , lovingly observed , masculine work that successfully shrugs off the temper of `` macho . ''
There are some touching interactions between the players , but the film 's humanism is too predictably calibrated .
It might be willfully naïve , but it also successfully argues that the path to peace begins with a laying down of not only guns , but also cynicism and distrust .
`` Tangerines '' is an example of lean , unadorned old-school filmmaking where familiar style and technique combine to unexpectedly potent effect because of the great skill with which they 've been employed .
Because the conflict between Abkhazians and Georgians is so sketchily drawn , the ultimate heartwarming tone of the film seems not so much unearned as unspectacular .
Tangerines becomes an object lesson in the resilience of ancient animosities , and the limits , sadly , of common sense .
Excellent performances from the ensemble cast -LSB- ... -RSB- elevate what is an otherwise theatrical treatment of a timeworn narrative .
By the end , Georgian director-writer Zaza Urushadze has performed a small miracle by presenting the insanity of war in such a compact form .
Tangerines ends up being serviceably bleak , but rarely compelling .
Every time the viewer feels OK to kick back they 're whacked them over the head by crude message-mongering or unsubtle ironies .
`` Tangerines '' is a modest film , sure of its proportions and clear about its intentions . The key to its effectiveness lies with the actors ...
This remarkable piece of antiwar cinema honors its theme , and the movie medium .
The shift from philosophical parrying to actual combat does n't make Tangerines more compelling ; on the contrary , it suggests that the filmmakers did n't have the confidence to tell their story without falling back on genre tropes .
Urushadze 's excellent cast imbues their thinly drawn characters with a great deal of life , but the roles are so transparent that the film feels like more of an advertisement for peace than it does an argument for it .
The film telegraphs its pacifist message early on , but it 's still deeply affecting .
As a writer-director , Urushadze has the vision to come up with lingering images-like Ivo 's long , sensitive hands guiding pieces of wood to a buzzing saw-and the taste and the film sense to pick them up again only when needed .
Tangerines works primarily as a showcase for its trio of lead actors , who work hard to make their characters ' gradual yet quick thaw seem not just credible , but inevitable .
A thoughtful , quietly compelling parable set in a time of civil war .
Small in scale if huge in heart and scope , Tangerines uses four characters to limn the religio-nationalistic hostilities unleashed by the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1992 .
The cinema , so infatuated with loud bangs and flowering orange blasts , does , as Ivo says , cheat us . Director/writer Zaza Urushadze instead gives us a clever , claustrophobic plot befitting a three-act play .
Tangerines is a tense , moving , nuanced anti-war drama .
For all of the potential , historically specific revelations regarding nation and religion , Tangerines elects to become bathetic hokum .
Accompanied by a melancholy but atmopsheric refrain from Niaz Diasamidz , which gives an excellent sense of place as well as adding to the elegiac mood , the film is a great example of how powerful and universal small but well-crafted stories can be .
Slaps an honest emotional sincerity and a dry , almost humorous pragmatism in the face of macho posturing and identity tribalism .
In an age of incestuous ties between the Pentagon and Hollywood that produces films like `` American Sniper '' , thank god for the Estonians who remind us of what a horror war is .
A most effective antiwar movie though an oversimplification that seems to say that if you get two enemies to sit down with each other over soup , shashlik and a hard-boiled egg , a peace treaty will soon emerge .
Although the subject of civil war within the former Soviet countries has been tackled in other movies , this retelling is one of the most concise and affecting .
A small-scale , poignant and accessible anti-war statement .

@highlight

Tangerines ' impassioned message and the strong work of a solid cast more than make up for the movie 's flawed narrative and uneven structure .