Given the source material and the endless possibilities , it 's surprising that the movie has ended up with so few belly laughs .
While not a perfect film , one thing 's for certain : We can expect a great future for Grant Heslov and George Clooney collaborations .
Save your money and , more important , your precious time .
It 's Heslov 's sarcastic , assuming tone , not the actors , that makes Goats so intolerable , and it begins immediately with the opening credits .
Even at a brief running time of 87 minutes , the film feels stretched , leaving you as `` the person who blankly stares at the screen '' ... until it 's finally over .
The oddity of its subject matter ca n't quite find a suitable groove between weird believability and preposterous put-on .
A genuinely funny film packed with acting talent -LRB- ... -RRB- well worth 90 minutes of anyone 's time .
although Clooney 's charm factor helps Cassady rise above the caricatures created by the rest of the cast . ... it wo n't necessarily elevate a mediocre film into one worth watching .
The Men Who Stare at Goats makes -LSB- True Lies -RSB- seem like a sensitive and balanced take on American/Middle Eastern relations .
All in all , Goats would have been groaningly familiar , even back in the 1960s .
The film aspires to the kind of quirk the Coen Brothers do so well . It delivers quirk in droves . It just stops short of the big yucks .
The slapstick is broad and the jokes are scattershot , but the satirical digs at the self-delusion directing much of American foreign policy are well aimed .
Una comedia satírica y anti militarista mucho menos graciosa de lo que prometía .
A series of barely tethered surrealistic shenanigans perpetrated by coasting A-listers .
... an odd movie that falls in between the cracks of dramedy and military satire . While it has a fine cast and some terrific moments , this story of an experimental U.S. military unit with allegedly psychic powers never really gets off the ground .
Strained and uncomfortably buffonish . Everybody -LRB- except Clooney -RRB- is mugging when they should 've just tried acting . Real satire draws blood . This one nudges you in the ribs .
Silly psychics make good characters but do n't have enough to do
While this often hilariously haphazard film draws you in , you 're ultimately left trying to discern fact from fiction .
Despite this offbeat film 's shortcomings , one ca n't help but admire director Grant Heslov and his influential pal Clooney in bringing to the screen yet another timely reminder of war 's ludicrousness and ultimate futility .
The film meanders in a nonsensical way and never reaches a satisfactory conclusion . It 's got a Coen Brothers edge to it and will leave many viewers scratching their heads .
It 's more like a series of amazing anecdotes and crazy adventures than a fully formed story
Like its intriguing title , this ` more of it is true than you would believe ' satire about US intelligence , psychic spies , hippies and super soldiers is a trip to the wacky side
Dancing With Goats
Komedija % u010Diji protagonisti imaju profesionalnih razloga buljiti u koze sve najbolje gegove potro % u0161ila je u traileru
Baaaaaddddd . What a disappointment with Clooney no less . Paul Chambers , CNN .
Not a perfect satire by any means , but it does capture the insanity of our military using ESP as a weapon . Just one step ahead of Ronald Reagan using an astrologist .
Remember how much fun the cast of Ocean 's 12 looked like they were having while the audiences watching it were n't ? Same thing .
A nearly apolitical farce where Clooney 's combination of wide-eyed lunacy and steely-eyed conviction mesh nicely ... and where Bridges is quite Dude-like in his hippie-dippie demeanor .
Sometimes the movie can not get past being merely smile-inducing , but it 's a gently funny story of belief in one 's inner potential and in the general goodness of most people . I may forget I ever saw it , but I had a pretty good time nonetheless .
This outlandish , bizarre film is funny enough to keep your attention diverted .
full review at Movies for the Masses
The most watered-down episode of M * A * S * H * looks like a Joseph Heller classic by comparison
At best , it 's an assembly line of disconnected gags that rely entirely on Mr. Clooney 's sub-deadpans and Mr. McGregor 's innocent mug working perpendicular to the jokes . At worst , it 's a meditation on the greater absurdities of New Age beliefs and ideals .
There 's a lament for perverting the purity of essence in enlightenment to military-complex exploitation . Like the film 's test goats , it 's been de-bleated and , given the pithy talk of Jedi warriors , this is not the political satire you 're looking for .
Through the whole film one has the feeling that the real story is just about to begin , but like the original military project , we go nowhere and nothing ever comes of anything .
Psychic spies . Jedi warriors . Clooney delivers big time , but the story could have been better .
Comes to us as the latest political satire to have inadvertently sliced off its own pair .
Begins with the subtitle : `` More of this is true than you would believe . '' It 's the perfect beginning to a film that deftly combines truth and fiction .
Setting up easy targets , The Men Who Stare at Goats seems less clever than behind the times .
Mind-altering drugs just might make it seem better than it is .
A quietly wacky military satire good for scattered chuckles and laughs .
Not the acerbic , Strangelovian satire one might expect but a pleasant , good-natured film that adopts the happy hippy vibe of Bridges ' far-out Vietnam vet ...
This story is a myth , but it is pleasant , gentle and funny . Like all myths , it reveals certain truths .
Too shallow for satire and not funny enough for comedy , the infantile Goats is really just a silly absurdist movie trying to pass for an antiwar film .
The picture soon runs literally and figuratively into the sands and ca n't dig itself out .
Sometimes hits big with genuine laugh-out-loud moments , but more often , this comedy leaves us scratching our heads , wondering where it all went so wrong .
Feels all too light ; it 's a movie wherein all the best , funniest bits were shown in the trailer .
I walked out feeling as if it had been enjoyable , even though the word on my lips was , ` Huh ? '
A likable little movie that feels more indie than most indies , is n't afraid to shamble along , and , sadly , seems oblivious to the fact that it 's in need of a bigger ending .
... Clooney is tongue in cheek convincing .
Whatever George Clooney and his friends are smoking , could they please pass some of it around ? We 're confused and we need it .
Maybe it is just easier to laugh at things that happened decades ago , but the contemporary story never attains the same power as the flashbacks .
A silly movie that puts the loony in Clooney and the Ewww in Ewan
Heslov thinks he 's making a Coen Brothers movie , so Clooney and especially Bridges continuously play up how `` off '' they are , but the source material did n't need any help .
gets by on its goofy , absurdist charm and gonzo characters without ever making a significant impact
It 's a disappointment .
Everyone involved seems to have had a pretty good time , but this one looks like it was more fun to make than it is to watch .
Lesser version of Catch-22 .
Even if you have n't seen a movie about psychic Jedi warriors in the U.S. Army who kill goats with their mind , you may come out of -LSB- this film -RSB- thinking that you 've seen a lot of it before .
The Men Who Stare at Goats meanders aimlessly without ever reaching a satisfying conclusion .
Take a wonderfully farcical premise based on fact and turn it into a mostly entertaining , sometimes sluggish film about Men playing preposterous war games % u2013 with their minds .
Even Clooney seems to be spinning his wheels here , playing the same self-aware looniness we 've seen from him in Coen Brothers movies , just as Jeff Bridges is right back in `` Big Lebowski '' territory .
A one-trick pony , or should I say one-trick goat , which relies heavily on slight variations of a running joke which gets stale pretty fast .
The inmates here are running the asylum , trying to walk through walls because they 've been trained to believe that they can . They are Jedis , or so they think , and though the Force may elude them , their belief is unshaken . Yoda would be puzzled but proud .
Yes , they really stared at goats , if you believe the reports on which this movie is based .
If I could make a mix tape of scenes from this film I 'd watch them repeatedly . But as a whole , it was a missed opportunity . And the ending ... even Obi-Wan would roll his eyes . Definitely not the droids I was looking for .
It falls a bit short of the high bar it has set for itself , yet I respect the film 's willingness to aim that high . And it does get enough right to be worth seeing .
More movies going nowhere should be this much fun !
An outrageously funny , tongue-in-cheek satire filled with lively , amusing performances , but its comedic momentum gradually loses steam and leaves you wishing that it had more consistent cleverness and bite .
Loopy enough to stand out from the homogenized pack but not bold enough to truly go the distance .
What went wrong with this movie ?
The movie gets off to a strong start that is both amusing and highly entertaining but it ca n't maintain the high level of incredulity . It drags , sputters and then loses its fizz .
-LSB- C -RSB- heeky , baffled madness ... -LSB- but -RSB- there is no doubt that the yearning and the questioning and the skepticism it all encapsulates about modern masculinity is achingly authentic ...
For a movie about people learning to focus their minds , -LSB- it -RSB- proves to be strangely and disappointingly unfocused .
Heslov 's deadpan handling of the movie 's strange-but-true vibe , coupled with Clooney 's full-tilt devotion to his outlandish character , smooths over the rougher patches of Peter Straughan 's quirky screenplay .
The narrative flips and flops ruin the comedic flow .
The Men Who Stare at Goats is a handful of hilarious scenes looking for a movie .
Neither as quirky as it thinks it is nor as witty as it wants to be , The Men Who Stare at Goats is a low grade military send-up .
It 's brisk and witty and the cast makes it all such great entertainment that you could almost overlook the more or less absent story .
perhaps the funniest war movie since Stripes .
does a slick job of putting assumptions of all types to the test , and resists the temptation to make sport of any of them while still retaining a sense of fun
If this is what a Hollywood liberal conscience looks like , it 's a glib and useless thing .
One ca n't help remembering that Clooney himself drew more humor and resonance out of the Iraqi dunes a decade ago in Three Kings .
This is grizzled , wild-eyed Clooney , not the suave sophisticate , and it 's a nice change of pace .
Caution : Staring at ` The Men Who Stare at Goats ' may result in your falling down laughing , courtesy of a devilishly smart script , subversive japery and a flawlessly funny cast .
It seems too much a privilege to be chuckling in the theater about psychic warfare while the unfunny business of combat in Iraq and Afghanistan continues .
The actors were having a much better time making the film than I did sitting in the theater watching it .
Despite whatever my illustrious partner writes , I found `` The Men Who Stare At Goats '' vastly entertaining .
Heslov directs for the first time in a career that , I pray , will consist of one movie .
Clooney and Bridges model an assortment of wigs and facial hair as they labor to put across their outsize characters .
A refreshingly unpredictable and fizzy comic fantasy .
Peter Straughan 's peppy , Star Wars-reference laden script matches Clooney 's star power , but the plot goes a bit too far off the rails at the end .
George Clooney , Jeff Bridges and Kevin Spacey get the audience wrapped up in one of the silliest and goofiest movies of the year .
Feels less like a transcendental breakthrough than a bit of conjuring misdirection . Fun trick , though .
Stare at the goat all you want , but he 's not going to come up with a script . He might eat one , but write one ? Naaaaaa .
A competent , polished outing for Heslov and his cast . But despite its undoubted qualities , its slightly smug attitude means it never quite matches the bite of earlier military satires .
A raucous and rapid-fire military comedy that channels the absurdist spirit of Catch 22 and Three Kings but is often something else entirely .
If we ca n't be sure how much is just being made up , then we have to rely on the entertainment factor , and that is marginal .
Either someone missed the memo about other people 's LSD trips being a colossal drag , or else they fed it to a goat .
Erring on just the right side of silliness , its combination of slapstick and off-the-cuff sitcom mostly hits the right marks .
The film is just so darned entertaining .
Easily the funniest movie ever to feature a goat-slaying psychic .
A disappointingly generic finale gives way to an ingenious final gag , however , with the gleefully anarchic spirit that drives the film leaving a much bigger impression than the patchy story .
At its best , Goats maintains a giddy Dr. Strangelove-via-the-Coen-Brothers vibe .
Men Who Stare at Goats is one massively long Star Wars joke that gets annoying quick .
This Coens-lite comedy squeezes every last drop of craziness from its source but is undone by a thin third act . McGregor 's a good straight man , but it 's Clooney 's show .
If looks could really kill , this film would already be dead .
An amusing little farce inspired by some genuinely hair-raising true stories . But it loses its nerve in its second half as the need to impose conventional narrative closure eclipses the wacko subject matter . Fun , but forgettable . Burn after viewing .
The sense of emotional detachment keeps things feeling smooth and low-key , but , as is clear in the film 's last few scenes , the playful tone shades into the simply trivial , which in the setting does n't quite play .
It lacks the control of the Coen brothers , in whose image the movie has been only serviceably created by first-time director Grant Heslov , and merely encourages the audience to stare at an all-star cast for 90 minutes or so .
What we see is both true and not true , absurd and deadly serious . That works well to begin with , and the first hour or so is funny , engaging and occasionally poignant .
... the final product matches the title in both weirdness and drollery .
The picture lacks discipline and focus at times , but it 's fun despite the chaos , although a wandering-in-the-desert scene goes on far too long .
There are amusing moments , but you 'll need extra-sensory powers to spot the plot .
Does a passable imitation of a Coen brothers comedy .
The smug , are n't - we-clever tone does n't invite us to react to what we 're seeing because the movie already has satisfied itself that it 's delightful .
A laidback , slightly underwhelming farce on the madness of the military .
Despite a strong cast 's admirable efforts , though , this ends up as a bit of an ill-defined muddle that should have focused more on fact than quirkiness .
The film starts hopefully , drifts into the desert , ends up starved of point , pith and pattern .
Interesting title , promisingly quirky subject , top-drawer cast - such a duff movie .
A quirky cross between Star Wars , X Files and Apocalypse Now , brimming with imagination and a wickedly black sense of humour .
A likable , lightweight , absurdist comedy .
While I 'm sure that truth is indeed even stranger than this fiction , there is little here to drum that fact home with conviction . Dr Strangelove it is not , by a very long way .
One of the year 's most unique films .
The star of the show is undoubtedly Clooney , who delivers one of his best performances .
Inspired daftness . And well worth a stare for fans of Clooney and inventive comedy alike .
A sincere enough , well-played , pleasant distraction .
From casting to conclusion , it feels like second-tier stuff , throwing away an opportunity for provocative satire in favour of a tribute band trying out familiar riffs , hamstrung by their own lack of technique .
The cast gamely tries and Heslov does his best to keep things moving but nothing anyone does can mask the fact there 's just no there there were it comes to Straughan 's script .
May not measure up to the book that inspired it , its irreverent sense of humor and colorful cast of characters make it a more than worthwhile viewing .
What a waste of a great premise .
Now that Bush is n't in office the satire feels less enraged , the funny stuff seems aimed at whoever happens to be in the way and the entire movie feels like something the Coen brothers felt was n't mean enough for them to bother with .
Heslov leaves his deadpan-preening actors with nowhere to go . Thus , like the shaggy , stubborn subjects of their daffy telekinetic experiments , they mostly stand around chewing their own cud .
Definitely a film for those looking for something off the beaten path , though the lack of a more defined plot keeps this from being a must-see film .
Still , there is Clooney 's deceptively layered performance , some startling bits of laugh-out-loud absurdity , and the not-at-all-negligible pleasure to be had in a cockeyed point of view .
It probably sounded funny on paper , and yes , onscreen , there are a few moments of deadpan wackiness .
It has a quick pace and plenty of laugh-out-loud moments , though you might wish it had tried to do something a little more substantial .
Hilarious and also sobering .
Loopy war comedy 's offbeat humor may appeal to teens .
And yet , while `` The Men Who Stare at Goats '' may not completely succeed as a whole , it has so many worthwhile individual elements that it should not be completely written off either .
A pleasant comic diversion that 's salvaged by its veteran cast .
Parental Content Review
A loopy , fact-scattered comedy close to woeful in its failure at producing laughs and some much-needed levity . If there is some big , meaningful point to the film , it is lost in a landmine of slapstick and mugging .
There are moments of levity throughout the film , but it 's made with pedestrian craft and feels more like a set-up and a series of vignettes than a compelling yarn .
By throwing both paranormal rumors and sadly true events at the wall , the writer and director make the whole production feel like a messy experiment -- but one that , nonetheless , is a lot of fun to partake in .
There 's no doubt we need more movies for grown-ups , with jokes that do n't hit us over the head , but The Men Who Stare at Goats does n't fit the bill . At best , it might hypnotize you into a stupor .
There 's not much of a story here . All that energy , all that enthusiasm and all that self-generated propulsion are about one thing : distracting us from realizing it .
You may wonder if this screen version of the book of the same name is as unfunny and strangely mushy as it seems , but trust your instincts .
If there does n't seem to be enough story here to make a movie , seeing the film 's practiced farceurs at work ca n't help but be amusing . A lot more fun , all things considered , than trying to will yourself through a wall .
The yarn unravels without ever identifying its satirical targets . Is it a lampoon of peace-and-love mysticism ? A critique of militant war-for-profit privateers ? Ultimately , it 's a shapeless wad of goat cheese .
The juxtaposition of Bridges ' tripped-out troops and Iran-Contra-era skullduggery makes for a few easy laughs , but the movie 's satire never grows teeth ; its depiction of the military as obsessive goofballs makes their excesses seem more trivial than dange
The Men Who Stare at Goats does n't stay with you long , but it 's good fun while it lasts .
This is the anti-Hurt Locker experience : Where that Iraq War film was absorbing and deadly serious , The Men Who Stare at Goats is irreverent and lighthearted .
Nagging deficiencies aside , I ca n't deny that I found this to be a fizzy , funny little romp .
The Men Who Stare at Goats has a glorious good time satirizing the extravagant lengths to which the military and intelligence establishments will go if they think there 's a payoff at the other end .
t 's mostly about a chance to see Clooney in agreeable goofball mode . The movie is forgettable , but his demonstration of the psychic-warrior 's `` sparkly eyes '' technique is destined for his appreciation reel .
Neither absurdist enough as a comedy nor trenchant enough as a war satire , this effort elicits a few chuckles but little else .
What had been a slightly quirky satire becomes first a wild comedy , then an impassioned exposé . Taking itself too seriously -LRB- and treating the military as a joke -RRB- , it quickly begins to unravel .
The film may remind some of the low-key and decidedly quirky comedies by the Coen brothers . And not just because George Clooney is one of its featured performers .
You ca n't make this stuff up , but you can botch the telling of it , and that 's what sinks this satiric drama based loosely on a 2004 nonfiction book by London-based journalist Jon Ronson .
It 's ... two-thirds of the way to being awesome . Had Heslov eased back a bit , Goats might 've made it the rest of the way .
Offers just a few moderately amusing moments , and by and large proves curiously flat , despite all the talent on the screen .
`` The Men Who Stare at Goats '' falls into the politically impotent sub-genre of lightweight satire of which `` Charlie Wilson 's War '' and `` The Informant '' are recent touchstones .
The light-heartedness of the movie 's tone goes from pratfall humor to a wrenching depiction of the consequences of foolishness .
It 's hard to resist a satire , even when it wobbles , that insists the most unbelievable parts are the most true .
A quirky and clever movie about the oddball adventures of some psychic spies dedicated to nonlethal combat .
No doubt is aiming for a Catch-22 or Dr. Strangelove ... it feels more like the Mel Gibson/Robert Downey Jr. vehicle Air America .
It 's Clooney who holds this film together with his charismatic personality and inscrutable demeanor . Cassady may be crazy , but there 's enough evidence that he is n't to keep us in suspense .
The closer you look at The Men Who Stare at Goats , the better you see that its shaggy coat is covering some pointed truths .
It 's all amusing and loopy , while also insincere and unfocused . The film mocks rigid militarism and faddish alternative movements both , but it offers few fresh observations about either .
An absurd comedy that borders on genius
Equal parts `` Dr. Strangelove , '' `` Three Kings '' and a Hope/Crosby `` Road '' picture .
The Men Who Stare at Goats has no edge . -LSB- It -RSB- is merely a slight , innocuous diversion . It depends on how tolerant you are of such meanderings as to how much you will enjoy it .
The Men Who Stare at Goats is a premise in wait for a movie -- the pilot episode for a TV series that got canceled before it got cooking .
Here 's a subject that really could have used a Stanley Kubrick or a John Frankenheimer or a Robert Altman . But are there any great cinematic satirists left , auteurs with the knack for black comedy and cold-blooded irony ?
It actually does n't matter if the book is truthful . It does n't claim the paranormal powers are real . Ronson simply says some officials thought they might be -- and that if they were , we had to get there first . The movie is funny either way .
For a movie that searches constantly for a consistent feel , sometimes within the same scene , The Men Who Stare at Goats is remarkably entertaining .
It 's broad and yet realistic , silly and yet never exhuberantly goofy .
Knowing exactly what really happened would be a lot more provocative than what we get : an offbeat jumble that feels like Coen Brothers-lite .
No amount of Clooney mugging or priceless Spacey glowering can fill in the gaps left by this meandering screenplay .
Blithe and teeming with actors having the time of their lives , Goats is a hilarious , freewheeling descent into the abyssal madness of the military machine .
The Men Who Stare at Goats is a magical-realist sitcom war farce that ends up being about nothing but its own slovenly smugness .
There 's not much action in The Men Who Stare at Goats , despite ostensibly being a `` war movie '' -- but then again , that 's about what you 'd expect from a film about a military unit trained to fight with their minds instead of guns . And while the satir
It 's smugness -- unleavened by wit -- that makes Goats so offensive .
Surreal and absurdly satirical , claiming , ` More of this is true than you 'd care to believe . '
Satire is never easy . The promise of this wartime comedy made me pine for classic movies such as Catch-22 and Mash : two savvy armed service send-ups that hit the mark all the way .
The Men Who Stare at Goats is a comedy , and I laughed quite a few times while watching it , but that sobering reality almost makes me want to cry .
This lively satire looks destined for future cult status .
George Clooney dazzles and Jeff Bridges shines in a scattershot but often hilarious military farce .
What 's mildly exasperating is that there is an actual quest involved : The Men Who Stare at Goats goes out to the desert in search of its tone-and never finds it .
In fits and starts , director Heslov captures a lot of the drolly incredulous spirit of the book . It 's just too bad the dots do n't connect better .
A smart satirical comedy .
There are a handful of funny moments -- most of which appear in the trailer -- but overall , this is a film that would have benefited from someone staring at some rewrites .
As an insider , I know that GOATS is not 100 % true , but true enough to enjoy .
Clooney gives it everything , but what does he get in return ? A void where the story is meant to be .
A delicious and funny trip through the powers of the mind ... You could n't ask for a better cast of actors for this offbeat and frequently hilarious tale .
A jokey mess so far from the humane , satirical alchemy of Three Kings that a revocation of the producer-star 's cinematic passport to the land of military-industrial japery seems in order .
This freewheeling war comedy is deeply entertaining due to the crazy-but-believable premise and wonderfully outrageous characters .
Heslov 's directing debut proves that he 's a more skillful writer-producer than helmer : His anti-military satire is narratively and technically shapeless , with half of the text funny and witty and half flat and tedious .
... infused with an unapologetically silly and irreverent sensibility ...
Intended as a farcical antidote to big-screen bores about Afghanistan and Iraq , it 's twice as pompous and endlessly tedious .
An amusing film -LRB- albeit in spurts -RRB- ... -LRB- although -RRB- Armando Iannucci 's In the Loop is a hard act to follow for any politically-tinged comedy .
At once optimistic about what the military could do if it replaced its guns with flowers , and cynical about what the non-believers and opportunists can - and did - do to that dream
It 's highly entertaining , wildly unconventional , and oddly thought provoking .
With material like this , one would have liked a more incisive comedy to materialize around the decline and fall of the New Age movement .
A serendipitous marriage of talent in which all hearts seem to beat as one .
The Men Who Stare At Goats is a light-hearted and highly entertaining antidote to pompous large scale movies about Iraq or Aghanistan .




@highlight

Though The Men Who Stare at Goats is a mostly entertaining , farcical glimpse of men at war , some may find its satire and dark humor less than edgy .