-LSB- An -RSB- unbewitching brew of clichés .
Director Renny Harlin -LRB- `` The Long Kiss Goodnight '' -RRB- phones in this thoughtless teen horror flick from screenwriter J.S. Cardone -LRB- `` The Forsaken '' -RRB- .
This forgettable supernatural-teen thriller is the kind of WB-style soap opera where the characters have names like Chase Collins and Reid Garwin .
It 's a horror film for the MTV generation , a horror film for the audience of `` Laguna Beach '' ...
... this falls well short of the Buffy-level resonances at which -LSB- Harlin -RSB- was presumably aiming .
... yet another brainless , utterly disposable thriller geared exclusively towards teenagers ...
The Covenant looks less like a movie and more like an extended boy band video -- and with about the same amount of depth .
A patently silly supernatural teen drama , in which a bunch of Young Hollywood types flex their abs and aim their perfectly-calibrated glances at each other .
Flying scenes , frat-boy face-offs and pyrotechnic punch-ups are punctuated by excruciating expository dialogue .
Daft but nonetheless enjoyable supernatural thriller , featuring some hilariously bad dialogue , impressive special effects and some genuinely creepy scenes .
Director Renny Harlin helms like a bat out of hell , and obviously does n't know a pentagram from a mammogram .
Utterly stupid and full of lazy plotting and lazier dialogue , this is just idiotic enough to entertain on nights when you want to give your brain a rest .
O máximo que este O Pacto consegue é transformar-se , em seus instantes finais , em uma espécie de Mortal Kombat para imbecis . E , ainda assim , com dificuldade .
It 's not a work of originality and the handheld camerawork gets tedious , but let 's hope the message that power corrupts gets through
I think the men were cast more for their abs than their acting .
Terribly acted , shamelessly unoriginal and executed with little redeeming sense of humour .
`` A truly lacklustre direct-to-video teen thriller filled with corny effects , chiseled jaw stares and a lot of hokum about Salem witchcraft ''
More nonsensical than scary , THE COVENANT conjures a cautionary tale for prep school pretties .
The film is not at all suspenseful or creepy , and the cast was apparently chosen for looks rather than acting ability .
Surely nothing Hollywood did in its darkest , most debauched hour could possibly justify the penance we 're paying that allows Renny Harlin to continue directing movies .
-LSB- A -RSB- muddled and most unmagical offering .
With just a little more effort , The Covenant could have been a classic example of a movie so bad that it 's actually good . Sadly , it does n't even achieve that .
There are worse things for a horror-thriller about supernatural high-schoolers to not be . Like not scary . Or not thrilling . Or not as entertaining as an episode of Charmed .
does n't move in any direction and instead wanders without much aim at all
I would not encourage you to waste your money on this one .
With its barely-distinguishable teen-model cast and earnestness , it comes off like an overlong episode of a WB series that never got off the ground .
There is not a scary scene in the whole movie .
The idiocy and sheer laziness of the whole concept ought to be the sort of thing director Renny Harlin -LRB- Deep Blue Sea -RRB- could make into glorious cinematic cheese ... but he 's hamstrung
WB-style homoerotic teen escapism .
It 's as if the WB took Harry Potter and turned it into Five Hot Underwear Models Go Back to High School and Do Magic ...
Here 's a sort of `` The Craft '' with males at its center .
This supernatural story does n't muster much horror , much less tap into the thriller aspect .
This is cobbled-together teenybopper tripe about feuding male witches with nothing to offer but classic bad dialogue .
Rejoice : it 's a little like a cross between The Lost Boys and Zapped ! .
The Covenant is just a copycat .
Movies like this are why we have eyelids .
No one has bothered to develop a coherent story or remotely likable characters to sustain the CGI effects , ear-splitting music , and hyperactive editing .
Anyone with half a brain is not this movie 's target audience .
This inane film is definitely a wayward canine in need of an animal-control officer .
The Covenant is highly derivative , lazily shot and jaggedly edited . It 's yet another example of how Renny Harlin has become the very model of a modern major hack .
... a supernatural teen drama that would n't be so bad if you did n't have to pay good money to see it .
nothing more than a bunch of Abercrombie and Fitch models and some special effects .
-LSB- An -RSB- eardrum-punishing , uninspired composite of X-Men and the Harry Potter series ...
The Covenant has excellent special effects -LRB- spiders and specters , oh my ! -RRB- , but it is strikingly lacking in suspense .
... as chilling as a steam shower .
... if this mild teen thriller were a cigarette , it would be a Salem light .
It 's super lame .
... profoundly mediocre ...
The Covenant is a terrible movie , a bucket of water on the teen-witch genre .
... Covenant is devoid of any real scares .
This sort of thing might work as a desperation rental -- like if you 've been injected with poison and must keep watching incredibly lame movies or die ...
... one hopes , perhaps naively , that there 'd be some kind of message amid the special effects and nubile bodies .
All that 's truly scary about The Covenant are the words that appear before the title : ` A Renny Harlin Film . '
This sophomoric supernatural stinker could n't put a convincing spell on a disabled frog . The Covenant has all the intriguing mysticism of a bent magic wand .
Whoops ! A schlocky direct-to-video thriller accidentally got released into theaters !
The latest from a generation of filmmakers whose influence stems primarily from WB sitcom aesthetics and PlayStation videogame storylines , The Covenant falls into theaters like a fashion magazine adapted to the screen .
Limitless powers , and all we get are some spiders , some Blobs , and some supernatural hair gel .
None of them can act worth a lick , but all of them would be perfect for an Abercrombie & Fitch catalogue .
It fails utterly as a horror picture , although it delivers plenty of PG-13-rated flesh and unintentional laughs .
It 's all furiously supercilious idiotic fluff , and maybe I was just in a freakishly forgiving mood when I saw it but for some insane reason I found The Covenant to be gloriously kitschy B-movie entertainment .
Essentially , Covenant is about young , wet , ` CW ' ready underwear models running around hurling ` magical ' gelatin blobs at each other while they compete for screen time with their own abs .
... a diluted remix of Lost Boys .
The Covenant virtually resets the bar for mediocrity in horror thrillers .
-LSB- Harlin -RSB- still can stage a decent super-natural battle royale . But he could n't scare a mouse . Nor does The Covenant .
A guys-for-girls version of Charmed . It 's sad indeed when one 's making movies that would n't even have passed muster on a network that no longer exists .
Cleverly takes the lure of illegal drugs and links it to super powers .
Moviegoers need to band together for a covenant -- stop buying tickets to Renny Harlin movies .
it 's really nothing more than really bad dialogue spoken by some of the most beautiful kids in Hollywood who ca n't act their way out of a paper bag
Where do WB pilots go when they die ? Perhaps they 're reincarnated as lousy supernatural thrillers .





@highlight

The Covenant plays out like a teen soap opera , full of pretty faces , wooden acting , laughable dialogue , and little suspense .