`` The reality of love 's disappointments enriches the film 's heroine , who never married in real life , and brings a 200-year-old figure into living focus . ''
With a spot-on accent and altogether charming performance , Hathaway makes another convincing statement that she has grown , as a woman and as an actress .
Director Julian Jarrold -LRB- Kinky Boots -RRB- struck a unique and lovely tone , managing to maintain a conventional Merchant-Ivory type look but successfully infusing it with some rather modern humor -- Hathaway and McAvoy verbally sparring like an 18th century Trac
without a pretext and knowledge of the classic author , much of the richness of this movie got lost
Even though it looked great and was moderately engaging , something was also always missing .
... there 's a feeling with Becoming Jane that we have seen it all before ... . Many times .
A dull exercise in deconstructing Jane Austen 's life to provide a life experience basis for her novels .
A witty , winning Austen bio for tweens and older .
An den to ` heis barethei -LSB- to story -RSB- tis alles ena ekatommyrio enniakosies peninta ennia hiliades triakosies eikosi dyo fores poy to ` heis ksanadei -LRB- i , an den to ` heis ksanadei -RRB- , magkia soy kai kali diaskedasi , prodomenos de tha bgeis .
You 'll enjoy it if you 're the artistic , romantic type who can be seated for 120 minutes without CGI or anything getting blown up .
Jane Austen did not live the life of Elizabeth Bennett , but even if she had , there was no reason to be this bland in presenting it .
An enjoyable appetizer , albeit for a meal that one could argue already has far too many courses .
The squeaky clean love story of Jane Austen fails to make hay of either women 's liberation or the miracle of creative writing , sticking to lush estates and courtly costume finery instead
Fails to capture either the sprightly spirit and poignant pathos of its subject 's famous works .
Becoming Jane takes a stab at being a historical romance in the vein of Shakespeare in Love , but something key is missing .
Anne Hathaway does a perfectly acceptable , enchanting job of playing Jane .
A smart film about manners , money and marriage , `` Becoming Jane '' offers a fictional glimpse at the all-too-brief life of author Jane Austen .
Captures that certain romantic Jane Austen-esque spirit .
The sole pleasure I got was in gazing at the fancy costumes and taking in the lush grounds of the snobby Lady Gresham 's estate .
Becoming Jane may fudge the facts , but it finds the more compelling emotional truth .
There 's something refreshingly spare and rough-hewn about this big-screen experience .
If you 're a Jane Austen fan , your sense and sensibility will demand you check this out .
The central idea in Becoming Jane is that `` Pride and Prejudice '' may have been autobiographical . Not a bad idea , except that the film plays more like a new adaptation of that book than as an outright examination of Austen 's inspiration .
... it seems uncharitable to deny poor Jane Austen this chaste , hypothetical affair
The film 's romantic conventions are not nearly so bright or inspiring as what Austen became , in her own words .
Take Jane out of the equation -- replace her with any of your basic period-piece-romantic-costume-drama heroines -- and you 're left with mere trifle .
While Becoming Jane is too much of a prologue to the writing Austen , it is an impeccably crafted imagining of a young woman seeking love at a time when women were so often ` better than their circumstances . '
Not only is that a huge stretch of the facts , it makes for a dull and overly familiar melodrama .
Mostly just a second-rate Jane Austen story .
Think of this scenario as a smart , witty , well-acted romance novel that has sprung to life on the big screen with some restraint and a decent amount of dignity .
Hathaway never makes us think the woman could write anything more complex than a diet book .
Taken as speculative fiction , it is thoroughly satisfying .
Early on , a character remarks that `` Wit is the most treacherous talent of all '' and based on the evidence contained within , the minds behind `` Becoming Jane '' are among the least treacherous people that you are likely to meet .
This never rises above a date movie , but it 's functionally literate -LRB- the lovers have some pleasant banter about the realistic merits of Tom Jones -RRB- and features a fine supporting turn from Ian Richardson .
Hathaway delivers a fine British accent and high spirits as Austen .
Although the film does eventually give up its referential conceits , it comes far too late in the game to salvage any real emotional investment in the characters or their plight .
Becoming Jane becomes a rather ordinary , though sporadically entertaining , game of dress-up .
Becoming Jane attempts to please the purists and the dreamers , but only results in disappointing both .
Thank goodness there was a man around to stimulate Jane 's creativity ! Such is this film 's retrograde premise ...
If only Jane 's fictional life had half the wit as what she put on the page .
That the film overlooks Austen 's imagination becomes understandable when `` Becoming Jane '' reveals itself to be a rather unimaginative second-rate copy of a Jane Austen novel .
... a diverting game of spot-the-reference ...
A smart and well-acted drama that is a refreshing change of pace from this summer 's overblown blockbusters .
Austen comes off here more as stenographer than writer .
The film 's familiarity is pleasant enough , and screenwriters Sarah Williams and Kevin Hood flaunt a strong working knowledge of Austen 's work , peppering the movie with what amounts to inside jokes for readers familiar with the writer 's six novels .
An evocative portrait of an artistic temperament in defiance of propriety and of how , when such things are repressed , passion and personality are revealed in acts of private ritual and public performance .
Utilizing a lovely British accent and a graceful way with words , Hathaway communicates Austen 's predicament beautifully . When she was creating her immortal heroines ... the real Jane Austen must have pictured someone like Hathaway .
Empty , empty-headed , anf full of cliches . Do n't expect Austen brilliance from this pedestrian film .
Anne Hathaway concludes the thorough evolution from Disney princess to serious actress . With commanding wit and a deft British accent , she 's more than convincing as a wickedly intelligent woman restricted by proper society .
The film 's notion of Austen 's great works being nothing loftier than the result of failed puppy love suggests the filmmakers perversely believe that gross oversimplification is a virtue .
An agreeable period romp , missing the spark of the high-end Austen adaptations but firmly in command of its own romantic devices .
The movie goes down easy , but there 's a thin line here : is this an homage or a parasite ?
After approximately fifteen minutes into the film , however , I forgot about the accent and realized that Anne 's exuberance and dramatic range are fitting for this portrayal of the celebrated literary figure .
... more ` chick flick ' than recent Oscar-nom ` ed Austen adaptations , but it 's cut from more or less the same cloth , albeit less durable .
Clearly embraces the spirit of the beloved novelist .
Once you admit that the Jane Austen depicted onscreen bears scant relation to any person named Jane Austen , living or dead , the film fulfills its purpose .
Becoming Jane is n't purposefully cynical but if you stop to consider it , it rather undermines Austen 's great talent .
-LSB- C -RSB- aptures both the aching romanticism and the cold , hard practicalities of Austen 's fiction ...
Neither the best nor the worst of the Jane Austen adaptations . However , nor is it likely to be remembered for very long after it passes across your eyes .
One can only hope that Becoming Jane will inspire moviegoers to find out more about this beloved literary great . Or hopefully revisit one of her classic novels .
... drops the ball almost immediately by emphasizing some seriously hackneyed plot twists and an overall atmosphere of predictability ...
Hathaway and McAvoy bring some genuine , if discreet , sparks to their secret romance , but there 's something fundamentally lifeless about director Julian Jarrold 's shallow gloss on Pride and Prejudice .
-LSB- McAvoy -RSB- and Hathaway simply are n't given much to do together , and they have two long hours to do it in . Screenwriters Kevin Hood and Sarah Williams seem reluctant to risk the ire of Austenites .
The movie has an immense charm that sneaks up on you . Ultimately , it 's a delicate ode to love and honor -- and to writing and reading .
There 's a lot to recommend Becoming Jane , particularly the performances . Hathaway does more than survive . If she does n't seem like a literary genius , she at least seems like a worthy Austen heroine -- intelligent , independent and brave .
Hathaway and McAvoy are appealing , but bland . The scenes that hark back to Pride and Prejudice are not so much evocative as hackneyed . It is all very pleasant , but it is also a bit of a bore .
-LSB- McAvoy is -RSB- perfectly fine as the prickly metropolitan exiled to the provinces after a dust-up at a London law school .
Becoming Jane is one of those perfectly charming and well put together motion pictures I desperately want to like more than I actually do .
Hathaway is too good an actress not to deliver more than just a grand star turn and she 's able to carry the story of Austen 's .
The film is still charming enough , both for its performances and its lovely look at Jane Austen 's most devoted suitor of all -- a pristine page , begging her attention , wanting nothing but her words .
Unlike an Austen story , Becoming Jane does n't suffer from a predictable third act , and the characters are n't quite so schematic .
We ca n't quite shake the feeling we 've seen this all done before , and better .
Ponderous , despite a couple of nice performances .
The story is touching , the dialogue clever , the cast is great and the period detail is impressive .
The film seduces . Beautifully produced , from production design and costumes to music and performances , it 's also faithful to the genteel spirit and repressed passions for which she 's known .
Explains Austen 's art simply and neatly : too simply , in fact , to do justice to such a brilliant observer of social manners and hypocrisies and weaver of complex , romantic moral tales .
This ` have n't we seen this before ? ' sensibility is anything but a downside . It 's the draw of director Julian Jarrold 's good-looking , entirely pleasant revel .
You have to be patient with the movie , but the payoff is good .
The director , Julian Jarrold , is comfortable with the material , and it is comfortable with him .
Deeply pleasing in a connect-the-literary-dots manner .
This limp late-18th-century doodle sullies our memories of Austen 's books and warps our impressions of the writer with pedestrian comedy-drama .
A totally enchanting costume drama about Jane Austen 's yearning for love and a place in the literary world dominated by men .
It 's a charming , peaceful picture ; a perfect diversion for those who like their corsets tight and confining and their romance kept behind a fence of social judgment and impossible odds .
Contrived and hokey where Austen 's work is effortless and romantic ...
A triumph for Anne Hathaway , who brings to the young Jane the same jittery wide-eyed intensity she displayed in The Devil Wears Prada along with a secure British accent . She and Mr. McAvoy inject a keen intelligence into the couple 's verbal jousts .
The story quickly slips into Austen formula .
Writers Hood and Williams conjure up a plot worthy of Ms. Austen herself , using Austen 's real-life brothers and sisters for scandalous and tragic romantic subplots .
A painful experience for anyone who gets easily annoyed by the formulaic nature of Austen 's writing .
One can appreciate ` Becoming Jane ' without knowing anything about the writings of Jane Austen or the speculation about her hidden life .
The mixing of vague historical anecdote and pure Hollywood fantasy do n't quite mix .
The filmmakers clearly respect Austen . So why present her as a mere stenographer , dutifully taking dictation from the world around her ?
Dilutes one of the loveliest voices in English literature into chick lit .
the cinematic equivalent of a nice retirement facility
The movie is eminently watchable : The production values are blue-chip , the script is often funny and cute , Hathaway is reasonably charming .
Was Austen really a smarter , feistier Carrie Bradshaw in more sensible shoes , longing for love even as she failed to hang onto it ? Becoming Jane would have been more honest if it had been called No Sex in the Country .
Short on emotion .
Becoming Jane has its felicities ... McAvoy and Hathaway work well together despite being saddled with dialogue that is not remotely in Austen 's league . But then again , what is ?
-LSB- A -RSB- moderately engaging pseudo-Brit-lit piffle .
After the invigorating cinematic brio of 2005 's Pride And Prejudice , it 's disheartening to see the Austen brand retreat back into Costume Drama 101 ...
The script 's lively , modern points of departure give it a few surprises .
... a beautifully directed film from Julian Jarrold that draws as much strength from the depiction of the 18th-century English countryside -LRB- Ireland , actually -RRB- as from the performances of Anne Hathaway as Austen and James McAvoy as Tom Lefroy .
. McAvoy shines in the role of a good-hearted rogue , and director Julian Jarrold -LRB- `` Kinky Boots '' -RRB- depicts 18th-century England with a convincing less-is-more approach .
Has a burnished feminine sadness , and the director , Julian Jarrold , gives it a creamy-dark visual flow .
For realism 's sake , Jarrold checks in with the usual muddy hems , misty green fields and chickens clucking underfoot . And if youâ -LRB- TM -RRB- re an Austen reader you can have an okay time just playing I-Spy Pride and Prejudice ...
Inevitably exudes a kind of hand-me-down quality , the feeling of being a second-rate copy instead of a true original , at once too clever and not clever enough .
For people who do n't know the rules of cricket or concern themselves with the romantic problems of the upper class , Becoming Jane is far from a classic .
If Becoming Jane is a little light in the head , it gives Anne Hathaway a chance to show herself off more delightfully than she did in The Devil Wears Prada .
Lay back and do n't think of England -- or Austen -- is the best advice I can give for prospective viewers of Becoming Jane .
A charming period romance which casts Jane Austen as a budding young authoress stifled by the pride and prejudice of her time .
Unfortunately , lead actress Anne Hathaway is not suited to the role . Her Jane does n't seem like the main character in her own story .
Slow , boring , and I still know nothing about the real Jane Austen .
Becoming Jane is not as good as the best Austen films , but is much better than most mainstream movies on tap .
Unless you have something new to say do n't say it all . Lesson learned from yet another Jane Austen re-tread that trots out its tired themes with 18th century goodness .
It 's a bland , stilted , stuffy costume drama masquerading as a chick flick .
Not to put too fine a point on it , but this movie throws like a girl .
The tender emotion , delicacy of feeling and above all brilliant inspired flashes of brash female wit , render the truth or exaggeration of the tale simply secondary .
It 's worse than male fantasy : It 's Austen for Idiots .
What I witnessed was corporate greed : a savvy team zeroing in on an audience that goes gaga for the English costume drama , hoping to cash in on the popularity of young Hathaway after the enormous success of The Devil Wears Prada .
Anne Hathaway has learned to ease up on the mugging and let us come to her . She 's no Jane Austen , but she 's got the gumption of an Austen heroine .
Another bland , passionless costume drama as stuffy and oxygen-depriving as its corsets .
It 's all very spirited without getting anywhere near the spirit of Austen herself -- at least as we know her from her work .
About 20 minutes in , you realise you 're actually quite enjoying this ; and , horror of horrors , Anne Hathaway 's actually doing a rather good job at this Regency lark .
The style of Masterpiece Thetaer is applied to this reimagining of the making of writer Jane Austen , which will upset purists due to its liberties with Austen 's real background .
While there is little that is fresh in this costume drama , it is well done and Anne Hathaway makes a delightful Jane , who is unafraid to defy convention .
It 's a good-looking film .
A finely tooled Brit-lit costumer that , like Anne Hathaway 's flawless accent as the young Austen , lacks only that final convincing 5 % .
The very idea of Jane Austen with a broken heart may be thought vulgar and pedantic by her modern readers , and the way the story pans out is not convincing .
The supporting cast are all terrific , as are the Irish locations .
Think Austen In Amour , à la Shakespeare In Love . A warm , charming , bittersweet romance - destined to make a thousand dates .
Austen 's fans will recognise something of the author 's playful wit in the film , and forgive the dramatic liberties .
Despite the fact that this is a beautifully-shot , dryly funny period drama , some audiences might prefer to stick to the sheer escapism of Austen 's fictional work , which follows a similar formula .
A charming , intriguing biopic , given extra depth and sparkle by attractive performances from its superior cast .
Something of a disappointment , thanks to some dreary photography and a boring , unimaginative script that completely wastes a talented supporting cast .
It 's a classy package , all right - just missing the extra spark .
Another British writer is given the worthy cinematic treatment , complete with an American actress in the title role and sentiment that overwhelms what should be a gritty story .
Thanks to the combined charm of the leads , this remains a most agreeable cinematic portrait .




@highlight

Although Becoming Jane is a well-crafted period piece , it lacks fresh insight into the life and works of Jane Austen . The film focuses too much on wardrobe and not enough on Austen 's achievements .