What 's that noise ? It 's the Metafiction Police coming to arrest this over-ambitious , pompous jiggery-pokery .
The question is if he realizes he more or less admitted to being a sociopath who remorselessly exploits the pain of those around him for the sake of drama .
A pretentious wreck of a movie that severely tests the patience .
Third Person has a number of distinct themes at work , manifested through characters and plots that are a mixed bag of believable and baffling .
When we reach our finale you ca n't help but feel somewhat detached and uninvolved in this title .
Third Person suffers from a script that fails to hook you in during its opening section and drags on without sufficient emotional connection for 137 minutes .
-LSB- A -RSB- multi-stranded slice of phoney-baloney , manipulative claptrap .
Haggis tips his hand too obviously while delivering his narrative sleights and feints , and he piles on the symbolism rather blatantly , too , but his actors are so compelling that the film 's individual scenes mostly come off .
This handsome looking film feels old-fashioned and stodgy .
In its lesser moments , the film seems as banal and manipulative as any afternoon TV soap . Another way of looking at the film is as Haggis 's own very idiosyncratic and intimate essay .
What is it with Paul Haggis ? Has he forgotten how to tell a simple story ?
What does it all mean ? Not very much , I suspect , with the cast sombrely delivering lines about trust and frailty while starring broodily into the middle distance .
The larger edifice feels distinctly jerry-built and , sure enough , when nudged sharply in the final scenes it comes crashing disastrously about the director 's ears .
By the closing credits you too will share the characters ' grief , solemnly mourning 137 minutes you 'll never get back . Insufferable .
Unsurprisingly , the stores come together in a hurried final stretch ... but you really rather wish they 'd never started .
It 's a deeply dubious luxury-tourist fantasy about parallel lives in various foreign hotel rooms , and it shows a very strange need to punish and humiliate its female characters .
An interminable illusive boondoggle with clunky turns and a flat , uninspiring reveal .
It 's couture misery : dress by Valentino , watch by Breitling , lingering sexual regrets model 's own .
If Crash set your teeth on edge , book in at the dentist 's before seeing this one .
Everything gets just too damn convoluted for its own good , and it 's hard to care what becomes of Haggis ' characters as they 're shifted around .
Avoid at all costs .
There are moments when this three-strand drama almost ascends to the emotional resonance of writer-director Paul Haggis ' Oscar-winning 2004 movie Crash .
As taken as I was with the first three quarters of the movie , by the end I felt like throwing something at the screen . Or rather , at the tiny man behind the screen : Haggis , the great and terrible .
` Third Person ' takes place in New York , Paris and Rome , but what it offers moviegoers is a trip to Dullsville .
The stories on their own are compelling enough , and the ridiculously stacked cast has an otherwise solid screenplay to work with .
Here is another example of how multiple stories can mystify and challenge you while one story might be written off as too simple .
The tasteful austerity of style and solid performances ca n't overcome a script that largely stands between emotional humanity and the viewer .
Haggis is making a very personal artistic statement , and had break down any walls of hesitation or fear of critical acceptance in order to proceed . He may have lost perspective in the process .
2014 is barely past its midpoint , but , my friends , we have a winner : Paul Haggis ' latest is a lock for worst movie of the year . It 's a crashing bore with the tagline `` Watch Me . '' Do n't .
A glorious failure -- and one that 's beautifully produced and acted . More than that , however , it 's a bold film and an idiosyncratic work of great ambition and personal integrity .
Puzzling and implausibly fractious , it requires interminable patience and forgiveness .
Third Person ' echoes writer-director Paul Haggis ' Oscar-winning `` Crash '' ─ weakly .
`` Third Person '' is such a solipsistic , navel-gazing creation that it seems to have barely made it out of Haggis ' mind and onto the screen .
When you cast Liam Neeson as your on-screen avatar , you 're not exactly raking yourself over the coals .
My advice is to go with someone whose opinion you respect ; you might not like it , but you 're sure to have a lively discussion .
Even if the story begins to melt into itself , at the end it 's still fascinating to watch Haggis move his players .
It 's all , I 'm sorry to say , a melodramatic slog .
A drab drama that goes nowhere despite solid cast .
I keep rooting for an Olivia Wilde breakout - Drinking Buddies was close - but she seems to always be a bright spot in a mediocre project
The dreary `` Third Person '' could also legitimately be called `` Help , I 'm Trapped in a Literary Conceit . ''
`` Third Person '' does n't lack for ambition , and it 's nice to see Neeson in the kind of role that he excelled at before he morphed into an action star . But the film may have some folks wishing they 'd bought a ticket to `` Transformers 4 '' instead .
Even when Haggis seems to acknowledge that he actually has nothing to say , he does so in the most obnoxious , smug way he can .
Yet another tedious Paul Haggis hyperlink drama .
Trust is essential to any love relationship , writer-director Paul Haggis wants us to know , though he trusts us so little to grasp this theme ourselves that he makes his alter ego here , a world-weary novelist played by Liam Neeson , spell it out .
Haggis is not a subtle filmmaker . He leaves no agency for the audience , and his facile construction of this story is condescending at best .
Plumbing emotional depths , Haggis turns the characters ' tribulations onto the viewer : If white is the color of trust -- as Neeson 's author writes -- are n't we all a little gray ?
It makes sense that these people all seem puzzled . They 're pieces .
Third Person falls into a kind of fugue state . The lines between characters become blurred , their respective losses and heartbreaks dissolving into a melancholy vapor . Or vapidity . Take your pick .
`` Third Person '' staggers well over the two-hour mark only to self-destruct in a burst of overwrought cleverness .
The look of the film is gorgeous , the actors inhabit their roles convincingly , and its artistic aims are higher than most . Still , I ca n't endorse the self-consciously clever result .
One of those imperfect films that 's nevertheless more intriguing than conventionally stronger but less challenging ones .
`` Third Person '' makes a valiant attempt at being a continuation of Haggis ' love for storytelling and multi-layering , but it falls flat -- not having the panache necessary to keep it compelling .
The latest Paul Haggis feature aims to be mysterious and enigmatic , but is instead a disjointed mess , hampered by a confounding ending that cheats the audience of any sort of satisfying emotional resolution .
Though Haggis has crafted an ambitious tale , it is way too complicated and convoluted .
Despite the presence of fine actors doing fine work , THIRD PERSON is an absolute mess .
I appreciate Haggis ' body of work , but in this case , his vision may have gotten in the way of his perspective .
-LSB- T -RSB- he screenplay hides vital information until it is far too late for the story to actually do anything with the information .
`` Third Person '' aims to be singular , but winds up being hoist on its own conceit : Fiction may not be real , but we 're still supposed to believe at least a word of it .
Haggis has assembled a Grade-A cast with stars who bring their characters to gritty , honest life on the screen . But they are stuck inside a story that eventually experiences a Crash under its heavy-handed , overthought structure .
`` Third Person '' is Paul Haggis ' best movie , and the one he has been building toward for years .
Writer-director Paul Haggis ' exasperating multistory drama about how hard it is for a nice , quiet , sensitive guy to be left alone to write an exasperating multistory drama .
Emotional finger-painting .
The plot is disjointed , the dialogue is clumsy , and some of the acting is sub-par -LRB- ... -RRB- yet I wanted to know the film 's outcome .
Haggis has written and directed better films than `` Third Person , '' and I bet he 'll make even better ones in the future .
Just as you 're engrossed in one drama , you 're whipped across the globe to another , and even with three plots at work , each plods at an excruciatingly slow pace .
Another drama-orama that , like Crash , piles up stories that are n't all that much worth telling in the first place .
It is excruciating , obliterating you with overwrought platitudes and phony sincerity to the point where it starts to feel like a prison sentence .
It 's not so much that Paul Haggis is a bad filmmaker but that his talents seem so unsuited to what he apparently wants to do .
Does Haggis actually believe that this pretentious , simplistic film has any substance ? An overwrought , vapid three-strand story , each thread more banal than the last .
The gimmick overwhelms the telling , causing us to expend too much energy into figuring out the connections between the characters instead of simply being drawn into their predicaments and empathizing with them .
It gets too clever - perhaps a sign of those 20 , or 50 , endlessly tweaked different drafts .
The sense that the director has written himself into all this moodiness only adds to the silliness .
The muddled concept is forced to the point of breaking , the writing overheated and the story arc grimly perplexing .
`` Third Person '' maddens far more than it intrigues . Indeed , more curious than anything about the movie itself is how such an artistic stumble happened .
By the time we 're done taking in the sights and Haggis finally coughs up his third-act puzzle-box twist , it comes off as a big metaphysical So What .
Almost everything in it - including every mannered look on the faces of the hard-working actors - brings about a cringe .
The storytelling is infuriatingly coy , as if Mr. Haggis were trying to fool you -LRB- and himself -RRB- into thinking that he has something to say .
If the film did n't take its own intended profundity so seriously , it might get a pass .
Three intimate dramas that test our beliefs and attitudes about trust .
The movie is based on a fundamental miscalculation-that our desire to penetrate its mysteries will trump our need for people to care about .
Haggis ' ambition is admirable , especially without the cushion of ironic detachment . But what 's on screen is a meandering mess , more satisfying to dissect in retrospect than to live with in the moment .
... a big stew of the things Haggis does well and the things neither he nor anyone should ever do .
Clumsy and contrived , the film never manages to connect the dots in a trio of stories set in three different cities , and I had to pinch myself to keep from falling asleep .
As with Crash , the individual stories bring a great deal of passion and pain to the table , but the crossovers turn the entire thing into an exercise in empty , wallowing bathos .
Haggis has tackled his own penchant for heavy-handedness with a typically heavy hand . Those who groaned through Crash will find plenty to groan about here , too .
His cast is terrific but it 's embarrassing to watch them embrace Haggis ' screaming nonsense , like walking in on Laurence Olivier in the bathroom
`` Third Person '' has nothing to say and spends 2 1/2 hours not saying it .
Third Person is the kind of eccentric and emotionally exhausting movie whose ardent sincerity remains in memory after smoother , more conventional works have passed into oblivion .
This really is one of the dark-horse pictures of the year . Its deepest feelings are for narrative puzzle and its solutions , so it is some way from the blunt emotional impact usually associated with movie success . See it once ; see it twice .
If the glue holding Crash 's arcs together was Paul Haggis 's belief in the power of racism , this time it 's love .
Those looking for something closer to a European film than the dramas we normally get from American filmmakers , should appreciate the cinematic experience Haggis has created .
The narrative pileup feels like a game of Indiewood channel surfing , toggling between several mediocre options .
Ambitious , sometimes perplexing , but never less than involving ... the same mysterious quality of the European films of the 1960s that impacted American films in the 1970s .
It 's a nifty construction - three parallel and sometimes interlocking love stories , each of them tricky in themselves - and even if you see some of its twists coming , you wo n't see all of them .
Writer-director Paul Haggis ' new film will most likely screen soon on long airline flights : perfect for a movie where you sometimes do n't know where you are , and with so many plot ellipses you need n't worry if you missed something while in the loo .
Well-played and reasonably well-written melodrama with no clear exit strategy .
An excellent ensemble cast , led by Liam Neeson , Adrien Brody , Mila Kunis and James Franco does n't disappoint , though they struggle to keep things afloat over a running time of more than two hours .
Haggis has a tendency to overstate his themes whilst simultaneously overcomplicating his stories for the sake of complication .
Though virtually every twist on this emotional roller coaster feels preordained by its architect , the director leaves certain mysteries for the audience to interpret , making for a more open-ended and mature work all around .
Third Person is an audacious failure , one that even its starry cast ca n't save . With a trite script , and an even more glib thematic undercurrent , Third Person is nothing short of an outright embarrassment .
A staggering failure .
Third Person is a work of staggering trash ; an ensemble drama with the aesthetic of an in-flight magazine , but less classy writing .

@highlight

Third Person finds writer-director Paul Haggis working with a stellar cast and a worthy premise ; unfortunately , he fails to fashion a consistently compelling movie out of the intriguing ingredients at his disposal .