I 'm Still Here is incredibly self indulgent and pointless . As a piece it is not funny , and simply put , it 's just painful to watch and offers very little .
Joaquin gets the last laugh on us all . But the movie 's a mess .
As a defeated Phoenix cleanses himself in the waters of Panama at the movie 's climax , ultimately you 're left asking the same question you were wondering when you went in : why should I care ?
Is I 'm Still Here an art film ? Post-verité ? Social satire ? A big '' **** you '' to Hollywood ? Disturbing ? Hard to sit through ? Oh yeah .
-LSB- A -RSB- disaster , a bratty , self-indulgent demand to be paid attention to , complete with the expectation that it will be paid attention to , because celebrity simply really is that irresistible no matter what it 's doing ...
If what 's happening in the film is honest and real , it 's more spectacle than introspection . If it 's all fake , only the filmmakers are laughing .
This movie has to be seen to be simultaneously believed and disbelieved .
By the end of the film , I was hoping it was a fake . If real , it would reveal a famous person who should not be celebrated .
An ugly and disturbing deconstruction of self-destruction and emptiness .
Phoenix and Affleck are n't merely concerned with teaching everyone a lesson -- that would be cheap . They offer us an opportunity to step through the looking glass and see the human being that sits behind the famous personality .
If Phoenix and Affleck are engaged in an extended performance-art piece , their message ? that America?s celebrity culture is empty and soul-crushing ? isn?t anything that hasn?t been said before .
A clever stunt that shrewdly wrestles with issues of fame , truth and self .
Taken as satire , where Phoenix is the Trickster , I 'm Still Here is a rare piece of provocation cinema , infiltrating the mainstream and casting an ugly light on a torrid , superficial society .
Phoenix needs a hug . And a Bowflex .
Casy Affleck is trying to claim that I 'm Still Here is ` gonzo film-making ' . And I 'm right with him on that point . It DOES look like it was made by a muppet .
... it took something like courage to make it , and it has some ofthe same iconoclastic power of punk rock , with the same edge of sneering cynicism ballasted by a canny sense of the market .
I do n't get it .
What Affleck and Phoenix have attempted is more than a film . I 'm Still Here chronicles a two-year performance-art piece that 's bold and , just maybe , brilliant .
I 'm Still Here 's gruelling faux-doc assemblage loses its charm after about 40 minutes .
Why leave all that wreckage in their path if there 's no real point ; no insightful takeaway ?
Neither a verite portrait of an actor in decline , nor simply a hoax , but instead a diverting piece of Method-inspired performance art .
And if it 's all an act , some kind of meta-commentary on celebrity and public life ? In that case , it 's just boring .
Self-indulgent ? Definitely . Funny ? Mostly . Real ? It actually does n't matter .
The result is intriguing , fitfully amusing and terribly sad because if the story was for real then it has left Phoenix a laughing stock and a broken man .
The truth does n't hurt . Despite the fact we now know that Phoenix has n't lost the plot , I 'm Still Here is still an amazing piece of cinema .
Affleck 's meta-satire riffs amusingly on celebrity culture without hitting too many faux-doc highs .
A bizarre documentary that proves seeing is not necessarily believing .
Not entertaining at all , regardless of whether you believe it or not . It comes across as a bunch of talentless high school kids making a home-grown version of Jackass
No doubt what we witness is a performance for the camera , but with what motivation ? Or is the hoax a hoax ?
The revelation the whole thing was a sham can not repair the damage Joaquin Phoenix has done to a once-promising career . I 'm Still Here is a practical joke , and not a very good one , either in conception or execution .
Dear The Academy Awards , please give Joaquin Phoenix and Casey Affleck their Oscars now please . One of the most riveting pieces of entertainment this year !
Maybe `` I 'm Still Here '' tells the truth , in the sense that it shows us Phoenix 's unhappy personal view of the life behind the velvet rope that he 's rejected .
Is this cinema verite or a satire of celebrity self-regard ? If this is ` Borat ' in extremis , is its portrait of an artist in anguish any less legitimate ? Ultimately , the film is more interesting to discuss than to watch .
It 's one thing to pull off a hoax ; it 's quite another to transform the fakery into authentic entertainment .
I 'm Still Here is amateurishly shot and edited , as if ineptness equaled some higher level of veracity . Ironically , it 's the only Joaquin Phoenix movie anyone has cared about in years .
Joaquin Phoenix gives the performance of a lifetime . Funny , tragic , compulsive and utterly one of a kind , you must see this film .
Casey Affleck 's I 'm Still Here is , in and of itself , the perfect metaphor for the cult of celebrity - alternately compelling , repugnant , fuelled by pretension and ego and fake as a $ 3 bill .
It is an astonishing film -- hilarious , revealing and , at times , genuinely shocking .
The joke may yet be on us , but for now Affleck has delivered one of the most riveting yet virtually unwatchable documentaries you are ever likely to see .
Although there are n't enough entertaining highlights to see us through the many dull spots , the film 's sheer curiosity value keeps it queasily fascinating .
Whatever the truth , Affleck 's film makes for a sharp critique of celebrity culture , as vicious vloggers lead a tirade of abuse against Phoenix , only serving to increase his angst .
He 'll probably never be able to top this performance , so if it 's all true and Phoenix is really and truly a washed-up drunk with delusions of grandeur , this should rightly be his swan song . Way to go .
The focus always returns to Phoenix , until he turns his back to camera , submerges and literally disappears . Not a moment too soon .
There 's a kind of genius to the whole affair , which is a good thing , because there 's no trace of genius about the film itself , which is coarse and amateurish .
Although skillfully overhyped , this asinine exercise is little more than a way for Affleck and Phoenix to write off blow and hookers .
It raises some interesting questions about celebrity privilege and categorization .
A comedy that 's toe-curlingly funny and stingingly bittersweet .
As director Casey Affleck does a brilliantly invisible job . We barely even think `` fly on the wall '' ; we assume there are no walls .
If you like watching movie stars embarrass themselves for your amusement and for no point whatsoever , I 'm Still Here is not a bad way to go .
If the film had been released as fiction , it would been greeted as a raw and revealing slice of Hollywood 's underside . But Phoenix would n't have enjoyed himself nearly as much .
As directed by actor Casey Affleck -- also the subject 's brother-in-law -- I 'm Still Here is an unreliable , yet undeniably unique portrait of Phoenix burning his celebrity to cinders .
The film is shapeless in a way that suggests Affleck and his editing team is making it up entirely out of odds and ends .
Impressively directed and sharply written , this is a blackly funny mockumentary that works on several different levels , though it 's not exactly an easy watch .
It 's very good . Not quite as good as Exit Through The Gift Shop , but very good .
A lot of what makes I 'm Still Here funny is that Phoenix wants to appear as an everyman , but we see a pampered , spoiled , arrogant fool who teaches us that the primary responsibility of a handler is to hold your tie while you puke in a toilet .
Joaquin Phoenix delivers one of his best performances playing a twisted version of himself in this might be / might not be real docu-drama .
A staggering work of near-transcendent genius - as explosive a filmmaking debut as -LRB- an alleged -RRB- celebrity meltdown
Real documentary or hoax it 's pathetic ; there are definitely only losers here , in the film , behind the camera , and in the audience .
The crux of I 'm Still Here is the same as the one central to most of Lars von Trier 's filmic pranks : How far can one mess with one 's audience while feigning sincerity ?
-LSB- It -RSB- may or may not be a put-on . If it is , it 's done with a visceral edge that is as difficult to watch as it is morbidly fascinating
Assuming this is a hoax , Phoenix gives one of his greatest performances . If it 's real , then he 's a disgrace .
At this point , it looks like it 's up to you whether you want to believe or not . Phoenix 's trainwreck of a life and the `` why '' becomes a discussion for another time .
It is on some level a recklessly orchestrated hoax and , yes , Phoenix , who must be crazy to allow himself to be depicted in this way , has lost his marbles .
Hip hop hoax or artist reborn ? It 's hard to care after suffering through I 'm Still Here
I 'm Still Here is a home movie for relatives and masochists . It 's the Apocalypse Now of crap .
If it 's an act , then Phoenix is crazier than if it 's for real .
An elaborate piece of performance art or a documentary about an identity crisis of a man committing professional suicide ? Either way , I 'm Still Here is grating , boring , and completely without value .
It 's a neat experiment with a brilliant performance but still not all that interesting .
I 'm not sure I believed a word of this film . Actors who melt down on camera are usually , well , acting . But I could n't take my eyes off I 'm Still Here .
To what end did Phoenix go to all this trouble , creating this bizarre false persona ? What emerges in the film is an angry attack on the media , and an intermittently fascinating examination of the way celebrity flameouts are publicly & privately treated .
Chances are the joke is on us . The problem is the joke is n't very funny . In fact , it 's kind of vile .
If we 're truly witnessing the unraveling of a talented man in his prime , it 's just sad . If it 's all performance art , though , it 's just pointless .
It 's hard not to feel punk 'd and trapped amid the company of jerks .
At times I 'm Still Here is as ridiculous as Borat , which certainly adds weight to the naysayers ' arguments , and yet even through the multiple shots of male nudity , drug taking and human desecration , everything feels organic .
Joaquin is simply adding to the ugliness , encouraging the fools , and wasting everyone 's time .
The movie is as damnably perplexing as the subject himself .
When I 'm Still Here reached its climactic moment -- Joaquin Phoenix puking into a toilet -- I had never before felt quite so much like a toilet .
This riveting , dismaying documentary is that cinematic car accident you ca n't take your eyes from .
Certain bits seem obviously staged -- or at least hastily arranged . But there 's a real atmosphere of fright and confusion and self-hate and impending disaster in the film .
We always knew that he can be a bit of a weirdo ; I 'm Still Here teaches us that he can be exceedingly clever as well . And there will always be a place in Hollywood for clever weirdos .
I 'm Still Here is like watching the 15 minutes in Boogie Nights where Dirk Diggler tries to become a recording artist , stretched into a full-length movie .
Whatever their actual intentions , I 'm Still Here does take on , at times forcefully and effectively , the pathological fallout of the Entertainment Industrial Complex .
The whole thing is such a tedious , foul-mouthed mess that it is n't even worth discussing as a riff on the Bob Dylan doc Do n't Look Back or a meditation on slovenly semi-madness .
A glum and dispiriting counterfeit of reality that turns out to be much more interesting to speculate about than to actually watch .
It better be a hoax , because , if it is not , Phoenix needs serious mental and emotional therapy and , possibly , rehab .
No civilians were degraded in the making of this film . Its only target is its star - and if he turns out to be the movie 's motivating hoax-master , fans of vérité humiliation may feel cheated .
If I 'm Still Here started as a vanity project , it became a debasing one . If it is a hoax , it shows Phoenix as an actor entirely without fear .
... does for the celebrity crash-and-burn story what This Is Spinal Tap did for rock docs . Except Spinal Tap only toured as a real band after the movie .
Revelatory and self-crucifying . I not only believed it , I liked JP 's music .
While it 's interesting to speculate about what 's real and what is n't in ` I 'm Still Here , ' the important point is that the film is utterly riveting .
A psychological snuff film , unpleasant and provocative in equal measure .
The worst thing about I 'm Still Here is the fact that it exists .
Whether truth or folly , it 's not particularly well made . Even in the midst of Phoenix 's most oddball and obsessive torment , it 's boring .
A meditation on a life lived in the public eye , I 'm Still Here is strange , riveting , and occasionally appalling stuff , any way you look at it .
What I 'm Still Here most resembles is a less slick , less witty , feature-length version of HBO 's Entourage , with several unusually raunchy touches ...
There is absolutely no good that can come from this movie .
Since Phoenix spends half the film with his head down , mumbling and shirtless , I 'm Still Here is literally -LRB- and figuratively -RRB- an exercise in navel-gazing .
If nothing else , the movie at least proves that there are two sides to every hoax .
Parts of it are close to genius ; most of it is actively torturous to watch .
If the film is nothing more than a practical joke on the audience , it certainly does n't aim to be as caustic or ferociously political as , say , Borat .
If this is a documentary , it 's a profoundly embarrassing one , in which Affleck has exposed Phoenix 's soul and found it shallow and damaged .
`` I 'm Still Here '' is a film that gets in your face and under your skin . Kind of like a portrait wiped with the artist 's excrement . It 's disgusting , but it 's still art . The question is , at what cost ?
If all that I 'm Still Here documents is a hoax then Joaquin Phoenix is a far better actor than I ever suspected .
The big question that the peculiar -LSB- film -RSB- does n't answer is whether Phoenix is working through a creative rut or if any of his unusual behavior is par for the course .
The best mockumentaries - This Is Spinal Tap , any of Christopher Guest 's films , Incident at Loch Ness - are immensely entertaining even if -LRB- or when -RRB- you realize they 're fake . The same ca n't be said for I 'm Still Here .
You wo n't personally be ridiculed and physically attacked . You 'll just leave the theater feeling like you were .
Suggests a proper human being trying to make sense of a life in the public eye he never really wanted .
If the movie is a fake , the filmmakers deserve Oscars for creativity .
I do not want to know whether this is frightening fact or elaborate fiction . I like the idea that the film keeps me guessing which one it is . Or , maybe it is both ?
As a character he is extreme , a grandiose wild man who manages to be irritating and ingratiating at the exact same time . It is a performance that is both absurd and committed and ranks among his best .
If this really is a mockumentary , Phoenix is doing some of the best acting of his career ...
The movie understands that his Last Honest Man in Showbiz routine is really a performance -- even if it 's one the actor himself is only dimly aware of .
I 'm Still Here is a picture of spoiled entitlement , but its real impressiveness comes with its unusually mature sense of pacing .
Increasingly annoying , deluded , mumbling narcissism . Joaquin Phoenix may still be here , somewhere , but I no longer care .
There 's a thrilling madness to Phoenix 's Method .
Like a pair of po-faced co-conspirators , Affleck and Phoenix have cooked up an audacious little distraction ; a stage-managed Hollywood Babylon that 's at once gaudily entertaining and willfully self-indulgent .
The film is made up of half-formed sketches in which Phoenix comes across like a childish crank who 's escaped from his soap box at Speakers ' Corner .
This film gives us more access than the most inquisitive tabloid magazines into Phoenix 's world . By doing so , it makes us question and even become a little ashamed about our own voyeurism .
Rarely has the question of a documentary 's artifice mattered less . I genuinely hated this picture , almost as much as I 've admired Phoenix 's work .
Perhaps it goes without saying that Here was more provocative when it could n't be seen , when it existed for most of us purely in the realm of rumor .
It 's not well-done technically -- the image and sound are bad -- but it has the advantage of access to private and tormented moments .
Joaquin Phoenix and Casey Affleck push the edges of celebrity spoof in a mockumentary worth watching .
An utterly fascinating experiment that apparently blends real and faked material to examine notions of celebrity , mental stability and friendship .
In the great Joaquin debate -- is he crazy like a loon , or like a fox ? -- the smart Hollywood money is on fox .




@highlight

As unkempt and inscrutable as Joaquin Phoenix himself , I 'm Still Here raises some interesting questions about its subject , as well as the nature of celebrity , but it fails to answer many of them convincingly .