Now , if only they had replaced Mark Wahlberg , too , because he 's acting in a far blander picture than Plummer and co-star Michelle Williams .
... is more or less a bland thriller ... but as a whole well-set , effective and sound . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Christopher Plummer gives an outstanding performance . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The suspense squeezes us like a clamp .
-LSB- Mark -RSB- Wahlberg is credible as the negotiator , while Williams is superb and a worthy foil to her former father-in-law .
... Michelle Williams is very intense . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
All the Money in the World is not remarkable , but it 's also not bland . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
All the Money in the World 's been sprinkled with an assortment of electrifying sequences that pave the way for an increasingly absorbing second half ...
-LSB- Christopher -RSB- Plummer stands out and his work is almost insurmountable . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's not that hte film is a disaster , but the enormous emotion that injects us at the beginning soon disappears . We 're left with no choice but to enjoy the cast . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A lot of money , little virtue ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
All The Money in the World is both timely and timeless , depicting the greediness of our world , where , unfortunately , the money is idolized and considered of more importance than the human life itself .
An annoying movie that , very probably , will end up becoming an anecdotal footnote of the cultural times that we are living .
All the Money in the World confirms that , starting his eighth decade of life , Scott is the the best sociopolitical chronicler ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As well as being a terrific crime drama , All the Money in the World also has the questionable distinction of being the first major film to entirely replace one of its stars after post-production .
The best thing about the movie is -LRB- ... -RRB- Plummer 's performance as Getty . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... Scott enthusiastically took on the kidnapping of the young John Paul Getty in Italy in 1973 ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... an entertaining criminal and historical thriller , although it never becomes more fascinating than when it focuses on Getty . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
For what they went through in filming this movie , and the last-minute changes , this film holds up incredibly well . And I think it 's one of Scott 's best in years .
All The Money in the World is a film propped up on absolutely dispensable characters , like the one played by Mark Wahlberg . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It deserves to sit very much in the upper echelons of Scott 's impressive body of work .
Epic and poignant .
There 's nothing in the first two thirds of All the Money in the World that is n't pure plot transmission . It 's based on the most literal-minded kind of narrative expediency and is a total chore to sit through .
Mark Wahlberg 's fixer character , Fletcher Chase , is superfluous and feels jammed into the story to provide a musclebound foil to Williams ' femininity .
This movie may be about the soul-corroding nature of money , and it illustrates that well , but what exactly does it all mean ? Scott proves miserly in providing answers beyond that .
A movie that slides with thrilling ease into the icy waters of wealth , laying bare the darkness and ruthlessness born of excessive greed in the process .
Christopher Plummer is amazing . You would think from start to finish that it was always featuring Christopher Plummer ... he owns this role and is what you are going to talk about and remember from this movie .
Plummer puts in a terrific performance as the mean and mendacious billionaire J. Paul Getty , and it 's now difficult to imagine anyone else essaying the role with such aplomb .
At 88 , Christopher is at the top of his game . He turns Getty into a dastardly miser with an aggrieved core . There has n't been such a lonely mogul in the movies since Orson Welles 's Charles Foster Kane expired with `` Rosebud '' on his lips .
The trouble is that Plummer 's performance , which is unapologetic and deliciously mean , overshadows all the others .
Mark Wahlberg is its only under-par member but both Plummers are on the money , while Williams works wonders with her one-note role . Then there 's 80-year-old Scott 's nimble direction .
A thought-provoking morality play about the value of money .
This is a crime drama , combined with a family drama and a comedy of errors . It is amazing that Getty survived this mistake-ridden ransom scheme . It is a lot more complex and interesting than I thought it would be .
Works best , not as a true-crime kidnap thriller , but as yet another reminder - always timely , and particularly now , as billionaires buy political capital - that all the money in the world ca n't make you happy , and will probably make you an ass .
Plummer is extraordinary in the role -- even more extraordinary given the restrictions he was working under .
The result is effective entertainment , but offers no other layers beyond the plot .
In All the Money in the World , director Ridley Scott suggests everyone has their price .
All The Money In The World is a parable about the shortcomings of great wealth and power . They ca n't buy you peace of mind . Nor , as we find out , can they protect you from bad people and the ugly side of life .
-LSB- Christopher -RSB- Plummer 's malevolent performance that dominates the film , turning it into a darkly entertaining movie about the corrupting nature of money and the true cost of wealth .
Michelle Williams is terrific as Gail and deservedly receives top billing .
It was an expensive gamble but it has paid off handsomely . -LSB- Christopher -RSB- Plummer is the best thing in the film .
As an indictment of vile capitalist swine , Ridley Scott 's fact-based melodrama has a satisfying flavor , but it 's hindered by a lack of focus .
A decent Ridley Scott film elevated by great performances by Christopher Plummer and Michelle Williams . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The heart of this top-drawer thriller about greed , family politics and dirty business lies in the lack of one in its central character , superbly portrayed by 87 year-old Christopher Plummer . . Plummer alone is good reason to see the film .
Ultimately , All the Money in the World is a thoroughly enjoyable film , despite Getty being the avaricious tycoon he was .
Plummer memorably portrays him -LRB- J. Paul Getty -RRB- as a sly , watery-eyed egomaniac . He 's the stand-out performer in a meticulous , slick and surprisingly amusing thriller that picks relentlessly at your faith in human nature .
Scott imparts a convincing sense of both period and place and generates suitable layers of menace .
The film finds Scott , at the age of 80 , at the top of his game , with David Scarpa 's script ... . keeping the director away from the opiate lull of his historical epics and returning him to something like the form he showed at the beginning of his career .
The film is far less interesting than the scandals surrounding its development . Despite a handful of memorable visual flourishes and some decent performances , it fails to determine whose story it 's interested in unfolding .
There 's one thing money ca n't buy , and that is our attention
A crackling kidnapping tale , but also a spellbinding look at how being wealthy beyond measure affects one 's view of the world .
It does n't make for particularly thrilling viewing until the film 's final third , which sees the kidnappers beginning to get as annoyed as the audience is about the dragged-out ransom plotline .
Despite now-infamous last-minute tinkering , this fact-based tale emerges as a fine pulp thriller , bathed in director Ridley Scott 's trademark visual richness and with a few real-world life lessons .
All the Money in the World can be enjoyed as a `` truth is stranger than fiction '' tale but it wo n't leave you on the edge of your seat .
At it 's best , the film is at least snappy and watchable ; at its worst , it 's meandering and bloated Oscarbait .
Ultimately it 's Plummer 's show . Some hurried CG work aside , he 's the film 's most credible presence and its only point of nuanced human interest .
It seems strangely unengaging . Yet it 's beautifully made - Dariusz Wolski 's cinematography is , as usual , very fine - and it 's all handled with a brisk competence .
As All the Money in the World chugs along there are precious few moments of either intrigue or suspense to rally around .
Nothing actually on screen is quite as impressive or interesting as the story behind it .
All the Money in the World is too stolid and sluggish to distract us from its own behind-the-scenes drama .
The main reason to watch All the Money in the World is the last-minute character revamp by Christopher Plummer that makes this film worthwhile .
The latest movie from the prolific and indefatigable Ridley Scott pivots on a screenplay that is always on the money .
The negotiations with the abductors are not always convincing , but the ticking-clock thriller elements are executed with flair .
Anything too iffy is mostly offset by a strong cast and some tense and gripping scenes , especially into the second half .
Suspenseful thriller/character study , featuring a smoldering , persuasive performance by Christopher Plummer .
A portrait of one man 's greed but it can never push past constantly questioning the allure of wealth while going through the beats of a true tale .
There are many good reasons to see this film , and not least of them is to marvel at the job Plummer did , at the grand old age of 88 .
A polished , fast-moving thriller , All The Money In The World is a testimony to the skill and professionalism of director Ridley Scott , who recently celebrated his 80th birthday and shows no signs of slowing down .
Ridley Scott just made history , and you need to witness it .
All the Money in the World ultimately ends up feeling like a curio , albeit one with hints of something much grander hiding behind those Getty Estate walls .
While it 's message is all too obvious - live by greed and it 'll consume you - All the Money in the World is like movie popping candy - it fizzes and crackles right to the end .
Plummer proves to be far and away the best thing about a curiously detached film which , while enjoyable up to a point , is only intermittently involving and riddled with puzzling discrepancies .
Scott is an old master at choreographing tumult and confusion . He 's on his game here , never stronger than when he is flinging dozens of extras and vehicles across the screen in the many scenes of conflict between the paparazzi and the Gettys .
Had Scott shown more faith in his film 's own complexity , he might have made something great .
Save for a pair of performances of absorbing resolve from Plummer and Michelle Williams , it will take its place in history as a pub-quiz question , a footnote to a scandal .
Amazingly , there 's no sign of last-minute tinkering . Getty is a major character who is seen in numerous settings and alongside numerous other characters , but his scenes never seem rushed or compromised . On the contrary , they 're the best .
Plummer and Williams are astounding .
A film that pulls off the remarkable feat of making you think it was actually made in the Seventies and has somehow found its way to the projector room some four decades later .
Ridley Scott directs this entertaining but uneven true-life drama .
Minor quibbles aside , All the Money in the World is a well-structured , effective and engaging thriller that takes us deep inside the paradoxical and eternally fascinating psychology of the very rich .
In between the two Plummers -LRB- no relation -RRB- is Michelle Williams 's stunningly nuanced turn as the boy 's mother that puts her squarely in the race this awards season .
Delightfully loathsome as the elder Plummer 's characterization is , Williams matches him step for step as the dogged Gail Harris - possessed of an unyielding upper-class matronly hauteur ...
Some of its best scenes are its most absurd ones , in which Plummer 's Getty behaves with a grotesque meanness .
It 's an odd film . It engages without satisfying .
The most interesting thing about this all-over-the-place drama-thriller is Ridley Scott 's last-minute Hail Mary pass to replace a disgraced cast member . The finale is tense and exciting , but it 's a slog to get there .
`` All the Money in the World '' moves swiftly and ironically to tell a story of benighted values meeting headfirst against maternal loyalty .
All in all , I was seduced by this film . It 's a gripping suspense thriller and a fabulous portrait of the bottomless nature of greed .
His actor issues resolved remarkably , Scott steers his ideas-rich , character-based thriller with brisk authority . Plummer and Williams bring their all .
Though the decision to delete Spacey was both a commercial and moral one , it 's also the film 's smartest creative stroke .
... a crime thriller concerned with the dehumanising , alienating effects of concentrated wealth .
The most pungent result of Scott 's redrafting ... . the summoning of a magnificent performance by Christopher Plummer , central in its sour power . From ham to brine : Plummer gives a performance hailed from failing flesh and eternal brimstone .
All the Money in the World is above-average competent , and perfectly acceptable entertainment .
Plummer magnetizes as J. Paul Getty , leaning into his cheap demeanor but not shying away from the sinful pride regarding his family dynasty .
Legendary Ridley Scott drama is lushly visual , gripping and frankly miraculous .
Ridley Scott should 've gone on to also do over -LRB- or at least eliminate some of -RRB- the endless footage of Mark Wahlberg explaining strategy and tactics to Michelle Williams , which grows so tedious it sometimes felt like I was being held for ransom , too .
By trying to mix prestige melodrama and gritty thriller , much of the moral complexity becomes watered down , spiraling into narrative bankruptcy .
`` World '' only uses a true incident to inspire lukewarm dramatics , with Scott imaging he 's creating an opera with this lifeless foray into Getty dysfunction .
Plummer is absolutely riveting ... he walks away with the film .
All the Money in the World is never quite as powerful or intense as it 's trying to be but the moments that shine -LRB- most of them involving Plummer -RRB- are almost as rich as Getty himself .
The director of A Good Year and Roxy Music 's sumptuous Avalon video breathes more life into inanimate objets d'art than he does with Mark Wahlberg 's inexpressive performance .
The late-game casting of Plummer as the famous oil magnate with all the warmth of a velociraptor is a dream , but the elderly character inherently has very little to do .
The story takes some fanciful turns -LRB- particularly during the third act -RRB- that would have made more sense on a vintage episode of Walker : Texas Ranger . But Christopher Plummer delivers a superb performance .
-LSB- Ridley -RSB- Scott does n't seem to know whether to play this so-insane-it-has-to-be-true story for dark laughs or to dramatize it as another gripping , suspenseful fact-based tale .
All the Money in the World works , the celebrated filmmaker showing just why he is one of the most justifiably lauded directors of his generation , his latest movie well worth the ticket price of theatrical admission .
Go for the thrill of the chase , go for the excellent yet fictional climax , go for the parallels between Harris ' war against the Getty empire and the kidnappers ' war on capitalism -LRB- a war that is impossible to wage without , yes , money -RRB- ...
I think only critics -LRB- who are predictably swooning over the film -RRB- and not ticket-buyers are interested in this kind of howitzer attack on the plutocracy , but we 'll see .
All the Money in the World makes for a solid dramatic thriller , but falls short when it comes to being an insightful biopic about John Paul Getty .
The fact that the movie exists in this final version of its cast is remarkable enough in its way . That it 's every bit as good as it is is , I think , where the film itself comes close to legend .
Scott did the unthinkable with the film .
Despite the lived-up hype surrounding Plummer 's performance of Getty I , it is Michelle Williams ' Gail Getty who owns the spotlight as a mother with emotional caution , maternal fervor , and seething exasperation .
A better title might have been `` All the Movies in the World . '' We get a thriller , of sorts , and a crime movie , of sorts -LRB- Romain Duris , as a kidnapper , gives the most appealing performance -RRB- . It 's also a morality tale crossed with family melodrama .
For a time this movie will probably be best known for the behind-the-scenes drama . But the work itself deserves to endure as one of the better films of 2017 .
It 's a fascinating account , solidly delivered by Scott , who mixes thriller with family melodrama and no shortage of revulsion toward men such as Getty .
All the Money In the World is much more American Gangster -LRB- ' 07 -RRB- than it is Hannibal -LRB- ' 01 -RRB- - the opulence of its subjects ' lavish lifestyles somewhat muted by an oppressive blue color palette .
-LSB- A -RSB- valid , fact-filled and invigorating movie ...
All the Money in the World is a reflection of its villain , a movie as cold and calculating as Getty himself .
Much in it is invented or misrepresented ... more easily forgiveable if the film had any subtlety or depth , but this ai n't that kind of party : it 's a wannabe thriller that unnecessarily stretches its running time along with the truth .
With the pulsing rhythm of an action thriller and the dank core of a classic film noir , All the Money in the World is terrific entertainment that packs a philosophical punch .
Scott proves that he can still make us sweat and grab the armrests till our knuckles turn white .
I have n't seen Spacey 's take on the character , and probably never will , but Plummer 's addition was worth every penny .
Plummer delivers brilliance in what had to be record time , and every person sharing a scene with Plummer - Michelle Williams and Mark Wahlberg , in particular - comes in fresh and spontaneous , responding anew to another actor 's completely different energy .
The cast seems over all unguided , left to their own devices , as if each were acting alone in a booth , and the drama is similarly detached and hermetic .
`` All the Money in the World '' is a story of towering greed and the absence of mercy , and an ideal 21st century morality tale .
When Getty is n't on-screen , the movie is a bit of a bore and it does n't help that Mark Wahlberg is woefully miscast and the thriller elements are anything but tense or suspenseful .
This tale of an unscrupulous and egocentric billionaire could n't possibly be timelier .
Much of the film 's appeal lies in Michelle Williams ' portrayal of young Getty 's mother Gail as she desperately tries to convince Getty Sr. -LRB- Christopher Plummer -RRB- to pay up .
The sensational Michelle Williams and grand Christopher Plummer , replacing the disgraced Kevin Spacey , bring gravitas to Ridley Scott 's already crafty kidnap thriller .
Long-winded but engrossing .
The film may be fashioned as a thriller ... but it 's more noteworthy as a study of the corrupting influence of wealth ...
One admires Scott 's ability to reedit the film in response to circumstances more than the actual result of his having done so , which amounts to a rather thrill-free thriller .
Atmospheric thriller from the great Ridley Scott and the perfect Getty - Christopher Plummer . Its his movie . He dominates it .
This is an amazing piece of filmmaking , made more so by the quirky back story , and is easily one of the best films of the year !
There are a few days left before the movie opens , so maybe Ridley still has time to replace Wahlberg with Clive Owen , Michael Fassbender or anyone who might make sense in the role .
Based on a true story that feels eerily fresh , this highly strung procedural may not hit the jackpot , but it does pay off .
If you 're an admirer of Ms. Williams 's work , and who is n't , you 're in for a surprise as well as a treat .
With dark twists that mirror the machinations of J. Paul 's mind , Scott has crafted a thriller to fray the nerves even of those who are familiar with the story , and to surprise us as he spins a story about how mutually exclusive money and trust can be .
All the Money benefits , in much the same way that Scott 's similar -LRB- and underappreciated -RRB- American Gangster did , from the director 's expertise at bringing pace and interest to stories he cares enough about to sink his teeth into .
This is a beguiling , somewhat grisly drama , based on something that happened to one genuinely unhappy , messed-up family .
The result is a surprisingly taut drama whose ultimate lesson resonates with the wisdom of Coco Chanel , who once said , `` There are people who have money ... and people who are rich . ''
The end result is as cohesive - and entrancing - as the most meticulously planned productions .
Scott actually did it . In under a month , he replaced an actor using almost no digital fakery . It 's quite the feat . It 's just unfortunate the film does n't really deserve that much effort .
If it does n't get to the heart of what drives people to accumulate vast , unusable fortunes , it does show the vacuum of humanity this can leave behind .
All the Money in the World has some interesting ideas about price and value , but it never adds up .
Christopher Plummer scowls and brags and blusters ... Frankly , I preferred his Scrooge in The Man Who Invented Christmas , where his theatricality was better suited .
Scott weaves back and forth in time to flesh out the family history which informs the summer of '73 and one comes away aghast at the soul curdling effect of vast wealth and full of admiration for the wily strength of Gail Harris .
For a project that aims to hook mature and discerning adult moviegoers that other studios have left behind , All the Money in the World is , frankly , so very stupid .
The time-hopping , globe-trotting story is well-paced and well-acted , and timely in its portrait of greed and the way it can choke one 's soul .
Although it 's difficult not to be aware that Christopher Plummer was a last-minute addition to the production , Scott 's skill and Plummer 's canny performance as J. Paul Getty help create a spry thriller with plenty of pulse .
The story is based on a true one , although the details seem to have been ripped not from the headlines but from some ancient Greek tragedy .
While the tale is interesting , All the Money in the World never quite makes clear why we should care about watching it .
Two men in their 80s power the month 's most pulse-pounding thriller . Who could have seen that coming ?
As released , All the Money in the World is by and large a conspicuously manufactured thriller that moves between manipulative psych-outs .
It 's Williams ' tightly wound , calculating performance that juices the movie 's thrill ride of a last hour , and turns it into a revelation .
Scott 's direction is sure and he turns All the Money in the World into a first-rate crime thriller .
Plummer elevates the film in his last-minute but fully realized performance as J. Paul Getty .
Actually , this is a terrific film that deserves to be seen and enjoyed on its many merits .
This thing should have been a disaster . In Scott 's hands , it 's anything but .
A surface viewing of the film makes it feel like this is one of Scott 's lesser magnum opuses but on closer inspection this is a story that 's all but contemporaneous given its through-line of amoral acquisitiveness .
A movie with all the urgency of J. Paul Getty when he 's informed his grandson has been kidnapped .
Through the tension in her body and intensity of her voice , Williams conveys not just the terror of losing a son but the tragic absurdity of bearing the illustrious name Getty when family ties confer zero power .
All the Money in the World is a poor movie , and all it needed was a bad main performance to sink it . As Getty 's ex-CIA security chief , Chase , Mark Wahlberg does the trick .
Despite the buzz around Christopher Plummer replacing Kevin Spacey as J. Paul Getty , Ridley Scott 's kidnapping thriller is universally flat .
Plummer ... turns out to be the best thing about All The Money In The World .
It could -LRB- and maybe should -RRB- have been a disaster . But All the Money is a smart , eminently watchable thriller , taut and stylish , and Plummer is remarkably good in it .
The contortions surrounding the kidnapping ... become more conventional , building to a thriller-like conclusion that seeks to ratchet up the tension but proves so conspicuously crafted and Hollywood-ized as to sacrifice authenticity .
While the real-life resolution of the case was far more interesting than the Hollywood version depicted , this is a good thriller with an excellent performance by Plummer made all the more impressive considering the circumstances that surround it .
At the 11th-hour , Ridley Scott worked magic to replace scandal-plagued Kevin Spacey with Christopher Plummer , who plays John Paul Getty with `` magisterial skill '' in this fact-based kidnap thriller .
Plummer sits well in the skin of a miser whose rep was carved in stone by his refusal to pay ransom to his grandson 's kidnappers . But anyone who could do a decent Montgomery Burns impression could play the part as written .
Getty 's complicated personality is the meat of the matter , and where the movie really does a good job is digging into themes of greed , family and those so rich they think of other people as things .
Plummer is terrific . It 's a great performance in an enjoyable movie whose inconsistencies never quite allow it to reach Plummer 's heights .
Features a number of taut , suspenseful set pieces and strong performances from Michelle Williams and Christopher Plummer .
Plummer gives us his greatest `` Scrooge '' yet in this unflinching portrait of obscene wealth and the heartlessness that comes with it .
Scott 's production works on the level of classy , confident yarn-spinning .
Scott brings the ancient city 's grandeur to bear on a story about the corrupting power of wealth , drawing fine performances from Mark Wahlberg and Michelle Williams .
This movie is a game of sorts , a crackling chess game with Plummer as the king , Williams as the queen , Wahlberg as the knight , young Plummer as the pawn , Duris as the bishop and Ridley Scott , now 80 , as the cinematic supreme chess master .
Aside from the audaciousness of its last-minute face-lift , `` All the Money in the World '' is fairly routine . If Scott was replacing stars , he might as well have yanked Wahlberg while he was at it .
Ridley Scott 's new thriller is exactly the kind of `` one for me '' offering you want from a big-name director after a big commercial hit .
At its best , All the Money in the World is a rich and exciting story about a woman trapped in a universe of apathetic and powerful men , fighting her way out any which way she can . At its worst it 's a well-shot but ultimately middling thriller .
It 's a Christmas miracle that Scott met this date , but one for which lovers of smart and dynamic filmmaking should be grateful .
Plummer 's real-life Scrooge McDuck portrayal of Getty is the movie 's highlight .
It 's one of Scott 's best films yet .
Everything and everyone has a price , the film suggests , in ways that are far from subtle , but effective .
Until the breathless climactic scene , which it effectively conjures from whole cloth , the film feels a little too safe , a reminder of such by-the-numbers Scott exercises as `` Body of Lies '' and `` Matchstick Men . ''
Christopher Plummer is detestable and outstanding in his portrayal of Jean Paul Getty , an insatiably greedy real-life version of Scrooge McDuck
After our screening , I needed to return home and shower -- Getty 's overwhelming love of money left me feeling unclean and disgusted .
What happened to John Paul Getty III ? Were the kidnappers ever convicted of the crime ? What about Gail ? None of these questions were addressed , which would have made `` All The Money In The World '' that much better .
The film 's an impressive accomplishment , on several levels .
As today 's tax-bill headlines deepen the sense that oblivious , wealth-obsessed old men are holding progress in captivity , the film -LRB- and its late infusion of talent capital in the form of Plummer -RRB- makes a valid case to be the movie of this miserly moment .
A film of hypnotic urgency , a cautionary tale so rich and smart it will stand up to repeated viewings .
An interesting story in search of a take on the material . It 's a collection of compelling scenes that do n't really add up to a cohesive whole .
You respect that director Ridley Scott and Plummer and the rest of the cast were able to cobble all this together , but it does n't make it feel any less strange .
The highlight is Christopher Plummer 's performance , one so villainous , yet believable , that you 'll want to throw rotten tomatoes at the screen .
More seamless than the Justice League reshoots .
Scott has made simply a competent thriller that dazzles only in the ingeniousness of its lightning-quick and proficient re-staging ... . The annihilating indifference of the 1 percent will just have to wait until next year .
-LSB- Ridley Scott 's -RSB- a master showman , and there 's plenty to enjoy about the movie 's twisted saga , but it has a cookie-cutter appeal on par with Getty 's superficial standards .
A quite remarkable story being told by one of the industry 's most reliable , and resourceful storytellers .
When all is said and done , the film may be best remembered for what it almost was rather than what it actually is .
The film reminds us that , onscreen and off , bumps along the road of life can often be surmounted by money carefully applied , but a tenacious mother -LRB- or director -RRB- is what ultimately makes the difference .
The juxtaposition of tenderness and ferocity in All the Money in the World makes it more than a mere thriller , it turns it into a caper that hooks your heart .
It has style , and good people , and interesting locations around the world . Yet in the end it 's a little like Getty himself . It 's got everything that money can buy -- except for that one little , genuine spark of life it ca n't .
What happens on screen may never outlive what happened off it , but for around two hours Scott 's thrilling ride will make you forget the headlines .
Plummer 's scenes with co-star Michelle Williams -- delivering another strong , understated performance -- are worth the price of admission . But the rest of the film is not as worthy .
As ever with Scott , the film unfolds in a richly realised world and moves with an addictive , free-wheeling swagger . And his four main actors -- Williams , Wahlberg and the Plummers old and young -- have all been astutely cast .
It 's a true-life yarn loaded with extremes , of wealth , personal eccentricities , grief , tension , daring , criminal means to political ends , maternal drive and luck , both bad and good .
But with the help of Plummer 's tremendous villain-autocrat performance , Ridley Scott gives us a very entertaining parable about money and what it ca n't buy .
The muddled but icily engaging `` All the Money in the World '' is a thriller packed with ideas which director Ridley Scott only sporadically delineates with the same vividness as he does his stylish compositions .
You may hate `` All The Money In The World , '' and you would be well within your rights to feel that way , but there 's no denying that the film is bold and ballsy .

@highlight

All the Money in the World offers an absorbing portrayal of a true story , brought compellingly to life by a powerful performance from Christopher Plummer .