Offbeat crime drama Rob the Mob hits just the right semi-comic tone to pull off its outlandish , stranger-than-fiction true story .
By far one of the most fun mob thrillers we 've seen in some time .
Irresistible performances and a bizarre true story make for good entertainment
The f-bombs are hurled , but lovingly .
It 's a story so outlandish that it needs to be served by a combination of drama and comedy , and `` Rob the Mob '' finds that balance quite well .
Arianda is warm and sharp and a paragon of cliché avoidance .
The movie is full of quirky , usually worthwhile digressions -LRB- Andy Garcia has an expansive part as a mob boss -RRB- that add to its offbeat tone , further abetted by interesting musical choices and a very nice score by Stephan Endelman .
As Tommy and Rosie , Pitt and Arianda are just the right kind of nuts , the right kind of dumb , the right kind of desperate and the right kind of in love to make it all go down like pie .
De Felitta has a feel for this world and its atmosphere , from the clutter and casual ugliness of the streets , to the insularity of the mentality , to the unexpected sweetness and vulnerability of the people .
One of the pleasures of Rob the Mob , director Raymond De Felitta 's serio-comic crime drama , is watching Pitt and Arianda as the rambunctious , lovestruck pair who ca n't believe the scam they 've stumbled upon .
The whole of ` Rob the Mob ' fits -LSB- director Raymond -RSB- De Fellita 's sensibility , which is big and warm and welcoming .
... a highly entertaining film up until about the last 15 minutes when it loses all its pace and slows down to a plodathon ... that almost completely destroys what came before .
`` Rob the Mob '' skims over the lifted-from-the-headlines exploits of an outlaw couple and gleans a humanist drama steeped in sentimentality .
The problem here is that the film wavers between free-flowing comedic chaos and melodramatic poignancy -- it 's much more successful with the former .
While Rob The Mob does n't ultimately hold together , it is n't for a lack of trying by the performers or the filmmakers -LSB- ... -RSB-
Thanks to stellar performances from Pitt and Arianda , Rob the Mob works as both a deceptively complex mafia epic and as a wildly entertaining , Bonnie and Clyde-esque romance .
Carefully balancing stereotypes with tasteful comedy , De Felitta has his three leads and a generally refreshing screenplay to thank for making Rob The Mob a joy to watch .
A fun and jaunty crime flick that works really well when it 's focused on its two winsome leads .
Arianda and Pitt are a fantastic team ... But just when it seems like this is a potential `` Sid & Nancy '' - like portrait of a fringe , manic , grungy couple they become surrounded by extra garbage storylines .
A romance about two down-and-outers that reveals the workings of a whole citywide ecosystem of crime and punishment .
Breezy , sleazy , and sometimes-intense , `` Rob the Mob '' depicts a very specific sliver of time in New York history , a time overrun by crack , graffiti , and omnipresent organized crime .
Mr. Pitt is a credible lunkhead , and Ms. Arianda is a delight , dressing Rosie 's filthy mouth in the sweetest of smiles . If you were Tommy , you 'd want to give her everything , too .
The always distinctive Raymond De Felitta -LRB- `` City Island '' -RRB- offers a hilarious mob comedy with virtually no violence , though it 's based on a tabloid-ready true story that did not end at all happily .
Director Raymond De Felitta , working from a strong , vivid script by Jonathan Fernandez , finds the perfect mordant comic tone with which to tell this improbable but true story .
The movie winds up being a real standup flick , if you know what I mean .
There 's an endearing , handmade quality to Rob The Mob , shot in a warm , nostalgic palette that opens a window on a grittier city of graffiti-strewn subways and petty schemers .
The characters have an interior life that is often surprisingly funny , thanks to the offbeat timing of Pitt and Arianda .
This may be one of the most realistic and honest accounts of the Mafia ever put on film .
Raymond De Felitta 's terrifically entertaining film benefits from a smart screenplay and superb performances .
Just like the true life anti-heroes it portrays , this little movie packs what might be considered surprising heat .
For the most part , it 's a gas , but the light touch Raymond De Felitta gives the material is at once its saving grace and its tremendous limiter .
The stickups , while plenty funny - an Uzi firing uncontrollably can still be hilarious - lack any sense of dread or danger .
What starts as a charming two-hander -LRB- with more than a little in common with True Romance -RRB- gets lost as the supporting cast multiplies .
A very well-acted comic thriller filled with edgy foreboding and dread .
Raymond De Felitta 's second collaboration with producer-star Andy Garcia is a lively true-crime tale with a sensational turn from Nina Arianda .
A naïve but rather ambitious Bonnie and Clyde couple takes on the New York mob in Raymond De Felitta 's impressively sustained and well performed drama .
A rollicking crime story filled with humor , pathos and stupidity .

@highlight

Bolstered by a pair of likable leads and suffused in a warmly nostalgic glow , Rob the Mob is an uneven crime caper that mostly works .