How good is Spider-Man : Homecoming ? The short answer : the most fun superhero film you have seen in a long time .
The hype is real - Spider-Man : Homecoming is definitely the best Spider-Man movie made to date
Tom Holland IS Peter Parker .
The moral the film does champion is a good one .
The good news is that Spider Man : Homecoming is actually a lot of fun ... And at least this is not a pure origin story , yet again .
Tom Holland is the best Spider-Man I 've ever seen .
Spider-Man : Homecoming reintroduced an excitement to a character who lost his pizazz a decade ago , and in doing so , reminded us why we loved watching Spider-Man on the big screen in the first place .
-LSB- John Watts and his team -RSB- have pulled off a Marvel of a movie that has as many laughs as thrills and accomplishes the unlikely task of making the endlessly rehashed Spider-Man feel fresh again .
Spider-Man Homecoming is not the best movie in Marvel 's highly profitable cinematic universe , but it 's the best Spider-Man film ever produced .
-LSB- Homecoming -RSB- is an inventive effort that makes the joke-cracking wall crawler relevant again .
It 's not groundbreaking or transcendent or particularly original , but it has great action and a lot of humor , delivering the appropriate spectacle while capturing the charge of youthful enthusiasm ...
This is n't just a homecoming for high school , it 's a homecoming for great Spider-Man movies . Spider-Man : Homecoming is another hit for the carefully crafted MCU , which is a force of nature in itself and showing no signs of fading away
This movie 's ultimate achievement is remembering what a great Spider-Man movie should always be in the end : fun , heartfelt , and exciting without ever losing sight of what makes the character so beloved and iconic .
Director Jon Watts is avowedly channelling the spirit of 1980s John Hughes teen movies ... And it 's this strand that sets the movie 's enjoyably breezy tone and gives Holland 's puppyish charm the chance to shine .
Though now part of a plot-driven epic universe overflowing with self-importance , Spidey 's first solo adventure within it is lighthearted fun .
Spider-Man : Homecoming is the best incarnation of Spider-Man on the big screen ...
Exciting action sequences , a great sense of humor and a terrific turn by Tom Holland make this reboot stand out .
A fine addition to the Marvel Movie Universe , `` Spider-man : Homecoming '' is one of the best in the series .
The great part about Spider-Man is that it manages to be a seamless part of the current Marvel universe and yet , etch out a wonderfully snazzy world for a new superhero .
Spider-Man : Homecoming breathes new life into the MCU -LRB- Marvel Cinematic Universe -RRB- as well as the friendly neighbourhood superhero that was forever torn between love and responsibility .
The problem is that this being the third cinematic attempt at Spidey , it 's been overdone and it does n't help Raimi produced the very peak of it in 2004 .
The action is plentiful , though not particularly memorable , and , sigh , a sequel has already been announced .
Like Wonder Woman , Homecoming leans into sincerity and the earnestness of its hero , and also like Wonder Woman , it 's a better movie for it .
This is a decent Spider-Man film if never a great one .
Homecoming is as much about a superhero as it is about a good , smart kid who makes mistakes , and whose best efforts sometimes just are n't enough .
What makes this version better than its predecessors is that director Jon Watts never forgets that Peter is still a kid , despite having great powers .
Homecoming is a friendly reminder that even the most spectacular heroes have a lot of growing up to do .
One clever step back , and several adroit steps forward , Sony and Marvel 's Spider-Man : Homecoming is a thrillingly alive origin story .
The audience immediately connects with that teenager who , although he has no bad intentions , sometimes has no idea when to stop . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Too much Tony Stark , not enough Spidey universe .
Spider-Man : Homecoming suggests we might be ready to think about youth - which has acquired a reputation for angst and narcissism and basic uselessness - as the superpower it could be .
There definitely could be something here , if the film was a little bit looser , limber , and not so transparently micro-managed by two different multinational media companies .
Instead of being crammed with typical action set pieces and clunky character development , Homecoming is actually a good-natured teen comedy ...
Given our justifiable fatigue with comic-book movies , Spider-Man : Homecoming fares better than we have any right to expect .
What makes this homecoming fun is -LSB- Tom -RSB- Holland , who seems as excited about Spider-Man as his classmates even though he is Spider-Man .
Watts and Company give us a new Parker and a new Spider-Man entirely sufficient to the task of course-correcting and extending the webslinger 's adventures on the big screen .
The film has the perfect mix of fun , action and poignant moments that , without being too deep , are able to touch sensitive fibers and generate strong empathy with the characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film claims that the true power of Peter Parker are his naive youth and sense of humor . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A successful Spider-man movie with a Tom Holland that bears the adventurous spirit of the Marvel heroe . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If `` Spider-Man : Homecoming '' is to be judged solely on its ability to unite a diverse audience behind a fun motion picture , it seems to have succeeded wildly .
Holland knocks it out of the park , striking a perfect balance between awkward , bright , and eager high schooler Peter Parker , and as newly minted , Spider-Man , still figuring out superhero-dom .
Cool , fun and different from other versions . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's simply amazing .
Finds the right balance between growing pains teen drama and superhero spectacular .
The best Spider-man movie so far . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Spidey Senses are set to snooze .
By releasing itself from this burden of rehashing old stories , Homecoming was able to benefit greatly .
One of the most fun and exciting films of Spiderman that remains in the first place for me because of that classic air of Richard Donner that no longer exists in the current superhero cinema . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Spider-Man : Homecoming is a great individual superhero movie that , with confidence and charisma , integrates with the complex logic of the MCU . -LSB- Full review in Spanish
A middling high school action-comedy with dull setpieces ; a lesser `` Superbad '' with superhero cameos .
Watts does his bit with a remarkable job of pacing , clarity , action , humor , etc. . His action scenes are genuinely exciting and tense , and his character interactions are funny and warm .
Spider-Man returns in yet another iteration of Stan Lee 's most famous character ...
While it is frequently enjoyably , it is also an overly managed and manufactured product , designed and refined to fit neatly into the Marvel Universe without causing any ripples .
A strangely oblivious film , one that undercuts its story with exactly the sort of praise-hungriness that its hero learns to overcome .
Spider-Man is fun again .
Sadly , the promising start soon falls flat , and we 're left with an unmemorable attempt to replace Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield , both of whose tales about the boy-superhero far surpass this one .
The web-slinger 's latest big-screen outing is fresh , funny and fairly exciting .
Homecoming is great fun and provides an excellent foundation for a series we hope continues for many more years to come .
These characters are Marvel 's most tangibly human screen creations to date .
This is a charming , funny , coming-of-age story about a 15-year-old , Peter Parker , who has more power than he can handle and at the same time is frustrated that he ca n't show it off .
Spider-Man : Homecoming is a sublime coming out party for the teenage wall-crawler .
Holland 's wonderful performance keeps everything grounded .
Spider-Man : Homecoming is a sensitive attempt at depicting the teenage anxieties of wanting prove oneself .
It has created a vision of Spider-Man entertaining enough to make one look forward to the inevitable followup .
Spider-Man : Homecoming manages to be a breath of fresh air in an increasingly dense universe .
While it wo n't convert any superhero haters , this version of the Spidey saga might just stick .
SPIDER-MAN will soon be celebrating his 15th birthday . Marvel Studios decided that 15 % of moviegoers age 12-17 is the demographic they are investing in .
This film marks a happy return for Marvel 's popular yet humble hero , and to Spider-Man 's classic themes of power and responsibility .
The youthful vibe of this character reset , with its sense of humor and its light touch , makes Spider-Man : Homecoming one of the most enjoyable Marvel movies in years .
Director Jon Watts has learned from his predecessors that the huge set-piece scenes only work with Spider-Man if there 's a character point being made .
Marvel 's latest reboot of this troubled franchise offers some new-toy fun for fans dead-set on a good time .
Spider-Man : Homecoming is fresh , a bit funky and a worthy entry to the comic-book genre that builds anticipation to see where the series and character go next .
This is a pleasant diversion and an antidote to the glummer Spideys we saw from Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield ; there 's also good business from Downey and from Jon Favreau .
A film that smuggles in a delightfully dorky high school saga under the banner of a too familiar superhero one .
This is the Spidey movie we 've been waiting for . It 's also the best Spider-Man movie of the bunch .
Spiderman : Homecoming sags in the middle , but delivers where it counts .
So yeah , I liked Spider-Man : Homecoming . I laughed during the funny parts , felt moved during the moving parts , and got excited during the exciting parts . And that Tom Holland -- he seems like a good kid .
This one 's sweet , entertaining , consistently funny , humane , optimistic and eager to please .
Peter is fallible and eager to a fault , with a lot to learn , but he is trying to be good , to save the day and to make the lives of others better . That 's heroic .
Marvel has stumbled in the past by going too dark ; Homecoming is an effervescent , witty , fun ride with a casually diverse -- culturally and in body type -- cast of teens to support .
A thoughtful , nimble argument for a more character-focused superhero movie , Spider-Man : Homecoming demonstrates what can be gained when the fate of the planet is n't at stake .
This film introduces us to a new , younger , more upbeat , lively Spider-Man and some good new characters , including a more complex , believable villain than one usually sees in these kinds of films .
Spider-Man : Homecoming can be light-hearted and enjoyable , but it probably wo n't knock your socks off .
In an age of glowering caped crusaders , Homecoming reminds us that we should be having fun watching men in tights smack into walls .
Holland 's performance is wonderfully accompanied by a cast of talented young actors and seasoned veterans who provide an intellectual parallel for the millennial mindset .
The duration is frankly excessive and the final fight is the same old thing - confusing and without genuine cinematographic sense - , but these defects end up being lesser to the consistent good humor of the film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Holland is one of the key elements here that makes this Jon-Watts-directed Marvel epic work so well , as his Spidey/Peter Parker is a nerdy high school student -LRB- just like in the original comics -RRB- who 's full of goofy enthusiasm about his Spidery powers .
Just like Cop Car , amid the key moments of Homecoming is an insightful coming-of-age throughline .
There 's too much to explore with this version of the character in sequels and spin-offs and so on . If they maintain this level of quality and simplicity -LRB- or raise it -RRB- , there should be no problem . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Here we are again , watching the same thin plot told with great surface power , but little attention given to the great responsibility of keeping an audience surprised .
It is a film that shows that cohesion of universe , a clear vision for a character , and a whole lot of money can make something of lasting value , and not just an eyesore that fizzles out after a single weekend .
Puts Peter Parker the teenager first , and piles superhero woes on top of him , but it never loses its sense of mirth
Headlined by a winning performance from Tom Holland as a teenager enduring a truly demanding puberty , Spider-Man : Homecoming downscales the superhero movie .
A film with a constant but not absurd humor , is perhaps the funniest from Spiderman , and perhaps the most entertaining of Marvel . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Spiderman : Homecoming is a throwback to a superhero age Avengers storylines ca n't access alone anymore . At stake are friends and neighbourhoods , not entire galaxies .
Spider-Man : Homecoming has the benefit of a brilliant young lead in Tom Holland and a fantastically-layered villain turn by Michael Keaton , but it bears the burden of all the films that came before it and all those yet to come .
This is the best Spidey movie since 2004 's Spider-Man 2 .
Spider-Man : Homecoming is the perfect superhero flick for millennials -LRB- or anyone who lives for a really good movie -RRB- . Like Peter Parker , we 're all just trying to figure things out .
These tweaks are enough to make Jon Watts 's film sufficiently different from past Spider-movies ; and its tight story , funny jokes and cute characters are enough to make it pretty enjoyable .
The chorus of advance raves has declared that Watts has hit the sweet spot . I 'd call it sweet-and-sour .
A smart , fresh film , savvy enough to make a John Hughes reference a throwaway gag and not a mission statement .
Spider-Man : Homecoming is neither a full disappointment nor a complete triumph .
The most faithful version to the comics of the beloved Marvel character with a diverse cast and a tone and vision that move away from the common MCU . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's not just a great Spider-Man movie , but a wonderful teen drama .
Scrappy sequel , evoking fond memories of the adolescent angst in John Hughes ' ` Ferris Bueller 's Day Off . ''
An utter gas , a fast and very funny superflick that inserts Spidey into the larger Marvel Cinematic Universe without ever losing sight of what makes him unique and beloved .
It 's Peter Parker Pastiche .
Zippy , witty and thoroughly enjoyable ...
Part superhero movie , part high-school coming-of-age story , it 's bouncy , likable and completely devoid of threat .
Holland is a disarming blend of teenage impetuosity , angst , and awkwardness , and one that is still absorbing with unaffected glee the whiz-bang niftiness of his superpowers .
In most respects , Spider-Man : Homecoming swings and scores .
See `` Homecoming '' and tell me there 's an Avengers character you love more . I do n't expect to hear from you because I know I 'm right . And I 'm right because the magnificent Tom Holland proves I am .
An exercise in diminishment . Feels like like one of the smallest and most inconsequential Marvel films yet .
It 's Holland 's ability to capture the restless adolescent spirit that needs public affirmation , but also wants to hide under a rock , that makes it such a giddy treat . He 's a recognizable kid struggling with identity issues -- on an exaggerated scale .
It plays like a very long TV show and might even remind old-timers of the '50s - era `` Adventures of Superman . '' That 's the laughable series in which no one ever recognized George Reeves after he showed up as Clark Kent as soon as his alter ego flew away .
The film sparkles best in its small scenes built around normal high school life .
It 's a nearly complete triumph - and all it took was going back to high school .
In director Jon Watts ' hands , Spider-Man : Homecoming is a true comedy . There may be better Spider-Man movies , but there 's never been a funnier one , one that avoids the origin story and poor old Uncle Ben .
Tom Holland seems to have been born to play the role , infusing the entire film with cheeky teenage energy . And it 's also one of the funniest , most complex blockbusters of the year .
Directed by Jon Watts and concocted by a team of eight writers , Homecoming is a sleekly-wrought blend of high-school rom-com and high-octane blockbuster .
Lots of comedy , Marvel universe and even Star Wars references , unexpected cameos , surprising plot twists and an uncontainable charisma from Holland will make you enjoy this film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Perfectly calibrated entertainment .
Holland makes breakthrough , and rest of cast is excellent ; film not so much . Hey , ho , let 's kind of go ?
I hope Sony do n't do another reboot for some time now ; I 'd enjoy following this new iteration of the franchise for a while . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
The combination , which starts from the conflict between being a hero at the level of the Avengers or continuing to mature slowly , amuses and takes advantage of one of Marvel 's most charismatic superheroes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The charisma of the cast transcends the expectation of seeing old acquaintances and gives the audience the opportunity to accept characters and different narrative arcs , instead of tracing models that had previously worked . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If Sony felt the need to hit the restart button yet again on its signature superhero , Spider-Man : Homecoming is the way to do it .
Not retelling the origin story also gives the film room to explore and develop its characters .
Spider-Man : Homecoming is n't really a Spider-Man movie . It 's a Peter Parker movie , and that turns out to be an incredibly good thing .
What are the odds that a film with six credited screenwriters and a director -LRB- Jon Watts -RRB- with more Onion content than anything else could recapture the youthful thrill of superhero movies in general and the youthful appeal of Spider-Man in particular ?
Can the MCU breathe new life into an beaten-down and bloated spider ? ... yes , true believers ! Tom Holland is Spider-Man ... Keaton does for the Vulture what Molina did for Doc Ock - ` nuff said .
Best Spider-Man ever . Maguire so-so , Garfield too dark . Holland 's SM is brash & funny as hell like the original comic . Well done . Most fun I 've had in a theater all year .
Diverse , entertaining reboot has some language , violence .
This refreshing new spin on the Spider-Man legend is fun and lighthearted with a few thrills along the way .
It 's taken six tries , but Marvel has finally nailed the spirit of its most iconic character on the silver screen .
By partially demonstrating what a newer , fresher superhero movie might look like , Homecoming ultimately underlines its own genre-defined limitations .
Marvel clearly had no interest in wasting this opportunity and now Spider-Man has his own Marvel-approved movie `` Spider-Man : Homecoming '' and the result is the best Spider-Man movie ever made .
The Greatest American Hero : The Movie .
Another bleedin ' Spider-Man movie , you say ?
Spider-Man : Homecoming is light , quick and never too serious , bounding with a playful sense of humor lacking in the increasingly angsty and no longer fun franchise .
An ungainly , cheeky swing from rooftop to rooftop has rarely been more endearing .
Director Jon Watts ' film is a fun and exciting action piece , perfect for the summer season , and it turns up its heat right when you think it 's going to run out of gas .
Watts effortlessly juggles classroom comedy with larger than life derring-do . Having Keaton for a villain really helps because his manic energy can be amusing and threatening -- depending on the context .
Spider-Man : Homecoming is a fine , fun continuation of the MCU content factory .
Holland probably has five more years in which to dazzle us , and it 'll be a crime if Batalon and Zendaya are n't by his side . This franchise is now all about Peter and his friends . Here 's looking at you , kids .
For all the CGI-jinks -LRB- well up to standard -RRB- this is as much a high-school movie as classic superhero stuff .
The notion of an immature , untrained Spider-Man brings a fresh feel and the always reliable Michael Keaton makes a sinister but strangely sympathetic villain as The Vulture .
This one is the best Spider-Man movie ever , and among the best of any in the history of superhero films .
It 's taken six films and three iterations of the character , but Spider-Man : Homecoming is finally the comic version Spider-Man come to the big screen .
A superhero movie viewers will want to spend more time with , but not because it 's a superhero movie .
Seamless and often stunning visual effects , fast-paced action , smooth writing , nods to the political churn in America , and an easily identifiable and charming hero .
For long stretches , `` Spider-Man : Homecoming '' is an above-average young-adult movie with some super powers thrown in .
Watts and his five other screenwriters are better at the small stuff - the jaunty high school scenes - than the kapowie CGI battle sequences .
The powers that be got it right this time as this is a thoroughly entertaining offering . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Thoroughly charming . Spider-Man 's signature light comedy works surprisingly well even as this story is uniquely steeped in the darker Marvel Cinematic Universe .
The film is far from perfect but the end result is effective . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An emotional film , whose initiative to reintroduce Spidey is sincere and purposeful . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film of superheroes against villains that takes good juice to its history and knows how to entertain . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The only thing that can be said is that it 's a great moment , probably the best that this character has had on screen , and that both Keaton and Holland exploit their dramatic potential to the fullest . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Easily the most enjoyable Marvel Universe movie for the under 16s - and not far off it for the rest of us .
Charming , fleet-footed and frequently hilarious , this latest take on the web-slinging do-gooder - the third since the early 2000s - is some seriously top-drawer fluff .
An affable , jovial , lighthearted and very funny comedy coming of age that focuses on the psychological and moral growth of a teenager eager for risky and dangerous missions .
Holland is immensely appealing , young but already very much a hero . My spidey-sense tells me he 's just right for the job .
This Spider-Man is n't about the big moments ; it celebrates the small ones .
Homecoming points to fun and humor as none of the previous five had done ... nor any of the characters from The Avengers . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
After Spider-Man 2 in 2004 , this is the best film of the friendly neighbor and there 's no doubt the solid streak of films of the superhero genre in 2017 will continue . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If they 're going to be as fizzy and funny and warmhearted as this , keep 'em coming .
Spider-Man : Homecoming gives us a hero who 's still learning but is having a blast doing so .
I really like Holland 's effort to mix true-blue `` friendly neighborhood Spider-Man '' heroism with a teen boy 's natural immaturity and awkwardness , but he needs a better movie .
It 's fun . John Watts ' film carries an innocence and wide-eyed brashness befitting its central character 's coming-of-age journey . But it 's also capable of surprising .
Packed with heart-pounding action and heartfelt emotion in equal measure .
Funny without being tongue-in-cheek and epic without being ponderous , Spider-Man : Homecoming is what a summer movie should be .
Aunt May seems to have discovered the Fountain of Youth . Rosemary Harris was 75 and Sally Field was 66 . Marisa Tomei is 53 . Aunt May will soon be younger than her nephew .
The movie 's not flawless , but it is fun , a big improvement on the non-wowing The Amazing Spider-Man and its sequel of recent years .
Deviously original ...
Amazing ? Yes . Spectacular ? Most certainly . Superior ? Without a shadow of a doubt .
It 's funny , and a couple of the big action sequences have tension as well as spectacle ...
After a decade and a half and five feature films of wildly varying quality , here is a Spider-Man movie that shows the pure heart of its excitable young hero .
With its sunny warmth and its hilarious script by Watts and five other writers , Spider-Man : Homecoming is breezy fun , one of the most enjoyable superhero epics yet .
Another good-enough Marvel movie that is less than the sum of its parts , a crowd-pleaser with many fine scenes but no great ones .
The best personification of the character on the big screen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
No cobwebs on Spidey - Spider-Man : Homecoming feels breezily , pleasingly fresh .
It is , like they promised , a quintessential American coming-of-age movie John Hughes would 've been proud of , complete with jocks and nerds , bored teachers and detention , after-school hijinks , and first love .
Spider-Man : Homecoming benefits from its small scale and its focus on Peter 's day-to-day teenage existence . The Marvel movies could use more of this .
A summer film that re-creates in a surprisingly entertaining way the myth of a hero in the era of technology , and that all it seeks is to connect with a young audience eager to skip school and go to the movies . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Exhilarating , hilarious , fast-paced , and grounded in reality . It 's the funniest chapter yet in the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
one ca n't deny that all involved have delivered exactly the movie that hardcore fans wanted
Considering that it 's the sixth Spider-Man movie in 15 years , and that it features the third actor in the title role , it 's amazing that it 's as distinctive and enjoyable as it is . You might even say that it 's a marvel .
The newest star system in the Marvel Cinematic Universe is packed with surprises , excitement and quick-witted laughs .
-LRB- Tom -RRB- Holland deftly wears Parker 's uncertainties and insecurities - not only about his responsibilities as Spider-Man , but also about the hazards of navigating the shark-infested waters of high school .
By making Spider-Man younger than before , Homecoming smartly sidesteps direct comparisons with the previous incarnations of the superhero .
Darned if Holland 's Spidey does n't breathe new life into the old webslinger , who officially turns 55 this year and does n't look a day over 15 in the movie . How 'd they do it ?
`` Spider-Man : Homecoming '' is breezy fun .
Tom Holland 's Peter Parker , one of the liveliest characters in last year 's Captain America : Civil War , now has an entire movie devoted to him - one with plenty of youthful snap and crackle .
By all means put out the welcome mat for this Homecoming , but just do n't expect too many vivid memories of the visit .
The screen is a Fourth of July for firework special effects and pyrotechnic slug-outs by land , sky and sea . Take the kids ; take the family ; take yourself .
Marvel 's heartfelt and wonderfully down to Earth approach to Spider-Man is a winner .
It 's a summer blockbuster worthy of the moniker .
Director Jon Watts and a mostly familiar cast have managed to put a fresh face on the franchise , one that 's entertaining to boot .
An authentic , refreshingly nerdy and high-spirited reboot of the well-worn Marvel franchise ...
In Holland , the silver screen has its youngest and best Spider-Man yet . He 's juvenile , irresponsible and amateur . He 's a kid . And you feel for him , since we 've all experienced the social pressures of school .
The filmic equivalent of mum 's lasagne - it 's comforting , tasty , nothing special , but exactly what you 're looking for .
Holland plays a 15-year-old Peter Parker with such joyous naiveté and youthful exuberance that his predecessors -- the nerdy Tobey Maguire and the neatly coifed Andrew Garfield -- now seem more like grad students than high schoolers .
For the first time , the most popular of all of Marvel 's 1960s-era characters genuinely focuses less on the amazing and more on the boy behind the mask , and that 's a welcome change of pace .
The costumed antics of Homecoming are a joy to watch , with tense set pieces and well-choreographed action , but some of the movie 's brightest spots are in its more down-to-earth moments .
Ultimately , `` Spider-Man : Homecoming '' manages to be surprising , uplifting and heroic - all without letting our hero emerge too triumphant .
Within seconds of meeting these characters , I got past the feeling that another Spider-Man seemed premature . Heck , when a superhero is as much fun as the one in `` Homecoming , '' he 's always welcome .
Most of Homecoming proceeds according to reliable Marvel formula , with solid but generic direction from Jon Watts .
Holland was born to play this part , with just the right mixture of seriousness and silliness without ever being corny or cliche .
Spider-Man : Homecoming does the improbable , successfully rebooting a reboot of a trilogy that did the job well enough only a decade ago . It 's a movie that could be unnecessary but is n't .
Just as the character 's primary goal here is about proving himself , in terms of Marvel injecting a rejuvenating vitality into its wayward wall-crawler , `` Spider-Man : Homecoming '' clears that bar and then some .
A smart and entertaining reboot of the Spider-Man franchise is young at heart and in execution . This could be the first true coming of age comic book movie that adults will like just as much as their kids .
Against considerable odds , `` Spider-Man : Homecoming '' finds its pace and rhythm by the end .
A Spider-Man movie trapped in an Iron Man movie .
It delivers eye-popping spectacle in spades , but it 's the characters that make it count .
A mixed bag : it 's nice to have Spider-Man rebooted with an actor so right for the part as Holland , but the effort to integrate him into the wider Marvel Universe raises doubts the movie does n't resolve .
Even those of us who regard the Marvel aesthetic as a plague on world cinema can find much in Spider-Man : Homecoming to be charmed by .
Beginning with a score that riffs on the late - '70s cartoon and closing with a slyly funny after-credits scene , it 's as sure-footed as its arachnid namesake .
The movie is as bubbly and eager as Peter himself , but a little more efficient . It designs its actions sequences around character and story and - a rare thing in comic-book blockbusters - lets the actors act during the climactic action piece .
-LSB- T -RSB- he perfect Spider-Man movie and one of the best films yet in the MCU . Audiences are going to fall in love with it ...
The movie lacks inspiration ; even the big `` twist '' is more worthy of a suppressed chuckle than a dropped jaw - it 's like something pulled out of a bad soap opera .
The fifth-best superhero film so far this year ... is still pretty darn good .
Adolescent in all the right ways : limber , reckless , full of youthful brio and uncertainty .
The movie breaks no new ground , and action sequences that were intended to be thrilling - such as an epic battle on the Staten Island Ferry - just sit there on the screen , incapable of stirring a single pulse , but content in their competence .
The movie delivers all of the expected action beats , but what it does better than perhaps any of the previous Spider-Man films is capture the humor and sense of fun from the comics .
What Spider-Man : Homecoming lacks in depth , it more than makes up for with a pop sensibility that fizzes with verve and fun .
A rollicking , soaring glide of a ride that puts a bright new , fun , feisty , re-energized spin on pop culture 's top web star .
It 's a fun ride , but it seemed like the Director loved Peter Parker more than Spider-Man . The more I think about it , the more the movie bugs me .
Borrowing heavily from John Hughes movies , the witty script ensures that the film succeeds as both high school movie and superhero adventure .
It may have taken 15 years and 3 reboots but Spidey finally has a decent villain .
Among the many virtues of this delightful film is an acknowledgement that these superhero things are essentially for children .
Spider-Man : Homecoming never reaches greatness , but it aces goodness .
This Spidey gets the job done .
This third time 's the charm in Marvel 's pantheon of Spider-Man portrayers . Tobey Maguire was pretty good , Andrew Garfield was so-so , but Holland ... Well , when you 've got it , you 've got it .
A comprehensively crowd-pleasing success .
Holland , like his character , is clearly having a blast throughout , and you 'll know just how he feels .
While working inside the rigid confines of the Marvel blueprint , it manages to work equally well as a superhero movie and a teen comedy .
For sheer fun , Spider-Man : Homecoming is hard to beat .
Stark tells Peter to be the friendly neighbourhood Spider-Man and that 's exactly what Jon Watts has given us - a grounded hero who has to live in our world . All other superhero directors should take note .
Cute , nothing more .
Spider-Man : Homecoming reaches its most impressive heights when the training wheels are off and Stark is n't around .
I ca n't think of a movie from the prolific Marvel Cinematic Universe that I have enjoyed more .
For a film with six screenwriters , Homecoming creates a remarkably coherent vision of a smart kid still dumb about the world , battling the learning curves of his double lives .
This is n't the same old story of how Peter Parker becomes Spider-Man but rather the story of Spider-Man learning how to be Peter Parker .
Against the odds , Homecoming breathes new life into the character .
As long as the kids stay in the picture -- thankfully , that 's most of the movie -- Spider-Man : Homecoming is the fun playdate most of us have been looking forward to since the character stole Cap 's shield last spring in Captain America : Civil War .
The less you know about the plot the more the fun , suffice to say that Homecoming trades adolescent angst for hit-the-spot humour -LRB- top work from co-stars Jacob Batalon and Zendaya -RRB- and throws in some surprises ` twixt webs and wisecracks .
The movie has heart and an ebullience that is infectious .
The movie is a soaring , fearless teenage dream . And it feels so great to be able to say : Welcome home , Spidey .
It 's a relief to see a superhero engaged in deeply human activities , like getting ready for a date ... This Spider-Man is still just a kid , after all , and he has no energy for existential angst -- just dealing with hormones is enough .
This is a lighthearted lark that functions as both a standalone feature , as well as an endlessly entertaining entry in the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
The less you know about the gags and twists in this film , the better . Go in as blind as you can and just enjoy the ride . You probably wo n't see a better or more satisfying superhero film all year .
This Spider-Man film is undoubtedly the funniest Marvel product since Avengers Assemble , and mercifully we do n't have to go through another origins plot .
A welcome narrowing of the Marvel mega-verse away from alien invasions and globe-smashing supervillains and back towards something more intimate .
A little of the new Spider-Man went an exhilaratingly long way in Captain America : Civil War last year . But a lot of him goes almost nowhere in this slack and spiritless solo escapade .
An amazing Spider-Man , a spectacular Spider-Man , and yes , the ultimate Spider-Man .
My new favorite Spider-Man film , my favorite film of the summer , and possibly my favorite film of 2017 .
Mr. Holland looks and sounds more like a teen than the actors who 've previously suited up for this series , and he has fine support from a cast that includes Jacob Batalon as Peter 's best friend .
Spider-Man : Homecoming 's biggest achievement is that it makes you forget it 's the third different Spider-Man - and second reboot - in less than 20 years .
Spider-Man : Homecoming is fresh , funny and entertaining , but it ultimately works better as a teen flick than it does as a superhero movie .
It 's not only the best Spider-Man movie -- it 's one of the best films in Marvel 's cinematic universe .
... works because it 's only partly a Spider-Man movie .
Holland is simply a likable face , a near-perfect blend of awkwardness , uncertainty and charisma exemplified by the simple physical comedy of putting on the Spider-Man costume .
Director Jon Watts nicely handles the scenes of adolescent banter and awkwardness ; if anything , they 're more engaging than the action sequences .
One might be tempted to have a few cynical thoughts about Spider-Man : Homecoming , were it not for the puppyish form of British actor Tom Holland in the red-and-blue superhero onesie .
The new Spider-Man 's solo Marvel debut is a near-perfect mash-up of superhero movie and teen comedy .
The characters and scenarios are familiar , but this is a loose , cool , funny remix that makes them feel fresh again . Plus , it 's mercifully short on life lessons from Aunt May .
Spidey is finally able to bounce off other familiar faces , and the results are nothing short of a triumph .
Spider-Man : Homecoming is both a homecoming for the character as well as a movie in which Spider-Man literally goes to homecoming-a fitting re-introduction and an endearingly goofy teen flick .
The first Spidey flick as ebullient as the comics you read when you were a kid .
Spider-Man : Homecoming is a funny , heartfelt , coming of age story that defly captures the awkwardness of being a teenager .
Peter Parker aka Spider-Man aka the wise-crackin ' , science-tinkerin ' , shy-around-girls neighborhood crime-fighter is back . Not just back-home .
Sony , who had something to gain from allowing Spider-Man to be part of the MCU Universe , just allowed Marvel to make their superstar into a supporting player .
What 's particularly nice about this movie is what it does n't have : too many bad guys , an overly complicated plot and a bunch of ridiculous fight scenes that are so needlessly complex you ca n't tell what 's happening in them .
A spry , lovable Spider-Man movie about a spry , lovable Spider-Man .
Every time Peter has to choose whether to do his self-appointed job or seize one irreplaceable personal moment with Liz , the strain shows on his face . Civil War made his conflicts big , funny , and thrilling . Homecoming makes them personal .
Spider-Man : Homecoming is better than Spider-Man 3 but not by much .
Holland is incredibly charming , and embodies Spidey 's traditional fondness for wisecracks while not seeming smug . The jokes fly fast , but everything hangs together tonally .
It 's pure exhilaration to watch this new , pitch-perfect version of the iconic hero swing high above the New York City streets , and if the movie 's forthcoming sequels are as fun as this , Marvel Studios can keep 'em coming .
Jon Watts ' Spider-Man : Homecoming may be the most sheer fun audiences have ever had with the character .
Homecoming 's sweet-natured hero and its ragtag group of cheery kids project a radiant optimism .
By far the most lightweight and thematically inconsequential of any and all past `` Spider-Man '' features .
This is a de-facto origin story , one that makes us wait for the sequel for a Spider-Man who is n't a menace to society .
An action-packed , beat-the-heat distraction ... Lands close enough to the summer-movie sweet spot that the quibbles feel a bit churlish .
Spider-Man : Homecoming is a soaring superhero adventure and is easily the best Spider-Man movie of them all .
That the movie comes off as loose and sweet and light on its feet as it does feels like sort of minor Marvel miracle .
Spider-Man : Homecoming is not your typical Marvel movie -- and that 's exactly what makes it great .
It 's the best homecoming imaginable .
Spider-Man : Homecoming works as both a -LRB- very -RRB- funny high school comedy/drama and strong standalone superhero movie set in the MCU .
It 's a near-miracle that six screenwriters were able to pool their talents and craft such a winsome , witty story .
Director Jon Watts gives the iconic web-slinging character a heartfelt story , in what is easily the best written film of the Marvel MCU -LRB- : : gasp : : villain included -RRB- yet .
The sixth Spider-Man movie in 15 years proves to be a fun , likable coming-of-age tale , albeit one weighed down by its air of familiarity and need to adhere to the overarching narrative of the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
News Flash : Tom Holland is the best movie Spider-Man ever . He finds the kid inside the famous red onesie and brings out the kid in even the most hardened filmgoer .
Watts nails the timeless cornerstones of adolescence : the crippling anxiety mixed with brash confidence , the life-or-death dimensions of a crush , the impatience to grow up .
By thoughtfully considering how a modern Spider-Man would fit into the character-driven realm of the MCU , Watts not only created a superhero movie full of charm and surprises , but also one the best MCU movies yet .
One of the very best Marvel Cinematic Universe films , and one of the best films of the year .
The magic of Homecoming is that it belongs more to the John Hughes cinematic universe than the Avengers ' .
Spider-Man : Homecoming gets it right . It is my favorite Marvel Cinematic Universe movie .
A funny , sunny superhero movie for the whole family .
It 's a solid `` Spider-Man '' adventure . And nearly every scene in `` Homecoming '' is filled with bits that rewards fans who play close attention to the details .
Most impressive is that it 's a blast to watch , harkening back to the sugar rush that accompanied flipping through Stan Lee and Steve Ditko 's earliest comic adventures .
Homecoming takes Peter Parker in a fresh direction not only by investing in his teenage world rather than using it as a backdrop , but by letting him run towards being Spider-Man rather than wrestle with the weight of his responsibilities .
You know what ? Superhero cynicism aside , `` Spider-Man : Homecoming '' is really fun .
On paper , it 's among the most inessential blockbusters of the year , but Spider-Man : Homecoming proves that going back to square one and adding good-hearted altruism can go a long way .
Spider-Man : Homecoming is so joyously entertaining that it 's enough to temporarily cure any superhero fatigue . There 's wit , smarts and a nifty , inventive plot that serves as a reminder of what buoyant fun such films can bring .
It may not quite reach the heights of Raimi 's Spider-Man 2 , but Spider-Man : Homecoming emerges as one of the character 's strongest films to date , granting him a clean slate and infinite room to grow .
Tom Holland 's Spidey ca n't swing back onto screens again fast enough .
Spider-Man : Training Wheels is entertaining , but still owes too much to Tony Stark .
Spider-Man : Homecoming is smart , incredibly funny and surprisingly clever . It is an entirely unexpected - perhaps even vanishingly implausible - fresh start for the third Spider-Man franchise of the past fifteen years .
After 13 long years , we have ourselves another great Spider-Man movie .
A return to form with an incredibly likable cast .
Marvel has finally started to figure out what the future of superhero movies might look like .
Hang in there , True Believers : Maybe it 'll get better the second time around .
Feels a little more punchy , laugh-filled , and exciting than one might expect from a property that 's already been given plenty of chances to succeed .
The appeal of this particular Spider-Boy is all too basic : In his lunge for valor , he keeps falling , and he keeps getting up .
The best-realized Spider-Man movie in terms of making the character current with what 's been done with Marvel Studios ' other movies ...
Quick on its feet , fun and funny , yet not smug and self-satisfied a la `` Deadpool . '' It 's such a blast it took me a long time to realize I did n't care about anyone or anything that happened .
Spider-Man : Homecoming is an enchanting reminder why we ever hid comic books under our bed in the first place .

@highlight

Spider-Man : Homecoming does whatever a second reboot can , delivering a colorful , fun adventure that fits snugly in the sprawling MCU without getting bogged down in franchise-building .