As the title oh-so-obviously implies , it 's a love that will-well , you know .
There 's a nice , pop-in-and-see rhythm to the storytelling . Gandolfini 's Pat descends into a rich sadness . There 's wry humour to be had with Douglas and his idealizing buddies . Loneliness and longing lounge around together .
Hits notes you thought only Chase 's primo Sopranos could reach .
Sopranos creator David Chase returns to New Jersey , but his film loses its way
An exhilarating rush of keenly observant , sometimes barbed , occasionally funny and often poignant detail , and all of it feels right .
Unfortunately , Chase 's failed group is no more interesting than one you or your friends might have played in .
Beautifully captures the impact of the British rock 'n' roll invasion on young teens in the suburbs -LRB- I was there -RRB- ... But even with accurate details , the film loses its way .
While it has a personal feel , the performances are a mixed bag and it too often resorts to nostalgic cliches , especially when the music is n't playing .
... a rollicking comedy about growing up and striking out
Not Fade Away is about the imperishable idea of youth and the promise of endless wide-open possibility . Time will always be on its side .
Not Fade Away is intimate , episodic and achingly poignant . It 's also woefully insubstantial . Chase has created less of a dramatic narrative and more of an awkwardly paced , formulaic collage .
Good - although I think it would work better as a TV series . I wish there was a season 2 .
The movie is a psalm to those who , far from pursuing the path of the Rolling Stones , stayed trapped under a rock .
I do n't mean to belittle the memory of an entire decade , except when I do .
Because its more about intertwining themes than it is about obvious plot and conflict , it has melancholic energy . It revels in the mystery , appreciation , and ultimately creation of art-from a guy who was empowered and inspired by rock himself .
A wistful , bittersweet remembrance of the emerging '60s counterculture .
Not Fade Away is the greenest film of the new year , recycling '60s cliches with alacrity .
God save us from boomer nostalgia and its endless idealization of the '60s .
Rock & roll is salvation , rebellion , fun , sex , and the greatest middle finger ever extended by one generation at another . If you actually believe all of that , even a little bit , David Chase 's far-from-perfect Not Fade Away is hard to dislike .
It 's not a great film , but perhaps Chase is the victim of impossibly high expectations .
This film could have been -- should have been , even -- something special . But it 's not .
The story is unfocused and , at times , directionless . Characters disappear.And , the whimsical ending seemingly comes out of nowhere.The best I can do is give `` Not Fade Away '' a marginal recommendation .
People get high or get cancer or get carried away to mental institutions and hospitals , but we know too little about them to care .
The period details are spot-on and the soundtrack is great .
It turns out that even though you can take the boy out of episodic TV , you still ca n't take him out of New Jersey .
The threat of nuclear annihilation and the potential saving grace of rock and roll are linked at the beginning and end of this movie about 1960s kids negotiating a new kind of life informed by both possibilities .
` Not Fade Away ' is as yesterday as eight-track . It works very hard at creating a mood and tempo for an era that is a turning point for most baby boomers .
Fans of great 1960s rock and roll will love the incredible 40 song soundtrack but little else .
Yes , it 's about rock and New Jersey , but it 's also about getting a life going and dreaming , and that 's timeless , classic stuff .
Filled with overly familiar '60s signifiers and narrative dead ends .
Well-observed but occasionally disjointed , it 's a film that 's more about thematic tone , sound and images than it is driven by plot .
Chase , who was the ripe old age of 19 when the Beatles first appeared on Sullivan 's show , gives this 1960s period film an autobiographical specificity without the baby boomer navel-gazing .
There are plenty of laughs along with the melodrama as the band and its members struggle through young adulthood .
A movie that feels at once deeply personal and more than a little confused .
Its rhythms are peculiar , but there 's lots of good stuff here .
Rock & roll is here to stay . And David Chase gets some well-deserved satisfaction .
The problem is , nobody told Chase his memories of the '60s and rock 'n roll have long been clichés .
` A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Drummer '
-LSB- A -RSB- coming-of-age story that 's obviously drawn from -LSB- Chase 's -RSB- own experiences as an artistically-minded kid growing up in straight-laced suburban town with a family that did n't really get him .
Mostly , Not Fade Away is a hit .
Ultimately a disappointment - this is a movie easy to watch and even easier to forget .
The performances and music are a pleasure , and Chase 's affection for the period is palpable .
Aiming for a generational statement that encompasses the entire '60s experience , -LSB- Chase -RSB- turns unexpectedly inept .
Somewhat autobiographical and worth seeing despite its somewhat muffled quality ...
Chase 's critical eye spares no one . This is his attempt to make the `` Great American Film About Music . '' He almost succeeds .
A totally by-the-numbers boomer nostalgia exercise , of the type we 've already seen dozens of times .
The British invasion of rock 'n' roll was upon America , and David Chase remembers the time with both fond and bitter memories .
Beautifully , sometimes heartbreakingly documents people living in the moment , doing what feels right at the time .
Chase takes a basement view of the birth of America 's '60s rock revolution with his big-screen debut Not Fade Away .
Chase has captured this one for all time . He delivers on the movie 's title .
A wispy , evocative piece that ... might not have much staying power but will speak to those who lived through the era it so cannily captures .
It 's imperfect , and overlong , but there are moments as poignant as any I 've seen on film this year .
David Chase takes a page out of the Martin Scorsese playbook , music-wise , and utilizes a slew of great songs from the 50s and 60s .
A '60s - set film that 's rendered with with an eye for authenticity instead of period fetishism .
'60s - set coming-of-age tale has some edgy content .
It 's a `` personal '' movie that , in some ways , seems impersonal . Everything seems a bit too varnished and staged and overly familiar .
Chase makes these familiar scenarios feel vital and fresh , thanks to a terrific eye for detail , a general avoidance of on-the-nose social commentary and an incredible soundtrack .
What makes this movie unique is that it 's not just one more story of a band that got big in a hurry .
The acting is OK , but none of the leads has the kind of sizzle that might have turned this into something as special as another film set roughly in the same era , `` Diner . ''
Many films purport to be about music , but few understand music as thoroughly and enthusiastically as Not Fade Away . On every level , this is smart , confident , authentic , and thoroughly satisfying filmmaking , and one of the best films of 2012 .
By focusing on musicians who are talented but finally not good or persistent enough to succeed in the big time , `` Not Fade Away '' offers a poignant , alternative , antiheroic history of the big beat .
Alas , Not Fade Away is far less pungent than the period it attempts to evoke .
Chase and Gandolfini have created a completely different New Jersey dad with Pat , a decent man with far more depth , wants and desires than his son has ever imagined . He 's heart breaking here ...
Despite the nostalgia-drenched idealism coursing through it - and a cinematic familiarity to the subject matter - this is not a story that 's neatly told or safely predictable .
Chase ... allows nostalgic feeling to be the sole reason for this , his first feature film .
Painful , and not in a good way .
While Not Fade Away is undeniably a mess , it 's a loveable kind of mess , where the missteps come from daring , not caution .
Examines what it felt like to be a teen in 1963 . . What did it feel like when the world changed - and you were one of those who wanted to help change it ?
If you were n't in a failed band yourself , you know people who were , and Chase 's story IS their story , if not in the particulars , then in the spirit and the passion . The music may fade , but what 's behind it never does .
`` Sopranos '' creator David Chase 's feature debut is an engaging time capsule of an era when rock music profoundly impacted American culture .
This may color my enthusiasm somewhat . Still , I like to think I was mostly taken in by the wonderful cast and Chase 's fond and generous evocation of another time , another place .
Like many a semi-autobiographical piece , characters and events do n't fall into place with the rigor of those 10-Step Programs of Good Screenwriting .
Every scene plays with an in-the-moment vividness far removed from nostalgia-laden sentimentality ; even the simplest interaction feels like it echoes through eternity .
Chase offers a gritty , graceful salute to rock & roll in his ardent , acutely observed debut that makes him , at 67 , a filmmaker to watch .
Not Fade Away injects the past with the nervous energy and exciting uncertainty of the present , devoid of nostalgia or biopic baggage , and infused with all the wicked wit that characterized Chase 's The Sopranos .
It 's a small gem with a killer rock soundtrack , well worth seeking out amid all the awards-season Sturm und Drang .
... it 's almost impossible to fault a movie that uses the Sex Pistols ' version of Jonathan Richman 's `` Road Runner '' in the finale scene .
Feels like a three-part miniseries shoehorned into one nearly-two-hour morsel - there 's too much going on in it for anything to have much weight .
A coming-of-age movie filled with songs and probably based on director David Chase 's own teen years in a rock band .
An excellent transition into film -LSB- for David Chase -RSB- even if it 's likely to have a far more limited audience than `` The Sopranos . ''
It 's a mute button movie , with the textures of the production worth all the attention Chase pays to them , while the rest of the effort slides around in a fog , waiting for inspiration that never arrives .
Triumphs when David Chase 's empowerment as a kind of autobiographical historian is balanced with the thrill of submersing the viewer in the tidal pool of his memories
A rollicking drama of a New Jersey band trying to make it during the rough-and-tumble chaos of the 1960s .
Chase is the total package : a visual storyteller with a great ear for dialogue .
In his feature debut , Chase -LRB- Sopranos creator -RRB- walks a fine line between a familiar , sentimental coming of age tale and more personal and idiosyncratic meditation on how music shapes both personal identity and collective consciousness .
... reaches for a grand statement about the period 's intergenerational tensions and instead simply channels nostalgia .
In his first feature , David Chase returns to the New Jersey suburbs to cast a bittersweet glance back at the rock-fueled restlessness of the Sixties .

@highlight

Exuberant and bittersweet , Not Fade Away is a coming-of-age story set to a British Invasion beat that occasionally meanders but mostly charms .