This yarn - based on sci-fi legend Robert Heinlein 's short story All You Zombies - is never less than intriguing , even if it does threaten to unravel at the slightest tug on a thread of loose logic .
For a faithful adaptation of a short story , the film is packed with plot twists and narrative surprises and the challenge faced by the Spierig Brothers is obscuring details that would give away the twists without making it obvious .
This is cerebral sci-fi with a strong emotional undertow , largely thanks to Snook , who gives a heart-tugging performance as the gender-addled person of mystery .
Trippy sci-fi thriller .
A largely faithful adaptation of a 1958 Robert A. Heinlein short story , Michael and Peter Spierig 's Predestination is a time-travel yarn that worked fine as a 13-page read , but as a film the time-bendy elements come across as sub-Primer at best .
Hawks and Snook 's performances pack a surprising emotional punch , and even if you spot the film 's big twist coming you will still want to watch it all over again to spot all the deftly placed clues .
Sarah Snook gives an immaculate , wholly-formed Star Is Born performance of the first order .
Perhaps the best adaptation to date of a story written by science fiction legend Robert A. Heinlein . This is a very complex story and it is handled well by The Spierig Brothers , who co-wrote and co-directed the film .
... packs a powerful emotional punch thanks to its sensitive treatment of emotive themes and an incredible , multi-layered performance from Sarah Snook .
Had this been any more sincere or stony-faced it simply would n't work , instead thriving in the frivolity of it all .
The film leaps into a dizzy abyss of temporal paradoxes , made all the dizzier by its transgender premise - a modern Tiresias myth plaited into a Möbius strip .
A thoughtful , if wonky , small-scale epic of retro-futurism .
It requires complete attention but the reward is a compelling , low-tech , existential sci-fi yarn with real heart and soul .
One of Ethan Hawke 's strengths as an actor is his willingness to jump between arthouse fare and B-movie genre fodder .
Like all time-travel stories , this inevitably trips on its own causal illogic - but not before it 's offered you a taste of something genuinely rich and strange , and probably toxic .
A funny , affecting , twisted tale , which demands you pay close attention to every throwaway detail .
The most interesting time-travel movie since Primer .
Slick but overstretched , Predestination deserves respect for what it tries to achieve rather than dismissal for not getting there . Either way , you will not be bored .
Predestination twists and turns so often you wo n't be sure which way to look .
A cerebral and sensitive sci-fi time-travel mind-bender you 'll want to watch twice in a row . -LRB- Like I did . -RRB-
Despite a chronological narrative that will make heads spin , the story is compellingly executed , with a particularly strong performance from Sarah Snook .
`` The craftsmanship on display is finely tuned , the bros know what the hell they 're doing , and their story is engaging , even if you can see the twists coming at times . ''
A clever and surprisingly affecting reminder that sci-fi does n't need overblown action to keep audiences intrigued .
There are some mild pleasures to be had on a first-time watch , but repeated viewings are sure to decay with time .
A sci-fi mind-screw that is rarely short on surprises and innovative ways to keep viewers guessing leading to a fascinating and unique thriller .
It 's always risky to make a film that shifts and reformulates what it is and what the audience should derive from it straight through the final shot .
Predestination 's pace is too slack , and the brothers are so painfully tentative as storytellers that the easily guessed big twist gets three separate reveals .
Warning : what you get is not necessarily what you see , and the revelations come , at times , at explosive speed .
Predestination has so little confidence in its conceit that what we 're left with feels like belligerent exposition .
A messy but affecting parable about fate , gender , and identity . And time , which combines the three .
A brisk , twisty , and atmospheric science-fiction thriller that piques the imagination and the senses with the low-rent exuberance of fifties drive-in classics .
It 's a mind-bending time-travel story that uses its sci-fi gimmick less for comedy or action than to explore concepts of identity .
An ambitious , slow-to-reveal , and overly meditative failure .
A stylish sci-fi adventure anchored by strong performances from Ethan Hawke and Australian newcomer Sarah Snook .
As soon as the credits rolled on `` Predestination , '' I wanted to watch it again . It was even more of a mind-dance the second time around .
Put the time-travel gibberish into the background and the result is a great , gritty Aussie noir flick not to be missed .
This is a deeply solipsistic movie , but how deep is something you 'll need to find out for yourself .
Ethan Hawke , Noah Taylor and Sarah Snook all give terrific performances , but it is Snook who once again proves to be a major talent .
Predestination is n't as action packed as Edge of Tomorrow , but its story is just as intricate . The film is easily as satisfying as the just as equally well connected Spanish film Timecrimes .
Hawke and Snook are excellent , and the tightly wound script requires attention but pays off with some clever twists .
If intriguing science-fiction thrillers make you tick , then `` Predestination '' may be one of the best films you see in 2015 .
You wo n't be able to take your eyes off Sarah Snook , an Aussie actress who makes whatever sex she 's playing almost irrelevant . You watch her . You hear her . You believe .
Predestination feels familiar for the first 10 minutes , then it goes places we 've never been before .
Like me , you 'll probably feel inclined to watch it again .
Snook is exceptionally good as Jane/John , serving as the beating heart underneath the film 's temporal gamesmanship .
At the heart of `` Predestination '' ... are the two central performances by Ethan Hawke and Sarah Snook that bring genuine emotional weight to a storyline that could have easily plunged into utter nonsense .
Strange stuff , but always fascinating , featuring sensational performances from Ethan Hawke and Sarah Snook .
The Spierig Brothers understand Heinlein and give us a rich science fiction film with standout performances .
The movie 's final third is fun to sort through , in a `` Looper '' kind of way , and gives the actors some offbeat tools to work with .
Predestination is a hair-raising , emotionally resonant thriller that fleshes out Heinlein 's minimalist conceptual piece with strong characterization and an absorbing story line about domestic terrorism and murder .
It 's a neat trick .
It tends to drag in setting up what may be one of the most unsatisfying and aggravating plot twists in recent memory .
The Spierig brothers have deftly fashioned an unpredictable thrill ride , and the joy is to fit together all its puzzle pieces .
Despite its low budget and its lack of big stars , it 's a pretty amazing piece of work .
His temporal agent contains sly multitudes and could easily have become a gimmick , but Mr. Hawke brings enough pathos and soul to his performance ...
`` Predestination '' is a pleasant surprise and solid science fiction .
Predestination is disorienting , but in a way that suggests narrative chaos rather than narrative control .
a totally weird path , but one that 's easy to mentally traverse despite the strangeness
Those who were floored by `` Looper '' need to check this out - it 's a far better film , despite a lower budget look and features a breakout performance from Sarah Snook who 's like a cross between Tatiana Maslany and Dane DeHaan in this role .
Ethan Hawke and Sarah Snook , who plays The Unmarried Mother , are nearly ideal casting for these characters . They 're engagingly enigmatic-a requirement for playing mystery men-yet they also react to each other body and soul .
Far from merely illustrating the original tale , the Spierig Brothers ' subtle , smart tweaks to the narrative transform it into something truly cinematic .
By the time the final minutes roll around , the requisite big reveals are both bizarre and predictable , even if they do n't make complete sense at first -LRB- or ever -RRB- . But seeing what 's coming does n't blunt the overall impact of the story .
Writer-directors Peter and Michael Spierig show affinities for serious literature as well as pulp fiction ; interwoven with the loopy SF plotting are some rather grown-up considerations of longing and psychological pain .
Even if the Predestination windup is stronger than its pitch , the Spierig brothers have hit a jackpot of compelling weirdness .
`` Predestination '' is too clever for its own good , a film that relies on schtick and gimmicks rather than honest storytelling .
It 's certainly imaginative , with high-minded ideas , but Hawke and Snook are what keep it grounded in truth .
A cerebral sci-fi time-travel puzzler that proves consistently engrossing and , for all its contrivance and complication , satisfying .
Not that sci-fi has to bend reality into a shape free of loose ends , but Predestination is so imprecise with its logic that the stylist may as well be blindfolded .
Predestination just wants to blow minds . But in its best moments , the ones that put Snook front and center , it threatens to break hearts instead .
Dumb-smart fun . The movie screws with your head , and even screws with itself .
Predestination is n't quite one of Hawke 's worst duds , but it wastes a wonderfully loopy premise by getting lost in all the swerves .
Weirder and more contemplative than many of its time-traveling brethren , `` Predestination '' is a stylish head trip .
Predestination is science fiction for a thoughtful crowd .
Twists both blatant and teasing motor the mystery along , and a cannily termite performance by Ethan Hawke as a bartender-cum-enforcer is surpassed by Sarah Snook as a patron-cum-storyteller who may be the punchline to his very own story , one final time .
Intelligent and thought-provoking , -LSB- Predestination -RSB- works effectively on most levels despite numerous and occasionally confusing leaps in logic and eras ,
The Spierigs had the framework for something wonderful here , if only they 'd trusted themselves to keep things simple .
The Spierigs allow the plethora of heady ideas to surface naturally - with the occasional , not terribly subtle shout-outs to Mobius strips and the chicken-or-the-egg question , that is .
Well-acted , cryptic and clever . Just not a lot of fun .
Fitfully engaging but awkward from start to finish , Predestination bungles all sorts of potential in its attempt to balance the brains of `` La Jetée '' with the brawn of Timecop .
Predestination is a befuddling beauty , so rich in concept yet lacking in approach . There are more plot-twists here than M. Night Shyamalan could shake a stick at , but the unfortunate factor is that each one only becomes more predictable than the last .
The film effectively underlines the one undertaking that time-travel fantasies can never truly allow : escape from ourselves .
... a convoluted and confusing sci-fi drama ...
Predestination is more a movie to be regarded than swept up in .
Predestination features a startling performance from the little-known actress Sarah Snook who gives it real oomph and impact as a sci-fi picture crossed with a genuine character study
Hawke and Snook anchor the knotty storyline and you eventually realise key lines have a double meaning , and that every occurrence fastidiously ties together .
-LSB- Sarah -RSB- Snook 's performance makes this story more than just a collection of clockwork turns ; her tenderness at the story 's core makes Predestination into a real movie , and it in turn makes her a star .
Features The Spierig Brothers at their innovative and creative best , while also boasting a revelatory performance by Sarah Snook .
There are clues scattered throughout the story that point towards the ending , which would be clever if they were n't plonked in so loudly .
A dog 's breakfast of clashing ideas and concepts ; it 's confused and confusing , and the more it tries to untangle itself , the deeper it digs itself into an incoherent hole .
Once the filmmakers finally remember to shift gears and get going with the good stuff - and it must be said the actual schematics of the script 's time-travel content is fascinating stuff - it is far too late .
This is the sort of film that , immediately I came out of it , I wanted to go back in , because I wanted to make sure all the pieces fit together .
-LSB- The filmmakers -RSB- have created a genuinely original , staggeringly clever and tremendously entertaining thriller
If you can keep up with all of this , and do n't feel bad if you do n't , its unpredictability is intriguing at times .
Predestination thrills and enthralls as its developments confront and confuse the viewer , but hindsight does this flawed , fascinating film no favours .
There are plenty of intriguing concepts beneath the movie 's stylish surface , although often their delivery leaves a lot to be desired .
It might bewildering , but chances are , you 'll enjoy the trip from the inventive Spierig Bros , whose wild concepts about inevitability , reshaping wrong doings and time travel will prompt agile brain gymnastics
It 's a thoughtful , ambitious adaptation , whose pieces finally lock into place with a satisfying , if not entirely unexpected click .
Predestination is a wildly , weirdly rollicking ride . Underestimate the Spierigs - experts at turning trashy genre excursions into fare that 's exhilarating , entertaining and profoundly thoughtful - at your own peril .
Predestination defiantly confounds and tantalises .
One of the few truly thought-provoking science-fiction thrillers to emerge in the last few years . Snook and Hawke are excellent .
Predestination has a few flaws in terms of story and structure , but for the most part it 's a challenging and frequently thrilling time-travel yarn that will have you scratching you head for days .
It 's free-ranged , grass-fed bull , but wow , can it move fast .
A breakout performance by Sarah Snook distinguishes this entrancingly strange science-fiction drama .


@highlight

Fun genre fare with uncommon intelligence , Predestination serves as a better-than-average sci-fi adventure -- and offers a starmaking turn from Sarah Snook .