... it 's a frustrating movie because it never really takes full advantage of its potential . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Functioning as a sly meta-comment on this town 's love for preserving things , the smart romantic drama will make you think twice about ever again wishing for eternal youth .
... The Age of Adaline is incredibly boring .
It 's a clunky , luminous mess that ultimately suggests that a person who has lived to be more than 100 , raised a daughter , traveled the world , learned a ridiculous number of languages , and had a lot of adorable pets has n't lived until she finds a man .
... a better-than-average contemporary romantic drama .
The Age of Adaline , a sentimental romance that 's more watchable and touching than it may sound when you hear the premise .
The Age of Adaline is the kind of adult romantic drama that 's fallen out of favour , and it at least makes you consider how that is a shame .
The Age of Adaline ends pretty much how you 'd expect and takes a little long getting there , but will appeal to those who enjoy their romances delivered with a touch of history , and a little magical realism .
A San Francisco-set fantasy in which -LSB- Blake Lively -RSB- plays out a Benjamin Button-like existence through some truly awkward romantic situations .
The Age of Adaline is a bold and elegant film that treats its characters with respect and refrains from exploiting its very exploitable premise .
Adaline turns out to be so earnest and genuinely sweet , that one should be able to forgive its schmaltzy excesses .
Like Adaline , the film gives the sense of being somewhat uncomfortable in 2015 , but while the movie makes a case for romanticizing the past , Adaline 's story shows the limitations of detaching yourself from the present .
It 's a fascinating Benjamin Button-like premise and Lively shines in the lead , capturing the wisdom and weariness of someone over a century old . But it fails to explore what Adaline has done with her immortal life or the events of the 20th century .
Lively is appealing , natural and often touching .
The Age of Adaline is also slightly less a generic romance -LRB- though it is that , too -RRB- and more a consideration of time and desire , how each shapes the other .
Much as you might try to dislike or even loathe it , there 's an elaborate , honey-hued romanticism that sweeps you up in the goofiness of it all .
Immortality can be depressing , but immortality when you have no discernible personality is truly terrifying . If the film were even the slightest bit aware of the macabre message it sends , it might be worth wasting a few mortal minutes on .
Adaline is well served by its screenplay , which takes opportunities to wink at the audience without turning the film into slapstick .
Lively 's cool , timeless poise is perfect for Adaline 's melancholy reserve , the aloofness of someone from a different era , wary of letting anyone get too close .
The Age of Adaline is salvaged by the performances of Lively and Ford ; that is if you 're brain has n't been shutdown by fake science .
Fans of more curious romantic dramas such as Benjamin Button and The Time Traveller 's Wife will get the most out of The Age of Adaline , an engrossing if flawed drama .
Staying 29 forever is every woman 's fantasy . But , as `` Gossip Girl '' alum Blake Lively finds out in the predictable but endearing love story `` The Age of Adaline , '' that blessing becomes a burden .
A laughably absurd fantasy that goes nowhere fast .
It 's a beautiful-looking movie with a ridiculous conceit .
An unassuming yet sweet-natured little film that parents can actually enjoy with their children , and these days that 's a rare joy to behold .
Unusual and engaging .
The movie dissolves into a flaccid shaggy-dog tale shambling toward its foregone conclusion .
An unstable combination of melodrama and fantasy that does n't satisfy in any level . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Age Of Adaline functions perfectly well as a harmless , fantasy-infused date movie . It 's hard to really dislike .
Lively does a good line in aloof , and if Huisman never convinces as the object of her desire then the narrative 's peripheral relations more than fill the emotional gap .
Free of violence , death or graphic sex , this romantic fantasy is an easy-going throwback to women 's films of yore , complete with a smooth narration filling in the gaps .
Ironically , this romantic drama about a woman who ca n't grow old creaks along like a centenarian with chronic arthritis .
There 's a couple of hokey moments - the faux-documentary style voiceover explaining the science behind Adaline 's condition - but this is never less than watchable .
A quaintly disarming fairy tale , refusing any date that is n't written in the stars .
Beautifully shot and absurd .
This magical-realist meditation on mortality is untroubled by logic , clarity , intelligence -- anything that might salvage such simple-minded slush .
A lead performance of mind-bending dullness is given by Blake Lively , whose surname suddenly looks horribly ironic .
Poor Adaline Bowman , sentenced to an eternity of looking like Blake Lively thanks to scientific hoo-hah that wo n't be discovered until 2035 , Adaline never ages . Her movie gets old quickly .
Like Benjamin Button , this drama plays around with the human lifespan , is slickly produced and feels far too serious for its own good ...
A pleasant and undemanding romantic drama that takes great care not to upset you unduly with strong emotion or embarrassing passion .
Rather than just revel in the absurdity of it all , this film can be accused of being too stony-faced in parts .
Harrison Ford 's performance is the big surprise in this otherwise wonky , frequently shambling tall tale .
Surprisingly smart and moving and much worthier of a viewing than everything about it would naturally suggest .
An unusual , thoughtful drama that takes a novel look at the fountain of youth , and that afterwards will have those seeking nothing more than a little light entertainment commenting , ` Well , that was quite nice , was n't it ? '
This pseudo-scientific contemplation of beating the process of aging is questionable from the start , but it 's a bold and risky sci-fi in which logic is n't its primary source of dramatic gravity .
A muddled mixed bag containing some fascinating ideas , a handful of terrific scenes and some good performances .
By the time its two hours are finished , you might feel as though you 've aged two years instead .
Blake Lively holds together a film that deserves to fall apart
What a throwback pleasure director Lee Toland Krieger 's latest would have been , if it were n't so exasperatingly unfocused .
Age of Adaline surprises you with its warmth and sweeping romantic notions , despite its severely flawed logic .
The Age of Adaline is a `` near miss , '' content to occasionally flirt with the sublime rather than step wholly into the uneasy .
The type of bittersweet film that can trump the resistance of reason and logic , and sweep us into a story of longing , regret and renewal .
The conceit endows Lively 's regal air of distracted superiority with an intermittent pathos , but the director , Lee Toland Krieger , brings no identifiable perspective , and the screenwriters ... hardly tap a century 's worth of material .
An elegant , reflective piece of work that may not appeal to everybody - but if you 're out on your first movie date , it may be just the thing to get you to first base .
This is one of those movies that have you wondering : Long before the actors signed up and the locations were chosen and the sets were built and the filming began , how did someone not say , `` Um , we have a big problem with this story '' ?
A nice change of pace before we 're swamped by summer 's big budget action flicks .
A high level of suspension of disbelief -- we 're talking Code Red -- is required to enjoy The Age of Adaline , and the film is charming enough and accomplished enough that we willingly give ourselves over ... to a point .
Fantastical - yet perhaps too reserved and tastefully restrained for its own good ... .
Harrison Ford himself shows up and does n't disappoint ; although the third act of the film lost it 's way a tad .
It does manage to pick up the pace in the third act and actually get us somewhat invested , but by that time we 've already seen too much . It 's certainly watchable , but best to wait until it 's free to do so .
There are plenty of problems with this film , however ... The Age of Adaline still serves its purpose for a date night movie .
The Age of Adaline is a ludicrous romantic fantasy , but solid craftsmanship and good acting make it an enjoyable one too .
This is a film that needs Amy Adams 's twinkle or Sandra Bullock 's nervous stammering . It needs a star with life .
Everything is just a little off : The plot is resolved too tidily , and Lively appears ill at ease - she 's stiff and self-consciously ladylike , as if she were a little embarrassed by the material .
Like a cross between a Twilight Zone episode and Somewhere In Time , The Age Of Adaline is a splendid new romantic drama with a beating heart all its own and terrific performances from Blake Lively and Harrison Ford .
A movie that promises an escapist romantic fantasy on one hand , while delivering an affirmation that , even if our bodies grow old , passion can abide .
Despite an almost self-destructive need to be taken seriously , this romantic drama still finds some swoony soul in its odd meditation on the solitude of eternal life .
Pretty silly . Harrison Ford almost makes it real . Blake Lively looks fabulous .
Blake Lively is lively in this original with nowhere to go love story . Not much else is .
Romantic fantasy lacks magical spark , but OK for teens .
The Age of Adaline is a modern romantic fairy tale set in San Francisco , marred by bad narration and an unnecessary desire to overexplain random magic .
a strange film , hooked as it is on a character intent on revealing little . Lively , smartly costumed and coiffed in a modernized retro look , leans on a mannered way of speaking bolstered with a skittish fragility to embody her timeless character .
For all its melodramatic mopey-ness , The Age of Adaline mostly treads water to its anti-climactic conclusion .
Adaline is an 107-year-old mash-up of Hawking , Holmes and Mario Andretti , all dressed up in Gucci with nowhere to go . What a fascinating character the screenwriters never bothered to develop .
The pic thankfully never goes over the side into full-out hokeyness or , worse yet , maudlin melodrama . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
The Age of Adaline has a fundamental weakness : The tepid romance is supposed to structure everything else , so the film feels disjointed - a series of good , sometimes even great scenes in search of an organizing principle .
Harrison Ford rescues this movie like it was a stranded hiker .
I 've never seen a less involving movie become so compelling at the exact moment when you 've resigned to write it off as just okay . What happened ?
Burstyn is as beautiful and emotionally present as always and Ford - after so many years of grumpily picking up paychecks - seems delighted to be acting again , and in a real movie .
Oh the horror of spending your entire life looking like a sexy , twentysomething blonde Hollywood bombshell !
Lively glides across the screen from scene to scene - like the ballroom of a grand old hotel with a suitor in hot pursuit - with all the emotional weight of a model in a perfume commercial .
-LSB- T -RSB- he movie 's devotion to her current romantic predicament feels like such a wasted opportunity .
For a movie about a 106-year-old - albeit one trapped in the body of a 29-year-old - `` The Age of Adaline '' does n't have a lot of wisdom .
-LSB- Ford -RSB- Baker turn a fairly tame two-way relationship movie into a more complex four-character piece . It 's just as preposterous , but engagingly so .
What eventually saves `` Adaline '' from being tossed on the cinema trash heap is the appearance of Harrison Ford about two-thirds of the way through .
-LSB- A -RSB- blandly manipulative romantic fantasy -LSB- that -RSB- represents the sort of melodramatic pseudo-profundity that poses as meaningful in hokey novels .
Warmly crafted , with a satisfactory sense of mystery , `` The Age of Adaline '' resembles a Harlequin novel , but offers more spirit than simple forbidden love escapism .
Lively gives a thoughtful , complex performance , with undertones of melancholy and a yearning for connection .
A sweeping romance beautifully wrapped in classy couture and slightly suspect in the way it uses metaphysics to manipulate matters of the heart .
The film is as tender and endearing as a lamb , a lamb at rest in a fragrant atmosphere . It 's a film that has a determined , unironic respect for things past .
Via someone who 's not Adaline , the film eventually addresses , with elegiacal eloquence , the nexus of never-was or the crossroads of coulda-been to which we can all achingly relate . Pity about the Nicholas Sparks playbook finale & damnable narration .
With a steady head on its shoulders and a look as well-crafted as its lead 's , The Age of Adaline is often hard to swallow but harder to dislike .
Far too often here , Adaline 's parade of period dresses , coats and handbags stand in for the richness of human experience .
a weeper that raises more concerns than true tears
Leave it to Harrison Ford to pull off a rescue that one of his signature heroes might envy . In a deftly crafted supporting role , Ford does as much as Lively herself to shape Adaline 's strange predicament into something genuinely resonant .
Again and again , director Lee Toland Krieger -LRB- Celeste & Jesse Forever -RRB- allows shades of a more nuanced movie to pop up along the margins , only to steer instead toward innocent niceties .
It fails to pursue any of the fascinating questions its premise raises . Instead , it dives headfirst into Nicholas Sparks territory and explores , though not without some charm , Adaline 's romantic life .
Okay , it 's hooey . `` Adaline '' is not a documentary . What it is , though , is seductive .
Adaline 's secret is a dramatization of the vulnerability we all resist , and so her love story is n't so much cosmic in its significance as it is miraculous in its familiarity .
You ca n't really call The Age of Adaline a movie . It 's more like a series of pretty pictures held together by a remarkably idiotic story .
The movie is so free of irony , so quaint and earnest in its philosophy and metaphysics , that it 's a refreshing alternative to this season 's loud , marketing-approved , studio-built tentpoles .
The Age of Adaline may be preposterous , but it 's unabashedly , sentimentally so .
During its second half , in which we meet Harrison Ford and Kathy Baker , cast as Ellis ' parents , it all turns to caramel and its absurdities can no longer be denied .
A supernatural romance that thinks itself far more profound than it actually is .
Huisman is charming , but it 's Ford who makes this movie . Ford 's been involved with so many action movies , it 's easy to forget his acting talent .
Age Of Adaline rewards viewers who buy into its ludicrous premise with a frequently beautiful , occasionally stirring cinematic trinket .
The makings of an interesting movie are here , but the script , written by J. Mills Goodloe and Salvador Paskowitz , collapses on itself in the third act .
It 's a disarmingly affecting film , and very sad at points . A rumination on loneliness .
Lovers of the genre will find plenty to love about the stylish Age of Adaline and may find themselves rooting through pockets for a tissue at points , a romance movie equivalent of a standing ovation .
The story itself is hardly epic and certainly is n't romantic , which makes us focus on how ludicrous the whole thing is .
Starved of sufficient comedy or drama , `` The Age of Adaline '' is a pipsqueak .
A surprisingly effective fable . Blake Lively is excellent .
A preposterous premise treated with great solemnity . Lively shines , though , as does Ford .
Plausibility , shmausibility . This is pretty schmaltz done right .
Someone should steal this concept and make a decent movie out of it .
`` The Age of Adaline '' works best as a simple story of boy meets girl ; girl falls in love ; girl mulls whether or not to reveal that she 'll stay young forever . Everything else is just a lot of unnecessary noise .
As awkward love triangles go , this is second only to the 1989 film Chances Are , where Robert Downey Jr. discovers that in a past life , he was his girlfriend 's father . -LRB- Gross . -RRB-
A middling romance intended as counter-programming before a summer of world-savers and life-takers , The Age of Adaline is an adequate way to kill a few mortal hours in the theater for romance fans .
`` Adaline '' Enchants Despite Lack of Chemistry
Manages to score some select moments of goodwill , but ultimately hampers itself with a severely underdeveloped story .
The story 's magic realism is so torpid and affected as to make the film feel as if it , like Adaline herself , goes on forever .
Ultimately , you believe Lively as an old soul in a young body , carrying a heavy secret ; you hope , somehow , that love will bring her a happy ending .
Lively delivers every line with an arrogant remove , like someone just asked to kiss her hand . It might be the most sepia-toned performance I 've ever seen .
This YA-style romantic fantasy could have been cringe-inducing ; instead it 's a serviceable fable about the importance of mortality .
For a movie that emulates literature , The Age Of Adaline never fits comfortably into a particular form-literary or cinematic .
Aims to be as timeless as its main character , but it ends up feeling like a musty relic .
If Estée Lauder made a movie , it might look a lot like The Age Of Adaline , a swooning , fawning romance about a woman who achieves what no anti-wrinkle cream has before .
A low-stakes , high-concept romance , gifted with warm cinematography and lush period trappings .
`` The Age of Adaline '' weaves a fantastical tale within a plausible real-world setting . Blake Lively gives a performance of remarkable depth and sensitivity .
Shameless but mostly well-executed date-night fare , but Blake Lively seems like the wrong fit for the lead .
Lively 's performance is appropriately mysterious but too shallow to allow audiences to empathize with her character . The fault lies more in the screenplay , which does n't give her character much depth .
Beautiful but shallow , but also beautiful - a spell that only breaks once you turn on your brain , which you should n't anyway .
Adaline is consistently gorgeous to look at-and a good reminder that love , even when it 's complicated or painful or does n't last , is a whole lot better than immortality .
Age of Adaline - while frequently preposterous - has just enough pixie dust that it ought to find a fan base among romantic types .
Less a sincerely kooky elegy to lost time than a slightly off-kilter acting out of familiar rom-com bona fides about commitment-phobes missing out on life .
Sad , wistfully romantic and featuring maybe the best performance Harrison Ford has ever given on the big screen .
The Age of Adaline is a pearl of a film : intimate despite its century long scale , new and old at once , it 's a small movie to discover and carry with you .
Lively is an odd screen presence - somehow both warm and cold , accessible and recessive . She 's long been ripe for a breakthrough lead role that allows her to stretch and surprise .
Lively 's never been better , but `` Adaline '' is more interested in what she 's wearing than what her character 's thinking .
Blake Lively 's subtle , expressive performance sets the tone for this thoroughly ludicrous , thoroughly enjoyable romantic drama .
Director Lee Toland Krieger hits all the expected emotional beats but does n't take many risks or glean sufficient insights about our fascination with the double-edged sword of eternal youth .
In what is likely to be the year 's most deliriously satisfying illustration of what happens when you feed a chick flick steroids , Blake Lively -LRB- Gossip Girl -RRB- hits emotional paydirt as a turn-of-the-20th-century gal who stops ageing at 29 .
Stay far away if romantic movies bother you . For everyone else , this very much delivers on its earnest intentions .
It floats , like Lively herself , in a kind of timeless bubble .
Indie darling Lee Toland Krieger has managed to pull off this high concept film with an innocent charm that harks back to Golden Age Hollywood romance .
Harrison Ford emerges as Krieger 's trump card ... It is a raw , vulnerable performance that ensures the film soars and draws fresh reserves out of Lively -LRB- the definition of ` Supporting Actor ' , surely -RRB- .
Never mind that the story is far fetched , the film engages largely due to a winning central performance by Blake Lively as the ageless Adaline , who spends her life running instead of living because she fears someone will learn her secret

@highlight

The Age of Adaline ruminates on mortality less compellingly than similarly themed films , but is set apart by memorable performances from Blake Lively and Harrison Ford .