There 's little passion , damn little fire in the belly , and what there is is wasted on a pleasant romance conjured up by the script , aimed at the My Little Pony market .
After watching Princess Ka'iulani , we can barely say we learned much about this historical figure , nor even much of the history of the time .
Looking more like a Hallmark Movie-of-the-Week and reading like a CliffNotes summary of the overthrow of the Kingdom of Hawaii in the 1890s , the $ 9-million historical romance Princess Kaiulani wo n't raise any eyebrows or ruffle feathers ...
There are too many swooping violins , too many trite generalizations , too few moments that throw a light on history and turn it into art .
Free of insight and depth , leaving us with little sense of the weight of her accomplishments .
Less biography than hagiography , and more suitable to cable TV than theatres .
-LSB- Writer-director -RSB- Mark Forby tempts us with a little known history lesson of Hawaii but , instead , gives us a generic girl-power teen chick flick . That is not what I want to see .
This absolutely fascinating true story is a rich , romantic and captivating movie experience .
This effortlessly evocative , endlessly ennui-inducing paean to Hawaii 's final princess is , ultimately , a dull , Upstairs Downstairs affair .
Historically fanciful and dramatically doltish .
As the doomed princess , Q'orianka Kilcher ... has imperially striking features but limited acting skills .
It contains the kind of stultifying , anything-to-avoid-offence approach one usually only finds in biopics of dead saints or live dictators .
An uneven film that , by trying to satisfy parents with political drama and older children with a love story , leaves both parties wanting .
The production values are exquisite , -LRB- the -RRB- attention to detail admirable .
Lacking a sense of historical and personal context .
It 's all soap-opera histrionics and historical hash , and the writing is the culprit .
Watching Princess Kaiulani , you 're not sure whether to weep for the title character or the actress playing her .
Kilcher is lovely . But sadly , Ka'iulani is a perfunctory biopic of the sort one might encounter on television during Women 's History Month .
Its story plays like a Hawaiian heritage lesson filtered through the melodramatic artifice of an old Hollywood costume drama .
... half stodgy educational docudrama and half harlequin romance .
Like the seashells treasured by the Hawaiian princess of the title , Marc Forby 's bio-pic is gaudy , brittle , and hollow .
In production values , the film is flawless . But it plays too sedately , moves too slowly and contemplates the occupation of a sovereign kingdom with a curious impassivity .
Princess Ka'iulani certainly deserves a biopic . Unfortunately , neither this first-time director nor his inexperienced leading lady was up to the task .
A heroic tale about the Hawaiian royal heir battling against the unsavory greed and raw power of American imperialism .
At times it 's the sort of ridiculously anachronistic period film in which historical characters act like 21st-century teenagers who happen to be wearing hoop skirts .
Deadly earnest intentions and lack of dramatic gumption ensure that the story of Hawaii 's favored daughter remains under-told .
A streamlined , `` Reader 's Digest '' version of real-life events . However , it is a gorgeous , worthwhile re-telling thanks to a fine cast ; top-notch art direction ; a beautiful , mostly piano score by Stephen Warbeck ; and Gabriel Beristain 's ravishing cinematog
The landscapes are exotic and Kilcher is erotic , but the film plays like a generic made-for-TV biopic .
The film is too reverently drawn and self-consciously played to muster any real momentum .
For all its strong points , the picture sometimes plays like the condensation of a miniseries .
A major problem with trying to make a romantic drama out of the history of Hawaii 's Princess Ka'iulani is that she died young , with relatively little chance for romance or drama .
Hawaii 's dismal onscreen track record continues ; bring back James Michener .
A prosaic plod , with events , dates and characters sloppily composited to fit into a two-hour feature .
You mourn the princess not only because of her cruel fate and that of her country , but more personally because of the magnificent way Q'orianka Kilcher portrays her on the screen .
British writer/director Marc Forby drains the inherent drama out of this true story , rendering it a one-dimensional period piece , suitable for the History Channel .
Princess Kaiulani is no The New World .
Unfolding somewhat like Cameron 's Avatar relocated back in time to planet earth , the film ironically excavates a very different homeland security , in resistance to US imperialism . And a rare woman on screen , not living through a man .


@highlight

A middling biopic about an important figure in Hawaiian history , Princes Kaiulani looks and feels like a TV movie of the week and offers about as much insight .