Kevin Tancharoen 's remake of `` Fame '' is a flat , lifeless experience that is missing the emotion required to get us involved with the characters and their situations .
This film showed a darker side of high school life and the performing arts . Some scenes are hard to watch , but that 's because they are so real .
The pageantry really is very nice , especially the dance numbers , but as soon as the music stops , so does Fame . It 's not the worst remake ever made , it 's not even really very bad , just stodgily , repressively mediocre .
Fails to make a significant mark .
absolutely shameless in its sadistic trotting-out of every single rabbit in the tiny teen-pageant top hat .
I 'm gon na live forever ? Fat chance .
Grab the soundtrack , which highlights the great voices amongst the cast , and enjoy the best bits of the film through your iPod .
Fame ! 2009 is destined to become famous for all the wrong reasons .
It 's as if the franchise was remade as a Pepsi commercial .
The fragmented narrative of high school kids pursuing their dreams -LRB- job security -RRB- has just barely more feel and understanding of what it 's like to be young than 17 Again .
Remember the theme song ? `` I feel it coming together/People will see me and cry ... Fame/I 'm gon na live forever/Baby , remember my name . '' Sadly , none of that applies to this hollow , impersonal movie .
Everything is predictable , which is to the detriment of the mostly fine , young talent that appears in this ineffective retread .
This remake of Alan Parker 's 1980 musical follows a rainbow coalition of sketchily characterised teenagers .
Its lack of melodrama and shock value make it all the more refreshing . Consider this film a grittier , inner city cousin of HSM and that 's no back handed compliment
A little too scrubbed and sanitized , with the sharper realities of showbiz sanded down to a PG level .
a totally unoriginal and unnecessary remake that runs far , far away from anything edgy , controversial or interesting .
Thing is , to live forever would mean the eventual re-remake of Fame . And that wo n't do .
The high school is so sanitized that there are no drugs , cutthroat competition , or-inconceivably for a theatrical milieu-no gay students .
... no worse than the original , but that 's plenty bad enough .
The script does n't earn the C average students must maintain for continued enrollment in their performing arts school .
Members of the class of '80 struggled to stay in school despite homelessness and crime ; the greatest crisis in '09 finds a student 's Sesame Street work schedule affecting her GPA .
What `` Fame '' lacks in originality , it makes up for in heart . And that tips the ledger in my book .
Oh , MGM : I realize you 're staving off bankruptcy , but is remaking past hits the answer ?
I think the term 're - imagining ' is code for ` dumbing down . ' 'Re - imagining ' may sound better , but the results are unchanged .
There are enough hoary soap-operatic plottings for a thousand Gossip Girls -LRB- emotionally distant parents , almost-rapes , suicide attempts -RRB- , yet Tancharoen individualizes each crisis so that no one character comes off as a mock-universal surrogate .
` Fame 2009 ' is the cinematic equivalent of Muzak and will leave many viewers longing for the next episode of TV 's ` Glee . '
It is a revealing reflection of its target audience : kids used to keeping up to date via tweets and Facebook status lines ... the entire audience diagnosed with ADD .
... an engaging remake that does n't eclipse the original but neither does it turn it into a travesty .
I do n't mind the cornball and I do n't mind the clichés , but I just think that the thing has to be executed a little better than this .
To me , this updating of the original ` Fame ' beautifully highlights the joys and heartbreaks that come with dedication to the performing arts .
Burnett 's script almost sinks Fame , but the voice of Naturi Naughton , the heart of Dutton , and the energy of Tancharoen give it a pulse . Fame is erratic , but it definitely has a beat .
An enthusiastic yet familiarly recycled reinvention , which is kind of a shame .
The new remake of the 1980 hit ` Fame ' is not going to live forever and has clearly not learned how to fly .
Remakes generally get compared to the originals and sometimes , as in this case , they do n't measure up
This is not , in any sense , an accurate depiction of life at an arts school . It 's a giant MTV VMAs performance .
... despite cliched characters and parents straight from central casting , the performance numbers are executed by some pretty talented kids and Megan Mullally and Bebe Neuwirth are intriguing as the school 's singing and dance instructors .
The devotion to the PG rating is damning , because 8 p.m. shows airing on ABC Family can be edgier and more topical than the new `` Fame . ''
A terrific score coupled with exciting choreography , tight editing and a talented cast make Fame a joyous and upbeat experience .
The movie is salvaged by a few well-choreographed dance numbers and some signature songs . The movie is geared to fans of MTV videos with short attention spans .
I 'm gon na live forever ? Fat chance . How can you expect to live forever when your target audience will lose interest the moment they hit puberty ?
As a group this cast probably would n't even make it past Hollywood week on `` American Idol '' .
Like its gifted if excitable protagonists , Fame would have done well to stay in the classroom a bit more , rather than trolling the New York streets .
It 's almost fatally modest . But it has a sweet spirit , and it offers only one true moment of inadvertent camp : a -LRB- lame -RRB- finale featuring an African dance routine completely at odds with all the white bread we 've just been served .
A bad film that at times is sublimely cheesy .
There are six new songs in the remake , but not one makes any impact , or is likely to end up as the ring tone of 2010 .
Teen musical remake has edgy content for a PG movie .
First-time filmmaker Kevin Tancharoen struggles to flesh out the 10 characters we meet during their freshman year at PA. .
The production numbers are great , sometimes jaw-droppingly so .
Way back in 1980 , when the Oscar-winning theme song of the movie Fame declared `` I 'm gon na live forever , '' it was easy to believe the lyric was an example of artistic license . Now , it 's not so clear .
Nothing resonated , nothing at all , each character just a thinly constructed snapshot of a human being never given enough focus or attention to allow for growth .
Somewhere , Irene Cara weeps .
Ca n't remember any of their names , except for one . Kudos to Kherington Payne who has come a long way since ` So You Think You Can Dance ' . Only standout performance in my book .
This film makes even the most gaudy of Saturday night TV talent contests look like Dostoyevsky in comparison .
Culturally derivative , structurally bland and almost meaningless .
A desperate , cynical -- and most likely unsuccessful -- attempt by a dying studio to stave off oblivion by jumping on the High School Musical bandwagon , exploiting one of its legacy titles in ways that dishonor the original .
The awful truth about no one from the Fame movie or TV show going on to become famous may not yet have dawned on the cast of this new and bizarrely pointless remake .
`` Already ? '' the woman behind me said plaintively when the words `` Sophomore Year '' flashed up on the screen . That 's the joy of this Fame . Like the old ones , it convinces you that high school , if not life , should go on forever .
That fame seems assured to those who merely crave it -- without sacrifice , or spiritual and physical effort -- emerges as the underlying message in this sanitized and unrewarding production . Simon Cowell has much to answer for .
Parental Content Review
Fans of the original wo n't care if this lives forever , but when the kids ' High School Musical DVDs finally become too scratched to play , this should be waiting in the wings .
The title song from Fame begins , `` Baby , look at me/And tell me what you see . '' I 'll bite , baby : I see a faithful remake that is worse than the original in almost every respect .
The picture is fitfully effective , but the story disappears in the editing bay . The movie has about as much heft as watching jesters and fire eaters at a village fair .
Fame offers slick entertainment with some exuberance , but it 's devoid of soul or heart .
Pleasant , undemanding entertainment for drama-club kids and the people who love them -- a family-friendly salute to young performing artists .
A big , bland and bogus clone of a movie update , which runs a half-hour less than the original and only feels like forever .
This may not please MTV fans but will appeal to primetime TV family audiences who 've grown to expect the slickness of The X Factor 's production values . Loads of talent and plenty of pretty faces . What 's not to like ?
Virtually everything about Allison Burnett 's screenplay is blander , dumber and less daring than the original .
But its well-intentioned message and some likeable characters mean the teenage target audience should find plenty to enjoy .
The cinematic equivalent of America 's Got Talent ... Sadly , though , there is no Simon Cowell - and more importantly , no red buzzer .
Unconnected shreds of plot suggest severe editing at some stage and neither characters nor musical routines add up to much .
The world has hardly been breathlessly awaiting a new version of Fame and an older generation will probably find it uncomfortably corny with showbusiness schmaltz smoothing away the rougher edges of the more adult original .
-LSB- Its -RSB- hyperreal documentary quality is combined with a borderline fantasy feeling , which will probably drive some literal-minded viewers up the wall , but which is actually the movie 's best element and its one claim to distinction .
The film does deliver a commendable message about the importance of talent and hard work as opposed to instant , Pop Idol-style celebrity .
In addition to the movie 's general awfulness , there 's an undercurrent of contempt toward the women characters .
Suffers from a surfeit of flash , it nonetheless offers the undeniable power of young performers pursuing art at peak dexterity .
NYC high school students sing , dance , emote in acting classes , and otherwise insist that America 's got talent , but this unnecessarily tepid , conservative remake of 1980 's far more famous and affecting original Fame suggests otherwise .
` Lame ! ' would be a better title for this utterly unmemorable remake of Alan Parker 's edgier , darker , remarkably fresh 1980 multi-Oscar-winner .
Fame 2009 has turns rather than scenes , and its interchangeable students do n't have names to remember so much as tags : `` angry '' , `` nervy '' , `` blonde '' . Most can sing or dance , though the relentless exhibitionism grows tiring .
Tries to do so much in so little time that no characters or storylines get the attention they would need to succeed .
`` Fame '' is content to simply repeat the key moments from the first film without any of the grit or energy that was on display the first time around .
There 's no time taken for their individual progress , so we do n't care about these kids as individuals .
... shows his talents by presenting each musical number as if it were a separate music video , allowing each song to tell it 's own story
Brim -LSB- s -RSB- with enough confidence and promise to carry you through the predictable narrative .
Hardly necessary , but highly enjoyable .
Tancharoen does not bring anything particularly fresh or distinctive to the song and dance elements of the story , but the new group of students -LRB- led by possible star Kay Panabaker as Jenny -RRB- deliver credible-enough performances .
Not going to live forever . Not going to light up the sky like a flame .
Riddled with cliches from beginning to end ... -LSB- a -RSB- misguided exhumation of what was once a pretty lively piece .
Rated PG , it 's almost laughably bland and watered-down in its desire to appeal to the widest possible audience .
Seems a bit lackluster next to the original , 1980 Oscar winner .
Much of Fame draws us in , through the irresistible appeal of young people bursting with energy .
A film that 's largely a raw , uplifting love letter to creativity in every possible form .
A cheesy production with underdeveloped characters that feels more like a TV pilot than a self-contained motion picture .
Tancharoen 's background shows and steps in to save the film : highlights include an infectious rap in the canteen , a Hallowe'en `` Carnevil , '' and a show-stopper in a club , courtesy of Naughton .
A watered-down tone ... causes the movie to drift dramatically between its musical and dance sequences .
Mullally has the most poignant moment , admitting to her students that the reason she teaches is because fame , for her , just was n't in the cards . -LRB- Stardom , more than in the first film , is golden here . -RRB-
Some of the students specialize in classical music , others in dance , and still others in singing and acting , but the one thing they all have in common is their apparent enrollment in Clichés 101 .
As a demo reel showcasing seven promising young talents from their freshman through senior years , it 's pleasant enough . As a movie dramatizing the talent and dedication required to make it , the Fame reboot has fleet feet but lacks heart .
The new Fame has the feel of diluted imitation -- slick , superficial , short on heart .
The '80s sensation is reborn for the High School Musical generation . But sadly , this one 's all fame , no journey .
While there are a few select highlights , it 's nothing new and is certainly nothing exceptional or noteworthy .
Lives are spared in this sugarless new version of Alan Parker 's movie and the TV show it spawned . But innocent songs and unsuspecting dance routines are hacked to bits .
The 1980 film was not great , but its concept was fresher , the music and dance seductive and the stories emotional , but this recycled version is too slick , bland , and overly familiar due to Disney 's High School Musical series and American Idol .
Thanks to the blitheringly awful script -- credited screenwriter Allison Burnett disavows it , and he willingly put his name on Feast of Love and Untraceable -- we barely get to know any of the young lead characters .
The new , unimproved Fame wo n't live forever except in DVD cutout bins , and remembering anyone 's name will be a chore .
This Fame is a film without the guts to show Idolized America that , as Debbie Allen so memorably said way back when , `` Fame costs , and right here 's where you start paying . ''
Forget about living forever : This new Fame will be lucky to hang around for a month .
a front-row seat to a rousing Broadway production
Familiar ? Yes , but not nearly as vapid as most of the musical material out there that encourages teens to believe fame is all that matters .
Fame has today 's usual gritty form of slick to it , but in every other way it 's an Amateur Hour and a half .
I actually feel stupider having watched this film .
The new Fame is a sad reflection of the new Hollywood , where material is sanitized and dumbed down for a hypothetical teen market that is way too sophisticated for it . It plays like a dinner theater version of the original .
Ryan Seacrest probably spends more time on his hair than most of these wannabes seem to spend on their craft .
What was once a neurotic , awkward climb to the summit of personal achievement has been molested into High School Musical 4 . Coco would not approve .








@highlight

Fame is ultimately undone by its choppy editing , its incomplete characterizations , and its apparent desire to appeal to the High School Musical generation .