Like so many films by SNL alumni , it struggles to keep up the pace , and a few good scenes - or skits - are all you get .
It may not be perfect , but what sibling relationship ever is ?!
The end result , complete with token , tacked-on Yuletide ending , is something that -- for the clever , talented Fey , in particular -- is definitely not a step in the right direction .
Sisters looks like the kind of family affair that Judd Apatow and Seth Rogen have dominated the box office with , but these Sisters are doing it for themselves .
At the screening I attended , a man beside me , horrified , kept shouting , `` Oh my GOD ! '' whenever -LSB- Amy -RSB- Poehler or -LSB- Tina -RSB- Fey said anything remotely crude . If that 's not a resounding endorsement , I do n't know what is .
Sisters is a film that is best seen on a plane . That 's about all there is to say about it . But I think that women should be able to coast a bit , as we had a pretty good year .
Sometimes you have to peel off the Band-Aid to let the healing begin , so here it goes : Sisters , the new comedy starring the great Amy Poehler and the great Tina Fey , is crap .
Sisters , like Bridesmaids before it , is a welcome reminder that when world-class women get a chance to helm a big-budget comedy , everybody wins .
Pell 's script , inspired in no small way by her own relationship with her own sister , is so smart , so genuine , as crazy as things might get the human saga at the center remains pure and realistically heartfelt no matter what .
Is Sisters a good movie ? No . No , it is not . Its plot manages to be both jarring -LRB- so many twists ! -RRB- and predictable ; its supporting characters are thin ; it makes gleeful use of tired stereotypes .
Sisters really had me laughing out loud and it would be perfect for a girly cinema trip , but there 's enough material there for the lads to be laughing along as well .
A loose two hours , Sisters is not about anything large or important , it 's just a hilarious film about the bonds of women who take care of their own lives despite copious outside pressures ; just some little stuff like that .
Parts of the film land perfectly ; there 's too much onscreen talent for that not to be the case .
... if we 're going to have one more dumb man-child comedy , at least this one has Tina Fey and Amy Poehler in it .
Equally matched , incredibly likeable , and unflinching in their approach to this risky material , Sisters is worth seeing for the Fey and Poehler Show alone .
` Sisters ' is a Fey & Poehler picture , a comedy vehicle designed to showcase the skills and personalities of its stars , and for the most part , it succeeds .
The party and the script both run too long -- getting a little sloppy toward the end -- but the laughs along the way are genuine , and Fey and Poehler sell their characters ' arcs as the tender heart of this buddy comedy .
`` Sisters '' impossibly comes off like it was conceived , written , and shot in less time than it plays .
Works well as a bunch of sketches stringed together , but lacks a constant rhythm . You 've seen this story a thousand times -LRB- Apatow keeps telling it -RRB- , but with this pair at the center . -LSB- Full Review ins Spanish -RSB-
Sisters is an excellent farce that goes over every party and sibling reunion comedy beat without being exceedingly original . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A raucous comedy about two wild and wayward sisters who just want to have fun .
A bad film that could 've been eben worse if it was n't for it 's protagonists charm . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Let 's hope this is not a sign of things to come from two actresses that stand as trailblazers in the largely male-dominated world of comedy .
This movie would have been better with a heavier focus on just these two rather than bringing in their SNL entourage
Fey and Poehler want to show that women can behave as badly as men , but in a way that never compromises their essential niceness . It 's possible to have both , but in this movie , it feels too much like pulled punches .
Even when Paula Pell 's screenplay falters , the likeability of the central pairing is more than enough to carry the picture .
You feel like you 're at that party that refuses to die , and all the really interesting people are on the other side of the room doing funny things you strain to overhear .
Agent One : `` Hey , we just signed Tina Fey and Amy Poehler to a movie about sisters who visit their childhood home , only to find that their parents have sold it out from under them . '' Agent Two : `` Sounds great . Who 's doing the script ? '' Agent One : `` Script ? ''
One of the most disappointing films I 've seen in a while .
While it wo n't be immortalised in the enduring annals of cinema , it did trigger some unexpectedly visceral reactions from me .
Okay , there are some solid one-liners -LRB- including two - count 'em ! - tampon jokes -RRB- , and Maya Rudolph is reliably excellent as an uppity spoilsport , Brinda . But the best gags are few and far between , and the movie starts to lag like a lengthy sitcom .
There 's no shortage of comedic talent on screen , yet Sisters plays a bit like a raunchy stand up routine , loosely stitched together by a narrative that begs for more than crass , out-to-shock verbal torrent
Tina Fey and Amy Poehler are an unbeatable comedy team . That does n't make them infallible .
In what can be taken as an extended and belated apology for their woeful 2008 comedy Baby Mama , funny femmes Tina Fey -LRB- 30 Rock -RRB- and Amy Poehler -LRB- Parks and Recreation -RRB- team up as sisters for another girls-behaving-badly slapstick comedy .
Sisters is a knucklehead comedy - sporadically amusing and always happy to resort to dick jokes - saved a little by the appeal of its leads .
Is this the collabo between our brightest , savviest comedy players that we 've been dreaming of ? Not quite . It 's easy to want more from Sisters , if only because Fey and Poehler have already given us so much .
It 's a bit like Animal House for girls , but not as freewheeling .
Though Sisters does briefly achieve the right levels of relentlessly reckless humour at the height of the aforementioned party , there are protracted spells either side of the main event where even a mild chuckle is hard to find .
Sisters is the Fey-Poehler feature-length team-up many have been waiting for .
Sisters is an uneven mix of raunchy farce and sincerity that 's elevated by the undeniable chemistry between Tina Fey and Amy Poehler .
More wit would be welcome , but Fey and Poehler keep things humming
There 's a darker undertone to the story that is touched upon but not given the gravitas it requires .
Fresh , funny , and heartfelt , Sisters makes up for what it lacks in plot with a rolling succession of tear-inducing jokes and a gaggle of hard-partying characters that you would actually want to buy a drink for .
Paula Pell 's script is like a distended Saturday Night Live skit , overworking one lame joke : what if a bunch of forty-somethings threw the kind of party you only see in movies about hormonal teenagers ?
This hectic and sentimental comedy , though built on a firm foundation of familiar experience and stifled pain , is a sad waste of sparkling talent .
A ribald treat .
It 's a bad sitcom sprinkled with F-bombs .
Anyone expecting Fey or Poehler to reprise their more cerebral sitcom roles on , respectively , 30 Rock and Parks and Recreation should be aware that they go all salty here . And why not ?
Neither performer has quite generated the same sparks in cinema . After its weak opening 20 minutes , however , Sisters reverses that pattern .
Even the best comedians miss the mark sometimes , and while Sisters is n't a bomb , it is a bit of a disappointment .
Tina Fey and Amy Poehler are two talented performers who can achieve comedic brilliance in worthy projects . This film is n't one of them .
Even though the movie is very loosely plotted and slightly outstays its welcome , Fey and Poehler have perfect comic timing and it 's the ripe and racy patter between them that keeps the energy levels up when most people would just call it a night .
Casting Amy Poehler and Tina Fey as sisters is an irresistible idea that should have been resisted until a better script came along .
Sisters invites you to feel `` included '' , no matter your point of entry . But feeling part of what 's familiar is n't by definition funny . It might be meta - or post - joking . It might also be just old .
I always knew there was a bad girl lurking behind -LSB- Fey 's -RSB- spectacles , just waiting to attack .
This film 's a shapeless , frenzied beast that , despite surrounding the leads with other gifted comic performers , does n't know when to stop .
Tina Fey and Amy Poehler are so comfortable working together that they 're able to easily rise above uneven material , which is what they do in Sisters .
As has so often been the case when it comes to Fey 's movie choices , an opportunity has been lost .
This is a great movie for fans of Tina Fey and Amy Poehler who are OK with laughing until they cry at dirty jokes that have no right being that funny . Anybody who 's just one , the other , or neither , should probably steer clear .
Sisters proves that Fey and Poehler still have a commanding presence on screen , and the surgical precision needed to find and manipulate our funny bone with just a look .
From their inspired pairing on Saturday Night Live and their hysterical 2008 comedy Baby Mama to their riotous hosting of the Golden Globes , Tina Fey and Amy Poehler are one of the funniest double-acts in recent memory .
Fey and Poehler share a chemistry that elevates the sketch level comedy .
The one questions that reverberates through SISTERS is why did n't the stars , Amy Poehler and Tina Fey , write the script ?
Tina Fey and Amy Poehler do far more for this film than the film does for them .
I think I chuckled three times while watching `` Sisters '' and none involved the titular siblings .
Fey and Poehler are just looking for a good time , and it 's duly appreciated . The only poison they put in themselves is a few too many shots , but if Sisters is any indicator , they 're happy to share .
A demonstration that when you get enough funny people together , it often results in a good amount of laughs .
These girls might just wan na have fun , but they do n't have many fresh ideas to do so .
This is n't an uproarious romp through the minds of capable enthusiasts , but it is funny , sweet and good-natured .
I laughed out loud a few times , but mostly I was appalled by the juvenile , and distinctly , unfunny screenplay .
`` Sisters '' is one of the laziest attempts at comedy in recent memory , and it is my leading candidate for worst film of the year .
A crude , silly misstep on the part of both Fey and Poehler .
On paper , SISTERS is pretty fluffy , and a close examination of its plot does n't help it any . But Poehler and Fey are so joyous , so lively , so imminently watchable and endlessly hilarious , that SISTERS does n't need any other help .
... just another post-Apatow comedy that needed a far more stringent hand in the editing room .
At this point Fey and Poehler have perfected that kind of in-sync comic timing . If they can apply that to movies that are actually good , they may still make some classics .
I think timing and mediocrity will turn Sisters into a forgotten footnote of cinematic history .
In the end there 's nothing surprising in `` Sisters , '' except for the fact that it is n't anything more than a party movie .
It 's with no small reluctance I report Sisters is a depressing , overlong , repetitive slapstick disaster in which two of the most appealing stars around wallow in the muck AND the mire , figuratively and literally .
Fun but predictable comedy has swearing , drinking , sex .
Though light on plot and in need of a runtime haircut , Sisters is as rapid fire , energetic , and raunchy as any comedy this year .
... it 's a movie that lets Gen Xers indulge in their wild youth while reminding them that time has marched on .
Turns out Tina Fey ca n't pull off a decent Amy Schumer impersonation .
Fey and Poehler ... seem simultaneously giddy with the chance to be so naughty and far too smart for such stupidity .
The two performers have a good comedic chemistry together , and some of the one-liners -LRB- that fly fast and furious -RRB- are pretty funny . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Violence , Profanity , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
Clearly the hope here , for the studio and fans , is that Sisters will be received as the next Bridesmaids or Trainwreck . They 'll just have to keep hoping .
Why is Tina Fey trying to be Will Ferrell ?
Sisters gets into its groove when the Ellis Island party gets underway , and there 's a figurative revolving door of Saturday Night Live cast members and writers woven into the plot .
Unfortunately , Sisters just is n't worthy of all the talent involved .
You feel that there is a good and maybe even a meaningful comedy here . But it never gets its act together .
Packed with nostalgic '80s nods , sibling rivalry and the kind of raging house party many of us once dreamt of -LRB- but now secretly fear -RRB- , things starts slow but build to a crescendo of chaos and carnage .
BFFs Amy Poehler and Tina Fey clearly had a whale of a good time making this movie . Watching it is another story , and not a good one .
Often hilarious but frequently frustrating , this raucous raunch comedy suffers from a common problem , especially with Saturday Night Live reunion movies . Its script does n't live up to its stars .
Although the humor does n't always go down smoothly , watching two masters work is worth the hangover .
Why is it that some actors or comics can indulge in potty-mouth , sexually and socially dubious raunch and get away with it while others simply make you cringe ?
remains enjoyable thanks to the chemistry between Fey and Poehler and their dynamic performances
Fey and Poehler are the only reason to go to this party .
Think of it as a chance for two people who have been at the top of their game for more than a decade to celebrate their good fortune with a bit of a victory lap . And then another lap .
`` Sisters '' is a reminder that we generally love Tina Fey and Amy Poehler for everything except their movies .
The movie settles for being a party comedy and little else .
It 's a movie that constantly tries to outdo its previous gag , and that process becomes more tiring than anything else .
It definitely carries a vibe that says you 'd be better off being cast in the movie than paying to see it .
Badly directed -LRB- by Jason Moore -RRB- , badly written -LRB- by Paula Pell -RRB- , badly performed and bad news for anyone who cares about the quality of big-screen comedy .
`` Sisters '' is a witty and occasionally wise take on sibling bonds and adulthood - even if the latter only arrives kicking and screaming .
Fey and Poehler are a hard duo to beat , even if accepting them as sisters invites some suspension of disbelief . Their characters are genuinely funny and endearing .
The movie settles , and that 's the real disappointment in Sisters , in which two women realize that their lives should have more meaning . That they should n't simply settle .
Not every joke works , on paper or on screen . But Fey and Poehler at least look like they 're having fun , and they make it easy to get pulled along for the ride , no matter how awkward it gets .
Sisters is a feelgood Hollywood movie , so of course it all ends neatly , with loose ends tied up and Kate and Maura having learnt a life lesson . But it 's not too icky , the laugh count is high , and Fey and Poehler are simply excellent .
Short on wit and long on vulgarity , though Fey and Poehler strike a blow for gender equality by proving they can scrape their jokes off the floor as well as any man .
Sisters has a patchily funny first act but unleashes pure comedic chaos once the party gets started .
An entertaining portrait of modern womanhood .
The same effortless chemistry that made the comedians such ideal Golden Globes hosts is on full display in this broad comedy , given extra oomph by a wise and glorious R rating that opens the floodgates of creative vulgarity .
Despite some jokes falling flat , `` Sisters '' is nearly nonstop laughter that makes you hope for more pairings of Fey and Poehler , and perhaps a stronger script that could really take advantage of their comic personalities .
Somehow grownup jokes Christmas-gift-wrapped by these two smart , classy leading ladies makes the dirty seem merely naughty .
Even when I was laughing , even when well-written lines were well-delivered , it was hard to shake the feeling that I 'd seen it all before .
Whatever characters they 're playing , Fey and Poehler can be counted on to infuse even their crassest moments with disarming likability . `` Sisters '' goes for broke in both directions , with winning , helplessly entertaining results .
Vulgar , occasionally funny cinematic splatter , with Tina Fey and Amy Poehler doing broad , tacky strokes as two sisters who are back in their hometown raising hell .
Maybe I was n't in the mood . But it 's hard to watch so many shrewd comic talents struggle against the tide , in harsh close-up , which so rarely works in low comedy .
I counted five laughs in the whole movie , and these were mild laughs , at best .
`` Sisters '' is that rare Hollywood comedy that 's actually better than the promo trailers - which had anxious fans fearing the hilarious pair had lost their touch .
It 's a sweet , funny comedy starring two of the best and brightest in the game .
`` Sisters '' is a movie to go out and see when you 've run out of television to watch .
The girls-just-want-to-have-fun philosophy behind this gross-out misfire proves no more appealing than the numerous examples of crass frat-boy rowdiness that have filled the screen over the past decade .
For many of us who enjoy seeing Tina Fey and Amy Poehler in just about anything , `` Sisters '' reminds us that even their massive appeal can only carry a film so far .
While you may think you 've seen `` Sisters '' countless times before , it often feels refreshing and even pleasingly subversive through the sheer force of nature that is Fey and Poehler 's well-established bond .
`` Sisters '' has pockets of hilarity , which saves it from becoming another formulaic drag , always more compelling when it permits Fey and Poehler to work their natural chemistry and explore escalating instability .
Sisters is a funny movie and a brilliant piece of counter-programming ... As naughty nostalgia goes , this is as good as it gets .
Basically , without Tina Fey and Amy Poehler , there would n't be any reason for this movie to exist . But maybe Tina Fey and Amy Poehler are reason enough .
You 've pretty much seen this movie before , but the chemistry between Fey and Poehler - famously pals off-screen - is , of course , a kick , particularly in throwaway scenes where they seem to be happily wandering off script .
It 's hard to believe that despite having two equally funny women , Sisters fails to connect and feels like a let-down .
A regurgitation of Apatowian formula , wherein ostensibly edgy humor hides a core of conservative moralizing .
Admittedly , the groaner gags and physical shtick are piled on thicker than '80s mascara , and the movie goes overboard here and there -LRB- mud wrestling ? really ? -RRB- , but hanging with Amy and Tina always makes for an excellent adventure .
With few exceptions , however-like a particularly awkward moment between Maura and the guy she 's trying to woo -LRB- Ike Barinholtz -RRB- - the scenes generally feel like punch lines in search of something to hold them all together .
A crazier , filthier , swearier film than the Rogen-led ` The Night Before , ' and it even knows how to make the fun hurt more .
This alleged comedy has exactly three laughs , and they are n't supplied by the stars but by Jon Cena , John Leguizamo and a music box . `` Sisters '' feels like `` Project X '' for grownups who should know better .
Sisters is an old-school laugh riot , with a parade of talented comedians scoring here , there , and everywhere .
Poehler and Fey attain Bridesmaids heights , with Fey working bluer than a Smurf sailor and wringing nonstop laughs from her potty-mouthed riffs .
Jokes are hit and miss in `` Sisters , '' but Amy Poehler and an against-type Tina Fey carry the part-raucous , part-slice-of-life nature of the script with ease .
Tina Fey and Amy Poehler continue their comic winning streak with `` Sisters , '' a gross-out comedy motored by girl power that 's funnier than hell . Raunchier , too .
It 's not Fey and Poehler who screw this film up ; it 's the lazy screenplay and low energy that proves the ultimate party foul .
What 's quietly revolutionary about Sisters is that it 's a dumb-party movie like a million others .
Fey and Poehler bring irrepressible chemistry and ace comic timing to this thoroughly run-of-the-mill house-party comedy , but the puerile and predictable material is beneath them .
Surrounded by a lively ensemble of party people , Tina Fey and Amy Poehler are in their metier making vulgar comedy for just short of two hours .
A smartly written , expertly performed comedy that offers laughs , big and small , from start to finish .
While Tina Fey and Amy Poehler are always terrific together , this saucy comedy is silly and snarky - straining to earn its raunchy R-rating .
Sorry for the buzzkill . Tina Fey and Amy Poehler have effortless chemistry , but their raucous comedy is ... just OK .
What 's lacking in the concept is mostly made up for ... by the loony chemistry of its leads , two comedic life partners whose onscreen bond feels as familiar and close as actual sisters ' .
The just-right mix of wistfulness , snark , and painful personal growth makes this nonstop hilarious , with humor that gets women in a way movies rarely do .
A smartly written and superbly acted comedy that delivers plenty of big laughs .
Writer Paula Pell nails the regression we all slip into the instant we set foot inside in our childhood homes .
The best comic duo since Lemmon and Matthau shine in this long , raunchy riff on adults throwing a high school-style house party .
Sisters represents everything that 's currently wrong with American movie comedy .
They deliver vulgarity with an undercurrent of heart , or heart with a side order of vulgarity , and there 's plenty of smartly observed humour too ...
There is n't much of a story aside from Poehler 's aim to bed the hunk down the road and Fey 's attempts to keep a priggish Maya Rudolph from crashing the scene but putting a feminine touch to the standard frat-house formula lends a certain edge .
The set pieces combine great performances with slyly clever writing .
It is overlong and a tad repetitive but a hoot .
Delivers a consistent stream of laughs even as it descends into overegged chaos .
Further proof that Hollywood has become an equal-opportunity employer where the gross-out comedy genre is concerned , but as the f-bombs rain down it 's hard not to feel Fey and Poehler deserve a far sharper and smarter vehicle for their talents than this .
It 's a shame that this supremely talented duo is participating in such lowest-common-denominator , puerile material .
Fey and Poehler have a fantastic chemistry and are blessed with a sort of `` everything they touch turns to funny '' genius -- and the result is a heart-warming , nostalgic laugh-riot .
What makes Sisters seem so fresh and funny , in spite of its recycling of old gross-out gags , is the sly wit of Paula Pell 's screenplay .
Very entertaining without ever convincing as a story .
Laugh-out-loud in places . Frustratingly flat in others . Sporadic giggles guaranteed . Fey and Poehler 's comic chemistry is undeniable ; shame the script did n't get a Liz Lemon rewrite .
This is n't going to get much traction in awards season : but it 's smart and entertaining .
A raucous and outrageously -LRB- if harmlessly -RRB- crude slapstick comedy ...
It 's heartening to see energetic supporting players accommodated so generously in a vehicle otherwise decisively steered by its two smashing leads , whose ping-ponging chemistry does n't drop for a minute .
Stands in marked contrast to many of the heavily-improvised bro comedies of the last few years , actually taking time over its comic bits rather than just throwing every rambling , shambling improv routine up on the screen .
An irrepressibly bawdy , sometimes hilarious comedy ...
It 's witty , painfully incisive , quietly emotional , brilliantly charismatic , female-centred fun .
Fey throws herself into the showier role with admirable aplomb , but it 's Poehler 's quieter , more endearing turn that elevates the film beyond a whole-lotta-crazy .

@highlight

Sisters ' sharp blend of pathos and vulgarity , along with Tina Fey and Amy Poehler 's effervescent chemistry , are more than enough to make up for the handful of laughs this coming-of-age comedy leaves on the table .