A small sun-dappled pleasure of a film .
The whole thing seems like it was dreamed up during a sleepy afternoon by the Italian seaside , and is guaranteed to put viewers into a similarly soporific state .
In a raucous movie summer , this is a film for those who appreciate wisteria and sunshine , and a recollection of a time when women and movies could be purveyors of enchantment .
An undeniably pretty but ultimately vacant period drama .
Elegant period film explores deep emotions .
Strong cast 's reliable playing is undercut by a script that dawdles over well-trod territory .
It reminded me of the introspective but otherwise soft-hitting stories that my mother reads in her monthly book club . It 's a rich film , but not the kind of rich that I like .
Thematically , Mike Newell 's film is similar to A Room With a View , focusing on the liberating impact of an Italian vacation on repressed , downtrodden Brit femmes , well acted by Joan Plowright , Miranda Richardson and Polly Walker .
One ca n't help but start planning a vacation immediately after the film ends
Like April weather most places north of the Mediterranean , this one is lukewarm , at best .
... behind that precious romanticism is a genuine commitment to this emotional renewal .
A sweet pipe dream , Enchanted April wo n't bear much scrutiny ; just bask in it indulgently like a spring sun .
Personalities clash but are cheerfully reconciled , and marital tensions are swiftly resolved .
Exquisite -- it will bloom inside you the way Italy blooms inside the characters .
The ladies are well bred , the scenery is lovely and the dialogue is polished and polite . It helps that the same villa in Portofino where Miss von Armin wrote the novel has been used to fine effect as the film 's principal setting .
Beautifully filmed and acted with a pleasant , wry sense of humor about it . Mirand Richardson shows why she is one of our greatest living actresses .
Pleasant , but awfully thin
Shows how a holiday can become a spiritual experience .
Personalities clash but are cheerfully reconciled , and marital tensions are swiftly resolved .
Is it fair to ask why usually sophisticated Americans turn to mush over this particular variety of moribund ersatz art ?
It would seem from a spate of films lately that the English can only find their warmer , truer selves abroad -- usually in Italy . Enchanted April takes this familiar path , but traipses along with charm and glory , as if for the very first time .
The movie 's main weakness is the premise that sun , flowers , Mediterranean air and , certainly , castle living , are magical restoratives strong enough to salve all social ills .
An utter delight .
This film seamlessly bridges the gap between E. M. Forster social indignation and a Shakespearean romanticism .
That 's what 's appealing about the movie -LRB- everyone walks away happy -RRB- and also forgettable -LRB- everyone walks away mush -RRB- .






@highlight

Mike Newell 's adaptation of Elizabeth von Arnim 's moves at a more generous pace than the 1935 version , allowing excellent performances from Miranda Richardson and Joan Plowright to flourish .