As self-help comedy , the movie is no more overdetermined than its own highbrow counterpart , Happy-Go-Lucky .
It 's a decent enough time-killer for Carrey fans and those after something light and non-taxing after a heavy Christmas Day feast .
I have to admit that it was pretty funny a lot of the time .
As much as I try to convince myself I 'm tired of Jim Carrey , darn it , he almost always amuses me .
A ready-made Christmas-time crowd-pleaser that pretty much plays it safe , even in its cruder moments , and will be in circulation on cable soon enough .
Mr. Carrey 's performance is a return to the rubber-faced roles that dominated multiplexes in the mid - to late '90s , and that 's not necessarily a good thing .
Yes Man is proof that reverse psychology works ; No , it 's not worth seeing because , no , it 's not that funny .
The benefits of grounding comedy in reality are never-ending , and Yes Man takes advantage of most of them . Peyton Reed is officially one of my favorite comic directors .
-LSB- The -RSB- writers ... pay lip service to the dark side of ` yes , ' but do n't do enough to explore what could have made the film more than a bouncy entertainment . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
... Jim Carrey 's most entertaining comedy since 1997 's Liar Liar ...
I found myself having a few pleasant chuckles but still frustrated at the movie for not bothering with telling a story that has n't already been told a million times before .
A film that has little plot until the last act , yet Carrey rises above it to bring it to an acceptable level .
... a pleasant surprise : a romantic comedy that is cute , amiable , and winning without being excessively tedious , saccharine , or gross .
we wo n't be awarding points for originality , but sometimes the familiar can be just fine
Sporadically funny , mostly amusing and harmless .
Peyton Reed peca por jamais conseguir definir o tom que pretende empregar .
Jim Carrey 's career has succumbed to painfully mediocre comedies and genre missteps for so long that `` Yes Man '' barely registers even as you 're watching it .
The most even-keeled , pleasant and mainstream movie Jim Carrey has made in many a moon .
Numbingly predictable and not as filled with action as the misleading poster suggests .
It 's charming enough with some nice comedy touches , but the initially intriguing premise is soon railroaded out of sight by its desire to conform to a tried-and-tested cinematic formula .
Put bluntly , do n't be afraid to say ` no ' to Yes Man .
It 's a bland , high-concept comedy where the producers seem to have entered the spirit of the thing by saying yes to every random idea the writers came up with .
Sort of ho-hum stuff , but nice to see a cameo from Rhys Darby , from TV 's Flight of the Conchords .
It 's that rare thing - an example of Hollywood getting hold of a good idea , working on it ... and not screwing it up .
This dreadful comedy starts from a rotten premise and goes downhill with a series of unfunny sketches , crass product placements and roles that degrade those who have ill-advisedly taken them .
Yes Man is a terrific feelgood comedy , with Jim Carrey in brilliant form .
Yes Man founders on a weak script and the rock of Carrey 's alarmingly subdued shtick . What has happened to the man who used to combine the verbal surrealism of James Joyce with the body movements of St Vitus ?
It 's little more than an enjoyable enough excuse to put the increasingly droopyjowled Carrey through the expected variety of rubberfaced situations . Should you see it ? Yeahbutnobutmaybe .
Yes Man is not the edgy hit it so longs to be . When you look into the eyes of Stamp and the rest , what you see is embarrassed amusement . They said yes - to a big fat paycheque - and laughed all the way to the bank .
Likeable comedy that 's enlivened by a strong premise , a handful of laugh-out-loud moments and a superb supporting cast .
Do n't expect much more out of this film than what you have seen in Liar , Liar .
t 's easy to wish that Jim Carrey had declined the chance to appear in this film that celebrates saying `` Yes '' to life 's possibilities .
May not deliver the huge laughs one may expect , but there are a fair amount of chuckles and a whole lot of surprisingly effective sweetness .
Terence Stamp 's cantankerous self-help guru is a movie high point , a subtly comic performance of contrasts between what is practised and preached . And if the film 's not always funny , it certainly works as romance .
A diverting vehicle that buzzes along with some real effervescence , though it 's a shame Carrey 's not reaching higher .
Carrey does n't always attract comic material as smart as he is . Yes Man comes close . But no cigar .
No , man .
The central theme of this rather over-egged comedy is strong enough to keep us interested . Although the film itself is far too corny
Carrey does not give his normal idiotically over-the-top performance . Buttressed by a good performance by Deschanel , this is yet another current film that pleasantly surprised me .
Reed takes on a fun , but not exactly brilliant screenplay and turns in a comedy funny enough to while away a couple of pleasant hours this holiday season .
Jim Carrey is still a very funny man but this movie is like deja vu all over again .
Either you 're in the mood for some mid-nineties Jim Carrey comfort food that 's high on sugar and low on content , or you 're not . It 's as simple as that .
Falls squarely into the category of seen-Carrey-do-this-before , and it 's surprising how few laughs there are on his character 's path to self-improvement .
I think this movie needs to be skipped .
Contrived and silly to say the least .
The problem is , as refreshingly original as this can sometimes be the film still tends to stall out again and again mainly due to its own inability to maintain focus .
Is Yes Man worth seeing ? Yes ... but feel free to wait for the DVD .
There is nothing new or ambitious about Yes Man . It is intended to be a textbook Jim Carrey silly comedy , and honestly , that 's just fine by me .
I had to give this movie two ratings . One of the scenes is simply briliant . The rest % u2026isn ` t.
Much of the time we are watching a middle-aged man hoping to recapture the glory of his youth . Yes Man is Carrey 's cinematic substitute for a little red sports car .
` Yes Man ' serves as a showcase for Jim Carrey 's comedy skills . It 's designed strictly for laughs -- and there are plenty of them here .
Yes Man is more forgettable than awful , not the hit that it should have been but far from the most unbearable gift Hollywood has handed out in this lackluster holiday season .
Another dog of a comedy , lame even in comparison to what Carrey 's done in the past , and its tiresome premise does n't do much to help the matter .
Is Jim Carrey , in his first full-blown comedy in three years , still funny ? ... Yes .
I wo n't say Yes to Yes Man or no . The best it gets is a definite maybe .
The film is full of goofy , joyful moments , anchored by the sweet chemistry between Carrey and Deschanel as well as a life-affirming message that everyone could use these days .
I ca n't blame anyone for saying no to Yes Man or at least waiting until it makes its way to your local video store .
-LSB- It -RSB- wo n't change your life , and may occasionally make you wince , but for those who want to go to the movies to escape ... it does the trick .
It 's not Shakespeare , but Yes Man is a very funny movie and provides one of the best escapes in theaters right now .
Carrey comedy breaks no new ground but draws ample laughs .
It 's a small , nice return to form by Jim Carrey .
The first time I saw Yes Man , I thought the concept was getting kind of stale toward the end . As it turns out , that was only the trailer .
If you own the superior Liar Liar , you might as well stay home and watch it again . When Hollywood ca n't be both-ered to come up with new ideas , we have every right to just say no .
There are flat performances in the film , false situations and bad lines , but the laughs are there and the message about personal transformation is timeless .
Deschanel and Carrey have surprising chemistry . She can match him shtick for shtick , while Carrey draws from his Serious Actor skills to add warmth to the romance part of the story .
Yes Man is fine as far as Carrey comedies go , but it 's even better as a love story that just happens to make you laugh .
Yes Man is a nice movie about the benefits and limits of approaching life with an upbeat attitude , but a comedy that was actually hilarious would 've had the same effect -- and been a lot more entertaining .
What saves the movie , other than the occasional good laugh , is the charming work done by Carrey 's co-star Zooey Deschanel .
Despite some brief vulgarity , this Carrey comedy has charm and -- surprise ! -- a worthwhile message .
Director Peyton Reed keeps the movie handsome , but there 's little of the style he brought to the overlooked Down With Love or even the dire-but-distinctive The Break-Up .
Yes , you should see this film because it was great to see Carrey back in his physical humor form and it brings some great laughs to the table .
Allows Carrey to deliver his best comedic performance since The Truman Show and , like that film , satisfyingly falls halfway between the juvenile antics of his earlier movies and the ponderous range-stretching of fare like The Majestic .
There is the potential for kooky chemistry -- Deschanel with her spacey line readings and perpetually dilated pupils , Carrey with his demented energy -- but something does n't click .
Not far from that of Liar Liar , one of Mr. Carrey 's biggest hits of the mid - '90s ... That film was a philosophical tour de force compared with this one .
Given the gloom of this season 's holiday releases it is positively cheering just to see a character turn his frown upside down .
If you 're thinking ` yuck , ' you 're right .
This PG-13 rated film is perfectly appropriate for any 13-year-old who has served time in an adult prison .
With Yes Man , Carrey has bled the well dry , doing everything he knows how to do , over and over again , just to prove that he still knows how to do it .
The comedy , to the extent there is any , consists mainly of Carrey 's verbal asides and strained reactions to people . The script gives him very little to work with .
Though it 's a star vehicle , Carrey seems only marginally interested in rehashing the role of sweet spaz , and so he almost feels miscast .
Yes Man is a typical Carrey vehicle -LRB- schematically , it 's a lot like Liar Liar -RRB- , but it 's better than most of them due to a top-notch supporting cast .
It 's a fairly appealing romantic-comedy ending , mind you , and it 's in keeping with the rest of the film : I enjoyed it , but I did n't buy it for a second .
Jim Carrey 's new comedy is enjoyable enough for what it is , a clever idea developed by fits and starts .
Some of it is funny . Much of it is n't . The committee-written plot seems tired and recycled .
The movie itself is a comedic anachronism , out of step with this post-Judd Apatow world .
Yes Man puts him back in the same old quandary and , once again , Carrey lacks an identity . Alas , this time , he also lacks a script .
It 's obvious Carrey still has the juice ; he just needs someone to give him the right squeeze .
It 's a lazy comedy that relies on crudity and on other easy , cheap humor and jokes rather than trying to do something that 's actually clever .
It 's nice to see a high-concept comedy with such a generous concept .
It 's a cynical attempt , ultimately , to make obnoxious people palatable by throwing them into a tub of romantic comedy .
With a premise far more promising than anything offered up onscreen , and a star treading water where once he tore **** up , Yes Man is a comedy in theory only .
If ever a movie mistook a premise for a plot , it 's this one . Some films suffer from a surfeit of one-liners . This picture evaporates midway through because the story itself is a one-liner .
`` Yes Man '' is enjoyable because Carrey , after making his fateful decision , instills such childlike exuberance in his character , whether it is learning to pilot a plane , play the guitar or speak Korean .
When a girl who makes ` life happen ' meets a guy who needs to 'em brace the possible ' -- well , the result ought to be harder to swallow than this generally agreeable romantic comedy .
Yes Man starts out wobbly but ends up quite nicely , primarily because Carrey has a wonderful acting partner in Zooey Deschanel , the singer-actress with the saucer eyes and unpredictable , behind-the-beat comic timing .
It 's banal and inane ; Jim Carrey needs better projects .
Parental Content Review
Making a hilarious jab at the self-help masses and their worked-up gurus , this latest Jim Carrey vehicle affords him delicious comedic opportunities as a newly recruited adherent to a kind of `` Positivism for Dummies '' movement . Worshippers of Carrey 's timi
Yes ! We can take everything that is intriguingly dark and almost sinister about crying-on-the-inside clown Jim Carrey and make it light ! and upbeat ! and unambiguous !
A frolicsome spiritual comedy about a loser whose life is turned around when he opens himself up to a new world of possibilities by saying yes to what presents itself .
Yes Man rediscovers Jim Carrey 's comic mojo ... but it wo n't be enough to restore him as King of Film Comedy .
There 's a thoughtful story here struggling to bloom , and the movie stamps it down at every opportunity . Even Jim Carrey 's classic manic energy , usually so welcome , is oppressive .
The real question could well be why does Jim Carrey say Yes to these stupid films that do nothing to showcase his considerable talent . The main problem with Yes Man is not the basic concept , but the fact that the story is not grounded in reality
The gimmick creates sets for Jim Carrey to be crazy . He 's still at it , finding new ways to contort his body and twist his face . That 's really the difference that makes any generic gimmick more entertaining than someone else 's .
Yes Man is a pleasant , albeit minor , surprise that actually harkens back to Carrey 's glory days with a solid , satisfying comedy that aims to please and mostly hits its mark .
Much like the self-help guru it enables , it exists solely to get your money like a good little follower and then ask you to ignore the doubt that comes with having plunked down exorbitant theater prices for a barely average comedy .
An especially lame comedy with a premise so threadbare that it might have been deemed unsuitable for a Rob Schneider direct-to-video vehicle and an execution so tired and listless that it almost makes you yearn for the likes of `` Ace Ventura II ''
Great concept , but no one has any idea what to do with it once they 've gotten there .
has its entertaining moments to make you giggle , but part of me feels a little sorry for Carrey
The film nicely hints at the interconnection of all things and the way the messages we send out to the universe -- whether yes or no -- reverberate and return to us .
A film for our time , in the Frank Capra tradition .
It 's a formula picture all the way , but Carrey and the supporting cast sure make it seem better than that .
the flimsiest comedic premise of Carrey 's career
Director Peyton Reed is n't sure what to make of the premise : is this a therapeutic uplifter or an excuse to make Carrey mug while popping wheelies on expensive motorcycles ?
In a comedy era ennobled by the crackling wit of Vince Vaughn , Steve Carell and Tina Fey , Yes Man comes across as innocent , quaint , pitiable , as one-note as borscht belt humor and not committed enough to support great slapstick .
So ironically , taking the movie 's message to heart and living your life actually means skipping a time waster like this one .
A movie about taking risks should not be this safe .
... when -LSB- Carrey 's -RSB- on , orchestrating a fall like Rube Goldberg , taping up his face or hyper-monologuing his way through a soliloquy on Red Bull , he 's a comic treat .
Deschanel and Carrey make for indifferent romantic partners . Both are pleasant enough , but no one 's going to look at the two together and think , what a great couple they make .
The combination of the familiar scenario and his broadly comic style seems stale .
Perhaps Yes Man 's writers got confused by the film 's tag line , ` Yes Is the New No . ' In honor of that convoluted axiom , here 's my one-word review . Should you go see Yes Man ? : Yes .
Watching Carrey get goofy again is entertaining ...
A high-concept comedy that you can practically set your watch to . It 's pleasant enough , yes , but it 's also exceedingly predictable and the screenplay forces conflict upon the plot at the sacrifice of the characters ' IQs .
No comedy classic , but it packs enough laughs into 104 minutes to justify the price of admission -LRB- or at least a matinee ticket -RRB-
Carrey 's gusto helps to squeeze some pleasure out of the familiarity of it all , but the film hardly satisfies that special need to be slapped around by a comedy .
It has more chuckles than guffaws , maybe because Carrey has always been a comic actor who says yes yes yes . Literalizing that impulse only robs it of surprise .
Is Yes Man an entertaining Jim Carrey vehicle ? No sirree .
Jim Carrey works the premise for all it 's worth , but it does n't allow him to bust loose and fly .
Yes Man proves utterly formulaic .
Yes Man is slight and only mildly entertaining , but it could be just the thing to set Carrey back on the right path .
There 's also satisfaction in more of the same , and that 's exactly what Carrey dishes out in this return to form .
Is Yes Man a riot ? Yes , and no . Zooey does n't have much to do except the laugh track thing to Carrey 's antics . And on a positive note , Carrey gets to make out with three women and also moon the audience biker style , if that 's your thing .
A much better romance than comedy as the chemistry between Carrey and Deschanel makes Carl and Allison look like they 're really cut out for each other .
It 's these little moments of avoiding cliché that made me forgive Yes Man its occasional forays into the obvious .
... another chance for Jim Carrey to unleash his inner anarchist - and I was surprised to realize how much I 've missed the guy .
Could Jim Carrey Be Playing the One Loan Officer Who Sent Our Economy Into Ruin . Or is the Flick Just Bad ?
remains firmly in the doldrums , taking its audience along with it
Too bad Yes Man is directed by Peyton Reed , a tone-deaf , buzz-kill comedy specialist . You 've never seen Carrey flail like he does under Reed 's incompetence .
A sad spectacle ... nothing more than a series of labored sketches in which Carrey flails about trying to recapture the zaniness of his early years .
It 's pleasant to watch something a little less intellectually taxing between all the would-be Oscar contenders . Yes Man is that movie -- undemanding , light , and enjoyable on its own terms .
It 's an often engaging romance shot through with sweetness , a movie that hangs on a handful of simple , magical scenes .
Is Yes Man worth the trouble , then ? Not to belabor the point , but yes .
That stink emanating from the vicinity of Yes Man is desperation .
A retread of much funnier films , `` Yes Man '' is another in a long string of comedies whose better scenes have come from better movies ...
Nothing more than warmed-over holiday seconds , a repackaged best-of for those who already own the hits .
The saving grace that it 's actually watchable and funny at times does n't make its premise any less ridiculous or its execution less formulaic , it just means it 's not a complete waste of time
Though not always successful , the movie does prove that Carrey could evolve into a believable romantic interest , but only if he finally abandons the rubber-faced shenanigans for good .
Like most of Carrey 's work , the new comedy is high-concept , with a workable premiseand underdeveloped script that 's not very funny , but surrounded by grave and grim pictures this season , it may appeal to audiences in its inspirational message .
Jim Carrey 's back in the zone with this agreeable concept comedy .
Genial but slim .




@highlight

Jim Carrey 's comic convulsions are the only bright spots in this otherwise dim and predictable comedy .