Teen actress Madison Wolfe is exceptional as the centrepiece in this surprising , above-average fantasy drama , stylishly directed by Anders Walter .
Strange and darkly beautiful , a slave to no master 's rhythms or rules other than its own .
Wolfe successfully conveys the high-stakes intensity of Barbara 's experience . But while the character is credibly immersed in the dark , strange , paranoid , animistic world she has created for herself , the filmmakers never really get inside her head .
... a sweetly intentioned film , beautifully shot and with a strong lead performance from Madison Wolfe ...
It 's safe for kids but probably even more essential for world-weary adults .
I Kill Giants is n't really about giants . It is about loss and growing up , and that 's something that we can all relate to .
... profoundly moving ...
Despite Wolfe 's excellent portrayal of a girl who is mature and defiant one moment , then terrified the next , audiences will find it exhausting to stay with a child with so bleak an outlook that even her wildest dreams are terrifying .
Wolfe 's stunning performance captivates .
This is edgy , urgent and powerfully meaningful .
Though grounded by a strong presence in the young Madison Wolfe , it is often too dreary to be truly engaging , and too underrealized to be an immersive escape into a fantastical world .
An adventure story about a teenage girl who uses her imagination to cope with her fears and problems .
Well , I Kill Giants is very , very like -LSB- A Monster Calls -RSB- , only with more monsters , a Danish director and with Zoe Saldana and Imogen Poots both taking on parts they might have imagined they had moved beyond .
Mostly successful due to Madison Wolfe 's committed performance in the lead and director Anders Walter 's sensitive handling of the difficult themes .
Madison Wolfe 's leading performance is stunning , and although she 's surrounded by a talented cast of adults she still manages to shine the brightest .
Ambitious , but mistimed .
An imaginative coming-of-age drama that degenerates into a full-blown tearjerker .
There should be a separate genre heading for this film : time-wasting droopy fantasy .
Madison Wolfe gives a stunning central performance as the wounded , scared and angry outcast
It 's not Donnie Darko , but it may delight the nerdie tween weirdo in your life .
With a powerhouse performance by Madison Wolfe , a strong female cast and some mature themes throughout , there 's plenty here for people of all ages .
It is star Wolfe , in her first lead role , who really drives the narrative , her exceptional performance running the gamut from fearless warrior to heartbreaking vulnerability as the film reveals itself .
A movie as thrillingly weird as its protagonist . We are totally enrapt by the wonder and the terror of her imagination , and the power of it to create joy and solace .
There 's a nice , intelligent air about this film , which offers up a well-crafted coping mechanism for dealing with childhood depression .
When `` I Kill Giants '' peels back its layers , you 're left with a monster story that packs an unexpected wallop .
This fantastical graphic novel adaptation feels vaguely familiar , but is still impressive in its own ways .
I Kill Giants perfectly captures the concept of magical realism : it simultaneously buys into the world of the enchanted while being completely grounded in reality .
I Kill Giants feels secret and dangerous , like a VHS tape dug out of a dusty crate at a yard sale ; it 's the kind of movie you ended up watching every week as a kid just because of how weird it made you feel .
About those giants . This is by no means a big-budget film , but the CGI creatures are pretty cool to behold .
This coming-of-age drama could use a lighter touch while targeting its mix of fantasy and reality at teenagers .
Like its heroine , I Kill Giants is n't afraid to tackle the darkness or rage of little girls , or their fear and pain .
It all , well , works , thanks largely to -LSB- Madinson -RSB- Wolfe and her portrayal of a difficult , terrified , brave , lovable girl .
-LSB- Madinson -RSB- Wolfe is a talent , simultaneously tough and tender in her performance .
Watching I Kill Giants teeter from one axis to the other is as frustrating as it is disappointing .
The movie 's bluntly delivered message to young girls , `` You are stronger than you think , '' resonates with power and authority .
Poignant , `` I Kill Giants '' uses fantasy elements to grab viewers and discuss the effect of tragedy on the youngest among us . It also reminds us of the importance of creativity and imagination as a device to deal with life 's difficulties .
There 's still something about I Kill Giants that feels projected , a work more informed by empathy than experience .
-LSB- T -RSB- he movie is playing a game of sorts with pain and grief . It 's tricky territory that the movie almost navigates successfully .
I adored I Kill Giants for all its scrappiness , fury , and fantasy .
By the time Barbara 's problems are revealed to be far more mundane than fantastical , the movie has lost all its magic .
I Kill Giants is a dark piece of work for children , which is far from a bad thing .
This intimate story about a troubled 12-year-old who 's on a mission to save her town is virtually tone perfect .
I Kill Giants might work great for a target audience of misunderstood tween/teenagers who are looking for something more somber and personal than Harry Potter , but I do n't think it 'll mean much to anyone else .
The vivid cinematography , affecting performance by Wolfe , and lack of saccharine allow the film to resonate not only with the teen target demographic but older viewers as well .
There 's not enough to the story to keep the effort engrossing , finding the tale overflowing with sincerity , but lacking content , often scrambling to fill a feature-length run time .
While the film is n't as subtle as A Monster Calls or Where the Wild Things Are , it captures the messiness of suffering just as well .
I Kill Giants faithfully adapts the graphic novel for a striking coming-of-age movie that blends magical realism with heartbreaking drama .
... we 're looking at a great moment for girls everywhere to find warrior protagonists they can look up to , and perhaps see something of themselves in .
Making Barbara an adolescent for the movie is a good idea-it puts her into a profound and formative stage of life tweens can relate to and parents can remember .
A gem of a film that will carry substance for nerdy girls that unnecessarily get picked on or anyone that can relate to some of the depressing domestic situations
A sensitive and attractive , if not wholly convincing , pairing of fantasy with real-life turmoil .
As a first-time film statement , I Kill Giants is particularly assured and remarkable .
A sweetly imaginative , tenderly played coming of age drama .

@highlight

I Kill Giants ' moody magical realism sometimes slips into the mundane , but impressive CGI and a powerhouse performance by Madison Wolfe pack an unexpected punch .