Just Like Heaven is a typical romantic comedy that stumbles on the problems of being not particularly funny or interesting . It could have been truly heartwarming , but is so heavy handed here that the final result is merely sentimental pap .
Just Like Heaven '' perpetuates the Frisco curse that not one great movie has been made in the hilly city since Alfred Hitchcock 's Vertigo in 1958 .
Kudos to Witherspoon and Ruffalo for generating enough screen chemistry to insure a teary-eyed finale that 'll make you forget the fact that you 're watching a shameless rip-off .
One of the best times I 've had at the movies in a while . It 's not perfect . It 's not very deep . But it 's a whole lot of fun and even a little moving .
While the picture adheres to romantic-comedy formula , it 's not entirely formulaic , and the actors , who appear to be having fun , give it a bright and undeniable appeal .
Um filminho simpático protagonizado por dois atores carismáticos . E , ainda assim , não é um bom sinal que eu esteja utilizando a palavra ` filminho ' para descrevê-lo .
Like a romantic comedy Chinese dinner . You watch it , and an hour later you are hungry again for a romantic comedy .
There 's also strong support from Donal Logue -LRB- as David 's best friend Jack -RRB- and Jon Heder , who proves there 's life after Napoleon Dynamite with an amusing comic turn as a supernatural bookseller who agrees to help David .
There are parts of the film that engage and others that are just plain silly . Pity . With a better script , Just Like Heaven just might have been a winner .
The quintessential lightweight date movie .
... it is refreshing to see a love story played out with sincerity .
With apologies to The Cure ... ` Show me show me show me / How you make a flick / That has a hackneyed theme , ' she said .
... it balances humor and poignancy in a way that 's far from comatose .
This trifling love story is thoroughly ridiculous but still surprisingly enjoyable
Witherspoon and Ruffalo have some real sparks . Satisfying and sweet
When my body and spirit decide to go their separate ways , I want to be perky and beautiful like Reese Witherspoon in Just Like Heaven .
A spirited diversion that showcases the talents of Witherspoon and Ruffalo , who should team up again soon .
It took me about 45 minutes into `` Just Like Heaven '' to figure out just exactly what it is : A contemporary retelling of `` Sleeping Beauty . ''
Another cinematic press release targeting audiences with a positive spin on the ugly subjects of death , loss and severe illness .
Director Mark S. Waters again transcends the expectations of his subject matter to make a sweet surprise of a film that demands rewatching .
A solid , thought-provoking movie with charm .
Reese Witherspoon returns to a classier brand of romantic comedy .
See two charming characters make beautiful music together .
Witherspoon and Ruffalo underplay the broad comedy and their characters ' attraction , which is why their chemistry ultimately proves to be so satisfying .
Despite the requisite Hollywood ending , everyone can leave the theater happy .
I was licking my movie critic chops anticipating a juicy negative review of what surely would be a disastrous take on another ghost-story-turned-romance . Surprise , surprise !
Well , I did remember one thing , and that was how snazzy the shoes were that Witherspoon wore for nearly the entire picture . Getting a pair of those would n't just be great , it might just be heaven .
Offers further proof that a film really can get by on the charms of its stars .
It 's fine for what it is . A romantic comedy with a slight supernatural bent , but it does n't go far enough .
Starts out glib and gimmicky but later digs surprisingly deep .
Despite the modern trappings , Just Like Heaven is as retro as hell .
The film sweetens and trivializes tragic circumstances that are all too common and neither funny nor romantic .
It 's not great for the same reason it is n't terrible : It takes no risks .
I was laughing & / or crying the whole time -LRB- aside from the first & last ten minutes -RRB- . I liked it !
Ever wonder about having a relationship with someone who would just disappear every so often ? Well , that materializes here-and sometimes it does n't look too bad
Too cute for its own good .
A film that is never quite sure what it wants to be .
The brain activity never dips too low and this funny , charming picture never takes itself too seriously .
Audiences for ` Heaven ' can wait - for the DVD .
Just Like Heaven transcends the `` chick flick '' moniker that it coulda , shoulda had .
It 's corny , it 's somewhat predictable , but it 's also very sweet , it 's funny .
Witherspoon provides whip-smart comic timing and a bubbly charm that makes you love Elizabeth even when she 's being Felix Unger to Ruffalo 's Oscar Madison .
Date movies do n't get much better than this one .
... two lead actors who are strong enough to carry the movie despite a predictable and mediocre screenplay
Just like something out of Hollywood .
Heavenly casting makes this a charming love story .
In the face of Witherspoon 's unrepentant charms , it 's very difficult to resist .
Ruffalo and Witherspoon bring conviction to their roles ; they 're taking the story seriously and that allows us to do the same .
A film without the ghost of originality .
-LSB- T -RSB- he stars of this mind-numbing dull movie deserve so much better than this . Reese Witherspoon and Mark Ruffalo do their best to rise above the crap ...
The stars certainly prove their worth here , elevating somewhat tepid material which threatens to morph into a right wing Terry Schiavo screed ...
Somehow , the film thrives on the opposites-attract tension of throwing together the angular blonde goddess with the unconventionally attractive king of indie downers .
Though completely implausible , this spirited romantic comedy works because of the utterly charming leads and a strong supporting cast .
Closer to hell , really .
Just Like Heaven is really nothing more than your standard love-from-beyond-the-grave squishfest -LRB- even though the heroine is n't actually dead -RRB- done up in the dumb bonnet-and-bloomers get-up of contemporary romantic comedy .
Director Mark Waters knows how to turn the gimmicky unknown into psychologically comic adventure , just as he did in 2003 's Freaky Friday .
Just when Just Like Heaven becomes too cloyingly cute to endure , it takes an unexpected turn . The humor shifts from the ha-ha variety to closer to black .
It does n't need to be seen , but it sure wants to be hugged .
High in concept but low in comedic effort , the movie rests too heavily on the charms of its leads , whose cuteness , though incontrovertible , can only do so much .
Harkens back to Joseph L. Mankiewicz 's The Ghost and Mrs. Muir -LRB- 1947 -RRB- without being quite so clever or romantic .
When it 's not launching an all-out assault on your tear ducts , this calculated piece of supernatural fluff does have moments of real charm .
Romance is n't alive but on life support in Just Like Heaven , a groaningly awful romantic comedy .
I do n't know if I 've ever seen this kind of mismatched energy on screen - like trying to pair a hummingbird with a heavily drugged circus bear .
A gender-reversed variant of The Ghost and Mrs. Muir for a new generation .
Because Elizabeth inhabits a romantic comedy , her frantic pace and lonely life can not continue .
Just Like Heaven is a sweet little nothing that is barely there , about a girl who is n't there at all .
Pretty darn good until the last 90 seconds ... and then it drips with cheese .
Finally : Ghost without the thrills or laughs ! That describes the utterly toothless Just Like Heaven .
It 's popcorn entertainment with a heavy political-medical agenda .
This screwball comedy , initially promising , dies a painful death once the politicking begins .
Fortunately the film stars Mark Ruffalo and Reese Witherspoon , whose collective appeal eventually fuses to pump some heart , laughs and life into what often resembles a disorganized , schizophrenic mess .
When the film 's early slapstick gives way to an interesting second-act twist , Just Like Heaven shifts into gear and becomes a winningly sentimental romance .
Just Like Heaven turns into a bait-and-switch of a movie , wrapping weirdly maudlin speculation inside the candy coating of a frothy romance .
What a disappointment then to report that Just Like Heaven is more like purgatory .
Witherspoon and Ruffalo ... bring a comedic gracefulness to hysteria .
If heaven is a big ball of cotton candy , then Just Like Heaven lives up to its name . It has no nutritional value , and it wo n't fill you up , but it 's bright , pink and fluffy .
The movie clunks along much like its leads , never exactly sure where they belong .
Like all ghost movies , the premise of Just Like Heaven is wraith-thin .
Just Like Heaven could be the perfect balm for post-Katrina movie audiences in search of a little levity .
What manages to save this film from becoming a big-screen version of an Air Supply song is Ruffalo .
... boasts a dream team in Witherspoon and Ruffalo , both of whom have the deftness -- and depth -- to take the movie well beyond its gimmicky premise .
Just Like Heaven is light , pleasing and well worth seeing .
The movie wants all you girls to know that should medical misfortune come your way , just hold on . Your soul will find your soul mate , then love will set you free .
Maybe `` heaven '' is pushing it , but I 'd settle for Just Like a Good Bowl of Strawberry Ice Cream .
The kind of date movie I 'm always hoping to see .
The movie would have benefited from a more raucous and freewheeling application of its premise .
emaciated lead actresses aside , Just Like Heaven is actually a really sweet film
Just Like Heaven works desipte its hokey gimmick .
Painfully predictable romanticized crap , but dealing as it does with mortal tragedy-death , brain-death , and loss-it 's also unscrupulous and exploitative .
Usually whenever the phrase ` just like ' precedes something , it 's a nice way of saying it falls short of the real thing .
Just Like Heaven is a cute , fun and romantic movie perfect for ladies night out or a third date .
The script is smarter than the typical rom-com , and Waters directs cannily , never letting either the emotion or the comedy get out of control .
Heaven is undeniably sweet , even if one 's not all here -- metaphorically speaking , of course .
Bringing it all together is a strong cast , starting with Witherspoon , who moves easily from comedy to drama and back again .
Given the positive crowd response to Just Like Heaven , it 's hard to beat up on it too much , but it 's the least of Waters ' films
-LSB- Witherspoon 's -RSB- in fine form ... but the special prize this time may have to go to Mark Ruffalo .
The film can never escape its fate of mediocrity .
An agreeably cute rom-com .
Romantic comedies can withstand a lot more heart and respect , and this tripe does n't bother with either .
Just Like Heaven is the movie equivalent of a harmless first date ...
Perverse necrophiliacs looking to Just Like Heaven for a hilarious , death-affirming , heart-stopping good time will be sorely disappointed .
Quirky and offbeat , Just Like Heaven delivers what you 'd expect it to .
Light hearted TV fare that packs more wallop as a beer commercial than a romantic comedy .
Pleasurable despite its problems .
Consistently too dumb in its plotting to elicit the sort of enchantment and whimsy it strives for .
It weighs down the considerable charms of -LSB- Reese -RSB- Witherspoon and Mark Ruffalo , who might have otherwise gotten it to fly .
A movie that 's likely to appeal only to the most susceptible and uncritical romantics .
Viewers are likely to feel they are enduring the film for an eternity rather than being entertained by it .
-LSB- Mark Waters -RSB- has pretty well delivered just what young PG-13 girls carrying that extra pack of Kleenex will expect .
A forgettable , patched-together clone of other ghostly romances .
Witherspoon officially claims Meg Ryan 's title as the reigning queen of romantic comedy . ... -LRB- Her -RRB- disarming charm carries the day and saves the story . All hail the queen .
Given its somewhat morbid premise , this metaphysical second-chance comedy is impressively nimble and cheery .
Many romantic comedies have a Sleeping Beauty theme , but few as literally as this by-the-book but enjoyable trifle .
The film is as insubstantial as the clouds on the poster .
It 's a terrific movie . It just happens to be haunted .
It 's `` Ghost '' with giggles , or `` Ghostbusters '' meets `` Sleeping Beauty . '' Either way , it 's an unabashedly romantic . heart-warming , comedic fable .
Just Like Heaven is n't a groundbreaking movie -- where romantic comedy is concerned , there is n't much ground left to break -- but it contains some nice moments and fresh twists .
Just Like Heaven is a huge waste of talent -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- and time -LRB- ours -RRB- , a supernatural romantic comedy that is neither romantic , comedic , super or natural .
Just Like Heaven is just so darned cute .
Just like you might expect , the cuddly , often funny romantic comedy Just Like Heaven sticks its head permanently in the clouds .
An oddly moralistic salvo for the anti-euthanasia set .
The sharp , slangy script , coupled with a dynamite cast and direction that balances the magical with the real makes for a very entertaining movie .
Can one movie support these many coincidences and close calls and misunderstandings ? Yes . The movie works , and so we accept everything .
The wildly disjointed movie somehow finds an inoffensive , so-so groove . Despite some original strokes and funny gags , it takes many what-if answers from other , better titles .
The movie is like a lot of things , but heaven is n't one of them .
She 's not corporeal , so she compensates by being totally irritating , which gradually causes him ... to fall in love with her ?
When it comes to romantic chemistry , they never quite mesh , no matter what twinkle effect Waters puts on the screen when Ruffalo 's hand touches Witherspoon 's ethereal plane .
Rarely humorous , rarely romantic , and rarely affecting .
Wanting to be the next Ghost -- and succeeding handsomely -- Just Like Heaven is sweetly funny and delightfully romantic .
Playing a San Francisco doctor whose devotion to work and family has left her no time for romance , the star hustles like Tinkerbell to keep the mood light .
Just Like Heaven is just awful . It 's gon na do great business .
A light-hearted and pleasing romantic comedy about two individuals who reach out in the mystery of their relationship and discover new life .
Clever writing , appealing leads and the one-two comic punch of the hilarious and lovable Heder and Logue make this date-movie Heaven .
May not exactly amount to paradise , but at least it 's not the purgatorial experience many pictures of this sort are .
It telegraphs its ineptness at the outset with saccharine `` slice of life '' dialogue . With little chemistry between Witherspoon and Ruffalo it dismally failed the watch test .
Waters finds it nearly impossible to generate stimulation from a lovey-dovey narrative formula so lifeless it would n't register on any ER equipment .
Considerably more mushy than madcap , Just Like Heaven is as uneven as the topography of its San Francisco locales , but the amiable peaks mostly offset the flat stretches and valleys .
A mishmash of romantic dramedy , with references to Topper , Blithe Spirit , Ghost , and Odd Couple , barely made tolerable by Reese Witherspoon 's charisma .
Crossing the life-death divide , Reese Witherspoon and Mark Ruffalo are a winning pair in this smart and tender comedy .
Idealized romance is all about chemical connections and random mumbo jumbo . Just Like Heaven does a solid job of boiling that brew
an ... unpretentious morsel of old-fashioned romance with a dash of weltschmerz and metaphysics tossed in for good measure










@highlight

Delightfully sweet like a lollipop , Just Like Heaven is a dreamy romantic comedy that may give you a toothache when it attempts to broach difficult end of life issues by throwing a cherry on top .