One does n't have to like Bill or Hillary Clinton ... to conclude that the enemies of the president were overzealous .
Galling to the abused outrage assimilator .
A good primer for anyone not familiar with the whole complicated Whitewater investigation .
It 's presented well and does n't feature anything like Moore 's increasingly off-putting brand of sarcastic humor .
For a movie that desperately wants to be jazzy and light on its feet , it 's sadly heavy-handed .
rightfully questions the underbelly of American politics and examines the scandal mongering of mainstream journalism in the wake of a right-wing media manipulation
Makes a highly compelling case for the sheer amount of energy that went into trying to bring down Clinton by any means necessary , be it a shady land deal or a stained blue dress .
What comes across most strongly is how utterly trivial so much of this story now seems . Can we really have spent all that time , money and energy chewing over a land deal and worrying about a presidential dalliance ?
Marred by juvenile editing tricks and a relentless advocacy tone on behalf of Clinton , the film is like a scent of incense that takes you back in time , but leaves out meaning or context .
Once you 've accepted the basic allegiances of the movie ... it imparts a historical value even its partisan smugness ca n't negate .
Offers a lesson for both parties about what can happen when powerful forces unite to bring down a politician .
There 's wit , revelation and mercifully , more about Whitewater than Monica Lewinsky .
The filmmakers here do n't rely on their own personal opinions and biases as much as they deal with simple facts and statistics documented in archival news footage , freely available in the public domain .
Too cheesy and clumsy to have earned a theatrical booking outside of a few film festivals and fund-raisers without the profitable precedent of ` Fahrenheit 9/11 ' ...
Feels defensive and belated .
This is a cautionary tale that needs to be told , about how a truly unsavory group of characters almost staged a legal coup d'etat . It 's scary stuff .
It presents an undeniably persuasive argument and is a noteworthy addition to the recent crop of agitprop filmmaking .
presents a chilling scenario of Big Brother run amok the likes of which have n't been seen in this country since Joe McCarthy demagogued his way into history back in the 50s .
A movie that will leave you with exactly the same opinions you had before you saw it . In other words , a movie that 's not very effective .
Even though I 'd read that book -LRB- as well as Jeffrey Toobin 's A Vast Conspiracy -RRB- , the movie was like a punch to the gut .
Thoroughly researched , chronologically organized , and well-argued , methodically making a persuasive case that there indeed was ` a vast right-wing conspiracy ' to hound Clinton from office by any means fair or foul .
Engages but rarely fixes illuminating revelation in its crosshairs . Still , for political wonks , that 's enough of a seduction to merit consideration .
As faulty as its titular subject , but it raises important questions and will probably get your blood boiling .
A powerful indictment of the New Right and most effective piece of election-year propaganda .
The documentary 's sympathies are right out where everyone can see them . Hunting is damnably convincing nevertheless , and that 's what matters .
Long on paranoia and short on production values .
A fairly thorough overview of this facet of the Clinton years , exonerating him of wrongdoing in his financial activities while pointing out the dismay felt by those who worked with him for his lack of judgment in his personal behavior .
This look at the Clinton years is weighted down with bad style , overly familiar faces and a far-too-friendly tone .
The problem , of course , is that the president himself was neither -LSB- hero nor martyr -RSB- , and no amount of hand wringing -- however justified -- can make him one .
O sensacionalismo ocasional e a péssima utilização de clipes cômicos não impedem que o filme convença em suas denúncias sobre a conspiração republicana para derrubar Clinton .
It 's about a power grab that almost overturned an election and about a dark element in U.S. political life that 's still out there , and flourishing .
A sobering chronicle of the depressing circus of persecution and pseudo-scandal that was the Clinton years .
While The Hunting of the President is an otherwise solidly made documentary -LSB- the -RSB- little nit picks keep it from being on top of my best documentary list .
Thomason and Perry have a wealth of material , which , despite their MTV paced editing and irreverent treatment , builds to some devastating conclusions
No matter one 's party affiliation , docu is worth seeing for its eye-opening look at how disreputable characters can impact government -- and how easily the mainstream media can be duped into covering scandal-smelling leads .
a passionate and worthy assault on an ugly period in our history
Compelling and relevant documentary .
Comes off not as an outrageously slanted screed , but as a well-researched source of righteous outrage .
The film wrestles only fleetingly with how profligate Clinton was in his personal risk - taking , and how that jeopardized his presidential project .
Even those sympathetic to the picture 's cause will recognize it as a case of shoddy journalism , not so much due to its partisan mind-set but because it lacks clarity and revelation .
While there may not have been a widespread GOP effort to overthrow Clinton 's administration via dirty tricks , this gripping documentary contends that some shockingly sleazy efforts to undermine Clinton 's character and authority were very real .
In stringing the evidence together in one place , it makes a powerful case .
Contains little that is particularly new or compelling , save an emotional interview with Whitewater principal Susan McDougal .
Sacrifices credibility not only by the fact that it was co-directed and co-written by the obviously partisan Harry Thomason -LRB- along with Nickolas Perry -RRB- , but also because of its cheesy cinematic style .
This documentary takes us back to a simpler time : the late 1990 's , when all Americans had to worry about was their President 's sexual indiscretions .
Far too obvious , both in its execution and agenda .
Riveting and revealing whatever views you have on the partisan issues involved .
Overwrought and often hysterical , filled with distracting montages and portentous drumbeats , the documentary feels as cheesy as its subject -- or its smiling villain , Witchfinder-General Kenneth Starr .
You can not watch this film and not feel sick in the stomach about what it discusses .
An eye-opening and occasionally chilling look at the lengths to which some will go to destroy someone they perceive as a threat to their way of life .








@highlight

Though this doc has an obvious partisan bias , it presents a compelling case .