It is right that a new Conan film must look for its own identity , but one immediately notices that in the absence of Milius 's saga-paced direction ... and Schwarzenegger 's special-effect physique , very little has been introduced to replace them .
Here 's the thing about this version of Conan . Even if you 're regretfully sober when you venture into the theater , it is imminently forgettable .
It 's mostly just fights and fights and humdrum CGI and us in the audience wondering which of these big climaxes will be the last .
Momoa does n't have Arnold 's 7-time-Mr . - Olympia-winning muscles , but they 're still impressive . Plus he can sort of act . Arnold could sort of act too , but Jason can sort of act better .
If I made it sound entertaining , I did n't mean to . It 's not `` so bad it 's good , '' it 's just really , really bad .
In some ways , I even liked it better than the original because it did n't take itself so deathly seriously .
Conan the Barbarian is shocking not merely for its blood and guts violence but for how surprisingly gripping and compelling it is , even muddy in 3D .
Missing the myth , the sorcery and the humor of the original big screen `` Conan . ''
Conan the Barbarian is a hollow beat 'em up with shallow characters and , worst of all , below average action .
But Nispel and his trio of screenwriters do nothing with their simplistic premise , crowding the screen with too much digital imagery and making every villainous character look like they just stepped out of some macabre Saturday morning cartoon .
The film lacks any magic , and indeed any of the spirit that grabbed a cult audience for the original : the direction lacks any kind of showmanship , and the script is a dilluted version of what it undoubtedly could have been .
There is fun to be had here-not as much as there could be , but it kept me entertained , faults and all .
It would be barbaric to say this is the worst movie of the year . That certainly is n't the case . ` Conan the Barbarian ' is , however , a second-rate remake , no more and no less . It 's a far cry from the 1980s Arnold Schwarzenegger film .
Conan the Barbarian is n't offensively bad , just mediocre and forgettable in nearly every way imaginable .
We kinda missed the orgies ...
Directed by Marcus Nispel , this movie -LRB- which would be more aptly named Gron-an the Barbarian -RRB- is terrible , terrible , terrible .
As a fantasy movie it hits all the right notes , dripping with guts , gore and familiar tropes ; it 's certainly not a film you have to concentrate on following . If that 's your thing , you 'll love it .
The film demonizes the witchy Marique -LRB- Rose McGowan -RRB- , so she even worries her evil scum dad .
Absolutely spastic in the way it pretends to tell a story , the work of someone who does n't understand choreography , coherent storytelling and basic structural editing .
A movie that includes a cast listing for ` Topless Wenches ' at least ought to have a kitschy sense of humor , but not this noisy , cheerless actioner .
The film is dumb , hackneyed and , well , just plain bad - much like the 1982 original - but because it knows and makes fun of that , it plays for a smart and entertaining ride .
Momoa and Nichols strike few sparks ...
A glum affair .
Conan delivers good bloody fun .
Comes across as though it has a vendetta against its own target audience ... . watching the film is , albeit in a small way , kind of like being punished for enjoying barbarian films .
A humorless endurance test from the director who previously desecrated horror staples both good -LRB- The Texas Chain Saw Massacre -RRB- and bad -LRB- Friday the 13th -RRB- with so-what ? remakes , this Conan fails in practically every respect .
Marcus Nispel takes on John Milius ' epic testosterone orgy and provides gallons upon gallons of CGI gore and Frank Frazetta-esque backgrounds but precious little of the humanity -LRB- yes , I said humanity -RRB- of the 1982 Schwarzenegger original .
While not lacking for lamentations from women or anybody else , primarily concentrates on the `` crush your enemies '' part . The movie fails because it ca n't make that gore interesting
A mix of limb-lopping mayhem and mystical mumbo-jumbo .
Disappointing .
I had to advise projection it was showing the film in the wrong ratio . Not that I missed much .
There 's little satisfaction for the audience in this uninspired sword-and-sorcery adventure ...
It 's like an expensive B-movie that makes a lot of noise but signifies absolutely nothing .
A missed chance . There 's a good foundation to build on , but the immediate film is let down by a lacklustre story and god-awful script .
Fourteen-year-old boys will wriggle with glee as Conan cuts down his opponents with his Cimmerian steel blade and manhandles bare-breasted women by the gaggle .
This is the first film about medieval barbarians that appears actually to have been made by them .
A respectable -LRB- if unnecessary -RRB- reboot that 's brutal , well acted and not overly serious .
Born on a battlefield ! Blood blood blood ! Bone crunching ! Burn burn burn ! In 3D !
The fault lies mainly with Marcus Nispel , German music-video director turned specialist in useless genre remakes , and not a man to whom any sane producer would entrust 3D .
A perfectly enjoyable - if bloody - sword 'n' sandals set-to .
Low-quality entertainment with only surface polish .
Gory but pedestrian reboot .
Watchable sword and sorcery saga , enlivened by superb special effects sequences and some solid performances , though it 's also a good twenty minutes too long and hampered by both a lack of humour and some dodgy dialogue .
Here is a tale in which battle sequence spawns battle sequence and where the dialogue is rendered all-but unintelligible under the din of clashing steel and the screams of the mutilated .
Not to be a pessimist here , but if your military is so understaffed that women who are nine months pregnant are considered fit for active duty , I do n't think you 're going to win the war .
There 's no emotional investment in the characters and its endless bludgeoning and slicing of flesh is something that may test the patience of even hardcore gore hounds .
Rent the original instead .
When your lead actor ca n't outact Ahnuld you know your movie is in trouble .
An insane start , including Morgan Freeman as our narrator , gives way to boredom and standard repetitive action .
It 's pretty much like getting a straight shot of testosterone , whether you want it or not . In fact , just standing near one of the posters for Marcus Nispel 's Conan the Barbarian will put hair on your chest regardless of age or gender .
Like an opened bottle of red wine that 's been left out for a few days this is not a movie you can enjoy .
Silly , savage action-adventure , filled with visceral blood-and-guts carnage .
for all the yelling , the screaming , and the clanging of weapons , the whole is as muted as the colors in the art director 's palette , making this a grim excursion on many levels
Alternate titles may include Conan and the Argonauts , The Seventh Voyage of Conan , or Conan the Scorpion King .
If you 're gon na make an unnecessary remake like Conan the Barbarian at least keep it breezy , an approach director Marcus Nispel wisely heeds here .
Not only does this this tacky bit of nonsense fail to live up to the original `` Conan the Barbarian , '' it barely lives up to the artistic heights of `` Kull the Conqueror . ''
If I just said the words ` Hawk the Slayer ' and you just got a little thrill , then you 're totally down with this movie .
At first gripping , the blurry action scenes grow repetitious , and though the sets capture the famous look of the Frank Frazetta book covers , the film lacks the warrior 's heart .
Look , I enjoy Arnold 's big 1982 coming out party as much as anyone , but let 's not fool ourselves into thinking the original Conan was a classic of Western cinema .
Exceptionally dumb and loud for a summer movie , Conan the Barbarian is a muddled mess of a film bogged down by poor acting , cheesy dialogue and an incoherent plot .
Progressing from nowhere to nothing and leaving only a greasy taste in the mouth as a reward .
Upfront . The new Conan the Barbarian , Jason Momoa is a better actor than Arnold Schwarzenegger . It 's a relative statement . He 's still terrible .
The best I can say about `` Conan the Barbarian '' is that it 's not as bad as I was expecting .
If you ca n't survive on muscles , carnage and brutality alone , and need even the slightest bit of heart , look elsewhere as ` Conan ' is as brash and coarse as its hero .
Shot in 3D , This ` Conan ' falls prey to today 's standards of cheap thrills and clichés that makes one wish that they stayed home and watched the Arnold version again .
It may be ridiculous as all get-out , but the fact that the exaggeration is so irony free is charming in its own way .
Simply put , this is a disappointment , whether you 're looking for grandeur , trash or something in between .
The very fact no attempt is made to hide the over-acted performances and under-developed storyline will sit perfectly fine with fans of this kind of junk .
You have to give credit to Conan The Barbarian 3D for truth in advertising : Conan really is barbaric , and you get to see all that head-smashing and blood-letting in revolting 3D detail .
The movie reminds me of a question such movies have never answered : Why do people hanging on for dear life over a bottomless pit only hang on with one hand ? Maybe we 'll find out in the sequel .
You do n't go to a movie like this expecting to hear Shakespearean dialogue , but the action , under Marcus Nispel 's direction , is consistently vigorous and exciting . So are the visual effects , from an epic battle with sand creatures to a. . .
If all you are looking for is a solid action movie to end the Summer of 2011 on , Conan the Barbarian will serve your needs nicely . Insanely , but nicely .
The whole affair buries the needle on the stupid-meter , with a droning score and the most ear-shattering sound effects in recent memory , plus pointless 3-D and a visual style about as subtle as the side of one of those old air-brushed conversion vans .
The 2011 version of Conan the Barbarian looks cheap and feels rushed . The few good elements are dwarfed by a generic , nonsensical plot and shoddy storytelling .
A misfire in every way , this franchise reboot is a noisy , incomprehensible mess of a film that almost makes worse use of the character than it does of the 3D technology .
Shoddy acting , no real plot , and silly dialogue ? You betcha !
Momoa can do little with the character and thus we do n't care what happens to him and our interest shifts to trying to guess what wild outfit McGowan will wear next . -LRB- Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Does it satisfy , this tale ? In its own modest way , it does .
Usually when a movie includes so many interesting parts , it amounts to a pretty good time . However , the result here never gels .
It ai n't a pretty sight -- in fact , it 's downright barbaric .
It 's just another ham-handed adventure flick in eye-deadening , wallet-draining 3-D .
Momoa ... speaks in one of those trying-too-hard baritones heard in young jocks whose greatest fear is being called gay .
The very definition of the dumb summer flick , designed to squeeze a few last bucks out of the kids before school starts up again .
You ca n't underestimate the vitality of a movie where manly men give orders such as , `` We will cast our rivals into oceans of blood . ''
This is the movie for people who like blood , violence and topless women .
Moves like a shot , tosses a lot of hardcore lunacy at the screen , and shows a decent amount of respect for basic matinee action-fests .
It makes mistakes , but there 's a lot to like , even admire about director Marcus Nispel 's remake .
It 's not a legit pulp movie . It 's not a legit genre movie . It 's not even a guilty pleasure .
It wallows in misanthropy because that 's all it knows .
So calamitously unprofessional it 's as if half-minded vagrants found a dinged-up camera next to a few hundred bucks on the street , pulled together a cast of needy , out-of-work actors , and went to town .
Conan the Barbarian lives by a pretty simple ethos : He lives , he loves , he slays . What he does n't do , alas , is act .
You 'd think a film so heavy on sorcery and swordfights could n't go wrong , but Conan The Barbarian manages the twin feats of being both derivative and deathly dull .
Take a bad movie in two dimensions , film it in three , and what do you get ? Three entire dimensions of lousy .
There are swords and sorcery , pirates and monsters , taxed bodices and taxing mythology . In other words , there 's the bare minimum necessary to summon this dismal movie into existence .
Dull and uninvolving , Conan the Barbarian occasionally verges on escaping its rut , but never makes good on the promise . It 's busy without having energy , a loud , lackluster mess .
Base . And stupid . And boring .
It 's kind of a wicked blast to watch , especially if you 're in the mood for some righteous revenge .
shoddy and grimly unimaginative
Mr. Momoa has some awfully big biceps to fill . He rises to that task with a pumped physique made for ogling .
This Conan , lost in a haze of murky beige 3-D , is barely a presence in his own movie .
Even the Schwarzenegger version had a crackpot long-range vision . This Conan is just a barbarian for hire .
` Conan the Borebarian ' ... directed by the guy responsible for ` Pathfinder ' and proves as silly and visually overblown as that movie .
... all kinds of bad , and yet it 's still enjoyable . Momoa 's fun to watch , Nichols does a great damsel in distress and if Khalar himself is n't all that formidable , Rose McGowan vamps and camps as the hissable villainess . Guilty pleasure , thy name is Conan .
Thanks to its punishing , empty intensity , the only impression this new movie is likely to leave you with is a headache .
` Conan ' More Brawn Than Brains
Jason Momoa improves upon the dubious acting skills of Arnold Schwarzenegger -LRB- the original Conan -RRB- in this otherwise undistinguished remake .
It does what it sets out to do : provide plenty of action and imagination , while allowing the hero the chance to kill all the bad guys . There 's nothing deep here .
Momoa , also a model , proves that he 's more of a poser than an actor : he 's a cocked eyebrow , a squinty tic , and an assortment of bulges in search of a performance .
A gaudily ornamented medieval banquet table groaning with junk food and open entrails .
This Conan barely qualifies as a character , smirking and hacking his way through life , never evolving into someone who can change or whom you want to follow .
Pity the fool who tries to reprise the role that made Arnold Schwarzegger an icon .
At its best the movie suggests a funhouse at a state-of-the-art county fair ; at its worst it 's a fairly dumb celebration of brute violence .
Treats story and character as so many enemies to be vanquished .
If there 's any pleasure to be had watching a movie like this , it 's almost certainly of the guilty variety .
I 've certainly seen worse movies this summer , though I hope that if director Nispel returns to the land of Hyboria he 'll learn that sword fights do n't respond well to his chaotic brand of staging , made worse by the editing .
2011 's attempt is suitably monosyllabic and winningly grotesque , yet it just does n't possess the stamina to carry out its quest without resorting to shallow Hollywood tricks to dazzle the crowds .
The problem is that Conan just does n't have much punch in the way of originality . Also , it seems to wear its mythical and magical trappings uneasily , deploying them fitfully and with little in the way of established rules .
With a complete lack of self-awareness , this po-faced remake looks more like a trash-TV series -LRB- a la Spartacus or Camelot -RRB- than a proper movie .
Here 's a movie that 's simultaneously lavishly violent and numbing , visually ornate and undistinguished , epic and shallow , relentlessly noisy and tone-deaf , workmanlike and unfilling .
-LSB- Momoa -RSB- barks and growls his dialogue with the unpracticed enthusiasm of a first-time Ren Fair performer .
A brutal , crude , witless high-tech CGI contrivance , in which no artificial technique has been overlooked , including 3-D .
Muscles ! Swords ! Grunting !
... a Conan for the torture porn age .
Momoa is the right man for the job , but hopefully he 'll have a better script and some memorable lines if there 's a sequel .
I ca n't think of a better reintroduction for the iconic character to new audiences than director Nispel 's Conan the Barbarian .
This cinematic protein shake does precisely what it sets out to do : it 's violent , it 's dumb , it 's fun , and it is content .
Conan the Barbarian seems to have little interest in '30s pulp stories , and only a little more in cheesy '80s epics .
Though the adventure gushes with blood -LRB- there 's an amateur C-section on the battlefield -RRB- , it 's also packed with thrills and sexy romance .
There 's just not a lot to like here , with the exception of what may be one of the all-time best bad movie lines , one Conan utters to Tamara as a kind of personal credo : `` I live . I love . I slay . I am content . '' That makes one of us .
Both truer to the vision of its character 's creator , Robert E. Howard , and more satisfyingly pulpy than the 1982 movie incarnation .
The brutality is enervating , unrelieved by the slightest notion of humour . The fantasy castles are painted in with computers , and the battles are shot in widescreen close-up , the worst possible combination .
Without any thought given to characterization , plot or coherent staging , Conan is , with few exceptions , a complete disappointment .
The only time the 3D was decent was during the opening montage of the evil MacGuffin they 're after . Are n't you proud you spent that money on about 15 minutes of footage ?
With all earnestness , Nispel embraces the property 's classic roots , placing this new Conan squarely within the tradition of sword-and-sorcery pics .
Non-stop blood-and-guts action aimed at game boys and emotionally stunted lovers of adolescent fantasy .
It did n't seem possible for there to be even less characterization than there was in the original `` Conan , '' but voila .
A movie that is frenzied but unexciting , packed with action but lacking in distinctive moments . . the camera is perpetually half a beat behind whatever it is you want to see .
`` Conan The Barbarian '' is the film equivalent of having someone punch you in the face for two straight hours while someone screams in your ear .
A dull and desultory affair that 'll leave you feeling as cheated as Arnold Schwarzenegger 's missus .
Violent , primitive , gut-level cinema aiming to please young male viewers
The iconic brute Conan the Barbarian is given a reboot , and while performances and set design impress , current filmmaking trends and Marcus Nispel 's off putting direction ruin the final product .
You wo n't find the geopolitical quandaries or the ever-shifting power relationships of Game of Thrones here , but you will be treated to a non-stop barrage of brutal , ferocious battle scenes .
Nispel certainly succeeds in making a gutsy , ballsy , bloody action-adventure flick worthy of its central character 's towering , archetypal mythos .
The central story strand is fairly clear , but there is much that is lost in the kafuffle of noisy battles and ferociously edited fights
It 's an extravagant spectacle with a suitably dark production design , a non-too subtle score and an action-packed narrative filled with expensive stunts , visual effects and exotic settings


@highlight

While its relentless , gory violence is more faithful to the Robert E. Howard books , Conan the Barbarian forsakes three-dimensional characters , dialogue , and acting in favor of unnecessary 3D effects .