In spite of some manipulation and improbability , Rosenstrasse made me feel good for a good , historical reason , and it did n't minimize anyone 's suffering in the process .
Lena became a foster mother to Ruth for several years , but for all the interest von Trotta puts into that story , Lena might as well have been asked to catsit .
This story is inherently dramatic enough to stand on its own , but von Trotta throws it off-kilter by framing her film within a dead-end , modern subplot .
While most of Rosenstrasse is set in World War II , there are present-day , flash-forward sequences that are considerably less involving . Actually , they 're so dull that they drag the entire movie to a screeching halt .
The film is anchored in particular by the dual performances of Schade as the 90-year-old Lena and the magnificent Riemann as her younger counterpart .
True story of one of the few attempts by Germans to launch protests against the Nazi dictatorship .
Not uninteresting , and it is very nicely performed , although you 'll strain to learn from the movie the history on which it is based and struggle futilely to get inside the motivations of its characters .
The movie 's disjointed flow makes it hard to watch the story unfold .
The trite framework , static staging and unemotional acting render this a most forgettable Holocaust tale .
Has the never-ending wave of less-than-essential Holocaust movies begun to reduce the most horrific episode of the 20th Century to the level of just another genre ?
Succeeds as a testament to the power of love and , in particular , as a tribute to brave women .
A solid , thoughtful , involving drama .
The episode ... is a fascinating one , and potentially the stuff of powerful drama . But von Trotta blunts the impact .
A Holocaust drama that proves it 's possible to make a minor movie about a major subject .
Lampe , Schrader and Riemann all do the best they can , but this film sinks under weight of the clunky screenplay by von Trotta and Pamela Katz .
I could n't get past the modern-day interruptions to get to the heart of this story .
The film opens a window into the fact that not all good Germans were cowed during those dark times .
The incidents at Rosenstrasse deserve a good movie , but Rosenstrasse is not it .
Some of the choices made here are more befitting a Lifetime movie of the week .
It 's a very intimate , personal drama for three women whose lives are entwined in unexpected ways , and a true pleasure .
For all its flaws , Rosenstrasse is a welcome reminder that humans are capable of valor and generosity in the worst of times .
Von Trotta has made the story lucidly painful , and only a brick would not be moved . But she has also padded it , rather than burrowing tightly into the protest and its details .
Rosenstrasse is manipulative , to be sure , but it 's also very smart .
Passive resistance to Nazism effectively dramatized
An absorbing , sturdy and ultimately pedestrian melodrama .
Von Trotta skims when she should be bearing down ; tidies up when situations should be allowed to get much messier . In the end , this tale of human decency fails to make you feel enough .
The intense focus on one child and one story is the strength of Rosenstrasse , but it will break your heart .
Labored storytelling defeats sterling intentions .
It imbues its characters with thoughtful grace , and shines a light on a forgotten but very important moment in a dark and terrible time .
Von Trotta may have taken on too much -- her film suffers from a surfeit of characters with complicated back stories . Nevertheless , I prefer it to the movies I usually see that set out to do too little .
One of the cinema 's most stirring celebrations of married love and a portrayal of the ` good German ' in World War II that is true , convincing and profoundly moving .
The tears ... generated feel earned rather than forced ; it 's as good a fiction film on the subject as can be imagined .
Von Trotta 's conceptual successes rarely translate into dramatic ones ... Nevertheless , Von Trotta makes her points ... while illuminating a subcultural story of the Holocaust .
Rosenstrasse is again only a sad reminder of the earlier von Trotta .
The lack of a streamlined narrative and reliance on manipulative devices turn a story of stark significance into a middling melodrama .
The picture 's structural intricacy is a smoke screen for its psychological and emotional shallowness .
Von Trotta , who 's obviously less personally invested in her story , seems more than a little calculating in her efforts to wring tears .
The heart of the film is so strong that its images of love and devotion shared by wives and husbands on the edge of an abyss remain indelibly etched in one 's memory .
While the film concentrates on Lena , eloquently portrayed by Katja Riemann , the movie earns your empathy .
Katja Rieman gives a superb performance , fiercely controlled and terrifically affecting .
Overall , the past and the present come together effectively .
The restrained movie could 've used a little more grand-scale drama , but as it is , it 's a worthy and memorable exploration .
Despite the unique focus , the time-tripping screenplay hits manipulative buttons about Nazis and their victims that have been pressed many times before and with a steelier edge .
As a treatment of yet another unexplored corner of the Nazi nightmare , the film is revelatory ; needless to say it 's also heartbreaking .
Mawkish and manipulative .
A movie in which an extraordinary collective act of moral and physical courage is relegated to a backdrop for a mushy , synthetic family melodrama .
A modest yet moving fact-based drama .
There 's more than enough to hold our interest .
Rosenstrasse 's scattered storylines clamor for focus before being anticlimactically resolved .
The German director Margarethe von Trotta revisits a relatively obscure episode from Germany 's Nazi past to dismally inept effect .
Captures well not only the varying states of mind and levels of awareness in Germany during World War II but also the era 's lingering effect upon its survivors .
The movie is woven with care and complexity , again confirming von Trotta 's place as one of the world 's greatest female filmmakers .
Interludes stop the movie in its tracks and , counter no doubt to von Trotta 's intentions , do a disservice to the Rosenstrasse women themselves , who should n't have to fight for screen time .
Rosenstrasse is another morally sensitive and serious film by Margarethe von Trotta about women and their special brand of heroism .
Bumpily paced , it 's overlong and freighted with a soppy , manipulative musical score .
Pic is always watchable thanks to the fine perfs , with Riemann and Schade , who convincingly portray young and old Lena , respectively , rating high in the acting stakes .
The viewer is left both impressed by the gracefulness and subtlety of its effects and confused by exactly what the sum total of those effects are .
A heartwarming and suspenseful look at a little-known event that occurred when ` Aryan ' women risked their lives to save their Jewish husbands during WWII .
A powerful story undermined by Margarethe von Trotta 's uninspired direction .
While the subject matter is compelling and powerful , von Trotta 's approach is uninspired and terribly sentimental .
All of the actors acquit themselves well , with a special nod to the warm and vital Schade , the loyal and radiant Riemann and Schrader .


@highlight

Thoughtful drama marred by structural problems .