With an unsurprising climax , weak story and repetitive action , the film fails to be half as good as a regular Statham gag must mandatorily be .
Wild Card has a handful of spectacular fights -LRB- choreographed by Cory Yuen -RRB- , sprinkled throughout long stretches of compulsive gambling and macho brooding .
As Jason Statham action flicks go , this is one of the better ones , but it is still only going to appeal to the fans .
This is a snappily-edited film that finds a surprisingly solid middle-ground between fast action and gangster melodrama .
It was a risk asking Statham to do more than just bash baddies ... it kind of pays off .
It ai n't anything new , but it 's entertaining .
Much of the climactic energy is focused on a series of trumped-up , ultraviolent fight sequences . Most of the narrative depth gets lost in the process .
Piles of noirish exposition get the better of Jason Statham in this unpleasantly retrograde crime drama . What happened in Vegas should have stayed there .
Unjustly ignored .
Heaven knows what Brian De Palma -LRB- originally slated to direct -RRB- would have made of it , but nuts-and-bolts man Simon West , with whom Statham remade The Mechanic , keeps things simple .
Wild Card clearly has aspirations beyond the beat-em-up genre . But it sorely lacks any connection between the characters and the viewer , failing to establish and relatable moments to rouse our interest .
The fight scenes are deadpan and electric , as they should be in a Statham film , but the attempts at comedy and pathos are sorely misjudged in a loose-knit storyline that simply ambles to an underwhelming conclusion .
It might have high-rolling credentials , but Wild Card is bluffing .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- offbeat and entertaining enough to stand a fair chance of achieving cult status in future years .
Bar . Big breasts . Bodyguard . Jason Statham ! Cockney , mate . Vegas , innit ?
It emerges , alas , as a compromise , hedging its bets between cheery , characterful Ocean 's - ish caper and brute-force beat - 'em - up ; we 're offered helpings of both , but not enough of either to satisfy .
Ideal Statham - see 2002 's The Transporter - is a gent , a man of few words who cleaves to a certain way of doing things . The hero he gives us here is just a little too close to a thug , a braggart and a loser . It wo n't do .
Jason Statham may be playing essentially the same character he always plays , but this noir-style thriller has a somewhat groovier tone thanks to the Las Vegas setting ...
With Wild Card , Statham may finally have overplayed his hand .
As for the actual plot , it 's a tedious and wonky affair , packed with typical crime-thriller elements .
Statham remake is violent and contemplative , not thrilling .
Too often it 's hard to figure where the story of this hard luck hero is going , or if it 's going anywhere .
A pulpy , enjoyable caper filled with unexpected plot twists and memorable characters , even when they only get a few lines of dialogue .
It 's hard to not feel a slight sense of disappointment when what looks like a steaming hot slab of fresh action filmmaking hot off the grill turns out to be microwaved leftovers .
Part '70s crime caper , part character comedy , part hit-punch actioner , Wild Card plays the hands it 's dealt with an amusing and acceptable lack of ambition .
One confused picture , endeavoring to find pockets of dramatic depth as it organizes a big screen bloodbath .
Wild Card ultimately comes off as more of a slow-paced character study than anything else ...
This film 's tagline should be `` Come for the stabbing , stay for the gabbing ! ''
Statham is one of the most appealing of action stars , but the film is a little light on action , and his narrow range is unfairly tested by the movie 's narrative wallows .
There will be abundant laying waste of unworthy opponents , and the groans you hear will not be his .
Slow-motion knockouts follow , with Mr. Statham as sure-fisted as ever , but the `` Expendables '' director Simon West can only summon dead air in between .
Sadly , `` Wild Card '' is no royal flush , no full house , no three of a kind . A bust is I think the term I 'm searching for .
No stranger to piloting action films , West allows the yarn to unwind at a perfectly measured pace .
Wild Card does n't really do -LSB- Statham -RSB- any favours , despite its rock-solid supporting cast and storied pedigree .
Given its overall lack of excitement and smattering of mano-y-mano spectacle , Wild Card should really be called Mild Card .
Statham , in turn , is an aloof , drowsy shell of a leading man , the full embodiment of a 100-minute sad grimace . He seems just as bored as the audience must be . He is , once again , so much better than this .
Statham ca n't sell it -- going for wistful , he just looks tired .
Wild Card is a stylish throwback to 80s noir that makes fine use of its charismatic lead actor .
The rest of the film does n't feel particularly coherent , mainly because the story moves with the help of cameos rather than character development .
A largely forgettable lark , notable more for its slight diversions from action-movie norms than anything else .
Las Vegas steals the show , even though it 's played by New Orleans .
`` This is the height of my career , '' says Jason Statham sarcastically in his latest potboiler ...
Does the curdled thriller `` Wild Card '' represent a brief misstep ? Or is this the moment when Jason Statham , like so many action heroes before him , settles into self-caricature ?
`` Wild Card '' does n't even have enough chips to play at the lowest stakes table .
Overstuffed and distractible , this episodic redo feels like a couple episodes of some Showtime series stitched into a feature ...
One of Statham 's better vehicles .
Script by William `` Marathon Man/Misery '' Goldman , ass-kicking by Jason Statham ? It 's not all bad .
Even for a shaggy dog tale , this is too shaggy , and it can only charm its way out of some of its problems .
The action-movie pyrotechnics succeed only at reinforcing Simon West 's macho bona fides and condescendingly forcing Jason Statham back into his wheelhouse .
Too little action , too much rambling conversation .
A star this good deserves a better movie .
Should cash in on Statham 's loyal fan base , but will be a letdown to anyone looking for a real thrill ride .
Ultimately Wild Card is n't sharp enough to execute its modest ambitions , leaving one with the impression that a lot of stylishness has been flaunted without much to show for it .
As usual , Statham gets a lot of mileage out of his droll , ever-present scowl , but as in `` Heat , '' the movie 's disparate narrative strands never really come together , and the climactic showdown feels pretty anticlimactic .

@highlight

Hardcore Jason Statham fans may enjoy parts of Wild Card , but all other action aficionados need not apply .