Too pat by a half during the finale , but Tyler Perry shows a maturity as a filmmaker that would pave the way for arguably his best picture , 2010 's `` For Colored Girls . ''
Taraji P. Henson is absolutely staggering and wonderful ... this , people , is what inspirational cinema is supposed to look like .
Contrived , sentimental , tonally bipolar , and as predictable as clockwork , this latest from chitlin ' circuit impressario Tyler Perry is just a fat slab of ecstatic entertainment .
I Can Do Bad All By Myself may not be a model of tonal restraint , but it 's well acted , it 's funny , the music is phenomenal , and the religion is sincere .
Perry sticks to his storytelling principles , doing what he does so well .
Tyler Perry 's latest crackles with electricity , thanks to heaps of boffo acting talent , high-octane musical interludes , and the most easy-to-root-for electrocution scene since Ernest Goes to Jail .
Lurches around for nearly two hours before concluding that all its heroine needed all along was a good -LRB- and hunky -RRB- man and Jesus .
Taraji P. Henson is the Mary J. Blige of film .
Narratively and grammatically dim redemption pap .
Tyler Perry does good all by himself , but having Henson on board helps .
If the Atlanta impresario is just bored with cranking out two adaptations a year of his earlier stage work , the audience is getting restless , too .
It is easy to knock the Tyler Perry formula , but you have to give the man credit : He knows how to create meaty roles for women .
Though no one would cite him for the cinematic qualities of his visually pedestrian films , Perry is a master conductor of emotions .
Mr. Perry has his moviemaking machine running smoothly , which is to say somewhat predictably .
Unashamedly fond of mixing messages of vengeance and piety , Perry nevertheless manages to reduce the tonal whiplash , so that this newest entry glides a little more easily from broad laughs to teary anguish and finally sweeping uplift .
It 's the best Tyler Perry movie to date -- the writer/director/actor / mogul 's most confident and competent mixture of uplifting black middle-class melodrama and low-down comedy .
After a summer of phony , pasty rom-coms , do this : See a movie where old-fashioned notions of love , faith , strength , and the possibility of redemption are taken seriously .
Sometimes-gritty dramedy has some moving moments .
If Perry continues to surround himself with great talent like this , maybe it 'll force him to step up his own game and make a movie that departs from his increasingly tired formula .
The songs and Henson 's sensitive portrayal of the woman who has neglected herself and her home keep us involved .
A pleasant , if predictable morality play offering a litany of teachable moments certain to resonate with the Born Again demographic .
Not a very good movie , but it has some sincerely positive ideas , and those ideas almost make up for the fact that it 's not a very good movie .
I Can Do Bad acknowledges Madea 's flaws with loving scrutiny , and does n't require approval of her more selfish attributes .
Tyler Perry 's latest hodgepodge has its moments .
Sadly , the barrage of `` inspirational '' musical numbers in the second half stops the narrative dead in its tracks .
With makeover maven Tyler 's repeat reincarnation of Madea/Joe all by himself , the film 's got humor , heart and the euphoric musical infusion of a soulful diva or two . But can we save those mandatory raucous religious screamfests for Sunday church already .
Ultimately , we wind up with another Tyler Perry movie in which a wayward woman must learn to submit to two patriarchies : the nice blue-collar guy who 's going to solve her problems , and Jesus .
While Perry is still preaching to the already converted , I Can Do Bad All By Myself confirms that he 's finally figured out how to turn said sermonizing into a far more mainstream experience .
Parental Content Review
There are absolutely no surprises in store , plot-wise , though Perry 's approach has always been to rework familiar narrative conventions in such a way as to reaffirm key values .
Perry plugs into the primal power of gospel , blues , soul , and the black church in ways that make Bad far more affecting than it has any right to be .
By shoving half a dozen songs -- gospel , funk and soul -- into the film , Perry shows he still has n't mastered pace and learned to sacrifice scenes to make his movies faster and smoother .
Perry predictably delivers a `` lesson '' toward the end of the film about the power of love over violence . After watching the movie , you 'll either leave inspired or ready to turn in your church membership .
Like a chef who keeps making the same recipe over and over , Tyler Perry has found his strength and he 's sticking to it .
On that positive and melodious note , Perry 's I Can Do Bad All By Myself does no harm .
Despite a plot that 's arguably Perry 's most predictable , I Can Do Bad All By Myself is genuinely affecting when the gospel spirit takes hold and is a marked improvement over his last two pieces of moral burlesque .
It 's discouraging to watch Bad build an unusual rhythm in the opening scenes only to stop itself and sprint back into Madea/preach mode , where the uncomfortable marriage of Jesus and domestic violence reigns .
Newcomers willing to go along for the ride may be surprised at how good it feels to be spoonfed all this hope and love .
To keep empire building , Perry needs to step up his game . And his new film -- the almost-musical I Can Do Bad All By Myself -- ai n't quite there .





@highlight

Though somewhat formulaic and predictable , Perry succeeds in mixing broad humor with sincere sentimentality to palatable effect .