The film just is n't consistently frightening enough , tips its hand too early , and makes it difficult to emotionally invest in the characters for whom there is little fear .
Clive Owen 's daddy issues are getting out of hand .
Do n't tease that we might see a face get torn off and only give us what amounts to several noogies-from-the-beyond .
I could think of a half dozen things that INTRUDERS almost says , but the film does n't take the time to actually say any of them .
Intruders is a thriller hybrid that goes a long way and it is definitely worth the watch .
`` Intruders '' is a horror film that has absolutely nothing memorable or noteworthy about it .
The story jumps back and forth between the two countries and quickly becomes tedious and only mildly scary . The ending might surprise you if you manage to stay awake . A compelling story with more chills and a clearer plotline could have helped .
Intruders is a slow-going psychological thriller with very few thrills and little intrigue .
Owen is always at least good , and here he 's perfectly cast .
Intruders was either the victim of reshoots and postproduction meddling or it desperately needed some .
Spanish director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo has created a fascinating hybrid -- and a moody , spooky movie besides .
Treats a molehill of an idea as though it were a mountain of fright .
Gets disappointingly literal with what proves to be a goofy psychological story .
With Intruders , Fresnadillo has made a small but quality film that will make you furrow your brow as much as bite your nails .
Defying science and religion both and striking at the darkest places in the psyche , it exposes the fragility of both life and of sanity .
Proves conclusively that not all Spaniards make good horror movies .
One more bummer supernatural thriller , all too easy to figure out and with an arty overlay that mitigates pulpy enjoyment .
Joins the crowded subgenre of childhood boogeyman scare-fests that fail to find the spine-tingling power of what we think may be under the bed .
The mildly incoherent script simply does n't generate enough suspense or provide enough scares to allow viewers to invest in its outcome .
More adventurous viewers will discover a challenging picture that bends reality in a subtle matter , taking an alternative path to sniff out some scares .
This is ... an intelligent , scary little movie . Because it 's smart enough to know what 's really scary is what 's inside us .
Never compels the viewer to buy into any of this or to invest emotionally . And the scary stuff is only frighteningly bland .
The net effect is like what happens on Halloween when a teenager who 's too old and much too tall to be out trick-or-treating knocks on your door wearing a painstakingly constructed but zero-scare-factor hobo costume .
`` Intruders '' looks great and has a promising opening , but this atmospheric Spanish psychological thriller is otherwise pretty underwhelming .
It 's impossibly labored and dull , a case study in the wrong way to make a horror movie .
An absolute mess , completely unsatisfying and a waste of time .
Why do so many horror movies that begin with promise fall apart in the final act ?
If you do n't guess the big twist in the first 30 minutes , `` Intruders '' is half of a good movie . If you do , it 's about a third of a good movie .
It 's a pleasure to find that Mr. Fresnadillo has assumed the mantle of horror classicist to make `` Intruders , '' using shadows and directorial sleights of hand to coax forth its slow-building scares rather than just pouring on the usual guts and gore .
Tellingly , Fresnadillo did n't have a hand in writing this one , and although it intrigues initially , its underlying premise , revealed in a third act ` twist , ' is so illogical and just plain stupid any good will is thrown out the window .
Little happens in the first act , and most of what transpires in the second will be contradicted by the events of the third . Does n't leave much of a net sum .
When the most pulse-pounding moments involve a burning overcoat or a glimpse of an arm in a surveillance video , the threat of inner and outer violation remains more theoretical than palpable .
Its muddled , overambitious story leaves us unsatisfied - you might even say hollow .
Owen is a good actor stuck in a subpar creepfest that makes no good use of his gravitas and talents .
`` Intruders '' promises much but delivers relatively little .
Horror has been so dumbed down in recent years that it 's a minor miracle when a movie in this genre actually gives you something to ponder , something more than omnipotent nuts-with-knives or teenagers trapped in abandoned summer camps .
Plays with classic horror elements of rain , bony monster fingers , vertiginous camera angles , and assorted shout-outs to Pan 's Labyrinth .
A movie about childhood nightmares that plays too much like an actual , incoherent nightmare to make a good movie , Intruders is a psychodrama divided against itself .
Intruders is never scary , and it 's so implausible and uninvolving that even when it 's being explained , it is still unconvincing . Talky psychology is a poor substitute for supernatural thrills .
All Hollow Face -- a black-hooded , vaporous shape -- likes to do , apparently , is hover over sleeping bodies and snatch a leg or two .
With nothing tangible at stake , Intruders is just an aggregation of influences that 's as blank as its bogeyman .
Even when the terror feels muted , it still maintains a sense of dread , maybe in part because children are involved .
A step down for its director , the film feels like an exercise in horror style , but it 's not scary and the story is weak .
It 's one of those instances where the idea probably sounded a whole lot scarier on paper .
I 'm sorry , but Hollowface is not the next big horror icon . He 's a guy in a hood with weird fingers . I think the fisherman slicker guy in I Know What You Did Last Summer was scarier .
Watchable only if you 're at home , on the couch , with a strong cup of coffee in hand .
Intruders might be a horror story without undue histrionics , but it is , quite literally , in need of a face .
The twist is that the two stories are not concurrent , though in the end this does n't make the film more coherent or plausible .
Intruders has many familiar elements , but it 's not a problem ; the film uses its archetypes wisely , and never glibly .
Alas that -LSB- the film -RSB- do -LSB- es -RSB- n't seem to understand that movie monsters need something more primally urgent about them than -LSB- it has -RSB- bothered to attach to Hollowface ...
Izán Corchero and Ella Purnell play the children naturally , and in telling his parallel tales Fresnadillo creates and sustains a vaguely threatening atmosphere .
Fresnadillo favours creepy suspense over gore resulting in a polished psychological drama .
A highly conventional supernatural chiller in a very ordinary Hollywood-ised manner .
No . Just no .
The film 's sluggish plot is bogged down by clunky dialogue and a predictable and unsatisfying resolution .
Fractured into two narratives that take far too long to come together , this stylish boogeyman thriller never convinces us that anyone is in actual peril .
The set-up is ripe with intrigue . Unfortunately , focus is frequently lost in the murky atmosphere .
Fresnadillo fails to build enough suspense .
As these parallel supernatural mysteries begin to meld into one another , all semblance of credibility dissolves , leaving behind an impenetrable and frustrating fog of unanswered questions .
Early atmospheric chills eventually give way to an exasperating plot twist .
Though short on shocks and mild in horror terms , Fresnadillo 's fantasy has a lot of heart and sincerity in equal measure .
so underwhelming
Creepy and atmospheric , this is a well written and stylishly directed psychological thriller that 's heightened by strong performances ...
... promisingly spooky ...
Big on atmosphere but light on plot .
The twist will likely infuriate many , but Fresnadillo 's effort to give audiences something different has to be appreciate . Owen is excellent .
Director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo 's technical skills are impressive , but this psychological chiller loses traction in the over-explanatory concluding stretch .
What begins as a masterfully crafted creature feature ultimately falls flat on its face knocking out all of its teeth .
-LSB- This -RSB- attempt to marry a monster movie with high-toned themes of storytelling and memory yields something more generic than it sounds .

@highlight

Intruders has a fantastic first act but then settles into a bland plot and scare tactics that are n't all too scary .