In those moments that Why Do n't You Play in Hell ? lacks substance-which are numerous-Sono turns this into a virtue . He reminds us that cinema is at its most pleasurable when it touches something deep inside .
This is pure midnight movie , all energy and whimsy and cartoonish displays of violence with yakuza soldiers dressed as samurai swordsmen .
It 's sentimentally absurd , violent , frenetic , trashy , romantic and filled with loud pop music .
Defined by a sanguineous sense of humor and unpretentious spirit , -LSB- it -RSB- makes for a stylish , self-aware , if somewhat lagging romp about film culture and creative ambitions .
If you can make it till the end , there 's one helluva payoff .
sporadically feels like a heartfelt love letter to the cinema and filmmaking - one that 's inked in blood
`` Why Do n't You Play in Hell '' is violent and irreverent , packed full with crazy ideas , and about as much bloody fun as you can have in a theater right now .
Sono achieves a level of insanity that most filmmakers would n't even dare to challenge , turning Why Do n't You Play In Hell ? into a uniquely decadent cinematic treat that delivers exactly as advertised .
Alternately exhilarating and tedious , Why Do n't You Play In Hell ? is Sono 's tribute to moviemaking .
Smiles and blood and pure , unadulterated affection for everything that cinema is capable of .
A blood-soaked gang saga that builds to a madcap battle royal .
Sono is so pure of heart , so full of enthusiasm and insane imagination and unwavering loyalty to the movie gods , long after the rest of us have stopped believing , that I forgive him everything .
Delivers adrenaline , chutzpah , and fake blood by the bucket-load , continually confounding audience expectations while offering up a twisted valentine to moviemaking in general and the disappearing medium of 35 mm film in particular .
A middle-aged filmmaker 's tribute to the kind of epic-sized gangster-romance he used to fantasize about making .
A creative , barnstorming movie that feeds off mayhem in a most entertaining fashion , finding swirling inspiration from a swarm of cinematic highlights . It 's original and absolutely furious .
What Hell has in spades , though , is a manic energy that 's becoming the calling card of Sono 's filmography .
Goofball antics and a terrific , raucous finale ca n't make up for the essential slackness of its repetitive comedy and punk chest thumping .
-LSB- Why Do n't You Play in Hell ? is n't -RSB- for everyone-it 's not even for every diehard movie buff-but for fans of Asian shock cinema it 's a treat .
Why Do n't You Play in Hell ? is n't for everyone , but neither was Stravinsky 's The Rite of Spring . Genius is genius , no matter how many audience members may riot .
From sudden zooms and abrupt freeze frames to lengthy tracking shots , slow-motion , and CG-enhanced fantasy interludes , Why Do n't You Play In Hell ? boasts an aesthetic insanity to match its uninhibited narrative .
A Quentin Tarantino knockoff from Japan , `` Why Do n't You Play in Hell ? '' has some of the master 's nutty energy but little of his cleverness .
The film 's blast of self-mocking overkill can be charming .
Why Do n't You Play in Hell ? pulsates with manic energy .
Refusing to mourn anything , displaying a Futurist-style disdain for the past , Sion Sono imagines a world in which static adherence to old ideas leads directly to doom .
The whole over-the-top on-screen affair is chaotic with loads of crosscutting that lead up to an outrageous half-hour skirmish with so much blood on the screen you can imagine you 're watching a tour of a Heinz ketchup factory .
It 's a movie that feels perfectly at home in 2014 , but would n't feel out of place in any other decade .
A deliriously gaudy celebration of the decline of everything -LRB- including Japanese cinema , film as a medium , and any notion of good taste -RRB- , it plays like the improbable bastard offspring of Cinema Paradiso -LRB- 1988 -RRB- and Kill Bill -LRB- 2003 -RRB-
A love letter to cinema , paired with an oddly moving family story and framed by a yakuza tale , Sono 's latest is wild , unruly , and hugely entertaining , whether you 're looking for a grand artistic vision , emotional resonance , or just two hours of fun .
A wacky , slapstick parody that 's also a gangster caper and a romantic comedy , it 's like Mel Brooks meets Guy Ritchie , juggling genres like flaming chainsaws .
Irresistible trashy fun in a cross-genre free-for-all .
Sion Sono 's rousing , freewheeling , scattershot and ultimately astonishingly bloodthirsty film is a classic cult title that will keep midnight movie fans entertained .
Sion Sono trawls sub-Tarantino B-movie-pastiche territory with this tedious , over-the-top gorefest .
Weird and woolly and sporadically amusing .
Quite possibly mankind 's greatest achievement .
A grease-glistening banquet of crash-zooms , gore plumes , gurning and chopping ...
... an ambivalently loving tribute to both the action movie and filmmaking in general , not so much blood-splattered as blood-drenched . It seems destined to be a midnight movie cult hit , but still feels very much a Sono film .

@highlight

Deliriously manic and gleefully tasteless , Why Do n't You Play in Hell ? delivers infectious genre fun .