After the smooth finish of Mary and Max earlier this year , $ 9.99 ca n't match up with its similar dark themes .
There is so much to admire about the skill involved in the stop-motion craft , but all films , regardless of their devices , rise or fall on their story , which is abstract and unengaging in $ 9.99 .
Director Tatia Rosenthal 's inspiration was to populate the proceedings with animated 3-D figures ; her cerebral , darkly funny film is a feat of stop-motion rumination .
Like most episode pieces , Rosenthal and Keret seem to have chosen the easy way out by not taking the trouble to develop any of the ideas beyond the basic anecdote .
A deliberately coarse character style that 's more Gumby than Gromit .
A small gem of an animated film , $ 9.99 manages to be rich in whimsy and fantastical turns while still rooted in human ground .
The film is more than picturesque whimsy , though : at times it reaches for some really quite weird imagery - and some raw honesty .
Set in a grim , grimy , often bleak world , a hybrid , densely detailed environment of interwoven stories and chance encounters , with occasional flights of fantasy and rare glimmers of hope .
The whole never quite comes together , in fact -- but even without that unity , the film has an oddball charm and intelligence .
Think Robert Altman 's Short Cuts with clay characters as engaging as human actors , and you might get a sense of what you 'll experience .
Not for all tastes due to its arthouse nature , this animation transcends into beautiful magical realism with a spectacular Australian voice cast .
Playful , light-hearted and fun , with an impressive cast of Aussie stars and some fine stop-motion animation . As it stands , at 74 minutes , it 's not quite as smart -LRB- or rewarding -RRB- as one would hope .
The Jewish melancholy and downbeat humour that oozes from the original writing is overlaid with an Australian idiom , thanks ironically to the great cast , in a transplant that does n't really take
It 's a challenging film with plenty of merit as a handful of unrelated stories criss-cross and involve us in a mountainous thought provoking journey in which we ponder the meaning of happiness
The creation of this world is amazingly detailed ; it 's magic , really . But maybe the film does n't quite reach the heights of everyman experience to which it aspires .
$ 9.99 is consistently amusing but rarely laugh-out-loud funny .
I 'm kind of getting tired of these `` grown up '' cartoons like WALTZ WITH BASHIR and PERSEPOLIS . To me , they kind of seem more focused on the gimmicks than the actual story .
It has been a good year for animation that pushes thematic and visual boundaries .
$ 9.99 may not be entirely successful from a dramatic perspective , and it certainly offers little enlightenment about the meaning of life . But the film is so intriguing in other ways that it 's definitely worth a look .
The conclusion is cheerful -- rather than strain for answers , we should just experience the joy of the moment -- but the road to that resolution is jarring .
The story , though , rarely engrosses as it poses the old ` meaning of life ' query , then dances around the subject .
$ 9.99 does n't make any big statements , but Keret and director Tatia Rosenthal are obviously interested in how each of our lives affects the people around us and in the crazy things people do in an effort to connect with each other .
Using the medium of Wallace and Gromit and Gumby , Israeli filmmaker Tatia Rosenthal turns her clay figures into real people in $ 9.99 , a wise , wistful study of hope and dread .
It is n't always clear if the animation is integral to the movie or merely a way of sprucing up its more familiar tales of melancholy and yearning .
The stop-motion animated world of $ 9.99 is a marvel to behold .
A bit boring and too long
It 's an entertaining , depressing and ultimately hopeful movie about the times we live in .
The film becomes so emotionally involving that the style winds up calling little attention to itself , and real characters emerge .
While I 'm normally all for pushing boundaries and doing things a bit differently , most of the time watching this I could help but feel like Keret and Rosenthal were being weird simply for the sake of being weird .
Unless you 're a fan of Keret 's , you likely wo n't get much out of this odd , R-rated trifle .
A charming , poetic and at times surreal stop-motion animation co-written with Etgar Keret and based on the Israeli writer 's short stories .
A movie that entertains and enlightens without being preachy .
I was intrigued to learn what the filmmakers think the meaning of life is , but the movie merely dances and alludes without coming right down to anything .
Stop-action animation of painted sculptures creates beautiful , full-bodied characters with bemused sophistication and tender charm , where the odd becomes sweetly normal .
With all the hoo-ha over Up , the latest Pixar extravaganza , it would be a loss if the highly worthy little animated feature $ 9.99 got buried in the avalanche .
Utilizes stop-motion animation to explore semi-fantastical ideas that could n't otherwise be touched on in live-action .
This often haunting stop-motion Claymation movie ultimately suffers from what bedevils many live-action movies culled from short stories : a herky-jerky plot .
Fans of deadpan comic fantasy writers like Douglas Adams and Kurt Vonnegut are likely to be intrigued by this lively little packet of weird -- then dive like a dolphin into Keret 's loopy story volumes .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Rosenthal gives the entire production a lovely , fine-art look , and a real feeling that we 're looking at life as it 's lived -- even if there are angels involved , and everyone is made of modeling clay .
$ 9.99 uses an extraordinary technique to bring the Israeli writer Etgar Keret 's world to life .
It 's a sleepy film , both in its consciously low-key execution and in its startling flashes of dreamlike whimsy .
oddly eloquent
Using the droll , wise stories of Etgar Keret as her guide , Israeli filmmaker Tatia Rosenthal concocts an artful film that
expresses deep thoughts , lightly .
Animation is so often used for frivolous flights of fancy that it 's something of a shock to see it employed in the service of a tale that emphasizes human foible and mortality .
Etgar Keret is sometimes described as Israel 's Woody Allen , but this hugely popular humorist is more fanciful and morbid in his evocation of cultural schlemielery .
The visual style could be called a cross between Edward Hopper and R. Crumb , by way of Gumby . Its handmade quality is just one of the many appealing things about it .
These narratives are little more than pleasantly off-kilter sketches with confounding resolutions , but director Tatia Rosenthal and writer Etgar Keret artfully present them as an interconnected , crosscut network of neighborhood activity .
Intriguing as a flawed experiment in animation , `` nine dollars ninety-nine '' suffers from a lack of thematic continuity that leaves the audience wanting both more and less -- more story and less metaphor .
An oddly compelling stop action animation film with puppets which provides a glimpse into the meaning of life in the adventures of a group of urban dwellers .
There is something undeniable hypnotic and bewitching about Tatia Rosenthal 's $ 9.99 , which if nothing else is a candidate for the most unusual film of 2008 .
Like most films that crisscross among a handful of city dwellers to mull contemporary ennui , $ 9.99 is less than the sum of its parts .
Gorgeous moments of animated surrealism and smart moments of emotional truth , yet the film 's labor-intensive puppetry is more memorable than its insights into human behavior .
A modest but undeniably charming under-the-radar surprise .
The stop-motion animated puppets in Tatia Rosenthal 's beguiling first feature look like clay-mated slabs of glazed meat , at once unreal and hyper-real .



@highlight

Its storyline is n't as wondrous as its visuals , but $ 9.99 has a sophistication and handmade charm that sets it apart from the animated pack .