The Town is a definite must-see .
In between terrific action set pieces , The Town lightens the anxiety with some chewy , funny moments .
What 's the deal with making films about a Boston that no longer exists ?
I do n't know if you 've heard this already , but Ben Affleck happens to be from Boston .
The Town may not be perfect , but Affleck does a lot of things right , including picking some great actors and letting them do their jobs to deliver fine performances .
Assured , confident direction by Affleck , terrifically paced action sequences and brilliant use of location turn The Town into a truly enjoyable movie .
One of the great modern heist pictures .
Action can be difficult for someone not experienced with it . Yet , Affleck shows that he 's more than up to the task .
` The Town ' hits not one false note , despite a plot that easily could have come across as contrived .
Because this all revolves around Affleck , The Town is a curiosity ; directed by him under another name and it would be forgettable .
Ben Affleck may not be his generation 's best actor , but he is quickly becoming one of its best directors .
If it just stuck to its guns The Town would be a fun , engaging heist film , but by reaching for more it ends up achieving less .
The Town is n't original in any sense of the word , but Affleck does a marvelous job executing all of the pieces and is easily one of the best films of 2010 .
A grade A crime thriller .
One of those rare cases that the previews are actually as good as the movie .
A film can only be as riveting as its ability to have the audience believe or suspend belief , and though The Town takes steps toward authenticity , it fails to meet even the basic requirements of plausibility .
A crime thriller that is good more of the time than it 's not , but suffers from the fact it should 've been great .
A solid crime drama , with shades of Michael Mann 's Heat , but a sluggish pace and meandering middle drag things down a little .
... a well-tooled thriller with a tough edge and an impressive professionalism .
The movie 's thrills are old-fashioned and assured .
Despite its gritty feel and appearance , it 's a romantic heist picture at heart .
The cast is uniformly game , restrained , earthy , and will probably prove superior to at least half of those nominated for Oscars next year .
full review at Movies for the Masses
Ben Affleck has matured as an actor and serves up what is arguably his best performance to date .
... the familiarity of the storyline is rarely as problematic as one might 've anticipated ...
En comparación con su primer largo como director , este segundo intento de Ben Affleck pierde puntos no porque sea una mala película , sino porque es una película más .
One of the first serious adult dramas of the fall season , ` The Town ' also is one of the first serious Oscar contenders .
Disproving theories on the inability of male multitasking , Ben Affleck skilfully acts , writes and directs The Town .
A hard-edged thriller with a soft underbelly that continues to solidify Ben Affleck 's talents in front of , and behind the camera .
As far as a developing directing talent goes , The Town is to Ben Affleck what Pulp Fiction was to Quentin Tarantino . It 's that good .
An electric heist film played out with an impressive ensemble cast , and grounded in a believably earnest sense of place , Affleck proves Gone Baby Gone was no beginner 's luck .
It turns that as a director -LSB- Affleck is -RSB- exemplary and probably should direct himself more often , as he 's done a great job both in front of and behind the lens in this excellent heist film .
In lesser hands , the central relationship might not have worked ; but Affleck and Hall make it completely believable , adding to the texture of this classy thriller .
Trouble is , The Town could have been a far better and more compelling movie with someone else as the star .
One poor director 's choice lets the film down badly . In the climactic closing scenes , there is just way , way too much fire power . A strong film nonetheless , much of the time .
If you can imagine Clint Eastwood doing a stripped-back version of Michael Man 's classic heist flick Heat , you are in the vicinity of what Ben Affleck has achieved with The Town .
Richly rewarding and should be devoured by adult cinemagoers in a sea of mediocre titles at the multiplex .
The tension is thick and the accents even thicker in the redemptive crime thriller , The Town .
Best when focusing on robbing rather than knobbing ... The Town is absorbing whenever the bad guys are up to no good .
It 's better than a simple heist movie and less efficient than a really good one . Affleck has made it about character and place , at the expense of the heist , so it 's a film of mixed attractions .
The Town is a decent crime thriller/drama but it has the veneer of a film with far more substance
Affleck?s sophomore offering contains plenty of pay-offs and a slick narrative structure , easily solidifying his growing reputation as a director with the right stuff for a familiar good time .
Featuring a highly impressive ensemble cast , this smart and stylish thriller is hugely entertaining .
The emotional action in The Town is just as gripping as the physical action .
Invested with some original ideas and a solid premise , The Town is a crunchy thriller
There?s a rich sense of place in this taut thriller that begins as a heist movie before it swallows us up and takes us into different territory
Affleck calls his own number , giving a strong turn as the conflicted criminal who thinks he might finally taste life without looking over his shoulder .
Only now does it seem the older Affleck 's career rehabilitation is fully complete with the arrival of his second accomplished directorial outing , The Town .
Treats its stock dynamics and themes with respectful professionalism .
Affleck brings this base , disturbing slice of Boston into focus .
Affleck takes a number of risks , which helps elevate The Town above its admittedly pulpy roots into something that is both harder and more moving
The Town is a steal . It 's a tautly-paced , well-acted and confidently directed heist flick that cares as much about detailing the nuances of its characters ' damaged lives as it does in executing the crew 's big scores .
It 's a studio picture that offers intriguing situations and characters as well as the gunplay and car chases that dominate most Hollywood fare .
The heist sequences and chase scenes are beautifully staged , although the romance seems unlikely and taints an otherwise solid action film .
Ben Affleck confirms his directing skills with this sharply made thriller , which carefully maintains a human connection with its characters . It 's an astutely observed story , finely told by both cast and crew .
A brilliantly-crafted thriller that 's been tailor-made for ` mature ' audiences - in the very best sense of the word .
It 's to Affleck 's credit that he strives so hard to put a personal imprint on such generic material .
The Town is very professionally crafted , grown-up and exciting entertainment . How often does a critic get to write those words ?
After a mostly undistinguished and lazy career as a movie star , Affleck proves with The Town that he really has found his true calling : as a film-maker/actor , not the other way around .
A perfectly watchable and workmanlike crime thriller that would 've been better were it not for weak direction from Ben Affleck .
Intriguing Characters Populate The Town .
That Affleck guy is a pretty decent director .
Affleck , often underrated as an actor , fits effortlessly into this milieu .
Ben Affleck 's visionary story-telling , top-shelf acting , deep characters , and emotional weight put some hefty meat on the tired bones of the action genre .
The rehabilitation of Ben Affleck is complete . His penance has been accepted . The star of Gigli , Daredevil and Pearl Harbor has now earned audiences ' respect again -LRB- to say nothing of finally being worthy of wife Jennifer Garner -RRB- .
A top notch action flick undone by flashes of ego .
The Town is a well-crafted and vivid portrait of a close-knit community of men with a strict code of silence that condemns those whose speak out to an early grave .
Ok , so originality is n't The Town 's strong suit and a few crime drama clichés are ticked off as we hurtle towards the finale . But when a film is this tense and this well acted , it 's possible to overlook them .
The cast are all great and strangely , directing himself , Affleck manages to deliver one of his strongest performances yet . Maybe he just knows how to get the best out of him .
Affleck is a little wooden ... and most of what happens outside of the actual bank robberies themselves is pretty predictable .
The transformation of Ben Affleck from busted A-list star to surprisingly useful journeyman director continues in The Town his follow-up to the uneven but fascinating Gone Baby Gone .
A tense thriller full of great performances , `` The Town '' is a heist film that rivals `` Dog Day Afternoon '' and `` Heat . ''
This is a tough urban thriller that ranks with the best recent efforts in the genre . It lacks the originality of Michael Mann 's Heat , but it 's at least on a level with Eastwood 's Mystic River and Scorsese 's The Departed .
While The Town glories in genre tropes it also dumps any overt stylings or clipped , staccato dialogue , instead keeping the action alive and lithe . Keeping it real .
In addition to directing with flair and confidence , Affleck plays the central conflicted character with admirable subtlety ...
The Town is that rare beast , a grown-up genre flick , chock-full of compelling character dynamics and a clutch of pitch-perfect performances .
Feels all but indistinguishable from the thousands of similar films that have blazed a trail before it .
He was once so wooden he threatened to take root , but as a director of contemporary thrillers Affleck is suddenly right up there with the likes of Paul Greengrass and Christopher Nolan . Astonishing !
Affleck 's direction adds visceral qualities that complement the cerebral merits of the movie .
This is tripe with character . You can deride the high quotient of flimflam or you can relish the pace , sense of place , and pulsing dialogue .
Further proof that Affleck -- after the professional doldrums of the Bennifer years -- is fulfilling the promise of Good Will Hunting and is a writer/director totally in command of his subject .
This is a hugely enjoyable thriller that confirms Ben Affleck 's talent as a director , thanks to a strong script , great set-pieces and terrific performances from a note-perfect cast .
The Town is bogged down by Hollywood wheezes of plot and character . It 's a slam-bang , raucous action film that is not as authentic as it thinks it is .
A character study crossed with a doomed romance propped against a critique of machismo set inside a penetrating study of an exact physical place , and it does all of these things extremely well .
It still feels odd to say it , but I ca n't wait for the next Affleck joint .
Aided by car chases that rival Bullitt and The French Connection , Affleck 's second effort as a director is even better than his first , which is high praise .
Affleck is a better director here than actor as witnessed by the performances he gets from Renner and Lively - which outshine his .
As a director , Affleck now has two home runs in two at-bats . This is one of the best movies of the year .
A riveting , immorality play establishing Ben Affleck as a director to be reckoned with .
Considering we know every twist and turn in every dark alley of `` The Town , '' thank god the movie is well written , superbly directed and perfectly acted .
Affleck has a deft hand , keeping the pace quick and handling both his actors and drama with skill . It 's clear that Gone Baby Gone was no fluke .
Hall 's performance is the one piece of perfection in this film .
A worthy entry into the pantheon of great cops and robbers films , The Town is intelligent , darkly funny and full of harrowing , high-impact thrills . A breath of life into B. Affleck 's career and proof of J. Renner 's stardom .
Solid but superficial and troubling amoral action-packed crime thriller .
This is a very accomplished film with excellent acting performances by all .
Remember when everyone liked Matt Damon AND Ben Affleck ? Well , if ` Gone Baby Gone ' did n't convince you to get back on the Affleck Express , ` The Town ' will .
When Ben Affleck 's playing the role of the filmmaker on subject matter he cares about most , we now see two examples of films that literally are made because he 's monopolizing the most important elements of their creation .
Affleck delivers a fast-paced , taut thriller , giving us three heists in the bargain .
While The Town does n't quite match Gone Baby Gone -LRB- which , after all , was second only to No Country for Old Men on my 10 Best list for ' 07 -RRB- , it illustrates that Affleck wo n't have to contend with either the label of `` beginner 's luck '' or `` sophomore jinx . ''
a solid , riveting thriller from a gifted , gritty filmmaker .
Affleck 's attention seems diverted on camera because of his directorial duties . Hall stands out , displaying real emotions . Renner brings out the toughness & spontaneous hair-trigger qualities of his role . Hamm never gets ...
All is forgiven , Ben . Just stay behind the camera so you can give us more films like The Town
Affleck 's overall directorial instincts are sound ; breathtaking car chases and ear-rattling shoot-outs are thrillingly executed .
There 's rarely a moment in the film when we do n't feel Doug 's pain and uncertainty .
If Affleck is able to continually churn out quality films that are as flawless in execution as his first two , we might have another Martin Scorsese on our hands .
I give tremendous props to Mr. Affleck for keeping my butt in the seat and engaged for a movie that has not one story beat that is n't visible marching up Comm Ave.
Hewing close to heist-movie genre conventions is n't a weakness when you do it as well as Affleck does here .
A well-acted , suspenseful , refreshingly intelligent and character-driven crime thriller with just the right balance of action , drama and comic relief .
A conventional storyline buoyed by a host of exceptional performances .
Well-acted , atmospheric crime drama is a solid sophomore directing effort from Ben Affleck .
Affleck has talent behind the camera , so much I ca n't wait to see what he 's got up his sleeve next , but even with that being so his latest cinematic heist is in the end one I did n't want to remain a part of .
A fast-paced thriller with outstanding performances ...
Affleck harnesses the pulpy material with a gritty , realistic flair that keeps you enthralled right up to the bombastic finale , where the director finally loses his grip .
While the film never reaches that true level of greatness , Affleck has crafted a well-made heist film with amazing performances from Lively , Postlethwaite and Renner .
Affleck maintains a surprising amount of humor in the dialogue and story which helps minimize the feeling of sincere melodrama at the film 's center .
If -LSB- Affleck would -RSB- just play those cards right , I could see him sliding those big shoulders into the ranks of the Hollywood greats .
-LRB- Although it -RRB- lacks the emotional wallop of Gone Baby Gone , it is an exceedingly well-assembled genre picture , a spell-binding , edge-of-your-seat thriller .
Strong , suspenseful , mature drama about a life of crime .
An autopsy for The Town would list multiple causes of death .
-LRB- Ben -RRB- Affleck 's work behind the camera is sure and concise . He knows how to stage exciting and realistic gun battles and is aware of how to build suspense and tension .
A gritty drama about bank robbing and the redemptive power of love .
Affleck 's direction is clipped when the plot requires , but he lingers on character-driven scenes -LRB- at a garden , a restaurant , a corner -RRB- in no apparent rush . Why hurry , after all ? He 's arrived .
Essential viewing for connoisseurs of dropped r 's , close-cropped hair and aerial views of the city that used to call itself the hub of the universe .
A deliberately old-fashioned melodrama that echoes the pulpy mix of violence and romanticism of gangster films of the Thirties and Forties .
A gritty , well-made heist flick weighed down by obvious story progression .
Ben Affleck 's follow-up to his gritty directorial debut , Gone Baby Gone , proves the actor/director/co-writer is here , baby , here to stay .
You just can not take your eyes off of Renner in any scene . He is a charismatic , dynamite performer .
A solid heist movie whose fleshed-out characters give the story the weight it requires to be more than just a caper film .
Affleck 's made a great film buried inside a moderately good one . All he needs to do is discover how to let it out .
The Town does n't reinvent the wheel . It just does what it does with great conviction and a sky-high level of execution . It also forges ahead with one of the best Hollywood second-act stories in recent memory .
Think of Ben Affleck as the Woody Allen of Boston .
Gone Baby Gone was no fluke . Affleck has arrived as a director .
The profane , stylized , typically menacing speeches delivered by the movie 's preening bank robbers , gangsters and federal agents are scary , poetic and even beautiful in their way , and they help elevate the film to the top rank of recent crime thrillers .
Affleck made a quietly astonishing directorial debut a few years ago with the taut , atmospheric mystery Gone Baby Gone . With The Town , he proves he 's no one-hit wonder .
`` The Town '' is a welcome beginning to a very long season of films vying for Oscar attention . If even half are as good as this one , we 're in for a heck of a ride .
`` The Town '' is an absolutely terrific movie in all respects . Affleck has had his share of duds in the past , but here he achieves cinematic nirvana .
Now this is how you make a crime yarn .
Little of it 's new , but it 's all handled quite capably and then some , meaning you wo n't feel robbed of your time and/or money by watching it . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
The Town is an exciting and extremely well acted film .
Affleck 's smooth , elegant directorial style is strong reminiscent of Clint Eastwood 's : He takes his time establishing characters who are far more complex than they initially appear , then thrusts them into moral dilemmas with no easy outs .
The Town has showcase heist sequences and car chases that avoid the usual pitfalls of over-the-top silliness and/or incoherence .
Story-wise , The Town is n't nearly as tight as Gone Baby Gone . But Affleck mostly makes up for that by revealing two additional filmmaking gifts : He 's really good at staging unpretentious action scenes and at directing himself as an actor .
Affleck , also the film 's co-writer , delivers a sturdy actioner with several set pieces that call to mind classics like Rififi , Bullitt and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid .
With gunshots that roar like cannons and exhilarating car chases through Boston 's narrow streets , the execution of the crimes is far more interesting and convincing than Doug 's personal journey .
Ben Affleck works both sides of the camera to impressive effect in The Town , a dramatic thriller that fulfills its considerable ambitions .
Ben Affleck has gone from being the butt of jokes to being the next Clint Eastwood .
The reclamation project that Ben Affleck calls a career continues with The Town , his second directing effort that would impress more if the first try were n't so terrific and visually similar .
Though the narrative is a conventional one , the well-acted , suspenseful story deals in fascinatingly murky morality and mines intriguing material from a historic and complex city .
A solid two-hour ride that proves Ben Affleck has a bright directorial career ahead of him .
Ben Affleck crafts a compelling , tight-knit bank heist drama .
It 's pulpy B-movie material , but it 's a well-acted and respectable grown-up version of it .
The Town digs a little deeper under its genre conventions and character commonplaces to work its way to being a very satisfying and unexpectedly moving experience .
As a chaser to Affleck 's last offering of pungent Beantown brew , The Town is near-beer .
This one is a little more pedestrian in the story department . Happily , Affleck more than makes up for it with his handling of rich details , his skill with actors and his pure love for the city of Boston .
With a crisp , clear style and a focus on character , director Ben Affleck is able to imbue staple action scenes with a sense of urgency and tension .
Behind the jangly car chases and the procedural action in The Town lurks a doomed , beautifully acted romance -- and a still-young filmmaker , already at the top of his game .
As an auteur , Affleck 's style is definitely worth watching , but his acting is still a bore , and he 's fallen into the trap of putting himself in the lead .
Ben Affleck grew up in Boston , which may explain why The Town reeks of authenticity , along with a palpable sense of desperation and existential angst .
This second feature does n't resonate with nearly as much power , but its suspenseful story of two generations of career criminals in the city 's northerly Charlestown neighborhood has a similarly haunting quality .
What we have here is more firmly rooted in formula , albeit with a capable , even impressive , handle on strong , old-fashioned storytelling .
Ben Affleck has a good brain for filmmaking -- he 's clearly a smart and avid student of the medium -- but the elements that make his second outing as a director , The Town , such an enjoyable and exciting movie have more to do with what 's in his heart .
Ben Affleck has managed to sidestep the curse that can dog a sophomore directing effort with The Town , which is in many ways a superior movie to 2007 's Gone Baby Gone .
The Town marks spotty-careered actor Ben Affleck 's second time directing -- and with this deft crime drama , he more than proves that he deserves to sit behind the camera .
Affleck may have suffered a good decade at the ass end of a Matt Damon joke , but between this and Gone Baby Gone , he 's proven himself to be a very capable director .
A fast-paced , character-driven heist movie that combines robberies with romance and solidifies Affleck 's reputation as an actor with a genuine gift for directing .
The Town is a thrilling actioner , but deeply personal and moving as well . Ben Affleck takes a giant leap forward as an artist with this film .
As an action movie , The Town is good . But as a moody character study , it can be mesmerizing .
Affleck 's affectations -- facial stubble , Southie patois and more tattoos than a Russian mobster -- are on the money .
Affleck works the familiar turf of a cops-and-robbers thriller but populates it with characters who come convincingly , and often creepily , to life .
Ben Affleck 's ceiling as a filmmaker could be considerably higher than anyone expected .
Affleck does it again . Great movie !
Because of some sentimental backspin , Affleck does n't quite hit it out of the park , but he may provoke the green monster of envy in lesser directors .
Affleck uses his cast , which also includes a tarted-up Blake Lively as Renner 's sister and Affleck 's former flame , exceedingly well , especially given that the actors often are n't given much to work with .
Affleck should become Boston 's resident director because nobody does it better .
Compelling , complex , and crackling with suspense , Affleck 's sophomore effort is every bit as good as his first foray into feature filmmaking .
Affleck , let 's not forget , is an Oscar-winning screenwriter . He knows how to spot and frame a good line , and The Town is full of them .
Affleck is affecting as the quiet-spoken , conflicted tough guy , but it 's in his scenes with Hall that he catches your breath .
If this is -LSB- Ben -RSB- Affleck in competition with himself , his work as director wins hands down .
Ben Affleck , 38 , kicks it up a notch with The Town , a gripping human drama disguised as a blazing heist film that comes on like gangbusters .
` The Town ' holds its own with crisp , ferocious dialogue and a disquieting aura of danger , most palpable when Jeremy Renner is on screen .
Does n't match Affleck 's first film , ` Gone Baby Gone , ' in emotional depth or impact . But as an old-school movie about an old-school culture , it 's pretty good .
No one knows Boston better than Ben Affleck , and there 's lots of robbin ' in the hood in this solid , suspense-filled thriller .
These burly nuns with guns intent on scaring tellers into submission with their freaky fashion sense , are less Bonnie and Clyde than the Addams family . Though Affleck had sense to step aside and let Renner flaunt homicidal relish , with shades of Cagney .
There 's a decent movie in The Town , though this adaptation of the Chuck Hogan novel Prince of Thieves stretches out to a misjudged 130 minutes .
Here is a well-made crime procedural , and audiences are likely to enjoy it at that level , but perhaps the mechanics of movie crime got in the way of Affleck 's higher ambitions .
The makers of Takers will watch the impressive , exciting `` The Town '' and say , ` So that 's how it 's done . '
Affleck shows this is how you f_ck_n ' direct a movie .
... one of the best films out of Hollywood this year and Ben Affleck has become a filmmaker of note .
Affleck , as actor-auteur , delivers a finely balanced drama on sensitive individualism within a criminal culture .
What makes the movie work is n't so much the plotting as it is Affleck 's facility with character and setting .
In terms of character and plot , The Town does n't challenge conventionality . Where it excels is in sustaining mood , and this has a lot to do with the performances .
It 's a measured , strong performance , certainly one of Affleck 's best . Perhaps he can credit his director .
The Town is nearly as ludicrous as -LSB- Affleck 's -RSB- debut Gone Baby Gone -- another poison pen letter to Beantown .
Affleck gives such a confident , authentic performance - both in front of and behind the camera - that the crime genre 's familiar tropes take on a lively , at times electric quality .
It 's a turbulent story explored with a steady hand , launching Affleck to the upper echelon of American filmmaking talent . It 's a tense , terse , specialized triumph .
Affleck also has a way with his actors -- unsurprising , having been one himself for so long and not always getting the credit he deserves -- and he 's once again attracted some tremendous talent
In `` The Town , '' Affleck 's adaptation of Chuck Hogan 's Hammett Prize-winning 2004 novel `` Prince of Thieves , '' Affleck skips another junk-movie paycheck to make a film closer to his heart and his hometown .
Affleck ... could do for Boston what Martin Scorsese did for New York in the 1970s ... -LSB- F -RSB- resh and exciting and deeply suspenseful and wholly beguiling . There is n't a single misstep in this film .
There 's more than a few things off in this tale of a disillusioned professional thief -LRB- Affleck , dull -RRB- , his unlikely inamorata -LRB- Hall , wasted -RRB- and the determined FBI agent -LRB- Hamm , solid -RRB- out to apprehend him .
If Affleck 's doing a riff on the sexy , doom-laden antiheroes of '40s film noir , Renner 's doing straight-up Cagney , and he 's the most watchable thing in the movie .
It misses on the big emotional gut-punch -- but it 's good enough at least that you wish it was better .
Affleck the movie director makes you truly , badly want his bunch of ne'er - do-wells to pull off their heists without a scratch , and you ca n't ask for much more than that .
Affleck 's redemption . He emerges as a strong director with a vision . Let 's hope he does n't miss being a fawned-over movie star and goes right back to romantic comedy leading man roles .
Is n't quite as strong as Gone Baby Gone but it 's still a solid sophomore effort with the heist sequences being well worth the price of admission .
Proves GONE BABY GONE was no fluke , and also that Affleck 's rebirth works IN FRONT of the camera too .
Smart , sleek and undeniably entertaining , Ben Affleck 's sophomore directorial effort proves he 's the real deal .
Smart , sleek and undeniably entertaining , Ben Affleck 's sophomore directorial effort proves he 's the real deal .
Everyone in The Town shines , even Blake Lively , but it 's Chris Cooper as MacRay 's imprisoned dad who astounds .
-LRB- VIDEO -RRB- Ben Affleck has so thoroughly reinvented himself as an actor that it 's tempting to take for granted his commendable skills as a director even after his notable debut with `` Gone Baby Gone '' -LRB- 2007 -RRB- .
A fatuous star vehicle that leaves little doubt about who gets the most soulful close-ups .
A riveting and explosive crime thriller and one of the year 's best pictures .
A rich , dark , pulpy mess of entanglements that fulfills all the requirements of the genre , and is told with an ease and gusto that make the pulp tasty .
Affleck 's directing outshines the writing he did with Peter Craig and Aaron Stockard , but there 's a lot to like here .
Acts so big and tough that it soon grows faintly ludicrous .
The Town is part of a career turnaround so amazing that he looks like the new Clint Eastwood . Seriously .
In his second work , Ben Affleck acquits himself more honorably as helmer than co-writer , showing greater facility with visuals and tempo , but , alas , what begins as crime-policier steeped in particular locale increasingly gets more generic and conventional
Affleck knows that a large chunk of romance leavens any tough thriller but also that the best thrillers have pace and a real sense of atmosphere .
Steeped in an authentic sense of place , this crime drama is less convincing on the storytelling front .
Affleck delivers another potent , serious-minded slice of pulp set on Boston 's meanest streets , where loyalty among thieves runs thicker than blood .

@highlight

Tense , smartly written , and wonderfully cast , The Town proves that Ben Affleck has rediscovered his muse -- and that he 's a director to be reckoned with .