This low-key supernatural thriller , illogical as it is , offers a brief respite from the gruelling Saws and Hostels of the world .
Built from spare parts left over by American remakes of Japanese copies of `` Ringu '' , `` The Return '' is at least two steps removed from the first generation copy .
A bland affair with a few clever twists here and there .
Too polished to be truly creepy , The Return has more than enough atmosphere to keep you watching - but nowhere near enough mystery .
The Return is a slow burn that 's often way too slow , feeling stretched to meet a running time that 's still under 90 minutes .
a low point in the on-going battle to scare U.S. teens from their allowances
Austerely directed but shamelessly dry , uneventful and derivative .
-LSB- The Return -RSB- is n't creepy enough to really work properly and there 's an over-reliance on sudden soundtrack noises in place of actual scares .
It proves what many people have been suspecting for a while now : SMG is a scream queen for audiences who do n't like horror movies .
Adam Sussman 's script is so thin you can see right through it .
She gulps a hell of a lot , her cardigan sleeves are pulled down over her hands and her forehead 's slightly furrowed -LRB- not too much , mind , it could make her look old -RRB- . It can only mean one thing : Sarah Michelle Gellar is acting .
If you are expecting anything new or profound to be added to the Rocky recipe then guess again - there is nothing fresh or original here , simply a wellconstructed and engagingly-performed film that will tick all the right boxes for Rocky fans .
It 's gripping stuff and deeply enjoyable .
A large step backwards for a promising director and far from the return we 'd been hoping for .
full review in Greek
... merely a good ending in search of a proper build-up .
-LSB- The Return is -RSB- more haunting than it has any right to be , thanks to its love of long , lonesome highways and the way the violence of the past bleeds into the present .
Why is Sam Shepard in this movie ?
Mellow -- nay , snoozy -- atmospherics trump actual scares , and it makes almost zero sense .
As a superb example of a filmmaker more than making the most of his material , it 's a fascinating experience , even though that material is wanting .
`` The Return '' is a slow-going ghost story that takes a long time to say `` Boo ! ''
A film so formless and pointless that you may find yourself wondering who the target audience was supposed to be .
An entirely internalized portrait of a character without a clear interior .
Even with a brief 85-minute running time , The Return feels padded , which is odd considering how little we 're told about the characters or the central mystery .
This murky psychological horror effort is not likely to inspire a return .
Driven by imagery rather than dialogue , rising tension rather than action , The Return depends on the actress ' ability to convey plot development through subtle changes in expression rather than the kick-boxing moves for which she 's become known .
Time-killer chiller reps an undistinguished U.S. debut for U.K. helmer Asif Kapadia , though the undernourished script may be most at fault .
As B-level suspensers go , though , The Return is n't actively awful -- just slow and cursed with a lead who acts with her T-shirt .
The Return universally fails to establish any sense of reality , which makes it hard to register when Joanna 's world starts falling apart .
The horror movie workhorse Sarah Michelle Gellar is back to chill us with The Return , a rote thriller with an intriguingly frenetic shooting style .
The Return is routine in its depiction of a waifish young woman surrounded by men with predatory qualities . It 's sad to see Buffy so disempowered .
Gellar , who is n't bad with comedy , ca n't do drama , even in the chocolate-colored hair she wears this time .
Since Adam Sussman 's script is as lazy as Asif Kapadia 's direction is disjointed , nothing ever makes sense , even after the anticlimatic explanation is revealed . Not even Gellar can work up any interest in Joanna 's fate .
The Return is n't the worst movie of the year -- or even in the top 10 . But it 's hard to imagine anyone seeing this movie and thinking they got their money 's worth .
Many elements of The Return are quite sophisticated as past and present converge and Joanna 's pursuer catches her scent . It 's too bad that the plot takes us into irrationality , past the point of no return .
Gellar 's thousand-yard stare and somnambulant screen presence have become a serious drag .
Director Asif Kapadia has a penchant for overused neo-horror film conventions -LRB- he 's in love with harshly lit dream sequences that look like the video scenes in The Ring -RRB- .
A bleak , listless horror film that hews so closely in plot and tone to Gellar 's The Grudge that it might as well be a sequel
Director Asif Kapadia and screenwriter Adam Sussman reach into the grab bag of horror movie clichés and pull out fistfuls for The Return .
Sarah Michelle Gellar may have ditched the Grudge franchise , but her predilection for illogical horror continues with The Return .
Asif Kapadia 's The Return is a visually sumptuous but emotionally stillborn thriller that may be a bit too modest for its own good .
Hopelessly convoluted and vague .
I 've not witnessed a more torturously boring , convoluted , and eye-wateringly moronic chiller this year .
A halfway decent editor could easily chop this down to 30 minutes without losing any plot points , but it would still be a tedious slog .
Sarah Michelle Gellar battled countless monsters as Buffy the Vampire Slayer . Her biggest challenge in The Return is to keep from yawning .
Although it 's being advertised as a horror movie , The Return actually invents a new genre : the bore-or movie .
The Return does n't have enough scares to be a good thriller , and it does n't have the depth to work on an arty level . This is n't a bad movie ; it 's just painfully thin .
It 's just a slow slog to a payoff that is n't worth the effort .
A simple ghost story that is , for all its faults , elegantly told , and compellingly acted .
A spiffy , satisfyingly old-fashioned thriller with supernatural overtones that hangs together and , at barely eighty minutes , does n't overstay its welcome .






@highlight

Unoriginality may be an acceptable risk in the Horror genre , but boredom is never okay .