The director competently elucidates us about how hard it is , in certain cases , to forgive and forget .
Is there anything more gratifying than a sweepingly downcast story told in a uniquely exhilarating manner ?
Tadanobu Asano , who plays the ex-con , has rarely been better , and Kanji Furutachi and Mariko Tsutsui are heartbreaking as the husband and wife .
The spare , humanist influence of Ozu is plain to see here , but Fukada 's tone is all his own , simultaneously shot through with violence and compassion .
Harmonium is a borderline-unbearable bummer , but it 's also quietly captivating , with evocative framing and excellent performances .
His film may be a bit too obviously constructed as it hurtles towards its ambiguous close , but there is no denying the power and remove with which he realizes it .
It makes for a uniquely churning mix of detective story and recovery drama before it throws another wrenching reveal into the works .
Harmonium wavers between elegantly composed long shots and flights of magic-realistic fancy . It 's a tightly controlled storytelling gambit that pays off .
It shocks us long after we walk out of the theater , not with the short-lived scare of a jump cut or grisly image , but with something darker that lives quietly in the unexamined places of the soul .
Fukada never resorts to melodramatics , and instead allows the carefully calibrated performances to give the movie its disquieting power .
If you treat Harmonium like a mood piece , and respond to it on that level , you 'll find yourself thinking about it long after you watch it .
This chilly tale of violent secrets and unvoiced misery relies heavily on the skill of actors who seem to know that one false move could tip the whole enterprise into comedy .
By its unforgiving conclusion , Harmonium has plunged headlong into tragedy , but not quite in the way you might imagine .
Just as in the best old-school , Cain-style noir , Fukada 's film is eloquent about the fragile privileges of modern urban life and the hidden lies it can be built upon .
Throughout Harmonium , writer-director Kôji Fukada works in a rapt and lucid hyper-textural style that suggests a merging of the sensibilities of Alfred Hitchcock and Yasujirô Ozu .
The softness and straightness of the performances obscure the monstrous melodrama underneath .
Harmonium sees Japanese writer-director Koji Fukada flex his Hitchcock muscle to rather brilliant effect for the delicious first 90 minutes .
Rather than employ Harmonium 's setup for humorous or bittersweet insights , Fukada distills the conceit into his most harrowing , tragic parable to date .
Tsutsui 's tightly coiled performance is particularly compelling , a fury burning beneath her wearied , accommodating exterior .
Harmonium builds uneasiness masterfully , and midway through a shocking act changes the film 's direction entirely .
A quietly tense examination of a family in slow freefall .
The performances are chillingly restrained , as is Fukada 's forensic direction - his use of natural light makes the sombre wood-panelled interiors feel all the more oppressive as the jarring cacophony of the harmonium echoes all around .
The answers take their time to arrive but the result is an absorbing thriller .
Fukada contrasts understated realism with haunting , dreamlike images . Unsettling and morally complex .
Well worth watching for those with the stomach for a cold , bitter , intoxicating deep drink of bleak .
A deeply affecting narrative of guilt , consequence and failed redemption .
A compelling but relentlessly downbeat Japanese melodrama .
Showing tremendous assurance , writer-director Kôji Fukada deploys an attention-grabbing narrative structure that involves a daring leap part-way through .
Fukada 's film sidesteps easy catharsis to stage a serious , and quite emotionally intense , inquiry into the unknown shades of human nature .
With strong performances from Tsutsui and Asano , impressive work from young Shinokawa and a sweetly judged turn from Taiga as a young man who gets caught up in the unfolding drama through an accident of fate , this is a beautifully crafted film .
Unlike the many family dramas here that color even their ostensible bad guys in shades of gray , Harmonium goes straight to the heart of evil , which is stronger than Fumie 's uncertain version of Christian love .
Harmonium is stately-paced as it toys with unspoken truths and explores the cracks that form in a family after the arrival of an old acquaintance , but it 's also expertly calibrated to reflect emotional realities .
A slow first hour builds to a deeply involving and uncannily affecting second half in ... Fukada 's chilly and chilling examination of familial guilt .
While the first hour slyly builds up the illusions of a man and his wife using the stranger as a catalyst for their weaknesses , in the second half their guilt and lies come home to roost with a shock . It 's hard not to leave the film shaken .
A quietly combustible tale of punishment and crime set in motion when a family lets a mysterious man move in with them , `` Harmonium '' makes the viewer question neat causal equations of sin , retribution , and atonement .

@highlight

Harmonium 's simple setup lays brilliantly effective groundwork for a well-constructed , powerfully acted look at truth and consequences .