A collage of bad moods , wisdom and black humor , which does not fully encompass its protagonist . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It helps that Zappa is an articulate , witty interview -- indeed , some might find it a more rewarding experience to watch him being interviewed on late night US TV shows than listen to his music . Of that , there is plenty .
There are areas of interest , such as his work with `` outsider '' artists like Wild Man Fisher , that are apparently unmentioned because no one ever asked him about them . If you 're a fan , though , it 's a must see .
The hardest part of this good documentary is watching Zappa , who defined music like no one else , facing the prostate cancer that ultimately took his in life 1993 .
I was n't a huge Frank Zappa fan going into the movie , but I 'm sad to say , I was a little less of one coming out of it .
See Eat That Question and get to know Frank Zappa .
The movie is the puzzle of a hardworking and even morose figure , drawn irresistibly to silliness .
Even those who are too young to remember Zappa 's work may be drawn in by his iconic rebel status .
Zappa and his music may rarely have been fashionable , but this documentary provides a valuable and permanent record of the man himself ; his musical canon can be enjoyed elsewhere .
An interesting French documentary about Zappa , that truly captures his essence . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In a perfect world , `` Zappa in his own words '' would really mean nothing but his music and lyrics , which is where he would be truly himself - but this is nonetheless a thoroughly entertaining watch .
... well stitched together , giving us the flavor of Zappa 's times as well as his life .
Any true Zappa fan will eat this stuff up . For novices it may open up the universe .
Even hardcore Zappa enthusiasts might be surprised by what they learn about this certified musical genius .
A must for Zappa fans -- and a maybe for those curious about the phenomenon that was the acerbic , iconoclastic , cynical and always outspoken experimental musician .
Hungry freaks daddy ! It is Frank in the flesh , nothing more , nothing less .
In the film , as was probably true in life , Zappa gets the first and last word .
Eat That Question does at least have the alternative punkish spirit to feel definitive even if so much is clearly left unsaid .
Eat That Question : Frank Zappa in His Own Words is a riff on the creative process .
Eat That Question is more insightful than illuminating , but that 's what makes it such a fitting tribute to Frank Zappa 's eccentric genius .
Schütte 's portrait of an avant-garde icon and iconoclast comprises concert footage and interviews over the years , including one by a state trooper , in which Zappa provides irreverent , articulate , deadpan answers to all questions .
The interviews tell the story better than anyone else possibly could have .
When son Dweezil was born , Zappa filled in the spot for `` religion '' on the birth certificate with `` musician . '' `` Eat That Question '' shows how true that was .
Many of the interviews play like conversational grindcore - truculence branded with a scowl and an iconic mustache , soul patch and stringy black hair . It 's a good show for everyone .
He was a troublemaker , and a visionary . Sometimes Frank Zappa 's sneer made me angry . But his challenges made me better . He made a lot of us better .
... provides a fresh perspective for a new generation on an innovative entertainer whose stance on artistic freedom still resonates today .
Eat That Question , which was produced in association with the Zappa Family Trust , asks no interesting questions and omits as much as possible anything negative about Zappa .
`` Eat That Question '' may be of most interest to Zappa fans , but newcomers to the man and his music may also find it well worth a look .
Covers only a portion of the man 's Zappa-ness . But it 's an entertaining start . ''
Admittedly selective -LSB- but -RSB- the parts of Zappa 's life that it includes provide fascinating insight into a complex man and a complicated artist .
It 's a good reminder , or introduction , for a multi-talent like no other .
Trying to communicate the essence of musician Frank Zappa and his body of work in words is futile , even when the words are his own .
You do n't have to be a fan of Frank Zappa 's music to enjoy `` Eat That Question : Frank Zappa in HIs Own Words , '' Thorsten Schutte 's documentary .
... Zappa was an instinctive , unrepentant iconoclast ...
From the evidence of Thorsten Schütte 's found-footage documentary ... Zappa saw the interview as sometime endurance test , sometime amusement , and all-the-time chess match he could never lose , played as it was against lesser lights .
The film can be frustrating for those who need a bit of context , but does n't add anything new for the experts either .
Although there is some nice performance footage , the film is n't a good way for a beginner to get a grip on Zappa 's music , which spans from proto-punk to classical . It is a nice journey through Zappa 's mind for the already converted .
Eat That Question , a fascinating and compelling dive into an artist 's uniquely ticking parts , gives voice to a complex dude and broadens the picture .
Zappa was never at a loss for words .
There 's no small irony in a Frank Zappa doc being built around the man 's interviews , since he regarded journalism as a form of torture .
As the title suggests , this is Zappa in his own words . And because he was so articulate , and so witty , Eat That Question is a highly entertaining voyage that also reframes Zappa as a pop culture figure .
Consisting entirely of Frank Zappa interviews and performances culled from three decades of footage , Eat That Question has an almost symphonic flow .
In interview after interview , Zappa is iconoclastic , articulate and hilarious , debunking myths about drug use , refusing to align himself with any ideology and critiquing American materialism .
Frank Zappa was an innovative composer and musician , but as this royally entertaining documentary illustrates , he was also an articulate and opinionated man , high-minded and mordantly funny .
Frank Zappa has always been an acquired taste , and Thorsten Schütte 's otherwise terrific documentary Eat That Question : Frank Zappa in His Own Words may not be the best place for a neophyte to start .
Amusing and even edifying , although it is also unlikely to make converts out of those who just do n't get Zappa 's pastiche of juvenile parody and sophisticated songwriting , derived from rock , jazz and 20th-century experimental music .
`` Eat That Question '' will please Zappa fans , but it 's not just for fans only . It serves as a great introduction to an important artist who was ahead of his time .
Zappa 's fans and true believers will already be familiar with many of these clips , so the most Eat That Question can offer is fresh context . The fact that it seems to actively avoid contextualizing , then , is a problem .
You do n't have to like Kappa 's music , or even know anything about it , to get something out of this informative film which includes caustic comments about virtually everything , government , religion , the music industry , American culture , and more .
His rock music gets a decent airing , but you wish more of the man 's perversity came through : his intimidating ego , the way he could exhaust his bandmates .
Eat That Question is a fitting title for a movie that never quite gets at the mystery of Zappa 's contradictions , even as it stacks up intimate live clips and fierce monologues from a rich trove of vintage interviews .
The movie put me on a major Zappa listening jag ... which makes it sound like a fan-only proposition . It kind of might be , but I hope it is n't .
Seeing Mr. Schütte 's film , I 'm reminded of how much more there was to explain about Zappa , and delighted to find how well the film explains it almost a quarter-century after his death .
Along the way , we are given an overview of Zappa 's career , from his early albums with the Mothers of Invention through his not particularly accessible classical compositions .
Along the way , we learn some things that may be surprising .
Zappa made for a good celebrity if a rotten musician , and his takes on language and fame keep this doc sprightly and engaging .
There 's no explicit attempt to put forth a Grand Unifying Theory of Zappa ; Schütte immerses us in the competing aspects of Zappa 's public persona for their own sake . The results are fascinating .
Even rock neophytes will be drawn to this boisterous look at a prodigiously talented musician and composer .
For all its faults and frustrations , this documentary is always a vivid portrait of a man who considered himself a working musician , just trying to support a family with his creativity .
By giving us Zappa In His Own Words , Schütte has done a service to the man 's legacy and provided a highly entertaining film at the same time . Eat that , naysayers .
Thorsten Schüette 's ` Eat That Question : Frank Zappa in His Own Words ' will , one hopes , restore Zappa to his rightful place in music history .
A riveting retrospective plumbing the depths of the brilliant mind of a bona fide Renaissance man underappreciated in his own time .
A compelling gateway documentary that should absorb both fans and novices alike .
It presents a captivating portrait of one of the era 's greatest defenders of artistic freedom and a true American original .
A laugh-out-loud celebration built on his decades of often hilarious TV interviews , Congressional hearings and public appearances .
It 's a perfectly fine first step into Zappa 's world of highly controlled insanity .
Eat That Question : Frank Zappa In His Own Words pulls together interview , concert and behind-the-scenes footage to commemorate one of the rock era 's most idiosyncratic star musicians .
Zappa 's prickly demeanor is on full display , and it 's to Schütte 's credit that he finds what Zappa does n't say as illuminating as what he does .
Okay , so if you are n't a Zappa fan -- and that means most people -- I can see you rolling your eyes like my wife . But maybe this documentary changes that a bit .

@highlight

Eat That Question : Frank Zappa in His Own Words offers an illuminating primer for Zappa novices as well as an entertaining retrospective for diehard fans .