The high-energy feature captures much of the spirit of the original , especially in the two leads -- Henry Cavill as Solo and Armie Hammer as Kuryakin ...
How desperately , crashingly bored and short of ideas Ritchie must be to write an entire scene about Paco Rabanne . The results are curiously sexless .
The good news is that Guy Ritchie injects the film with enough ingenuity so as not to insult his viewers ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Fans of the original show will probably get more mileage even though this is probably nothing like it barring the actual characters
It 's actually quite remarkable just how entertaining and compelling The Man from U.N.C.L.E. remains for much of its running time ...
Where the TV show 's Robert Vaughn and David McCallum enjoyed an effortlessly bickering , bantering rapport , Cavill and Armie Hammer 's Kuryakin look as if they 've just been crated to the set by FedEx and have never met before .
The acting , the humour , the script ... this is a film that falls miserably short right across the board .
Too bad that U.N.C.L.E. ca n't even muster enough thrills for a final life-jolting pop . Instead , Ritchie and the movie strike a pose and leave us waiting and wanting .
Much of the action in UNCLE is rendered incoherent by Ritchie 's chop-shop action direction . Ritchie has a distinctive style , but like Zack Snyder and Michael Bay he has a tendency to overplay his talents .
The Man From U.N.C.L.E. is thrilling in a way few action movies are , and certainly far more thrilling than anything Ritchie has directed up until this point .
Guy Ritchie should moonlight as a fashion stylist .
What ought to pop and fizz simply plops along . If Mr. Ritchie was aiming for sleekness and suavity , what he ends up with is a stagnant muddle .
This is a summer popcorn movie , certainly , but an expertly crafted one , full of thrills and big laughs .
Though the buddy cop aesthetic is old hat , Cavil and Hammer keep the film afloat ...
I enjoyed The Man from U.N.C.L.E well enough , and I suspect you will , too .
It all ends up sounding a bit like The Matrix 's Agent Smith doing Roger Moore doing James Bond .
Henry Cavill and Armie Hammer are fine . They 're FINE . They 're maddeningly , generically fine .
The plot is disposable at best ... but -LSB- Guy -RSB- Ritchie goes all out in reviving the Cold War sixties spy movie style and attitude , recalling Connery 's Bond movie with tongue firmly in cheek .
This becomes a film feels like a cover version of a cover version . One that neither sends up old spy cinema nor adds much to it with its trans-Euro express of a plot .
A gigantic leap forward for the mannequin acting community .
Sophisticated and slick , Ritchie 's film is far more appealing than his take on Sherlock . ... The dialogue is crisp and as elegant as the film 's fashions , production design and Italian locations .
The Man From U.N.C.L.E. is Ritchie 's first film in almost four years and if he is ever to be considered an auteur , which his initial rise promised , he needs to do something spectacular and soon .
The Man Fr om U.N.C.L.E. is pulpy and fluffy , but knows it is , and never sacrifices its joie de vivre . I 'd like to see this cast together again - it 'd probably be a lot of fun .
Positively in love with the deep-down roots of the genre and the era that spawned them .
Ritchie and company have turned The Man from U.N.C.L.E. into a highly entertaining , immeasurably stylish , and thoroughly enjoyable movie .
Slick , sexy and stylish ... U.N.C.L.E. is A-O.K.
With significant performance and plotting issues , the film ends up being about as fun as you could expect and just a little bit more .
There 's a bit of a plot twist but it has little impact because by the time it arrives , you just do n't care about the characters . Instead , we have to settle for a few clever lines of dialogue , a lovely aesthetic and moderate entertainment value ,
The movie is packed with action , wit and charm , with director Ritchie sticking to the roots of the original 60s series .
The Man From U.N.C.L.E. is not the action movie of the summer -- but it 's the one I enjoyed the most .
The Man from U.N.C.L.E. is tongue in cheek . But still , it 's slow going . For a Guy Ritchie movie , that may be the saddest thing to say .
The re-invention might have been better as straight-up thriller . More story and less comedy fails would have helped .
The main problem with The Man From U.N.C.L.E. is its tone . We ca n't take this stuff seriously , yet Ritchie misses all sorts of opportunities to make the movie fun . The result is n't particularly satisfying as either adventure or comedy .
Guy Ritchie 's The Man from U.N.C.L.E. is a massive disappointment that flat-out ignores the television show on which is was supposed to be based , replacing the fun and camp of the original with a generic and lazily-written actioner .
It 's partly second-rate Bond and partly second-rate Mission Impossible : something to fill the time during the long months before the fall movie season .
The Man from U.N.C.L.E has some flaws , a dash of predictability and some questionable plot turns ; but everyone involved brims with how much they 're having .
Adopting a deliciously groovy vibe , Guy Ritchie turns the iconic 1960s TV spy series into a flashy action-comedy .
Henry Cavill and Armie Hammer trade in the same kind of faux-clever one-upsmanship that Holmes and Watson do , with similarly weak dialogue but barely a quarter of the charm .
I do n't know if anyone was clamoring for a movie version of the '60s TV show but it 's surprisingly entertaining sandbox for director Guy Ritchie to play in .
The movie offers nothing new ; I think I 'll stick with the original TV series . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Long on frothiness and light on plot , this is the swinging 1960s as imagined by people who see it as non-stop fun , punctuated by the threat of nuclear war .
The Man from U.N.C.L.E. fulfills its mission to entertain . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a brisk , smart , fun action comedy that takes the premise of the 1964-68 TV series , replaces the dated campiness with effortless cool , and dresses it in slick '60s period detail that makes Mad Men look amateurish in comparison .
Probably one of the best blockbusters of the year .
This is a spectacle worth seeing . Ritchie and his team bring the visual vibe of the 1960s in a beautiful way . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This U.N.C.L.E is effortlessly cool .
The Man from U.N.C.L.E has style to spare , especially when Ritchie matches the richly textured images with perfectly selected music tracks , but substance proves to be more elusive than the nuclear whatsit .
One actually misses the sizzle that Robert Downey Jr and Jude Law share in the same director 's Sherlock Holmes .
Great chemistry between its leads and respectable action scenes make this a fun homage to the cold war spy movies . The girls steal the spotlight in this one . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A good spy movie that does n't dissapoint . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With great action sequences and unbeleivable chemistry between it 's two leads , the movie is everything a spy film should be . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Faithful to the spirit of the original series . A sensational film with an impecable production . Hopefully the beginning of a saga . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Maybe the lowest point on Hollywood 's spy fever this year ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An entertainig , over the top movie that never drags too long . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A three-quarters full movie , it has all the right components , but it does n't quite use them in the most effective way .
After racing out of the Brandenburg Gate , Ritchie bottles up all the period-flavour with no fizz ; there 's no real pop here to go along with the cool '60s culture . Not that the story 's much more than B-rate bond . After two hours of this , you 'll cry uncle .
Henry Cavill and Armie Hammer barely work up a sweat .
A straight-forward action film that owes its look to James Bond .
A slickly executed , hyper stylish mix of action and comedy that seduces by virtue of its visual appeal .
It 's got style and charm , baby , not to mention buckets of liquid eyeliner and an old-fashioned Wartburg car chase .
This movie , based on the 1960s TV show is slickly done , supported by a solid cast , but the screenplay is a bit muddled . Once it gets free of the opening mire , it works well enough .
Guy Ritchie 's grinning at us the whole time , and for once it feels good to grin right back .
A deliciously old-fashioned romp brimming with retro chic , and with a champagne cocktail 's effervescent fizz .
... showcases plenty of visual flair but not much substance beneath the spectacle , turning into a buddy comedy of sorts with little of the sociopolitical texture that the Cold War setting might warrant .
Guy RItchie 's in-your-face directorial style serves this blast from the past well but it is the cool and funny chemistry between Henry Cavill and Armie Hammer that makes this a nice tribute to the 60 's classic spy series .
U.N.C.L.E. is much more fun than we expected .
The result is a stylishly pleasant surprise , a tongue-in-cheek pastiche of '60s spy movies just as the series itself was a pastiche of the Sean Connery James Bond movies .
U.N.C.L.E. has fun playing with Cold War tropes in the decadent playground of 1960s Europe .
There is certainly some entertainment value to be had here , but a movie that lacks earnestness has a licence to be fun ; Ritchie never once properly takes that chance .
... bland enough to be received by a global audience , but probably a touch too slick to gain any real purchase on the collective imagination .
Though The Man From U.N.C.L.E. lacks the wit of Kingsman and the spectacle of M : I-Rogue Nation , it nonetheless sits comfortably alongside its spy movie siblings .
The Man From U.N.C.L.E. excels at these moments : character-based comedy executed with lightness of touch , capable of extracting laughs without mocking the film 's internal realities .
It 's a little calmer than most Guy Ritchie movies , but it 's just right for the material . Terrific to look at , brisk , stylish , funny -LRB- but just serious enough -RRB- and beautifully cast .
Aside from Vikander the period playfulness falls short .
The superb craftsmanship on display only makes the film 's shortcomings more frustrating , though ; it 's one of the best-looking boring movies ever made .
Despite the fact that it seems to have been designed for a sequel , it 's hard to summon up any enthusiasm for the prospect . The characters do n't seem to , after all .
Exactly no one was asking for this . So it 's a surprise to discover that the bar for this movie is low enough to conga under .
Super-snazzy and elaborately retro-looking without generating any real excitement , and features irksome stars who seem puzzled as to what the heck 's going on .
Slick and stylish , ` The Man From U.N.C.L.E. ' is n't quite like the TV series , but it does have a 1960s atmosphere .
Style wins out over substance in Guy Ritchie 's playful reimagining of the popular '60s TV show .
A celebration of the '60s , pop culture and Bond films . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As for Cavill , let us just say that the line between phlegmatic suavity and downright dullness is rather more easily breached than the Berlin Wall .
A mirthless period spy caper that fails to fulfil Ritchie 's stated aim to make espionage movies sexy , fun and frivolous again .
Though overly long , it is an affectionate , uber-stylish and entertaining production that salutes U.N.C.L.E.
-LRB- ` The Man from U.N.C.L.E ' -RRB- is breezy , it 's entertaining and it even manages to feel fresh as it treads the most well-worn of territory .
Dressed up to the nines like an expensively retro aftershave ad , Ritchie 's film is laboriously insouciant - and no amount of funky drumming and lounge Braziliana on the soundtrack can make it spark .
A worthwhile endeavor , with Ritchie toning down the spastic shooting style that all but destroyed his Sherlock Holmes films with Robert Downey Jr. .
Nothing cerebral but nothing to make you cry uncle either . Fun fluff and the throwback to the 60s is a nice touch . Too bad you never quite believe you 're there .
Based on the mid '60s NBC-TV show , it 's fashionable , yet forced - and the fun has gone missing .
There 's a stylish charm eagerly at work . Whether that 's enough to sustain the equivalent of a James Bond tribute band is debatable , given how wan the rest of the well-meaning enterprise is when it comes to storytelling and starpower .
Funny , stylish and knowingly preposterous , this Sixties-set adventure is just a safari suit away from a Roger Moore era Bond movie .
It 's breezy and elegant - so breezily elegant it can make you laugh out loud from frame to frame .
While The Man from U.N.C.L.E. is easily one of the best looking films of the year , it seems very similar to dating a supermodel : equally gorgeous and vapid .
... the chemistry between bumbling Hammer and Cavill is akin to that between wood and stone ... What is Alicia Vikander , the best actress extant , doing in this junk ? Her character is little more than a McGuffin . She should n't be slumming like this .
So if you think you 'd enjoy some third-rate James-Bondian comic blandness sparkled up by some enjoyable 60s outfits by Joanna Johnston , you just might have a real treat this weekend .
Hoping the pounding 60 's soundtrack will jar the audience into enjoyment , this yarn evaporates into TV fluff .
`` U.N.C.L.E. '' must have seemed tailor-made for Ritchie 's peculiar talents . -LRB- I think I 'm going to be using the word `` peculiar '' a lot when describing this film . -RRB-
Like its slick trailer , The Man from U.N.C.L.E. is handsome and inviting , but its rewards are brief and unsatisfying .
Sleek , seductive and equally dedicated to horseplay and gunplay , The Man From U.N.C.L.E. may not be deep , but its shallowness contains vast pleasures .
In a quintessential guy flick , Ritchie and co-writer Lionel Wigram have injected some serious girl power .
This is one of those rare instances when a sequel would n't just be warranted - it would be welcomed .
-LSB- They -RSB- got it exactly right , introducing the characters to moviegoers who may have never heard of them while not insulting the memories of those who have .
It proves a perfectly pleasant way of wasting two hours .
Though viewers will find familiar story beats and characters in The Man from U.N.C.L.E. , Ritchie succeeds in creating a fun love-letter to 1960s spy fandom .
Guy Ritchie 's spy-themed GQ fashion shoot . Pure popcorn nonsense , sleek and chic and vaguely funny , but instantly forgettable .
Just in case Tom Cruise and Daniel Craig are n't your cup of super spy tea , The Man from U.N.C.L.E. arrives this weekend on a wave of style that will make you wish it were 1963 all over again .
While it looks good - Ritchie has always been a slick visual stylist - it 's ultimately as passive as an old rerun .
This clearly is n't a film by or for U.N.C.L.E. nerds and while that 's frustrating from the perspective of an overly possessive fan , it 's understandable when you remove that bias .
As a late-summer aperitif - suavely assembled , chilled and tinted by the sunset - this jaunty nonsense slips down smoothly enough .
An entertaining and refreshingly old-fashioned adaptation of the espionage drama that ran from 1964 to '68 and made stars of Robert Vaughn and David McCallum .
Henry Cavill and Armie Hammer are great in this , and great together .
There are hints of a fun , engaging movie here , but I could n't help but wonder what it would have been like if it was George Clooney 's scowl and charm wrapped up in Solo 's suit .
Slick and stylized , retro spy adventure is loads of fun .
` The Man from U.N.C.L.E ' is an ultra-stylish throwback to the spy genre of the sixties and the perfect way to cap off summer .
Fun , but miscast Solo and Kuryakin are a problem . Worth it just for Alicia Vikander 's wardrobe .
If you 're looking for two hours of pure adventure and laughs , The Man From U.N.C.L.E. delivers .
There 's still time this summer for another adaptation of a 1960s TV spy series . Generating the same amount of thrills , however , proves to be a true mission impossible .
There 's no weight to any of this stuff , but it has enough fizz that The Man From U.N.C.L.E. does n't feel derivative .
The Man From U.N.C.L.E. -LRB- should n't it be Men From U.N.C.L.E. ? -RRB- is Bond-ish but less violent and it never takes itself seriously .
Henry Cavill is a really , really , really attractive human being .
There 's a rather witty scene with the two heroes arguing over which purse their female accomplice should wear with each outfit , and you think yeah , this could be the entire movie : `` The Spy Who Loved To Tell Me What Not To Wear . ''
The actors give the impression of having met just moments before the cameras started rolling .
It 's a better catalog than movie , but Man from UNCLE offers enough panache to pacify ticket holders .
If this is the start of a new franchise , sign me up .
Has an undeniable entertainment value , so you can enjoy it from scene to scene , but it 's not a great movie .
Mesmerizing and clever , but more style than substance .
Even the action is droll - Solo enjoying wine and a sandwich as we see Illya desperately fighting villains in the background , a nice joke that 's a small triumph of framing .
Though it 's made with lots of modern tricks and technology , it 's old-fashioned in the best sense , and not just because it 's set in the Sixties .
Calling this -LRB- lackluster -RRB- movie ` The Man from U.N.C.L.E. ' is misleading . Naming it ` The Future Men from U.N.C.L.E. ' is probably too cumbersome , but truthful .
The action is handled well and looks quite stylish , and it 's enjoyable being immersed in the trappings of a bygone , Bond-esque espionage era . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Nudity , Violence , Profanity , etc. - for Parents available -RRB-
... the sharpest and most literate action film of the summer .
There are a few spots of humour and one decent chase scene , but The Man from U.N.C.L.E. is essentially a nicely costumed bland-out from one of the most overrated directors of our time .
It goes down as easy as the cocktails the heroes quaff like clockwork , and while you probably wo n't remember it in the morning , it wo n't leave any lingering bad taste .
Fans of The Man From U.N.C.L.E. would be advised to skip this revival . Some TV relics were not made for the big screen .
A slick spy throwback bridging modern sensibilities with '60s - chic reverence .
The straining pop art production design and heavy-handed genre-blurring only results in a frantic , thrown-together mess .
Ritchie clearly thinks he 's made a classy espionage caper in the same mould as North By Northwest , but he lacks Alfred Hitchcock 's understanding of the need to combine humour with suspense .
Cavill and Hammer are made for each other , but the film ca n't always find the pyrotechnics to match their chemistry .
Hugh Grant is underused as a British intelligence chief but Cavill picks up the slack when it comes to suave comedy . He 's way more fun in this movie than as the Man of Steel , and Ritchie 's dark sense of humour frequently stops boredom from setting in .
It 's often enjoyable , but it still feels constructed , and if not heartless , then perhaps it 's lacking a soul .
Guy Ritchie 's update of the 1960 's television spy series is sleek , sophisticated , and sexy , with lively banter , high style , and oodles of roguish retro charm .
If Bond movies are getting overly serious , Ritchie is intent on seeing that this '60s spy franchise keeps it light .
Maybe this is just glowing praise born out of basement-level low expectations , but I found U.N.C.L.E. 's bouncy vibe to be an utter delight .
A light spy thriller in the hands of a once `` enfant terrible '' that has been domesticated . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This failed attempt to bring the classic TV show to the big screen fails it 's main mission : to entertain -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie finds a perfect balance between not taking itself too seriously and delivering a solid story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It all winds up feeling hollow and even slightly oppressive , an enforced sense of fun jabbed within quotation marks . It aims for a silky lightness of touch but lands like a dropped slab of concrete .
As a summer blockbuster , it 's a mod , modest success .
This smirky reheating of the '60s television series ... is much less interested in what it says than in how it looks . And it looks great : the suits , the dresses , the cars , and oh yes , the actors , all in top , mid-century modern form .
Lightweight but stylish and enjoyable in a high-kitsch fashion .
The Man from U.N.C.L.E. delivers its spy action in a retro package , with lashings of irony .
The Cold War returns full force on the big screen , though by the end of The Man from U.N.C.L.E. , you might want to put it back in the fridge .
This film is not about anything other than its own coolness . It is pure post-modern empty pastiche ; retrograde fun made for a globalized 21st century .
`` Man '' is a celebration of a time when secret agents dressed impeccably , bantered with style , and had exceptionally cool toys . That the movie is almost instantly forgettable is part of the pleasure .
Compared to the latest features in the James Bond franchise or the `` Mission Impossible '' reboots , `` The Man From U.N.C.L.E. '' is rather quaint .
It 's not going to revolutionize the genre , but there 's something fitting about a stylish spy movie that does n't spend so much time taking itself too seriously .
What substance it has could be dissolved in a shot glass . But so what ?
Call me crazy but I 'm calling Man From U.N.C.L.E. is some of the most fun you 'll have a theatre this summer .
A lot of energy and effort has gone into this endeavor , and I ca n't say some of it 's not fun . But more of it , alas , is just tedious .
Not an update of the old TV show but a revival , with dazzling sets , period outfits and wonderfully implausible action . It 's an Atomic Age blast .
This is like an Austin Powers movie directed by Wes Anderson , although Ritchie 's personal style is very much in evidence .
U.N.C.L.E. is maybe turning these spies into idyllic caricatures , but it 's not irreverent . Even the bumbling is really cool bumbling .
While the plot may seem to be of the ` simplicity itself ' variety , it is routinely obscured , either intentionally or unintentionally , by Ritchie 's stylistic choices .
The Man from U.N.C.L.E. plays like a lower key , vintage edition of a Mission : Impossible movie . It 's a good movie with a great look .
Ritchie 's `` U.N.C.L.E '' is a bit like a Bond buddy movie with its retro-chic globe-trotting and series of shiny vehicles -LRB- including a speedboat and submarine -RRB- backgrounding its bumpy bromance .
As stylish as it is witty , Guy Ritchie 's retro spy movie , The Man From U.N.C.L.E. , is a lovable lark and full of mischief .
You want a killer , cutting edge , thoroughly modern The Man From U.N.C.L.E. ? This is n't it . But that does n't mean it is n't bloody good fun .
Ritchie throws buckets of style onto the screen but fails to generate an interesting plot or bring any further dimensions to the characters .
Whose idea was it to make a cold war thriller for a generation that does n't know what the cold war was ?
The Man From U.N.C.L.E. is n't about much , but it made me smile for a while . It 's harmless fun .
No crying U.N.C.L.E. here .
The Man From U.N.C.L.E. desperately vies to be Mad Men crossed with Mission : Impossible , but it ends up being a forgettable movie that will be a diverting watch while you 're , say , folding laundry or traveling internationally .
Sexiness and fading nostalgia have powered far worse things than a bubbly , refreshing late-summer spy comedy .
As an action director , Ritchie turns out to be off his game , too -- the movie suffers in comparison with the current Mission : Impossible sequel or the similar Kingsman : The Secret Service .
I thought director Guy Ritchie , who was n't born when the TV show debuted in 1964 , cleverly captures the elements that made it a success ...
It 's got all the ingredients - improbable romances , partial nudity , ridiculous escapes - that make it little more than big-sound and big-picture fodder for the Imax screens it will appear on throughout the country .
Against all odds The Man From U.N.C.L.E. is surprisingly enjoyable .
It almost works . Actually , it does work , hitting the requisite number of hip notes . It just does n't dazzle , and that 's kind of a surprise .
A misfire on virtually every level ... more like ` The Wild Wild West ' than ` Mission : Impossible . '
Guy Ritchie makes the kind of enjoyably disreputable movies that are fun to watch until they 're not .
It 's slow , lethargic , utterly lacking in charm and undeserving of the Cold War setting that is its best trait .
Henry Cavill , Armie Hammer , Alicia Vikander , Elizabeth Debicki and a delightfully cavalier visual aesthetic return the fun and levity to the spy genre .
a moldy 1960s TV series that comes to the screen with no Mission : Impossible update or makeover . That 's right - it 's still moldy . But in a way that 's escapist , retro fun .
The threat that this mess of a movie might be followed by a sequel is enough to make anyone cry uncle .
Composer Daniel Pemberton 's evocations of early '60s `` danger '' music respect the period , which is more than can be said for Ritchie 's hatchet-style of staging and editing .
Ritchie is a director with no instinct for the audience , and he ca n't hold things together for an entire film . He seems at a loss , from moment to moment , as to what he should emphasize .
Holding out for a fun summer film ? Resist no longer . Just say `` U.N.C.L.E. ''
A lot of what it 's trying to do is done better in the new `` Mission : Impossible '' but its music and its female lead make it distinctive .
The Man From U.N.C.L.E. feels fun even when it lacks a particular reason for existing .
This is a movie whose charm sneaks up on you , like a spy in the night .
Superficial charisma and an appealing cast narrowly rescue The Man From U.N.C.L.E. from total collapse .
An entertaining homage to retro spy films that makes up for what it lacks in substance with plenty of laughs and undeniable style .
A remake no one was asking for , but in that category it is more like Ritchie 's Sherlock Holmes films - stylishly successful - than Hammer 's noisy flop The Lone Ranger .
Henry Cavill won the evolutionary sweepstakes and even without being Ritchie 's object of desire , he 's the best thing in the movie . Everything else is boring , stunted and a `` who cares '' ?
Entertaining and admirably low-key . More like a groovy heist thriller than a super spy yarn .
The picture is quite clever and light on its feet .
Ritchie wants to have it both ways , to make James Bond and `` Get Smart . '' It does n't work .
Feels like a tossed-off piece of work , an instantly forgettable time-killer that 's destined to become this decade 's The Mod Squad remake .
`` The Man from U.N.C.L.E. '' often times looks like an ad for a fashion magazine , and there 's nothing wrong with that .
As Ritchie retrofits modern action-comedy tropes onto the Ian Fleming era , he keeps the tone light .
It would be a mistake to criticize Ritchie 's U.N.C.L.E. just because it does n't faithfully replicate the 1964-68 television series . It should n't . But the movie version should at least be as charming and tongue-in-cheek as the low-budget TV spy spoof .
While The Man From U.N.C.L.E. is definitely the most attractively designed action movie of the year to date , its unabashed good looks are n't enough to stop you noticing your pulse rate is n't exactly rising in a hurry .
This episode is one of the more enjoyable action experiences this summer . It 's certainly the best dressed .
The movie is fun , if you 're content to view it as an exercise in style and fashion .
The film may be too silly to satisfy action audiences -LRB- and a little too slight to get us invested in the stakes -RRB- , but there 's a place for it in a world of self-serious mass entertainment .
It 'll win you over in the first few minutes with an impressively innovative car-chase scene that includes one of the drivers playing dead at the wheel .
It 's all awfully charming and wittily scripted , and almost enough to cover the fact that very little in the way of action takes place .
Cavill 's Solo , and the movie , are aggressively quippy , which is what happens when screenwriters set out to be funny but give up when they 're halfway there .
This is not your father 's U.N.C.L.E.
It 's certainly brave of Cavill to opt for such an obnoxious characterisation but -LSB- how can we -RSB- be tense about a potential World War Three when he 's more concerned about spilling focaccia crumbs on his tailored three-piece suit ?
Stylish as hell , but missing even the slightest sense of urgency .
Leads Henry Cavill and Armie Hammer do a terrific impression of male mannequins , robbing the picture of needed charm .
Temperamentally , Buy Ritchie aligns more with the lithe , James Bond-like Solo : detached , above-it-all , eternally cool under pressure .
A stylish , sexy , quintessentially-60s spy thriller that puts ` fun ' at the top of its hit list
A weak , uneasy pastiche of styles and genres in search of a consistent tone .
Nazi fascists , Italian playboys , speedboats , femme fatales , fast cars , double crosses , old-school spy do-daddery and gorgeous , eye-popping fashions . It sometimes looks like the cast of ` Mad Men ' left Madison Avenue and went into Euro undercover work .
For better and for worse , ` U.N.C.L.E. ' plays like a super-sized episode - inconsequential , an excuse for smirky fun and the occasional -LRB- though too occasional -RRB- old school gadget , bound to be repeated , with mild variations , over untold seasons .
Alicia Vikander , a Swedish actress who plays a German , is more convincing speaking English than Armie Hammer ... a heavy-footed film that barely gets by on one actor 's charm .
If only there were always two Armie Hammers .
`` The Man From U.N.C.L. E. '' is totally enjoyable for everyone .
`` The Man From U.N.C.L. E. '' is a dull affair .
Hot people , sexy music , exotic vistas , delicious one-liners - it 's everything I always wanted from Bond movies but never got . Finally a spy movie that is n't a joyless slog about an emotional loner .
Fun , it should be noted , is the point of this particular exercise .
This is a mid-August , end-of-summer , everybody-dial-it-back action movie that requests absolutely nothing from you . Which is sort of fine ?
Even if it is n't as much of grabber as the TV series , Guy Ritchie 's reboot sure gets points for style .
When will Henry Cavill star in a movie worthy of these newly unveiled charms ?
`` The Man From U.N.C.L.E. '' is only intermittently engaging and amusing , and those portions of the movie that succeed are also frustrating .
This is an incredibly confident , stylish popcorn movie , full of pleasures large and small .
Honors the original characters just fine , but the leads are lukewarm ... the -LSB- action -RSB- mostly unmemorable ... and the split-the-difference jokey-serious tone errs ... on the side of fashion-conscious and smug .
The chemistry between the three leads is magnificent , and the film does n't run so much as glide through its entirety ; taking you , the audience , along for the ride .
Long on style but short on substance , Guy Ritchie 's ring-a-ding-ding Cold War spy thriller attempts to resurrect a mothballed '60s TV series the way that Mission : Impossible did . It does n't work this time .
In the case of Style v. Substance , this retro spy caper finds in favor of Style .
A pristine Cold War lookbook of 1960s spy fashion .
Alas , the movie does n't fulfil the tease of the opening sequence . From there it devolves into a series of revelations with diminishing returns .
Dull , entirely too British , somewhat miscast , weak villains and the tone 's off -- very Guy Ritchie , in other words .
An amusing placeholder for anyone who ca n't wait for Spectre , the next Bond movie . Which should be everyone , since Skyfall ruled .
Inasmuch as you can leave a movie saying `` man , those props , costumes and credits sequences were terrific , '' you can call The Man From U.N.C.L.E. something of a minor success .
Guy Ritchie 's adaptation of the 1960 ′ s television show offers a skewed Daniel Craig/Roger Moore 007 fantasy team-up .
A passable , nostalgic period piece which does a far better job of recreating Cold War ambience than intrigue .
While it lacks a memorable villain , and the central pairing fizzes but never sparks , the film gets by on its vintage charm and a third act upswing - and , for all its messiness , it 'd be a shame not to see Solo and Kuryakin rutting horns again .
Ultimately , rising stars Henry Cavill , Armie Hammer and Alicia Vikander are pretty pawns moved around the director 's massive retro funhouse , Ritchie endlessly amused by his elaborately empty construction .
An unusually restrained Guy Ritchie serves up solid entertainment with a classy touch , but bland leads and no-sizzle chemistry make this slick '60s TV adaptation forgettable .
It 's not bad but not quite good enough either .
You can certainly see why Cavill was in the running to be 007 before donning the red cape of Superman , and why he remains a favourite for Bond once Daniel Craig eventually retires .
In the proud tradition of le cinema du Ritchie , The Man from U.N.C.L.E. is yet another film in which its aesthetics are both its greatest virtue and its most ghastly weakness .
James Bond may have cornered the market in '60s - inpsired spy flicks , but director Guy Ritchie 's The Man from UNCLE offers a fizzy antidote to 007 's deep psychological probing of late .
U.N.C.L.E. has enough style and smarts to make it an amusingly louche summer movie : a cultivated mix of action and wit , suits and cities .
With brisk pacing , and a cast this attractive parading the kinds of fashions that will remind you how much you miss Mad Men , most of the movie boasts a Mod crispness .
Leaves you in a place where you 'll be dying to see more of these characters .
A fun movie that 's striking in its style , kinetic in its energy , and has quite the wicked streak when it comes to its depiction of violence on screen .

@highlight

The Man from U.N.C.L.E. tries to distract from an unremarkable story with charismatic stars and fizzy set pieces , adding up to an uneven action thriller with just enough style to overcome its lack of substance .