Gets my prize as the sickest film since I started film criticism .
The frisson nonpareil of morbid poetry
This classic is poetic , disturbing , appalling , as Emily Dickinson saucily spoke of the undertaker , the ` man of the appalling trade . '
Eyes Without a Face is a perfect example of how cinematic poetry can transform a seemingly disreputable movie genre .
The influence of Georges Franju 's horror classic Eyes Without A Face looms large , more than half a century since its release .
-LRB- The film -RRB- made audiences faint and critics bristle with some of its grisly depictions .
A terror tale that 's as poetic as it is horrific .
Eyes Without A Face is a classic anomaly , out of step with its time -LRB- and any other -RRB- , with mysteries that lingered long enough for critics finally to be intoxicated by them .
One of those rare horror films that induces discomfort by showing practically nothing .
Georges Franju 's monstrous masterpiece delivers horror sans face but with a huge heart .
Awesome for its time , but a little awkward today , this straight-talking shocker deserves regard rather than reverence .
Wedding lyrical beauty to a gruesome scenario , it bridges the chasm between arthouse poetry and exploitation voyeurism .
A classic of twisted gothic enchantment .
A compelling and clinically brilliant combination of French art film and shock horror .
ends up occupying uncharted territories somewhere between the gothic horrors of Frankenstein , the fairytale lyricism of La Belle et la Bete , and the charnel-house realism of Franju 's own abbatoir-set documentary Le Sang Des Betes .
Both a horror movie and a dreamy art film without peer .
Sharp as a scalpel , soft as a caress , this is a weird masterwork .
It has some queasy scenes , but unclear progression and plodding direction give this an old-fashioned air .
As absurd and as beautiful as a fairy tale .
In its sedate , measured virtuosity , eloquently haunting imagery abuts the queasily naturalistic . It 's both beautiful and grisly , lyric and sinister .
A marvellous movie in the fullest sense .
This is a truly haunting horror movie .
Les yeux sans visage -LSB- is -RSB- a balance between cruelty and tenderness that has rarely been attempted in cinema .
Among the most disturbing horror films ever made .
enduring , accomplished
It 's a fine B movie , but not worth the $ 30 list price .
It 's not a masterpiece but it certainly is n't forgettable .
Has a baroque beauty rarely seen in the horror genre ... the haunting final images are worthy of Poe or Cocteau .
Eyes Without a Face has the staging and rhythm of Noir , and , up until one incredible scene , employs horror with implication and ambiance .
-LSB- Director Franjau -RSB- concentrates on weaving an incredibly frail spell and keeps it wafting in just the right spaces throughout the film ; the beautiful black-and-white , Cinemascope cinematography helps a great deal .
Outre as it is , never tires as hypnotic , touching , ghastly fun .
Franju conjures images -- sometimes gory , sometimes poetic , sometimes fantastical -- that genuinely haunt : the essence of the cinema distilled .
Amazingly , all the excesses and derangements of filming since that time have not muffled the dream force of Franju 's vision .
It infects your dreams with dread and desperation .
Told with the surrealism of a Jean Cocteau film and with the fanciful style of `` Metropolis '' and Fritz Lang , this is a great classic that warrants discovery , or re-discovery !
Long before plastic surgery became the vogue in Beverly Hills , a 1960 horror classic proved its power to destroy the relationship between a father and daughter .
A blood-curdling picture directed by Georges Franju at an even , distant pace that builds tension to an almost unbearable level .
Franju constructs an elegant visual work ; here is a horror movie in which the shrieks are not by the characters but by the images .
A modernist horror film infused with the spirit of the silent avant garde
Like a nightmare that never ends , this is a vision of madness , loneliness and , yes , horror that , once seen , demands to be viewed over and over again . It is that haunting , and that good .
A masterpiece of poetic horror and tactful , tactile brutality .
Sends a chill that extends from the cheekbones through the eye sockets to the back of the skull .
Poetic , strange , but distanced
This marvelously bizarre film was a chilling mixture of art and schlock .
The perfect Halloween treat .









@highlight

A horrific tale of guilt and obsession , Eyes Without a Face is just as chilling and poetic today as it was in 1959 .