While not a lot of Hell Baby works ... the movie does seem destined to be the sort of acquired-taste howler that will most likely attract people who recognize how ridiculous horror movies can be-and , of course , stoners .
A slog through improv run amok -- a film that seems allergic toward anything that might be construed as a legitimate throughline , lest that somehow be interpreted as ` selling out , ' and not subversive enough .
Hell Baby offers a welcome alternative to the overwrought seriousness of modern horror movies with its frequently hilarious take on familiar genre tropes .
This is just about the one-billionth movie to lampoon the horror genre , but so what ? It 's hilarious .
Given the talent involved , it 's a project that sounds promising -LRB- if maybe more than slightly derivative -RRB- , but it winds up an unfortunate misfire .
The jaw drops at the drought of laughs in the horror spoof `` Hell Baby , '' especially considering the massive amount of comic talent in front of and behind the cameras .
I ca n't say I did n't laugh during Hell Baby . I just did n't laugh as much as I would have liked to , or as much as I expected to .
Everything about it stinks , from the sophomoric writing to the sleep-inducing performances . But even more frightening is the feeling that the torture being inflicted by the writing-directing team of Robert Ben Garant and Thomas Lennon will never end .
Certainly is n't the worst horror comedy of all time -LRB- see Transylmania -RRB- ... But most of it is still pretty bad .
Like 98-minutes of ` MADtv . ' I mean that in a good way .
It soon becomes apparent that the filmmakers , many of whom worked together on `` The State '' and `` Reno 911 ! '' , are n't committed to their film 's main conceit .
The film 's reliance on female nudity for edge seems approximately as ancient as the withered hag who keeps trying to get it on with Corddry .
-LSB- It -RSB- rarely dares to be smart , settling instead for familiar gags that would have the Devil himself yawning .
A film that 's less than half as funny as its predecessor , and a sliver as clever as the original .
This offensive , crass pastiche makes `` Grown Ups 2 '' look like a paragon of wit and good taste .
Garant and Lennon 's attempts at humor are absolutely terrible . It 's as though they have no idea what comedy is or how it works . This results in a series of gags that they must think are hilarious , but are actually extremely sad and cringe-worthy .
In the end , the level of delirium is addictive . Getting there , however , is a challenge which may or may not be worth your time .
There are genre satires , and then there are dumb comedies that wish they could qualify for that status .
It 's all very goofy and gleefully performed , but it 's difficult to figure out exactly what Garant and Lennon want from Hell Baby .
Its modest -LRB- if occasionally gross-out -RRB- stabs at genre parody rarely insult our intelligence and even allow for the kind of retro deadpan silliness Mel Brooks used to underline his louder punch lines .
Evenly divided , joke-wise , between complete non-starters and uproarious setpieces that overstay their welcome .
Robert Ben Garant and Thomas Lennon 's Hell Baby is a hit-or-miss affair with far more misses than hits .
When you consider that Garant and Lennon make their living as screenwriters for hire , Hell Baby 's shoddy script is an unholy mystery .
The movie is delightfully crude in places -LRB- including an instance of relay puking -RRB- and just plain silly-clever in others .
A doomed parody that 's almost painfully unfunny .
The filmmakers satirize the often obscenely meaningless ways in which people of a certain socioeconomic strata attempt to launder their white guilt .
A de-moan .
I 'm actually angry at how little the movie even tries . There is n't enough of anything here to pad out a brief sketch , never mind a feature-length film .
Hell Baby is a devilish laugh-riot , providing hellishly indulgent comedy married with lighthearted slapstick comedy - as long as you 're into Thomas Lennon and Robert Ben Garant 's typical `` immature '' style .
It 's genuinely funny , a condition all too rare in horror-comedies , comedies , and movies written by Lennon and Garant .
A pileup of poorly improvised scenes and repetitive gags demonstrating zero flair for either satire or straightforward comedy .
Marlon Wayans ' A Haunted House no longer can own the title of the worst horror spoof of 2013 .
For every oddly specific Shakespeare reference or detour to the local po-boy joint , there 's an ongoing parade of puke and an awful rubber suit with which to contend .
For every joke that works - about ten fall flat .
It does n't reinvent the wheel after their anarchic sketch comedy show `` The State , '' but funny is funny , and Hell Baby is very , very funny .

@highlight

Though its brand of immature comedy may appeal to some , Hell Baby misses the mark with much of its humor , rendering it a largely ineffective -- and often crass -- genre sendup .