An almost stunningly incompetent piece of work ...
It neither musters the campy horror of Ju-on nor follows through on its art-house potential .
It is far from a completely successful experiment , but it does create something with a unique enough identity to be worth exploring .
As creepy as it is frustrating .
It drops names such as Madame Blavatsky for gravitas , but has as little to do with theosophy as a Westerner has to do with chopsticks .
-LSB- An -RSB- atmospheric , hypnotic digital video wonder .
Any profound statement that Shimizu is making gets lost in translation , if it was ever there in the first place .
The gloppy sound effects are so over-the-top , they invite laughter , and the bloodsucking scenes are allowed to become absurdly repetitious .
It 's actually a pretty lousy thriller .
It 's not really scary , but it reaches a level of insanity so unhinged and dispassionately wretched that it defies description .
Shimizu has done what compatriots such as Hideo Nakata have not yet managed to do : make a contemporary Japanese horror movie that has some new ideas in it .
Shimizu does n't quite achieve the ostensible goal of Marebito 's verite style and purposefully low-tech execution : to pervert our sense of what is real .
Marebito is a disturbing supernatural drama that leaves a sour taste in the mouth .
By the end , the story 's ambiguities begin to cancel each other out , leaving us with no good readings rather than a multitude of valid ones .
The year 's least frightening horror film .
Marebito is no conventional vampire movie but a speculation into the notion that ancient people could sense alien beings in their midst .
Shot on digital video as murky as Masuoka 's imagination , its creeping sense of dank dread is as slow to build as it is hard to shake .
The look of the film , and the gore , meld into the real and unreal of this hero 's journey . But the journey is muddled , and at times unintentionally funny .
And if the trip does n't have the clear-cut directions of a Hollywood film , it has all the ideas -- and cold , unsettling flights of fantasy -- of a nightmare , where faceless people look and look and look , but never see .
For Japanese horror aficionados only , and even they are likely to be underwhelmed by this stew of half-baked ideas and creepy sensations .
An outrageous horror flick from Japan .
Marebito never gives us what it promised : a glorious , totally new sense of horror .
Marebito feels like it 's twice as long as it should be . It feels like an episode of a horror anthology show , stuffed to make it feature length .
It 's just a little too interesting for its own good , a fascinating setup that leads to multiple conclusions -- none of them satisfying .
Plot specifics are so muddy that part of the fun is getting lost in the narrative red herrings .
Marebito , a piece of soft-core trash disguised as pop art from director Takashi Shimizu , marks a new low in the genre .
Dreamy and atmospheric , Marebito is a better film than Ju-On : The Grudge .
This all-digital indie is , by genre standards , either a misfired doodle or an attempt to Lovecraft-ize the popular movement . Or both .
What begins as a smart J-horror update of Blowup quickly turns into a sick joke .

@highlight

The scares are lacking in this J-horror flick , and the plot soon turns half-baked .