But there is nothing even deliciously bad or even fun bad in Shall We Dance , you wo n't find a moment of emotional truth , anywhere , nowhere , not in Richard Gere 's twinkly demeanor , or in Susan Sarandon 's googly eyeballs .
Cute romance that is marred by homophobia .
Touches to make ` hip ' what should be an unabashedly square story -- such as the casting of Nick Cannon in a supporting role and an out-of-nowhere cameo by Ja Rule -- more jar than gel .
This excellent and acclaimed cast is shoved into a film whose screenplay should have alerted them that it 's not ready to go before the cameras .
Inevitably this film will be compared to its predecessor , and it simply ca n't win .
Not as good as the original , but enjoyable nonetheless .
It 's rather cute , but only the truly girly will fall for the decidedly Officer And A Gentlemanly denouement that injects a belated sexy note .
The 1996 original is classier , deeper , more poignant . A Ginger Rogers to this Beyoncé .
What it does n't have is any real point -- it 's a love story with the lovers missing .
American studios are , quite simply , incapable of the subtlety and understatement that made the Japanese original such an unforgettable classic .
Offers attractive , inoffensive characters and a smattering of broad laughs , but it fails to use its potential to explore weightier themes such as John 's mid-life crisis .
Os personagens vivem crises de identidade que soam reais graças às boas performances de seus intérpretes - e isto coloca o filme acima do que permitiria seu material .
Shall We Dance ? stumbles into a tight corner between comedy and romance , failing to satisfy on either count .
... if you 're not prepared to watch Richard Gere pulsate for 106 minutes , you 're not going to have much fun with this picture .
American filmmakers have -LSB- again -RSB- hammered something beautiful down into unremarkable mush . Still , it honors marriage more than any film in recent memory .
Possesses a sunny optimism that filmgoers do n't regularly see .
Insipid ...
... a tuxedoed Richard Gere is still one of the sexiest men on the planet
This loose remake of the Japanese hit film is disappointing in many respects , including the acting .
The studio turned a cute little charmer into a slapstick sitcom .
A sweet , well-meaning pass at a story that just does n't translate -- you 're gon na get stuck watching it with your mom or your girlfriend every time it shows up on TNT .
` What woman would n't want a handsome husband showing up at work in a tuxedo , holding one perfect rose ? '
` Take this film for what it is ... light , cheery , and amusing . '
Some moves in Shall We Dance require a leap of faith , but there 's a really heartwarming love story in here somewhere .
A small movie that 's been supersized .
Sensible viewers are unlikely to relate .
Chelsom zestfully follows the original almost step-by-step -- including a clumsy plot turn that should have been left off the dance card .
If you can put yourself in a non-cynical frame of mind , Shall We Dance ? has a sweetness that is hard to deny .
... one of the most romantic films of the year .
Now , twenty-six years after his theatrical debut , Gere gives what just might be his most bewitching performance to date , enlivening a picture to heights it would not have achieved without him .
Under the clunky direction of Peter Chelsom , while forced to mouth inane dialogue by Audrey Wells ... a swell bunch of troupers get mangled in a monsoon of clichés .
It 's hard not to get caught up in this film , despite its many flaws , primarily because Gere makes for a sympathetic figure , a middle-aged man just wanting to feel something new in the autumn of his life .
Sit this one out and chalk it up to a misstep for everyone .
-LSB- Gere 's -RSB- need to telegraph sappy good-heartedness with every shot drains away all trace of eroticism .
There are so many appealing performers in Shall We Dance ? that it 's a crime the director , Peter Chelsom , and the screenwriter , Audrey Wells , have n't given them more to do .
Filmgoers lured by nice notices , marketing magic and the teaming of Richard Gere , Jennifer Lopez and Susan Sarandon will be charmed and entertained and spread that all-critical word of mouth .
A charming , well-cast and acted comedy about the glamour and romance of dance .
There are good movies about the transformative power of dance , but all this one does is parade stock characters around and hint at tiny changes they 've made in their lives .
Shall We Dance ? gives us characters whose lives are transformed by the beauty and joy of dancing without ever showing us how .
The screenplay does not allow the dance to overshadow the human core of the story - Clark 's search for fulfillment , for the missing piece to make his life complete .
An adorably benign -LRB- if slow -RRB- date movie .
A warm , honestly observed study of middle-age awakening becomes a vehicle to pull J.Lo 's caboose .
A warm-hearted , light on its feet , entertaining movie
Director Peter Chelsom can not capture the sublime melancholy which pervaded the original , instead going for a straightforward crowd-pleaser
Shall we Dance is a chick flick jack-in-the-box . In the beginning it elicits wide appeal ... then suddenly morphs into Lifetime fare ...
Gere is the true star here ! My wife liked this film so well she saw it four times . I had to see it twice to truly appreciate it .
A hokey , poorly acted , and disappointing remake of the irresistible 1997 Japanese film .
Director Peter Chelsom pulls off the unexpected and actually produces a passable , if not entirely successful film .
It 's a sweet story sabotaged by routine characters and dumb plot turns .
You may want to sit this one out .
Perhaps an American version of this film could be done well , but it would have required a lot more thought ... as well as the recasting of the three leads .
The perfect date movie for all ages .
Occasionally charming but ultimately forgettable bit of fox-trot fluff .
Takes a small , exquisite Japanese movie and turns it into a big , stupid American movie . Still , it must be said that as glossy and overproduced as the thing is , it 's a good Big Stupid American movie .
Turns a sweet , lilting story into a clunky , clichéd and tedious movie sitcom .
It 's a surprisingly acceptable variation on a theme .
The original remains the standard , and it 's a far deeper work , but this paint-by-numbers project manages to get by on its good humour and undeniably entertaining ensemble cast .
This mildly entertaining bauble will disappear from your memory even before you 've dislodged the last popcorn husks from your back teeth .
While its situations are never hugely believable , this long-delayed remake is otherwise a consistently delightful comedy of character and a surprisingly strong showcase for its stars .
Where the original soared , the new version hugs the ground . It 's like the difference between Fred Astaire 's dancing and Richard Gere 's .
A cozy star vehicle for Jennifer Lopez and Richard Gere .
Miscast , misguided and woefully misbegotten , this clumsy American remake of the deftly delicate 1996 sleeper hit from Japan is too blah to bludgeon .
Lopez has the simultaneous gift and curse of being exactly as good as her material ; she fully inhabits the solemnity of Paulina without overshadowing the central conflict .
A treat on two counts . First and foremost , it is a wildly entertaining and companionable film . Second , it is blessedly unpretentious .
The Clark character holds us because Gere makes us understand the frustration of a guy who simply needs a new spark to rejuvenate a good but stale life .
Feels more American in origin : like Dirty Dancing III : The Viagra Years .
Runs the constant risk of dissolving into extreme silliness , but its continuous small-change pleasures and general sweetness grow in aggregate .
The central idea -- that losing yourself in a small , private world can help you to better engage the larger world -- is n't lost in translation .
It 's an intelligent , funny , mature comedy that wears its heart on its sleeve and makes you care about the inner lives of ridiculously privileged human beings .
A pleasant , uncomplicated , adult night out -- an event nearly as rare as a new romantic Hollywood musical .
There is n't even any exciting dancing here , and what hoofing there is has been heavily edited , usually with the dancers ' feet cropped off .
A comedy with two left feet .
A sleek Hollywood crowd-pleaser , more movie than art film , but its makers have wisely stuck not only to the spirit but often even to the letter of the original .
It wants so badly to curry date-night favor , it never risks doing anything that would make for a memorable move .
Very nearly as good as the original , a funny and unexpectedly touching story of a middle-age man finding inspiration in ballroom dance .
There 's nothing wrong with Shall We Dance ? exactly , except that it makes absolutely no sense .
This American version does n't have the same exquisite magic and profound understanding , but it is charming in its own way .
Sure , it 's idiotic fluff . But it 's vaguely watchable idiotic fluff .
A funny , well-acted adult tale about the difficulty of holding onto happiness .
a mostly faithful remake of the 1996 Japanese film of the same name . That movie was enchanting ; this one is innocuous .
Sayonara sushi , hello turkey .
When the movie focuses on Gere 's marriage to Susan Sarandon and how honesty can save love , Dance will sneakily kick-step its way into your heart .
Invigorating , hopeful , funny and perfectly consciously corny at times .
Asks us to return to the days of yesteryear , when we would accept Cary Grant as a country bumpkin and Marilyn Monroe as an ugly duckling . These days , that 's asking too much .
Let 's just say a lot has been lost in the translation .
Waltzes us into a world where interesting emotional realities give way to stock responses .
Lopez ... lords over the movie like a narcissistic devil .
Feels engineered the way women 's magazines too often do : to deliver the feel-good without burdening us with too much feeling or thought .
More neatly wrapped up and packaged to sell , but it has n't been destroyed . Indeed , it has its charms .
Its missteps turn the delicate footwork of the original into a clunky thud .
The Japanese original is great , but if you do n't like reading movies - this is a wonderful substitute partner . It 's fun , fabulous , and makes you want to hit the dance floor !
Conventional as it may be , Shall We Dance ? offers genuine delights .
It 's a shame ... when the leading man 's muse spends much of the film looking like all she could possibly inspire is an Easter Island-style statue .
Gere is a pleasure , smiling and spinning and high-fiving his two classmates -- played by Bobby Cannavale and Omar Miller -- and the movie is happy and extremely likable .
the beat for much of the music is difficult , if not impossible , to hear . If you 're a dancer , or like to watch good dancing , this is very disappointing .
A sugarcoated American remake with all the same charms , but also the same flaws .
Gere , a strong supporting cast , and a great soundtrack save this romantic comedy from the dog pound .
Wishy-washy ... fluctuates between two opposing opinions of gentlemen in soft shoes .
This is a film that probably should n't work , but does . Shall we dance ? Sure , just do n't slip on the sloppy tears or the butterlike popcorn topping .
No matter how good they are as actors , years of exposure make it difficult to imagine Gere * as a klutzy sad sack ... or Sarandon being mousy and nonconfrontational .
A movie with no particular reason to exist , which is not to say that it 's all bad ... Couples looking for an enjoyable date-night flick could do worse .
American remake of Japanese romance is a slight , sweet charmer thanks to a great ensemble cast .
Masayuki Suo 's charming social comedy has been remade into romantic fluff ... The result might be described as blandly pleasant .
Richard Gere slips into his dancing shoes again for a romantic comedy of sorts that 's anything but swift on its feet .
I do n't know how they did it , I expected it to BLOW , but it worked , I swear to you it worked . Great script .
Audrey Wells ' badly flawed adaptation of the original screenplay tries to bridge -LSB- the -RSB- cultural gap but it does n't work
Cute . Waltzes right past `` airy '' on its way to the Sugarland Express . Keep your insulin handy .
A satisfying picture about something that everyone can identify with : a yearning for more .
Shall We Dance ? never seems to rise above its syrupy premise and ballroom antics .
The movie has a zippy script by Audrey Wells ... as well as a supersized order of funny supporting characters .
As a whole , Shall We Dance ? is enjoyable .
Shall We Dance ? , an Americanization of a popular 1996 Japanese film , is an old-fashioned feel-good fantasy that piles on the euphoria .
A polished , feel-good movie that will be most appreciated by those who went back for second helpings of My Big Fat Greek Wedding .
The cast is promising , but this remake of the popular Japanese movie falls flat , with more ` sound design ' than delicious music , more slick film editing than graceful ballroom gliding .
Largely forgettable because the central love story , between a married couple played by Richard Gere and Susan Sarandon , has nary a spark .
The entire feature feels poorly motivated and low on energy . There 's clearly something missing .
Goes too far in its slapstick efforts to please mainstream audiences , but there 's no denying the genuine appeal of -- and I ca n't believe I 'm actually writing this -- Richard Gere and ballroom dancing .
The movie not only shows you the longing felt by its characters , it draws you in to sharing those feelings with them . You want them to find their steps and rhythm .
A doubly tired remake : first of the infinitely better 1997 film from Japan , and second of virtually any cliche you can imagine from situation comedies .
So supple is this story about the man with two lead feet who walks into a dance class and then waltzes out of his midlife funk , that it pretty much survives the transplant from its Tokyo Zen garden to a Windy City rose arbor .
This version of Shall We Dance ? tosses circumspection out of the window , milking every ounce of sentimentality , pathos and thrift-shop idiosyncrasy from the story line .
The filmmakers are n't afraid to lay on the schmaltz , especially at the end , but it never gets so heavy that Shall We Dance ? does n't step lively .
An unwieldy mess that gives every impression of having been made under a mandate to fill the Miramax crowd-pleaser slot .
Good-natured fluff .
The movie tries hard to duplicate the original 's mood and story , but , like Gere or Lopez , is too much of a visual knockout to rope us in .
The original is about the restorative power of dance . The remake is about working a rap number into the movie so kids will buy the soundtrack .
Shall We Dance is n't half the movie its predecessor is , but it succeeds on its own terms .
You 're better off being a wallflower .
Stanley Tucci is the reason to see Shall We Dance ?
` The Rumba is a vertical expression of a horizontal wish , ' says J. Lo . Then again , so is sleepwalking .
The new Dance is a lukewarm Hollywood T-ball game , where the only goal is to please every potential audience member out there in the great unknown .
this is a thoroughly likable flick , one that will have even the most rhythmically challenged schlub leaving the theater with a bounce in his step and twinkle in his eye .
Too bad the title Lost in Translation , which aptly describes much of the story of the Shall We Dance ? remake , was already taken .
A movie that ca n't decide whether to frown or twirl .
a melodramatic nightmare marred by poorly contrived situations and emotionally weak characters
Peter Chelsom 's one of the rare few these days who can truly create a world on film .
Shall We Dance opens so promisingly that it 's a big disappointment when the picture suffers crucial missteps that throw off its entire rhythm .
Instead of class , we get crass . Instead of living characters , we get lazy stereotypes . Instead of light effervescence , we get a lead balloon .
Lopez 's pout does n't convey tragedy as much as brattiness , as if the catastrophe in Paulina 's life was that she had missed out on a clearance sale at her favorite shoe store .
A reasonably diverting piece , even if it 's a distant also-ran to the charming Japanese original .
Exemplifies its distributor at its most blatantly opportunistic -- plundering the recycling bin for a no-brainer cash-in .
Films about dance are so often memorable and inspiring ; but despite this one 's star wattage , or perhaps because of it , it does n't win the contest .
Terrible film , terrible film .
Lopez is badly miscast and apparently insane .
you will walk out with a huge smile on your face and a spring in your step
It does n't so much dance as it hops around on the screen .
The cultural nuances of the original have been lost and in their stead is the sort of deep insight into the human condition that can most readily be found in a fortune cookie
The dynamic pacing , plentiful dancing numbers , and charismatic actors ensure that even -LSB- more demanding viewers -RSB- will find themselves pleasantly diverted .
It 's shamelessly direct in its emotional targeting , but in a gentle , inoffensive way that will appeal to viewers who prefer the old storytelling formulas to the more sensationalistic contemporary approach .
A totally delightful film overflowing with passion for life , love -- and ballroom dancing .
The best parts of Shall We Dance have more in common with Best in Show than Strictly Ballroom .
A listless , Hollywooden affair populated by generic characters that are either blandly underdeveloped -LRB- in the case of the leads -RRB- or drawn with tired broad strokes .
This G-rated version of Unfaithful suggests middle-aged men and women can have their cake as long as they just rub up against it but do n't eat it .



@highlight

The cast is warmly appealing , but with the loss of cultural context and addition of big-name celebrities , this American version loses the nuances of the original .