There 's very little plot . That 's for the best .
Director Ivan Reitman , who has never really gotten any dirtier than campers reading smut in Meatballs , is out of his element .
You get the feeling Reitman packed the supporting cast with ringers because he knew his leads could n't cut it .
While it 's not without problems , No Strings Attached is a romantic comedy worth watching , and that 's saying a lot . Every member of the cast lights up the screen with humor and charm and there are a lot of genuinely funny moments .
Aside from its unromantic plot , `` Attached '' is over-sexed , overdone and overcome by a terrible script .
Benefits the most from a sexy , emotionally available/vulnerable turn by Natalie Portman . But the Kutcher guy is n't bad either .
Acting opposite Ashton Kutcher is the equivalent of dropping down a year in school for someone like Natalie Portman .
Portman is a true comedienne on screen . Hopefully she 'll add a few more performances like this one to her resume ' in the near future .
This being a Hollywood romantic comedy , the outcome of the story-about a man and woman who agree to a sex-only relationship-is obvious from the get-go , so this film is all about the journey , not the destination ...
A romantic comedy that looks smutty but is actually slushy .
Portman 's fine , Kucher , not so much ; No Strings Attached falters
While the ultimate conclusion is still the same as always , and Ashton Kutcher 's flat delivery nearly ruins it , No Strings Attached is a thoughtful twist on the usual romantic-comedy .
If you like looking at Natalie Portman , you may take a fancy to the movie . Otherwise , you might find it a bore .
All Adam and Emma are doing is pretending to not be emotionally vulnerable and living out our fantasies without suffering any of the consequences . I call BS .
Calculated mix of raunch and adorability
The problem is that we know the ` friends with benefits ' deal always leaves someone hurt ; the joy would be in seeing how all this lust could believably turn into love .
And although execution counts for a lot , there 's no amount of skill on Earth that can help this turkey . The script is just too awful . Rent it one day if you 're in the mood to find out exactly how not to write a sex comedy .
Quite the rarity for Hollywood romantic comedies , No Strings Attached is loaded with funny ideas . Portman creates a complex leading lady . It 's a funny , sharp and wonderfully dirty
-LSB- A -RSB- dislikable , distasteful , indifferently acted romantic comedy ...
The picture is not completely unengaging , however , thanks to two likeable lead performances from Ashton Kutcher and Natalie Portman .
Often just cringe-worthy .
As Portman preps to take the Oscar this weekend for Black Swan , there are people still questioning if she can really act at all .
A Revolutionary Road-style sequel exploring the couple 's woes five years down the line might be interesting and give Portman a chance to shine . Perhaps they could hire an actor for Kutcher 's part .
Quantum string theory , it ai n't . But it 's passable enough if you just fancy gawping at some glossy leads for a bit .
Thankfully , this film is blessed with director Reitman and well-judged performances from Natalie Portman and Ashton Kutcher , who generate smouldering on-screen chemistry .
You just sit and wait as the film churns out tedious brash sex comedy .
How many Ashton Kutcher films have you emerged smiling from ?
You do n't need a PhD in romcomology from the University of Predictable Nonsense , formerly Predictable Nonsense Polytechnic , to guess what happens next .
No Strings Attached is nominally a raunchy romantic comedy , but Natalie Portman betrays so little indication of enjoying herself you 'd be forgiven for thinking we were watching deleted scenes from Black Swan .
Portman does seem a bit too brittle and neurotic for this sort of easygoing fluff , but Kutcher , who makes relaxed light comedy seem much easier than it actually is , proves right at home .
Portman can look smug in light-touch comedy , but her chemistry with Kutcher is believable -LRB- though to be fair , Kutcher is the golden retriever of male leads : blandly irresistable -RRB- .
It 's good to see Kline on screen again and Kutcher and Portman make an appealing couple .
Like that little itch after a one-night stand , this could have been something more .
Although it falls into the many clichéd traps of the genre , it has some amicable and candid qualities that make it more appealing than the usual run-of-the-mill offerings .
Not a bad premise , but material demanding a light touch is weighed down by a desperate desire to fit in , like a little kid swearing to impress the big boys .
A none-too-challenging romcom saved from obscurity by a kooky supporting cast , smutty one-liners and Portman flaunting her funny side .
Problems range from howlingly obvious flaws like the foul , Knocked Up-wannabe script , to almost undetectable nuisances like the way Kutcher never signals when he 's turning into a side street or driveway .
No String Attached is a dismal start for 2011 's casual sex comedies .
This is what I mean by ` January junk . '
Despite its obviousness , the sharp script and the pairing of Portman and Kutcher elevate No Strings Attached above what you expect from a sex-based rom-com .
The film 's first half is best , largely because the conceit that keeps the lovers from the inevitable happy ending is much too flimsy to go the distance .
An inoffensive , oft entertaining and even occasionally funny addition to the genre .
It 's a lot more candid , at least verbally , than most American rom coms are these days and I like that about it . I liked its cheekiness of dialogue .
It 's not a great film but it 's quite enjoyable .
So why did I like No Strings Attached and yet dislike Love And Other Drugs ? I do n't know . I guess love really does move in mysterious ways .
A great date movie and a slam-dunk must for chick flick aficionados .
In the end , of course , love conquers all -- but to view this as a conservative moral would be to give a fun , busy comedy entirely too much weight .
Sometimes it 's just enjoyable to watch a movie where all the characters are nice ; to spend ninety minutes with a bunch of people who are smart , funny , amiable and kind to one another .
It ends up being just another one-night stand -- perfectly enjoyable , but mostly forgettable , and maybe even a bit regrettable .
A cut above the average rom-com thanks to the sharp writing , the real spark between the two leads and a handful of surprisingly heartfelt moments .
The main appeal of this amiable romantic comedy is the unexpectedly appealing pairing of the diminutive Natalie Portman and the exceedingly tall Ashton Kutcher
No Strings Attached has absolutely no designs above its station ... inoffensive , mildly amusing and instantly forgettable .
Sex , sex , sex , sex . Echoed repeatedly , the word is used like a hopeful incantation , as if by its mere repetition we 'll be convinced that the movie is indeed something hot and desirable . It 's not .
If I had to dig for praise , it 's impressive that Reitman manages to get the 5 ' 2 '' Portman and 6 ' 3 '' Kutcher in the same frame .
The cast has an indecent amount of fun with Elizabeth Meriweather 's salty-but-sweet dialogue .
As factory-assembled rom-coms go , No Strings Attached is n't as dire as last year 's Killers -LRB- also starring Kutcher -RRB- or 2009 's Bride Wars .
The hilarious supporting players keep things moving when the director stumbles , but `` No Strings Attached '' lacks the emotional core that would have made it memorable .
... an anemic rehash of When Harry Met Sally ... without the insight ...
At least Portman is playing someone who is recognizably human , unlike her dancer in Black Swan .
The charismatic leads keep this watchable , but it 's a waste of their talents .
Tedious and forgettable .
No Strings Attached has a hell of a find : a nervous beauty who can precision-time a pratfall and win an audience 's heart just by biting her lip . Too bad Lake Bell 's not playing the lead .
There are no bad guys and good guys here ; just human beings . While Paul is alternately embraced and regarded as an interloper , we see him from both his own and the family 's perspective
I had wondered if Kutcher would drag Portman down to his vulgar level , or whether Portman would give him some class , but instead they both meet on some new , comfortable level .
It 's mostly overstuffed with some funny/odd , but never throwaway , lines . And some amusing , nearly quirky , but never tired secondary characters . And , in a flick all about avoiding a serious relationship , a compelling acting-commitment from Portman .
It does n't avoid a cookie cutter feel early on when the storyline is being awkwardly set up , but eventually the chemistry between Portman and Kutcher overcomes the clichés .
It 's a good premise , but Reitman and screenwriter Elizabeth Meriwether do little aside from ape Judd Apatow movies .
No Strings Attached entices with its libertine premise about the joys of relationship-free sex , but the come-on is really just a lusty tease for a standard romantic comedy .
Contains less pandering humor and a couple of characters that actually resemble real human beings.The high concept unfolds in a more natural progression than one might expect .
Tries to be a comedy in the Apatow mode but at heart it is sweet and fairly traditional .
With its role-reversing twist , it 's sexy , sappy and shallow .
A vulgar exercise in depravity radiating such bad karma that you 'll need to take a cleansing shower right after watching it
Only a failure , and not the grim , joyless train-wreck that it 's so easy to expect from just about everything there is to know about the film .
It makes very good use of its supporting cast .
No Strings Attached is so palpably calculated that you know if the camera had pulled back a foot from the bed in which Portman and Kutcher were pretending to have sex , you 'd have seen their agents standing by beaming : proud parents , proud pimps .
A bland couple has some trivial obstacles to overcome and you just wish they would get out of the way -- their surrounding friends and family are much more interesting .
Miserable .
Portman deftly finds both the comedy and tragedy of using her character 's last $ 5 to buy and consume a box of doughnut holes
I want to see Kutcher play a serial killer without a conscious and with his own hair . Enough rom-coms that take place in another universe !
... a funny , sexy film that does n't make you feel like the floor of a movie theater after a kiddie matinee .
No Strings Attached is a better movie than its title , trailer and Kutcherness suggest .
We do n't have a great film here , but it is certainly an enjoyable one . Frisky , well timed , and sweet to the edge of socially acceptable cuteness -LRB- for all but the religious right , of course -RRB- . No Strings Attached is a wonderful date flick .
... a typically slick romantic comedy ...
Although a bit short on laughs for a romcom , ` No Strings Attached ' has its heart in the right place .
This guilty pleasure starts 2011 off with an ecstatic bang . Portman and Kutcher have a sizzling hot chemistry . The movie takes some unexpected turns to arrive at a predictable destination . It is filled with indelibly cute moments & winning dialogue that . .
The film sets off coarse jokes like signal flares , positioned to distract from its otherwise dowdy makeup .
While Portman , along with Greta Gerwig keep the film lively , ` No Strings ' ultimately suffers from unimaginative sequences , blandness and jokes that are not funny at all .
An unevenly fun and cute film .
Reitman maintains a buoyant tone throughout , capturing millennial life in Los Angeles with squeaky clean affection for the sunny city 's perfectly manicured delights .
Think of it as a Last Tango in Paris for the Internet generation , with cell phones instead of butter as the story 's chief accessory . But instead of Brando and Bertolucci , we have Kutcher and Reitman , and the result is the usual rom-com ditherings .
It ends up exactly as you know it will . But the formula has - in the case of these characters - enough kinks to at least keep it interesting .
Portman shows Heigl , Bell and Aniston what it takes to be a rom-com queen in No Strings Attached .
This is a movie that introduces a very provocative idea , only to progressively water it down until the audience is left with a generic romantic comedy virtually indistinguishable from all the other generic romantic comedies .
... the low moral tone and profane language of this trite , predictable romcom trump fine performances by Ashton Kutcher and the rest of the cast .
One of the better romantic comedies in the last couple of years .
If you 're going to see a Natalie Portman film in the theaters this weekend , see Black Swan .
Reitman may not be back at the top of his game but he certainly knows what he 's doing , the picture handsomely made and efficiently put together with a touch that 's confident and self-assured .
The shaggy fringes of the flick get most of the laughs -- for one , it 's absurdly obsessed with '90s hip-hop
A lot of sharp lines from screenwriter Elizabeth Meriwether and a strong supporting cast are often enough to make that premise pleasant if not exactly shocking .
It 's not that the leads are n't affable . They are . It 's not that they are n't nice to look at . They are . -LRB- Although the cinematography makes them look sort of blotchy . -RRB- It 's just hard to care if they hook up after they , well , hook up .
The picture is no great shakes as cinema , and a shade too cute for its own good . Still , it 's a mild shock to see a competent film released in the January trough .
Portman , far more dimensional than the genre norm , makes the film almost feel real and relatable . Again , I stress , almost .
Portman is radiantly awesome throughout the film , but , in a big surprise for me , she is n't the only reason to go see No Strings Attached .
-LSB- Ashton Kutcher -RSB- is not a horrible actor by any means - he just seems to suffer from a bad case of Nick Cage-icitis whenever he picks his films . It appears , for once , he has finally taken his medicine .
No matter how sweet and good-looking and likeable they may be , the bottom line remains : You know what 's going to happen from the very beginning .
Attractive but laugh-deficient romantic comedy of two young people in L.A. trying to maintain a friends-with-benefits relationship .
Sexy romcom is cliched but surprisingly sweet .
Former king of rude comedy Ivan Reitman does n't get his money 's worth for the R rating ... ... it 's about a fifth of the raunch the Judd Apatow crew gets away with .
Lust on the installment plan in a strangely conceived grossout family values romance , and where Natalie gets to be the sexed up guy to Ashton 's meek infatuated girly man . Black Swan corners her Lovesick Blues prey , in no way coincidentally named Adam .
-LSB- Reitman -RSB- has opted to make what a friend of a friend told him a Judd Apatow romantic comedy was supposed to be .
Our Oscar princess Natalie is a naughty naughty girl !
`` No Strings Attached '' is the first fun date movie of the year . The first fun movie , actually .
Portman 's intelligence and warmth are no surprise , but I did n't expect to like Kutcher , who stunk up the screen in `` Killers '' and `` Spread . ''
The movie quickly sinks into a terminal case of the cutes and extreme predictability - amid the usual surfeit of wacky supporting characters .
`` No Strings Attached '' is beyond formulaic .
No Strings Attached at least is n't lazy , but its brand of unimaginative overkill may be something worse .
A witless albeit sexy romcom that 's often contrived , sophomoric , overstuffed and low on palpable chemistry . It 's far from a modern-day classic , but Natalie Portman sure does sizzle .
I ca n't shake the feeling that each of the romantic leads of No Strings Attached would be better off without the other .
After the intensity of `` Black Swan , '' it 's sort of jarring to see Portman in something as vapid and and inconsequential as this . Kutcher ? It 's not quite so jarring .
The on-screen lovers in question -- and the actors portraying them -- have a heck of a lot of chemistry , not only with each other but with an ensemble of sparklingly written and well-cast supporting players .
There are humorous moments , and it 's a bit less bland than its contemporaries .
Surprisingly , these beyond-gorgeous celebs do n't register any heat . At all .
Sadly , an obsession with raunchy one-liners trips everything up , turning a clever conceit into something closer to a sleazy , cheesy affair .
It takes a gimmicky premise , about two people who try to have a purely sexual relationship , and then fulfills it without distorting or bending the characters around a formula .
There 's plenty to like about No Strings Attached , enough that you 'll wish it had been done better .
It 's a godsend in the January movie wasteland .
You can see where No Strings Attached is heading before it gets there , but it 's still a pleasant enough and surprisingly romantic ride .
The movie offers precious little that has n't been done to death in romantic comedies by now . It 's a formulaic piece of fluff enlivened by star chemistry .
The movie goes from breezy and sporadically funny to plodding and dour , and even Portman 's performance loses a bit of its spark .
After the heavy dramatic lifting of Black Swan , you ca n't fault Oscar favorite Natalie Portman for signing up for some romcom R&R . It 's too bad she could n't have landed a less generic vehicle than No Strings Attached .
What elevates No Strings Attached above the average -LRB- usually awful -RRB- romantic comedy is a decent script , the sure hand of veteran director Ivan Reitman and the likeable performances of stars Portman and Kutcher .
It 's a smart , sexy romcom that turns the neat trick of staying sweetly human .
Portman will get past this speed bump with well-earned swiftness . The affable Kutcher , however , seems stuck in a cycle of depressingly empty comedies .
Director Ivan Reitman and the cast do what they can with the material , but it 's hard to tell what `` No Strings Attached '' is trying to be .
Much of Elizabeth Meriweather 's dialogue is snappy , and `` No Strings Attached '' - though overlong - is mostly painless .
A comic look at hooking up and the ideal of just having fun .
Kutcher and Portman have terrific screen physics , using their 12-inch height difference to considerable slapstick effect .
It does n't hurt that Portman and Kutcher really are sexy together .
Rom-com writers of America , you 're going to have to step up your game .
I 'm not sure what Reitman 's doing fixating on the genital action of twentysomethings , but if there was ever a reason to root against the upcoming -LRB- maybe -RRB- Ghostbusters 3 , this movie proves the filmmaker is out of creative gas .
No Strings Attached is n't a bad piece of formulaic product . Until its endless final act , Elizabeth Meriwether 's script and Ivan Reitman 's old-hand direction keep the scenes moving briskly ...
a comedy made for fans of Adam Sandler , not for fans of Adam 's Rib .
Poor Natalie Portman - she survives the horrors of `` Black Swan , '' only to find herself in an Ashton Kutcher movie .
It is hard to escape the feeling that Mr. Reitman shot six or seven movies and then went into the editing room blindfolded to splice them all together .
Nearly all the performers here seem to be having a good time , and their easy-going congeniality keeps the movie putting along , even through some extremely rough patches .
About the best thing that can be said for the film is that Portman and Kutcher have just enough chemistry to make its premise work .
Meriwether packs the movie with enjoyably odd supporting characters and amusing gags , and Reitman knows what to do with those .
A hedging , conservative romantic comedy directed with generational bafflement by Ghostbusters ' Ivan Reitman .
A more interesting actor could make do with those , but Kutcher just does n't seem to fill up a leading role , especially when acting opposite the nuanced likes of Portman .
Anyone still doubting Natalie Portman 's inevitable Oscar for Black Swan should take a look at No Strings Attached . The two movies could n't be farther apart on the art scale , and Portman 's roles are about as far as any actor can stretch .
A trite romantic plot is rescued by a reliable stream of clever lines , engaging leads and an array of superior supporting players .
... as Natalie Portman Talks Dirty movies go , the winner and still champion is 2004 's Closer .
Kinda like When Harry Met Sally , just with less friendship , more sex and not much of a story .
Apparently dirty enough to earn an R rating - but not dirty enough to be satisfyingly funny . Thoroughly mediocre , but in a comforting , warm-bath sort of way .
For the romantic comedy audience - those who attend movies of this genre out of a genuine love for this sort of thing - No Strings Attached delivers what it promises .
Even though No Strings Attached is the sort of movie in which you know exactly how things will turn out five minutes into the story , it makes the predictable journey surprisingly fun and enjoyable .
Here is a titillating sex romp in 2011 , when the very words titillating and romp have outlasted their shelf lives . The movie is rated R , but it 's the most watery R I 've seen . It 's more of a PG-13 playing dress-up .
No Strings Attached is not a great film , but it 's painless and even , thanks to the largely likable cast , occasionally pretty good . And in this genre , that 's enough of an edge to stand out .
A handful of laughs and sweet moments ca n't make up for banal storytelling and actors who deserve more but have to settle for less .
That these amorous proceedings adhere to genre conventions is n't nearly as problematic as the film 's strained outrageousness and all-around sloppiness .
Portman proves game for just about anything here , the raunchier the funnier .
Portman is herself partly to blame . Nobody with an upwardly mobile career who is suddenly being taken seriously should co-star in a movie with Ashton Kutcher .
Letting the tension evolve naturally from the insecurities of relatable , well-developed figures would have been preferable , but once Kutcher 's character goes all soft and gooey , the movie does too .
At times , No Strings Attached feels almost shockingly attuned to the particular angst of its time and place .
A nice sense of comedic background detail and the winning chemistry of stars Natalie Portman and Ashton Kutcher power No Strings Attached .
Predictable , cutesy and nowhere near hot-blooded enough for a story about two friends with benefits who ca n't keep their hands off one another .
This genial if overlong romantic comedy bounces along on a steady stream of amusing moments , even as it presents the most polished and predictable version of a scenario that cries out for greater verbal and visual candor .

@highlight

It benefits from the presence of Natalie Portman and director Ivan Reitman 's steady hand , but No Strings Attached does n't have the courage or conviction to follow through on its ribald premise .