A tremendously powerful historical documentary ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
a new and uniquely disturbing perspective on the Shoah
Riveting , scary , and significant , Film Unfinished contrasts invaluable footage of agit-prop Nazi feature with the reaction of Warsaw Gehtto survivors to that footage and testimonies of the real life thee .
Painful , eye-opening , and extraordinarily necessary to view , especially by the young to whom the Holocaust is nowadays too abstract a notion to fully mentally envision in all of its grotesqueness
A heartbreaking but engrossing detective story that not only shines a light on Nazi evil but on the manipulative prowess of the Third Reich .
The more it strips itself to the evidence ... the more devastating and affecting the portrait becomes .
An electrifying essay on film 's ability to falsify history .
Filmmaker Yael Hersonski reshapes the impossibly vile and tragic source material into a devastating record of Nazi criminality .
... a very powerful documentary and first feature by Yael Hersonski .
Hersonski brings something both old and new to the table with this powerful 89-minute documentary . Other strengths are the well-written narration read by Rona Keenan and the haunting original music of composer Yishai Adar .
A Film Unfinished is a sort of ghost story . It 's guaranteed to haunt you .
Examination of Nazi inhumanity by an Israeli director on record as opposing Zionist inhumanity .
It 's impossible to watch A Film Unfinished and not feel haunted by the restless ghosts of history and those who tried -- and failed -- to use film to tell a lie .
... analysis , clarification and a counterbalancing - if not outright refutation - of the persistent , nasty myth of Jewish collaboration in the Holocaust .
Yael Hersonski 's documentary is infuriating , heartbreaking , devastating -- and scary . It depicts a lie upon a lie .
Yael Hersonski 's A Film Unfinished reclaims history , teaches a lesson about the reliability of images and raises unanswerable questions about complicity .
Moviegoers have witnessed dozens of depictions of these events over the years , but here we can see what it 's like to view them with the eyes of real experience .
A searing expose of the brutality of the Nazi regime ironically made by the perpetrators themselves , and a subtle examination of the process and purpose that lay behind it .
The title also refers to Hersonski 's own picture , part of a continuing saga that will never be finished as long as there are more Holocaust stories to expose .
A remarkable new documentary that reminds us of film 's inherent capacity for lying .
A Film Unfinished reminds you that the nightmare of the Holocaust knows no limits .
A flawed but hard-to-shake doc of one of mankind 's greatest acts of inhumanity
You look into the faces of these doomed souls and you see eternity -- and not the pretty , heavenly kind .
The movie feels both ill-advised with its Errol Morris-like recreations of those German filmmakers who were commissioned to make an anti-Semitic `` documentary '' and absolutely necessary as it examines Hitler 's insecurity about his own decisions .
Discovered after the war , the film contains horrific images of starvation , poverty and humiliation , interspersed with surreal scenes of well-dressed Jews enjoying a restaurant dinner or an urban stroll .
A Film Unfinished is a profoundly unnerving historical document .
For serious Holocaust junkies only .
What we are left with is perhaps one of the most disturbing 60 minutes of raw footage ever put together .
An important historical document of a phony historical document . Truly unforgettable .
There are literally dozens of documentaries about the Warsaw Ghetto , but A Film Unfinished is unique in a very horrible way .
The result is a harrowing , unsettling journey -- a terribly moving document .
A Film Unfinished may not be the strangest making-of documentary you 've ever seen . It may , however , be the most affecting .
The reconstructed film and Hersonski 's filling and framing devices are a worthwhile social artifact and a reminder of the lengths the Nazis went to to deflect the world 's attention from their real intent : genocide .
Hersonski not only dispels the big lie at the center of the Nazi footage but she ingeniously separates and identifies the many smaller lies and where they entwined with facts .
What we 're seeing is n't the aftermath of an extermination plot , as in the post-liberation concentration camp films , but the dehumanization process itself .
Some realities even the best propagandists ca n't spin .
To see the images of the inhabitants of the Warsaw Ghetto , the look of terror in their faces and the bodies of the dead randomly strewn about , is a gut wrenching experience .
It is a privileged experience to watch A Film Unfinished . There is no other historical document like it but , of course , its lasting value is as a human document .
The Nazis ' infatuation with documentation is visible everywhere in A Film Unfinished , as German soldiers grab residents ' arms or push them along in the street , as starving children sit on curbs and adults hurry along sidewalks .
The imperatives of history are manifold , and this film is among the most urgent of them .
Hersonski has done Holocaust scholarship a great favor . Just when we thought there were no new twists to the story of the Warsaw Ghetto comes this documentary : focused , sorrowful and revelatory .
While much of A Film Unfinished is a fairly dry presentation of primarily historical interest , the reminiscences of the survivors give it a deeper human dimension .
What sets Hersonski 's film apart from many other films on the Holocaust is its study of the Nazis themselves
A Film Unfinished is affecting as a rare document of a terrible place and time , and those who lived there .
Historical rather than cinematic , ` A Film Unfinished ' is not entended to be entertainment .
There is only about an hour of it , but around it filmmaker Yael Hersonski has built a striking feature .
Extremely unsettling and thought - provoking .
Think what Hannah Arendt could have made of this footage ? Typical of contemporary advocacy journalism , Hersonski does n't know what to do with this outrageous material except show it .
Powerful warning with universal message-movies lie . Without memory and context , we forget the truth and believe what we see . Meticulously detailed , overwhelmingly emotional .
It will test your faith in humanity , but Hersonski 's film is nonetheless a brilliant reminder of the importance of bearing witness .
Moving , mysterious and intellectually provocative , A Film Unfinished positions familiar Holocaust horrors -LRB- the R rating was unsuccessfully contested -RRB- within a philosophical commentary on the way we view images .
The artificial look of the added footage , counterpointed by the commentary of inmates and survivors , only underscores the unending shock of the film 's unadulterated images , even though we have seen them in other Shoah documentaries .
Takes the whitewash off this propaganda , refuting it on an almost scene-by-scene basis ... this film is like a strong detective story .
It becomes a meditation on the dual nature of film , on a `` reality '' at once true and false , essential and tainted .
That Hersonski 's grandmother was a Warsaw Ghetto survivor gives her film a deeply personal edge . That she coolly and convincingly extracts truth from propaganda makes her truly revelatory A Film Unfinished all the more important and compelling .
Yael Hersonski is no less a shrewd manipulator than the German directors she set out to expose .
Hersonski has done what could tastefully be done with such staggering and mysterious material . It does not make for a light evening at the movies .
Hersonski quietly and insistently unravels reality from `` reality '' ; her commitment to archival authenticity is its own tribute to those no longer able to testify .
Though sad , solemn and respectful , there is also a joyous sense of justice that closes out Hersonski 's remarkable movie .
A documentary record of the ghastly conditions existing in the Nazi-occupied Warsaw Ghetto in 1942 .
It stands as a unique film-within-a-film , of significance for the historical value of the raw images , the memories they spur and internal evidence of how the Nazis staged scenes long assumed to be real .
A film that not only oozes a harsh reality never before seen , but also reveals the all-too-easy `` cinematic deception '' of film , reminding us that image does n't necessarily equal truth .
Harrowing Nazi footage of the Warsaw ghetto is made to reveal more than its makers intended in this historically invaluable doc .


@highlight

A heartbreaking , haunting historical document , A Film Unfinished excavates particularly horrible chapter of Holocaust history , and in doing so , the film provides a glimpse into the Nazi propaganda machine .