It is a film full of jagged edges , but one that is sincere and beguiling at its core .
-LSB- Jams -RSB- together not two but three separate genres that probably should have remained that way .
Syrupy drama -- not much here for kids .
In an extremely strange genre combo , inner city gross out comedy meets evangelical passion play in Diary Of A Mad Black Woman .
What ruins this revenge flick is Madea 's boorish , bull in the china store act reminiscent of the sassy black woman stereotype popularized by Sanford and Son 's Aunt Esther . Loud and ignorant , Medea tends to trivialize every scene .
A satisfying end , but it takes a lot of work -- and a lot of suspended disbelief -- to get there .
This bizarre movie is many things -- a celebration of Christian values , a drag act , a drug plunge , a soap opera , a sitcom revenge fantasy .
As a comedy this movie works . As a love story , the movie contains no sparks . The dialogue is stilted and unnatural , which belittles the drama .
This is a film that 's gone way beyond the realm of bad , past disaster . This one 's in the area of all-time grand mistakes .
This movie really touched upon an aspect of black life that we can all identify with . More realistic then all of these ghettofied movies that have been presented as representation of black life previously .
The story begins with a situation so artificial you ca n't believe it was ever put down on paper , let alone filmed , then goes on to become even more contrived .
... a passion play with a guy in drag -LRB- who could ask for anything more ? -RRB- ...
What works in the theater does n't always work in the movies . Part of the problem , as mentioned , is with the broadness of the material . But it does n't help that the script relies way too much on syrupy voiceovers .
Blandly directed and dramatically shameless .
Perry 's writing is dramaturgy of the most primitive kind , with melodramatic situations , tons of woozy sentiment , and humor which might be described as ` lowbrow , ' were that not probably too elevated a term for it .
the film 's dramatic components are just as outrageous as its comedic moments
It 's never less than watchable , a bizarre hybrid that somehow works as a whole , even though its various components do n't mesh .
It 's a cheap melodrama that presses all the right sentimental buttons .
Madea is a way to model a raucous , powerful , but still jokey mad woman-ness for Helen .
Helen 's chaste swain wants intimacy , not sex . C'mon - even Baptists are interested in sex . They just do n't do it standing up , because someone might think they were dancing .
It must be a hoot when performed live . But it only works in spurts on screen .
it 's funny enough to overcome the cliches , and sweet enough to make those cliches feel warm and fuzzy
Sloppy , insipid mishmash of female empowerment , Christian thought and gun-and-weed jokes is an early front-runner for Worst Film of 2005 .
Like Perry 's acting , the movie swings from manic comedy to quiet drama in a heartbeat .
The humor is so cartoonish that it 's impossible to take the `` serious '' content as being representative of anything remotely real .
Selling the gospel with flatulence , horny old men , penis-size jokes , vengeful wronged women , outrageous drag queen grandmas and drug humor apparently pays pretty darned well .
A mess .
A romantic and righteous - but also schizoid - movie .
Spits in the face of all pretexts to artistry , to craftsmanship , to simple good taste .
Diary of a Mad Black Woman is a shambling affair .
Talk about mixed messages . Here 's a cruel , mean-spirited movie that 's supposed to have a Christian theme .
The film strains to be funny just as hard as the audience strains to stay awake .
I 'm at a loss to explain anything about this film .
The audience is whooping and hollering , basically having the gayest old time imaginable , and you sit there in utter disbelief , horrified anyone of even remotely sound mind is enjoying themselves .
So many disparate pieces can not be forced into cohesion .
Much of the plot is either corny , ridiculous or derivative .
Here is a brand new genre : A black-Christian romantic revenge comedy . It does n't quite work , but Tyler Perry is a jewel .
Perry does n't have any delusions of artistry , and potentially , at least , that 's refreshing . But any points he earns for lack of pretense are immediately gobbled up by his lack of subtlety .
A would-be feminist farce that will leave you slackjawed at its incompetence .
There 's an audience for this schizophrenic movie , without question , but that does n't make it any better .
A crudely made hodgepodge of rank clichés that veers between shrill melodrama , glossy soap opera , and broad , sitcom-level comedy .
Perhaps the juxtaposition of slapstick comedy and stark drama somehow works on stage , but it 's jarringly off-putting on film .
The quality of mercy is a little strained .
Raucous and overwrought , the movie is still a hoot to watch and even more fun to talk back to .
The material comes off as a serious miscalculation in Perry and director Darren Grant 's film adaptation .
This peculiar and none-too-felicitous mix of Bible-thumping , heartstring-jerking and man-bashing never finds its tone , careening wildly from slapstick comedy to soapy melodrama .
Stay clear of this mess .
There 's nothing real or even funny in Perry 's performance ; all padding and crude makeup , he shouts every line as if he 's still playing to the upper balcony in a rundown Masonic Hall .
Tries to be every single movie ever made all at once , leaving the viewer with the emotional equivalent of whiplash .
The low comedy and high melodrama , with a touch of inspiration , do n't blend easily , and here the match seems forced .
Be forewarned that writer/actor Tyler Perry 's cross-dressing turn as same only accounts for a meager portion of this cynical exercise in manipulation .
Those who are n't already converts to Perry 's dramaturgy will wonder what elevates this material above , say , a typical episode of ' 227 . '
It 's an unusual mix of vulgarity and piety .
Darren Grant , a music vid guy making his feature debut , presents it all in a smooth , elegant package that almost disguises the fact that what we 're watching is the narrative equivalent of an eight-ring circus .
One is left with the sense that while Perry has captured certain truths about human experience , he undermines himself by ignoring psychological detail in favor of big gestures and simplistic explanations .
It turns on a dime from scenes of maudlin sentimentality to manic slapstick , then turns on another dime to trite Christian moralizing .
While the movie fills a much-needed niche in the lily-white Hallmark movie department , this clunky , borderline-amateur directorial effort from music-video veteran Darren Grant simply does n't do justice to the material . In fact , it 's downright awful .
The whole thing is a melodrama ; there 's nothing fatally wrong with that . But the set-ups are so easy and obvious , the humor so broad and the characters such one-dimensional stereotypes that the drama is laughable .
Diary of a Mad Black Woman is directed by Darren Grant , who is unable to wrangle all of Perry 's attempts to entertain -- or pander to -- his audience into anything resembling a satisfying movie .
The film itself is a touch insane , veering from comedy to cornball melodrama -LRB- and torture ! -RRB- with such startling alacrity that viewers might laugh and not know if they 're supposed to .
In an awkward split-personality way , it works some of the time .
The trash-talkin ' Madea stuff is raunchy and fun -LRB- if you 're not over that gag by now -RRB- , but it 's totally out of place within the high melodrama that bookends it .
This is n't a situation in which the right hand does n't know what the left is doing . It 's more like they 're not even part of the same body .
Some of these problems stem from the film 's leap from a theatrical production 's play-to-the-rafters bigness to the screen 's demands for something more finessed . There 's not a lot of nuance here .
Half inspired and half eye-rollingly terrible .
The primary irritant here is Perry , whose performance is the cinematic equivalent of listening to fingernails scrape a chalkboard for two hours .
Rather sloppily blends melodrama and spiritual uplift with crass comedy , sometimes in the same scene .
Nobody in the movie seems to know quite what sentiment he or she should be channeling at any given moment .
Blows to the head are delivered with more subtlety than the message of Diary of a Mad Black Woman .
I 've been reviewing movies for a long time , and I ca n't think of one that more dramatically shoots itself in the foot .
Dear Diary , I want to see a better movie than this one , signed an annoyed film critic woman .
Some may question the combination of marital drama and madness with earthy slapstick humor but it , surprisingly , works - at times .
Three separate movies collide in this uneven but heartfelt drama .
`` Waiting to Exhale '' crossed with `` Nutty Professor II : The Klumps '' ... laughable , but oddly likeable
I 'm not sure if Diary of a Mad Black Woman is heartfelt or cynical , but if anyone can write a movie that 's both , it 's probably Tyler Perry .
Displays a blind ineptitude on the level of some of the worst films I 've ever seen ... . This movie is an absolute train wreck .
Grant 's broad narrative never quite reaches the subversive tone it 's aiming for so awkwardly . Much is thrown into Diary with the flimsy afterthought of a tossed salad
I 'm not sure if it 's surprising that the film is almost uniformly awful .
Perry 's performance as Madea may have worked onstage , but seems out of place on the screen , even though it 's clear he has a great deal of affection for the character .
First-time director Darren Grant gives each scene its face value , with no attempt to look for the real people and situations beneath the polemic .
Tyler Perry 's movie is so oblivious to genre that it occupies its own special stylistic niche , if you can imagine such a thing as a romantic revenge farce .
Comic relief is often welcome in drama , but these broad caricatures , which draw easy laughter as the minstrel turns they are , destroy the sense of reality that a large and hardworking cast is otherwise striving to create .
A lot of it should n't work -- and does n't -- but even while you 're sitting there , thinking that it ca n't go much farther off track , it manages to be fairly involving .
With tonal shifts so abrupt that they could give you motion sickness , it goes from cheesy soap opera to bad slapstick to gooey romance to mean-spirited farce .
Woman leaves the audience with the burden of maintaining a church-appropriate patience to appreciate the small charms to be found in Perry 's berserk creation .
Mr. Perry 's irrepressible energy and rapid-fire wit bring Robin Williams to mind .
To review Diary of a Mad Black Woman is really to review three different movies , none of which is very good .
A very curious and very entertaining mix , the Labradoodle of inspirational romantic-comedy-melodramas .
The messages are nothing if not mixed . On the one hand , Perry 's script is a pious celebration of Christian charity and patience . On the other ... well , just look at the MPAA rating .
It 's so heartfelt that you 'd have to be a curmudgeon to reject its charms outright , and so artificial you 'd have to be willfully naive to swallow them whole .
Plenty of mad moviegoers will put this in their diaries as one of the worst pictures in ages .
This movie stew -- equal parts farce , drama and sermon -- gives you plenty to chew on but , ultimately , is less than filling .
It becomes clear that the strength of Diary is its refusal to bow to convention .
As is true of so many play adaptations , the theatrically pitched performances do n't work as well on the screen .
Tyler Perry , even if he 's no church-show Peter Sellers , obviously carves out some kind of niche here . Remember , they laughed at Ed Wood . And they 're still laughing at him .
If not for the larger-than-life multitasking by Tyler Perry , Diary of a Mad Black Woman would be just another tedious , over-the-top movie about self-discovery .
Rarely has a movie been such a tonal train wreck ... rather like riding a cinematic roller coaster , and it may well bring on in the viewer the same sort of nausea .
This is ` Big Momma 's House ' meets ` Misery ' meets ` Enough . '
It 's a fractured fairy tale for religious zealots and fart-joke enthusiasts that , in its pious lessons of forgiveness , does the unforgivable by using Christianity as a crutch .
... loudly preach -LRB- es -RRB- Christian values , then turns around to cheer on its wronged-wife heroine as she takes cruel revenge against her -LRB- now crippled and helpless -RRB- husband ...
Well-intentioned , but terribly stereotypical , falling back on the insulting ghetto speak and flabby caricatures that used to populate In Living Color skits .
Not even Tyler Perry in a dress can save this embarrassing mess of a story
Diary is a crock , all right , but a crock made with conviction .
this dismal little potboiler delivers only tedium
Emotionally satisfying -LRB- if a bit simplistic -RRB- , yet Perry dilutes its potency by casting himself in ... sitcom roles .
Diary of A Mad Black Woman has no idea what kind of film it wanted to be , and fails at every genre it tries to tackle .
The film detours into an almost Miike-like torture sequence .
Perry 's Madea is so annoying that about halfway through I was wishing the projector would malfunction .
Watch writer Tyler Perry chew up the scenery in 3 roles .
An awful hybrid of Big Momma 's House and The Burning Bed - two films that go together like peanut butter and pubic lice .
Perry 's film adaptation clearly preaches to the converted while presupposing its TV-sitcom humor will win -LRB- or convert -RRB- new fans .




@highlight

Tyler Perry 's successful play ca n't make the move to the screen ; this mix of slapstick , melodrama and spirituality lacks a consistent tone .