Thankfully , Prom Night 's predictable ending does n't suggest a remake of the original 's 1987 sequel , Hello Mary Lou : Prom Night 2 . No kidding , that 's what it was called .
Though a remake in name only , Prom Night nevertheless improves considerably upon its eponymous predecessor ...
I liked the way in which the teens find ever-more elaborate pretexts to take themselves off , alone , into the darkness to investigate this or that .
This do-over is n't so much an improvement over the original as lousy in a whole new direction , a nearly bloodless slasher film with fewer surprises than a broken jack-in-the-box .
One of the most memorable nights in a teenager 's young life is grist for a pretty unmemorable movie in this tame horror entry that follows conventions to the letter .
PROM NIGHT is a must avoid and is the real reason why studios do n't screen certain movies for critics .
Annoyingly , it 's a rich premise that offers all sorts of possibilities ... yet McCormick does n't appear to be bothered .
Well-dressed , sure , with a few kicks for green teens , but hardly a wild night .
A caffeine-free horror that 's just as dull , disappointing and dispiriting as attending a real high school prom .
By far the worst ` slasher movie ' remake to date , replaying all the clichés , but delivering none of the guilty pleasures .
Corny , monotonous and very far from scary
Bog-standard , unimaginative and oddly bloodless .
Every cheap-scare trick in the genre is deployed , but so feebly that not one of them works .
If early slasher films , as their critics claimed , punished teens for having sex , the new ` Prom Night ' punishes teens for their conspicuous consumption -LRB- stretch limos , hotel suites , and so on -RRB- .
It 's tepid fare with a vacuous cast , particularly when compared with the previous version featuring Jamie Lee Curtis as the scream queen .
While it 's certainly not as atrocious as the likes of `` One Missed Call , '' it 's certainly one of the worst of 2008 , so far ...
This movie accomplishes the impossible : It makes you disappointed not to be disappointed by a disappointing twist ending .
There 's no need to wear a corsage to Prom Night . And leaving your higher brain functions at home might be a good idea , too .
Tedious slasher flick is both gory and boring .
It 's a PG-13 slasher picture . This means the results are vaguely on par with having sex through a blanket .
Director Nelson McCormick has assembled a fairly valuable compendium of almost every kind of false scare known to exist .
The 1980 Prom Night was by no means a masterpiece , yet it begs the question of the remake : If you 're going to make a slasher movie and you take out all the actual slashing , what else is left ?
Snow makes an appealing lead but the movie is a routine slice em up thriller
Rates a solid C.
Calling it a great , or even a good , movie would be a mistake , but as genre programmers go , it mostly gets the job done .
A bland , timid and thoroughly un-thrilling teen thriller .
Even for the low expectations of this genre , Prom Night is gob-smackingly stupid .
There 's absolutely zippo to fear about this movie , unless you 're the kind of person who jumps when formula bogeymen do exactly what you 'd expect them to do .
There 's no suspense or perversity . You do n't care who lives or who dies -- just please make it soon .
There 's nothing scary in there , but here 's a shudder-inducing fact : McCormick and Cardone are currently collaborating on a remake of the witty and nearly perfect 1987 thriller , The Stepfather .
For a film about erotomania , Prom Night is a curiously flaccid affair .
We 're one box office weekend away from a remake of Leprechaun .
This date is a dud .
About as spine-tingling as an algebra exam .
The teen-friendly rating may be good for business , but it saps the film of much of its power to shock . Take away the shock and there 's not much left to work with .
Often , fanboys offended by an unsolicited remake of an adored film say `` Why do n't they remake a bad movie ? '' Well , they have remade a bad movie , and the result is a worse movie .
A stalk-and-slash horror movie with precious few slashes , the PG-13-rated Prom Night is a tame , by-the-numbers affair without surprises or a point of any kind .
Amazingly bad . To call Prom Night a horror movie is to call chewing gum a cheeseburger .
Prom Night boils down to an obsessed maniac -LRB- Johnathon Schaech -RRB- on the loose with a knife and a disappointingly routine , matter-of-fact plot that just does n't cut it .
It 's a bore , even taking into account unintentional moments of humor that resulted in audience members jeering . This is a case study for Filmmaking Ineptitude 101 .
There 's really nothing much to Prom Night : No twists , no atmosphere , no big Grand Guignol setpieces , not a single moment when it tries to do something novel with the event , the killings , the villain , or the victims .
So soul-crushingly vapid it makes one hate high school all over again .
A dishwater-dull remake whose occasional scares will thrill the slumber-party crowd but barely wake up the true horror fan .
For being such a raging cliche , I was surprised at the fact that I really did n't get that bored with it .
Prom night is a night you 're supposed to treasure , or at least remember ` forever . ' This one is forgotten by the time you throw your empty popcorn bucket into the trash cans conveniently located near the exits on your way out .
This may not be one of the worst films of all time -- that 's a pretty tough list to crack . But it is definitely one of the stupidest .
What do you call a slasher movie with no slashing ? Dull , for starters .
For the talent behind the 2008 remake to have created a movie that 's completely different and yet even stupider than the original has to represent some kind of achievement .
A surprisingly effective teen-skewing thriller that soft-pedals graphic violence -LRB- in marked contrast to the R-rated 1980 original -RRB- while generating a fair degree of suspense .
An absolutely awful remake of an eighties teen slasher flick that was n't any good to begin with ... resolutely dumb , dull and predictable .
Formulaic to the core .
The movie is bad in the usual ways and at approximately the usual level . I ca n't quite muster the energy to hate it .
File Prom Night with those thrillers that make you root for the killer rather than the victims , so annoying and vacuous are the picture 's stars
Another pointless remake of a 1980 's slasher film , Prom Night does n't exactly make the grade .
Look . Let 's just toss some pig 's blood on this baby and call it a day .
The new Prom Night is insistently lifeless , which I think is worse than simply being awful . At least awful has some personality to it ... the defanged slasher movement once again lays a rotten egg .
Outside of a brief clip from `` Ca n't Hardly Wait , '' there is absolutely nothing in `` Prom Night '' that is even remotely scary .
It 's tough to be terrified by -LSB- Schaech 's -RSB- absurdly methodical pursuit of Donna 's friends , who he has no reason to kill besides maybe coveting their seats at the lunch table .
A snappy teen movie that 's short and as sharp as the blade bloodied by its distinctively featured psychopathic killer . It 's formulaic and there 's nothing new , mind you , but it 's well done and it is our imaginations that are encouraged to create the horror






@highlight

A dim and predictable remake of an already dull slasher film , this Prom Night fails to be memorable .