This little movie 's got a lot of heart , and it 's a heart that 's unafraid to embrace life 's littlest moments in all its forms .
... genuinely , genially funny and carries a modestly affirming moral : You have to make yourself happy and you have to be able to live with yourself .
Shelly deftly achieves a tone pitched between fantasy and reality , its levity belying an astute and humane study of an unhappy relationship steeped in inertia .
Funny , gentle , unpatronising , if occasionally naive and quirky .
Essentially a king-size serving of sitcom
Adrienne Shelly 's lasting legacy is this exquisite , engaging film about slices of life , Keri Russell 's luminosity , an unhurried narrative , Andy Griffith 's codger delighting in schadenfreude and even Jeremy Sisto making his abhorrent character relatable .
Allergic as I am to quirkiness , I was won over
... Fillion offers up an endlessly charismatic performance ...
The film is hardly flawless - even the pie-baking scenes sometimes seem half-baked - but it 's hard not to read promise into every frame , and to wonder what Shelly might have cooked up in the future .
Adrienne Shelly 's last piece has all the right ingredients .
full of whiney characters that eventually make the right decisions only after an unprecedented amount of hand-wringing
It 's a love letter of the first degree , the kind that rises out of trepidation and confusion , almost by accident , with a sudden force of absolute clarity .
Waitress is a beautiful and poignant swan song for what should have been the vanguard of a blossoming career .
Keri Russell sparkles in this story about a piemaker who longs for something more filling .
Waitress combines quirky humour with an added and enhanced sense of emotional truth .
Completely inauthentic in every detail -- the cinematic equivalent of an apple pie from Perkins .
Despite Shelly 's twist of disturbing fate , WAITRESS will be a memorialized nod of a little gem of a film that delivered a slice of pie to our hungry , entertaining expectations
I dare you to sit through Waitress and not fall for Russell.Her face is open like a baby 's and sculpted like a goddess ' .
It 's a small movie set in a small town , and features actors who were most famous for parts on the small screen . And it also just happens to be one of the more entertaining movies of the year .
Nothing can distract from the inherent joy of experiencing this undeniably tasty creation .
Waitress is not a perfectly cut , factory-line Safeway-brand slice . It does , though , serve up a generous deep-dish portion , homemade and heartfelt , that leaves a sweet taste goes down .
Its almost-bedtime-story delivery heightens its design as a parable about finding focus and clarity after enduring much chaos and wading through the mud .
Adrienne Shelly 's promising career was cut short when she was murdered in her Manhattan apartment by an illegal alien . At the time of her death , she was completing this engaging dramedy which she had written , directed and co-starred in as well .
A rare girl homage to sassy , savory and self-effacing Southern women .
It runs a little longer than it needs to , but the final product is just like one of Jenna 's pies : light , sweet and with the smallest hint of tartness .
A tender memoir in spite of the caveats that nearly drag this down into made for television hokum ...
Indie tackles tough topics but is as sweet as pie .
The sunniness of its tone is so disarming that it keeps you onside no matter what .
Impossible relationships are the focus of Waitress , a wonderfully quirky film about pies , lies and happiness
It is the work of a brilliant humanist .
The conclusion is satisfying and even a little surprising , as Russell proves a delightful leading lady , and Andy Griffith almost steals the show .
This is a good-natured , whimsical comedy , as American as mom 's apple pie , though there are some cloves baked in to temper the sweetness .
no amount of quality service can cover up a slice of life that has been so overbaked .
The pies themselves , produced in all the colours of a rainbow - look disgustingly plastic .
As Shelly 's unintended epitaph , it 's a warm-hearted charmer , filled with hope , served with love .
You need a hard stomach sometimes in American romcoms . Equally , though , you 'd need a hard heart not to love the good humour , good intentions and grace-of-style of Adrienne Shelly 's farewell film .
You 've heard of My Big Fat Greek Wedding . This is My Big Thin White Abusive Marriage .
If you enjoy kooky romantic comedies , go see Waitress .
Despite the fairy-tale manipulation , it 's hard not to be moved .
Waitress is going to appeal more to women than men , with most of the blokes portrayed as a bit useless .
Sweet-tasting without being too sickly , though at 104 minutes , a smaller portion might have gone down better .
Waitress is n't perfect , but it has sincerity and warmth , and feels like a labour of love - which is more than can be said of any other movie this week .
Despite getting off to a good start with an entertaining premise , Waitress ultimately promises more than it delivers , thanks to its less than satisfying final act , a predictably syrupy feel-good finale that the film could well have done without .
A stylised indie chick-flick , Waitress gets itself into a tonal puree but still offers flavoursome pleasures and full-on food-porn visuals . A funny and touching testament to Shelly 's multi-talent - savour it .
A simple tale of a girl 's determination to dig through the bitterness , and find a layer of sweetness just waiting to be enjoyed .
An unassuming treat amid the noisy blockbuster season . It 'll melt your heart and any dietary resolve equally .
Sharply written , sweetly acted indie drama that 's laced with an extra layer of sadness due to the tragic death of writer-director Adrienne Shelly .
A damn good movie pie .
One-liners like that come thick and fast in this bittersweet , whistle-stop romp , with Shelly almost always managing to undercut her syrup with something more stringent .
It 's the audience that is in for a tasty treat .
Irreverently funny , with a cast of characters that go together like homemade pie and ice cream .
Shelly 's film -LRB- regrettably her last -RRB- may be a fine folly for foodies . But as a fable of female empowerment , it seriously lacks flavor .
Shelly astutely examines mother-daughter issues , keeping us laughing before delivering her emotional gut-punch of a finale .
A brilliantly written , acted and directed romantic comedy that is funny , insightful , heartwarming , original and highly satisfying .
... just another in a growing list of recent films where all the women are wonderful , understanding , and long-suffering while the men are louts .
Tells about bad marriages and life disappointments .
If you recall the long-running TV series `` Alice , '' you 'll pretty much be revisiting familiar territory . Sadly , though , no one belts out , ` Kiss my grits . '
Whether or not one should take one 's significant other to see it is questionable , because the character of Earl will put a damper on the romance to follow . Still % u2026
Shelly pens dialogue that has both sass and a down home country matter of factness . She conveys the camaraderie amongst the women with warmth and humor .
... it 's appeal outweighs its flaws ...
we 're left with a moral message that it 's OK to cheat on your partner as long as they 're boring , brainless or vegetative
A young filmmaker whose life met a tragic end has served up what is bound to be one of the most sumptuous movies of the year .
-LSB- Writer-director Shelly 's -RSB- characters are at the same time comfortably familiar and unpredictable . Her script is big-hearted and life-embracing , but still unsentimental .
Artistry and motherhood merge - dreamily and lusciously . Food has rarely been photographed as lovingly as it is here , or written about as lyrically .
Adrienne Shelly has borrowed from her Jenna and taken familiar sitcom ingredients to fashion her own special dessert treat .
Even with its flaws , WAITRESS is a fitting tribute to the quirky independent spirit that Shelly brought to so many projects . It also hints at what might have been and that makes it all the more heartbreaking .
Waitress combines the sensuality of food-as-love flicks Like Water For Chocolate and Chocolat with Scorsese 's diner classic , Alice Does n't Live Here Anymore .
A quirky comedy with emotional impact . One of my favorite genres actually . Tight direction , strong dialogue , good acting . Imagine the Coen brothers at Mel 's Diner .
Earl has to die . Or maybe not .
A lot like its heroine 's humorously named pie creations -- just different enough to be distinctive , but not different enough to be anything other than pie .
Keri Russell is excellent . Not every actor can play a would-be mother who does n't want her child and still have us firmly on her side .
Shelly 's sharp take on a pregnant woman 's inner misgivings keeps Waitress from delving into the muck of overly sentimental romantic comedies .
Order up a slice of the best pie this side of heaven , and enjoy a nice movie of bittersweet satisfaction .
In Waitress , the late writer-director Adrienne Shelly crafted a highly entertaining yet poignant film featuring a complex heroine .
Writer-director-co-star Adrienne Shelly and her talented co-workers serve many charming scenes in Waitress .
Where Shelly excels is in her ability to dig beneath sitcom scenarios and focus on some hard truths that all too often define one 's choices in life .
Like a healthy slice of pie , it is meant to be savored .
Waitress has some unexpected twists and turns and features some refreshingly offbeat humor , as well as terrific performances by its cast .
Watching ` Waitress , ' we can believe Shelly herself was a ` queen of kindness and goodness , ' and we can be thankful she left us such a fine film .
This bittersweet romantic farce teeters and then tips into precious , a forgivable sin once you know this sweet movie 's sad history .
Waitress exists in a fictional film universe that many movies strive for but few actually reach , where slightly off-kilter characters are dropped into bizarre circumstances and the whole thing feels far from contrived .
In the pantheon of forced quirk , no American indie tried as hard to be different as Garden State , but Waitress is surely in the same ballpark .
Writer/director Adrienne Shelly 's `` Waitress '' serves up a slice of movietime heaven .
a lovely , bittersweet parting gift
Waitress is exclusively about the female point of view which is quite refreshing .
It has a feeling of ... I do n't want to say secret insight about the experience of being a woman , but ... the experience of half the human race is ... so often simply not within the purview of the male-type people who make the vast majority of movies .
Using a style that faintly echoes Hartley 's , Shelly beautifully balances deadpan humor , pathos and heartbreakingly lovely moments of happy truth .
A delicious little movie that will have you savoring every tasty morsel .
Truly scrumptious !
Inconsistent overtones lean precariously close to cute yet manage to surge both poignant and wistful .
Bittersweet , lovely , sad , funny - and then we begin to mourn Adrienne Shelly 's candle , snuffed too soon . A good bet for your dollar .
While Shelly 's film trades in an especially outrageous form of girl-movie self-consciousness , she 's completely sincere when it comes to making her heroine the irresistible repository of our sympathies .
This is an ensemble piece in which everyone is allowed to shine .
Russell is the magic ingredient that holds all this together .
Waitress deserves an essay , not just a review . There are perfect moments that stand out , and the reasons for their perfection are interesting .
Waitress has a sneaky way of sorting this all out . It also has an undeniably good heart , and it 's hard to dislike a movie that makes room for a neglected American original like Andy Griffith .
It 's weird to write that a movie chock-full of adultery , stalking , spousal abuse and hatred of the unborn is the feel-good comedy of the summer .
As satisfying and tasty as the pies baked with love -LRB- and sometimes hate , anger and frustration -RRB- by Jenna , a small-town waitress stuck in an abusive marriage .
Waitress is a pastel-coloured fairytale about love and pie-baking . And fresh choices .
Waitress is sweet , uneven and , ultimately , a heartbreaker .
You 'll also walk away with a rekindled admiration for Sisto , a yearning to see Hines do more indie work and a painful pang that director Shelly , who was murdered in Manhattan last year , wo n't be making any more movies this good -- or at all .
So why does it work , at least much of the time ? Because of Russell , and because Shelly 's uneven tone also provides hints at brilliance .
Look , Waitress is no groundbreaker , and it 's not likely to change anyone 's life . But it provides a showcase for Russell , who knows how to make the most of it .
How ironic that woman who was the victim of such bad fortune and terrible cruelty would leave the world such a generous parting gift .
We can only take comfort in the little slice of heaven she left behind .
Waitress is n't a great film , but it is great , deep-dish fun , with a generosity of spirit that extends first to the sisters on the screen and in the audience , then to the rest of humanity .
The movie does n't stand in judgment of its characters , which will probably disappoint audiences who think it ought to , but its breezy tone and ultimately affirming message should please comedy fans with an appreciation for the offbeat .
A celebration of cheating on your spouse .
A light and airy confection , only a bit too sweet and with a few ingredients missing .
Somewhere between the forced Southern quirkiness and the icky obstetrician-patient romance , this touches on something interesting about a woman 's misgivings during pregnancy .
While the luminous Russell finds Jenna 's heartaches and unexpressed sorrows , she also taps into her humor and warmth , particularly in her scenes with the thoroughly ingratiating Fillion ...
has a fun , whimsical side to it -LRB- and lots of scrumptious looking pies -RRB- , but also tackles some heartbreaking issues along the way
Full of verve , warmth , and a genuine love of life , and it is a fitting eulogy to a life cut short .
... a tartly enjoyable slice of romantic comedy served up with a dramatic bite .
A gentle film that never strains for laughs but that gets plenty of them .
Waitress shows Shelly , just 40 when she was killed , to be a filmmaker of poise and promise . It 's tragic that promise was never realized beyond this sweet , if slight , project -- but still a decent tribute to Shelly 's multifaceted abilities .
Heartfelt and intelligent , with a pinch of whimsy .
A blissfully daft ensemble comedy .
Written and directed by the late Adrienne Shelly , it 's a scrumptious romantic comedy , a mostly adorable movie from a witty and winning movie talent whom we lost all too soon .
As a gently fitting requiem for an unspeakable loss , it 's perfect .
The film is n't averse to reaching for Hollywood fantasies , but there 's a lot of what seems to be hard-earned wisdom here about women in bad marriages .
As sweet as the pies that serve as its central gimmick .
Among the joys here are the supporting players , each with well-defined stories and quirky personalities .
The ending is a bigger cheat than a diner charging for coffee refills .
The ending is both realistic and happy -- and I do mean happy , as in , make-you-cry , exit-the-theater-skipping-and-dancing , that kind of happy .
Boasts a distinctive style and tone , but the style is arch and quaint , and the tone too insistently quirky .
A bright , easy to like technicolored comedy that details the simple truths of trying to find happiness when you live in nowheresville and everyone is in your shit .
Though contrived and artificial in ways that do n't always work , the film is also heartfelt and made with genuine affection for its characters , qualities in too short a supply to dismiss .
The pregancy news depresses her , which is exactly the opposite response of women in most chick flicks .
A feminist fairy tale about a woman learning to develop her creative gifts while trapped in a stifling marriage , Waitress does n't need to be subtle or original to hit home .
While Shelly 's stylized vision and sentimental intentions do n't always gel , they do result in a warm , often charming fantasy .
A little frantic , not always sure of where it is headed , nonetheless the film is still a stupendously delicious good time full of laughter , tears , heartbreak and bittersweet chocolate covered strawberry love .
Waitress runs on a bit , but with its strong acting , poignant moments , and fair share of laughs , it has the potential to become a modest hit .
Waitress is finely tuned , assured , wonderfully silly , and every bit as lovely as Shelly was .
It is a bittersweet experience watching the uniquely adorable `` Waitress '' because indie actress Adrienne Shelly , murdered in New York City this past November , has come into her own as a filmmaker with this , her third film .
Washed in a honeyed 1950s glow , Waitress has a mildly puckish way with outlandish baked goods and pert dialogue .
The film is laced with lovely moments , from the leads and from Shelly as a waitress friend .
Waitress is a wee romantic charmer , a delectable Dixie screwball romp that never loses its spry sense of discovery .
Russell delicately maintains Waitress ' mixture of aching drama and bubbly comedy .
Shelly left her daughter -- and her audience -- a wonderful gift , this movie about the transforming effects of motherhood .
Though some aspects feel like a sitcom , Waitress does n't adhere to formula or resort to clichés . It 's a rare chick flick that draws us in with its wit , warmth and quirkily appealing characters .
Waitress would stand on its own as a remarkable achievement if you knew absolutely nothing about the woman who made it .
In the end , Shelly 's script for Waitress has a pleasingly tart undertone that balances out what could have been an overly sugary confection . And she directs with a skill that makes me wish we could look forward to many more films from her .
There no way around it : Russell 's performance is spunky and just about irresistible , no matter how much you hate spunk . It 's hard to imagine Waitress working without her .
Sometimes one really fine performance can save a whole movie , and that 's the case with Waitress .
Waitress is a pleasant dramatic comedy that overcomes its tonal inconsistencies by presenting an engaging lead character with whom its virtually impossible not to empathize .
With Waitress , Adrienne Shelly tamed and shaped realism , finding a perfect , difficult-to-achieve balance of enchantment and plausibility .
Genial and appealing ... Keri Russell essays a heroine that is worth rooting for and caring about .
There are times when the spirit of a movie is enough to get you gliding over its obvious flaws . Waitress , which was directed by the late Adrienne Shelly , is one of those pictures .
It 's actually really sweet and moving .
The movie finds a real hook in Jenna , and a real elegance in its simple , direct message : take look at the choices you 've made , and start making the right ones . Start fresh . It 's never too late .
Mildly quirky and zealously cute .
Shelly 's death makes me want to treat this movie with kid gloves , to root for it , turn it into something more than it is .
Its heart is absolutely in the right place , and it strikes some real emotional truths . It will make you laugh , it might even make you cry , but it definitely will make you hungry .
A longtime indie favorite as an actress , Shelly was really growing as a filmmaker . This is a very good film with a terrific performance from Keri Russell .
There 's something spunky about those pies and there 's something spunky about Waitress in general .
An overstuffed , overcooked pie -- too ungainly to eat all of , too generous to pass up , too heartbreaking to contemplate for long .
This tale of a pregnant small-town woman caught between a bad marriage and a risky affair is mostly as funny and charming as intended .
Good-hearted , well-made comedy that will hopefully lead a broader audience to find the work -LSB- director Shelly -RSB- left behind as her legacy .
It 's the kind of sly , witty independent gem that rolls through every few years , lighting up crowds and forcing men to admit they were wrong when they thought they were being dragged to another chick flick .
Waitress is like a love note to the art of pies . Never before has confectionary goodness looked so deserving of its own museum case . ''
If ` Waitress , ' like ` Alice , ' is sitcomish , then let 's hear it for sitcoms . The pic is a delight from start to finish .
It 's impossible to ignore the tragic fact that last November , at age forty , Shelly was murdered . It is some solace , though , to know that Waitress is her buoyant legacy .
Comedy and tragedy exist side-by-side in this drab little film , suggesting an SNL alum 's reinterpretation of the TV show Alice .
Does what a great romantic comedy should do : steal your heart and send you on your way rejoicing . One of the best films of the year .
A superb turn from Kerri Russell and a strong one from Nathan Fillion compensate for some of the cloying sentiment and Southern condescension of the last film of Adrienne Shelly , whose tragic death last year abrupted the career of a promising artist .
I loved this movie . Loved every last character , twist , kiss , joke and pie found within it .
If Waitress was one of Jenna 's pies , it would be a sky-high lemon meringue -- light , airy , not too sweet , with a tart , satisfying filling .
Casting directors who see Waitress and do n't move Keri Russell and Nathan Fillion far up on their lists should be committed to a lifetime of finding game show contestants .
Waitress is a real actor 's movie , with each part written with great elan to have its own psychology and even its own dialect .
Full of off-kilter characters who do n't talk like anyone in real life , but sound a truthful chord .
Cute , sweet and witty ... it certainly will leave you wanting more and saddened that this was Shelly 's last .

@highlight

Sweet , smart , and quirky , Waitress hits the right , bittersweet notes through this romantic comedy through its witty script and a superb performance by Keri Russell .