Belle is 12 Years a Slave written by Legally Blonde 's Elle Woods : a frothing bonnet-athon that owes more to Jane Austen than it does to William Wilberforce .
Though the story is set up elegantly , by the halfway point it 's obvious where it 's headed and it ploddingly sets about going there .
If Spielberg had commissioned Jane Austen to write the screenplay for Amistad , Belle is pretty much what we would have gotten . It 's a sumptuous period piece reflecting on 18th-century social mores : rank , revenue , and-in this case-race .
With its unique perspective and director Amma Asante 's choice to avoid heavy-handedness , Belle is an effective vehicle for its message .
Still , as an evening 's entertainment and florid romance , `` Belle '' is enjoyable as a period piece of romantic fiction and a case of `` what if . '' Gugu Mbatha-Raw carries the film nicely and Miranda Richardson makes this melodrama fun just with an eye-roll .
Belle succeeds as an effective portrait of a singular young woman understanding her own identity
But in trying to give us a woman to root for -LSB- Amma -RSB- Asante drops twenty-first century characters into the 1700s , taking many liberties with the true story and bludgeoning us with a manipulative score .
Elegant and intelligent , as well as blessed with an enchanting protagonist , Belle is the stuff Oscar dreams are made of . Perhaps , in the case of newcomer Mbatha-Raw and veteran Wilkinson , those dreams may yet come true .
Belle becomes the perfect movie for anyone who loves period romances , but wishes they were a little more diverse .
It is a well-crafted tale that brings humanity to an issue that continues to resonate , even in a time when slavery theoretically does not exist : How do you fit into a society that sees your skin colour first , negating your humanity ?
More or less single-handedly saved by its actors .
Though having the kind of pedestrian pace which often hits British costume dramas -LRB- Keira Knightley 's 2008 film The Duchess excepted -RRB- , Belle is sumptuously filmed and feels relevant .
The teenage Dido Elizabeth Belle is impressively played by Gugu Mbatha-Raw with a tender sensibility and a growing awareness .
The film works as both an intimate character piece and as a broader glimpse into socioeconomic conflicts regarding tolerance and perception .
A finely wrought tale of a woman out of time , a film that plays eloquently upon the heartstrings as it interweaves familiar personal intrigue with stirring social history .
Belle is a frock flick with a difference ... In this costume drama something is actually going on beneath the bonnet .
The direction from Amma Assante is perfectly judged and impeccably paced and the result is a film which is very easy on the eye but has a lot to say for itself .
This inextricable intertwining of love and justice , private and public , personal and political , is the film 's great cri de coeur and its structural brilliance , as costume and courtroom drama comment on , and merge into , each other .
Wonderful true story about a mixed-race woman raised in an aristocratic British family in the late 18th century ; like the best Jane Austen romance with an angry social conscience .
The plot feels like a Jane Austen novel infused with a hot-potato political issue , but this is actually a true story .
Asante 's own work of art is lamentably cautious but does , ultimately , throw up things we have n't seen before . It 's pretty , in other words , but not entirely vacant .
It 's hard to imagine the true story of Britain 's first mixed-race aristocrat being told more elegantly than in this warm and often very funny period piece , which brings a subtle political gravitas to its central fairy-tale romance .
With Belle , Asante has succeeded in making a sweeping costume drama that confronts questions of race and gender head on -- something that Merchant Ivory films rarely managed to do .
A spirited , good-natured and crowd-pleasing costume drama .
An assured rendering of a fascinating true story that gives off sparks of wit and vitality that make it instantly engrossing .
Asante handles this mainstream commercial picture with assurance .
This is disappointingly lifeless , and shallow , and the soundtrack ! So many violins , you 'll leave feeling as if you 've been quite violently smacked around the head with one . Repeatedly .
One of the points of Belle , expressed in its central metaphor of the portrait for which the cousins pose , is that someone is always at risk of being painted out of history . The film paints everyone back in .
Race , love and social politics are deftly handled in Amma Asante 's forcefully-acted feminist period drama .
Belle - while never slipping into fiery polemic - makes its political points solidly , careful to couch its righteous invective in a compelling narrative inspired by a true story .
It 's an inert , pompous , un-cinematic piece of cinema .
Visually drab despite its appealing range of period London scenery , Belle is a well-intentioned but somewhat emotionally stiff drama .
Mbatha-Raw does genuine , star-making work here , saying more with her bright and searching gaze , in a film full of politely glazed barbarism , than Dido 's position at first allows her to put into words .
A good-looking and exceedingly polite film where perhaps a more complex one with less good manners would have been better .
Mbatha-Raw gives a luminous performance , aided by a script that creates a powerful tension between the formality of the language and the passion of the sentiments .
If not a star-making turn , Mbatha-Raw 's tough , tender performances should give her plenty of opportunities in sharper fare .
Belle is n't awful , but it is awfully slow , didactic and far too reliant on Mbatha-Raw 's fine , expressive eyes .
... it does seem obvious that the inherently stirring material could -LRB- and should -RRB- have been employed to much better effect -LRB- ie this is just lifeless , for the most part -RRB- .
Director Amma Asante blends a period romance with an interesting examination of the British slave trade .
Something like ` Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner ' crossed with ` Pride and Prejudice . '
Based on the `` true '' story of an African woman of British nobility and the role she might or might not have played in an historical anti-slavery legal decision .
Belle brings a sharp clarity to a weighty range of issues from race and colonial oppression to the many injustices of a male-dominated society .
Belle does wrestle with a corner of history that most books have avoided . Nonetheless , those are the corners that most worth exploring .
Beautifully Done
A history-based story that both stilted and melodramatic .
`` Belle '' is a wonderfully informative film while being entertaining at the same time .
Belle might be a little too polite at times ; though , it has an intelligence that should even make it appealing to moviegoers who are n't usually keen on corset period dramas .
After the film , I felt like I had been bound in a corset like the one worn by the main character . But that 's not to say the film was n't good . It just is n't my cup of tea .
The movie suggests that in this corseted era , women of all races and backgrounds were traded like commodities . Arguably , this feminist slant de-emphasizes the peculiar horror of slavery ...
It might suffer from a conventional approach and a pat ending , but it 's still a reasonably sturdy period drama , one that hinges on the lead performance of Gugu Mbatha-Raw .
It 's good , but it never reaches the dark political and emotional tones of a movie like 12 Years a Slave .
It 's an old-fashioned movie with a very modern streak , centered by a vibrant star turn by Mbatha-Raw , whose watchful , wise Dido makes an enchanting heroine .
It 's all quite well done , if only a touch too decorous .
Its `` Downton Abbey '' settings , dresses like tiered and frosted wedding cakes , romance-novel décolletage , men in powdered wigs and elaborate 18th-century courtship rituals may be the stuff of Jane Austen , but the story is decidedly not .
Paints a compelling portrait of the crudity lurking beneath the sophisticated veneer of English propriety .
Finds its strongest moments in making the personal political -LRB- and vice versa -RRB- .
the pacing of the film plods and the filmmaking is fairly no-frills . It 's primarily Mbatha-Raw 's radiant presence that makes the film 's premise work
Sumptuous historical melodrama - too bad it 's a bit stultifying .
Charming and stirring .
Gugu Mbatha-Raw holds the screen with her impassioned portrayal .
Luminous British actress Gugu Mbatha-Raw brings a hope and intelligent hunger to Dido . She 's loved by her family enough to have a sense of belonging but hemmed in by broader cultural realities to experience moments of unease .
What 's best about `` Belle '' is the performance of Ebatha-Raw .
The film simply looks lovely , never moreso than when Mbatha-Raw is on screen .
` Belle ' is a tonic for those a bit bleary-eyed from the exploits of giant lizards , web-slinging super-heroes , and more fantastical silliness on the way . -LRB- Complete Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Gives an Austen-like treatment to a historically important story
`` Belle '' is handsome and well-cast with Gugu Mbatha-Raw , who made an impression on me in Tom Hanks ' `` Larry Crowne , '' in the title role .
Belle presents an interesting history lesson , one that had significant repercussions , but some of the developments in this storyline turn out to be woefully convenient .
With stately surroundings and hissable villains , director Amma Assante imbues the finale with such dramatic resonance that `` Belle '' becomes a ringing proclamation of human dignity .
Belle feels like sitting through the rehearsal process of a Broadway play that 's in serious need of work .
The visual heritage is not squandered : whatever its faults , Belle looks fantastic .
This is quite a dense film in terms of character ; there 's a lot to get your teeth into and , at the end of it all , it 's a rattling good story .
Asante directs this complex story with full reverence for the costume drama and an acute sense of timing .
Writer-director Amma Asante has created a complex tale of race , gender , and love that has very clear present-day resonance .
It has all the hallmarks of the genre style-wise , but it never feels stuffy . Fans of the genre have spent a lot of time in this world , but we 're seeing it through new eyes .
Engaging take on an obscure subject .
In a world despicably over-saturated with British period dramas , Belle is a really rather pleasant surprise .
The latest example of the important rule `` Never judge a movie by its advertising . ''
12 YEARS A SLAVE meets DOWNTON ABBEY . Well made if not great .
There 's the occasional false note . The proto-abolitionist Davinier has been given dialogue that verges on the preachy . But this is a small quibble in a story of 250-year-old pride and prejudice that resonates today .
Brings these themes to a dramatic head : romance and race , privilege and justice .
In its broad strokes , Belle captures the intrigue of the real Dido , subject of a famously captivating portrait that is more fascinating and extraordinary than the film positioned around it .
A beautiful , thoughtful performance in a film that has all of the trappings of the best sumptuous costume dramas but has a story with unexpected contemporary meaning .
-LSB- The movie -RSB- is so determined to be moral and good and optimistically anti-tragic that it forgets to be interesting , original , and illuminating .
Powerful stuff , for sure . Yet , when Asante finally closes with a close-up of Belle 's portrait , there 's something in her eyes and her smile that suggests so much more .
Wilkinson gives shape to the sausage of history by letting is sizzle in a cast-iron skillet of feelings .
A lavish 18th-century historical piece that blends a Jane Austen-like romance with a political drama that explores slavery from a unique perspective .
A slice of Masterpiece Theatre cheese in which a biracial heiress makes her way through 18th-century English society while her guardian tries an insurance fraud case involving a slave ship .
The period production , including costume design and makeup , is first rate , as is the nicely composed photography .
One occasionally wishes Asante had chosen a more rigorous course of action with her period piece , but she perhaps also knows that sugar is more seductive than sermons .
`` Belle '' has the pace and sumptuous cinematography of a Merchant and Ivory production , but none of their memorable characters , subtle performances , or literate dialogue .
The movie packs a lot in , and the quick pace of early scenes can feel like running on a treadmill , but `` Belle '' settles into a nice rhythm .
This British historical drama is getting the `` inspiring true story '' treatment , though the inspiring parts are n't true and the true parts are n't inspiring .
`` Belle '' is a beautiful period piece , but it 's also something more : a study of racism , classism and sexism in 18th-century England .
Its best performers find their truths and telling details in between the straightforward expository lines .
An engrossing , beautifully appointed , if somewhat prosaic and historically loose , docu-drama .
Treatment like this makes people shrug off reality rather than process it .
This polished and engaging but emotionally gauzy and at times downright frustrating film slugs its way through a lot of dutifully passionate speechifying en route to a conclusion of scrupulously manufactured uplift .
It 's fascinating to go into the Inns of Court and watch the landholders and the abolitionists battle it out before the unflappable Wilkinson , who really rises to the occasion as the most exalted legal brain in the land .
Belle is a wonderfully moving and impeccably crafted costume drama that lives somewhere in between deep-minded Enlightenment literature and the pleasantest parts of an Afterschool Special .
Using only minor dramatic license , Sagay and director Amma Asante have crafted a historical period romance that tackles racism with all the social intricacies of a Jane Austen novel .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- The movie synthesizes a wealth of relevant historic elements with wit , romance , and scathing social commentary . A better `` family '' film , you are not likely to find this season .
It is a credit to Assante that she weaves together the story strands and the emotional arcs so powerfully , giving us insight and empathy as payoffs
Conviction and principle are the powerful bullets of this gripping drama in which issues of racial discrimination , slavery and class are canvassed
Belle 's plotting may be described as formulaic at best , but its incredible production design , thought-provoking writing , and pristine acting offset that rote structure .
Gugu Mbatha-Raw is grace itself in a costume drama that may overreach in telling the true story of a mixed-race woman raised in British high society , but is no less affecting .
This costume drama suffers slightly from the overwrought melodrama risked by the genre .
It 's smartly acted , handsome , and well-crafted in a way that 'll make it irresistible to the Merchant-Ivory/Masterpiece Theater set - think pride , with a whole lot of prejudice .
An extraordinarily uncommon kind of movie .
Important , affecting , engrossing drama for tweens and up .
Belle does have a clear moral compass , but it refuses easy answers and withholds easy judgments . As such , it feels profoundly human .
Its ideas about race and gender inequity are nothing new onscreen or off , but they are absorbingly rendered .
To paraphrase Lt. Frank Drebin , no matter how silly the idea of marrying for status seems to us , as Americans we must be gracious and considerate viewers .
The movie is intelligently written and well-acted , but it does n't sit all that comfortably between the two stools of Austenesque Romance and Socially Conscious Drama .
For audiences in the mood for that sort of safe , old-fashioned storytelling , it delivers some pleasures .
Lots to recommend but there 's enough here for two movies and in trying to tell both stories the picture shortchanges each one .
`` Belle '' is greatly buoyed by Mbatha-Raw 's performance . She infuses Dido with a confident and intelligent grace that keeps you engaged long after the tangled story has let both the actress and audience down .
The film has elements of a Masterpiece Theater-style Cinderella story . But its dimensional portrait of proper upper-class British society calling into question its long-held convictions about status and tradition is compelling .
The weave of the personal and the political finally proves as irresistible as it is moving , partly because it has been drawn from extraordinary life .
Director Amma Assante and screenwriter Misan Sagay weigh down everything by introducing portentous melodrama and brittle social dramedy .
-LSB- T -RSB- he film seems to belong to the distant past . Perhaps appropriately for a work of art inspired by a work of art , it feels detached , not so much a movie as a museum piece .
The serious tone of director Amma Asante 's film goes far in undercutting any gloss . It looks more like a murky Rembrandt than an episode of `` Downton Abbey . ''
It appropriates the language of frivolous costume dramas to sneak in passionate politics .
Elegant and understated , Belle is a true story about the effects of slavery on 18th-century England , told in the style of a sweeping romantic saga by Jane Austen or the Brontë sisters .
Belle takes the world of Jane Austen - of landed gentry , courtship rituals and brocaded gowns - and confronts this society with the horrors of slavery .
Amma Asante 's Belle is like a Jane Austen novel spiked with an extra shot of social conscience .
Stirring film , capable of moving you even as it gives you a new perspective from the past on an issue that continues to plague us , here in the future .
The golden-hued `` Belle , '' handsomely made with lavish period detail , has none of the charged friction of its poster .
The movie seems to exist to give its white characters belated moments of conscience .
Belle is handsome-looking , shot in golden , faded-brocade tones by Ben Smithard , but it moves stiffly , encumbered by too many petticoats of expository dialogue .
An eighteenth-century costume drama that lights up the screen with a beautiful mixed race heroine , an idealistic law student , and a circle of older English aristocrats whose most cherished traditions are challenged .
Instantly joins the ranks of the great period piece romances
It is almost ten years since Amma Asante made an award-winning directorial debut with A Way Of Life . The long wait for her second feature is amply rewarded with Belle .
Incongruous as it may seem , the pleasures of Jane Austen and the horrors of the British slave trade make a surprisingly elegant and emotionally satisfying fit in Belle .
The picture 's sour notes are balanced by fine performances and clear historical appeal .
Belle can be heavy-handed at times ... but the richness of the material , strong performances and excellent production design more than make up for these minor shortcomings .
An 18th C. tale of race and romance told in a sophisticated fashion reminiscent of the best of Jane Austen .
The film is concerned largely with intellectual horrors and portrays the fight against slavery rather neatly as a growing feeling of internal guilt that slowly turns society toward the light .
A stunning piece of historical fiction conveying the spirit of its times with a riveting performance by its principal actress in the role of a woman too low in status to dine with the aristocracy and too high to sup with the servants .
The performances , from a top cast including Matthew Goode , Miranda Richardson , Tom Felton and Emily Watson , are predictably flawless . The luminous Mbatha-Raw more than holds her own .
Amma Asante 's second feature tells Dido 's extraordinary story in handsome , if formulaic , style .


@highlight

It boasts all the surface beauty that fans of period pictures have come to expect , but Belle also benefits from its stirring performances and subtle social consciousness .