The limited time given to each of the short films means that there is little opportunity to get really down and dirty with the number-crunching , so that for every aspect that is fascinating there is an attendant frustration .
A lighthearted plea to the audience to try to think outside the box when it comes to matters of causality .
A real hodgepodge of ideas and themes , directed by six different directors , it lacks cohesion . It does , however , have some interesting segments .
Moderately interesting documentary .
Freasonable .
Levitt and Dubner often talk about the importance of giving incentives to customers . It 's not clear if this film gives quite enough of them to those people who 've already bought the book .
Merely proves that a batch of bite-sized featurettes does not automatically add up to a satisfying meal .
... an enjoyable , lightweight affair that plays like the pilot for a premium cable series - something like a less raucous version of the Penn & Teller 's Showtime series
... somewhere between ... an illustrated , freshman-level lecture by a superstar professor and ... a brainy but popular television anthology show .
Freakonomics is , much like the book that spawned it , a breezy entertainment that leaves you with a lot to think about .
On this take from a statistician whose days are , um , numbered : the docu-omnibus engages , as we wonder what the next filmmaker might do . Proving Levitt 's theory that incentives do indeed matter .
If you did n't read the book , you can get a less-satisfying version of it here , but you 'd be better off hitting the book . And if you did read the book , the movie is superfluous .
The film makes some potentially dull material come to life , but it 's a tad pleased with itself for delivering that small gift .
When this freakumentary hooks up with Urail King , it gets an A.
It 's intellectual snack food , satisfying for a little while but always leaving you hungry for more .
This 93-minute collection of short films finds an innovative way to pursue trivial data . It makes the often vague and elusive subject of economics interesting . It should encourage more viewers to read the book .
The film is provocative but also scattershot and not nearly as conclusive as it pretends to be .
Blame producer Chad Troutwine for bringing together an array of talented documentary filmmakers to try to coax life into material certainly not suited to the medium of film .
An unusual cinematic experiment that comes off as a hit-and-miss collection of appetizers .
A mixed bag ... often comes across as simply cute , pushing very hard to too little effect .
Sometimes , it has all the answers . More often , it just asks the right questions . And in today 's 24-hour froth of insta-pundit analysis , we need curiosity more than certainty .
Some parts of the movie are more satisfying and intriguing than others , but there are enough surprising and non-intuitive revelations that even the most jaded viewer will likely learn a thing or two .
A learning-is-fun ... anthology ... with more pluses than minuses , -LSB- it -RSB- is as entertaining as it 's educational and enlightening .
Look , I enjoyed Freakonomics , I just ca n't really say how much so mainly because I 'm still having issues buying all the information past on here as mathematical fact .
It 's probably inevitable that some segments work better than others , and it 's fortunate that executive producer and co-director Seth Gordon does a nice job of tying the whole thing together .
The movie version of Freakonomics functions as a reasonably effective trailer , but for a book whose moment has already passed .
Equal parts journalistic expose and targeted anthropological dissection , the slick anthology production Freakonomics makes heavy ideas go down easy .
Has lost some of its cumulative mojo in translation , partly because after seven years the pot is pretty well stirred , and partly because the medium demands narrative focus .
Engaging economic docu is too complex for young kids .
It 's mild stuff indeed , more like an especially lightweight edition of 60 Minutes than a hard-hitting exposé of cultural ills .
Freakonomics 's four sections offer various takes on the source book 's premise : what happens when you ask `` a different kind of question entirely '' ?
There is more material here to chew on than in a dozen other documentaries combined . And that 's a good thing . No ?
There 's an appealing sort of crazy , on the surface , to Freakonomics ... -LSB- But it -RSB- sounds for all the world as if -LSB- the film -RSB- is mocking Freakonomics -LSB- the theory -RSB- .
A disjointed mess that is never quite as hip or smart as it seems to think it is .
As with any omnibus film , it offers a little of a lot ... gives each filmmaker enough room to expand beyond simple ideas into something more complex .
Amiably passes the time .
An interesting , uneven mountain of stats and facts that , overall , is inconclusive .
A movie for those of you who like to fill out the crossword puzzle or play Sudoku daily
-LSB- It -RSB- is n't freaky enough .
It can not and should not be expected to give us the answers we want -LRB- or any at all , for that matter -RRB- . The point of the field of Levitt and Dubner 's study is to ask the right questions .
... this movie perverts the basis of the book , since many of the answers it draws are based on bald conjecture and semi-staged scenes rather than fact .
... while the resulting film is often entertaining , it 's also random , it 's ideas not well articulated .
Freakonomics examines social , cultural , and financial issues with an eye to getting people to think differently .
An attempt to turn the 2005 nonfiction bestseller into a high-energy docu-romp , `` Freakonomics '' is a misconceived botch .
Like the 2005 bestseller that inspired it , the movie version of Freakonomics is fleet and accessible , an enjoyably light and lively pop artifact aimed at bringing some unusual economic theories to the masses .
hardly lives up to its promise , or even its title .
This enjoyable if uneven anthology documentary manages to break even , with two strong segments making up for two weaker ones .
At the center is the quietly exciting notion that numbers can be used to both mask the truth and reveal it , depending on the character of who 's holding the calculator .
Succeeds in provoking thoughts about ethics , pop culture , and human nature , and that is n't an easy thing to do .
As a movie , Freakonomics is like Jujubes for the brain -- it starts to get cloying halfway through the box .
An iconoclastic expose ' featuring fresh cultural slants apt to leave the average armchair economist reevaluating a lot of conventional wisdom they 've taken for granted .
Schlock .
Any movie that triggers creative thought in its audience ca n't be that bad a deal .
There 's no chance to get into anything in depth , because it 's onto the next broadly sketched out concept .
The 20-minute shorts range in style from traditional fly-on-the-wall narrative to a kind of hyperactive PowerPoint presentation .
A really innovative way to explore a potentially boring subject like economics in a way that mass audiences can understand and appreciate .
While not as thoroughly informative or entertaining as it could have been under the control of a single director , `` Freakonomics '' is a thought-provoking documentary that keeps you wanting more .
By the end , do n't be surprised if you are still asking yourself what , exactly , the definition of freakonomics is .
It 's not always entirely successful on its own terms , but it 's entertaining and thought-provoking enough to stand alone as a reflection of Levitt and Dubner 's book .
With different filmmakers handling each segment , some obviously work better than others , but either way it is the book .
Swift and easily digestible . None of it will likely provoke discussion , though ... does n't seem to be anything more substantial than interesting yet trivial data .
dds up to a revelatory trip into complex , innovative ideas and altered perspectives on how people think .
Like the source material , it 's ultimately less than the sum of its parts -- an assemblage of moderately interesting human interest stories that do n't carry much weight on the big screen .


@highlight

More disjointed and less compelling than the book it 's based on , Freakonomics is n't quite as entertaining or educational as it should be .