Paranormal Activity : The Marked Ones loses the essential mojo that made `` Paranormal '' a box office phenom .
The scares are effective and unsettling , and work better because they depend less on the Where 's Waldo ? compositions of the other sequels and more on character dynamics .
Hands down , The Marked Ones is absolutely relentless , creepy as hell and a ton of fun on the big screen - it totally surprised me and left me with my enthusiasm for the PA series renewed .
This film is not scary , it 's simply an exercise in waiting for a loud , ear piercing musical cue that forces us to be startled .
The law of diminishing returns mean this is now an exercise repetition : the tricks have all lost their power to terrify and The Marked Ones is just a vaguely spooky shadow of its a former self .
A great effort , but a sub-par horror film .
Overall , it 's an unbalanced film , with several laugh out loud moments and thrilling action sequences , but it lacks the memorable scares required for this to rate any higher than an above average horror film .
The Marked Ones does n't just call back to previous Paranormal Activity films , it feels like a journey through the evolution of the subgenre as a whole .
This latest instalment in the found-footage , domestic-horror franchise opts for far greater supernatural silliness than its predecessors .
As with the previous two installments in this super low-cost , super-lucrative horror franchise , the video verite technique is very effective in creating the feel of spontaneity before delivering some very well-engineered shocks ... A great date movie .
Paranormal Activity : The Marked Ones is written and directed by Christopher Landon , son of Michael Landon , whose Little House on the Prairie pantry must have been stocked full of a very small number of original ideas and a large quantity of fine weed .
More sidebar than sequel , this interesting fifth film in the found-footage fright franchise attempts to reboot -LRB- re-boo ? -RRB- the series by relocating the supernatural action to a low-income but vibrant Hispanic neighborhood ...
There 's no getting past the nonsense formality of taking that camera everywhere .
A noble -LRB- yet failed -RRB- attempt to shake up the Paranormal Activity series ...
For a franchise whose creepiness bona fides have relied primarily on slow builds and letting the viewer soak in the frame , this film is awfully dependent on stock-issue jump scares
The unusual honesty about the film 's reason for being is about the only thing passing for real freshness here .
Yeah , this movie 's a dog , but you ca n't blame the producers for strip-mining the same old fool-proof formula to death ... and beyond .
There are smatterings of clever touches but eventually it all degenerates into the same old , same old demonic shenanigans . The truly terrifying part is that the audience for this kind of trash does n't care .
The plot is a confusing , derivative mishmash of half-baked supernatural clichés , and the total absence of characterization makes it hard to care what happens .
A stupid , stupid movie that is not scary and boring to boot !
The Marked Ones is like a supernatural Hardy Boys mystery , about a couple of amateur sleuths finding something to do during a slow summer .
This expands the ` Paranormal Activity ' universe quite a bit , in an entertaining way . The franchise , which appeared to be losing its grip in the fourth movie , is n't running out of steam yet .
the psychological divide between the mundane and the otherworldly , the key element in the original 's effective creepiness , is lost
It feels like the announcement of a franchisor 's global expansion strategy . Nothing on screen can equal the dread that arises at the very thought of Euro Paranormal Activity .
Eschewing many of the hallmarks of the franchise , including regimented pacing and those nail-biting stationary shots , The Marked Ones takes the franchise in a slightly new direction , and it 's an effective , if not necessarily satisfying , one .
The leads are appealing but the best scares will be familiar to anyone who has seen the previous films - or , for that matter , the trailer .
There 's plenty of potential for spookiness , but before anything interesting happens , the film trips and falls face first into the tangle of loose ends left over from previous sequels .
Fresh characters , a few fresh ideas and a new setting enliven this long-running film series .
This fifth in the series further diminishes the promise of the 2007 original , replacing mystery and suspense with predictability and misogyny .
A sort of-sequel that only dovetails with the 2007 original via a strained coda and its use of the increasingly tired-looking found-footage gimmick .
The novelty of `` found footage '' wore off almost immediately upon arrival , and yet the `` style '' persists , despite the fact -LRB- or maybe because of the fact -RRB- that it 's tired and lazy .
Do not ask yourself : ` Why is even half of this being filmed at all ? '
The scary stuff works , the characters are actually pretty likable , and the franchise mythology is given its fair due ... without overdoing it .
Surely it 's time somebody burned that 15-year-old corpse of the Blair Witch . It 's really startin ' to stink up the joint .
An extremely predictable trip down deja-vu lane .
Provides the familiar cheap thrills but with a salsa tang .
Many of the core elements of the earlier movies are retained here , including the increasingly annoying found-footage gimmick .
The last half of `` Marked Ones '' degenerates into an unpleasant pile of jittery randomness , broken up by dubious call-backs to previous films in this tired series .
There 's no escaping that the found-footage phenomenon has gone from fresh and original to just plain annoying .
Not since The Blair Witch Project have I wanted to throw up during a film , literally , and not in a good way . This movie is simply unwatchable .
The Latino cast gives the movie a fresh , modern feel , but the underlying formula is becoming unacceptably stale .
The concept is the same , and just as tired as it was when the second , third and fourth sequels to Paranormal Activity 's 2009 first installment .
It 's obvious that the series has nowhere left to go .
Whereas the other Paranormal films rely on an escalation of terrors , The Marked Ones is characterized by long stretches of mundanity , occasionally interrupted by a cheap shock .
Landon co-wrote three of the previous entries , though this is his first time directing one , and he does n't seem to know , or care , about the kinds of questions audiences may want answers to .
The Marked Ones is a mixed bag that improves upon the narrative of the last two movies , ups the action quotient , but fails to deliver where it really counts - scares .
Fans know exactly what they 're in for when going to a Paranormal Activity movie , and in that respect The Marked Ones delivers .
Paranormal needed a change , but the point was to be better , not just mildly different .
Characters go outside ! There are jokes ! It 's no longer about the problems of rich , white homeowners !
The Paranormal series has perfected the art of the sudden , shocking thing happening during a seemingly quiet moment , which continues here .
It is n't half as scary as three of its four predecessors , but its strong characters and clever story layers do prove the mythology is worth expanding .
It 's not quite as scary as the four that came before . It is better written and acted though , and that alone is a triumph for a found-footage film .
A shift in focus helps revive the low-budget horror series , despite the near-absence of returning cast members .
Pleasantly disposable ` Paranormal Activity ' spinoff invests the found-footage horror franchise with some welcome diversity and humor .
A strong lifting from `` Chronicle . '' A dash of `` The Exorcist . '' And , a weak connection to a previous `` Paranormal Activity '' sequel . Nothing original going here , folks .
The real terror of Paranormal Activity : The Marked Ones is the horrifying thought that Blair Witch disease rages unabated , 15 years after the outbreak began .
This one pulls out that trick a few times too many , robbing it of its effect and making the few scares worth waiting for more funny than shocking .
Does anybody really find this crap scary anymore ?
It 's a welcome update , qualifying as the best in the series since the first film captivated and unnerved audiences in 2007 .
Subnormal horror fare ... the combination of an unimaginative plot with what 's by now a pedestrian technique makes for a pretty barren ninety minutes .
`` Marked '' employs more traditional , but effective , tactics to unsettle . But this reasonably entertaining overachiever also has the most to lose when forced to perform mouth-to-mouth on franchise mythology that 's been coding for a long time .
There are some decent jolts here and there , but this sort of material is starting to wear as thin as the hanging plastic sheets the filmmaker uses in hopes of goosing the viewer . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Several reels ' worth of ugly , unshaped footage that would n't have been deemed fit for a movie 's end-credit outtakes not so long ago .
Thank you for ditching the gimmicks and focusing on horror once again Christopher Landon , because this is the best Paranormal Activity sequel since Oren Peli 's original nightmare machine .
One of the better entries in the series .
And yet , these movies are scary , the latest no less than its four predecessors .
The production is serving cinematic leftovers at a time when they should be thinking of reinvention , returning the punch to Paranormal Activity for an audience that deserves the effort .
Achieves a feeling of realistic socio-cultural milieu but suffers from an under-sketched narrative and a timidity born of parceled-out corporate profit protection .
Scrapes the bottom of the franchise 's barrel , begging found-footage audiences for a few extra dollars as it drives the final nail into the coffin of a series that should have died years ago .
As spin-offs go , this is closer to Frasier than it is to Baywatch Nights .
Like a restaurant that serves an awesome dessert to make up for a subpar main course .
` Paranormal Activity : The Marked Ones ' is a blunt instrument , but it is effective .
While it 's exciting to see a hit series take on an almost entirely Latino cast as just a matter of course , the new zigs only barely balance out all the familiar zags .
It turns out that leaving behind the comfy suburban culture of white Los Angelenos is exactly the jolt this franchise needed , and Paranormal Activity : The Marked Ones may be the best since the first film
Is n't quite on par with the first three movies , but certainly a step above the fourth in its creative willingness to think outside the box .
a barf bag filled with jokes , screams , and explaining things to death
A few jokes , a few jolts , a few stereotypes -- a much more conventional `` found footage '' film .
What comes next remains to be seen , but `` Paranormal Activity : The Marked Ones '' feels like a fresh start .
The found footage conceit - which once appeared so fresh in The Blair Witch Project and was rejuvenated by Paranormal Activity 's use of static cameras - is now in dire need of a rest or reinvention .
We shriek and giggle at the right points , the backstory elaborates a little more unnecessarily than it needs to , and the allotted time spools out with a minimum of regrets .
It 's got good scares , a decent story , and more action than the first film .
It 's nothing short of an absolute gift to the passionate fans of this storied franchise . The Marked Ones proves without a shadow of a doubt that Paranormal Activity is back in top form ... with a wicked and evil vengeance .

@highlight

A change of setting breathes some new life into the franchise , but Paranormal Activity : The Marked Ones fails to provide enough consistent thrills to justify a fifth film in the series .