The charm and chemistry of the two leads and subtle , wry moments of humor make for an endearing entertainment .
Not the sort of film you 'd want a steady diet of , but as a change of pace from the ordinary , it 's well worth a look .
An ingeniously dry and bittersweet comedy about that 1940s and '50s research .
One of those rare winning exceptions to the axiom that movies should move , this one shows what advantage can be earned when men of good will sit still together .
A prime piece of comic anthropology .
What you 're left with is a relationship between two men that is untouched by macho posturing or any trace of anxiety -- and a perfect respite from the action flick mentality .
What starts as a satire of the methodical , modernity-seeking society in Sweden ends as a heartwarming dramatic comedy in Norway .
A thoroughly charming oddity . And , in the end , a moving one , too .
An enjoyable study of ridiculous regimentation and a sure balm to anyone who has overdosed on the efficient designs at Ikea .
A rich character piece with more than a few chuckle-worthy moments .
Hamer 's pacing is poky , and the ` well , duh ' moral ... hits the audience well before it is revealed to the characters .
Kitchen Stories is so subtle that many viewers will not be aware that it 's screamingly funny .
It rewards patience with persistent chuckles , and fills its humble plate .
Boy , just when you think all the original stories have been told , something like this comes along .
You 've seen testosterone-soaked guys in films like Rambo and In the Company of Men . Now enjoy this small , quiet but warmhearted film that shows another side of men .
The droll humour , penned by Hamer with collaborator Jorgen Bergmark , works best at a non-verbal level , when the well-cast Isak and Folke are silently sizing each other up .
The performances are understated and touching , the humour mostly deadpan , the philosophical message subtle .
Do n't expect a profound dish . Do prepare for a light meal with enough oddball humor to maintain involvement .
Rather than simply beating the dead horse of utopian socialist engineering plans , Kitchen Stories serves to champion human irrepressibility and unpredictability .
If you 're in the mood for a quiet , beautifully acted little drama , liberally spiked with comedy , about the universal desires of the human heart , this may be the obscure gem you 're looking for .
Drollness and dry wit characterize this charming Scandinavian comedy ... a wryly affectionate story that will touch the heart of almost every viewer .
This understated and delightful little film will grab you from the silly opening to the bittersweet end .
... makes the full-circle journey all the way from distant to cloying .
Might evaporate if it were any drier . But it is a comedy , and a pretty charming one at that .
Almost perfect , a film about loneliness that makes you feel less alone .
If stoicism is your idea of killer Friday-night entertainment , you wo n't find many numbingly boring experiences to top this one .
The movie 's gentle humor and offbeat whimsy prove that humanity trumps bureaucratic foolishness , in Norway or anywhere else .
Though there 's a melancholy mood to much of the film , it leaves an audience happy -- as if we , like Folke and Isak , have made a new friend .
It 's a film that triumphs in small ways and satisfyingly demonstrates how our human nature is based on both the eccentricity of our hearts and the quirky workings of our heads .
The subtle cracks in the Scandinavian reserve are really all this quirky film gives you , but for the most part it 's enough .
Mr. Hamer never goes for belly laughs , preferring instead the smiles of quiet recognition from viewers who appreciate a change of pace from all the slobbering in recent movies .
You really need to develop a taste for Scandinavian cinema in order to appreciate Kitchen Stories ... anyone with attention deficit disorder should stop reading now .
The two central actors , Joachim Calmeyer -LRB- Isak -RRB- and Tomas Norström -LRB- Folke -RRB- , are instances of how to be interesting without being in the least charismatic .
Give it time , and its wry , absurdist comedy begins to crackle with essential , universal truths .
An enjoyable movie .
The study in the film represents a precursor to reality television in which voyeurs watch strangers go about their daily lives without having to expose themselves .
Folke and Isak 's friendship is a beautiful thing , unexpected but inevitable , and the movie does a delightful job of shaping it .
A simple story told well , with plenty of lighthearted moments and kernels of thought-provoking material , but little to really excite the cinematic appetite .
Kitchen Stories will make you laugh and make you cry .
Slight and understated , Kitchen Stories still manages to surprise with how much heart it musters in its wry , witty story .
Pays off eventually with a lovely story of friendship between two lonely men .
It is a modest meditation on human nature that lingers , sweetly , in memory .
It 's mostly a well-acted , expertly directed comedy with characters and situations of truly universal appeal .
Against all odds , it turns out , everyday life in a Scandinavian kitchen can be quite a show .
Before it settles down into a two-man character study , Kitchen offers a succession of quietly uproarious sight gags .
-LSB- D -RSB- elightfully off-kilter and refreshingly original tale about loneliness , friendship , and modern appliances .
Taking the ` stranger in a strange land ' concept and twisting it sideways , Hamer says a lot about humanity with few words .
Delightfully offbeat and unexpectedly sweet .
A warm tale that 's prepared just right .
The Norwegian writer and director Bent Hamer 's wry , uninflected deadpan social comedy points as straight and true as a compass fixed on magnetic north .
There 's nothing casual about the way this film has been put together , yet that painstaking care leads to laughter that is completely unrestrained .
Marvelously wry comedy about the odd relationship between a crusty Norwegian man and a snoopy Swedish researcher who 's assigned to sit in his kitchen and chart his movements there .
An extended ethnic joke , Kitchen Stories moves with a glacial indifference to conventional comedic timing . But perhaps that 's what makes it so funny and so emotionally precise .
In the landscape of contemporary movie comedies , Kitchen Stories is like a rejuvenating blast of crisp Nordic air .
The icy whimsy of Kitchen Stories is certainly well sustained , but you do n't laugh at the movie so much as wait for the joke to thaw .
A quirky , thoughtful and bittersweet comedy/drama .
Aims for but misses the wry truthfulness of Aki Kaurismaki 's best films .
What a pleasure it is not to be hectored by a director as we laugh our own little laughs , watching a profound story unfold .
Kitchen Stories is an inventive and engaging drama about how our hearts are gladdened by the sweet surprises of unexpected intimacies .
Slight but sardonic .
The film explores deeper issues of human relationships -- how can someone truly be a detached observer ? How much can one learn about another without speaking or interacting with them ?
A male weepie with a serious case of the cutes .
uniquely eccentric
There 's an almost wordless charm to this gentle film .
It never patronises its characters in the quest for cheap laughs , treating them instead with commendable compassion .
Discerning and heartfelt little masterpiece .
The Meaning of Life , illustrated in an adorable , deadpan comedy .
Hamer is gifted with both a sly wit and a rich visual vocabulary .








@highlight

By turns touching and funny , this Norwegian import offers quietly absorbing commentary on modern life and friendship .