It 's genre writing that entertains while tapping into enduring truths .
Fiennes , who previously played the title role in a celebrated London theatre , makes a suitably haughty and intense Coriolanus , while Vanessa Redgrave is in terrific form as the general 's influential mother .
This play very rarely gets performed in any medium , so for Shakespeare enthusiasts I 'd say it 's a must-see but you can skip it if that 's not your bag .
Why Fiennes chose to use Shakespearean text is confusing , especially when he must have known that Coriolanus is n't the most recognisable of Shakespeare 's plays .
A powerful and relevant Shakespeare adaptation that firecely brings the story to life .
Fiennes ' blend of action and homage is top-notch , as is direction ... . Fiennes created his own modern world for which it 's easy to suspend disbelief .
Coriolanus is Shakespeare done right ; Ralph Fiennes takes a play about Roman war and hubris and turns it into a violently charismatic pic .
The other actors do their best to help Fiennes define this curious anti-hero . Incapable of playing the role of peacetime compromiser , his Coriolanus comes across as a warrior who simply ca n't function without a war .
As good as all the men are , it 's Vanessa Redgrave who steals the movie .
The film has fifth-act problems , as did the play , but Fiennes ' bleak overview should leave receptive viewers feeling daunted and haunted .
The play 's inherent difficulties notwithstanding , Coriolanus , the movie , is a perfectly sound achievement .
Fiennes leads a cast that , at least in the major roles , is uniformly powerful .
If this is how Fiennes rolls behind the camera , our next great director has raised his fist to the skies .
Should shut up the whining voices of Philistines who openly wonder why Shakespeare still matters .
Fiennes creates a pitiless world without refuge , where neither the soft nor the unbending can survive .
Coriolanus plays a bit flat at times , but it 's a challenging , and even exciting , piece of cinema that 's sure to inspire much love from Shakespeare enthusiasts .
The elite team of commandos charges through the bombed-out cityscape , pausing only to hurl grenades or pick off snipers leaning out of windows . Now this is what I call Shakespeare .
I would n't say there 's something rotten in the state of Denmark , but this modernistic retelling of one of Shakespeare 's lesser-known plays just is n't that good .
There something like poetry in this film , some truth that can not be apprehended by staring hard at the screen , but drifts softly as a dandelion spore through the burned-out ruins of some sacked and dusty `` Rome . ''
Ralph Fiennes plays Coriolanus in all his spitting , spouting , grandiose glory .
A casualty of sloppy , chaotic staging , poor editing , dead-ended plotting and way too many instances of overacting , Coriolanus is two hours full of what the bard on a better day might have called `` sound and fury signifying nothing . ''
The great actors , from Welles onward , want the popular audience to see what they see in Shakespeare -- that he still matters , that he still moves , thrills and teaches . With `` Coriolanus , '' Fiennes brilliantly takes his place in their ranks .
... a film that will please not only those who already love Shakespeare , but also fans of action movies ...
`` Coriolanus '' is a triumph .
Slathered in blood , covered with scars and glowering with a predator 's gaze , Ralph Fiennes makes a fierce and impressive Caius Martius Coriolanus .
The blend of modern and Elizabethan is what works
In his directorial debut , -LRB- Ralph -RRB- Fiennes is quite sharp , shooting the battle scenes as if the cinematographers were embedded with his troops and using television broadcasts as a way to advance the story .
By combining selective fragments of the text with populist cultural references and by using visually bold cinematic and TV news techniques , `` Coriolanus '' director and star Ralph Fiennes has created a thinking person 's action thriller .
This modernisation actually works ... for how well it grounds Shakespeare 's drama in an easily understood modern-dress context .
It may be 400 years since Shakespeare penned this work but the story feels just as relevant today with its exploration of war and politics .
Expertly balancing his performance between quiet regret , self-destructive arrogance and howling stubbornness , Fiennes takes center stage without making the role a vanity project .
It 's all very unnerving , modern and yet veins-in-the-teeth visceral .
-LSB- Coriolanus -RSB- makes some questionably antiquated statements about class , but nevertheless captivates .
As a portrait of modern warfare , politics and propaganda , `` Coriolanus '' is intriguing , even if the gritty action sequences do n't quite measure up to the realism of `` The Hurt Locker . ''
Fiennes 's adaptation is a reflection of spin , media influence in public debate , the cult of personality and the glorification of war .
Though I understand why they dare not tamper with Shakespeare 's brilliant lines , it feels more and more like an unnatural gimmick when contrasted with the contemporary setting .
A portrait of the birth of a fascist leader , Shakespeare 's play sets his will to power in direct opposition to the people of Rome and their right to rule themselves . In modernizing the setting , Fiennes only makes the comparison more relevant .
This is a blood-and-gutsy adaptation of a bloody and gut-wrenching tragedy by Shakespeare . . Director and co-star Fiennes has chiseled the play into a contemporary setting , not unlike Baz Luhrmann did with Romeo + Juliet , and just about as inventively
Immensely entertaining , Coriolanus is chock-full o ' gore and the contemporary trappings of a man and a land divided , both from without and from within .
Ralph Fiennes turns one of Shakespeare 's least-loved plays into a slashing , muscular but uneven modern drama in his film-directing debut .
Alternating between whispered regrets and outraged howls - again , seeming to suggest there are two people within him - Fiennes provides the film with a magnetic center .
-LSB- though Ralph Fiennes -RSB- handles himself quite well behind the camera , he took on a perhaps too ambitious a project for the first time out the gate .
A Balkanized ` Hurt Locker , ' Ralph Fiennes ' ` Coriolanus ' is a timely , aptly fierce , IED-rigged adaptation of the Shakespeare tragedy
Fiennes heads a great cast . Crew cut and scarred , his Coriolanus blends patrician arrogance with the bloodthirsty intensity of the thug he played in `` In Bruges . ''
Even in what is viewed as a minor work , the inevitable currents of ambition and violence , cruelty and competition , rivalry and rage run strong and truthfully .
When Caius Martius heads into battle against the invading Volscians , we get 20-odd minutes of brutal street-fighting with RPGs and crackling automatic weapons . The film was shot in Serbia ; dial a few decades back and it could have been set there .
Fiennes turns the play into a sly commentary on contemporary populist politicking .
Ralph Fiennes has created a slashing , sprawling version of Shakespere 's Coriolanus . It 's muscular Shakespeare . It 's trimmed down - but has themes and a sensibility that fit into today 's society and world .
Redgrave and Fiennes create sparks and turn this curious Shakespearean adaptation into one of the past year 's richest guilty pleasures .
In his first film as a director , Fiennes proves that he knows Fiennes the actor inside out , with a self-knowledge that 's rare , even admirable .
Fiennes ' film represents an honorable , and mostly successful , attempt to translate Shakespeare to the screen .
This very unusual modern adaptation of the Shakespearean play works remarkably well , thanks to solid performances by a talented cast and a clever script .
The language of Coriolanus is often electric , as it should be in a story about a stubborn hero with fierce disdain for empty words .
You buy the concept , from start to finish , because it feels strong and purposeful and in sync with Shakespeare 's own vision of a malleable , fickle populace and a leader raised by the ultimate stage mother .
Visually and dramatically it works well-it 's Shakespeare by way of Black Hawk Down-but as an allegory of modern-day geopolitics it does n't really go anywhere .
I admired the movie even though I found it neither fish nor fowl .
And you thought Ralph Fiennes was scary as Voldemort .
A sombre , serious update .
Fiennes and Logan have created a smart , timely adaptation that is far easier to admire than it is to embrace , a study of an anti-hero without redemption , a man who ultimately dies more for the sake of fighting than for any specific cause .
A modern-day version of the Shakespeare play about the toxic results of rage , starring and directed by Ralph Fiennes .
The essence of the picture remains with the Bard , the rest carries on with a wrathful charge , generating frustrating distance and intensity , often in the same instant .
What remains , in distilled form , is the poetry of violence and contempt-the source of the play 's unfailing reputation for political threat and mischief .
The primary hero , on screen and off , is Ralph Fiennes , who not only makes a formidable directing debut but delivers a ferocious -LRB- and commanding -RRB- performance in the leading role .
No more Shakespeare until we agree it needs to be translated into real English , please .
Coriolanus roars its way into cinemas with full gusto and without taking any prisoners - like witnessing Fiennes going into thespian battle .
Fiennes has assembled a terrific cast and given them their head , but the focus is rightly on his character , a ferocious warrior undone by his own integrity .
Fiennes is n't creating a polemic here ; he and screenwriter John Logan reinvent Shakespeare 's historical tragedy as a tough , muscular action movie .
Ralph Fiennes makes a strong directorial debut with this full-blooded contemporary restaging of Shakespeare 's Roman tragedy set in a conflict-ravaged city .
The questions Coriolanus poses are so timeless and urgent they could be pullquotes from today 's op-ed page .
It 's a film of vigorous performances and provocative modern resonances , though it sometimes struggles to grapple with a grim , politically ambiguous , 400-year-old play .
Coriolanus is such a proud , cold-hearted swine that spending more than two hours with him is a long , hard slog .
There 's no escaping the weaknesses of the play : Coriolanus is a bit of a chump and the story holds few surprises .
Riches of character are revealed , with copious visual invention .
Fiennes makes a powerful case for Coriolanus as an essential , contemporary drama , about democracy , class war and the nation state .
Coriolanus illustrates that the Bard 's works are still as relevant as they are open to new interpretations . And this is easily one of the best interpretations I 've seen .
Led by director-star Ralph Fiennes , all the actors deliver their lines with such passion and commitment that they make this modernist adaptation all the more effective and relevant to our times .
The play needs a gritty embrace and gets it . That and a flawlessly chosen cast .
Purists may holler that Fiennes and screenwriter John Logan have cut the Bard 's second-longest play into two tense hours onscreen , but the power of the piece is undeniable .
It 's a fine example of how a contemporary setting can accentuate the continued relevance of Shakespeare 's themes , and it bodes well for Fiennes ' future as a director .
It seems right that the dialogue is in Shakespearean tongue , but you also ca n't help wishing the banter was updated along with the setting . A notably well made film , but not necessarily accessible .
The script shows how real power not only lies in the hands of the people but , as with our media-led society today , how public opinion can also be dangerously manipulated .
It 's a qualified success ... but what Fiennes the director does next could be even more intriguing .
A committed and worthwhile celluloid version of a play so few of us really know .
Fiennes directs theater on the grand scale , burning his characters down to expose the terrible beauty of the human soul .
Like its warrior anti-hero , it 's sharp and stubborn and should appeal to admiring art-house audiences .
Fiennes has conjured a decent production from a flawed play and it deserves to be seen .
Exciting , ironic , with assured direction , accomplished performances and the tension of topical themes , this is Shakespeare as relevant as you like it .
Fiennes ' modern interpretation is absolutely brilliant . There is pronounced homoeroticism and mother-fixation .
For Shakespeare neophytes whose primary familiarity with the Bard has been through the cinema , watching Coriolanus may seem like unearthing a lost treasure .
It all works extremely well , with the exception of the ugly hand-held cinematography designed to make the war footage look more chaotic but that really only looks jerky .
Fiennes holds the screen as both actor and director , illustrating once again that the Bard 's most powerful works resonate today as they did hundreds of years ago
While period Shakespeare adaptations are usually rote and unimaginative , modern re-imaginings give the work new life and allow it to shine in different ways .
Give Ralph Fiennes an A for effort .
It 's an odd stew , that never smells quite right .
The Bard meets THE HURT LOCKER . Redgrave deserves some Oscar love .
... Fiennes has turned out a well-crafted and passionately acted drama about power and its dangers that should serve as a model for how to perform Shakespeare on screen .
Shakespeare on a trip wire .
In this version of Coriolanus , the battlefield is bleakly urban . As Martius makes his way from one point of brutal violence to a next , as he presses forward during an early combat scene , he is daunting from every angle .
A superb cast highlights this modern interpretation of one of Shakespeare 's lesser known plays .
Ralph Fiennes makes an impressive directorial debut and gives a fierce , award-worthy performance . Amazing supporting cast .
Fiennes injects the material with unfiltered energy , and even when the story is lost in its own intricacies , it 's visceral and commanding .
The performances are strong enough to mostly make up for Fiennes ' directorial inexperience .
Ralph Fiennes delivers an intense turn in front of the camera while proving his worth as a filmmaker in the passionate and relevant political war thriller Coriolanus .
It 's Shakespeare for aggressive warmongers . Proceed with rage .
Coriolanus has the earmarks of a passion project , to be certain , but it also has the hallmarks of an assured film from an actor who nonetheless clearly demonstrates he knows that it takes more than just the art of acting to create a work of cinematic art .
Finds something to say about the cult of personality , the trickery of political campaigns , and the potential dangers of populist movements .
In attempting to update the play to a buzzing CNN world , Ralph Fiennes proves that as a director , he makes a fine actor .
Ralph Fiennes makes Shakespeare modern and bloody brilliant .
Beneath the manly posturing and thrilling handheld camera-captured combat scenes is a story bereft of heart , a mundane violent enterprise without any emotional appeal .
Fiennes ' crackerjack `` Coriolanus '' stays true to the clever , almost mean-spirited twists and turns of the story , and preserves the authentic flavor and texture of the language .
Fiennes brings to scorching life on-screen , spitting out his rage with such force the words seem likely to damage literally as well as figuratively .
Fiennes brings an of-the-moment energy to one of Shakespeare 's later tragedies . Yet with its forever-war landscape , it could n't be more relevant .
The language lives , as do the people , who are present enough that it 's almost a surprise no one brandishes that timely protest sign , `` Occupy Rome . ''
Like all Shakespeare 's plays , Coriolanus is astonishingly au courant ; taken together , they 're Exhibit A in any defense of the notion that times change but people do n't .
It feels perfectly natural for iambic pentameter to be coming out of the mouths of cable-news pundits .
If there are slack patches in the narrative , Fiennes and his fellow actors get us through them efficiently enough .
Fiennes takes one of the playwright 's lesser-known works , originally set in the 5th century B.C. , updates it to current times and imbues it with a gritty blood-spattered fierceness .
A powerful , rapturous viewing experience that strikes the delicate balance between Shakespeare 's iconic iambic pentameter and ultra-modern -LSB- storytelling -RSB- .
Tough , compelling drama , a comprehensible Shakespeare adaptation that glories in the Bard 's language , even as it captures one of his most intriguingly troubled heroes .
The play has been significantly but artfully trimmed by John Logan 's screenplay , which preserves Shakespeare 's language .
A spiky and complex counterweight to Hollywood sentiment and indie cynicism alike .
The transposition to present day is confusing and counterproductive , dulling the impact of an otherwise fierce , often unbearably immediate production .
Though the film 's feel is pure Iraq and Afghanistan , Fiennes does n't push those parallels unduly , and his central performances prove clear , nuanced , and incisive .
Fiennes and Logan have n't made a definitive Coriolanus , but they 've made a sensationally gripping one . They have the pulse of the play , its firm martial beats and its messy political clatter . They tell a damn good story .
Ralph Fiennes 's independently produced `` Coriolanus '' is a lean and mean Shakespeare adaptation that brands itself on the viewer .
The language is ultimately akin to the one Christmas light that wo n't light up and blacks out all the others .
Actor-director Fiennes sets Shakespeare 's military tragedy in a modern-day war setting , which gives it a meaty kick of recognition . But it 's such a bombastic film that it 's difficult to find much emotional resonance in it .
Although the original play is a criminally overlooked character study , a modern setting was ill-advised . But the production values , brutal violence and zealous performances ensure that the film is a faithful , memorable interpretation .
This is an undeniably worthy adaptation but it 's hampered by the fact that this is a fairly dull play in the first place .
This is a strikingly imaginative adaptation .
This is Shakespeare played with total commitment , even if you ca n't help feeling that Coriolanus deserves what he finally gets .
Although I have some issues with the film that I 'll get into more with a full-length review , it 's well-worth seeing just for what Redgrave does with only a few scenes . She 's amazing . Again .
There is a narrative arc to Coriolanus , but it moves along at a snail 's pace and the main theme of the film -LRB- the pride of Gaius vs. the people he 's sworn to protect -RRB- is n't a grabber .
It 's not the strongest Shakespeare play in the world , but it 's a striking adaptation well worth a look .
Powerful hand-held Shakespeare from rookie Ralph Fiennes , directing himself and Vanessa Redgrave . Engrossing , timely war tragedy will play to smart demo and Academy voters .
Ralph Fiennes 's Coriolanus is a bloody , testosterone-filled updating of Shakespeare 's play , shot and performed with real vigour . This is the Bard done action-movie style .
As directing debuts go , Coriolanus could easily pass for the work of an accomplished master , and though the storytelling lends itself to easy confusion -LRB- owing more to the source material than to the execution -RRB- , the emotional impact reads loud and clear .
Bumpy though the film is as a whole , the handful of terrific scenes it gives one of our great actresses means it 's hardly to be sniffed at .
The great strength of Fiennes 's film is simply its clarity and intelligence .
Fiennes fully rises to the challenge of the role : petulant , brave , arrogant , loyal only -LRB- to an almost homoerotic extent -RRB- to fellow soldiers , but fatally in thrall to his stronger mother .

@highlight

Visceral and visually striking , Ralph Fiennes ' Coriolanus proves Shakespeare can still be both electrifying and relevant in a modern context .