How She Move is fun to watch while it 's on its feet and moving . But when the music stops , so does our consideration .
Shows that there 's more to Canadian film than icy introspection , but it also shows they can wallow in formula as thickly as their Yank counterparts .
Another week , another urban dance movie from the United States .
The formula is so old that you can almost forgive it . What I could n't forgive is the soap opera/O.C . - like subplots .
... has little new going for it beyond a boatload of energy and enthusiasm . And pure formula .
Thumbing its nose at music video ho 's as sex wallpaper , How She Move 's got muscular gritty girl power , as females challenge the greater strength and energy of the male performers on their own turf .
The film does have great energy , and some fabulous dancing , but the script could have done with another draft .
It 's a familiar set-up , but while the story falls back on clichés and trite moral messages , a few dance scenes deliver in spectacular style .
The dance scenes are fun to watch but the script 's not too light on its feet .
With its trite story the film is never going to impress the average critic , but there is energy and passion that make the film work for its target audience , and the choreography is inventive .
Disappointing dance drama that suffers from a badly scripted plot , dull performances and poorly choreographed dance routines .
Seriously , it is nuts the way these kids dance .
The screenplay saddles the characters with too many scenes revolving around tired dialogue , but director Ian Iqbal Rashid compensates by staging the vigorous dance sequences as if his life -- or at least his career -- depended on it .
How She Move is as lazy about its good intentions as most of the other recent dance dramas that may vaguely come to mind .
Newcomer Rutina Wesley brings dynamite physicality and haunted intellect to How She Move .
Where , oh where , did this beautiful film come from ?
It 's actually fairly impressive how many cliches the screenwriter can squeeze into the script .
... any misgivings get swept aside whenever the dancing starts , and fortunately , it does n't stop for long .
The film does the right things well enough that it 's a satisfying , if hardly earth-shattering experience .
When they dance , the effect is n't exuberant release -- every cartilage-crushing stomp-clap gets more and more furious . This is cheerleading in hell .
Urban dance drama is formulaic yet entertaining .
How She Move was shot on the cheap in 16-mm . film , and some of it is a little drab-looking , but it has energy and bravado .
In its re-edit , Paramount tries to hide the cultural specificity that makes the movie interesting beneath generic ` urban ' camouflage .
The thin and predictable plot benefits from likable performances by Wesley , Armstrong , and the rest of the cast , from some distinctive detail about the Caribbean immigrant population and their community , and from some smokin ' dance moves .
As formula films go , How She Move achieves exactly what it sets out to do .
A dance movie that tries to push beyond the formula . In that sense , it 's certainly a step up .
Carefully mastered steps are combined with an outrageous physicality to create movement that is part tap , rhythmic gymnastics , military precision and even pratfall comedy . The short film , though , detrimentally shoehorns the plot cliche between the dance .
As we replay last year 's step-dance hit Stomp the Yard , the ostensible message about working hard in school gets stomped out of the yard .
The dancing is worth sitting through the talking .
There 's not much that 's surprising in How She Move , but watching how she moves is a pleasure .
How She Move is n't a great film or even a terribly well-made film , but it has its moments and , of course , it has the ending it 's promised all along .
The dance scenes in How She Move are so vibrant and infectious that they glide the movie past its script problems .
Most of the energy lost through a leaky narrative pours back in the dance sequences , choreographed by Hi Hat , presented competently by director Ian Iqbal Rashid , working with what is obviously a restricted budget .
Even if the setting is novel and the leads seem authentic , How She Move is all too content to step down a well-worn path .
The strong acting , spectacular dance routines and culturally specific details in How She Move turn clichés into catharsis .
How She Move gets it right in every dance sequence , but stumbles badly whenever the characters step offstage -LRB- or a car hood , or the sidewalk , or wherever they happen to be practicing -RRB- .
Do n't go for the plot . Go for the dancing . It 's electrifying .
The story leans into cliché at times and at other times does n't quite make sense , but there 's an energy about How She Move that makes it work regardless .
Honestly , this is a carbon copy of every other ` got ta dance ' flick ever made , down to the cheesy emcees who host the big dance-off -LRB- it 's in Detroit ! -RRB- and the wannabe heart-tugging conclusion .
Though it may sound like it , How She Move is not just another dance-off flick .
The plot is serviceable enough , but it 's really just an excuse to showcase some remarkably original choreography and athletic dancing .
A grittier , slightly more real-world version of movies like Step Up , Stomp the Yard , and Save the Last Dance .
The inventive dance sequences are expertly staged -- the percussive , aggressive rhythms of stepping come through vividly , laced with touches of sly humor and assertive sexiness -- and the youthful cast consistently chooses grit over gloss .
Though the story is predictable , How She Move has two key assets : powerful dance sequences and an emphasis on education .
In the increasingly crowded field of movies based on urban dance , How She Move stands out as a well-written and well-acted drama with an appeal that reaches beyond dance fanatics .
How She Move sure has got the moves . And even if we 've seen so many of them before , its young cast delivers the goods with such gusto and drive that the familiarity breeds more enjoyment than contempt .
Hollywood 's latest , annoyingly ungrammatically titled offering in the seemingly endless line of hip-hop musicals , all possessing basically the same storyline and motivation .
Thanks to earnest performances and flat-out amazing dancing , the fairly predictable inner-city drama of How She Move feels surprisingly fresh .
... a run of the mill film for teens into the music and dancing .
You might see the ending of How She Move coming from the first frame , but you 'll tap your toes the entire way .
Does n't exactly break any new ground . But the terrific dance numbers on display should please its teenage target audience .
Move has heart , respect , and some incredible acting newcomers , making it late to the party , but ending up the best feet-first creation yet .
While the story is familiar and the outcome a forgone conclusion , newcomer Wesley cuts a dynamic visage having almost the same effect upon me as `` Ugly Betty '' star America Ferrera did in her sensational debut Real Women Have Curves .
I ca n't actually say that I will ever sit through it again in my lifetime but I must confess that I found myself getting far more engrossed by the film than I could have possibly expected to be when I sat down to watch it
Beating up on How She Move is like criticizing a 5-year old who just made a Mother 's Day card for his mommy .
That Raya 's rhythmic , stomp-heavy dance performances provide her with an outlet for rage and grief would be more corny if Wesley 's dancing was n't so ferocious , and if Rashid 's depiction of his tale 's run-down milieu and its underground dance scene did n't
... the latest urban music drama from MTV Films ... manages to give a familiar story a vivid jolt of character .
How She Move is a solid addition to the dance genre 's dance card .
Almost worth watching for the dancing alone , but you should watch it for the simplicity of the story and the earnestness of the characters instead .
She move good !
How She Move was nominated for the grand jury and audience award prizes at last year 's Sundance Film Festival thanks to its ingratiating sincerity , a winning cast and musical numbers that could rouse the dead . Or even the Norwegian .
Anyone who 's seen any recent movie about troubled youngsters expressing themselves through dance-offs has essentially already seen this .
This step-dancing drama is mired in cliche , but with its dingy ghetto settings and hardened , despondent young characters , it 's marginally more interesting than Stomp the Yard .
The characters and situations have n't changed much , but the energy level is high and the moral-that you can aspire to escape the old neighborhood without abandoning all that 's good in it-is one we hear too seldom .
If you 're only seeing it because your Stomp the Yard DVD broke , you 'll still be disappointed .
How She Move proves you ca n't judge a film by its plot line , even if it sounds suspiciously similar to a few other movies about stomping the yard and dreaming your dream and dancing like you mean it .
The story itself is a hodgepodge of devices , conceits and half-baked motives , but amid the dissing and the dancing are affecting moments , usually quieter ones , between people at war who should n't be .
Somewhere between the acrobatic dance sequences and lead-footed script of How She Move there exist fleeting glimpses of a serious film that could have been .
Along with the dancing , the earnest performances and handheld cinematography imbue the film with the feeling of a carefully planned documentary .
How She Move , quite simply , does n't move . Instead , the dreary , familiar tale unspools in painfully static fashion . If there 's a glimmer of imagination here , it 's not visible in the finished product .
How She Move has the distinction of being the most visually stylized movie yet made about the hip-hop generation .
How She Move , which screened at last year 's Sundance , wears its low budget on its sleeve ; the upshot is a cast of unknowns who are naturals .
It 's a little bit earnest , it 's a little bit afterschool-special-y , but its young newcomer cast is highly appealing , its spirit is honest and affecting .
For once , the movie -- written by Annmarie Morais and directed by Ian Iqbal Rashid with a gritty overlay of 16 mm grain -- regards book learning as at least as important as physical prowess .
Accolades are in order for the inspired performances delivered by the two talented young leads , Juilliard-grad Rutina Wesley and dancer-turned-actress Tre Armstrong in this refreshingly-intelligent , inner-city melodrama .
Moody , intelligent take on conventional material .




@highlight

Despite a formulaic plot , the energetic and gritty How She Move is elevated by a commanding debut performance by Rutina Wesley .