I want to see what this movie would have been like if the people who made Scott Pilgrim of Wreck it Ralph made this movie ... it would have been interesting , at least they understand their source material .
The result is like the old videogames : they do not have a plausible narrative ... and if they have some remarkable audiovisual effects -LRB- for the time -RRB- , they do not offer a resolution ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Q-bert terrified out of his mind , watches a child play The Last of Us , as Adam Sandler quips `` is this the most violent game you have ever seen '' . Of course , the writers then ruin that goodwill built up by having him piss blocks
With echoes of Ghostbusters and Independence Day , it 's an entertaining but uneven affair , with the action moving swiftly from India to London to New York .
Pixels is a simple story about video game nerds who get a chance to save the day .
It would be so easy to lambast Pixels as a cravenly lazy , creatively defunct , possible Ponzi scheme in which audience dollars are siphoned into Adam Sandler 's private jet fund .
In its favor , I will grant that it is inoffensive : you could take your kids to it , which is n't true of most of Sandler 's oeuvre . But really , your kids deserve better .
For those of us whose childhood was spent on these games , this comedy will rank high on nostalgia . But that 's about it , because this is an Adam Sandler movie after all .
We all knew it could be a particularly bad movie but no one ever expected it to become such a flat and poorly made film so dependent on the tired humor of an exhausted Adam Sandler . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I did not laugh a single time during this movie .
The movie defines `` safe '' , covering all the family-friendly bases with the sincerity of a Las Vegas casino lounge act .
Not as bad as advance word - the words being `` Adam Sandler movie '' - would suggest . Still ...
Bad movie `` Pixels '' is just the latest pock mark on Adam Sandler 's still downtrending career , only noteworthy in its unprecedented slothfulness .
The idea and the potential is there , however , with Hollywood 's favourite man-child there to show us the way - yes , we 're looking at you Mr. Sandler - you ca n't help but feel that this could have been something great , had it landed in someone else 's lap .
Pixels feels like a wasted opportunity . Kids today wo n't care , while big kids will just despair .
It 's a neat idea for a parody disaster film but it 's wholly lost in this melange of underwritten characters and awful dialogue .
There are one or two funny jokes in here but they mostly serve to remind us -LRB- as does a brief cameo from Dan Akroyd -RRB- that there are funnier films we could be watching .
There 's literally not one thing about the plot , characters , tone , morality , or basic comprehensibility about the scenario in this form that works .
There is the occasional laugh-out-loud gag , the action is well done and there 's certain nostalgia to watching Pac-Man tear up New York . But playing Space Invaders offers more surprises .
Adam Sandler does n't care what you think . If he did , Pixels would be a meaningful comedy filled with hilarious observations about the world in which we live .
If you 're old enough to remember the likes of Frogger and Q-Bert , you 're probably too old for the film 's generally puerile humour .
There was room to surround the undeniably beautiful video-game scenes with moments of nostalgic wit , but Pixels is , unfortunately , mostly a long , dreary slog .
Pixels creates a world where the citizens willingly elected Paul Blart , Mall Cop as president , and yet I 'm expected to root for these people in their fight against the aliens .
There are scenes in the surreally lazy , occasionally funny Pixels in which Sandler 's face slips into the exact same weary , disgruntled expression he wears in Funny People .
A film about video games for people who hate video games .
Poisoned by a noxious sexism that even Pac-Man -- not to mention Ms. Pac Man -- would find hard to swallow .
Coming up short in terms of both humour and story , Pixels runs out of lives well before the closing credits .
Pixels calms down and does n't contain a lot of internal logic , but with Monaghan and Dinklage to do the heavy lifting , it manages to stay afloat .
Overlong , overcooked , overextended and over-everythinged but never amusing .
Pixels ' predecessors , such as Ghostbusters , had an irreverent disrespect for authority and a deadpan outlook , but few of the many elements here are developed beyond the rudimentary .
An excellent idea turned into a children 's film where almost every joke is aimed at people over 30 .
Pixels really is a well-made , totally harmless , highly enjoyable piece of family film confection , and it 's hard to connect the venomous reviews with the film that 's up there on the screen ... Sandler must be laughing his heads off at his haters .
It 's not as bad as you 've heard .
Dinklage and Gad bring an energy to their performances that Sandler conspicuously lacks . However , it 's hardly enough . Saving the world is one thing ; saving the film is a bigger challenge .
Though Sandler and his castmates lazily coast along throughout this erratic comedy-adventure affair , Pixels is not entirely devoid of creative merit .
Pixels is an idea that worked better in other formats - none of which are a movie connected to Adam Sandler and Kevin James .
`` There is an actual story backbone , told efficiently , with regular laughs , committed performances and a believable throughline on friendship , love and other well-worn themes . ''
Overall , it is not a total misfire , as some kids may like it . However , Sandler , who is talented , needs to start making some better movies .
The effects are well done , but sometimes they overwhelm the on-screen action .
Adam Sandler reboots some nostalgically familiar 1980s arcade video games - and his noisome man-child persona - but pushes all the wrong buttons with this lame sci-fi action comedy .
This exercise in Eighties computer-game nostalgia is strangely misconceived .
The concept is n't without promise , but the way it has been patterned after every other zero-to-hero Sandler opus ensures this is `` Game Over '' from the start .
Saving graces , almost : an insanely ripe performance by Peter Dinklage and a surreal moment involving Hall & Oates .
James and Sandler just look bored playing the same buffoons they 've been playing for years .
Pixels is devoid of cynicism and it has a cheerfully cheesy vibe , and it 's the kind of movie you 'll forget about a week after seeing it .
It 's got all the thrills and spills of an arcade classic and does n't need a cheat code to make you laugh .
It 's the cinematic equivalent of receiving a supermarket brand deodorant gift set on Christmas morning : you do n't want it , you 'll never use it , and frankly , it stinks .
There 's a certain thrill to seeing humans face off against Frogger . If only as much care had been put into the living characters as the pixelated ones .
Pixels are infinitesimally small points of light - and there are , astonishingly , a scattering of them to be found in this otherwise typically abominable project from Adam Sandler 's Happy Madison Productions .
God knows who the big-budget Adam Sandler blockbuster Pixels is aimed at .
Any planet where president Kevin James retains greater voice than eerily mute first lady Jane Krakowski surely is n't worth defending .
Pixels just is n't funny -- at all -- and it 's forced to resort to simple knockabout humour , unsophisticated wordplay and childish slapstick .
At many times throughout this film , you 'd rather be watching someone play a 106-minute game of Pong .
Adam Sandler imagines himself as the savior of the planet . And then it gets even more puffed up with arrogance and all manner of masturbatory fantasy .
Vaguely aims for a Ghostbusters vibe and falls far short with its mixture of flashy special effects , lazy nostalgia for 1980s pop culture and a flippant script that veers uncomfortably between family entertainment and adult wisecracks .
As a movie experience , Pixels is a little like fishing the marshmallows out of your Lucky Charms . Take out a couple good jokes and some computer-generated-imagery action and you 're stuck with a lot of bland , soggy filler .
The first half of the movie takes full advantage of its '80s setting ... unfortunately it all goes downhill from there . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There are two kinds of film fans : Those who like Adam Sandler 's sense of humor , and those who do n't .
Sandler unfortunately brings nothing new to the table .
It does just enough to work . Perhaps low expectations contributed to my overall enjoyment of it-an understandable state of mind given recent Kevin James and Adam Sandler films-and it may be slight , but Pixels is admittedly fun .
The jokes are rarely funny . Many are actually excruciating .
Adam Sandler seems to just be coasting whatever is left of his career , resigned to the fact that his game was over long ago .
Nostalgia is a wonder and a cheat . The right touchstone can make the most discerning movie-goer forgive a film as lazy as Pixels . Almost .
I felt a wave of nostalgia when I saw the trailer for Pixels a few months ago . After viewing the finished product , I am here to report that Pixels is legitimately awful . Like , in-your-face awful .
The movie can stuff in as many beloved arcade game characters as it wants , but it will never compensate for its lazy storytelling , awful characters , blatant misogyny , and deeply unsettling moral code .
The final hemorrhaging of arcade icons , smeared by light-dulling 3-D glasses , prompted me to jot `` jellybean vomit '' in my notebook . Let 's see Columbia Pictures use that blurb in a Pixels ad .
Fails to deliver anything really entertaining . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A poorly crafted film that is a poor tribute to the '80s classics it tries to imitate . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A light comedy with a heavy dose of nostalgia . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's far from what it could 've been , but it 's not as bad as you think . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A waste of money and time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's been a while since we 've seen a movie so unique and so fresh . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's mainly suited for very forgiving Sandler fanatics that have become a dwindling community over the years .
As bad as Pixels is , you have to hand it to Sandler for finally starring in a summer comedy that 's more than just a thinly veiled and even more thinly scripted excuse for a vacation with his buddies .
There 's a certain honesty in its awfulness ; a naked stupidity that many other summer movies would waste time trying to hide behind carefully pre-vised set piece action and dropped in character sketches .
Welcome to the End of the World , Adam Sandler-style .
Though it ought to have inspired something tremendously amusing , the movie functions like a rally of egos down at the story conference workshop .
as tedious as watching someone > else < play Donkey Kong for an hour and a half with someone who refuses to share the joystick and mocks you for asking .
This is a film in which a viewer can be forgiven for rooting for the old video game icons to annihilate humanity . God help us if the best savior we can muster is Sandler .
A sloppy , sci-fi comedy bust ...
`` Pixels '' is proof that you should never give a good idea to Adam Sandler , for the same reason you do n't let a toddler prepare an expensive lobster dinner - because it 's wasteful and will end with an unpalatable mess .
Often playing like Ghostbusters if it had been made by Billy Bob Thornton 's Slingblade character , Pixels is sloppy in virtually every department .
This is a lazy f *** ing movie .
Michelle Monoghan 's Violet , a high-ranking military officer who always stays out of the boys ' way , plays well within Gamergate rules .
... soulless high-concept comedy that aspires to be the new ` Ghostbusters . ' Lacking a scintilla of imagination and charm , it 's more like a sci-fi ` Deuce Bigelow . ' All that 's missing : Rob Schneider on the sidelines urging ` You can do it ! '
... too adult for children and too childish for adults ... There have been lots of ridiculous ideas for films foisted on the paying public , but this takes the cake .
If you have fond memories of playing arcade games as a kid or do n't want to watch a bunch of grown men act like eight year olds , then stay far away from this force-fed , regurgitated , feces spewing , and absolutely atrocious excuse for a comedy .
Director Chris Columbus and the rest of the team lean heavily on the concept , visuals and jokes , whether they serve the story or not .
Despite a solid premise and talented supporting cast , Pixels is another shallow addition to Adam Sandler 's product line .
If you can get past a knee-jerk reaction to Adam Sandler and Kevin James , Pixels can be a lot of fun .
They should have gone full Sharknado campy .
It even has a few laughs and a few nostalgic riffs . But eventually , like an old arcade game , the whole thing feels two-dimensional , and all surface .
It 's an undeniably silly picture , but it 's lovingly silly , which makes it go down a lot more smoothly than you 'd expect .
This is just a lot of chomp-chomp-chomp and point tallies wafting upward whenever something game-oriented is blown up .
Mostly this is a messy attempt to make a movie for 10-year-olds built entirely on Gen X nostalgia , requiring expository descriptions of every video game premise between the tossed-off pop culture references .
Perfect movie for those who still have their mullets and remember playing Pac Man as the best times of their lives .
... an ill-conceived action comedy that swallows your change without advancing past the first level .
Action , some raunchy humor in alien-attack sci-fi comedy .
Often fun and fanciful , though kids may not get the endless 1980s references .
For fans of Sandler 's broad studio comedy , Pixels will go down easy . Everyone else should watch Patrick Jean 's ingenious short film that inspired Pixels .
Once Sandler slumps into frame , the illusion is popped , keeping `` Pixels '' frustratingly uneven , but periodically sensational .
A collection of 1980s references in search of jokes .
These man-child hero films have n't worked since the late 90 's .
Sandler 's best in awhile , but that 's a pretty low bar to go by . Had a lot of potential that 's wasted by the usual Happy Madison shtick .
This movie is aimed squarely at my nostalgia , and thus many things I hold sacred have been desecrated by this unholy mess of a film .
If you go to this movie for the spectacle of seeing these legendary pixels realized on the big screen in 3-D , you 're going to get your money 's worth . -LRB- Full Content Review - Violence , Sexual Content , Profanity , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
Pixels is a movie without wit , without jokes , with nothing to say but plenty to regurgitate .
When one considers how good this material might have been if placed in the right hands , to see it squandered this way makes it almost more painful to view than the typical Sandler stinker .
The epitome of an idea that far outweighs its execution , `` Pixels '' is a bittersweet blunder that had all of the elements to be geeky great but ends up being cheesy mediocre . I could literally feel its potential , but the film ultimately fails to realize it .
The arcade characters are far more vivid and have more personality than the humans in the story .
All of this is , in '80s - speak , like , grody to the max .
There are amusing touches too : some funny dialogue -LRB- especially in the early scenes -RRB- , a wealth of retro - '80s musical nostalgia on the soundtrack and several amusing guest-star cameos .
Pixels operates on the Big Bang Theory model of geek comedy , the one that pretends to not be secretly thumbing its nose at the whole thing while benefitting handsomely from it .
The premise is clever , the effects are good and it was nice seeing Pac Man again but Pixels is stretched way too thin for its own good . Are kids really going to care about this 80 's throwback ?
Some movies are so interminable that it seems they might never end , while others are assembled with such indifference that you are essentially left waiting for them to start . `` Pixels '' somehow manages both .
A real-life Space Invaders story that might have made for dumb , exciting fun if everyone involved did n't seem bored to tears , director Chris Columbus and star Adam Sandler very much included .
-LSB- T -RSB- he statement ` and Kevin James as the President of the United States ' is the funniest thing about these actors ' presence here .
`` Pixels '' is a special-effects eyeful burdened by the fact that it is also yet another film in which Adam Sandler plays a man-child who somehow turns the head of an attractive woman .
Much money and programming power have been devoted to making modern CG approximate old '80s arcade icons , and the effect is blocky , nostalgic , and not a little charming -- right down to the retro arcade sounds .
Love for the era and respect for these games is what makes Pixels so enjoyable .
This amiable Ghostbusters knockoff is unusually competent for a Sandler comedy .
A ton of cameos by the likes of Serena Williams , Martha Stewart , and many others pop up with the regularity of thrown Donkey Kong barrels .
`` Pixels '' may feel flatter to kids of the '80s than it does to moviegoers too young to have known Pac-Man from Ant-Man .
While the concept is a cut above the usual Sandler swill , the comedy is n't . The script might as well have been penned by the same clueless aliens doing the invading .
A sharper movie would have nailed these peripheral details , but they 're handled with lazy , `` Sandlerian '' indifference .
A mildly amusing nostalgia trip , and probably the funniest movie ever to feature both James and Adam Sandler . -LRB- Not a high bar . -RRB-
The bottom line is this : Pixels is as sloppy and lazy as most Adam Sandler comedies , but there 's fun to be had for those willing to overlook its flaws , of which there are many .
Good-natured , laugh-out-loud fun .
Long before you 've gotten a nickel 's worth of entertainment out of this dumb , unfunny flick , you 'll be wishing for the flashing sign that says `` Game over . ''
It manages to achieve the weird feat of feeling overlong and choppy at the same time , like someone edited the film with a pair of garden shears .
With all this talent and built-in market appeal , why is Pixels such a shrill and shallow movie experience starved of wit , intelligence , emotion and snappy pacing ?
You get the feeling the boys spent the nine-figure budget on trips to Hooters .
A top contender for this year 's title of Silly Satisfying Summer Cinema .
The experience is an exercise in cringing at bad one-liners and stomaching dumb plot devices before saying , `` Aww , look , Q-Bert ! ''
Sandler does n't appear to be trying terribly hard , and Gad gets sucked into that humor vacuum , going after laughs with a palpable desperation and adopting Sandler 's signature move of yelling for no apparent reason .
`` Pixels '' is a blast of energetic fun ... the novelty of nostalgic video game characters as space invaders sustains the film , thanks to the spectacularly executed and original effects .
I see Pixels as a 3D metaphor for Hollywood 's digital assault on our eyes and brains . Not funny . Just relentless and exhausting .
Even on its own silly terms , Pixels is not a very good movie ; it 's painted up like a Ghostbusters-style fantasy-comedy but plays like so many slapdash Happy Madison productions before it .
It feels like Sandler & Co. just sort of showed up to the set in sweatpants to horse around with the props and they filmed it .
This movie is ridiculous , but in watching it , you realize that it 's been a long time since a live-action summer movie had the nerve to be ridiculous .
Yet another misfire from Adam Sandler 's Happy Madison Productions ... juvenile in every conceivable respect , less coarse than Sandler 's recent vehicles but unhappily not much more engaging .
Sandler 's own films , if they continue their pattern , seem destined for a similar fate as Brenner 's old video games - buried in the past with those who accidentally come across them in the future wondering how anyone enjoyed them in the first place .
Here 's a shocker : In Pixels , his latest , Adam Sandler plays a stunted man-child who turns out to be very , very special .
like the second rate leavings of `` Wreck-It Ralph '' by way of an Adam Sandler family movie attempting to pre-board the rebooted Ghostbusters 80 's nostalgia bandwagon .
Adam Sandler and his crew are the only people who could put less thought and effort into a 100-minute feature film than the original filmmaker put into a two-and-a-half-minute short .
Theoretically , this could have been a lot of fun , particular for those with fond memories of '80s video gamery .
Calling Pixels one of Sandler 's better movies is like calling a particular strain of Ebola somewhat less horrifically painful ; either way , it 's not pleasant .
Chris Columbus delivers a movie made for kids and adults alike . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Unapologetically ridiculous and most definitely slight , but neither of these traits takes away how fun it is . Younger viewers may not understand most of the references , but they will quickly be caught up in the pure adventure of it all , as well .
Resembles its own remarks about predictable patterns in the circuitry of arcade games : here is a series of crass caricatures , obvious setups and payoffs -LRB- not to mention a woman problem ... -RRB- , further suffocated by overweening commercialism ...
Though `` Pixels '' may be hard to respect or fully endorse , it 's also impossible to dislike .
Pixels ends up having too many glitches to make it worth your quarters .
Pixels is the button-masher of movies : brainless , obvious and only fun in short , five-minute bursts .
Part of the problem is that it 's unclear who the filmmakers think their audience is . This is a big-budget spectacle about 1980s nostalgia aimed at kids who have no emotional connection to the decade . Pixels is also insanely sexist .
As bad as Sandler 's movies have gotten , they 've retained a demented strangeness that at least gave them a distinctive air of feverish oddity . `` Pixels , '' by comparison , is just a blandly polished bore .
It 's hard not to look at Pixels and feel like Sandler & Co. missed a huge opportunity here .
For a movie that 's supposedly about delivering weightless , uncomplicated fun , `` Pixels '' is an overwhelmingly sad experience .
Save your quarter .
The most bittersweet quality of Pixels is that it 's afraid to be a smart movie about video games . Even as a video game nerd , Sandler has to keep assuring us he 's the cool dumb guy . Would n't it suck to be smart ?
Moronic jokes , lame action and depictions of middle-aged neuroses . In other words : a Sandler movie .
Sandler 's character so frequently and lazily insults people that his name should be Judgy McDickFace .
When you run the equation that made Pixels into a feature -- a 3-minute short about 8-bit creatures times 90 minutes and divided by a 2-bit script -- it 's us who are on the losing side of this loud , boring game thanks to Sandler 's smug smirk .
For anyone over the age of 10 , this videogame-derived disaster movie will just be a disaster .
Ironically , just as the movie points out that the vintage games are most beatable because they follow patterns , Pixels will get a deserved critical beatdown because of the way it does likewise .
A just-for-fun and mostly benign all-ages romp that doubles as a giddy tip of the cap to those who remember pumping quarter after quarter into coin-op arcade games .
Pixels requires a lot of disbelief , but it is a blast to behold and a good way to see Sandler do something at a higher level .
With thrilling action , stunning visuals , and some really well timed comedy ; it 's the best Adam Sandler film we 've gotten in a while .
The comedic parts of Pixels must have been experiencing a technical glitch , because I can count the amount of times I laughed on one hand -LRB- most thanks to a fake Toru Iwatani -RRB- .
Pixels plays the Ghostbusters card hard , clothing its warriors in matching jumpsuits and swarming them with cheering New York crowds . But these gestures feel unearned .
A middle finger aimed right at the audience .
The point of `` Pixels '' - other than some genuinely thrilling SFX of matter evaporating into digitized blocks of confetti - is the dumb message that guys who peaked in middle school totally deserve hot girlfriends because of their awesome gaming skills
Not the worst idea for a kid-friendly comedy . It might have worked , had they built it around Dinklage and dumped Sandler and his cronies -LRB- Dan Patrick , et al -RRB-
While the package should be amply attractive to a broad family audience , what 's inside it might prove a bit tame for many adults and not enough fun for kids ...
Adam Sandler looks as depressed as a film critic who has to keep reviewing Adam Sandler comedies .
Within the rarified realm of 1980s videogame nostalgia , Pixels is no Wreck-It-Ralph .
A dimwitted '80s nostalgia trip best appreciated by those who have waited years for Adam Sandler 's fine-grained intelligence and Chris Columbus ' filmmaking mastery to finally converge .
You can see the calculations of the filmmakers - Hey , let 's put in a cute kid ! Let 's add a funny animated sidekick ! - but you ca n't see why they wanted to make this film in the first place .
When Pixels is n't focusing on its battles with Pac-Man , Donkey Kong and Centipede , it feels like a lot of other bad Sandler movies .
There are legitimate excuses for going to see `` Pixels . '' Losing a bet , perhaps . Having a loved one held for ransom . Maybe a serious blow to the head .
The key image in ` Pixels ' is Q * bert urinating .
This is a Happy Madison production , and as such it 's exhaustively lazy , outside of its righteous dedication to the valorization of the man-child .
Custom made to appeal to all audiences , but not in the way that actually works . There is n't something for everyone , there 's just nothing for no one .

@highlight

Much like the worst arcade games from the era that inspired it , Pixels has little replay value and is hardly worth a quarter .