Just who are the savages ?
The critique of England 's patronizing imperialism is right on .
Cinematographer Darius Khondji shoots the film in lush greens and smoky , dreamy hazes , resulting in scene after scene of gorgeous cinematography .
Lost City of Z is beautifully shot by Darius Khondji yet lacks a dramatic arc matching its length .
The Lost City of Z is an exploration epic that will leave you breathless .
... a thoughtfully melded ripping yarn , journey of self-discovery and gentle rebuke of the `` civilized '' world 's myopia .
If there 's a movie so far this year you need to see on the big screen , it 's this one . Its rich story , performances , and lush visuals should be taken in at the theater , where you can fully immerse yourself .
The verdant unknown of Amazonia has its way with Fawcett and our senses , reflecting a profound component of human nature .
-LSB- Lost City -RSB- may be rewriting history , but when you take the film on its own terms , it 's a nuanced , thrilling portrait of a man fighting convention and prejudice .
Lost City of Z is a lush and sweeping study of colonization and masculine pride .
Gorgeous cinematography and inspired performances are thrown off by clunky editing to make ` The Lost City of Z ' an unbalanced , but fascinating watch .
Charlie Hunnam plays Fawcett with great command and emotional depth . Whether it 's the physical transformations or the emotional ups and downs , he gets the soul of the character bang on .
Dialogue , characterisation , action ... nothing hits the spot reliably enough for that vital suspension of disbelief . There 's no feeling of truth , no sense of reality on show here .
His film is sober , almost devoid of melodramatic accents , but not flat and bland .
Yes , it 's an entertaining product , very well acted and impeccably filmed , but having read the source material , I ca n't help but think that it could have been much more . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An ideosyncrasy piece that surpasses the classic Hollywood experience without abandoning it entirely . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A coherent , transcendent and rocky work . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A calculated and wise attempt to recover the primeval taste of a cinema as a builder of lost worlds . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It takes us deep into the unimaginable and gives it depth and context ; and , in the process , what began as a simple adventure gains melancholy and capacity to terrify and charm at the same time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A family drama whose guiding themes are sacrifice and abandonment of loved ones , rather than survival in the jungle . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of those vigorous adventure films that are no longer made . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
James Gray 's latest , and best , film is a knockout - a visually woozy , thematically textured , narratively patient , emotionally powerful and expertly existential El Dorado story of a nigh-narcotic addiction to name-making , masculinity and legacy .
There 's some irony in an amazing story lost in a film about an amazing city lost in the jungle .
This lavish-looking , leisurely told , large-scale adventure yarn ... contains pretty much everything you 'd expect : encounters with wild animals , wild humans , dangerous river rides , attacks from natives ... and , of course , having to eat unsavoury things .
The film ... is too scattershot in its approach to have much impact .
Commits hard to the idea that real life has a decidedly unsatisfying narrative flow .
To watch The Lost City of Z is to stare deep into the splendour of untamed nature , and to appreciate the mystery and allure that comes simply from looking .
Director James Gray 's biopic The Lost City of Z does a serious disservice to Fawcett 's varied , trying experiences , making a fascinating story sluggish , erroneous , and dull .
Charlie Hunnam is excellent as Percy , and Robert Pattinson is charming in a low-key role as his sidekick , but the film 's emotional center belongs to Sienna Miller .
You 'll leave your scepticism at the door if you 're going to have a good time here .
Lost City serves up more genuine excitement than most of its artificially inflated competitors .
The jungle scenes are marvellous , the ` savages ' are beautiful and exotic , and the mantra that a man 's ` reach should be greater than his grasp ' clearly articulated .
The dream to find a lost civilization is the focus of this enthralling and involving adventure film whose themes of bravery , sacrifice and obsession play out on a spectacular reality in the unforgiving South American Jungle .
This epic story is balanced by a nuanced and natural drama .
One of the most beautiful and mysterious of all existentialist adventure films receives a deservedly lush and subtle transfer .
It was a big , bold , and ambitious attempt , but ultimately Gray 's reach simply exceeded his grasp .
There are very few surprises in The Lost City of Z .
A gorgeous , moody exercise that is equal parts character study and adventure .
While it did n't exactly make me feel anything , I 'm confident that for others , the elements are there to be felt .
It 's very much a classic adventure movie , and I enjoyed it very much .
`` The Lost City of Z '' is flush with the sort of breathtaking stuff that even the most amazing CGI ca n't provide . Cinematographer Darius Khondji is the obvious hero , but a lot of the credit goes to the cast .
The Lost City of Z is a stimulating reconstruction of one man 's quest , over decades , for a vanished South American civilisation .
Gray and Khondji remain ceaseless in their commitment to a kind of classical visual storytelling that Hollywood rarely delivers on these days .
You 'll be interested in ` The Lost City of Z ' only if you enjoy adventure tales , non-fiction films or history . And that 's a pretty wide audience .
What we have here are essentially two different films , and I 'm not fully convinced much of the first is required to reap the benefits of a far more rich and ambitious second ... a missed opportunity .
Both the story of Fawcett 's adventures and his family life are effectively told by writer-director James Gray . This is the kind of movie that makes you want to research the people and events depicted and find out more about them .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- a tad bit too long , -LSB- but -RSB- The Lost City of Z never falls short of either excitement , or visual aesthetics .
a fascinating portrait of both the limits of human knowledge and the insatiable drive to discover more
It has definite integrity , a painterly beauty and a cumulative emotional power , but it misses the madness of Herzog , the poetry of Malick and the muscle of Coppola , to cite filmmakers who each emerged from the wilds with true treasure : a masterpiece .
The message , which we learn several times , is that it 's a jungle out there .
At times filled with mist and awe , and at other times thrillingly heart-racing -LRB- arrows-they shoot right at you ! -RRB- , The Lost City of Z feels like a gem dug out from a time capsule .
Its lack of wonderment - also absent political confession such as Rudyard Kipling 's concept of the white man 's burden - typifies our obtuse contemporary movie culture .
Even when The Lost City of Z 's minor flaws do crop up , they are quickly washed over by moments that get your mind fluttering or simply leave you in a state of awe .
Dreamy , elusive , even spectral spectacle of lives haunted by what jungle exploration could reveal about man and civilization .
Its look is gorgeously naturalistic , its pace leisurely , its mood verging on trancelike , with moments when the real and surreal effortlessly meld .
The film is sumptuously shot in a way that makes the lush setting both sprawling and intimate , and a timeless source both of calm and danger .
The British explorer does it his way but is swallowed up by the rainforest in the end .
Expertly moves from high-class costume drama to jungle adventure trekking to grim war film . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Nudity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
An epic , wandering , sometimes ponderous adventure through an unknown landscape riddled with unwelcome dangers and unexpected treasures .
Gray never quite pulls us into Fawcett 's obsession , but his respectful , respectable picture keeps us watching , interested if not deeply involved .
The Lost City of Z is one of the year 's most ambitious films , and moviegoing adventurers will make some thought-provoking discoveries in this search through the jungle , as well as the conscience .
Gray gives everything he has to `` The Lost City of Z , '' which is n't an easy sit , but rewards with its attention to detail and fondness for the unknown .
In the end Z becomes an entertaining travelogue of minor character in history that unfortunately turns back just as the water gets choppy .
A mesmerizing quest movie about a British explorer 's dangerous expeditions to the Amazon rainforest .
There is much to admire in this throwback to the best of epic Hollywood filmmaking in the 1970s .
They do n't make them like this any more .
Miller 's riveting , heartfelt portrayal etches a delicate picture underneath the colorful , wild portrait of Fawcett - of the losses suffered at home in service of greater ambitions and fantastical dreams .
In The Lost City of Z , Charlie Hunnam plays something of a woke Indiana Jones .
James Gray 's sprawling , yet superficial adventure saga about an explorer obsessed with Amazon River exploration a century ago .
Takes a compelling true story , based on one of the better non-fiction books of recent years , and turns it into a so-so movie -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
Although The Lost City of Z held my interest , it felt like a missed opportunity . Like too many biographical movies , this one tries to do too much .
There is an unexploitative , unsensational grounding to the whole affair that lends it dignity , but that does n't quite justify the 140-minute runtime .
City of Z is an interesting reminder of the peril that made civilization possible .
The Lost City of Z is a rapturous achievement worthy of discovery , its enigmatic brilliance of a sublime majesty unique in and of itself .
From its title to its dashing , mustachioed lead , The Lost City of Z harks back to the classic explorer movies of the last century . But it also comments on the downfall of that era , when all-male geographic societies talked about savages .
Gray 's film is a grand adventure , the sort that uses classic techniques but is never old-fashioned . By letting the story speak for itself , Gray unearths the crucial difference between curiosity and dominance .
Harkens back to the great epic films of David Lean . . . But at times it feels rushed , trying to cram in events while glossing over the essential moments in between .
James Gray 's The Lost City of Z is a movie where all the elements are there -- compelling story , fascinating location , strong cast , good performances , painstaking craftsmanship -- but the whole is less than it somehow should be .
It engages you so deeply that you rarely register that you are , in fact , watching a film ... It is so stealthily skillful , subtle , and confidently cinematic that it draws little attention to itself , instead serving the story and setting a formidable mood .
You might be surprised for a movie that features dangers around every tree and takes its characters from warring natives to the trenches of WWI , The Lost City of Z is methodical rather than action-packed .
This is why I fell in love with movies to begin with . Gray does Herzog , but where is Kinski ?
... an adventure story with no adventure , a heroic tale with no hero , and a very long afternoon at the movies without nearly enough in the way of a payoff .
James Gray makes intelligent , good-looking , grown-up movies that are admirable but somehow rather reserved ; this real-life adventure tale is a more sprawling work , but the result is similar .
Gray is better known for intimate , self-serious dramas , and working on a bigger scale loosens him up . There are suspenseful scenes and pretentious touches , but the thing does cast a spell .
It 's rare that one walks out of a 144-minute movie wishing it had been a lot longer . But `` The Lost City of Z '' is just that kind of movie , a rich adventure story brimming with both visual splendor and psychological depth .
The never-ending jungle proves perfectly suited to the filmmaker 's lush , operatic aesthetic , as does the film 's central theme of escaping one 's background , through whatever means necessary .
It 's a bold journey and it 's a little bonkers , but like Fawcett , `` The Lost City of Z '' is admirable in its resilience .
Gray ably conveys the curiosity and wonder of the journeys and the passions that impel the adventurers .
Gray 's style is calm and stately , a pastiche of classical filmmaking without much life to it .
Beautifully crafted and , like its subject , high-minded ; it is not , however , exciting , as one might expect a tale of exploration of a dangerous environment to be ... at times one wishes Gray had taken a few risks -- after all , Fawcett certainly did .
Gray 's cinema is intractable in its devotion to direct petition of the emotions through classical storytelling , and a belief in the powers of collective intoxication and , yes , beauty .
It is not a perfect movie , but it is a consistently committed one .
Hunnam expertly conveys Fawcett 's bravery , spirit and sometimes reckless nature . At times we sense even he knows he might never find absolute proof of the City of Z - but he 'll die trying if he must .
The movie tosses out everything contrary or ambivalent in -LSB- the book -RSB- only to invent a bit of magic narrative to make it all end on an upbeat . Which is difficult to believe but , like the whole movie , ca n't help but give you some regard for the effort .
The Lost City of Z is a handsome and ambitious historical epic , if also one that 's more intellectually engaging than emotionally compelling .
Gray does n't attempt to glorify Percy . There is , though , a thorough comprehension of the character 's drive ...
Christopher Spelman 's orchestral score spikes the narrative with classical flourishes as Gray whisks us into an Indiana Jones adventure so realistic , its speculations on what happened to Fawcett and his son feel dead-on .
The Lost City of Z eschews multiplex formulae in favour of the jungle of the mind , a much more fertile place to explore .
For a film about risk and death , `` The Lost City of Z '' is remarkably safe .
The movie is long , but never slow , even as it leaves ample time to survey the breathtaking vistas captured by cinematographer Darius Khondji .
Lacking any true inspirational dimension , the film 's depiction of Fawcett 's lifelong search for proof of an ancient lost civilization hidden in the uncharted jungles of Bolivia seldom rises to anything above a historical footnote here .
Gray is making the type of intelligent movies that no major studio will currently invest in . It 's their artistic loss and our gain as Amazon and other streaming services step in to fill the gap .
Writer-director James Gray stages all this with an impressive sense of narrative scale .
Gray is less interested in the explornographic elements of Fawcett 's story than in the spiritual ways the rain forest altered Fawcett 's perception .
If you long for a film in the tradition of such grown-up entertainments as `` Lawrence of Arabia '' and `` The English Patient , '' this is one to get lost in .
A throwback to the good old days when adventure movies had riveting performances , gorgeous camerawork and the ability to tell stories that made sense , The Lost City of Z holds attention and keeps you fascinated .
James Grey 's `` The Lost City of Z '' is cut from that same cloth as the films of John Huston , a rousing adventure that finds one man willingly facing impossible odds and the disdain of his colleagues while trying to find a lost Amazonian city .
The movie is 141 minutes long but you rarely feel its weight ; that 's how confident a filmmaker Gray has become .
Gray expertly shows the massiveness of these undertakings ... and also the spirit of adventure required of someone who knows nature ca n't be tamed but ca n't stop trying .
Film by film , Gray is becoming a truer , more effective version of the filmmaker inside him .
To really appreciate `` The Lost City of Z , '' it would help not to consider its hero a complete idiot .
The jungle scenes , shot in the Colombian rain forest , convey an oppressive sense of an alien land where Fawcett and his teams of fellow explorers are unwelcome intruders .
Rarely has the allure of the unknown been dramatized so momentously on film , which is why you should n't bother reading up on the real Fawcett before you buy a ticket . The less you know , the better .
A critic 's confession , no. 388 : I 've always loved `` boys ' adventures . '' Oh , I can hang in there with Ingmar Bergman or Chantal Akerman all right , but the ideal `` comfort movie '' is probably closer to James Gray 's jungle story The Lost City of Z.
Gray 's new film , The Lost City Of Z , is unlike anything he 's done before . It 's massive in scale and scope , a proper epic spanning two continents and nearly a quarter of a century .
-LSB- A -RSB- lushly depicted and haunting biopic .
James Gray has made a film the like of which has n't been seen in years , a classical , shot on 35 mm adventure story which also serves as a biography of one enlightened man wishing to change the mindset of the colonialists who charted his fate .
Confused thematically but cinematically impressive . A study of obsession evocative of Herzog 's `` Aguirre , Wrath of God '' but based on British rather than Spanish colonialism .
It moves along nicely , but it never feels rushed . Rather , it slows just enough for audiences to become seduced by the perilous beauty of the jungle -- just as Fawcett did .
An adventure of the intellect and of the heart with the real-life explorer who inspired Indiana Jones , one more about the journey than the destination .
New fashioned/old-fashioned in a way that leaves it more Earthbound than you 'd like , but Hunnam is solid and Miller and Pattinson dazzle .
With its bluff , romantic resuscitation of the cinema 's classic adventure-tale genre and tone , it 's perhaps Gray 's most radical attempt at abstraction and displacement .
Khondji 's cinematography does n't just complement Gray 's movie , it deepens its meaning , strengthening the appeal of Fawcett 's jungle , endlessly verdant and mysterious where home in England appears dull and monotone .
It 's admirable that Gray aspires to a more traditional epic rather than a simplistic actioner , but he fails to find the core of a story cluttered with romance , politics , warfare , sexism , racism , classism - and possibly more ` isms ' than we 've realized yet .
In its carefully measured biography , navigating around the classic emotional peaks and valleys of such a tale , The Lost City of Z comes off as contemplative and life-like .
Classic cinema in stunning locations with gorgeous cinematography by D.P. Darius Khondji -- and at times even a little funny .
Even clumsy storytelling and wretched dialogue ca n't quite ruin a good Heart of Darkness tale .
Similar to the thoughtful and immense profiles of greatness that David Lean used to make . But do n't think that it is n't modern . Gray is attuned to ideas that would 've been revolutionary not only in 1905 but also throughout most of Hollywood 's history .
The Lost City of Z is a miraculous movie , at once moving , intimidating , and gorgeous to behold .
It 's a pleasant surprise to encounter a David Lean style sweeping epic . The pace is slower . The cinematography lingers on dusty rays of light cutting through lush jungle like a machete .
You can feel in this film , as you can in Herzog 's best movies , the ethereal pull that the uncanny can exert on a man .
-LSB- James -RSB- Grey chose to shoot the film on film , no easy feat considering the Colombian jungle locations and the need for daily film development , but by doing so , he was able to capture the classic look and feel of those epic films gone by .
A thrilling film .
Hunnam 's performance is charming and lived in , easily the best work he 's ever done , and scene for scene , this is a splendid film .
Has none of the rousing cheap thrills that might have lured a blockbuster audience -- although one shot , of a terrified explorer running toward the camera with angry natives chasing behind , heavily suggests Raiders of the Lost Ark. .
An incandescent reminder that the world 's most beautiful mysteries endure precisely because they remain unsolved .
Gray and Grann do more than tell a cracking good story , they contemplate the incomparable joy and driving madness found in the quest for greatness , making the Grail of secondary importance .
This rambling , repetitive production tells its tale dispassionately , with sententious speeches and ruminative murmurs .
By all means , go see `` The Lost City of Z '' - I would n't have missed it . But spare a thought for all the less celebrated characters in it ...
As Fawcett presses on , walking and sailing through dense shadow , streaming light and canopies of variegated green , the natural world comes fantastically alive with strange animal cries , stirring trees , roiling fog and frighteningly violent eddies .
The Lost City of Z is neither Indiana Jones escapism nor a Malick-like reverie about nature , but something in between , a more grounded and troubled vision of human aspirations and imperfections .
This strange update on Joseph Conrad is in essence an epic of virtue-signaling .
Featuring a career-best lead performance from Charlie Hunnam and some truly awe-inspiring visuals , it 's yet another one of this year 's ca n't - miss films .
It is kind of like Indiana Jones without the bullwhip , stolen idols and Nazi conspiracy and all the hard work .
-LSB- The film -RSB- confronts the terror of a world that remains mysterious even after every map has been drawn and every foot of land trod upon .
Given Fawcett 's trailblazing achievements -- and Gray 's choice to film in difficult circumstances deep in the Colombian jungle -- the film is oddly restrained .
This is a different sort of movie : a stately , elegant epic paced like an elegy .
What begins as an old-fashioned adventure tale subtly , almost imperceptibly morphs into something far richer , more mysterious and cosmic . By the time you realize the transformation has occurred , the movie has you in its clutches , and it does n't let go .
`` The Lost City of Z '' is a real find .
Pictures with the grand sweep and dreamy energy of The Lost City of Z do n't come along every year-they barely come along at all .
The cast is terrific , with a revelatory turn from Charlie Hunnam as Fawcett ; the handsome English actor brings so much poise to the role that one ca n't help but think that he 's been getting the wrong scripts for most of his career .
The Lost City of Z may , like early films by Gray , leave some thirsting for more swashbuckling adventure . But if you let the ebb and flow of the Fawcetts ' lives drift over you , the movie is a wellspring .
The Lost City of Z is so jarringly out of step with summer blockbuster season that watching it feels like discovering a relic .
James Gray 's adaptation of British explorer Percival Fawcett 's remarkable true story is almost as romantic as it gets .
Another gorgeous film from Gray , The Lost City of Z is a great step forward in his career .
It 's Gray 's careful choices as a director that truly star here , from the classically infused score by frequent collaborator Christopher Spelman to the inspiring shots of remote Colombia captured by his frequent director of photography , Darius Khondji .
Everyone , including Hunnam and Pattinson , brings their A-game to James Gray 's haunting and visionary journey into the heart of Amazonian darkness , a potent provocation that gets under your skin .
Charlie Hunnam shines in The Lost City of Z. Director James Gray delivers an intriguing and well shot biography of British explorer Percy Fawcett .
Gray 's film is breathtaking in its scope , but all the more remarkable for how intimate it feels , how oddly relatable .
Gray , even as he pushes at the edges of what is filmable , never loses his capacity for creating moments of rapturous beauty . See this thing on the biggest screen you can find .
The Lost City of Z -LRB- ed -RRB- is n't as expansive as you might initially wish but still pulls you in and along .
Feels like an artifact from an era of big-budget filmmaking that has been rendered extinct .
Ravishingly beautiful adventure cinema at its finest .
`` The Lost City of Z '' is beautiful , mournful , and measured . But the tale that it tells cries out for madness .
A National Geographic-style feature with a Masterpiece Theater aura .
The elegant cutting and handsome staging match the pretty pictures , and if the film never quite finds comparable emotional intensity , well , as one character puts it , `` to look for what is beautiful is its own reward . ''
The Lost City of Z builds to a surreal apotheosis of all the elements that make cinema great .
The film sets itself apart from the average adventure saga by assuming a pointed cultural perspective .
Percy is an admirable human being and The Lost City of Z does him justice , as well as James Gray creating a visually arresting film and a stunning piece of cinematic magic .
The dense colours are soaked deep into the grain of the filmstock . They tell a story not available in pixels .
James Gray 's long but very entertaining film reminds us of the derring-do that once drove Britons to overrun the globe .
The Lost City of Z is a finely drawn period piece that suffers from its less than heroic central character .
An evocative and well-made period piece , albeit one that misses the breadth and depth of the David Lean epics it sometimes recalls .
The Lost City Of Z is ambitious and well made and full of incidental interest but you ca n't help feeling that it 's a missed opportunity .
There are moments of richly realised magic here ...
The Lost City of Z does n't quite unearth a transporting truth about Percy Fawcett .
Based on a true story , it 's the historical aspect of these events that holds the attention , even though the filmmakers kind of let the drama slip through their fingers .
If you 're in the `` they do n't make them like they used to '' camp , you 'll have a great time being proved wrong .
Gray delivers a very subdued film overall , right down to the washed-out visuals , but the doggedness of Fawcett sparks a sort of morbid fascination with how far he is willing to go to prove his theory .
Though brand new , The Lost City of Z already feels out of date .
This is aiming for an old school Attenborough modus operandi and is n't far off at all .
The deliberate , measured approach might test the patience of those expecting a rollicking old-fashioned adventure , but do n't be put off . Not for a second .
There 's real artistry on screen and a lot to unpack thematically ...
Two and a half grandiose but curiously flat hours of jungletastic screen time .
The jungles look fabulous . But there 's historical detailing to fill in , and that 's where the film takes on weight and waffle .
Gorgeously shot by Darius Khondji , it manages the feat of making the English and Irish-set scenes look just as rich and strange as those that unfold far down the Amazon .
The notion of ` home ' is central to Gray 's back catalogue , and affords Z its primary thematic conflict , albeit one painted in overtly literal terms .
There 's something glorious about Spider-Man , Edward Cullen and a would-be Christian Grey coming together in a highbrow drama .
The cast can not ... overcome a languorous and sometimes confusing narrative , too many sketchy characterisations and an exquisitely staged but bafflingly transcendental ending .
With lush visuals , intelligent performances and a lingering lyricism , this is an instant classic that cements Hunnam 's star power .
The grandeur of this movie is off the charts . For a certain kind of old-school film fan , someone who believes in shapely , classical proportions and an epic yarn told over time , it will be the revelation of the year .
Solid and stately , a '70s - feeling jungle adventure film that 's more of a thought-provoker than an excitement-inducer . But there 's nothing wrong with that .
James Gray 's exploration into a driven individual 's morality pairs lush , lyrically expressive imagery with rich emotional resonance .
A film as transporting , profound and staggering in its emotional power as anything I 've seen in the cinema in years .
An epic and classic story that bets on narrative classicism done with mastery . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film which harks back to an era of courageous filmmaking , and for that James Gray should be commended .
It 's a curious film in some ways , taking what could be an exciting epic adventure in the style of David Lean and turning it into something introspective , slightly morose and anti-climactic . Yet there is a persistent , beady-eyed intelligence at work .
There are n't many directors working today with the same ambition and exquisite craftsmanship of James Gray .
Makes some pretense toward realism while sweeping along on wings of romance last worn by David Lean .
The film skirts traditional biopic trappings by focusing more on the whys of Fawcett 's obsession with exploration than just the whats and whens .
A masterpiece . Wholly contemplative , resonantly melancholic , wise-and for Gray-cuttingly personal .
The Lost City of Z does understand its so-called hero , and those who 've paved the way for the heroism he 'll forever be celebrated for . But it refuses to get caught up in that tradition .
The film is painted in khaki , greys , and mud , with the emotional intelligence of a dried out carrot .
The Lost City of Z goes above and beyond what many artists , even talents , possibly could 've done with this kind of material .
A richly atmospheric true-life Boy 's Own tale .
A rare piece of contemporary classical cinema ; its virtues of methodical storytelling , traditional style and obsessive theme are ones that would have been recognized and embraced anytime from the 1930s through the 1970s .
It makes no major dramatic missteps , yet it could have used an added dimension - something to make the two-hour-and-20-minute running time feel like a transformative journey rather than an epic anecdotal crusade .
It is an unabashed throwback that revisits a lost form of filmmaking with a modern sensibility , discovering its great prize for the more adventurous of moviegoers .
Despite gorgeous cinematography and a strong cast , The Lost City of Z is a shallow and overly romantic film that falls into the trap of hero worship .
A well-crafted film starring two actors who may just change some perceptions about the both of them .
The Lost City Of Z wo n't be for all viewers , but its delicate devotion to itself is something sure to inspire admiration and obsessives .
An attempt at an entirely different kind of film for Gray , and the results are revelatory and expansive while also true to his own complicated creative character .
The Lost City of Z links every weathered look that Percy Fawcett throws to the heart of his spiritual yearning .

@highlight

The Lost City of Z 's stately pace and visual grandeur hearken back to classic exploration epics , and Charlie Hunnam turns in a masterful performance as its complex protagonist .