We 're finally left holding a handful of air at the end .
Easily written off as an `` Omen '' retread at first glance , this unfairly passed-over piece of slow-burn terror disarmingly chipped away at ideas of parental readiness with mounting dread and gruesome humor . It burrows beneath the skin and stays there .
Anyone who 's ever heard -LRB- or just imagined -RRB- troubling sounds coming from a fuzzy baby monitor or fretted while their fifth-grader traversed a big-city crosswalk will have their nerves seriously jangled by Joshua .
An absurd and unconvincing fright pic .
The film is the ultimate birth control . If you plan on one day having kids , do n't see this film . If you already have children , you will never look at them the same way again .
Ratliff never acknowledges that his audience has likely seen this setup dozens of times before , making the film feel laborious and unsurprising .
... a bewildering extension rather than a retread of this played-out subgenre .
As horror flicks go this is both smart and suspenseful .
The stress that mounts throughout this strangely tame and quietly spooky horror thriller has a masterfully palpable asphyxiating mood to it that the director exploits for maximum audience discomfort and unrelieved dread .
Sinister sibling-rivalry drama is majorly creepy .
The movie 's eerie vibe is genuinely disturbing and difficult to shake off . That 's a good thing in this genre .
The creepy child genre has n't had a movie this much fun in a long time .
Bad seed ? The whole dang garden is rotten in ` Joshua , ' a psychological horror film that demonstrates that the poison apple does n't fall far from the toxic family tree .
Scenes that are meant to be scary end up generating laughs .
When the film falters , it 's when it pulls its punches and gives us conventional horror that we can hold off at a safe distance , rather than uncomfortable insights that we can unsettlingly recognize from our own household experience .
The nerve-shattering ending will have you hugging your children when you get home - but only if there are witnesses present .
run-of-the-mill psychological thriller .
if you strip away all the meddling that Joshua does , it 's clear to see the family is dysfunctionally psychopathic from the start
Father and mother no longer know best .
... certainly succeeds in bringing a fair amount of depth to an admittedly familiar storyline .
It 's subtle and it 's terrific .
The contrived script expects us to believe that Joshua 's fainting spells , his nocturnal home videos of his sleeping family and his acts of violence on crowded New York City streets fail to raise suspicion until it is too late .
Watch this movie on a night when you do n't think you need birth control .
There 's a definite `` Bad Seed '' vibe going on in this sophisticated psychological thriller that unfolds with such precision you 'll want to see it a second time just to catch its many degrees of nuanced escalation .
I 'm reluctant to give away too much about this terrifically tidy thriller as I think an audience should be able to watch a film without knowing the twists and surprises that the filmmakers intend .
A trippy film that falls somewhere between tired genre picture , hilarious satire and ingenious game of cat-and-mouse .
A haunting and evocative motion picture that stays with you .
Subtle and sinister - it 's evil , yes , but not very scary .
Director George Ratliff has crafted a pretty intelligent film that exploits that conceit without going to the over-the-top extremes as such other bad-seed films as `` The Good Son '' and , well , `` The Bad Seed . ''
Ratliff 's movie almost succeeds in hurtling over the trenches it digs for itself in an increasingly ludicrous third act . But not quite .
Fairly absorbing film .
Spooky , relatively realistic , grounded in psychology rather than displays of gore , it could be just the thing to rejuvenate the fading horror genre .
Sickeningly creepy .
If you 've never wanted to punch a child in the face , see Joshua and discover a whole new side of yourself .
A darkly comic , squirm-inducing portrait of everyday familial dysfunction amplified by an unusual element .
Fails miserably .
A fascinating , if chilling , break from the season 's usual summer movie thrills -- especially for parents-to-be .
Writer-director George Ratliff may have intended to make a movie no one would enjoy . He 's succeeded .
An unnerving thriller that has a lot more on its maniacal mind than giving us the willies .
At once familiar and yet startlingly inventive and thrilling .
A psychological thriller that 's not only lovely to look at but also intriguing enough to keep you guessing until the end . And even then you may not have figured it out .
You can tell the movie wants to be a kind of Rosemary 's Baby or The Omen . But it wants that all too desperately .
It should be mandatory viewing for right-to-lifers and prospective parents as well as fans of creepy , crawly filmmaking .
Makes The Omen look like Daddy Day Care .
Director George Ratliff plays pitch-perfect on the tautly wound strings of our innermost fears that nothing -- not love , wealth or intelligence -- can protect us from the monsters we harbor .
Harrowing , controlled and diabolically self-assured , Joshua leaves filmgoers teetering on their own emotional precipice , wondering just where pathos ends and pathology begins .
The ` horror ' here is dosed with humor and false starts that keep it remarkably and deceptively light .
Joshua is a psychological thriller so devoid of value , it makes one wonder if someone in the acquisition department at Fox Searchlight does n't have a drinking problem .
Supremely assured ... a creepily black comedy that eschews huge campy shocks in favor of a bunch of little nonchalant stings that add up to something fierce .
Joshua is a reason for applause .
Joshua does grow a bit repetitious -LRB- it lacks the cathartic climaxes of a horror film -RRB- , yet it has cool and savvy fun with your fears .
Joshua survives its muddled experimentation with homage and mystery primarily due to the ability of its cast to play it straight through all the mood changes .
While Ratliff deserves credit for trying to use real demons - postpartum depression , child abuse - as elements of horror , Joshua fails to thrill because it never feels remotely realistic .
It 's the carnival-fun-house kind of entertainment : genuinely creepy in some places , giggly in other places , and sometimes both at the same time .
This stylish and sophisticated film loses its way in a frustratingly vague third act that 's more unsatisfying than unsettling .
It 's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up . The heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .
As the film wears on , it becomes increasingly difficult to separate the dry humor from the supposed chills . Consequently , Joshua drifts into camp .
It 's a beautifully crafted , superbly well-acted suspense-filled tale that will creep you out .
It 's regrettable that Joshua veers into outlandish Omen/Bad Seed/Good Son territory .
A tense , visually interesting tale that is ultimately a bit barren .
A formulaic thriller too in love with its own intelligence to bother with the lowbrow business of being scary .
It 's not exactly light summer entertainment . With its emphasis on paranoia and perversion , Joshua is closer in spirit to fringe films like Eraserhead than mainstream horror movies like The Omen .
Uneasily straddling age groups and genres , Joshua is a highly effective family drama cloaked in the stale tropes of the demon-seed thriller .
Overall it delivers some genuine old-school chills -- something that was missing when Macaulay Culkin played a similar role in The Good Son .
A psychological horror film that 's a bit light on both the psychology and the horror .
There 's no reason Jacob Kogan ca n't grow into a better actor in the future . Right now , though , he ca n't anchor this movie with the evil flair it requires , and which might have made it worth seeing .
... the kind of movie that makes you want to yell at the characters : Ca n't you see what your crazy kid is doing ?!?!
It 's The Omen without the goofy looking kid or supernatural elements . If you can put up with the glacial pacing the payoff is almost worth the wait , it left me haunted for days .
Despite such creepy moments , the film 's fundamental narrative is more wearying than horrifying .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Ratliff captures an eerily too-realistic vision of hellish New York motherhood
Shows its cards too early and then tells you what they are in case you missed them .
Ultimately predictable .
Clever performances and great atmospherics compensate for the gaps in logic .
One of the better entries in the creepy-kid genre , Joshua is a bit like The Omen without the supernaturalism .
A twisty , chilly vision of haute-yuppie parenting as unrelenting nightmare , an ingenious reworking of the demon-seed genre in which the evil child is not the real villain .
Part of the fun of Joshua is the skill with which -LSB- director -RSB- Ratliff juggles horror and realism , feeding one into the other until we become part of the unraveling of the Cairns ' perfect life .
All of this goes down very , very slowly . Joshua aspires to be a kind of Rosemary 's Baby 's Older Brother by way of Gaslight , but it lacks the dynamism and atmosphere of either of those inspirations .
It 's refreshing to see a horror film based on adult anxieties : The terror of the baby cam can only be overcome by more terror .
A genuinely unsettling film about a sociopathic child ... an enjoyably decorous creepshow .
Little Joshua will never haunt our dreams like Damien or the lost child from Do n't Look Now .
Perhaps the scariest thing about Joshua was the feeling I got at the end that I had just sat through some kind of weird gay panic movie .
A by-the-numbers , would-be thriller that 's just never scary . About the best that can be said of it is that it reminds you of better movies .
If you can appreciate complex , slow-burn dramas and forego the buckets of blood , then you 're likely to agree with me when I say that Joshua is among the best of films of its genre to come along in quite some time .
Works best as a drama of family decay .
With deliberate pacing , well-placed scares , and a pitch-black sense of humor , -LSB- George -RSB- Ratliff keeps us guessing until the stunner finish .
George Ratliff , who gave us the -LRB- much more frightening -RRB- doc Hell House , works on hoarily familiar territory here and does n't bring much new to the party .
I 'm not sure whether Joshua 's campiness outweighs its offensiveness - it 's got both in spades - but there 's no getting around the fact that Ratliff 's creepy-kid thriller is seriously awful .
Joshua might have been delicious if it were n't so blatantly hateful toward women , queers , and religion .
-LSB- W -RSB- hy is it so hard to make a scary flick about evil kids these days ? The Omen remake was pretty hilarious , and Joshua is ridiculous , though they are apparently attempting to re-position it as a `` black comedy ''
We can buy that this kid is a dangerous weirdo ; it 's harder to buy him as an example of superhuman strength and mental fortitude .
If there 's a better model of passive-aggressive than this Joshua kid in a recent movie , I 'd like to know of one .
In good quality horror , fear and suspense arise from a deepening sense of character , not a noisier sense of one .
Even though the story covers familiar ground , it provides enough tension and humor in the presentation to make it worth watching .
Using well the paradigm of the outsider , here the impact of a new baby on a seemingly perfect family , this elegantly made , often sophisticated psychological thriller marks Ratliff 's smooth transition from docu to feature filmmaking ; he 's a talent to watch
A brilliant house-of-horror tale with Hitchcockean flair .
Boasts enough in the way of sharp acting , as well as visual and musical smarts , to give the psychological twists and turns a respectable aesthetic context .
Builds to a number of gripping climaxes that leave the viewer quite shaken by how subtly and effectively this movie delivers on the thrills .



@highlight

Though Joshua is ultimately too formulaic , its intelligence and suspenseful buildup heighten the overall creep factor .