Here 's a ` steamy ' soap opera that 's never very steamy , and if you set your expectations low , this movie is only too happy to meet them .
It 's a gorgeously mounted soap , with enough third-act surprises to justify its reputation -LRB- it was a huge hit in Latin America -RRB- .
With one-dimensional characters stuck in a plot that gives them nothing noteworthy to do , only the most superficial aspects remain to be admired : the attractive cast , their attractive clothes and the attractive houses in which they live .
Soapy , sappy , silly and sluggish , La Mujer de Mi Hermano -LRB- My Brother 's Wife -RRB- is one of those issue movies that wants to cram every hot topic it can think of into a melodramatic situation .
Debut director Ricardo de Montreuil only cares about filming pretty people in the most hackneyed positions imaginable .
A stylish soap opera that casts cultural dramas as melodrama .
Brisk , shallow , highly condensed version of a telenovela .
The movie knows exactly what it 's doing , and does exactly what it intends , without making one false move .
Stars actors from all over South America and was shot in Chile by a Peruvian director , yet what it most closely resembles is a Mexican soap opera .
if a movie ever needed a gratuitous shot of a breast or a bare a ** it 's La Mujer de Mi Hermano
90 minutes of wheezing emotional flare-ups , played with such straight-faced sobriety that I wanted to slap these people and tell them all to lighten up
You could dismiss this swankily shot Latin American trifle as an upscale soap opera , but that would be an insult to soap operas .
There 's also a tiresome , warmed-over feel to all the revelations -- one of which , a whopper , is never really resolved -- and the flat dialogue and one-dimensional characters make it impossible to care .
Repressed desire ! A sultry soap-opera star ! Incest ! Gay politics ! La Mujer de Mi Hermano has it all . Now if it only had a decent plot .
You 've seen hotter stuff on Oxygen .
The secrets behind the brothers ' long estrangement are revealed in hallowed soap opera tradition , and the improbable ending to the film almost demands further installments .
La Mujer de Mi Hermano neither looks nor feels like the Mexican telenovela that it fundamentally is . That makes the movie interesting . More interesting than the sudsy story it tells , anyway .
The film is the cinematic equivalent of a plush bathrobe , wrapped around a story of love and betrayal among the rich , furtive and back-waxed .
The movie is astonishingly simple-minded , depicting characters who obediently perform their assigned roles as adulterers , cuckolds , etc. .
Plays like a season worth of telenovela episodes .
This is what TV soaps would look like if they could be rated R ... One Life to Live with All My Lovers .
For a movie about an inter-family dalliance , it 's far more pragmatic than you might expect , and far more humane .
A lean , sexy , scandalous tale involving a love triangle , betrayal and psychological revenge .
The overheated telenovela La Mujer de Mi Hermano bubbles with incest , adultery , religion and homosexuality .
Had the film 's director and screenwriter fleshed out the climax of the movie , Hermano 's inherent predilection for melodrama might have been more palatable .
La Mujer feels like a very attractively filmed , utterly banal TV melodrama .
A horrible script makes for a horrible movie . Even if the rest if it is done brilliantly .
This is a clumsy coming-out movie heavily swathed in a lethargic telenovela with much nicer furnishings .
Once upon a time , Americans snuck off to arthouses largely to sample the forbidden fruit of naked foreign boobs . Some things never change .
Impassioned acting by the leads oversells the tension a bit , and the story tires in attempting to top itself again and again .
To call it a soap is to denigrate the entire soap opera industry . ... It does n't have one bit of genuine passion , energy or fire .
Everything happens so slowly , and so meaningfully , that we see it coming for miles .
Hope you like your melodrama steamy .
A vapid slab of soap depicting a love triangle among three remarkably uninteresting characters .
This daytime-TV-caliber setup favors shallow titillation over deeper psychology .






@highlight

No better than an R-rated `` telenovela , '' with the requisite love triangle involving uncommonly attractive players and banal plotlines .