In life and cinema , trans women 's lives are often extremely difficult . Ozon is generous enough to imagine a path around their usual obstacle courses .
The reason this is one of Ozon 's most approachable and soft-centred films is that it is one of his most radically activist .
With The New Girlfriend , -LSB- François -RSB- Ozon reminds us that defying labels is n't something we outgrow , but often a natural part of a person 's identity , of any age .
The real problem is that the two storylines bump up against each other with a tonal inconsistency that backs us against a wall . A deus ex machina is required to tie up the narrative , and it 's a clunky one .
While there is occasional delight of artful satire , fanciful farce , psychological undercurrent and political breadth , it soon becomes evident , as the intricate subplots and subtexts unfold , Ozon has rather overstretched himself again .
Ozon , perhaps not entirely purposely , addresses the very timely issue of trans and non-binary gender identity , yet he does it within the framework of his usual style and preoccupations - and shortchanges neither .
t 's tempting to call this film a dark comedy-it is after all based on a novel by author Ruth Rendell-but for all the wit -LRB- and there is plenty -RRB- there is very little darkness in this playful psychological drama .
A strong thematic undercurrent pits bourgeois social conventions against authentic self-definition and ultimate freedom to live without shame or undue social limitations .
... an intelligent investigation of hearts that do n't know quite what they want .
Arguably reminiscent of ` camp ' Ozon entries like Angel and 8 Women , this has good enough work from Duris , but is truly saved by the lovely and lively Demoustier .
While many `` gay '' and `` identity '' films wallow in weightiness , Ozon has always rejected categorizing cinema in the same way that he has embraced sexual fluidity .
A strong , twisted , but perfectly written , directed and acted film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A solid script full of surprises and great performances . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Simply magnificent . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie is a revision of both the limitations of the upper classes and their completely outdated morals . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The acting is remarkable in a movie that does not pretend to be something else than what it truly is , approaching the subject of confusion between genders with originality . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's never clear what the director 's intentions are , the premise looses strenght and it falls apart thowards the end . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A swirl of gender confusion , `` The New Girlfriend '' tosses all the he/she/we question marks it can find in a tale of contemporary confused sexuality .
Ozon is on typically slippery , teasing form with ... -LSB- this -RSB- sly and playful tale of female friendship with a twist .
What is surprising is how conventionally the screenplay begins to wrap up this story and how blatantly manipulative its methods are in order to do so .
Duris creates a sensitive and moving character , a confused soul , lost without his wife , who was the anchor of his life .
It 's less than it should 've been , and a little mild . But Ozon makes it glide with confidence , in or out of heels .
Duris in drag looks like a refugee from the New York Dolls , but his character aspires to nothing more than life as a bourgeois , pearl-clad mom .
The New Girlfriend is a funny , delicate , subtly flavored dish deliciously prepared by François Ozon - idiosyncratic and unforgettable .
An oddly sweet film , gentle and genuine , but it 's also aware of murky psychological spaces , pushing focus on clearing confusion , not sensationalizing the obvious .
It 's fun to watch `` The New Girlfriend '' the way it 's fun to drink a glass of Champagne , and about as memorable .
There 's frippery and flummery a la Almodóvar and Hitchcock , two of Ozon 's favorite directors , and he also cites Wilder 's understanding of drag ... -LRB- And not to forget Ozon 's love for Fassbinder , the late rapid-fire genre-gobbler . -RRB-
As much as this wildly uneven French melodrama is frustrating for its erratic shifts in tone , it 's also funny and suspenseful and provocative for almost the same reason .
Though it winds its way to a much different destination -LRB- and features far more crossdressing -RRB- , The New Girlfriend is , like Vertigo , very much a film about loss and what we do to fill the spaces vacated by those who leave us .
A wildly entertaining work , one that manages to be simultaneously funny , touching , slightly unnerving and undeniably sexy to behold , regardless of where your predilections may lie .
If this movie had been made 20 years ago , it might have had a little more kink to it ; but now , although it 's expertly done , it 's a little late to the transgressive party . Even bad boys lose their edge .
-LSB- An -RSB- essentially silly and trite treatise on gender fluidity .
Maybe a new girlfriend , but definitely old tropes .
Although at times amorphously told and genre non-specific - Dark comedy ? Soapy drama ? DePalma-esque thriller ? - the film holds interest as it often defies expectation and juggles its bold , complex emotions .
`` The New Girlfriend '' never pretends to be more than what it is , a delicious and frothy fantasia with a teasing erotic frisson .
The rules governing desire are nonexistent in `` The New Girlfriend , '' an unusual work of psychological mystery sans thriller elements but with a subtle dose of comic satire .
Exceptionally graceful and accomplished , Ozon 's film challenges our received notions of normalcy , intimacy , and love .
There 's a cruel comedy lying in wait for these characters , but their creator is protecting them .
Leave it to the French to get transgender representation -LRB- mostly -RRB- right .
In Ozon 's confident hands , `` The New Girlfriend '' has moments that juxtapose gentle humor and surprising depth of feeling .
As recently as a year ago , when the film premiered on the festival circuit , it would have been hard to predict how timely it would seem today .
The film has a nice sense of female friendships ' emotional depth .
Filmmaker Ozon specializes in exploring the hidden curlicues of desire .
It 's a politically timid work , but an unabashedly emotional experience . By turns suspenseful , aching , and exuberant , it offers a buoyant tale of self-discovery that 's rooted in questionable modes of mourning .
There is a sharp , sublime Almodóvar film trapped inside the blurry outlines of François Ozon 's The New Girlfriend , as if aching to get out .
The worst you can say is that Ozon 's simply trying all he can to get a rise . The best you could say is he 's made a mildly incoherent mess that revels in its reckless upchucking of ideas .
Ozon sacrifices his sharp portrayal of grief and rebirth to clumsy convention .
The New Girlfriend cleverly explores ideas of sexual and gender identity while breaking down a few stereotypes along the way .
A delectable riff on transformation , desire and sexuality that blends the heightened reality of melodrama with mischievous humor and an understated strain of Hitchcockian suspense .
François Ozon 's delightful , intermittently morbid drama-lite offers his most textured meditation on gender identity since Water Drops on Burning Rocks .
An intimate film full of sexual tension . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The conflicts the main characters must surpass are interesting , but the plot itself feels like it tries to innovate and it really does n't . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The New Girlfriend balances comedy and melodrama , while playfully blurring the ever thinning lines between gender and identity .
A film that includes cross-dressing and is loaded with charm , wit , humor and drama .
The intimacy of female friendships and the unpredictability of grief are at the core of `` The New Girlfriend , '' but its surface is focused on sexier , kinkier matters . The film threatens to go campy at any moment but instead is dark , erotic and thoughtful .
-LSB- A -RSB- delightfully irreverent affair .
François Ozon does it again with this puckish and erotic satire on sexuality and family gender roles .
François Ozon and the late Ruth Rendell is a great match of sensibilities : it promises the French director 's winking subversion , wedded to the late crime writer 's slippery command of psychological twists .
Ozon 's psychosexual comedy slips with Freudian playfulness between ripe Hollywood melodrama , uptight English intrigue , gay Gallic romance and ecstatic Almodóvarian exploration .
The New Girlfriend is sumptuously shot by Pascal Marti in a blazing autumnal palette that can transform a simple visit to the handbag section of a department store into a feast for the eyes .
Demoustier and Duris give real heart to characters whose behaviour could easily have seemed absurd .
Ozon unashamedly sails straight into the incredible , with fantasies and twists to at least keep the audience guessing .
The latest film from the prolific , provocative French director François Ozon .
The tone wavers between psychological thriller and absurdist melodrama , and perhaps suffers for not settling on either , but it 's grounded by two terrific leads .
Virginia , intensely vulnerable but full of self-confidence , is one-of-a-kind .
Another witty dissection of social and sexual mores from perennial provocateur Ozon , deftly playing with the unpredictable complexities of desire .
The filmmaking is exemplary but most impressive of all is the tone that mixes comedy , melodrama and darkness .
François Ozon 's latest film is a gracefully sophisticated , and not to mention timely , drama about boys and girls and love and lust and bodies and identities .
Loosely based on a Ruth Rendell story , Ozon 's film quivers between psychological thriller and playful farce .
A bit of a dull jumble .
Breezy and brash ... All of the lead , and appealing , characters run riot on the Kinsey scale of sexuality .
Sexuality , Francois Ozon 's latest film declares , can be as complex as desiring another person can be simple .
A typically uneven effort from François Ozon ...
Anais Demoustier and Romain Duris give beautifully controlled performances in Francois Ozon 's delectably entertaining new film .
Ozon handles it all with his usual aplomb , in his hands all these characters seem practically normal , and if there is a touch of sarcasm in his look , no one will complain ...
The concept of `` The New Girlfriend '' could have been played several different ways , from farce to high-drama to Hitchcock-ian thriller . Ozon decides to try it all , but in the end does n't pull off any .

@highlight

While flirting with camp , François Ozon 's The New Girlfriend offers thoughtful -- and humorous -- commentary on sexual and gender identity .