This was the film Wajda wanted to make all his life .
Oscar-winning Polish writer/director Andrzej Wajda is now 83 years old . But he thankfully has n't lost his ability to outrage viewers for all the right reasons .
Andrjez Wajda , whose father was one of the officers killed in Katyn , uses the event to explore some of the unhealed wounds suffered by the Poles in World War II .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Wajda has brought some small measure of rest to their names , to Poland , and to history .
Katyn is remarkably concise and -LRB- if one may say this about a cinematic commemoration of mass murder -RRB- elegant .
Wajda 's intensity and passion , as well as his intelligence and craft , are unmistakable from the very first sequence . Virtually from the first shot .
This may not rank among his greatest masterpieces , but it 's exciting to see that Wajda still has a devastating , defiant work in him .
The principal success of Wajda 's stately , widescreen and exquisitely shot film lies in its sober attempt to mirror the fragmented truth of a genocide .
Delivering an emotional punch to the gut in the final reel , this engaging account of an under-reported tragedy will remind you how cinema can still rise to the occasion and go beyond the empty bangs and flashes of tent pole releases .
It is serious film-making of the most noble intent and it strenuously attacks the state ideologies that continue to legitimise war crimes .
This powerful , heartfelt and important drama from one of the great names in world cinema deserves to be seen .
Wajda has achieved something truly memorable : the film reminds you that cinema can be the preserver of the truth 's smallest details , when a run of excellent pictures can finally tell a story the world was waiting for .
Katyn is a solemn , troubling film that makes necessary demands on its audience .
Wajda employs a full range of sweeping shots and orchestral cues to ramp up the emotion , although he 's often guilty of sacrificing the intimacy of character for the grander narrative of history .
Mainstream attempts at melodrama , sweeping crane shots and a Charlotte Gray gloss unbalance Wajda 's desired mood .
With its mournful score , muted cinematography and restrained performances , this is a work of sober commemoration , though the climactic depiction of the mass killing is justifiably harrowing .
This is an important film that packs a powerful emotional punch almost 60 years after the main events .
A touch hard to tell what 's going on at times , the film comes into its own towards the end as it portrays with shocking candour the genocide that still reverberates in Eastern Europe to this day .
Wajda tries too hard to detach himself from this personal drama and instead turns in what often feels like a piece of forensic archaeology .
Katyn is solidly , skilfully told . But away from these living-graveside scenes , Wajda 's own artistic bones seem too well-upholstered at 83 .
Though it would be hard to call it life-affirming . It is too riven with grief and horror for that , too aware of what Poland has suffered for it to be anything but a deeply sombre memorial .
There 's the odd breathtakingly composed shot , chilling scenario and exquisitely poignant turn from the overpopulated cast but the sombrely indulgent pacing betrays the fact that acclaimed director Andrzej Wajda is now aged 83 .
Impeccably shot and edited , this harrowing drama digs into the mystery of the murder of some 12,000 Polish officers in the early 1940s , which the Soviets falsely blamed on the Nazis . It 's extremely grim , but well worth seeing .
If Polish , German and Russian sound roughly the same to you -LRB- and I ca n't tell them apart from Klingon -RRB- then you 're in for two long and confusing hours , friendo .
A moving and powerful film .
Superbly directed and powerfully emotional , this is a harrowing wartime drama that demands to be seen .
Katyn is a sobering experience , at times harrowing . It 's also extraordinarily compassionate , even as Wajda vents his rage about what happened and the lies that followed .
Wajda 's own father died in this tragedy , and there is a palpable feeling of personal liberation here as he finally gets to exorcise his demons .
An intriguing mixture of the monumental and episodic ...
The great filmmaker 's urge to show generations of his countrymen what they were told not to think about is what moves him , and while `` Katyn '' rises above didacticism , you can feel the director keeping his emotions in check throughout .
Austere treatment of a terribly personal WWII tragedy keeps this Polish elegy at arm 's length .
The film as a whole is characterised by its sweeping grasp of history , and is movingly couched in a powerful human story .
The power of this film comes not through the personal , although that is there , it comes through the tapestry woven by Wajda about that history , the exquisite recreation of the era culminating in a most dreadful and powerful final sequence .
Beautifully crafted with superb cinematography and design , the film maintains its mood perfectly , setting us down in the insecure world of Poland at war
Director Andrzej Wajda , who contributed to the screenplay , treats the topic with as much gravitas as you would expect , but it occasionally feels like a history lesson
Has sweep and conviction and , most rewardingly , a long-overdue revelation of historical truth .
With Katyn -LSB- Wajda -RSB- shows himself to be a skilled ringmaster still capable of handling the film 's many elaborate scenes .
The picture is shot with the visual scope demanded by a narrative that aims in some sense to define an entire nation .
A richly absorbing and intensely painful drama with a tremendous , mostly female cast .
A stunning , epic film .
Some sequences sear the mind .
The subject , the 1940 massacre of Polish officers and intellectuals by the Soviets , merits attention , but though personal -LRB- Wajda 's father was a victim -RRB- , Katyn is just a decent , far from great , melodrama due to helmer 's curiously cold , detached approach .
In its headlong rush to declare its own importance , it forgets to be whatsoever engaging . Though a decently-crafted film , it is resolutely airless and leaden .
Though certainly not Wajda 's strongest film , Katyn is perhaps his most affecting since his 1970s to '80s heyday .
A gritty political thriller , with a laser-like focus on those moments when Poland was undone by mounting circumstance .
Whether or not `` Katyn '' is one of Wajda 's masterpieces is a subject for discussion ; it 's clearly the work of a master filmmaker , possibly at a late peak of his long career .
The great Polish director Andrzej Wajda musters the power of classical filmmaking and personal emotional investment
to dramatize a stunning atrocity long covered up .
This plays almost like an academic master class , meticulously exploring the event 's ramifications but only catching full fire at the end .
Andrzej Wajda has spent much of his long career dramatizing major events in Polish history , and this poignant feature depicts the circumstances surrounding the Soviet Union 's massacre of thousands of Polish officers in the spring of 1940 .
Wajda , as you would expect from a director with an illustrious career who has lived through the turbulent and changing times of his homeland , proves himself adept at showing individuals at the mercy of history .
It 's a story of personal legends -- unknown soldiers and civilians . As Wajda deliberately unravels their various narrative strands , like a desperately ripped flag , a national tragedy does n't cease ; it haunts .
With exceptional commitment and artistry , Wajda 's politically engaged filmmaking vividly brings Poland 's tortured travails through the 20th century to the world 's attention .
Katyn is a powerful corrective to decades of distortion and forgetting in Polish history .
As a portrait of hell on earth , Katyń deserves to be seen by anyone with a feeling for history , however horrifying it may be . Actually , it puts just about every other horror movie to shame .
While never less than fascinating , Katyn alternates between scenes of tremendous power and sequences most kindly described as dutiful . It 's as if the artist is never certain whether he is making this movie for himself , his father , or the entire nation .
Wajda has assembled a really amazing ensemble cast to realize an excellent script ... beautifully shot by Pawel Edelman with some truly gorgeous sequences .
It is filmed with simplicity , a purity of intent .
As definitive withdrawal from Iraq inches ever nearer into our finger-crossed view , elliptical confrontation of military trauma is once again becoming fashionable in American cinema houses .
An example of how a master filmmaker can make the past -- in this case a World War II-era massacre -- possess a bracing immediacy . Polish director Andrzej Wajda 's film earned an Oscar nomination last year despite its departure from every Hollywood con







@highlight

Masterfully crafted by an experienced directorial hand , Katyn is a powerful , personal depiction of wartime tragedy .