Ho-hum stuff .
Like festive icing on a plain vanilla cake , a fun cast and offbeat humor hugely increase the palatability of Post Grad .
With a formulaic plot and uninspiring dialogue , not even Mr. Mom can help the film stay afloat .
Director Vicky Jenson has a sitcom script on her hands and proceeds accordingly .
It acts like the audience knows nothing about how humans behave or find jobs or keep them or have romantic relationships or exist in families .
Director Vicky Jenson has infused Post Grad with all the subtlety and substance of a garden-variety sitcom ...
There 's certainly a lot of material there but none of the comedy works in any way at all and Keaton is a dead zone at the centre of the film .
Vicky Jenson 's attempt at a go-getting romcom is a tragic underachiever on the com front : the rent-a-quirk characters feel like a Little Miss Sunshine tribute act gone wrong .
he try-hard quirkiness and clunky screenwriting starts to grate after just a few minutes . By the final act , it 's not unlike having bamboo splinters inserted under your fingernails .
A clumsily scripted , misfiring affair .
The level of humour is summed up by the scene where a dead cat is buried in a pizza box .
This lame family-centric comedy desperately wants to be Little Miss Sunshine but ends up - by virtue of the bizarre cast of unfunny characters - like Invasion of the Body Snatchers .
One bland , listless slog .
The film is never flat-out terrible - just thoroughly bland .
While there 's little to hate , there 's almost nothing to like in a film this anodyne . The jokes are n't funny , the performances are middling and the storyline predictable .
Post Grad is trying to reproduce the wackily dysfunctional manners of family life that made Little Miss Sunshine a hit , but has n't the charm , the jokes or , significantly , the nerve .
It 's not a bad topic for a comedy , especially in the current economic climate , but the film-makers do n't have the faintest idea what to do with it .
A badly written , poorly directed and frequently excruciating comedy-drama that squanders both its talented cast and its potentially interesting premise .
A corny script and lifeless direction undermine what could have been a potentially enjoyable coming-of-age film about a young woman who thinks she has her life sorted out . Despite the talented cast , the film can only barely generate a smile .
It 's of note chiefly for giving likeable performers not one worthwhile thing to do between them .
... a coming-of-age tableau that is neither inspirational nor uplifting .
I know this world of trying to find a job after college . I tried my hand at entertainment journalism , which is crazy . This movie does not represent the humor in the job search . It was laughable what 's out there and what I did n't get .
Bland but certainly not awful , ` Post Grad ' will commence quickly to the rental shelf .
Aims for the quirkiness of Little Miss Sunshine and misses by a mile .
It 's a harmless movie that could have been even better if they made Michael Keaton the main star .
Considering the waste of time , comedic talent and film-financing , it flunks .
Post-Grad finds Alexis Bledel sinking into the quicksand of typecasting , playing nearly the same role she perfected during seven seasons as the ambitious Rory on Gilmore Girls .
The makers of Post Grad managed to squander a promising and timely concept -- relative scarcity in the job market -- by turning in a screaming dud of a comedy .
Its plot developments are safe and predictable , but the things Post Grad does well suggest it could have been more than just another middling romantic comedy .
I 've slogged my way through worse films than Post Grad , but what it lacks in sheer awfulness it more than makes up for in utter pointlessness .
The only thing that works in this film is Zach Gilford , otherwise it feels like a bad mashup of two screenplays , with a terrible life lesson .
A sweet romantic comedy that would be better suited as a TV movie rather than big screen fare
The film seems predisposed to come across as dated and nonspecific as possible .
As edgy and thought-provoking as a Sarah Palin campaign rally , though with nowhere near the same amount of laughs .
Post Grad - ` Gilmore Girl ' gone mild
It is an inert , hugely boring misfire that almost put me to sleep , and by the time it was over I could only thank my lucky stars I 'd only spent 90 minutes of my time trying to watch the darn thing .
it 's not the supporting cast that makes this movie suffer . It 's the main characters ... they 're self-centered , whiney and utterly abrasive people
Alexis Bledel plays a Ms. Sunshine who 's fresh out of college and unable to find work , and thus -- conveniently for the uninspired makers of this dismayingly conservative dramedy -- she 's temporarily bunking back home
Bledel brings a sweet , steady presence , but this sort of minor project is a step backwards . It 's high time she graduated on to bigger and better things .
Excessive niceness may be an unfair charge to lob at a movie , but Post Grad is so swaddled in good intentions that it 's like taking a very short journey cushioned on all sides by air bags . That are stuffed with cotton candy .
The story that writer Kelly Fremon wants to tell in Post Grad -- recent college grad strikes out at finding a job , moves back home with her wacky family and finds true love -- is pretty tired .
Post Grad is an annoying , tedious little film that touts a young woman 's desire to fulfill her dreams , at least until she drops them and everything else and runs across the country to follow a boy .
A joyless fluffball about after-college job woes with a dispiriting message for smart young women .
Often drags and falls flat as a stale , contrived drama and painfully unfunny comedy with forgettable , cardboard characters .
Post Grad is n't funny , surprising , or insightful enough to provoke more than a ho-hum reaction .
I would like to take this occasion to lodge a complaint . There is no valid reason , none in the observable universe , why mainstream romantic comedies must adhere to the same script .
It should be popular fare at slumber parties for diligent girls well into the next decade .
Note to the writer Kelly Fremon : Is Ryden postgraduation or postmortem ?
Sweet but instantly forgettable ; a fantasy version of post-college life carefully structured to offend no one -- and intrigue no one .
What it eventually becomes is not so much a treatise on the inequities of the workplace as another romantic comedy , light on the comedy and not much heavier on the romance .
As for Bledel , she 's certainly likeable , but lacks any real charisma here .
Post Grad may be the strangest film of 2009 . Unfortunately , not strange in a good way , strange in a bad way .
Alexis Bledel is miscast as an oddball in Post Grad , but the rest of the movie has oddity aplenty .
Post Grad deserves a failing grade .
Post Grad delivers a murky message about love , work , family and Eskimo Pies .
A movie that never quite succeeds in capturing a generation adrift .
In Post Grad , although screwiness abounds , I was wishing there were a bit more rule-breaking .
Near the end of the story , Michael Keaton utters what could come to be regarded as the direst threat in movie history : ` From now on , it 's Malby time . '
Post Grad is all about what happens after you get your diploma , but the movie itself does n't even earn an E for effort , let alone make the grade .
Jenson and Fremon want to toss in a love triangle , incorporate wacky family problems , and attempt to teach us a lesson about what is really important in life . YUCK !
The Proposal and The Ugly Truth only wish they had some of the charm of unpretentious diversions such as Bandslam or Post Grad .
Parental Content Review
Burnett even offering one of her best comical acts could not save the lousy uninspired script .
Even with its appealing cast ... most of the time Post Grad just coasts along , flat as a mortar board and as forgettable as a ... oh , I forgot already .
Post Grad heaps more bad on top of the bad that it has already delivered until all it can do is wallow in its own cliche , wondering why even the teenage girls in the front row of the theater -- the very girls that should be lapping its message up -
Post Grad is like mashed potatoes without gravy , vanilla ice cream without syrup , seltzer without flavor .
A classic turkey , the kind of movie you 'll look back on at the end of the year and realize you 've forgotten about entirely .
If Post Grad were a job applicant , it would not be hired . In all likelihood , it would have gotten lost between the elevator and the office , then sat on the floor and dribbled until someone called security .
Ah , the problems of twenty-somethings in the Real -LRB- ly Fake -RRB- World .
What switches Post Grad from the ranks of the merely mediocre films to the lower rungs of really awful ones is its misuse of a lot of talented and funny people .
Post Grad is a collection of unfunny , insipid and predictable vignettes in search of a movie .
Superficial and , by the end , insulting , such an anti-feminist slap in the face that one can scarcely believe the film was written and directed by women .
Merely lazy and routine .
A disjointed patchwork of zany character sketches lacking in coherence and credibility .
Ostensibly a comedy , and a feeble and innocuous one at that , Post Grad is one of those what-were-they-thinking ? studio productions that should have been shelved back in the script stage .
The movie then works vigorously to squander both talent and timeliness .
When a film whose cast includes Michael Keaton , Jane Lynch , Fred Armisen , Craig Robinson , Demetri Martin , and the now rarely seen Carol Burnett ca n't scare up more than a smattering of laughs , the patient was never meant to live in the first place .
Bledel can carry a film , and her level-headed charm works wonders . At least until Fremon and Jenson turn her into another dithering flick chick whose decisions are dictated by the men in her life .
Comedies like I Love You , Beth Cooper and My Life in Ruins have already set a very low bar for Fox ... Post Grad still finds room to lower that bar even further .
The film 's typically Hollywood message is timeless : If you 're a woman , your dreams and plans are meaningless without a man .
A feature-length sitcom , ... the kind of slight , vacuous comedy that evaporates long before it completes its tedious circuit to a foreordained happy ending .
Post Grad needs to go back to school .
People have names like Ryden Malby only in the movies . And we 're only expected to like people like Ryden Malby in the movies ... though I do n't see why we should give in to that kind of peer pressure .
No one in the cast , not even the great Carol Burnett , makes much of an impression in a film that virtually defines the word ` unnecessary , ' but it does manage to pull double duty as one heck of a sleep aid .
A feel-good movie that made me smile a lot .
Hopes to be many things to many different audiences . It 's a meandering mess of a motion picture , enlivened by a few performances , but ultimately , and quite aggressively , ineffectual and dreary .
` Relax , kids , ' the movie seems to say , ` life after college is like a sitcom . ' Uh , yeah .
The uncertainty of post-college life is a potential gold mine of interesting material , and this movie avoids nearly all of it .
It has no idea what it wants to be ; as a result , it gets nothing right .
As fiction characters go , Ryden seems as dull as they come , making it hard to muster much sympathy for her plight .
The greatest actress in the history of drama could n't make first-timer Kelly Fremon 's sow 's ear of a screenplay into a sow 's ear sandwich , much less a silk purse .
After watching Post Grad , you may wonder whether Hollywood will ever stop making generic comedies with zero tolerance for originality .
Though supporting players Jane Lynch , Michael Keaton , and Burnett make a valiant go of it , the film , perhaps a casualty of its own meandering aspirations , never graduates to anything special .
It 's pleasant enough , which is an OK description for a summer afternoon , but not for a movie . At least not one with ambition beyond the standard fare .
A homogenized piffle about the `` ordeal '' of a middle-class college grad momentarily without a job .
Post Grad is a Devil Wears Prada without the devil , a Reality Bites without any bite -- and not much reality , either .
A wretched dramedy about the depths of twentysomething careerist self-absorption .
Post Grad tries to do three things at once -- and half-hits the mark on only one .
Without Alexis Bledel , this pic would be a TV sitcom . With her , merely passable .

@highlight

A lightweight , unambitious comedy , Post Grad features fine actors that can do little with its middling , uninspiring script .