An orthodox Jew will identify and thereby raise the level of the movie to something beyond the temporal film experience
Dryly funny and richly humane , Ushpizin marries biblical simplicity to secular banality to depict an everyday miracle of devotion rewarded .
Ushpizin is engaging , entertaining and has something to say about us humans , through the prism of discovering % u2013 or re-discovering % u2013 the importance of faith , and the strength it can impart . Especially under duress .
In addition to providing a fascinating , agenda-free look at an unseen way of life , the film presents a lesson that should be welcome among people of any faith or none at all .
Devout and delightful . That 's a rare one-two punch for a feature film . Ushpizin pulls it off .
The film provides a valuable glimpse into the religious practices of ultra-Orthodox Jews living in Jerusalem . But it 's also a cleverly plotted film , which , refreshingly , also features a few welcome comic elements .
The type of well-written and thoughtful family film that some may have been clamoring for since the hugely successful and hugely formulaic My Big Fat Greek Wedding .
has educational value , but it 's the wrong kind
The film rests squarely on the backs of Rand and his wife , who snatches the spotlight from her professionally trained husband in her acting debut .
Sweet and satisfying .
At once alien and familiar : part Old World folk tale , part inspirational sitcom .
The award-winning Israeli film Ushpizin offers both an enlightening look at Orthodox Jewish life in Jerusalem , as well as a warm and witty tale of belief and miracles , for believers and non-believers alike .
Fervent without edging over into preachiness , the film examines the humor that can be found in the lives of the bushy-bearded , curly-sideburns set who live by a strict interpretation of the Torah .
Explores a world most of us know little or nothing about , and does it respectfully .
This is the kind of movie normally confined to small , New York art houses or to film festivals . It will not set American box-office records . But anyone who finds it will want to raise a glass and share a Succot meal with it .
A sweetly compassionate Israeli offering that has its heart firmly established in the home and the hearth .
Michal Bat-Sheva Rand took on acting for the first time and the result is terrific .
-LSB- The film -RSB- places a captivating life study in the context of a modern fairy tale .
This is a rare look inside the Orthodox community in Jerusalem and it 's educational as well as entertaining .
Very light , even saccharine at times , but blessed with enough pure charm to make the syrup go down a treat .
An unexpected delight from an unlikely source , Ushpizin is the first feature film set inside the closed community of Jerusalem 's ultra-Orthodox Jews .
It had me , this film with blessings on its mind .
It invites you in like a welcomed guest to enjoy this little story and warms your heart and lightens your day at the same time .
It raises our cultural awareness a bit , as well as generating some gentle smiles along the way .
Its best asset is its story , a tale of mounting complications that would be right at home in the Old Testament or on the classic American stage .
Ushpizin will certainly be manna to people of religious sensibility , but you need not be a believer to appreciate its humor and humanity .
Viewers who are n't familiar with Orthodox Jewish culture might have trouble fully relating to this Israeli film . But everyone should be able to appreciate its heartwarming tone .
Ushpizin may not turn out to be as popular as Miracle on 34th Street , but if you believe that miracles can happen , it is a perfect outing during the holidays .
From several perspectives , Ushpizin is a marvel .
Billed as the first film made by members of Israel 's ultra-orthodox Hassidic community , this contemporary parable might be Job gone to Jerusalem .
-LSB- T -RSB- he movie works even if you are n't clear on the religious rituals because what it offers -- a low-key fable about people of faith who do n't always measure up to their own standards -- is so likable and rare .
Carefully balanced on a fine line that encompasses both gentle humor and spiritual wisdom , ` Ushpizin ' draws the audience into its exotic world and shares its universality .
Amid intense teachings of Hasidic tenets that all life challenges are a test from God , the surprise is a warm and funny relationship movie that should win your heart .
The great achievement of Mr. Dar and Mr. Rand is their success in bridging the gap between secularism and fundamentalism with an even more universal humanism .
... rich with joyous ritual and spiritual sincerity ...
Laughs , tears and mitzvahs ensue , as the deceptively simple story yields a generous amount of illumination and uplift .
A gently comedic parable that offers a unique view of a cloistered society while addressing themes of faith , family and friendship that are universal .
Warm and compassionate .
As a portrayal of a heretofore invisible culture , it 's an important and welcome cinematic milestone .
A touching and amusing tale that expands our horizon and also should open our hearts .
The film extols the virtues of charity and generosity without sugar-coating the difficulty of same
Gentle and affecting , it offers an introduction to a mostly unfamiliar world while touching on issues recognizable to all .
While it is as sentimental as a Bible story , it 's genuinely touching and well done .
Ushpizin 's prayer-ends-all-hardships plot is one-note . But the flick does offer hope .
A respectful comedy whose interest for most audiences will be part anthropological , Ushpizin walks an interesting line .
I found myself submitting to the movie 's willingness to parse a hermetically sealed subculture on its own terms , without judgment .
Ushpizin celebrates the miracle of love and the possibility of second chances .
The wonderful chemistry between Rand and Bat Sheva Rand , his real-life wife , suggest that in some cases love may prove stronger than the dictates of religious orthodoxy .
It works , however , thanks to a witty script and believable performances from real-life husband and wife Shull Rand and Michal Bat-Sheva Rand as Moshe and Mali .
Faith is what Ushpizin is all about and , between the fine writing , direction and view into what is , to most of us , a foreign world ... , is the heart of the film .
The groundbreaking film Ushpizin , a rare collaboration between secular and ultra-Orthodox Israelis , offers a warmhearted vision of marriage among Hasidic Jews .
The film bridges the secular and religious with a light touch , using ritual specifics as a way into a very human story .
As directed by Gidi Dar , Ushpizin has a disarming folk quality .
a true cinematic experience - it takes you to a world which you might not otherwise ever experience . And it leaves you with a smile .
Adorable folk tale that could have come from I. Bashevis Singer 's pen .
Pity that the story behind the making of Ushpizin is more interesting than the film itself .
Ushpizin is a ground-breaking , enjoyable , and original movie that humanizes and dramatizes the haredi lifestyle .
Equal parts Isaac Bashevis Singer -LRB- Yentl -RRB- and Capra -LRB- It 's a Wonderful Life -RRB- , this charming Israeli folktale offers an inside humorous look at the lives of Hassidic Jews
An enjoyable seriocomic tale .




@highlight

Ushpizin offers a rare and warmly intimate look into ultra-Orthodox Jewish culture .