One hit , one acceptable miss , one miss , and one dead-on-arrival mistake . Still a better percentage than the first movie , or most found-footage horror as a whole .
Inconsistency aside , this franchise remains a shot in the arm for horror fans , and it would be great to see them continue to make it an annual tradition with new writers/directors sharing billing each time .
Less is not necessarily more in this slimmed-down collection .
Terrifyingly terrific stuff .
Slicker than the original without the sudden lurches in quality , this second shaky-cam horror anthology still has a standout sequence by which all the others must be judged .
An amusing and crowd pleasing selection of found footage from a group of up and coming genre directors with one deeply disturbing stand out section from Gareth Evans and Timo Tjahjanto .
If you 're a fan of the original V/H/S production , this is bound to compel you , however if you left the last feeling somewhat disgruntled and underwhelmed , do n't expect enough of an increase in quality to sway you this time around .
This is a showcase for ideas about new ways to approach the genre . In that regard , it is both entertaining and inventive .
There are some dull stretches here , but also some grisly instant hits : nasty , deplorable , vulgar and sometimes brilliant .
Someone please give Gareth Evans lots of money to make amazing , violent , creative horror films .
The final product is a lo-fi , handheld hellraiser with a varying success rate but with more ballsy gusto than most mainstream horrors .
There 's only so much shakycam and shrieking a person can stomach in one go .
Agreeable , but the tape 's been slightly chewed since compilation # 1 .
The first film may have been better , and was certainly more original , but VHS is a patchy , outmoded format that can always accommodate second-generation materials .
Gregg Hale and Eduardo Sánchez 's A Ride in the Park puts a thoroughly innovative spin on the zombie genre and immediately establishes itself as a highlight within the entire series .
This entry is even more inconsistent than the original , also suffering from oft-incomprehensible coverage and another dull wrap-around story .
The four shorts this time share a unifying structure : they start calmly enough and then build to frenzied -- and usually very bloody -- heights .
-LSB- This -RSB- sequel to the 2012 cult DVD hit waivers in its overall fright factor but slam-dunks enough horror moments -LRB- most of them inventively bloody and grotesque -RRB- to ensure a franchise arc in years to come .
None of the pieces is terribly original in concept , the performances are mostly as shaky as the camerawork , and the connecting thread is stretched pretty thin .
This sequel includes five storylines , each one vying for the most ridiculous excuse for people to be recording on a video camera .
After a lackluster start , V/H/S / 2 shifts into a higher gear -- and vastly improves over its 2012 predecessor .
V/H/S / 2 is raw and rough-edged and rude . It is also , for the hardcore horror fan , a total blast .
V/H/S / 2 is by no means a perfect movie ; unlike its first installment , however , its hits far outweighs its misses .
V/H/S 2 is a whole lot of fun . We can imagine fans of midnight movies shrieking with delight at some of the sections ...
V/H/S / 2 is likely to be as popular with fans as its predecessor . It certainly earns that right .
VHS 2 is an improvement on its predecessor in just about every way possible - though , it still suffers as an uneven mix of parts -LRB- with varying quality -RRB- .
Future entries would do well to follow the example set by this one .
The horror movie equivalent of a wimp who relies on steroids to lend him a fearsome appearance while his eyes still tell the truth .
Found footage is all well and good , but if it 's unwatchable , it might as well have stayed lost .
V/H/S / 2 is about as dull as watching someone else play a first-person shooter video game , only more gross .
Erratic perspectives and high-strung camera movements predominate , ricocheting from one gory tableau to another .
Where V/H/S feels deliberately homemade , V/H/S / 2 boasts a slickness that 's distracting and counterproductive .
`` V/H/S / 2 '' may be hit-and-miss , but it 's what midnight movies were made for .
For 30 screaming-mad minutes , V/H/S / 2 achieves a kind of fever pitch of nightmare hysteria .
None of the chapters use the unifying formal conceit to any real advantage ; only one , directed by Timo Tjahjanto and The Raid : Redemption 's Gareth Huw Evans , is worth a rental .
A diabolically psychotic , sub-mental and completely unwatchable disaster ...
There is n't a scare to be found ...
Hardcore horror junkies will get their fix ; non-addicts will enjoy a hit or two but lament not getting a sustained high .
Its work to course-correct the franchise rewards with a tighter , more adventuresome sequel , smartly using hindsight to build a consistent odyssey of voyeuristic brutality .
Its seven directors surpass the imagination and intensity of those in the original V/H/S , reiterating the format 's importance as both a showcase for interstitial creativity between feature-length projects and a testing ground for future ones .
Consistently surprising with stylistic ingenuity and storytelling elegance . Never afraid to journey into the blackest of hearts , the filmmakers involved in `` V/H/S / 2 '' have given the project their best shot , and it shows .
If three of the stories had been decent , I probably could have let it slide , and indeed about halfway through the film , I was surprised to find myself enjoying it . Then the second half hits and the film slides into mediocrity .
It 's a 50/50 split as two of the shorts are great and two ... well , not so much .
A fantastic sequel that will satisfy the appetites of horror fans who enjoyed the first outing .
Last year 's anthology horror production `` V/H/S '' was a revelation mainly because it took the overly familiar found-footage genre and exploited it to the fullest extent . The sequel , `` V/H/S 2 , '' achieves a similar goal with more frightening extremes
A couple of these shorts are good enough to become features .
V/H/S / 2 is a consistently terrific genre omnibus , and an excellent example of a goofy gimmick seemingly past its cinematic sell date .
A derivative horror film with dizzying camerawork and virtually no plot or character development .
V/H/S / 2 is V/H/S on mega-steroids , but Gareth Evans and Timo Tjahjanto easily steal the show with their segment `` Safe Haven '' - which will undoubtedly be one of the strongest horror entries in 2013 .
The scares in V/H/S / 2 are totally different and more jump oriented than the eerie , slow builds in the original .
The wraparound hour may not be very good , but those middle 40 minutes are a lot of fun .
A welcome contrast to the first film 's snuff-y atmosphere and general mean-spiritedness , featuring more humor , fewer hateful characters , and occasional twinges of relatable human emotion .
Just imagine the kind of anthology that might yet be born should all involved be held to the evident highlights of these films so far .
If it 's not great V/H/S / 2 is still a vast improvement over the first ; brutal and efficient and immensely entertaining .
Sequel or not , this is a fantastic foursome of horror shorts -- and yes , the wrap-around stuff is better this time .
what S-VHS lacks in true pyloric valve-loosening fear , it makes up for with some other three letter combos : WTF and LOL .
A fine string of scary installments that makes the original V/H/S , even its better entries , pale in comparison .
Bloodier , more intense , and on the whole more effective than its predecessor .
Less turns out to be much more for S-VHS , a sequel to last year 's uneven indie horror omnibus V/H/S ; this one is shorter and has fewer segments , but also earns a much higher batting average .
The four `` tapes '' in S-VHS provide a diverse series of horror short films , but their potential is squandered by the film 's overall , disappointing plot , which is a weak-attempted framing device .
S-VHS is a next generation improvement on the first film .

@highlight

It 's as scattershot as its predecessor , but V/H/S / 2 rounds up enough horror filmmaking talent to deliver a satisfyingly nasty -- albeit uneven -- dose of gore .