... while its themes are important , they 've all but fallen to the wayside by the film 's third act , which becomes a far too typical hipster comedy -LRB- think Frances Ha -RRB- with an anticlimactic ending that does n't bring any closure to Shirin 's story .
Approaching contentious topics with clarity and tact and attempting to find the correct balance between irony and outright offence within a comedic context can often be a tricky affair .
Appropriate Behavior marks a strong first-time effort for the director , and establishes her ability as both a filmmaker and as an actress with considerable screen presence .
Ms. Akhavan shows promise as an assured director , a talented writer and an interesting actress .
What seems most promising about Akhavan 's directing talent is her very specific eye .
The terrific film captures , among other things , the terror of trying to get back into the dating scene when you do n't really fit into any scene .
This deeply flawed debut is worth checking out . Akhavan is definitely one to watch .
The movie does n't seem to be up to anything larger than an amiable slice of urban life , and it does n't need to be .
If the lead character in Girls were a bisexual Iranian woman trying to navigate modern life in hipsterish Brooklyn ... it might come out something like Appropriate Behavior ...
It 's a film offering us a rare perspective and highlighting why having female , LGBTQ , and minority perspectives as a whole are so woefully missed and so entirely necessary .
It is admittedly another entry into the hip New York twenty-something subgenre . It is also , however , a frank and very funny debut from an interesting new talent .
-LSB- Akhavan is -RSB- a whiz at writing characters whose life seems to extend beyond their brief screentime .
There 's an engaging , indie sense of emotional flux in writer-director Desiree Akhavan 's feature debut ... and a very funny script indeed behind it .
There 's no denying that Appropriate Behaviour is often good fun with a handful of truly great sequences , but as a film it 's anything but consistent .
Despite its navel-gazing tendencies , this retains a spicily frank comedic edge , laced with the kind of bitingly quotable epithets you 'll wish you 'd thought of yourself .
Tall , dark and drily funny .
The writer-director-star Desiree Akhavan 's lesbian romcom is well observed and often very witty .
Unconventional but rewarding .
Akhavan has limbs like Miranda Hart and , at times , seems as desperate to please . Yet she 's got real charisma . When she stops trying so hard , the film soars .
Akhavan achieves a near-perfect blend of satirical jaundice and naked delight in all things bohemian .
The female-fronted confessional comedy is given a Middle Eastern twist in writer/director Desiree Akhavan 's sharply penned feature debut , in which she also stars .
Appropriate Behaviour has an indulgent , slightly precious autobiographical feel - but it is funny , risky and in exhilaratingly bad taste .
It 's Akhavan 's presence that elevates it above a crowded field . Her film 's a little bit different from the norm , and that - for now - is promising enough .
An original and charismatically honest New York comedy .
With an astute and very funny script , this quirky comedy is packed with entertaining characters and situations that continually catch the audience by surprise ...
Appropriate Behaviour is a confident and witty debut about finding yourself and fitting in that knows exactly what it wants to say . Akhavan is undoubtedly one to watch .
A solid , grounded piece of work that approaches its subject with a maturity remarkable for a first feature from a young director .
A true multicultural comedy , equally at home in its hipster Brooklyn and Iranian immigrant settings , taking a loving and scornful look at both .
If Woody Allen were a tall Iranian bisexual woman with a gawky Sandra-Bullockish beauty and an exasperating , egocentric outlook on the world , Appropriate Behavior would have been his Annie Hall .
Akhavan 's most effective resource as a storyteller is her own face , a sometimes Chaplinesque blend of farce and pathos . She is a big talent to watch .
Funny and specific , it makes you eager to see what this filmmaker does next .
Akhavan 's confidently off-kilter approach to basic human interaction makes for an authentically ironic , adorably wistful , smartly observed ride .
... Appropriate Behavior depicts a woman striving to be a quirky indie protagonist and gradually realizing that she 's actually a human being .
There 's a lot to get across here , a lot of information , but the real strength of `` Appropriate Behavior '' is that you can sense , in every scene , that Akhavan really has something to say .
For all its disorganization and lack of an ending or even a sense of direction , `` Appropriate Behavior '' is alive .
It seems poised to become a similar cult classic for young urbanites .
Desiree Akhavan 's tale of queer post-breakup funk shows more nuance , and racial dimension , than its cinematic cousins .
Ultimately , Appropriate Behavior works almost in spite of itself ...
For all the brazen charms of this warm , funny debut ... its quieter moments signal a profundity that 's really worth getting excited about .
`` Shirin 's pursuit of her true self is n't just a story we 've rarely , if ever , seen on film ; it 's the introduction of a hilarious and essential new voice . ''
It 's another New York-based coming-of-age comedy/drama , but do n't roll your eyes : Desiree Akhavan is a fresh new voice in filmmaking .
If this is a familiar kind of film with a familiar setting and a familiar resolution , that intense delicacy makes it clear that its creator is an unusual talent .
Forget its generic title , its breakup setup , and its indie-standard Brooklyn walk-and-talks : Writer/director Desiree Akhavan 's Appropriate Behavior is the freshest comedy of life and love in the city since Obvious Child .
Desiree Akhavan cleverly skewers so much of what makes Brooklyn-set indies the subject of derision , but she does it with grace and humor , not with potshots or exaggerated gags .
The slender , seemingly autobiographical film has its share of neurotic charms and funny one-liners , but it 's too tentative about digging into its identity conflicts -- sexual or cultural .
Sometimes a film need not totally work in order to win you over . Case in point : Appropriate Behavior , which heralds the arrival of a fresh talent in the form of multi-hyphenate Desiree Akhavan .
Appropriate Behavior is n't a narrative about ethnicity or even LGBT struggles in the traditional sense , but rather a means of exploring the problems that result from reinforcing those very barriers . In the process , it introduces a thoroughly modern voice .
In its a-linear presentation of the story of Maxine and Shirin 's relationship , the film takes after Annie Hall , though we spend a fair portion of the film observing Shirin in the aftermath of that relationship 's demise .
Appropriate Behavior is the sexy , soulful , snarky directorial debut of writer and star Desiree Akhavan ... If this is her Tiny Furniture , expect more great things to come .
Falls into single-girl-in-the-city clichés a few too many times for my tastes , but heralds the arrival of someone who seems likely to do impressive things .
Funny , unique , and entirely inappropriate , Appropriate Behavior is a supremely satisfying and irreverent take on the New York rom-com .
It may be a lesbian Persian-American ` Girls ' knockoff , but writer-director-star Desiree Akhavan 's debut still packs plenty of punch .

@highlight

Warm , funny , and quietly profound , Appropriate Behavior serves as a thoroughly compelling calling card for writer , director , and star Desiree Akhavan .