It 's Caine who shines brightest with his gentle anger and newfound joy mixing into a bittersweet reconciliatory release .
Caine 's brave attempt to speak pigeon French with an American accent produces some unintentionally comedic moments . Every time he says ` Merci ' , for example , you 'll think he 's spotted a horse . As in `` mare , see ! ''
Sir Michael Caine is London personified , a British movie icon with one of the most distinctive voices in cinema . So why on earth would you mis-cast him as an American in Paris with a totally implausible accent ?
A melancholic cross between Venus and Goodbye , Mr Chips , which could have been more enticingly entitled Venus and Chips .
The great Michael Caine brings a touching vulnerability to Mr Morgan 's Last Love , a maudlin melodrama set in a pretty-looking Paris .
Caine 's heart-rending flourish aside , this often mawkish drama struggles to make a point .
The film is a little too soft-centred to do justice to its own themes of bereavement , jealousy and family breakdown .
It soon becomes clear that the chances of Caine and Poésy 's characters ' lop-sided relationship germinating into something interesting are vanishingly slim .
Ultimately something of a disappointment thanks to a frustrating script that lacks focus and is n't sure which story to tell .
This sentimental Michael Caine drama is so dull that doctors could prescribe it to treat insomnia .
Complex emotions and a gentle exploration of interpersonal connections make this Paris-set drama worth a look , especially since it 's so nicely played by the eclectic cast .
The cloying sweetness of this film is pretty murderous .
-LSB- A -RSB- sentimental , platitude-strewn film ...
has a bitter sweet quality that will appeal to an older demographic whose empathy with the themes will overcome the glitches
It 's the labouring nature and tone of the story that eventually wore me down in this tale about grief , love and loss , despite a wonderful cast headed by Michael Caine
Last Love ambles into a finale that tries to resonate with something resembling tragic beauty , but never earns that right .
Dreary and depressing , it 's so downmeat that even the considerable talents of Michael Caine can not enliven the viewing .
A story told too often highlights three great young actors , an emerging director and features a humorous and workmanlike performance by the master , Michael Caine , himself .
Last Love does n't have all that much story behind it , but a couple outstanding performances are enough to make it quite an enjoyable film .
A clunky , banal and over-expository screenplay saved by the well-nuanced , heartfelt performance of Michael Caine , one of the greatest actors of our time .
This is a glacially paced movie , filled with sickly picture postcard imagery that seems designed to put you to sleep .
This somber work about the worthiness of living has little life in it .
`` Last Love '' starts out promising enough , but alas , it does n't last .
Conventional drama about an ex-pat retired American professor mourning his beloved wife 's passing benefits from always watchable star Michael Caine . But widespread web availability and familiar treatment of material ... will spell mild box office .
This dull , dawdling film , adapted from Françoise Dorner 's novel `` La Douceur Assassine , '' eventually succumbs to sentimentality .
Not much happens in Sandra Nettelbeck 's intimate family drama , but its well-drawn connections between lonely souls make an impact nonetheless .
Nettelbeck ... strives to make Last Love a genuinely complex drama rooted in recognizable human behavior , and fails utterly in that effort .
Caine is terrific here , making Last Love and its ultimate third-act nosedive palatable , even profound during a few scenes of intimate soul searching .
You do n't want a sequel to this one .
Though there are some small , beautiful moments in Nettelbeck 's drama , Last Love as a whole feels like it 's been dosed with Xanax .
Mawkishly adapted from Françoise Dorner 's novel by Sandra Nettelbeck -LRB- Mostly Martha -RRB- , the proceedings are so gentle that no dramatic momentum materializes .
A three-hander situated comfortably between Venus and Amour on the Euro-codger fun-time spectrum .
A poignant drama about loss , friendship , family and true love . It 's a slow-moving -- but beautiful -- film with performances that go straight to your heart .
It almost feels like the film splits into two separate stories in the second half .
`` Last Love '' sticks to a flaccid middle ground lacking any real drama or pathos .

@highlight

Last Love benefits from a typically strong Michael Caine performance , but it 's ultimately too mawkish and dawdling to make much impact .