Like most relationship films it has a tendency to self-indulgence . Prime is less about relationships than it is about life lessons - a funny , bittersweet one ; but that is unfortunately what a lot of relationships turn out to be .
`` Prime '' is an above average romantic comedy that still does n't quite make the grade .
Really is nice , often charming , occasionally funny .
Not very funny , I did n't like it .
Ironically , this therapeutic romantic comedy ultimately suffers from too many unexplored issues .
Meryl Streep brilla en esta comedia romántica graciosa y disfrutable sobre el amor , los prejuicios , y otras costumbres muy humanas .
Though it 's derivative and it does n't all hang together , it 's still better and smarter than the average romantic comedy -- give me Ben Younger over Nora Ephron any day .
You 'd get/give a second date after this one . Probably .
-LSB- Prime is -RSB- an enjoyable romcom , it 's sharply observed and has some interesting things to say about relationships . Worth seeing .
... mature and surprisingly thoughtful ...
All of `` Prime '' is ripe for the kind of discovery that comes with seeing it on a video store shelf after either passing it a few times or not finding what you wanted the first time .
A solid romantic comedy that benefits from its ambition to look at the importance of age and religious differences , even if it could have gone deeper .
It 's pretentiously clever premise executed in a very conventional , and ultimately dull manner , Prime is an intended heartbreaker that in execution is an extended flatline .
Never really rises above comedic fluff , no matter how introspective or bittersweet it becomes .
The highlight of this complex love story is the moment when Meryl Streep 's conservative therapist realises that the intimate details her vulnerable patient -LRB- Uma Thurman -RRB- is sharing with her , are actually about her own son .
The odd thing about Prime is that the film is so neatly constructed and the story so engaging , I have little to say besides please go see it .
... yet another film that screams , ` Wait for the video release . '
... boasts a strong cast , but sticks it in too many contrived sitcom scenarios that detract from much of the emotional impact .
Abrahams and Streep simply steal a movie dominated by two less interesting characters .
Prime is as dead as any body at the morgue .
A surprisingly wise , mature and difficult look at psychiatric ethics and the inherent problems of dating outside one 's age bracket .
Well , I 'm still not sure why this movie is called `` Prime . '' But regardless of its title , it 's an enjoyable , intelligent romantic comedy that has its share of drama , too .
If anyone is in their ` prime ' it is Meryl Streep who just keeps getting better
The laughs in ` Prime ' keep coming , as do hopes for someone to have a happy ending .
Younger is correct that considerations such as age , religion and circumstance can be enough to keep people from simply loving each other . And he 's able to wring decent comedy from a sad reality .
The writing and direction by Ben Younger is crisp and insightful enough to prevail , and the performances are all very good .
Prime is an amiable but woefully predictable clunky comedy in search for refreshing wackiness spearheaded by its May/December kissy-poo combatants .
Prime sometimes feel as if the movie itself has n't fully formed or matured . Ironic , yes , so it 's nice that it has Streep and Thurman to pull you through .
It 's the sort of film that begs for the chapter select feature in DVDs . In a theater , this option is sadly unavailable .
feels a bit gimmicky at times , but it succeeds because it 's filled with likeable characters , solid acting and some all too painfully funny moments of humanity
... hack work done by talented people rather than hack work done by hacks .
... has the distinct feel of a favor .
-LSB- L -RSB- ike what would happen if CBS gave Woody Allen a slot on Monday nights at 9:30 : Oops , I Accidentally Screwed My Neurotic Jewish Therapist 's Overmothered Son .
Director and cast are smart enough to not shy away from a romantic comedy that can only end , if not badly , then at least in the melancholy tears of lessons hard won .
it quickly becomes a one-note joke with exactly the same punch line every five or ten minutes
All the characters are likeable and flawed -LRB- just like the genial film -RRB- .
The only real saving grace in the movie -- to the extent that it has one -- is Streep , whose scenes with Thurman zing with a breezy , passive-aggressive delight .
This a prime example of a movie that you adore big sections of , but it does n't all work together .
Prime is a somewhat enjoyable look at a budding , albeit complicated , romance . But it tends to take itself a tad too seriously .
Follows a familiar boy-meets-girl scenario , but Younger turns the routine into combustible fun .
Younger ... has no evident flair for comedy .
A movie as weirdly titled as it is constructed , the romantic comedy Prime is proof that even the great Meryl Streep occasionally slips up in her acting choices .
A truly surprising , warm and delightful romantic comedy .
Streep , beaming in her horn-rimmed glasses and spouting platitudes like ` Focus on the now , for now , ' makes it all a treat .
It 's just a mundane older-woman , younger-man romance played with more than the usual amount of contrivances .
A cut above the formulaic romances Hollywood typically grinds out .
This falls short of the obvious model , Woody Allen 's Annie Hall , but the performers are engagingly good at pushing the situation along .
Funny , heartfelt and flawed romantic comedy .
Wryly funny and refreshingly sophisticated for most of its running time .
Manages a number of decent PG-13 laughs .
David makes little sense as a character .
A wildly uneven picture that is confused at its core .
The sort of movie where all of the best jokes are in the trailer , but these days a romantic comedy with anything worth quoting at all is something of an accomplishment .
Occasionally amusing , generally fatuous .
Where the movie works is the first hour with Streep and Thurman wonderfully playing off each other .
-LSB- Younger -RSB- turns what could have been a silly romp into something bigger and more beautiful , something that embraces both laughter and tears .
Once the unlikely premise is established , the movie drags on , injected with one-liners and padded with way too many complicated misunderstandings , reconciliations and breakups .
It offers an unlikely romance in a somewhat comic situation , finding both humor and emotional truth .
All that really keeps Prime from being a one-gag , one-dimensional affair is Streep .
While Greenberg is amiable enough , he certainly does n't have the charisma needed to play the leading man in this romantic comedy .
This soggy , uninspired entertainment seems to demonstrate that director Ben Younger , who did such a terrific job with the stock-swindle movie Boiler Room , does n't have the chops for a comedy that 's trying to be funny and perceptive .
Not quite a romantic comedy , Prime is a hybrid of conflicting tones .
Refreshingly bright , unpredictable and intelligent while still offering moments of giddy humor that take you totally by surprise .
A surprisingly smart romantic comedy .
Prime may not work as a whole movie , but the sum of its parts is remarkable .
Streep basically recuses herself before the third act , and without her subplot the movie really loses a lot of its zip .
Younger 's real achievement is his ability to show the romance from all three vantage points . ... well-stocked with smart one-liners and sharp observations ...
Streep has played comedy before , and she 's on top of her game here , able to do more with a twitching eyebrow than some actresses can do with a page of dialogue .
Ventures into Woody Allen territory but never quite captures the wit or wistfulness .
I like that a movie with such a farcical premise can be so upscale and witty .
The kind of film that will be widely referred to as ` cute , ' but this is the rare case where `` cute '' does not translate to ` insulting . '
If Younger truly wanted to work out some fantasies on the big screen , Prime is the dullest , most unimaginative way he could 've achieved that goal .
It 's as if making the movie was a marathon for Younger , and he ran out of steam 2/3rds of the way through .
competently trots through predictable terrain
A film that 's often a riot , with laughter growing out of identifiable human behavior .
A prime example of risk-free film-making .
Not quite a romance by numbers , Prime is nevertheless a movie we need like a hole in the head .
The appeal of the leads and their earnest performances carries the day , along with comic relief from the supporting cast .
Streep 's character -- a humorous blend of open-minded therapist and neurotic Jewish mother -- makes the movie worth watching .
-LSB- Thurman 's -RSB- summery radiance helps make this thin romantic comedy hard to dislike .
As with most contemporary attempts at the kind of sophisticated romantic comedies that used to be Hollywood 's specialty of the house , this one shrivels and flames out .
With its ambiguous title and tepid love story , the only thing going for Prime is Meryl Streep .
Something about the way it ends feels like a cop-out , and the opportunities for humor are n't exploited quite as well as they could be .
A pleasing balance between romantic moments ... and humor-focused scenes that feel fresh , even if often treading on familiar territory
Despite its title , ` Prime ' does n't earn terribly high grades .
Greenberg comes off as dull , which is ironic considering he excelled on Unscripted as a struggling actor who lands a big role opposite Meryl Streep and Uma Thurman .
Very funny , but only in clumps . The film has a difficult time in figuring out where its aim lies . By the underwhelming finale , it 's still searching .
Offers a few laughs , enough formula to fill a bathtub , and Meryl Streep , who is always enjoyable to watch , even if the movie around her is n't .
In its comedy of errors are actors who bring truth at least to their dialogue .
Lovely performances , some hilarious moments and some surprisingly touching ones , and the best pie-in-the-face gag since Mack Sennett .
Streep , who seems to have found a new lease on life as a loosey-goosey comedienne , does more with it than might have seemed possible .
Streep finds lots of fresh ground in scenes in which her character has to wrestle with her professional obligations and mom obligations .
The film drifts about , groping for its center .
Streep gives a truly spectacular comic performance and even the rookie Greenberg holds his own against the two veterans .
No movie could survive the dotty premise of this hyperchipper romantic comedy about an age-inappropriate affair -- he 's 23 , she 's 37 , and we 're supposed to buy this as a May-December love story ?
Writer-director Ben Younger wants to be Woody Allen in the worst way . Unfortunately , he 's gone about it in the worst way .
A mishmash of a movie about a May-December romantic relationship set in New York City .
... resorts to repeating the same lines with only slightly minor variations for what seems like an eternity but in fact is actually only one hour and 45 minutes .
It 's a satisfying romantic comedy and a worthwhile diversion .
A romance created on a Hollywood backlot , lowlighted by Meryl Streep 's inept comedic effort as a Jewish Mother cum analyst .
Brazenly preposterous .
A go nowhere do nothing movie .
A romantic comedy that 's merely half a good movie .
Hilarious and heartfelt .
A minor romantic comedy with a pseudo-indie feel .
An oddly juiceless older woman-younger man romance .
Though Younger contests Woody Allen 's stereotype of the Jewish lover as a nebbish , his low-key , ultra-modest film represents a step down from his striking debut , Boiler Room
A moment here and there may remind you of Woody Allen 's better comedies , but Younger has put his own stamp on this familiar territory .











@highlight

Though Streep is dependably terrific in her role , the rest of the movie is too sitcom-ish , and the romance itself is dull .