What a sad missed opportunity it is -- a poorly written squirmathon that is the most appalling film about Oxford I have ever seen , which is saying something given the 1990s rowing horror True Blue .
Wade , who also wrote the screenplay , must have done her homework and the banter between these over-indulged young men sounds authentic , though one hopes their air of entitlement has been greatly exaggerated .
They may be scum , but those Riot Club boys sure know how to fill out a tuxedo handsomely .
If the movie were solely -LSB- the -RSB- forty-five or so minute -LSB- debaucherous centerpiece of a banquet -RSB- it 'd be a resounding success .
If you think the English class system is a thing of the past , this savage indictment the country 's privileged will set you straight .
-LSB- A -RSB- lack of subtlety throws the film into a spiral of excess that knocks over any chance at intelligent commentary as it plows forward , drunk on its own narrative .
At an exclusive Oxford club , privilege and cruelty have become second nature
... spends more than an hour depicting the extremes of bad behavior before settling for a safe and conventional resolution that rings false .
An tough to watch but entertaining inside look at the vulgar side of the posh life .
Who 's up for a little blunt-force social commentary about the haves and have-nots , set in the rarefied clime of Oxford University ?
The film makes for a pertinent indictment of white-male privilege still clinging here in the 21st century . It 's somewhat less satisfying as a movie thanks to a heavy , sombre tone that might have been well served by a little satiric leavening .
Although the performances are uniformly on point and the dialogue is tartly British , the film ultimately fails to earn its riotous stripes .
-LSB- A -RSB- searing satire of the British upper class , a film at its best in moments of viscerally shocking depravity , but mired in talk .
It 's not subtle , but it 's stylish enough to sell the film 's second half .
The Riot Club ... feels like the British cousin to The Wolf of Wall Street .
The Riot Club is less a free-for-all-brawl than a somewhat grating kerfuffle . Sherfig who won us over with An Education lost her way a bit here , no doubt because Wade could n't transform her own play into a thoroughly enticing screenplay .
This close-up , contemporary look inside a super-secretive Oxford University dining society of ostensible gentlemen sparkles with rapid-fire dialogue and outrageous behavior .
It 's a film that seems to have no further point than to remind us that some powerful jerks were once powerful jerk kids . Point taken , but it 's not cinematically satisfying .
I was drained and quivering with fury and disgust .
The Riot Club is , finally , a monster movie . Which I suppose is what some become who are too rich and powerful to be bothered with inhibitions or morality .
The Riot Club comes with the dubious ambition of instructing us as to the evil ways of spoiled British toffs , as if that were needed .
It 's all quite superficial , but never less than gripping , and is aided by an ending that at least does n't compromise too much-the movie finishes with a smirk more than a smile .
Scherfig often does n't seem to understand what kind of film she 's making , resulting in a broad first half and a slow-motion creep-fest in the latter .
A tense , at times disturbing film .
An alleged cautionary tale that revels in bad behavior for nearly two hours before finally offering up a stern `` tsk , tsk , tsk . ''
Coarse work , attempting to rile up viewers with troubling scenes of destruction and dismissal , but it 's also convincingly acted , with accessible emotions keeping the material fascinating .
-LSB- An -RSB- engaging but malignant look at male privilege run amok .
For a movie about a bunch of debauched Oxford swells , The Riot Club is remarkably lacking in wit ... and debauchery , for that matter .
Scherfig , who showed such subtlety in `` An Education , '' this time proves embarrassingly vulgar , giving the film the unfortunate aura of an angry leaflet being handed out on a street corner by a wild-eyed protester .
They 've made an unpleasant film about unpleasant people behaving unpleasantly . Unfortunately , nothing else about The Riot Club is as clean as its tone .
Scherfig 's stagings of these suspenseful set pieces are masterful , but the rest of the thriller is a fairly predictable manifesto against Britain 's de facto oligarchy .
The thinly sketched characters of the film are numerous and inconsequential , with director Lone Scherfig giving sparse attention to humanizing or deepening them .
It 's a pity the film 's more shocking developments were n't matched by greater insight , plausibility and satire .
A truly repellent piece of work ...
Posh will certainly reinforce a certain male stereotype in the national psyche .
The Riot Club slightly labours its point but does many of the simple things well .
The ensemble of handsome young British actors donning the requisite tailcoats and arrogant airs are all too seductively believable , and it is the film 's few representatives of the lumpen bourgeoisie who can make the film seem just a touch unsubtle .
The performances of the young cast are committedly brittle , especially Ben Schnetzer playing the antithesis of his Tory-baiting role in Pride .
We 'd happily sterilise all the eponymous characters .
About as subtle as a blow to the head from a polo mallet .
The Riot Club ca n't always transcend its theatrical origins , but there 's a nasty sting lurking under all those high spirits and all these pretty people
The ensemble cast works well together , with special mention going to Douglas Booth as the charismatic centre of the club , but the escalating destructiveness threatens to become too sensationalist ...
The Danish director Lone Scherfig does a fair job of conveying the brutishness of her protagonists , their sense of entitlement and their vicious snobbery . Laura Wade 's script -LRB- based on her own play Posh -RRB- is very sharply written .
An occasionally fun , but grotesquely caricatured and ultimately flawed mockery of the upper-classes .
It 's almost as if the film has been designed to make fans of Downton Abbey realise the error of their ways . Are you impressed - aroused , even - by the stinking rich ? If so , get ready to hold your nose .
-LSB- A -RSB- powerful and intriguing film .
One can hardly argue with the film 's thunderous message - that ours is still far from a classless society , and that family connections will always give such people a leg-up , no matter how low they stoop .
Laura Wade 's 2010 play Posh offered a fictionalised account of Oxford 's Bullingdon Club and it has now been transformed into an enjoyable film by Lone Scherfig .
Hooray for a good old-fashioned rich-bastard bashing . But they get the last laugh : These guys are the future masters of the universe . Hooray .
Well played across the board , The Riot Club is an entertaining glimpse into the dark side of privilege . Yet it lacks the richness and insight to be anything more .
Good show .
It 's a sharp satirical cartoon of English class warfare and class conspiracy - though it fudges a final point of plot-jeopardy and I suspect a director like Thomas Vinterberg or Lars von Trier would have made it a hardcore nightmare .
While the dark drama is never dull , its portrait of upper-crust entitlement run amok is seldom surprising either .
Brits might object to such an enraging portrayal , which veers between salacious and cynical , though Scherfig 's unique perspective is just one more reason she was such a smart choice to handle this material .
Scherfig gives us the worst of both worlds : there is none of the infectious glee of bad behaviour but plenty of hand-wringing in the morning after . Her film is all hangover .
Maybe this all seemed very sharp on stage . On the big screen it 's like being hit repeatedly over the head with a croquet mallet .
Could be called THE WOLF OF WALL STREET : THE OXFORD YEARS .
A darkly funny , colossally unflattering send-up of The Bullingdon Club .
Adapting her own savagely funny play Posh , Laura Wade betters it by adding an additional female presence -LRB- Holliday Grainger -RRB- who sees these Bullingdon bullies at their worst .
It might at first seem like a comedy but , with its mounting horrors and nod to those currently in charge , sadly it 's clear that the joke is on us .
An effective and shrewdly observed satire , with a handful of standout performances and a gloriously bitter sting in the tail .
Lone Scherfig 's limp state-of-the-nation address is powered solely by grotesque stereotypes .
Conflicting our sympathies serves the work well . Both play and film button-push , but the substantial changes made in the transfer soften the grotesque and muddy the waters .
Some of the supporting performances are so hammily spiteful and giggly they let the side down , but the film is perfectly cast in its main roles .
A powerful and illuminating delve into the darker side of young well-to-do British men who dub themselves upper class and celebrate their life of privilege through the excesses of an exclusive Oxford University undergraduate dining society .
Apart from the performances , there is nothing much to latch onto in `` The Riot Club . '' The bitter sense of humor entertains , but overstays its welcome halfway through .

@highlight

The Riot Club may not be subtle , but it makes its points with power , using dark humor and a talented cast to offer a scathing indictment of unearned privilege .