Both the film and the book retain the echoing emptiness of a self-published work , a feeling that this is a one-dimensional vanity project produced without the benefit of an editor or censor or any corrective balance .
While it is certainly a respectable work , it operates solely on a restrained emotional level . In the end , Still Alice somehow avoids a real confrontation with its own materials , giving us instead a disguised form of sentimentality .
The film is lifted by one of the few actresses out there who can make even the blankest of despair feel entirely fresh .
If only the film itself were worthy of Moore 's work .
Moore 's performance as a well-to-do woman stricken with Alzheimer 's before her time redeems Richard Glatzer and Wash Westmoreland 's cringe-drama Still Alice .
What works beyond a shadow of a doubt is Julianne Moore herself . For a long time now , she has demonstrated an uncanny range and power .
In Still Alice , we witness a woman who is waving and drowning . It is her fate . It is who she is . Moore makes watching her struggle a rare , if wrenching , privilege .
Still Alice is a close-to-heartbreaking portrait of mental illness and a genuinely effecting character study .
She captures Alice 's distintegration with magisterial precision-the confusion , panic , anger , and heroic resolve to still be herself-and does it all without ever pleading for our sympathy .
Polished but forgettable .
It 's the intent of this moving film to capture something that for obvious reasons is rarely attempted in memoir or movie , i.e. , the experience of the deadly disease from the perspective of the sufferer rather than the caregivers .
The performances prevent the film from becoming totally generic .
Kristen Stewart , fresh off the weird festival entry Clouds of Sils Maria with Juliette Binoche , is just as good here as ultimately the only unselfish member of this disappointing family . But come and stay for Moore , an actor for this and all ages .
70 percent portrait of a disease/30 percent family drama , recommended as preparation/demystification for Alzheimer 's - affected families , and for fans of both Moore and Stewart .
-LSB- Moore gives a -RSB- delicate performance here as a strong woman struggling not to be reduced to pity .
The syrupy score just adds to the cheesiness of what is a classy disease-of-the-week weepie .
The drama offers little new to the `` disease drama '' genre but the whole film is lifted thanks to Moore .
-LSB- Julianne Moore -RSB- delivers a brilliant performance that buoys Still Alice just when it seems too much to bear . Oscar is waiting in the wings .
While Still Alice occasionally overstates , relies on its melancholy soundtrack or those home movie-style flashbacks , it can also be delicate , even brilliant .
Despite Moore 's fine work , Still Alice comes across as one of those old made-for-TV , disease of the week movies .
Still Alice is not an easy film to watch , but it is a movie well worth seeing .
More sincere than convincing , Still Alice is the rare picture that earns plaudits for its star dimming , not glowing . In a real sense , Moore gradually disappears from her own movie .
It does have a predictable trajectory -- how could it not ? -- but it 's certainly not movie-of-the-week fare .
This is one of Moore 's defining performances , and it is a brave one .
The finely nuanced script takes a sensitive look at this disease and its effects , not only on the person afflicted , but also on family members who have to deal with it .
A very fine screenplay based on a novel written by a neuroscience researcher with a PhD from Harvard who obviously knew the territory , including the life-style of its mandarin lead character toppled by Alzheimers .
It 's the kind of performance that does n't just support a film , it gives the film its breath of life .
It 's a quietly harrowing portrait of a family losing the woman they know -- and a woman losing herself .
While the relationship between Moore and Stewart 's characters is interesting , most of the film follows well-traveled roads .
It uses enormous and expressive tricks for obvious but fairly effective external signs for subjectivity in the story . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Julianne Moore shows us that she is still in her prime , playing to every subtle nuance of the degenerative disease with precision and respect .
Julianne Moore 's terror at watching her own emotional and intellectual life slip away is palpable , and much scarier to me than any slasher movie .
Not only are there not enough good , smart roles for women , the movies that do contain those roles are too often one-dimensional .
Still Alice certainly has a superb lead performance in Julianne Moore , but directors Richard Glatzer and Wash Westmoreland focus more on the situation than the story .
The older you are , the more sensitive and receptive to the script 's somber material you will likely be .
-LSB- Moore 's -RSB- performance here as the deteriorating Alice is restrained and analytical in a way that allows us to see through her eyes .
The subject matter may be tough , and the end-point inevitable , but the message we take away is defiant and ultimately uplifting .
We 're all familiar with the Hollywood cliché that playing a character with a disease or disability is an attention-grabbing ploy for Oscar glory , but what is remarkable about Julianne Moore 's performance is just how subtle and un-showy it is .
Writer-directors Glatzer and Westmoreland have written a rich , multi-layered screenplay that works equally well as family melodrama and as a meditation on language , identity and mortality .
When it 's not fending off an attack of the glums , Still Alice comes down with a big case of the prims .
Never once veering into heavy-handed sentimentality , it 's a film to break your heart .
While Moore has deserved an Academy Award for years ... the surprise is Stewart , who has left the twilight zone and burst forth as a creature of brutal honesty on screen .
The material has n't been properly reimagined for cinema .
Co-directors Wash Westmoreland and Richard Glatzer keep the film simple and straightforward , cutting to the core of the matter without the need to tug at the heartstrings .
Moore plays the descent into dementia with notable subtlety . There 's no grandstanding .
The reality of Alzheimer 's may be even harsher than its presentation here but that would surely make a film that would only dismay its viewers .
Still Alice is unquestionably well researched and sincere in its intentions , but at times it feels a little schematic .
-LSB- Moore -RSB- almost carries the film beyond disease-of-the-week blandness , but both Sarah Polley 's Away from Her and Michael Haneke 's Amour mined deeper and more surprising material from the familial fallout .
Heartbreaking and convincingly told it may be , Still Alice only hints at the desperation the disease leads to , shying away from depicting the true horror of Alzheimer 's .
Moore 's own face starts to become as bare a cupboard as her mind . It 's more than the no-make-up look . First , lines of doubt and fear map her face . Then starts to come a blankness like infantilism .
Julianne Moore gives the performance of her career -LRB- no mean feat , given the strength of her previous work -RRB- in this heartbreaking yet life-affirming tale of a woman determined to hold onto her identity while under attack from a debilitating mental disease .
An absorbing portrait of one woman 's interior landscape .
This is an affecting and thoroughly worthwhile film on a very contemporary topic - with some Larkinian reflections on what will and wo n't survive of us .
... a performance beautifully coloured with varying shades of emotion that also makes clever use of -LSB- Moore 's -RSB- porcelain looks to evoke the vulnerability of the eponymous Alice .
Moore gives a controlled portrait of emotional implosion ...
Moore is the real reason Still Alice works . She 's so natural and free of vanity . She does n't telegraph the tragedy of her situation . It 's a quiet performance and the uncertainty of how present Alice is undercuts everything , even the joyful moments .
For my dad , who died of complications from Alzheimer 's . This is the movie that needed to be made .
Julianne Moore is wonderfully good as Alice and her performance will bring a tear to many eyes .
Julianne Moore 's stunning turn in the deeply emotional drama Still Alice is head and shoulders above anything else achieved this year .
`` Still Alice '' provides a valuable lesson in empathy and understanding , with a message for all of us in accepting what we 've lost , and celebrating what has n't yet gone .
`` Still Alice '' provides a valuable lesson in empathy and understanding , with a message for all of us in accepting what we 've lost , and celebrating what has n't yet gone .
The film is hobbled by a naff , TV-movie aesthetic and jarringly mawkish score . Yet Moore gives us raw heartache , running the gauntlet from fear to fury to powerless frustration , before she 's barely there at all .
At times -LRB- Moore 's -RRB- subtleties feel like a rebellion against the potentially cheesy directions taken by the screenplay .
Julianne Moore 's Oscar clip will likely be an instance of high drama . But she 's at her best during the still moments in between .
Julianne Moore delivered the best performance by an actress in a leading role throughout the duration of 2014 . Only Wild 's Reese Witherspoon and Two Days , One Night 's Marion Cotillard came close .
There 's a directness to the production that might feel blunt were it not elevated by Moore and Baldwin 's heartbreaking duet performance ... .
After showing the audience how much Alice has to lose , the film shows her losing it . Julianne Moore 's finely honed , affecting performance makes her an Oscar frontrunner .
Yes , Julianne Moore will win the Oscar . And yes , this in one depressing film .
Still Alice benefits from solid acting down the line -- Kristen Stewart is especially fine as Moore 's struggling actress daughter -- but it exists in a rarefied world of privilege unknown to most Alzheimer 's patients .
Julianne Moore is n't merely good in the lead role . She 's devastatingly , heartbreakingly good , and she 's a big reason why Still Alice is as moving as it is .
Jullianne Moore is devastating without italicizing anything
This thoughtful movie ... raises an issue any of us might face .
The focus on Alzheimer 's might be off-putting , but do n't let that stop you from seeing Julianne Moore in Still Alice .
When she wins the Academy Award , I 'm just going to pretend it was for Todd Haynes ' 1995 masterpiece , Safe , and leave it at that .
A horror movie for gentlefolk : Its methodical terrors -- memory loss , disorientation -- seem all too likely , especially for mature moviegoers less worried about things that go bump in the night than the fall of night itself , so to speak .
As films about people with devastating diseases go , Still Alice is understated , thought-provoking , and written and directed with a steady hand .
A mind is a terrible thing to watch waste away and rarely has the horror of losing one 's inner self to Alzheimer 's been conveyed as precisely and powerfully as it is here .
I 'm saying it could have been more worthwhile and aware than it is . As for the film , it has two strong performances and enough grace notes to make that a solid yes , you should see this .
Still still hums with humanity in the person of Moore , whose towering performance shows a staggering technical proficiency while never losing a whit of emotional resonance .
Moore 's performance is exquisitely nuanced - the only thing worth remembering about this otherwise tone-deaf weepie .
-LRB- Julianne -RRB- Moore ably displays the frustration and fear that most likely is a daily occurrence for most Alzheimer 's victims .
This is not an easy film to watch but it 's relevant , courageous and full of grace .
It 's well cast and generally much more sincere than sentimental .
Attempting to describe the level of tragedy contained in Moore 's performance in the film 's third act brings to mind the limits within Alice 's chosen field of study . Because no words do it justice .
While a fine showcase of a great screen actor 's talents , and an admirable depiction of an all-too-common disease , it is a grind , and one wonders if the filmmakers had an audience in mind .
Moore 's performance as an early onset Alzheimer 's patient is arguably her best . And , that takes into account four earlier Oscar nominations . She is due .
As lyrical as Angels in America may be , it hijacks the focus .
Julianne Moore deserves all the accolades but the movie wants tears and never quite earns them .
Still Alice will be remembered for Moore 's efforts , with her performance one that audiences wo n't forget .
It 's heart-breaking to watch , made all the more poignant by Julianne Moore 's largely subdued , deeply moving performance .
A decent film that 's emotionally raw , worth seeing if only to see how one of the masters of her craft single-handedly manages to rescue -LRB- along with the help of her castmates -RRB- a film from being a maudlin mess into a watchable , moving piece of cinema .
Without Moore 's uncompromising , brilliant work , this would be a mediocre film , so the way she elevates it into a work of art is nothing less than astonishing .
Moore is sensational -- all the reason anyone might need to see this film , which unfortunately offers little else to command our attention .
Sensitive , compassionate storytelling .
In Still Alice , Julianne Moore delivers a heartbreaking , emotionally astute portrayal of a woman disappearing in full view of her nearest and dearest .
While it 's no surprise that Moore is so good , `` Still Alice '' has an unexpected trick up its sleeve : the sweetly gentle performance of Kristen Stewart , as Alice 's actress daughter Lydia .
A modest drama , but Moore 's heart-wrenching and Oscar-nominated performance makes this a must-see .
The movie is harrowing , as any story about Alzheimer 's should be , but Moore gives it an extra layer of gravity and heartbreaking inevitability .
The kind of movie that exists solely to facilitate a great performance in the lead role , and Julianne Moore provides one .
It 's a heartbreaking performance by Moore , who never forgets she 's portraying a woman whose professional success has been built on intellectual rigour and self-discipline .
Moore 's performance , with all its subtleties and nuances , demands recognition , even if it 's the only thing about `` Alice '' worth remembering .
While -LSB- Still Alice -RSB- is bleak and incredibly serious , it mostly avoids cheap sentimentality , managing to educate without becoming an after-school special .
Still Alice is a searing portrait of one of the least understood , most frightening plagues of this century .
Sorrow-laden and moving , Still Alice is n't gratuitously grim nor is it easily sentimental . There 's humor here -- vaguely gallows-like , perhaps but also earned .
Movies about slowly dying characters almost never leave us feeling ennobled or uplifted - they make us feel like suckers .
Thanks to some intuitive direction from the filmmakers and a truly inspired performance from Julianne Moore , Still Alice articulates the very specific type of loss that Alzheimer 's and other cognitive disorders represent .
The great strength of the film is that it never resorts to cheap sentimentality . The facts themselves are hard enough , crushing enough .
Still Alice is accurate and compassionate , and anyone who has known someone with Alzheimer 's will appreciate the film 's sincere intentions .
Do n't be surprised to find yourself suddenly obsessed with forgotten names and misplaced keys .
It 's Moore who really brings the film home . It 's in her expression when the doctor gives his diagnosis and pessimistic prognosis . It 's in the way she looks at her family , knowing there will come a time when she wo n't recognize them .
`` Still Alice '' is much too clear-eyed to hold out false hope , but it 's a moving testimonial to going down with grace .
Paradoxically , even when pulling its emotional punches ` Still Alice ' ca n't entirely escape the limitations of the disease-of-the-week genre , but largely as a result of Moore 's extraordinary skill it largely transcends them .
If it did n't star Julianne Moore , it would be well worth skipping . But the exceptional way Moore plays Alice , a renowned Columbia University linguistics professor with early-onset Alzheimer 's , lifts the film above its morose potential .
Ultimately this is a movie built around Moore 's performance , and she does n't disappoint .
Thank god Julianne Moore got an Oscar nod for her new film Still Alice .
A beautiful movie at times , tapping into a pure experience that 's gracefully handled by the production , allowing the work to be educational , dramatically satisfying , and , of course , utterly heartbreaking .
There 's a difference between a great performance and a Great Performance . Julianne Moore 's turn as a professor afflicted with early onset Alzheimer 's easily qualifies as the latter .
It is impossible not to be affected by this devastatingly sad portrait of a woman , whose reliance on memory and its compilation to communicate in her role as professor of linguistics at Columbia University , accentuates the intensity of her loss
Still Alice is heartbreaking but it does n't earn its tears through easy emotional manipulation .
Inherently heartbreaking and miraculously pure , Glatzer and Westmoreland gift their leading lady with a blank canvas and she returns the favor by pouring her soul on to it .
Still Alice lives or dies on Moore 's performance , whose portrayal is nuanced yet never maudlin .
A performance as perfect as Moore 's deserves to be seen .
Julianne Moore , as Dr. Alice Howland , evokes the heartbreaking reality of this dreaded condition . Yet through it all , she is `` still '' Alice , and that 's why Moore is a lock for the Academy Award .
Glatzer has cited Ozu as an influence , and Still Alice honors the Japanese master 's serenity unto nothingness .
Julianne Moore is the main reason to see `` Still Alice . ''
A realistic , heartbreaking look at a savage disease so eloquently exhibited by Moore given the proper respect by its filmmakers .
`` Still Alice `` might sound maudlin , or more on the frequency of a made-for-TV movie than what it is . But this is not only sensitive material handled with tact , it 's also sensitive material bolstered and braced by Moore 's stunning performance .
Still Alice works and , at times , with assured , depressing clarity .
This middlebrow drama presents the heroine 's mental deterioration calmly and sensitively , though it feels pretty thin on the whole .
The movie 's most expressive element is Moore 's face , slowly moving from engagement , flecked with worry , to disconnection and blankness .
A film that benefits from Ms. Moore 's lovely performance , yet suffers from glib contrivance and predictable writing .
You bet your ass that Julianne Moore is overdue for Academy love . She 's supremely gifted , possessing the beauty of a true star and the intuitive technique of a true actress .
For all the movie 's honesty , the reality of Alzheimer 's disease is a lot worse than what you see in `` Still Alice . '' Perhaps directors Richard Glatzer and Wash Westmoreland made a calculation as to how much an audience can take . They were right .
For a film about early onset Alzheimer 's , this is a remarkably wry , honest and even hopeful drama , anchored by another staggeringly sensitive performance by Julianne Moore .
If only the movie deserved Moore 's precision work , and if only there were more to this character than the cheap irony of a language professor losing her words .
Not since Jeff Goldblum succumbed to a purely sci-fi disease in ` The Fly ' has watching a great actor gradually lose it being so gutting .
Simple and direct , rather than a discovery .
The combination of a brilliant lead performance and a respectably honest portrayal of Alzheimer 's make Still Alice affecting , even during the times when it feels as though it needs a little more plot .
Even though Glatzer and Westmoreland 's film occasionally flirts with three-hankie , disease-of-the-week Lifetime-network clichés , it mostly rises above them thanks to a pair of stunning performances . One that 's pretty much expected , the other less so .
The triumph of Still Alice is that it 's not about an illness ; it 's about a person .
But , sadly , it 's not a good movie .
In the absence of the anger and the wildness that are crouched and caged within this most terrible of themes , `` Still Alice '' is worth watching , for the sake of Julianne Moore .
In this adaptation of Lisa Genova 's novel , one is left wondering why anyone would want to be Alice to begin with .
Julianne Moore does all the heavy lifting in what otherwise feels like a TV movie .
Still Alice is as powerful as it is crushing . Ms. Moore delivers a performance that will endure .
Profoundly eloquent and empathetic , elevated by Julianne Moore 's restained , delicately nuanced performance .
A brilliant performance by Julianne Moore manages to overcome some melodramatic pitfalls .
Julianne Moore 's lead turn is towering and momentous , the work of an actor whose awe-inspiring natural talent knows no limits . Watching her in this role provides a thrill that not even some of the best action films could hope to attain .
A sympathetic look at mental decline in a middle aged woman .
Moore turns Alzheimer 's drama into acting master class .
Julianne Moore is devastatingly good , charting Alice 's decline with subtlety and grace . It 's just a slight disappointment that her Oscar-worthy performance is not just the crux of Still Alice , but also the film 's entirety .
If only the movie were as good as -LSB- Moore -RSB- and Stewart are .
The tearjerker of the year .
Simultaneously rawly realistic and airbrushed .
Moore handles the role beautifully , emphasizing Alice 's fastidiousness and dignity as they unravel against her will .
It 's a way better movie than it ought to be , but not good enough to escape its pulpy , mendacious roots .
Glatzer and Westmoreland do n't need to stack the emotional deck on Alice 's behalf ... They just leave the camera on Moore 's beautiful but increasingly faraway face , and our tears come on their own .
Moore 's performance is gutsy , subtle and Oscar worthy
Overall `` Still Alice '' feels rather incomplete , but the blemishes are overshadowed by some tender and potent moments , a lovely score by Ilan Eshkeri and Julianne Moore 's fantastic performance .
With a combination of power and grace , Julianne Moore elevates `` Still Alice '' above its made-for-cable-television trappings , and delivers one of the more memorable performances of her career .
Losing your mind is a terrible thing to watch , but the splendid acting in `` Still Alice '' makes it worth the pain .
Still Alice is a movie that addresses a nightmarish circumstance with calm , compassionate sensitivity .
All of the actors clearly know they are there to support Moore . This is Alice 's story and no one else 's .
this is an emotional struggle that ca n't have a completely clean resolution , and Still Alice does n't try to force one
Moore 's portrayal of 50-year-old Alice Howland , adapted from Lisa Genova 's 2007 novel , is one of the best of her career .
Moore has been a fine actress for a long time and `` Still Alice '' gives her a remarkable role , and the space to truly live it .
Still Alice is so busy being compassionate that it forgets to be anything else .
Still Alice is rarely anything short of compelling , in part because its sense of progression and scale offers such a distinctively unsentimental take on the terminal-countdown tearjerker .
Julianne Moore is extraordinary at revealing the gradual loss of memory and confidence , and at showing the hulk of physical persistence that remains after intellect and reference have gone .
Julianne Moore and Kristen Stewart 's artful consideration of familial friction acerbated by disease , and vice versa , nearly saves Still Alice from the banality of its Lifetime-movie execution .
`` Still Alice '' is hampered by both an unimaginative script and ordinary direction , but it 's a serious Oscar contender . Why ? Because Julianne Moore is in the lead .
The rare film possessed with the courage required to shine a light into that abyss knowing full well that down is the only way out .
Thanks to this brave and gutsy actress ' overwhelming candor and sincerity , you go away feeling educated , enlightened and more compassionate than you can possibly imagine .
The filmmakers and their lead actress never make a misstep ; their approach is both clinical and deeply intimate , and the emotional journey feels true and resonant .
A caring and compassionate portrait of a linguistics professor stricken with early onset Alzheimer 's . carried home into our hearts by Julianne Moore 's mesmerizing performance .
It 's one of those rare films that makes you think and gives you a debate to have with your loved ones . A deep , human movie that does n't shy away from baring its soul and the vast complexities that come with it .
Still Alice becomes more and more engrossing as it progresses ...
This is an effortlessly excellent film , about a horribly hard subject .
-LSB- This -RSB- film will mean a lot to a lot of people - not just anyone whose life Alzheimer 's has affected , but anyone whom it could affect , ever .
Competently directed , and delivered with the expected emotional beats , `` Still Alice '' achieves its modest goals , but one wishes it had a grander vision .
In the wrong hands , this is the stuff of disease-of-the-week sentimentality , but Still Alice stays away from that terrain by focusing less on the illness than on the emotional effects it has on all involved .
The toll the disease takes on the life of a brilliant linguistics professor is superbly detailed by Julianne Moore in a career-high performance , driving straight to the terror of the disease and its power to wipe out personal certainties and identity .
Julianne Moore guides us through the tragic arc of how it must feel to disappear before one 's own eyes , accomplishing one of her most powerful performances by underplaying the scenario ...

@highlight

Elevated by a gripping performance from Julianne Moore , Still Alice is a heartfelt drama that honors its delicate themes with bravery and sensitivity .