It 's clear almost immediately that Centurion 's biggest assets are its various performances and visceral , violent sensibilities ...
... an entertaining film , for adults who are not intimidated by rivers of blood . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Centruion is an exciting and intense action/adventure film with fantastic fight scenes and strong acting .
A darned entertaining outing from a director who knows action and does n't share Hollywood 's fear of period pieces that do n't involve Greek gods .
Michael Fassbender can carry a movie .
With a raucous , gruesome tone , this Roman-era British action movie takes us back in time in such a vivid way that we often feel a bit queasy while watching . If the story were stronger , we 'd be glued to the screen .
The sight of a technologically superior occupying force coming a cropper in hostile foreign territory inescapably brings modern Afghanistan to mind .
Auteur cinema of a very narrow stripe , this personalizes a familiar genre to advance a singularly pessimistic view of humanity .
Director Neil Marshall thrills yet again setting forth his own vision of the gladiator epic that pays tribute to the classic tropes of the sub-genre , but is concurrently a revenge film and journey in to darkness ...
Features a commitment to craft that helps overcome issues of storytelling by providing a visceral , violent experience designed to get you in your gut and bones more than in your heart or head .
It 's a cat and mouse game where we are stuck rooting for the cat even though it killed and raped thousands of mice .
If I believed in the concept of `` guilty pleasures , '' I 'd classify Centurion as one , but I think I maybe just kind of enjoyed it .
A pre-chainsaw extravaganza where the Romans talk like James Bond and the Picts have better military backgrounds than the American generals who invaded Afghanistan .
The real fate of the 9th Legion may never be known , but I 'm sure whatever happened to them was more interesting than this movie .
Marshall 's film has a good helping of subtle smarts , but he is more concerned through most of the running time with carnage and bloody thrills .
Centurion is like ` Gladiator ' directed by Freddy Krueger
Centurion wraps itself in talk of duty and honor , but really it 's just another cinematic death-trip .
Marshall is big on desaturated imagery , which imparts to the film 's copious amounts of hemoglobin the look of squid ink .
... fine for a midnight screening or a Saturday matinee -LRB- although it 's too violent for kids -RRB- but does n't hold up under close scrutiny .
The film has a resigned bitterness , hard to shake off , that feels right for the experience of tough guys , from whatever period of history , who find themselves at the tattered edge of what they take to be civilization .
Anachronistic dialogue , happenstance plot turns and characters so thinly conceived as to be interchangeable all but counteract cinematographer Sam McCurdy 's otherwise stalwart Cinemascope work .
Centurion treats arterial sprays like Sex and the City treats shoes .
Centurion is part heroic mission film , part curious wartime picaresque . It 's also a product of Marshall 's idiosyncratic idea of period fidelity .
A gritty , grueling , bloody adventure , with exciting action-set pieces and a dogged refusal to assign white and black hats .
Even for the seasoned gorehound , Marshall 's films hack off body parts you 've never seen hacked off before -- or ever thought you 'd want to .
Lean , riveting , and taking no prisoners .
Marshall shows off the breathtaking landscape , but with interiors , he populates the ale houses and encampments with cliches .
Bloody well done .
Rousing if slightly predictable .
Unpretentious swords-and-sandals film crafts a tight survival drama out of Roman Empire lore .
There are , by my count , six standard types of violence in film these days : Tarantino , comic book , Scorsese , martial arts , horror and stupid . That 's right : stupid . For an example , look no further than Centurion .
Not so much a story with heroes and villains but one more of survival against the most perilous of odds , this vibrant and alive action epic is a total kick in the pants that 's a heck of a lot more fun than it probably should be .
Beautifully shot by Sam McCurdy -LRB- `` The Descent , ' `` Doomsday '' -RRB- , `` Centurion '' is a throwback to the great Roman legionnaire and gladiator movies , but with prosthetics and `` 300 '' - style digital makeup effects .
For all its analogies to Afghanistan , Iraq , Vietnam , or wherever , the underlying thrust of Centurion is its celebration of bloodlust .
Far more entertaining , and infinitely less cumbersome , than its recent big-budget Hollywood counterparts .
Characters are not deep or unique , but the action is plentiful and quick-cut , realistic in overall combat chaos with individual hand-to-hand not lingered on .
Sack , pillage , repeat . Heads will roll . And bounce . And be stuck on pikes .
Centurion feels more like a video game than a movie . And it works fairly well on that sensory-overload level , except it 's a video game you ca n't play .
... a bloody , gritty , simple chase film that gives Michael Fassbender a lead role that could easily turn him into a viable action hero in big Hollywood films
mixes a thoroughly honorable high-mindedness with frequent and jarring examples of torture porn
-LSB- T -RSB- he only new thing Marshall brings to the Roman Empire subgenre is gross-out aesthetics .
My appreciation for Centurion is fairly simplistic ... and amounts to little more than its success as a bloodbath with an appropriately cynical outlook and a cornucopia of brutality displayed with skill .
Really little more than a boys ' adventure tale done in a style more gruesome than most ... too intense and nasty to be sheer dumb fun , and too silly and formulaic to be taken for a serious historical epic .
Occasionally Marshall provides a back story to fill out a role , but too often that 's how it comes off : as filler .
This is one exciting and efficient tale -- a hearty-ho of a guilty pleasure .
gory and loud
By turns heroic , fearsome , funny , fateful and , oh , so brutal , with swords hacking off heads at every turn .
It 's certainly not art , and it is not for the squeamish , but at least it does what it sets out to do .
Flaming arrows , spears , and knives have no problem finding their way to the back of a mouth . The profanity is delightful . And the general atmosphere is grim . The movie just is n't terribly inspired .
Over time , Marshall 's interest in period brutality becomes a grinding obsession .
It offers riveting storytelling , gorgeous cinematography and scenery , loads of gore , and a politically complicated history lesson .
The movie 's distinguishing feature is its grim fatalism , rare for a pure action movie .
There are beheadings , slit throats and eviscerations aplenty , but Marshall 's real distinction is in the way he crafts a brawny action film without losing his own head in the process .
Who to root for ? In the end , that ambivalence is part of the fun .
No one can claim the bloodshed was toned down in the quest for a PG-13 -- and I consider that to be a positive quality .
Most of the characters are so characterless that you ca n't tell who they are when they get impaled or beheaded , and you ca n't remember who they used to be after they 're dispatched . Not that it matters .
Questions arise . When exactly was eye makeup invented ? Why do screenwriters still , after Life of Brian , give Roman characters names like Virilus ?
If you 're in the mood for a guilt-free rush , this is just the thing : an all-out action film that wo n't leave the viewer feeling ill-used . Fans of Gonad Cinema , hark .
When it comes to crunchy impalings and messy arterial geysers , Marshall 's a maestro .
New rule : Only one decapitation per ancient action movie .
It 's prime B-movie material put through the Ridley Scott Cuisinart .
-LSB- A -RSB- highly enjoyable action-adventure .
Though there 's not a lot of night action , you 'd think the whole thing had been shot during an eclipse . Apparently the visual shorthand for 1st-millennium England is murkiness .
300 perpetuated the myth that the best way to survive life was to either shout at the top of your lungs or fight in slow motion . Centurion simplifies that formula by eliminating the shouting and just gives us the gory deaths , mostly at normal speed .
Though seemingly content to be a B-movie director , Neil Marshall heads further into C-list territory with Centurion
The director 's preference of gore over plot points kept me from ever being able to take it seriously
Neil Marshall reaffirms his status as a contemporary `` King of the B 's '' with another straight-up genre flick that 's low on budget but high on fun .
The violence is numbing , and the hand-to-hand combat of the final standoff is especially tedious , despite the camera 's best attempts to force some energy into the scene .
The filmmaker floods the film with blood and growls , creating a mighty clang of history and gore . It 's Herschell Gordon Lewis 's I , Claudius .
There 's a flat prettiness to the film , and -LSB- Marshall 's -RSB- attempt to explore group tensions comes asunder , despite the talents of Michael Fassbender and Domenic West , with some awfully clichéd dialogue .
After directing Dog Soldiers and The Descent , Marshall was hailed in some quarters as the wunderkind of British horror . Then he blotted his copybook with the futuristic thriller Doomsday . Centurion is another backward step .
A solid , no-frills-all-skills combat piece that does not outstay its welcome . Well worth a try , if only to push Clash of the Titans from recent memory .
Centurion is n't perfect but Marshall does bring a fresh spin to the sword-and-sandals genre giving it a modern sensibility ; from rapid-fire action sequences to no-nonsense parlance .
Bloody good R-Rated fun . A perfect film to kick back and watch with a couple of beers and buds !
full review at Movies for the Masses
The salty dialogue is modern in idiom , but not obtrusively so .
The film is better than some entries in the historical war genre . It 's clearly chasing some of the denarii that came to 300 , a much more ridiculous and violent film .
Marshall takes the ultra-violent and grim goings on with deadening seriousness , but the temptation to see it all as a rather bad joke is only emphasised by the anachronistic dialogue .
With Centurion , writer/director Neil Marshall channels Mel Gibson to create a suspenseful and blood soaked chase picture , while Michael Fassbender convincingly delivers on his promise of future greatness .
Centurion is n't an especially memorable film but it 's certainly a very enjoyable one .
Nasty scenes are set off by some breathtakingly beautiful scenes in the wintry Scottish mountains , and a few tender moments , very few
-LSB- Not a heavy-hitter drama -RSB- But the blood flows freely , the fireballs rage , and the slings and arrows are deadly accurate . What 's more , the ending rocks - best downbeat finale I 've seen in a long time .
The men get lost in the muddy palette of earth tones ... and the staccato strobe-vision of battle scenes that simply confuses the action , and the story along with it .
Gory , and tempered with just enough ancient political influence to give it substance , `` Centurion '' is a more gratifying experience than Ridley Scott 's recent Britain-based adventure `` Robin Hood . ''
Centurion makes a decently mounted action movie in which only the uniforms and weaponry differentiate it from Iraq or Afghanistan . Maybe that 's the point of it . But you still have to pen a script .
Marshall has cast a dream team of character actors and upcoming stars as supporting roles ; the cameraderie and banter between the men is realistic , funny and rude .
While some of the blood-spilling action scenes could have benefited from a little more dramatic shaping , it 's a mostly satisfying effort .
Centurion is certainly atmospheric but the brutality and beheadings make it disappointingly monotonous .
What have the Romans ever done for us ? Raped and pillaged mostly , according to a film that also appears to want us to root for them . Bizarre
This is exercise-bike cinema : energetic , relentless and tipping towards monotony .
Centurion is a curious mixture of Gladiator , Braveheart and Apocalypto , but not nearly as good as any of them .
While there 's a terrific battle near the start as the Romans are ambushed by the locals , the realisation soon dawns that this is a deeply average chase movie .
It may be cheese , but it 's of a fine vintage .
A gritty , brutal chase movie that 's more about swords -LRB- and spears , and axes -RRB- than sandals -- although it could have done with a lot more character-meat on those bones .
No amount of relentless forward momentum , head-smacking violence or CGI-enhanced blood-letting can disguise the anaemic characterisation and obvious contrivances .
This hideously violent , formula one chase movie lacks the novelty of Mel Gibson 's Apocalypto as well as its equally-deserved 18 certificate .
Soon , the action begins to feel monotonous and Marshall 's answer is to pick off more victims ...
There is an air of soap-on-location here , a sense that everyone has just trudged from a lunch of pasta bake and a quick scan of the tabloids . You know all the best lines were being had off camera .
It 's good to see Marshall taking on another genre , and he certainly does n't disgrace himself : Centurion could have a certain cult appeal , a bit like his apocalyptic oddity Doomsday .
With raw material this strong , it 's odd more of it did n't end up on screen .
Though it 's technically impressive and has an epic sweep , the lack of suspense and emotional involvement makes this little more than a chase movie in ancient garb .
Filmed in cold , steely greys and blues , it 's at its best during the numerous action setpieces , particularly close-quarter , hand-to-hand combat where the butchery of axes , knives and spears is shown in all its gory glory .
West 's macho swagger makes a neat complement to Fassbender 's steely resolve , while Kurylenko compensates for her lack of verbals with a feral ferocity only hinted at in Quantum Of Solace .
Enjoyably trashy swords-n-sandals action thriller , enlivened by strong performances from an excellent cast and a suitably gory approach to the fight scenes .
Without any real character development , by the time the closing credits draw in , you wo n't care less about any of the characters , which for a film with a plot so linear , is a fatal flaw .
A fast-paced and action-heavy period piece that focuses on what matters most in a Saturday afternoon matinee : the good stuff .

@highlight

It 's a bloody geyser of Neil Marshall 's typically stylish B-movie action , but Centurion is too focused on hacking and slashing to deliver original dialogue or interesting characters .