Thai twin-brother directors Oxide and Danny Pang did primo horror work on 2002 's Hong Kong cornea-transplant flick The Eye , but on their first American film their atmospheric efforts are usurped by a brain-dead script that seems written by a 12-year-old .
There are flashes of good imagery in The Messengers , but -LSB- they -RSB- work better in the trailer , unencumbered by the dreary plot .
Patchwork filmmaking designed by a corporate mentality devoted only to the defense of the lowest common denominator . The viewer is assumed to be stupid and easily duped .
The only message worth relaying about The Messengers is : Avoid .
Um filme falho -LRB- especialmente com relação ao seu roteiro -RRB- , mas que oferece belos exemplos do dom que os cineastas têm para criar planos e cenas perturbadores .
A film so filled with clichés of the genre and plot points so dumb that even a novice would end up laughing .
Una más de niños que ven fantasmas , totalmente insignificante y olvidable y plagada de lugares comunes que ya no asustan ni sorprenden a nadie .
The problem with The Messengers is that it simply does n't offer up much of anything new .
The scares have been booby-trapped brilliantly throughout it .
... irredeemably uneventful and - ultimately - hopelessly derivative ...
The MessengersI/i > is textbook , and the course it 's teaching is HSL : Horror as a Second Language .
Yet not even the Pang brothers ' sense of panache can redeem what is a lame script by Mark Wheaton .
It 's pretty ordinary genre stuff .
It 's like a movie premonition - you 've seen it all before .
Derivative but enjoyable horror flick with stylish direction , an intriguing mystery and strong performances from its cast .
Many of the images feel over-familiar , and the shocks a mite too forced .
Gaping plot holes , a tacked-on ending and a twist that belongs in a different movie .
Though The Messengers stands above its ilk , the filmmakers work with too limited a tone , and restrained a sense of exploration , to bring it to life .
Families who see this film should talk about the importance of trust between parents and children .
No one says , `` Gim me the bat , Wendy , '' or , `` Here 's Johnny ! '' But they come close .
Relies way too much on cheap , nerve-jangling sound effects and musical stings to juice up the film 's tepid , PG-13 proceedings .
the Pang brothers know how to set a mood and you can tell they can handle the camera from the way they set up the opening , so it 's too bad they had to work without a script
Feels like a movie you 've already seen before but do n't quite recall clearly . Given its pedigree -LRB- Sam Raimi and Rob Tapert are among the producers -RRB- an audience might hope for more .
Forgoes any more innovations , lazily borrowing from other people 's horror movies .
... this movie exists in a universe where movies like this do n't exist ...
While -LSB- the Pangs -RSB- display some of the visual style that has distinguished their Asian films , nothing could compensate for the derivative , ill-plotted script .
maybe there 's something positive about a horror film that does n't go for the jugular , one a younger kid could see with a parent or older sibling . If only it were n't this bad .
... just what is that Asian girl ghost doing in a Nebraska barn ?
Just another craptacular exercise in weak PG-13 horror involving resourceful-but-stupid teens , idiotic adults and ghostly apparitions with short pants , pale skin and stringy hair .
The well-amplified scares are so perfunctory as to be laughable . ` What 's up with the crows ? ' bitches Kristen Stewart , clearly not up on her Hitchcock or any Asian thriller of the past ten years .
The Asian-horror-movie moment feels long since passed , both here and abroad . Let our zombies walk or even sprint again ! Give our creepy kids back their pupils !
Sadly , the movie just does n't deliver chills .
There might be less extravagant means of communicating than throwing an entire banister at someone or unceremoniously dragging them by their feet into the cellar .
The worst part of this film is its advertising ; do n't let the studio 's lack of faith in their own ghost story ruin a clever little thriller for you .
The real message to be learned from The Messengers is that audiences need something new to scare them , not the same old ghosts .
-LSB- The film is -RSB- hampered by hauntingly lame performances by McDermott and Miller , who phone in their parts , and a screenplay that has the sophistication and complexity of a college dorm message board .
Nicely photographed but slow-moving , dull and utterly predictable .
Why do movies like this always have such unsatisfactory endings ? Who pays to watch this stuff , anyway ? You ? Hope not .
If the ghosts were magnets and the Solomons were paperclips , the two parties could n't be in a bigger rush to collide .
The plethora of horror movie cliches -- even those still residually effective -- weigh so heavily in The Messengers that whatever moments of terror that might have been had are left positively weightless .
Every movie has to have its own sense of logic , horror movies perhaps most of all , but as this story heads towards its climax it begins to contradict what it 's told us to believe all along .
It 's awards season , so we 'd like to nominate The Messengers for the yet-to-be-established Tippi Hedren Award for best use of malignant ravens in a motion picture .
With The Messengers , the Pang brothers devise scenes so scary that they stain the imagination and never scrub out .
The Messengers is n't a particularly frightening or gory horror movie , but directors Danny and Oxide Pang do have a special talent for torturing the reputations of their actors .
Even though The Messengers turns out to be deeply and irrevocably flawed , it 's still the best movie Ghost House has released to date
The film 's problems boil down to story . The Messengers has none , or nothing beyond the sketch of an idea : family with troubled past moves into spooky new home .
the running motif of crows run amok has too much of Hitchcock 's THE BIRDS about it to stand on its own , even in the Pang 's capable hands . Then again , any script that dared use that motif was setting itself up for a fall , and that 's exactly what it got
The Messengers falls flat with its tedious plot , clichéd storyline and unsurprising twist .
Scary awful . It 's a new genre I just made up .
And what crop is Dylan growing , you ask ? Sunflowers . Yes , sunflowers . Agriculture 's baby-step from farming dandelions . Why not just harvest weeds ?
The Pangs might know how to knee-jerk shock an audience ad nauseam , but the remainder of The Messengers suffers from shamelessly thudding banality .
However , in their -LRB- The Pangs -RRB- first serving of an American-made boofest served with all the fixings of a horror-induced bunt cake the taste still remains strikingly superficial
Viewers who prefer to see blood splattering and internal organs being sliced and diced will be disappointed .
Boo ? Bah .
The script is so tired and derivative that even though there are tiny scares here and there , it 's boring after a while .
The Pangs are technically proficient enough to deliver the requisite jolts , but déjà vu haunts the film as surely as its pasty-faced , hitch-stepped ghoulies , and it 's hard to shake the impression that we 've seen this movie before .
The scare tactics are tried and just as tired as they always are .
A stunningly inert , painfully derivative , shamelessly cheap and aggressively dull ghost story that delivers nothing you have n't seen before . About 43 times .
The Messengers is still worth seeing for the strength of its first half and for the consistently solid performances , but the sense of unrealized potential is tough to ignore .
There is n't much of a script to work with , and for the occasional pull-out-the-stops moment , it never really builds towards its finish .
The most frightening aspect of the film is that it will soon be haunting the bargain bins of shoddy video stores .
The objective view gives the audience too much room to unravel its schematic plot , which is far less inspired than its creepy visuals .
Oh boy -- a shocker set against the terrifying backdrop of North Dakota sunflower farming !
This first American horror effort by the Pang Bros. does n't deliver .
The message of this creepy-ghost thriller is that no matter how talented the Hong Kong filmmakers may be , they 'll invariably be forced to make their first American movie an unimpressive , generic creepy-ghost thriller .
It is n't until the end that things spin out of control . No one says ` Gim me the bat , Wendy ' or ` Here 's Johnny ! ' But they come close .
The Pangs painfully hew to a vision of an idealized Americana with the ` happy ending ' coming off as especially egregious .
The Pangs keep it moving and deliver the ` gotcha ! ' moments , but a steady diet of mechanical scares is thin stuff .
But only almost . For all their success behind the camera the Pangs , whether working from their own material or handling the scripts of others , appear drawn to great ideas devoid of substance .
If The Messengers means to say something about all this familial and social dysfunction , that point is lost among hackneyed , decidedly unscary gyrations .
As I left the theater after seeing The Messenger I overheard a guy asking his date : `` So , what was the message ? '' My thoughts exactly .
With a heaping helping of common sense , The Messengers could have been a very good movie .
The first half is very well done , making it one of the best haunted house movies since The Grudge .
For every one moment of genuinely built suspense , the Pang Brothers chase it with at least three follow-up scenes of either out-loud stupidity or baffling tedium .
The Messengers borrows so heavily from The Amityville Horror , The Birds , The Grudge , Poltergeist , and others that it has no room left for anything of its own .
Just dumb formula , and even the Pang brothers ' technique ca n't raise it above the humdrum .
The grown-ups fare worse : They speak ... very ... slowly ... as if to pad the running time out . This may in fact be the most ridiculous performance John Corbett has ever given .
The Pang Brothers ' sense of style often overcomes the lack of substance in this derivative scarefest .
May be worth watching simply for the sight of Dylan McDermott playing a downtrodden sunflower farmer who at one point -- so help me -- attempts to punch a crow in the face .
Apart from being completely derivative and lacking even one original idea , it 's not a bad movie . ` Unnecessary ' is more the word I would use .
The Messengers does deliver on jump scares , compelling characters , top-notch acting from the entire cast , nice atmosphere and excellent cinematography augmented by a lush color palette .
Yet another supernatural thriller about ghostly apparitions and corpsy children , The Messengers does n't deliver .



@highlight

The Messengers is an atmospheric but derivative rip-off of countless other horror movies .