It is baffling how bad The Darkness is .
The eventual transformation of The Darkness into a tedious genre exercise is particularly disappointing given its strong opening ...
-LSB- The Darkness -RSB- favours generic mumbo-jumbo about inter-dimensional demons .
We get Radha Mitchell , surrounded by Pottery Barn furnishings and moping , and Kevin Bacon conducting a valiant effort to keep himself from falling asleep .
We need , you Carol Anne . Stay away from the light , dear .
The Darkness does offer up several great moments visually that are pure nightmare fuel , but what follows truly lacks any sort of boundary-pushing that you 'd hope to see from the guy who introduced us to the murderous Mick Taylor in Wolf Creek .
Blumhouse Productions releases one of its most forgettable films with The Darkness , a poorly thought out , thoroughly unsurprising horror movie .
Oddly , this well-cast horror movie is more interesting for its family drama than for its scares . It might almost be worth seeing , if not for the nonsensical story , jump scares , and other lazy stuff .
Native American Poltergeist - I mean , The Darkness - is a bland blend of popular paranormal movies that never defines itself .
As a movie of any sort , it 's entirely self-serving and exists solely to cash in on audiences desperate for any sort of horror film fix .
As a movie of any sort , it 's entirely self-serving and exists solely to cash in on audiences desperate for any sort of horror film fix .
As bland as its uninspired title .
A film woefully lacking in true fright .
Almost painfully conventional , but the cast is solid and Act III delivers some decent chills .
McLean must have believed he was making John Cassavetes ' `` Poltergeist , '' but this odd fusion of psychodrama and supernatural hokum gets away from him .
The scariest things about this one are the previews to `` Do n't Breathe '' and `` Lights Out '' attached to it .
It is entirely about being vaguely creepy and so busy pushing its `` evil forces at work '' plot that it ca n't get bogged down in specifics or worry about pesky things like logic .
a tame and insultingly derivative version of POLTERGEIST .
This enterprise is so listless that one ca n't even work up a proper head of self-righteous steam over the spooky Native American clichés that drive the plot .
So remarkably bad by just about every metric by which it could be judged .
When you find yourself yearning for the thorough world-building of the Insidious franchise , you know you are in trouble .
Even at 92 minutes , this formulaic cast-off is mind-numbingly protracted , without a moment of originality -LRB- or scariness -RRB- .
I mean really , what could have convinced Bacon and Mitchell to sign up for this boring mess ? To quote Dana Carvey 's Church Lady , `` Could it be ... Satan ? '' -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
McLean orders up CGI phantoms and horrified looks , but little demands attention , going through the motions to keep up with the competition .
There are times when it feels as if the producers challenged themselves to see how little it needed and still meet the legal definition of a movie .
From the troubled child who communes with the beyond to the featureless suburban home that hosts malicious spirits , this movie ticks all the boxes for modern mainstream shockers .
Offers very few new scares , mainly because it 's so haunted by the ghosts of far better horror movies .
A stinker ... the sort of schlocky mess that gives horror movies a bad name .
`` The Darkness '' is a mostly lame , decidedly tame supernatural horror movie starring actors far better than the project at hand . And , who the f*ck is Jenny ?

@highlight

The Darkness clumsily relies on an assortment of genre tropes , leaving only the decidedly non-frightening ghost of superior horror films in its wake .