An exciting , fun , and hauntingly beautiful piece of fantasy filmmaking ...
The punchy , nonstop visual effects crowd out coherent storytelling .
A convoluted FX smear
Night Watch is a completely synthetic yet thoroughly original movie .
... better than most of our domestic product ...
... director Timur Bekmambetov makes excellent use of CGI to portray the paranormal events but avoids the silly martial arts extravagance of the UNDERWORLD movies .
If it all sounds silly , convoluted , and confusing , that 's because it is silly , convoluted , and confusing . It 's also a hell of a lot of fun .
This muddled mess about the forces of -LRB- what else ? -RRB- dark and light can barely hold itself together long enough to rip-off far better science fiction movies .
uses fantasy , horror and gobsmacking special effects to explore the greyer areas of contemporary life .
For a good hour and change , the film is a big toy box that teases you out of the Gloom .
I liked it , and if your tastes run as occasionally goofy as my own , you probably will too .
The entire production seems intent on creating a mood and trapping the audience in it until the very last frame is shown , and for a fantasy film , that 's how it should be done .
The film is fascinating - albeit sluggish - until the final reel . At that point , the vampire-hunter hero makes a crucial decision at odds with everything we know about his character .
Intriguing enough to build hope that the trilogy 's next two parts can make this a reverse Matrix saga : A series that becomes more clear and compelling as it goes forward .
The resulting concoction will likely baffle anyone who is n't already a fantasy/horror aficionado , but those viewers who enjoy one of these genres will get a kick out of the universe Bekmambetov has created here .
... does n't translate as much more than a formulaic , if promising , genre tale that 's often difficult to follow yet equally hard to dismiss .
A huge hit in Russia , this horror movie is a testament to how desperate for entertainment they must be over there .
Overly busy , very silly and , at times , kinda cool .
Pops with visual momentum -- so much that by the end it 's chaotic , and finally just insane .
For those of us who find Andrei Tarkovsky a little on the slow side , it 's nice to see that there 's life in Russian cinema after Eisenstein .
A highly promising curtain-raiser to an ambitious trilogy .
Twisted , mysterious , bold and compelling , this is a raging cyclone of a movie , sucking up elements from the likes of Blade and The Matrix and whirling them into something new .
We feel we 're watching an impressive feat accomplished under severe limitations , which is interesting , but maybe not quite impressive enough to eyes grown jaded from too much ... Hollywood product .
Audiences who are hungering for something different and who want to be scared and thrilled should put Night Watch high on their ` must see ' list .
-LSB- Bekmambetov has -RSB- thrown so many ingredients into his concoction that they battle one another for attention and lose all meaning ...
Its inconsistencies are puzzlingly obvious and they undermine much of the film 's illusion .
Crazy Russian vampire movies do n't come along every week , so when they do it behooves us to take advantage of them .
Working from Sergei Lukyanenko 's novel , director Timur Bekmambetov has piled visual inventiveness , thick atmospherics , dry wit and a lot of dark , splashy , grungy violence .
The Cold War re-imagined as an eternal balancing act between good and evil ...
Bekmambetov is a confident , original director , whose visions reveal him as someone to watch -- beyond the next two installments of this trilogy .
This movie certainly rivals anything the West can do visually , and contained so many neat , original touches it really made it a joy to watch .
Its spectacle alone is worthy of a look , and the surprisingly powerful third act bodes well for the franchise 's future .
If the presentation of a movie 's subtitles is its strongest asset , then we 're in trouble .
Quick , someone stuff this stiff in its crypt back in the -LRB- former -RRB- USSR .
Borrows its structure and characterization from The Matrix , its central conflict from both Underworld films , its fashion sense from Blade and its Euro-tech-metal soundtrack from the first XXX with Vin Diesel .
I 'd be lying if I pretended to understand what was going on half the time ... but the movie has a kind of rotgut , visionary grandeur .
Despite its epic framework , blaring rock music and record-breaking box office success in Russia , it 's just another pedestrian vampire film .
It has a refreshing Old World take on a never-ending fantasy war between vampires and the forces of ` light . '
What a rabid beast is Night Watch . What a pungent Russian fantasy-horror cheeseathon .
A cinematic concoction that almost defies description or genre classification .
This mostly incoherent , enormously eccentric helping of mayhem breaks into so many fragments that watching the movie can be a bit like trying to assemble the pieces from several jigsaw puzzles .
Night Watch was one of the most popular movies ever released in Russia . That just proves there 's no accounting for taste , in film or in human sacrifice .
It 's a must-see for anyone who 's willing to risk logic and accept a mundane conclusion to enjoy the fruit of a creative mind .
There is a lot of buildup throughout the entire piece that 's never released . The climax is almost laughable and when the credits finally role , you 'll no doubt find yourself yearning for more , which is both a good thing and a bad thing .
All that matters ... is the onslaught of hallucinogenic images , copious bloodshed and editing that would make a meth addict say , ` Dude , slow down . '
Gets uglier and messier as it sprints on , the incessant orgy of fighting , blood-letting and dankly flashy camerawork ... leading to a curious mixture of malaise and disgust .
A grim , humorless slog in which even the subtitles are flashy , irritating and completely meaningless .
Though too many headstones are left unturned -- the incorporation of ancient folklore into the grimy ghoul hunting balances the Matrix-esque choreography quite nicely .
The world 's most convoluted -LRB- and expensive -RRB- game of Calvin-ball .
The coolest part is those closing credits , in which the entire movie is recapped in three minutes . Somehow , those three minutes seem more compelling than the 110 that preceded them .
Goth thrill-junkies will probably get a giddy charge out of this overheated fantasy . The rest of us can have an equivalent experience by putting our brains in a blender and hitting puree .
Clarity may be lost , but rare is the movie that grabs viewers by their throats and never lets go . Bekmambetov 's Night Watch is one of the grabbers .
The faux mythology may be cheesy , the grandiose plot stretched thin and full of holes , but underneath the recycled story and style is a hint of something troubling and real .
Dare I even consider that perhaps this is all there is , and Bekmambetov does n't have a blueprint for his trilogy ? Night Watch certainly hints at this possibility .
The fast-paced film is a whole lot of Russian rushin . '
`` Night Watch '' is an entertaining fantasy film , one that benefits from its Russian perspective while still feeling familiar enough for most fans of the genre .
This is a very good supernatural horror show ,
Even though you could n't call it a great science fiction movie , on the level of Tarkovsky 's Solaris and Stalker it 's often a great , heart-pumping , blow-you - to-the walls movie experience .
While the movie 's inspirations might be glam-Hollywood action fantasies , Night Watch fairly wallows in damp , post-Soviet decay .
Though Night Watch is impressive at creating atmosphere , the movie is an impenetrable narrative tangle with plot strands running in every direction .
If -LSB- Director -RSB- Bekmambetov had any skill in actually telling a story , his kitchen-sink trilogy would be something to celebrate . It presently qualifies as a dubious achievement .
Although it does n't have Kate Beckinsale , her guns ablazin ' , vamped out in the latest vampire-slaying couture , Night Watch is vastly more fun than the similar-themed Underworld pics .
As the movie unspools , it becomes harder to dismiss Night Watch as a knockoff of somebody else 's movie . It has an offbeat personality all its own , and an appealing modesty .
Night Watch works better as a demo reel for the state of Russian effects work than as a first installment in an epic trilogy .
Night Watch is plenty atmospheric and pretty to look at , but it 's mostly a dopey vampire movie aimed at teens .
Unfortunately , by Hollywood standards , Night Watch is about three Wookies and two Neos short of convincing . All the gobbledygook is in place , but the special effects are minimal and somewhat frustrating .
The original plan was to remake Night Watch in English , and then thought was given to dubbing it . Thankfully both ideas were scuttled , as the film 's Russian-ness and its allusions to post-communist fears and frustrations add greatly to its appeal .
Night Watch is shabby chic , with hints of Russia 's great silent-cinema past .
... assaultive in the manner of the worst Hollywood action flicks ...
It 's frustrating , and clumsy , and to be honest pretty ugly . Yet there 's something to it .
An overhyped , underthought vortex of boredom that knocks the credibility of fantasy geekdom down another few dungeon levels .
... virtually every aspect of Night Watch feels artificial and nonsensical ...
The familiar ideas are refreshed by the intriguing shift in culture and setting and the characters sketched in shades of gray .
Ultimately , it 's a formulaic , predictable take on a Hollywood staple : the vampire horror film . That 's a pretty tired genre , no matter what language it 's told in .
As opposed to the dreary domestic dramas that are -LSB- Russian -RSB- cinema 's stock in trade , this one is a full-stops-out fantasia that is often disgustingly gloppy and looks as if it was birthed by the Wachowski brothers and Quentin Tarantino .
Taps into its own cultural wellspring of downright weirdness . I 'm not sure what the hell I saw , but I would n't mind watching more of it .
The film lives up to its hype with a style , swagger and substance that will appeal not just to the fanboys -LRB- and girls -RRB- but to their uninitiated friends as well .
An impossible-to-follow story crammed full of cursed women , wily bloodsuckers , Highlander-style warriors , vortexes of crows , incoherent fight scenes , and more music-video-inspired action than any one movie can comfortably contain .
The film has the twin virtues of being bold and dizzying , but it features a cramped and chaotic narrative that concludes with a climax that does n't justify the build-up .
I confess to a flagging interest in the struggle between the forces of Light and Darkness . It 's like Super Sunday in a sport I do not follow , like tetherball .
The battle between good and evil , in its messy desperation , feels not like a comic-strip confection , as in X-Men , but like the foul-tasting hangover of something true .
In the film 's most entertaining bit of sleight-of-hand , an errant screw travels from the hull of a flying airplane into the coffee cup of a woman down on the ground .
If Night Watch is energetic , it is also frenetic ; if neatly plotted , it is also too open-ended , a set-up for the remaining two installments of a trilogy .
While it echoes a host of CGI-heavy , action-oriented supernatural thrillers , it manages to retain its own distinct identity . Although this first chapter in a three-part tale is inevitably overburdened with back story , it ends on one hell of a cliff-hanger
A wildly entertaining fantasy thriller that propels Russian cinema into the 21st century .
Night Watch is narratively confused if visually robust . The picture does n't work as a standalone story but it sets the stage for a potentially interesting second chapter .
Entire horror flicks could be built around the ideas Night Watch throws away : monsters who are visible only in mirrors , evil toys sprouting spider legs . May the two planned sequels be equally cool .
To learn the actual outcome of the epic battle , we 'll have to wait for Leg 2 , Day Watch , which has already been shot , and Leg 3 , Dusk Watch , which will be produced in English by Fox . Wake me when they 're here .
All kinds of shape-shifters and vengeful-lover ghouls are on the loose . Add that to typically chaotic Moscow traffic , and you 've got a nonstop fright fest .
I do n't remember an iota of the plot , a memorable performance or anything emotional or thematic , but I 'm not surprised that every studio wants a piece of Bekmambetov .
The slick , colorful , nicely acted Night Watch is all I ask and never get from Hollywood 's monochromatic , humorless vampire pictures .
There are more supernatural abilities on display here than in your average X-Men comic , and there always seems to be a convenient power on hand to save the day .
There 's an interesting , if derivative -LRB- unless they never had The Matrix and Blade in Russia -RRB- , imagination at work here .
Underneath all the sound and fury , there 's very little to care about .
The filmmakers do n't seem to realize that if a movie with a mythology this groan-inducingly convoluted does n't have a sense of humor about itself , the laughs are going to come anyway . They just wo n't be of the intentional variety .
To appreciate Night Watch , you have to accept it as one of those chaotic cartoon movies that refuse to completely add up .
... a grungy , flashy looking film that should please genre fans , but on the whole it 's all rather predictable . The truest test - whether it inspires a desire for its sequels - only attains a half-hearted passing grade .
A box-office phenomenon in Russia , the convoluted horror fantasy Night Watch might be described as Star Wars Meets the Vampires in Moscow .
In the final act , the movie dons a more human face and commits to an absorbing tale of crime and punishment .
there is something dynamic in the cool , stylized visuals and the world-weary zeitgeist punctuated with fanciful almost heretical whimsy .
A fractious fiasco : whiplash camera movement set to raging blasts of death metal , a story so incoherent it made me wish I was watching , instead , the collected outtakes from Van Helsing .
Mélange intrigant de science-fiction , d'horreur , de fantastique et premier épisode d'une saga grandiose .
No hyper-designed ersatz futurism for Bekmambetov . Night Watch is knowingly frugal and proudly cruddy .
A lot of cool ideas and visuals ... but good luck trying to figure out what 's going on .
The events in Night Watch carry greater weight because they have a natural , historical progression to them .
Night Watch is quite possibly the coolest vampire movie of the decade .
Consistently unique and inventive stuff - a far cry from the clichéd monsterfests that have plagued us for the past few years -LRB- yes , Van Helsing , I 'm talking to you -RRB- .
An ambitious , flawed and ultimately frustrating fantasy/horror movie from Russia .
Easily recommended Russian fantasy/horror ...
The film 's pace is hectic , but varied .
Stylistic visuals , kinetic editing and a subterranean sound mix combine to create a caffeinated yet claustrophobic mood .
Incredibly , the movie was made for just 2m but , thanks to the brilliant special effects , manages to be visually dazzling and totally gripping .
Ambitious Russian epic , with terrific special effects and cool characters , even if the plot gets a little confusing at times .
The filmmaking is highly seductive , from the stylish visual flourishes right down to the creative graphic treatment of the subtitles .
As a film on itself Nochnoy dozor is all set-up and no pay-off , but as the first instalment in a trilogy it shows enough promise to make us want to see part two .
one of the worst movies i have seen in a long time
Bekmambetov needs to stop trying to copycat Hollywood with his action sequences and tighten up his storytelling .
The Russians are coming -- hungry for blood !
A bracingly vivid sense of style and character ... bewildering , abrasive , jarring and surprisingly emotional .
Embora visualmente interessante , o filme se torna ocasionalmente confuso , como se parte importante das informações existentes no livro não houvesse sido levada para a tela .
There 's nothing new thematically with Night Watch . However , Bekmambetov puts enough of a fingerprint on the project to make it all seem fresh again .
As slick as any mega-budget American movie ... but it 's also as cliché and soulless , and a lot more convoluted .
Simultaneously professional and yet unique-feeling
It 's like Harry Potter with a Matrix sense of style , only for adults .
The preponderance of elaborate mumbo jumbo becomes an unbearable drag .



@highlight

This Russian horror/fantasy film pits darkness and light against each other using snazzy CGI visuals to create an extraordinary atmosphere of a dank , gloomy city wrestling with dread .