Hilariously odd and prodigiously inventive , it springs from the eccentric mind of Guy Maddin , whose delirious visions have earned this singular Canadian filmmaker an international cult following .
The film 's expressionist style and lighting design provide it with an immaculate richness of visual textures .
Here is magic-realism filtered through an oddball sensibility , chilled in the snowdrifts of Winnipeg and bottled in amber-hued frames of celluloid .
Crammed with cinephilic allusion and rendered in an obsessive `` authentic '' period style ...
The finest portrayal of a double-amputee beer baroness outfitted with glass-encased , beer-filled legs that I could imagine .
One of those metaphoric weird-out flicks that takes mors pride in shocking than telling an interesting tale .
When a director 's `` primitive '' style is as developed as Maddin 's , your aesthetic response can seem like all the emotion you need , his thrill your thrill .
Requires an acquired taste for such inspired but unwieldy madness .
A Guy Maddin film is so visually inventive , so full of rich detail , and so prismatic in appearance that attempting to describe it is like trying to explain the color blue .
Guy Maddin 's snow globe cinema , hermetically sealed in ghostly adoration of silent cinema , is well matched to this darkly comic fable .
Vital and delirious , The Saddest Music in the World hurtles along on twin tracks of vaudevillian humor and gleeful bad taste .
... a little bit like what Matthew Barney 's Cremaster Cycle might have been without the illusions of grandeur or pretentious aftertaste .
More than a modern copy of early cinema style , Saddest Music revitalizes melodrama as a mode of contemporary storytelling .
Chances are that those who have n't bolted for the door after the first 15 minutes will love it ; others could be driven to drink .
Offers idiosyncrasy in spades .
Greil Marcus has described the folk and `` race '' records of the 1920s and 30s as expressions of `` the old , weird America . '' Guy Maddin seems obsessed with `` the old , weird cinema . ''
The effect is so distancing that all but the most adventurous filmgoer will have trouble sitting through all 100 minutes of it .
Maddin seems to have picked up a loose string from somewhere in cinematic history and started knitting a tapestry of an entirely original design .
Shake this snow globe , and after the swirling stops , there 's nothing to see .
Maddin 's novel filmic imagination is exceeded only by his sense of superiority to his source material .
Watch this movie for its imagination , not its logic .
Silly , sick and surreal , it 's a triumph of style over message or entertainment value .
The weirdest movie of the summer . OK , the year .
... so stuffed with Maddin-ess that it never manages to get past the glorious surfaces .
Everyone overacts to beat the band , in time to Maddin 's madcap and totally original beat .
Some of the funniest surreal moments on film since Being John Malkovich
From time to time during the 99-minute running time , I kept thinking of those old Off Off Broadway impositions on wriggly audiences -- or was it just me who was the transplanted Village square trapped among all the hipsters ?
Beckons with a seductive and unforgettable melody .
I got a strong sense of Guy Maddin 's sense of his own talent , but I 'm not as convinced as he is .
At moments the taste is flat , but this brew has a head on it . It 's the strangest Canadian export since Glenn Gould .
Infuriatingly obscure ... a bit of rarefied madness that proves that Maddin 's films are an acquired taste most of us are unlikely ever to acquire .
If the intention is to transport the audience to a world we 've never seen , mission accomplished . You 'll either find it extremely creative or an insufferable bore .
Provocative title , provocative premise , provocative direction , routine movie .
To fully appreciate the lunatic possibilities of the film medium , consider the spectacle of Isabella Rossellini frisking around on hollow glass legs filled with sparkling beer .
The amber-refracted comedy can serve as an introduction to the work of Canada 's most original filmmaker or as a culmination of everything he 's done before
Guy Maddin 's concocted a film that looks like it 's been exhumed from a long-abandoned dusty archive , and that follows the logic only of its own internal interconnections .
The Saddest Music in the World is a hard little movie . Which does n't mean that it 's hard to watch , just that it 's hard to describe and classify -- and harder still to critically analyze .
Hang with it and you will be handsomely rewarded , not only for its absurdist humor but for the way Maddin creates a cinematic world where such sublime lunacy is ... logical .
Little more than an elaborate stunt , created almost exclusively in post-production .
Narratively and spiritually , the movie is bankrupt , even though it 's so packed with stuff ... that you can hardly bring yourself to believe that it all adds up to nothing .
It 's a rare film today that does n't assume audiences are stupid . Weird as they might be , Maddin gives us credit for being in on his esoteric jokes .
The concept is high , the humor lowbrow and the joy of experimentation evident in every frame of this wonderful picture .
It 's a work of art -- crazy , touching and utterly unique .
Bizarre , baroque mix of soap opera , song-craft , sorrow and substance abuse is an unpredictable knockout .
Maddin frustrated and self-immolating , forced to toil in a medium he sees only the death of and for an audience he disdains .
The best movie you 'll see this month and a contender , with the possible exception of Eternal Sunshine and Kill Bill Vol . 2 , for the best film of the year .
The costumes , the sets , the music , the choreography , the dialogue - all are beautiful and from the eye of a genuine vision .
an insanely audacious satire
If I were to recommend one work to someone who had never seen a Maddin movie it would be Saddest Music .
A perfect entry point for viewers looking to explore the weird world of Maddin , who should be anointed the cinematic poet laureate of Winnipeg , if he has n't been already .
Maddin has reached a new expressive plateau .
To see this film , to enter the world of Guy Maddin , is to understand how a film can be created entirely by its style , and how its style can create a world that never existed before , and lure us , at first bemused and then astonished , into it .
You 're left , as with certain vivid dreams , filled with memorable images but not completely able to account for what you just experienced .
Any film where a beer baroness 's glass leg -LRB- filled with beer -RRB- shatters when a high note is struck is okay by me .
There 's atmosphere and absurd wit , but the surreal style creates a distance from the characters that 's only likely to be appreciated by fans of Maddin 's self-conscious artistry .
Chester 's productions -- `` Abolition Blues , '' `` San Francisco Quake of ' 06 '' -- rearrange history as lurid , self-promotional displays , huge and irrelevant .
To say that The Saddest Music in the World is not for everyone is to state the obvious . But who 's to say whom it is not for ? Not me .
A strange , finely-wrought movie out about the perversity of art , the hell of families and the chains of commerce , coming from a director who wallows in the former two and ignores the last . It slayed me .
... shrill and annoying ...
This is arguably Maddin 's finest work to date - as funny , twisted and visually astonishing as anything he has done before .
Deliriously eccentric .
Virtually gushes with an overflow of ideas and images and razzle-dazzle
Maddin 's nostalgic whimsy wears out its welcome well before he wraps
Enough leaden whimsy to resink the Lusitania .
Maddin , like beer , is something of an acquired taste , best appreciated by those with an affinity to mainstream cinema 's silent past and independent cinema 's occasionally absurdist present .
It 's a great work of absurdism , cynicism , and terrific madness .
The Saddest Music in the World does n't just re-create 1933 through costumes ; it actually looks like a 1933 picture .
Surely the oddest 1930s musical ever made , in or out of the 1930s .
The grainy black-and-white cinematography gives the film an otherworldly feeling .
Saddest Music is like a Saturday Night Live spoof that has a promising beginning , but does n't know how to end .
Another slice of bizarre , movie-mad brilliance from Winnipeg 's Guy Maddin .
-LSB- Maddin 's -RSB- best and most imaginative picture to date .
The style is so overdone it 's nearly suffocating .
There 's no mistaking Saddest for anything but a Maddin production . An exceptional one , at that .
The script is hilarious and the cast , particularly McKinney and Fox , are superb .
A giddy celebration of despair in all its wretched glory .
Maddin speaks in an almost lost , elusive and poetic language of filmmaking .
Discerning filmgoers searching for a truly original voice , need look no farther .
What 's really riveting is how effectively Maddin creates a singular , cinematic world .
This feature from the antiquarian avant-gardist Guy Maddin is a sublime , hallucinatory musical , full of surprising humor and genuine sorrow .
A deliciously weirded-out picture by Guy Maddin , a deliciously weirded-out Canadian filmmaker .
Each frame of Maddin 's saga will have yielded a memory of cinemania past , even for those with no clear memory of the old movies that echo in this alluring new one .
McKinney 's cheerfully cynical zealousness and de Medeiros ' waiflike quality provide some pleasures , but the film 's chief glory is Rossellini 's inspired , imperiously vampy turn .
Like everything in Maddin 's oeuvre , The Saddest Music in the World is a contribution to the imaginary history of our times .
Proudly outside the mainstream , but adventurous audiences looking for a uniquely diverting time will be glad Guy Maddin is staying the course .
It shows the positive side of cinematic weirdness . It 's weird in an accessible , amusing way . It 's bizarre filmmaking that regular people can enjoy , too .
A viewer takes in this circus of bizarre characters and absurdist images ... with an appreciation for the inventiveness , but a wish that one might be more involved or at least entertained by the stylistic workout .
-LSB- Maddin 's -RSB- campy style of writing ends up at odds with the emotional power of the images .
That the actors manage to find resonance amid this romantic-musical-comedy chaos is a minor miracle , but their complex interrelationships actually mean something .
... obtuse and impossible to penetrate ...
As delirious and idiosyncratic as Maddin 's past works , The Saddest Music in the World benefits from more robust pacing , greater narrative coherence and less preciousness overall .













@highlight

Guy Maddin perfectly recreates the look and feel of a 1930s in this bizarre picture .