APOLLO 13 is...A-OK . In an era when cinematic heroics seem to be defined by bullets and brawn , it is a pleasure to see a movie in which the good guys triumph by using their brains !!!
Tom Hanks is on his way to becoming the American Everyman , an exemplar of boyish goodwill and quiet moral force .
Ron Howard 's pop-entertainment you-are-there space thriller is easily the most rousing film of the year . And it might make real spaceflight just as nifty as Star Wars for youngsters .
The special effects are as spectacular as anything in Star Trek , but Howard shows wise restraint in not inflating the drama and tension inherent in the true story .
Even if you know how it all turned out -LRB- and you should -RRB- , this amazing journey is harrowing and exhilarating .
The film succeeds brilliantly at organizing great gobs of information into powerful drama .
Partially filmed in genuine weightless conditions , Ron Howard 's movie is a technical tour de force .
Hanks is a terrific choice for the lead because he can appear strong and military without slipping over into Sgt. Rock corniness .
Apollo 13 , one of the most exciting adventure movies of the year , proves that science history can be just as thrilling as science fiction .
This stuff works so well because the production is so convincing .
The genius of Apollo 13 lies in its universal appeal -- everybody loves a story about a lousy flight .
Howard is not above pushing buttons of his own and milking the big moments . But they are indeed big moments , and the manipulation is not intrusive . He has made a can-do movie for our ca n't - do age .
Tom Hanks perfectly embodies white bread goodness as mission leader Jim Lovell and , while we may all know the ending , it 's a tribute to Howard 's no-frills , focused direction that the story remains undeniably gripping .
Tense as the best murder mysteries and as kinetic as the most exciting action films , this space adventure is as thrilling as movies get .
What compensates for this predictable plot is the professionalism with which it 's told , turning a minor piece of 1970s history into an engaging yarn with equal quantities of special-effects wizardry and human feeling .
The film , despite its raggedness , is stirring . In the end , this failed mission seems like the most impressive achievement of the entire space program : a triumph not of planning but of inspired improvisation .
If there is one subject that makes it okay to feel old-fashioned patriotism and pride in humanity ... it is surely the US space program .
This meticulous but ultimately rather pedestrian drama gradually won me over as a minor if watchable example of the `` victory through defeat '' brand of military heroism that John Ford specialized in .
Thrilling , heartwarming , scary , and superb .
Self-conscious about its heroism with portrayals that lean toward the glib and the professionally uplifting , the film milks our sympathies too readily to be emotionally convincing .
This engrossing account of the nation 's most perilous moon shot embodies what many people consider to be old-fashioned American virtues in a virtually pristine state .
Apollo 13 , Ron Howard 's soaring salute to space exploration , lifts off with a payload of the right stuff-courage , can-do , grace under pressure and other qualities derided as machismo by some and applauded as old-fashioned values by others .
Truly a director for the '90s , Ron Howard has mastered the art of spinning big , old-fashioned yarns without any discernible point of view , and his movie is curiously empty and instantly forgettable .
This is not about the incalculable emptiness of the void . Space here is nothing more than an extension of the western frontier and manifest destiny , a place where men can be brave and women admiring .
Apollo 13 remains Howard 's masterpiece ... It is , quite simply , one of the finest movies ever produced .
Major , rousing , thoroughly professional Hollywood entertainment that will dazzle you with its re-creations of historical events , take you inside the space capsule and the Houston command center , and leave you wondering where our heroes -LSB- have gone -RSB- .
The movie is terrific on nuts-and-bolts stuff , but nuts and bolts are n't the same as drama .
Overnight , Howard seems to have turned into a combination of the best aspects of Oliver Stone and Robert Altman .
In an age when we rely on computerized directions and GPS devices to drive to the next town , it seems an almost mythic scenario .
For a ` space movie ' , both the special effects and photography are surprisingly pedestrian . Where it scores is in subtly restating traditional notions of male heroism .
A movie for the ages .
It may not be the best film of the year , but it 's certainly made of the right stuff .
... both fair history and a edge-of-your-seat popcorn thriller , a good example of the best work of which Hollywood is capable .
If you do n't remember the gripping events of April 1970 before seeing this film , you likely will remember them for a long time afterward .
... tells a gripping true story efficiently . ... And yet , it still feels too packaged , too neat , too clean .
Overrated yet nonetheless well done .
Whether recounting the heartwarming personal stories of the astronauts and their families or documenting the dilemma in heart-stopping detail , Apollo 13 has the right stuff .
Playing the tough , commanding Jim Lovell is a substantial stretch for Mr. Hanks , but as usual his seeming ingenuousness overshadows all else about the role . There 's not a false move to anything he does on screen .
It seems strange now , a quarter of a century later , than mankind , with vastly superior technology , lacks the will to venture to the other planets or even to go back to the moon . What a world of wimps we have become !
Just like the mission itself , APOLLO 13 leaves the impression of being both a success and a failure .
Howard does a marvelous job of making the cerebral exploits of these pencil-chewing , chain-smoking guys the stuff of real adventure .
But the visual impact here should pique the interest of plenty of other Hollywood filmmakers looking for a second life for their productions .
An irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .
If you thought Tom Hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you 've seen him eight stories tall .
Spectacular .
The transfer to the IMAX screen diminishes none of the film 's drama , which was always much more about human emotions than technology .
The kind of history lesson that you would n't mind seeing again and again , no matter the format .
Suffice to say that after seeing this movie in IMAX form , you 'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is .
The special effects and many scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than in the original , while the Oscar-winning sound and James Horner 's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system .
The re-release of Ron Howard 's Apollo 13 in the IMAX format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .
This story is larger-than-life to begin with , so it is enhanced by the new super-size format . The movie grabs you and does n't let go for nearly two hours .
The sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
On a purely pictorial level , this is one of the best-looking IMAX movies ever .
Blowing up some 35 mm films to an image 10 times larger could magnify their plot faults and performance shortcomings . But Apollo 13 , with its taut cast , script and direction , profits from the process .
New technology was used for the space program and , appropriately enough , new IMAX technology enlarges the experience .
It 's a great American adventure and a wonderful film to bring to IMAX .
Vividly chronicles the most dramatic space flight in history .
A brilliant balance between true-life accuracy and movie-time excitement .
It 's easily Howard 's best film .
A definite feel-good movie .
There is no denying that on many levels it is an extremely taut piece of filmmaking , but frequently it is too much about a situation and too little about the people in the situation .
While the events of this motion picture may depict NASA 's finest hour , the release of Apollo 13 represents Ron Howard 's .
A powerful story , one of the year 's best films , told with great clarity and remarkable technical detail , and acted without pumped-up histrionics .
Apollo 13 avoids becoming propaganda , or a masturbatory industrial film for NASA , by focusing on the story 's human element .
Maintains its suspense even though the conclusion is well known .
Toward the end ... the pace picks up considerably at this point , and the film becomes the heroic adventure that was intended .
Surprisingly gripping and supremely entertaining .
Apollo 13 is a blast for thrill-seekers and a joy for humanists who seek emotional truths in films .
The best thing about Apollo 13 is how moving it is during its most quiet moments .
Ron Howard 's direction provides excitement and suspense , even if you already know the outcome .
The depiction of the rocket launch remains one of the most exhilarating sequences ever captured on film ; so realistic that NASA wondered where the filmmakers got the footage .
For reliving this long forgotten go-and-get-it gung-ho mentality and excellent reconstruction of the sense of wonder that surrounded those early space missions Apollo 13 is worth seeing .
Apollo 13 succeeds on its own merits and may be the only summer adventure blockbuster without bullets or warheads .
The story is incredible .
A true story filled with suspense and human drama .
The movie will happily repay multiple viewings .
Apollo 13 gets my blanket recommendation .
Apollo 13 is a terribly exciting experience , but it could have been a terribly moving one as well .
I just wish that Apollo 13 worked better as a movie , and that Howard 's threshold for corn , mush and twinkly sentiment were n't so darn wide .
A gripping movie about a time when America still worked .
From lift-off to splashdown , Apollo 13 gives one hell of a ride .
This film is a paean to the power of perseverance to solve even the most impossible problems . This one is well worth braving the crowds to see .
It chronicles one of the most dramatic of all spaceflights , an American catastrophe that became an American victory , and it does this in a way that 's so authentic , so brilliant in its technical details , that it succeeds in putting us on that ship .
A solid , if somewhat heavy-handed , account of the near-disaster that befell NASA 's 1970 mission to the moon , done up by Howard with a steady , if not very imaginative , hand .



@highlight

In recreating the troubled space mission , Apollo 13 pulls no punches : it 's a masterfully told drama from director Ron Howard , bolstered by an ensemble of solid performances .