American Teen succeeds in being exactly as crisp , entertaining , and useless as a romantic comedy .
This is not compelling film making ; it just makes you hope that these kids will lighten up and learn to enjoy life .
The presence of a film crew may have encouraged drama .
It keeps assuring us that all is basically well .
It pains me to say it , but as far as I can see it 's an extended and slightly better crafted example of those fake ` reality TV ' shows .
American Teen follows the zeitgeist of documentary filmmaking , where truth is manipulated in order to create an entertaining film , which it no doubt is . Yet the question of its authenticity will linger in the minds of some viewers .
An intriguing look -- alternately funny and heartbreaking -- inside the heads of today 's teens .
In contrast to other recent documentaries about coming of age in America , American Teen seems somewhat simplistic , perhaps naive .
An addictive documentary that 'll have you cheering and crying , then waiting for the director to jump out from behind your sofa and say it was all a big joke .
Funny and fresh , it wo n't break boundaries but it will make anyone thankful for growing up .
Anyone who does n't like it can stay behind after class .
The tears and laughter are genuine enough , but Berstein 's orchestrations make her less of a fly on the wall than a fly in the ointment .
Although elements of the movie appear stage managed it is still a very watchable document of everyday lives .
This absorbing doc is a funny , heartbreaking reminder that we 're all wounded survivors of the original war zone .
Compelling but not especially insightful , this is like watching nine months worth of reality TV in an hour and a half . Parental discretion is advised : if you have teens , this wo n't cheer you up .
Despite its flashy approach , American Teen remains emotionally involving because of the lives on show . You will care about these people , even if you suspect the director does n't .
It 's a lightly amusing film but it 's also an unchallenging one which reinforces presumptions about kids rather than surprising with new insights . It floats in the shallow end of filmmaking .
The documentary curriculum is sex , gossip and self-pity . Not exactly original , but disturbingly true .
This film was for me marred by the persistent suspicion that the director was n't being entirely straight with us .
What makes American Teen so compelling is the way the four are presented . At first they seem like stock stereotypes , but over the course of the movie , we gain a powerful insight into what makes them tick .
Imagine High School Musical 3 without the singing , dancing or perfect teeth .
It is medium-mesmerising , even if we are gnawed by secret shame at watching a glorified reality TV show .
At times it looks rather staged for camera , in the manner of reality television , but there 's a lot more to like and enjoy here than you might suppose .
Burstein 's aim , presumably , was to explore the real people beyond the high-school musical stereotypes - ironically , she ends up confirming them .
Burstein orchestrates their passage through school with some sympathy and no real revelations - except for the fact that she guesses , probably correctly , that most teenagers are nothing like as dangerous and bolshie as a lot of adults believe .
A hugely enjoyable documentary with likeable characters and familiar , but no less compelling storylines , though you do wonder just how much of it was staged for the cameras .
What it might lack in plausibility , it makes up for with charm , laughs and an optimistic ending .
She shoehorns their personal details into predictable teen movie narrative arcs , draining any life out of them in the process and turning them into annoying caricatures . narrative arcs , draining any life out of them in the process and turni
While compelling and nostalgic , American Teen is also like high school because it 's hard to sort out the pure motives of the film
dieisdytikotero ap ' o , ti tha perimenes na prokypsei apo ena systima parakoloythisis mias pragmatikotitas poy tha perimenes na min tis aresei idiaitera na ektithetai se tetoio bathmo
American Teen presents itself as getting inside the lives of America 's current youth culture . But the very idea of individuality is lost because it does n't go deep enough into the lives of its subjects to fully convey the idea .
Damn , I really do not miss high school .
Does n't take full advantage of the opportunity offered by a year-long glimpse into young lives . One is left to wonder what Errol Morris would have done with the challenge .
... has its heart in the right place , but I do n't think it breaks any new ground exploring the teen years .
Presents a neat and compact overview of youth under pressure to conform , perform and mature .
Either one of the most intimate and revealing documentaries ever made about the trials and tribulations of being a teenager in America or a clever fraud .
Written and directed by Nanette Burstein , it 's like an intricate and many-layered slice of reality television transferred to the big screen , by turns funny , sad , painful , embarrassing , crude and strangely moving .
My only gripe is that the relentless pressure to be a winner in American culture is exhausting to watch .
Several remarkable sequences illustrate just how oblivious some teens can be to the fact they are being recorded .
Despite its genuinely seductive veneer , American Teen does n't have anything to say about the adolescent condition that American Graffiti did n't already cover off in 1973 .
A surprising film , and quite an impressive one .
While the filmmaker constructs the film with verve and genuine cinematic flair , there are not enough surprises , not enough unexpected insights , to grab onto as we lurch from one scene to the next
American Teen does its job : It invites us into the lives of people we would n't ordinarily meet or , maybe , care about .
American Teen is one of the smartest , funniest , and downright entertaining movies you 'll see all year .
John Hughes called . He wants his movie back .
Burstein could be faulted for occasionally staging her ` plot points , ' but she ca n't be accused of making anything but a riveting piece of film .
A blatantly direct pastiche of The Breakfast Club , if not The Texas Chainsaw Massacre Part 2 .
We were on the edges of our seats , willing Jake not to ruin this moment with the girl , hoping Megan realizes her mistake , urging Hannah out of the car , cheering Colin 's game , nurturing Mitch 's discovery of just being yourself . It is a visceral ride throu
A doctored snapshot that nails the angst , hope and spirit of an emerging generation .
Burstein 's goal was to film an authentic senior year of high school . Instead she showed that it 's almost an impossibility .
See this film to relive those high school days that you have tried to forget . Or , just talk to your kids .
It 's diverting if you do n't mind the pretense , or if you believe everything you see at the movies .
While Nanette Burstein 's naturalistic approach is admirable , the results are stereotypical , capturing a feeling of authenticity despite some obvious staging .
One might wish for a bit more variety among the profiled students , or that the students themselves did n't seem influenced by The Hills and other quasi-reality TV , but Burstein gets a lot out of what she has .
It 's a painful reminder of the clique-ishness and resulting socially awkward atmosphere of public-school education .
American Teen leaves you feeling like you spent an hour and a half in a time machine . You 've been there , seen that and lived through it already .
At first , it seems ` American Teen ' might patronize its subjects , but in fact Burstein treats everyone with sympathy ...
From self-congratulation and cruelty to self-pity and miserablism , the film prizes prima donna behavior and good looks .
As a movie character , -LSB- Hannah 's -RSB- a keeper ; if she did n't really exist , Diablo Cody would probably have to create her .
Even as you watch , though , you begin to wonder how much is real life and how much of what you see was `` staged '' because the teens knew a camera was watching .
The whirl of hormones , high hopes and hysterical drama that is high school earns its close-up in American Teen , a smart and revealing look at the Class of 2006 in Warsaw , Indiana .
Its subjects blandly keep your attention in almost the exact same way that reality-show contestants keep your attention .
There are many times when you simply ca n't believe you 've eavesdropped on such personal moments . The triumphs and pains of teenage life are captured here in all their marvelous , maddening complexity .
They all have their stories tell , some more complicated than others .
It 's just as keen as Breaking Away at making socioeconomic distinctions , and its best characters are equally defiant at resisting attempts to nail them down or put them in their place .
What her cameras capture should n't be construed as truth but rather as scenarios that were cast in stone long before she came on the scene .
Presented with humor but not at the expense of its subjects , American Teen was the toast of this year 's Sundance Film Festival .
American Teen finds the truth in the trite and the cliched : It 's a wonderful look at why growing up is so hard to do .
Teenagers are restless and get very worked up over interpersonal dramas . Gee willickers , I 'm sure glad a film crew traveled all the way to north central Indiana to make that shocking discovery .
There 's an old saying about show business being `` high school with money '' . In the new documentary American Teen , there 's an expressed feeling that high school is show business without a safety net .
At times it feels as though we 're watching a scripted movie with paid actors instead of `` real '' kids , but that does n't prevent the audience from becoming emotionally invested in each of their plights .
Burstein somehow manages to capture the ups/downs , pains/pleasures , and general angst of high school life when her subjects knew they were on camera !
Burstein either is n't aware of or has made a conscious decision to ignore the very `` non-fiction '' filmmaking that her subjects and their peers are likely most exposed to .
After seeing lots of Hollywood teen comedy/dramas that just ca n't capture what High School is really like , along comes this involving and truthful Documentary to bring us back to reality .
You feel the students ' relief when they graduate -- and breathe easier remembering that that chapter of your life is over as well .
A moving and engrossing slice-of-life documentary about teen life in small-town Warsaw , Ind. .
Eventually Burstein moves past these objections and slips under your skin .
Faux-doc or not , Burstein 's film is funny and engaging , and it gives us an amazing intimacy and identification with these characters as it skillfully strips away the layers of their cliched teenage stereotypes to reveal the true person beneath .
American Teen shows how a documentary can be as moving and suspenseful as the best narrative feature .
This is an odd little film that really sneaks up on you , packing a much bigger emotional punch than you 'd anticipate .
American Teen is The Breakfast Club in real time .
This being senior year , Burstein ca n't help but capture some genuine drama , but there 's a stage-managed quality to the movie that reminded me of MTV reality shows .
Consciously or not , the movie 's about the way we structure our lives as drama if we want them to have any meaning at all .
Performing has become such an integral part of America 's YouTube experience that people no longer seem capable of appearing authentic while on camera .
Who needs fiction when the truth is funnier , richer and far more moving ?!
American Teen is n't as penetrating or obviously realistic as her On the Ropes , but Burstein -LRB- who won best director at Sundance 2008 -RRB- has achieved an engrossing film .
The doc seems a bit imitative itself , aping the slick manners of its poor cousin on the small screen -- reality TV .
Director Nanette Burstein created real movie magic by making a documentary that actually flowed and felt like an actual film with character development and a great story line .
By far the most shallow and inauthentic film that I have seen so far in 2008 and bear in mind , I have seen `` Zombie Strippers . ''
proves the more things change , the more they stay the same . I just wish director Nanette Burstein was satisfied with the movie being just a documentary .
The look and feel of American Teen is authentically 21st century , but the rites of passage it documents are timeless .
What makes Nanette Burstein 's movie so powerful is its uncanny sense of familiarity . Watching them , we are transported into a humming , philosophical reverie about ourselves .
An appealing and unexpectedly moving snapshot of 17-year-olds on the tightrope between family and future .
American Teen feels like truth , and it 's still stranger than fiction .
Burstein may not know when to back off , but she 's genuinely curious about all she sees . I bet audiences , particularly young audiences , will respond to this picture .
By the end of the film , you 'll be firmly on the side of each of these kids , hoping the best for them .
Riveting documentary is bound to get kids talking .
Compared to the contrived junk we see on MTV masquerading as a reality series , I think this is very authentic .
May be no more revealing than similar television treatments of kids -- and has been molded so smoothly as to sometimes seem staged -- -LSB- but -RSB- it 's an engaging portrait .
American Teen is stronger without calamitous characters , whose traumas might 've overpowered the film , desensitizing the audience and leaving little room for the important nuances of love , conformity , friendship , heartbreak and yearning .
Burstein or an apologist would probably say that in the YouTube era , overt and even manipulative mediation is a fact of teen life , and that her movie is a reflection of that reality . If so ... YouTube is better at being YouTube than American Teen is .
It 's hard not to root for these teens .
Revealing , funny and involving .
There 's no denying that Burstein has captured something very real , honest truths about growing up that no one who 's been to high-school can deny .
You 'll be totally riveted .
For adults , it 's also , possibly , a wake-up call . Do we really put that much pressure on our children ? Are we really that insensitive ?
An immensely appealing documentary that enables us to empathize with five very different teenagers in their last year of high school in Warsaw , Indiana .
Ultra-slick and predictable .
In Nanette Burstein 's high school documentary , every kid is either a brain , an athlete , a basket case or a princess . Still , Burstein makes a strong case that there 's a lot of truth to those clichés .
Fascinating , queasy-making new documentary . The fascination comes from how unguarded these young people seem to be about their own lives , speaking frankly to the camera and allowing it to observe uncomfortable and intimate moments in their lives .
The kids ' mistakes make you cringe -- often with laughs of recognition -- and , during the film 's most involving moments , makes you long to comfort them through their trials and cheer on their triumphs .
Burstein does indeed capture some of the awkwardnesses that we can all relate to -- the dating scene , the snubs , the cliques , the bad behavior .
Candid , intimate , and often heart-wrenching , Nanette Burstein 's documentary captures the confusion and agony of living through high school .
I knew these kids in school , could even be accused of being them at times in my day , and watching them try and deal with all the crazy mixed-up screwiness growing up entails infatuated and moved me like virtually nothing else this year .
In many ways , Nanette Burstein 's approach of editing documentary footage into narrative works better than a lot of scripted teen fiction . The characters are actually complex .
Burstein 's camera is right on Mitch 's face when he presumably first notices Hannah playing with her band on the school 's stage - happy accident ? planted idea ? editing with hindsight ?
Our appetite for watching young people do silly , overly sincere , and sometimes brave things has been slaked by the glut of junk-food TV shows on the subject .
For those who felt that the 40 minutes of MTV 's True Life were just not enough , your film has arrived .
It 's easy for anyone who survived -LRB- or is surviving -RRB- high school to feel twinges of identification .
A film that will force you to recall every awkward feeling of rejection , alienation , and betrayal that you went through during your own high school years .
Personal as it gets , the film never seems exploitative or sensationalized or the least bit dumbed-down ... or scripted , which distinguishes it from most shows about young people , whether they claim to be real or not .
If American Teen is n't a particularly deep documentary , it is an entertaining one .
Whether you consider high school the best years of your life or are happy to have left them behind , director Burstein brings it all back .
The mostly obvious , supposedly true story of feeling , like , OMG , whatever .
Nothing is revealed here , save for the sad fact that while young people 's appetite for nonfiction film was supposed to be whetted by reality television , nonfiction film instead has turned into reality television .
The players are timelessly familiar in American Teen . But filmmaker Nanette Burstein tells their stories with a distinctly 21st-century pop and audacity that makes this latest version of Fast Times at My So-Called Happy Days High a timely pleasure .
At what point does the filming of kids behaving immaturely become an invasion of privacy , even if parents signed consent forms ?
Ms. Burstein has infused her film with an ever-rare authenticity and manages to see beyond each kid 's stereotype to the complicated screwed-up adolescent they are -LRB- and we were -RRB- .
Their struggles with each other , with their parents , and with themselves are plenty absorbing , but I 'm not the first to notice that the poster for American Teen is designed to remind us of The Breakfast Club .
Except for some obvious staging on Burstein 's part , their ups and downs , doubts and dreams , all feel vividly real . Well , at least more real than anything you see on The Hills .
This is a vile misuse of the intimate , verité and reportorial technique that the Maysles , Pennebaker and other doc pioneers worked so hard to justify .
-LSB- I -RSB- ntimate and incisive ... a peek into the horrors of adolescence that most of us have tried to forget , and should n't ...
... Burstein takes time to let the kids honestly express themselves ; what she finds is both surprisingly and painfully familiar to anyone who has ever survived high school .
If you seek out American Teen looking for an engaging , stylish and surprisingly smart piece of non-fiction entertainment , you 're going to be completely won over .
More of a marketing sensation than a cinematic one ... a documentary should n't feel this packaged .
Documentary focus is something that , like car keys , should not be given unquestioningly to high schoolers .
The movie does get under your skin , but the way it has been put together reminds me of those animal shows where the crew nudges the gazelles in the direction of the lions with multiple cameras standing by .
Slick and entertaining but shallow and manipulative , American Teen is a disappointing chronicle of a year in the lives of teenagers -LRB- all types -RRB- in a largely white middle-class milieu .
Teen yearns to expose the aching heart of high schoolers , but comes up short in rather impressive fashion , taking cues from MTV 's `` The Hills '' to manufacture a documentary that does n't appear to contain a living , breathing moment of reality .
This kind of production is better suited to television than movie theaters . American Teen is a pretty bauble : shiny and alluring from a distance but cheap and plastic when you get close .
In each situation , punctuated with animated sequences that reflect the teenager 's fantasies , Burstein recalls the bittersweet experience of being 18 .
The portraits of these kids often feel honest , sometimes intrusive , and occasionally they come off a little camera-conscious , which may simply be the nature of the beast .
... a refreshing antidote to the overly beautified `` teenagers '' and excessively clean buildings that populate Hollywood 's phony high school stories .
It 's all-consuming stuff , particularly when you look at it in extreme close up .
More entertaining , funny , and hopeful than almost any fictional film I 've seen this year .
Enormously entertaining storytelling but highly problematic documentary filmmaking .
Fun and facile in much the same way reality TV is . You may have a good time , but you 'll hate yourself in the morning .
For years filmmakers have tried to capture the essence of being in high school and no film has been as successful as the documentary American Teen .
Undeniably entertaining for its zippy presentation .
American Teen is an enjoyable film but it does feel staged .



@highlight

American Teen skates some thin ice with its documentary ethics but , in the end , presents a charming and stylish -LRB- if packaged -RRB- tale .