A charming , though occasionally off-target -- and consistently tempo-challenged -- romantic comedy .
The most cloying family meeting since A Very Brady Christmas
Una comedia romántica muy menor , predecible e intrascendente que desaprovecha por completo el talento de un buen elenco . Una lástima .
What 's wrong with Steve Carrell ? His is one of the quickest falls from comedy to crap since Chevy Chase .
A creature made of gingerbread and hugs .
I prefer a little more dysfunction in my dysfunctional family comedies .
Carell and Binoche are great fun to watch , doing just what the movie requires -LRB- not much , as scripted by Pierce Gardner and director Peter Hedges -RRB- and then some .
Carell seems to be at his best when he is put in awkward situations and is forced to make a fool out of himself , and there are plenty of those moments in Dan in Real Life .
Alas , -LSB- Hedges ' -RSB- forays behind the camera with Pieces of April and now Dan in Real Life indicate he 's got Sundance intentions but a Hallmark Channel soul .
Writer / director Peter Hedges likes to touch on deeper emotional truths , but he does n't have the courage to really probe his characters ' struggles in a meaningful way .
Because it touches on the universal themes of loss and love so honestly , it is a film that feels authentic even in its many contrivances .
... ultimately succumbs to an egregious emphasis on inauthentic elements ...
did n't really get it
I wound up enjoying most of what I saw , despite its familiarity and predictability . The film 's got a good heart .
Okay for forgiving romance fans , and a maybe-see for the rest of us .
It attempts to take a Three 's A Company situation and mix it together with a widower trying to raise three children . This is not cool .
Dan in Real Life is a film willing to admit that love is messy and that family , no matter how strained , is still the most perfect cauldron within which to ferment all those things that make life worth living ...
It 's hilarious and painful as only real situations can be , and Hedges directs his excellent cast , with sensitivity and wry humour .
It 's hard for a film like this not to come off as too sweet , but this grown up comedy manages in making it a real gem .
Writer-director Peter Hedges -LRB- ` Pieces of April ' -RRB- maintains a perfect balance between the comedy and the romance .
entyposiaka prosgeiomeno kai pisteyto -LRB- sto megalytero meros toy toylahiston -RRB- , me mia epistrosi glykopikroy glassoy panta paroysa , na kalyptei tis elleipseis stoys arhetypikoys perifereiakoys haraktires kai tis sporadikes symbatikes eksarseis toy eidoys
It 's amiable enough , but the ickiness levels are too high and Juliette Binoche always looks uncomfortable in this shallow-end material .
Drips with sentimentality .
About as riotous as gassing yourself during a wet weekend in Worksop .
An off-centre rom-com with unlikely stars , this indie drama is neither too funny nor too romantic in its balance of laughs and tenderness . The perfect date movie for middle-aged romantics -LRB- and we mean that as a compliment -RRB- .
It 's the unlikely chemistry between Binoche and Carell coupled with Carell 's impeccable comic timing -LRB- watch out for the shower scene -RRB- that keeps you glued to the screen .
Touching , tender and laugh-out-loud funny , this little rom-com will melt your heart then rebuild it afresh . It 's so warm and inviting , you 'll want to spend a week in its company . But you only get 99 minutes . Treasure them .
Smoothly entertaining fare , but with a bit more nerve it could have been so much more .
As the author of ` What 's Eating Gilbert Grape ? ' , writer-director Hedges knows how to tell a story about kith and kin without smothering it in goo .
A small but sweetly formed comedy of romantic misfortune that ca n't quite keep Hollywood at bay .
Enjoyable , emotionally engaging and frequently hilarious comedy drama with a superb script and terrific performances from its ensemble cast .
There is no mistaking Hedges ' film for anything other than a saccharine corn-fest , but what keeps it from palling entirely is the strength of the ensemble performances , and the smartly understated writing .
Carell is appealing and the family drama plays out as something real that sort of sneaks up on you in a good way .
Carell has continued to grow and mature as an actor .
Like a well-done Produce Pete sketch , Carell peels back layers of banality covering the bitterness underneath .
Romantic but gents , do n't let this deter you - it 's about a man , his journey , and his burdens , it 's a story of a husband and a dad and a brother and a man who used to be someone 's lover . Bring a date .
Knowingly examines romance , parenthood , grief and betrayal , but succumbs slightly to simplistic sentimentality .
In the movie world , these characters might have been interesting , but in real life , they were too one-dimensional to make you want them to find true love .
The film is not just laid-back , it 's nearly catatonic .
It 's hard not to enjoy a heartwarming movie , such as Dan in Real Life .
The plot depends on Marie playing an excruciating , thankless role . It 's not original , but it certainly is depressing .
Ultimately it is Carell who grounds Dan in something close to real life .
Like the movie itself , Carell 's performance does n't really give you a reason to leave home , but if you find yourself watching it , you will be pleasantly surprised . To a degree .
Aside from Dan himself , nothing about the movie feels real .
Am I a hypocrite ? Sign me , Dan in Real Life .
Confuses charm with childishness and romance with the sort of endless yearning in a badly written teen diary . Then there 's the misogyny ... and after the film 's family values syrup is tapped out , its WASPy judgmentalism remains .
A multi-generational romantic comedy is a rare and precious thing to behold .
It 's sadly just a mixed bag of hits and misses ...
This is his -LSB- Carell 's -RSB- most assured and rounded performance to date .
I came away thinking that it just might be the sweetest film of the year .
Steve Carell is the new Tom Hanks .
Get him outside of `` The Office , '' and Steve Carell is a lovable everyman .
Real Life ? Nah -- but the emotions are real .
Heartwarming , quirky and quietly affecting ... the overall package is peppered with an easy-going dosage of reflective schmaltz ... warm , inviting and actively spirited ...
Now , everybody knows that Steve Carell is lovable .
Astonishingly effective .
If these people actually existed , I 'd suggest avoiding contact for fear of contracting terminal insipidity .
The latest from Hedges is in places touching and funny but rarely in the course of its 95 minutes does it look anything remotely like real life .
Love hurts in cute -LRB- if predictable -RRB- rom com .
It 's a nice film . There 's some nice touches to it .
` Dan in Real Life ' showcases Steve Carell 's talent for dry sarcasm , clownish physicality , vulnerability and officiousness .
the emotion is genuine and the humor is just sweet enough to leave you smiling .
This is one of those `` feel good '' movies that really does make you feel good .
The fastest way to clear a theater !
The laughter from the audience was sustained throughout the film .
A sweet , affectionate and emotionally genuine venture into that complicated crossroads of family tribal conflict and found love , however unavailable that sexy creature might be .
Effortlessly breezy .
As a surprisingly engaging romantic comedy starring an unlikely romantic lead , Dan in Real Life warms your heart in all the right places . And makes you want to eat pancakes .
A smart and sassy romantic comedy about two people who are surprised by love and forced to navigate its tricky waters in a large extended family setting .
A bit more convincingly portrayed bitterness , though , would have made the movie 's laughs all sweeter in contrast .
Dan in Real Life is n't about real life . This is reel life , Hollywood 's heightened-reality take on what might go on at a large family gathering where one woman is caught between the affections of siblings .
Finally a really smart , really funny movie about the ups and downs of life , love and family .
`` Dan in Only-in-the-Movies Life '' would have been an awkwardly long title , but it would have been a lot more appropriate .
-LSB- I -RSB- f you can manage to get through Dan in Real Life without falling madly in love with both Binoche and Carell ... then you 're a better man than I am , Charlie Brown .
The writing here is as honest as any I 've experienced this year , the script a continuous symphony of all of life 's numerous bells and whistles that continually keep us all coming back for more .
... not awful , but not up to the quality of the screwball comedies of the '30s and '40s ... There are smiles where there could have been guffaws .
Nearly every scene feels true , as if lifted directly from your own family reunion .
Why must so many family-friendly romantic comedies give us such wan , forgettable dialogue and predictable situations ? Dan is derivative at best , and feels like filmmaking by focus group at worst .
It 's a clever idea for a romantic comedy that presents a credible obstacle for two modern , would-be lovers to maneuver around for 90 minutes .
A movie nicely packed with pleasantly unpredictable surprises .
Carell makes it worthwhile -LRB- Dane Cook almost makes it not worthwhile -RRB- .
Carell plays it fairly straight in a movie that hits high on the scales of comedy and romance , with just a dollop of dramatic reality . It 's almost as if he were playing , well , real life .
Dan in Real Life fires on so many circuits that at times it 's actually shocking how good it is . It tells a funny and emotional story without any of the sentimental shorthand found in most romantic comedies .
Carell ca n't rescue this sometimes-charming romantic comedy from its real problems .
A mediocre and unbelievable romantic comedy .
One character says she 's looking for something ` not necessarily hahaha laugh-out-loud funny , something human funny , ' and that 's what we get .
Sweet it is . Remotely connected to real life , however , it is not .
Hedges imparts , in the space of an hour and a half , a real sense of this family 's history -- its rituals and its resilience .
The heart is there , and the message gets you .
Imagine what it would take to make an audience prefer Dane Cook over Steve Carell , then double it .
Dan In Real Life is neither bad nor particularly good . It 's simply more disposable , soon to be forgotten , entertainment .
-LSB- Carell 's -RSB- uncanny ability to make us care what happens to him salvages Dan in Real Life .
If what you want is a star-driven sophisticated romantic comedy that is successfully aimed at actual adults , the wait can seem like forever . Until now .
Smart , funny , character-based romantic comedy that 's full of good surprises .
Mostly the laughs are based in behavior and character . Carell once again displays the range that makes him something more than just another funny guy . Binoche is so appealing that you immediately understand why Dan has been smitten .
A sweet , mildly quirky romcom .
In the end , the commercial necessity of wrapping up a family comedy in less than 100 minutes seems to have trumped anything real about Dan 's life .
The previews make Dan in Real Life look like a tepid romantic comedy that makes little use of Steve Carell 's gifts . Well , the previews are right .
Hedges is not the most subtle of storytellers , but his sincerity shines through , as does a certain gentleness . Dan in Real Life is one of those films you cheer to succeed , even when it does n't come close to real life .
A surprisingly plain , sappy , even insipid comedy , considering the filmmaker behind it .
Dan in Real Life is this year 's Family Stone , a pleasant enough diversion -- especially if your own family is driving you crazy -- but quickly forgotten .
Dan in Real Life is an enjoyable if curious creature , a naturalistic ensemble comedy wed to a high-flown sitcom premise . It 's infused with a warm optimism that prevails even through the drama 's thornier patches .
There 's not an iota of pretense here , not the slightest hint of hipster irony or of cynicism . It 's a movie about family , made by people who know about family , who believe in family .
Dan in Real Life lacks the nerve of genuine storytelling . It 's for moviegoers who would have preferred Little Miss Sunshine if that movie had n't been so gosh-darn dark .
Dan in Real Life wants desperately to be loved . It includes a few laughs ... but with all its cloying , tone-deaf attempts at genuine emotional warmth , all it really deserves is to be avoided .
Add in a terrific soundtrack of original songs by singer-songwriter Sondre Lerche , and `` Dan in Real Life '' is an unexpected and very welcome treat , a crowd-pleasing mainstream comedy with the soul of an indie .
Dan in Real Life is neither wildly farcical nor mockingly cruel , but rather , for the most part , winningly gentle and observant .
There are some loud moments and big laughs .
Almost reflexively , the filmmakers skirt Dan 's messier conflicts . But it is the moments when they do n't dance around the awkward issue of a brother falling for his brother 's girl that Dan is the most poignant .
The film portrays how good will is much harder to handle than evil .
Dan in Real Life is an odd title for a movie that has n't the slightest concept of real life .
Director Peter Hedges overloads his film with characters and then gives them nothing interesting to do .
The movie has its charms , especially the performances , but they 're not the charms of family togetherness and finding love after loss that the movie so sappily tries to pound home near the end .
Carell continues his march as this generation 's Tom Hanks , equally comfortable and at home in comedy or drama .
Thankfully , Hedges keeps his focus and does n't allow the film to just become a series of sketches and syrupy confessionals .
even Derek Jeter strikes out once in a while , so Steve Carell was bound to have a stinker eventually , and Dan In Real Life is it .
The cozy , lived-in atmosphere created by the ensemble and the unlikely chemistry of Carell and Binoche are so genuine that you wish the rest of the film was just as effortless and authentic .
Carell brings depth and sweetness to the role , showing us Dan 's longing before Dan can acknowledge it himself .
Carell , who is quickly building an impressive big screen resume , shines and brings the rest of the film up a few notches in the process .
Hedges might be making a basic peanut butter-and-jelly sandwich of a feature , but he cuts the crusts off the white bread because he knows that 's how we like it .
There 's nothing groundbreaking about Dan in Real Life -- it 's a picture that could have been made 10 or 20 years ago -- and yet its easygoing , affable nature is exactly what makes it pleasurable .
This picture about romance found unexpectedly in middle age juxtaposes poignant observations about love and family with genuinely humorous moments .
The sort of movie that wears down your resistance until , finally , you feel as if something must be wrong with you if you do n't fall for the cheap theatrics of its story and the emotional manipulations of its characters .
Dan is a delightful motion picture , especially when it combats the fatigue of formula , trying to smuggle in astute characterizations between moments of traditional Hollywood romantic comedy hoo-ha .
Carell and Binoche do make a sweet couple , but this rom-com fare -- albeit tasty at times -- is n't as substantial as it should be .
-LSB- Binoche 's -RSB- complicated , heartfelt performance is the reason to see the film : When she 's around , she pierces the soothing gray nothingness with shafts of sunlight .
No sooner than you 're stirred by something surprising or genuinely sweet , you 're shaken by another piece of shtick .
A wry , smart and perceptive dramedy about family and life 's other surprises .
A comedy that 's at once overstuffed and surprisingly subtle .
... a thoroughly contrived romantic comedy that is spiked into the end zone by its engaging cast and shambling production design .
For all its by-the-numbers plotting , Dan in Real Life is winningly good-natured and funny .
The setup of this comedy by director-cowriter Peter Hedges and some subsequent twists may be contrived , and the laughs are n't very plentiful , but much of the behavior seems real , and the able cast makes the most of it .
To call this feel-good comedy conservative is to cede ` family values ' to the realm of politics , which , despite a vague NPR-ishness to the characters , is something Real Life refuses to do .
Dan in Real Life is a pretty warm , genuine comedy that succeeds , at least in part , because of some gutsy casting choices .
Bad movies invariably stem from bad ideas , and the worst of the several rancid ideas packed inside of Dan in Real Life is that Steve Carell could be the new Alan Alda .
The kind of sentimental , patently false romantic pandering whose idea of resolving a scene is for everyone to engage in some cute form of eccentric group activity .
A low-key , highly agreeable charmer .
Comfortable and enjoyable in an unpushy sort of way .
Dan in Real Life navigates its machinations with such laid-back assurance that it earns your attention , your respect and , ultimately , your heart .
Plot undermines otherwise solid performances and high quality production .
It 's like the cream-and-sugar decaf version of The 40-Year-Old Virgin -- sweet enough , but nothing that will keep you from dozing off .
Has about as much genuine feeling as a cheap greeting card .
As resolutely plastic and formulaic as most half-hour network comedy pilots .
It sounds corny , and it is -- as are many other of the goofy sequences that seem lame on paper but work in execution . But that 's family .
Director Hedges 's signature trademark of broad comedy with family sentiment on display with reasonable success .
Sweet family comedy trifle starring Steve Carell as the titular neurotic advice columnist suffering through an impossibly quaint family vacation . Manages to be cute without being cutesy .
It 's as if the producers of Spanglish had asked Adam Sandler to do his Opera Man routine here and there .
The movie is called Dan in Real Life , but it 's a stretch worthy of Reed Richards to believe that anything in this tepid plate of idiocy would actually happen in real life .
Beneath its aw-shucks , wants-to-be-liked exterior , this is a bankrupt motion picture . It 's cloying , artificial , and not the least bit romantic .
unaffectedly joyful about what life has to offer
Dan In Real Life wants to offer it all -- a fine sentiment when a movie can pull it off , an example of trying too hard when it does n't .
A complete waste of some wonderful talent .
If this is `` real life , '' then count me out .
Steve Carell 's pursed-lipped awkwardness and sweet buffoonery are both in fine form , but those endearing qualities are n't nearly enough to salvage Peter Hedges 's incorrigibly hackneyed film .
Dan in Real Life is a comedy of faith that , in its wised-up feel-good way , restores yours .
An utterly charming crowd-pleasing comedy that adds another impressive performance to Steve Carell 's resume .
Easily the most uplifting , satisfying movie I 've seen , or hope to see , all year .
... about as pleasant as a movie can get without actually being any good .
One could fill this entire space with the titles of films from which writer-director Peter Hedges nicks his story .
While not a perfect comedy , Dan is certainly a crowd-pleasing , cleverly engineered and well-executed divertissement that should put grins on the faces of movie fans of many ages and execs at Disney and Focus Features .
Gracefully understated and thoroughly engaging .
Despite sit-com touches and crowd-pleasing tendencies , Hedges ' honorable follow up to his 2003 indie Pieces of April is satisfying as a family saga and romantic dramedy due to central performance of Steve Carell .
The plot tickles sitcom , but the film is a winner because Carell and Binoche follow Hedges ' lead and keep it real . Sharing their company really is a pleasure .
A film of quiet but true pleasures , Dan in Real Life affirms that there 's a real movie career still ahead for Steve Carell .







@highlight

The fine performances elevate Dan in Real Life beyond its sentimental plot .