A flimsy blues-oriented Moulin Rouge with a touch of Chinatown-style public corruption thrown in .
Looks great and sound great , but it does n't have enough heart and soul and , ultimately , seems too artsy-fartsy while leaving feeling cold .
There 's nothing worse than a soft-boiled noir . Dashiell Hammett this is not .
The cast of lightweights come off as kids playing dress-up in their parents ' old clothes .
An unwieldy combination of film noir and film musical , Dark Streets does n't manage to be effective on either level .
A film noir musical fantasy that falls flat due to a weak screenplay .
A poetic , rambunctious film that shows no matter how much we see , we never see , and no matter how much things change , the more they stay the same .
The roster of R&B artists heard on the soundtrack is impressive ; the movie is not .
Sophisticated elements rise above this murk - Toledo as the MC and music that is a serious contribution to the blues repertory .
It 's atmospheric like a steaming pile .
Dark Streets has atmosphere coming out its ears , but not much going on between them .
The script is just all kinds of terrible .
I love musicals , but I 'd be hard-pressed to recommend this curiosity .
If only I cared .
A collection of 1950s B-movie mannerisms that would have made for a great parody if only it were capable of laughing at its own hard-boiled absurdity .
According to its press kit , this is ` an atmospheric film noir musical fantasy , ' ` a noir fever dream ' and a ` blues-infused noir mystery . ' If you suspect those are code words for ` pointless hooey , ' you 're right .
Dark Streets lost me early , real early , like still-adjusting-my-eyes-in-a-dark-theater early : Welcome to the blues , growls the entertainer with the mohawk and the full-length ringmaster gown .
... an inventively made noir with a terrific sound track of 12 original songs . This might not be for everyone , but if you like noir it 's one that should n't disappoint .
Viewers willing to give themselves to the serious playfulness and visuals will find their share of rewards in ` Dark Streets . '
Time for a moratorium on film noir attempts .
It 's like a high school play version of noir with musical numbers written by the drama teacher . In the end , these streets are n't nearly dark enough .
... an interesting and ambitious movie that succeeds in a small way as spectacle but fails as drama
Even though it is n't necessarily a `` good '' film by most conventional critical standards , I have to admit that the sheer strangeness of the entire enterprise kept me reasonably compelled from beginning to end
Rachel Samuels ' thin , affected jazz-age noir Dark Streets is worse than most , grafting an indifferent series of twists and double-crosses onto a blues-nightclub backdrop that overwhelms the foreground .
So leaden and obvious it does n't even work as camp .
Lavishly styled but narratively lax .
So obsessed with mimicry it 's practically a tribute band of a movie .
It 's a lovingly souped-up incarnation of the film-noir look , contains well-staged and performed musical numbers , and has a lot of cigarettes , tough tootsies , bad guys and shadows . What it does n't have is a story that pulls us along .
This charmless fantasy tries to recapture the mix of hot jazz and cold cynicism that lit up Chicago , adding a dash of punk for good measure
Feebly mixing film noir and the old-time nightclub musical , Dark Streets could do with illumination in more ways than one .
The flimsy plot -- less a whodunit than an is n't - it-screamingly-obvious-that-that-guy-done-it ! -- will have thriller fans singing the blues .
Less unusual than simply nutty ... while it 's kind of intriguing , it comes nowhere near to being satisfying .
Dark Streets may only be a quasi-noir and quasi-musical , but that does n't stop it from being a wholesale slog .




@highlight

Dark Streets is a film noir musical that 's too gimmicky for its own good .