It 's the movie 's seeming lack of structure that keeps us off-guard , and that 's what makes the whole messy enterprise so genially compelling .
Something -LSB- that -RSB- is both impressive and thrifty is Jay and Mark Duplass ' Baghead , unquestionably the most inventive horror film in years -- one that puts character first and genre expectations last .
... an intriguing premise that 's employed to predictably subdued effect by the Duplass brothers ...
There are some humorous and touching moments in Baghead , but the actors lack the finesse needed to make us really feel for their characters .
The Duplass brothers waste a perfectly good porno premise by getting meta on our asses
That documentary-like naturalism might be a bit much for some viewers , but Baghead is still an intriguing film , as the Duplass brothers construct genuine suspense while toying with their audience 's expectations .
Baghead delivers more scares with its paper masked stalker than Jason and Michael Myers combined in their respective reboots .
An extended navel gaze .
A wildly funny parody of low-budget horror cinema .
The plot is tired , the actors are not much good , the situation is way too familiar , there is no humor or fright in sight .
Just when you think the film is about to zig , it zags and heads another direction . And it 's smart enough to cut things short before it wears out its welcome and before it gets too predictable .
Alternately funny and scary , ` Baghead ' suggests that ` The Blair Witch Project ' may be as responsible for mumblecore as any of the self-consciously anti-commercial movies that usually are credited with jump-starting the trend .
The truth eventually comes out , as it must , and it 's not exactly a stunner .
I want to shout , not mumble , that the Duplasses are a couple of the most promising filmmakers out there .
Baghead 's got exactly one joke to exploit -- it 's a relationship movie masquerading as a horror movie -- and proceeds to beat it to death .
The co-directors and co-writers , Jay and Mark Duplass , appear to be saying , ` Hey , we are the new emperors of the independent cinema . And guess what ? We have no clothes . '
Baghead is best in its first half , when it 's just about a group of four friends trying to escape the ruts their lives have become .
A refreshingly brisk and modest salvo from the American independent film front , proving there 's still interesting life in the scruffy , shot-on-video genre .
Jay and Mark Duplass -- the brothers who wrote , directed and produced this bauble -- take literally two-thirds of the film to come to a very small point .
Alternately hilarious , subtly sinister , and finally poignant , Baghead is not quite like any other film in memory .
Baghead is at its best when it captures the subtleties of romantic machinations , macho power plays and the indignity of women aging in Hollywood .
Compared to films such as Tropic Thunder and The Blair Witch Project , Baghead 's poke at the film industry and attempt at verite horror are a little like making vroom-vroom noises next to a Porsche .
The coda , even if it does n't wholly work , should have some sobering lessons for would-be filmmakers who see this . Kids , try this at home .
Baghead is at once a terrifically smart and scary piece of entertainment , an embodiment of the mumblecore aesthetic , and a sly commentary on the challenges aspiring and independent filmmakers face in finding an audience for their work .
It 's clear that horror is n't really the Duplass ' forte : The simple scenes of these four aspiring filmmakers sitting around a table , brainstorming ideas while tearing each other apart are more interesting than all that running and screaming .
he brothers Duplass have a knack for the to-and-fro of modern relationships . Their horror sense is less acute , but at least they understand that when the budget is low , it 's best to keep the villain in the shadows .
Baghead works on the same principle Lucy used when she kept promising she would hold the football for Charlie Brown but kept moving it before he could kick it .
Too bad the characters are so rote . The women are almost nonentities , and the bond between the men borders on the maudlin . The actors are often better than their lines .
I felt like putting a bag over MY head .
When the origami model of the plot finally unfolds , and the well-justified surprises are disclosed , there are still a couple of revelations up the Duplass brothers ' sleeves .
Trouble is , it 's never really funny or really scary , and a lot of it is hugely predictable .
Although the final act telegraphs the endgame a little too obviously , Baghead is nevertheless a late summer treat .
Even in the spookiest woods in the dead of night , there will be no difficulty figuring this one out .
... there 's a sly wit to the way the filmmakers mix and match and upend genres .
Very uneven super-low-budget exercise ... the sort of thing that 's usually referred to as ` showing promise . '
Takes an ingenious -- and perhaps necessary -- shift into more accessible filmmaking . Okay , it 's less of a shift than a sort of yawning amiable slouch , but you get my drift .
In this interview , filmmakers Jay Duplass and Mark Duplass talk about the road to their first distributed feature , the process of their filmmaking and the meaning of the term mumblecore .
The problem with Baghead is n't that it 's cheaply made but that it 's sloppily composed .
This is the kind of imaginative and witty filmmaking that brings us that scarce commodity : a little movie gem .
A sweet little movie , it does n't have a pretentious bone in its body . The four lead actors are uniformly likable , so the thinness of the production never detracts from our enjoyment .
Keep your eyes open , and there are lots of other , subtler things going on .
The movie 's cheap , it 's clever -- it 's even a little scary in places .
A raw , wickedly clever comedy that also includes moments of genuine terror .
Baghead is an original , confident piece of filmmaking that is n't easily categorized or even summarized .
... you 're not quite sure what to make of Baghead , though in a good way .
He -LSB- baghead -RSB- is obviously simply a device to make the movie long enough to qualify as a feature , and the denouement will be one of stunning underwhelmingness .
Mark and Jay Duplass -LRB- The Puffy Chair -RRB- once again show how you can make a good , cheap movie with a good idea , some strong characters and one , simple visual motif .
it 's a relationship movie , a horror film and an independent Hollywood insider satire , all three elements winking at each other the whole time .
A funny , scary send-up of filmmakers .
Simple , minimal yet charming and original , Baghead should be included in courses like Indies 101 , as demonstration of the democratic nature of the filmmaking process and the viability of low-budget guerrilla cinema .
The movie 's concern with its characters ' shifting alliances and petty vanities also evokes early John Sayles and , at times , Eric Rohmer .
A very short and cheerfully scruffy comedy-thriller by the Duplass brothers .
I want to persuade you to see Baghead , but I do n't want to overhype it , because in many ways it 's a delicate construction best served as a surprise .
Satire , you see , requires the sort of artistic discipline that is anathema to mumblecore filmmakers .
While the acting is uneven and the focus wavers , the Duplasses take several well-aimed potshots at their bloated industry .
Delightfully unpredictable .
One of the year 's standout indie efforts .
The semi-improvised performances , which seem so natural that it is tempting to confuse the actors with their characters , bring Baghead into the realm of group therapy observed through one-way glass .
What could have been an amusing short subject , the Duplass Brothers ' not-quite-horror/not-quite-comedy drags its one note premise out to an almost mind-numbing 84 minutes .
Much of the fun of Baghead is that it 's unclassifiable , by turns a movie-movie lark , an Eric Rohmer-like relationship comedy , and a surprisingly effective Friday The 13th kids-in-the-woods slasher film .
Once the threat arrives , I was praying to return to the childish mating rituals of these monotonous characters . Watching lousy actors try to express heartache through limited gifts is far more frightening than any masked , crazed killer .
It 's entertaining , often funny and ultimately endearing , thanks mainly to its ensemble cast .
You 're never quite sure if you 're supposed to laugh or shudder , which is saying a lot at a time when most movies drop their seventh veil before the trailer has even come to an end .
If you find slasher films and endless Saw sequels too predictable , it 's worth giving this offbeat comedy a look .
For the Duplass ' film about these talentless slackers to work - both as a drama and then as a horror film -- it 's essential that we care about the characters . I could n't do it .
But what makes Baghead more than just a hipster version of The Blair Witch Project -LRB- young filmmakers in the woods , being terrified -RRB- is the bromance at its core .
It 's an indie about indies -- meta , right ? But also mighty effective if you 're into idle , drunken chit-chat about getting laid while waiting out the bogeyman in the bushes .
Directed by Jay and Mark Duplass , it 's very broad , but the satire -- and its attendant babble -- actually heightens the scares .
Sibling writer-directors Jay and Mark Duplass have figured out how to use their meager resources to intriguing effect . After watching `` Baghead , '' I 'm not sure if I 've seen a horror film or a comedy , and I 'm sure that 's what the Duplass brothers intended .
however talky and handheld , the story is deceptively strong ,
Seems as though it 's made up as they go along , which is part of its charm .
Although it displays some mumblecore characteristics , such as a performance from Hannah Takes the Stairs star Greta Gerwig , Baghead distances itself from the movement by being well , watchable .
Hats off to Baghead .
Baghead does n't strike with the same impact of Puffy Chair , but it does provide proof that the Duplasses are as talented and unpredictable as they are clever and resourceful .
The balance is weighted in favor of character-based laughs rather than scares , but the deadpan tone is maintained throughout
What do four young film makers and a demented savage with a bag over his head have in common ? They all want to be stars , and they almost make it in this super-indie horror satire .
It 's very funny , it 's smart , and it could be really scary . And it really has some nice performances as well .
Baghead is a mumblecoreish meditation on the increasingly permeable boundaries between movies and life .
Jay and Mark Duplass know better : It is n't how much you spend that determines a picture 's quality , it 's how you spend whatever you have . The brothers are master strategists .
The directors like dissonant relationships : Here , their spectacularly self-absorbed protagonists step on each other , jockeying first for position and ultimately for survival .
It plays on all your worst fears and then some , delicately manufacturing delightful feelings of omnipresent menacing dread that 's deliciously exhilarating .
The Duplass Brothers ... get some decent mileage from their Cassavetes-lite , semi-improvisatory filmmaking approach , capturing authenticity in their cast 's fumbling gestures , half-spoken lines , and stumbling advances .
For all the use of first takes and jerky camera moves , the John Cassavetes invoked by Baghead is not the indie pioneer saint but his Faustian thespian-husband character in Rosemary 's Baby .
Its horror is n't anticipated because there 's nothing about these people that justifies harm ; they 're just people , not pawns . But this , as with perception of what sort of film this is , is n't ultimately certain .
What the Duplasses are really adept at , and what truly sets them apart from their lo-fi American indie brethren , is an almost antiquated kind of physical comedy .
A blast of fresh air . It has warmth and innovation , and the mischievous good sense to subtly make fun of the type of film that it is .
Being creative is scary and personal and when you involve other people in the creative process you have to trust them or find a way to get what you want . And that happens here as do laughs , gasps , confusion and terror both real and internalized .
-LSB- A -RSB- clever insider 's riff about life on the lo-fi end of the indie spectrum .
A sly poke at indie filmmaking , a non-stop roller-coaster of sexual and romantic politics , and -LRB- yes -RRB- a slightly scary thriller when all is said and done .
-LSB- A -RSB- generally charming , funny and sweet movie that 's far more accessible than past efforts -LSB- from the Duplass Brothers -RSB- .







@highlight

Pitting actors against murderers in a self-aware struggle for stardom , Baghead successfully skates the borders of horror and comedy .