Never shying away from the picturesque , the film depicts a vivid world that is crystal clear , gleaming , and suffused with life .
Like his other films , Our Little Sister never draws attention to itself -LRB- or to its maker 's understated brilliance -RRB- .
Our Little Sister has an unassuming wisdom beneath its winsome exterior . It 's raw and heartbreaking and real , and that 's commendable .
Emotional without getting sentimental , Our Little Sister is the sort of `` coming to terms '' therapy narrative that should be drooling claptrap , but Koreeda and his actresses make it seem honest and authentic .
Filled with cherry-blossom gorgeousness and sentimental homages to small-town Japanese life , it 's a film of quiet , telling moments , even when big revelations surface .
-LSB- A -RSB- warmly enveloping exploration of grief , guilt and gradually letting go .
It helps that Koreeda 's way with atmosphere is in full effect . The film has tranquil settings , fresh-food meals , cherry blossoms and soothing breezes ; watching it is a good way to clear your head .
Our Little Sister is not so much a dramatic work as a cinematic tone poem . The point of the movie is not to get anywhere in particular , but just to enjoy the journey along the way .
Often compared with Yasujirō Ozu 's domestic tales , Koreeda 's films share that Chekhovian vibe , but his movies have more cinematic fluidity and highly tactile surfaces ; he makes you feel things you might otherwise forget .
There are minor conflicts and revelations , but these never seem like plot points . Rather they feel like the fabric of everyday life , observed with limpid simplicity and given powerful emotional effect with natural , easy , unforced performances .
... practices the same virtue as its characters , realizing that life is lived in the small moments as well as the great ones , and that being present in your own life is the greatest gift of all .
Kore-eda has made a career of family stories focused on youth , some of them heartbreakingly bleak . Here he uses a much lighter brush , creating a picture that is simpler than most , and all the more beautiful for it .
Rarely has a film more eloquently captured the universality of human experience .
The most touching of family reunions .
Kore-eda is one of the most optimistic and humanist filmmakers working today , and even though Our Little Sister is n't quite as finely articulated as some of his previous work , his core compassion for humanity comes through clearly .
... a lyrical , plain-sung movie about people who are obliged to love one another . And do .
While urgency is less of a priority this time out , the helmer still puts together an irresistible collection of characters and personal issues .
` Our Little Sister ' is a tender and restrained feature that flows by like a gentle stream , lulling you with its melodic cadence and drawing you into its beauty .
Under a less masterful hand , you 'd be dying for a fistfight , a sex scene or a gunshot to shatter the calm . But Koreeda makes thrilling the rich inner lives of four young women trying to navigate rocky emotional terrain in the wake of their father 's death .
Our Little Sister is a serene , enchanting film that transports us to another , gentler world .
By the end , a Zen-like calm that might be mistaken for stasis settles over the story . But these lives move forward slowly , inexorably , and they move us , too .
-LSB- Kore-eda -RSB- captures small interactions beautifully , and builds up a layered portrait of the main characters ' everyday lives in those meaningful gestures and exchanges .
Koreeda 's restrained style and gentle pace may try some viewers ' patience , but if you can roll with it , it 's a lovely , poignant slice of life .
Static , slow and slight , but with its own rewards .
Even death is part of the flow , part of the process of getting along and finding a place in the world .
It 's a movie that , by its serene final scene , changes its viewer . You leave happier , honored to have been , for two hours , part of this family .
While it lacks some of the more profound observations of Kore-eda 's best work , the filmmaker 's more gentle approach still allows his subtle humanity to shine through .
Sublime , another rapturous family story from Japanese auteur Hirokazu Koreeda .
If you succumb to Koreeda 's slow rhythms , the climbs up a hill to find a magnificent view , the walks along the beach , the simple peace of a shared meal , this is the kind of movie that will leave you feeling restored , maybe a little misty-eyed as well .
As he eases toward his subtly stirring resolution , it 's hard to resist getting swept up in the moment ; for somewhere along the way , Kore-eda has brought us into the fold .
Koreeda allows the action to unfold gradually , and plum wine is n't the only food metaphor enriching his tale . Each meal seems like an invitation for the sisters to learn more about each other or to be reminded-for good or ill-of their parents .
`` Sister '' ... broods on the past , on how it defines the present and future , but as a film about remembering it is not especially memorable .
Slight , serene and sweet , it 's a subtly calming interlude ...
Our Little Sister does best in small , quiet moments .
It 's subdued , at times even too leisurely , but the film and its characters are luminous , especially lead Ayase Haruka .
Audiences softened by Hollywood cynicism are bound to be confounded by filmmaker Hirokazu Koreeda 's -LRB- After Life , Like Father , Like Son -RRB- gentle , upbeat tone .
With a delicate palette and soft tones , the craftsmanship on display is impeccable , but the pulse-free drama - think crying over spilled milk - makes for muted impact .
The four girls in Our Little Sister make an impressive ensemble as their inclusive spirit and positive outlook restore a kind of equilibrium to a troubled hearth . It must be one of the films of the year .
The Brazilians have a word for the feeling Kore-eda evokes , saudade , a mixture of happiness and sadness , a love that remains once someone is gone . `` Our Little Sister '' is as close to perfect as a film can be .
Moves at a rhythm akin to the gently lapping waves ... yet somehow swiftly establishes the personalities of the three sisters , a contradiction that speaks to the resonance of the performers and Koreeda 's skill at eliciting emotional truth .
The pleasures of Kore-eda 's film comes in meeting these characters-and they are considerable .
The performances are solid throughout , and young Hirose 's Suzu is an unassuming delight .
Our Little Sister often feels Chekhovian , a movie attuned to the passage of time and the changing of seasons . As I watched it , though , I also thought , in a general way , of Thornton Wilder , -LSB- whose plays -RSB- are suffused with love and kindness .
Koreeda 's latest , Our Little Sister , is closer to the fairy tale tone of his nearly-flawless childhood adventure , I Wish , although this exploration of family obligation and loss is less challenging than his prior output .
While the emotions may be muted , there 's still something appealingly heartfelt about the way these siblings find each other . One ca n't help but cheer them on .
As emotionally superficial as a Hollywood movie by the likes of Nancy Myers or Cameron Crowe .
There is a great deal to be said for simple dishes , prepared well .
Beneath its sugar-frosted quality , however , Our Little Sister has a singular character of its own .
There are no great thunderbolts of emotion as in Koreeda 's other work , but fans of the director 's more heartrending movies may appreciate this buoyant palate cleanser .
All one needs is a close-up of Suzu 's face euphorically looking skyward , eyes closed , as she rides on a road surrounded by cherry blossoms to grasp the laudable humanity at the heart of Kore-eda 's patient , warmhearted worldview .
The nicest movie in theaters right now is ` Our Little Sister . ' That 's not to say it 's not sad or dark or that its characters ca n't be prickly and neurotic .
Kore-eda may have moved away from the adventurous , mysterioso moodiness of early films like `` After Life , '' but the smiles he provokes here -- both with his characters and with us -- are well-earned .
Japanese melodrama Our Little Sister is the rare film that captures the everyday pleasures and anguishes of family life .
Kore-eda 's latest exudes the same sentimental , unhurried tone of `` Still Walking '' and `` Like Father , Like Son , '' and to be sure it 's a simple tale without many surprises . But in his hands , that slightness can feel elemental , timeless .
It 's the way that Koreeda handles such quotidian details and detours of this quartet that makes all the difference .
Seeming to wander through small incidents and mundane busyness , it acquires momentum and dramatic weight through a brilliant kind of narrative stealth .
The movie bestows a forgiving compassion on all its troubled souls , even those of the misbehaving dead .
A delicate , unforced meditation on the bonds of family and the joys and wonders hidden in everyday life , this film is able to move audiences without apparent effort , and that must be experienced firsthand to be appreciated and understood .
Despite fine intentions and four lovely performances from the female leads , Our Little Sister is simply too light to be felt .
-LSB- Our Little Sister 's -RSB- comforting narrative holds few surprises , but builds remarkable emotional power .
Anyone in the mood for two hours -LRB- and change -RRB- of sheer , unadulterated loveliness ... will be amply rewarded .
Nobody could describe the movie as eventful -LRB- and viewers may be surprised to learn that it 's adapted from a graphic novel -RRB- , yet the thrust of Kore-eda 's storytelling , as so often , is that even a quiet life can be a full one .
The film 's reserve softens some of its more piquant observations about tradition and mortality .
A moving and achingly beautiful feast for the soul .
An accessible piece of work by one of the medium 's great masters .
Put simply , Hirokazu Kore-eda has made another one of his films : delicate , heart-tugging , sweet but not cloying , a meandering stream of limpid water under which an eddy of emotions , unsettled pasts and unspoken worries swirl .
Not a huge amount happens yet it is transfixing at times , largely a product of superbly moulded characters , gentle humour , refined performances and a charming devotion to human warmth .
A deeply humane look at the way the shards of a broken family unit can be reconfigured into something warm , positive and functional .
Is it sentimental ? Of course , but never unbearably so thanks to the director 's delicate touch .
As its magical spell takes hold , so the film 's true depths become apparent , each character dealing in their own way with the departure of a parent , and issues of love , loyalty and loss .
It 's a delightful film , excellently acted and charged with undercurrents of familial emotion .
The film 's gentle , empathetic tone might seem a little toothless compared to the peril or conflict of Koreeda 's earlier work , but it 's a warm , embracing joy of a movie to watch .
Hirokazu Koreeda 's Our Little Sister is a gentle , lyrical , beautifully shot story of three sisters who take in their 14-year-old half-sister , and find their past is not what it seemed .
If you 're in the market for a tranquil , meditative holiday but ca n't quite pony up the cost , this surprisingly engaging film will do just as well .
A film that whispers its message , which is nice sometimes .
An intelligent , quiet work from a master filmmaker .
A quietly powerful and absolutely charming drama .
An intimate , warm embrace of a film .
The film is beautifully shot and framed , and the story it tells is universal and immensely appealing .
Our Little Sister is an uneventful , if also overwhelmingly life-affirming , family portrait that once again establishes Koreeda as one of today 's pre-eminent humanist filmmakers .
Kore-ede manages to make every image surface little by little in comedic or dramatic situations that flow into each other naturally . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Highly recomended . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A delicate and femenine family melodrama . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
At a first glance it does n't seem to be any purpose to the film , but this is a tale about family and a dysfunctional one at best . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Koreeda never tries to fool you with a big movie , he just wants to leave you with a discrete and permanent smile on your face . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film never explores the characters issues the way you wpould expect , opening the floor for debate and making the viewing experience much more entertaning . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An honest film , full of affection and one that does n't try to hide the fact that it 's all about showing the emotions of it 's characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hirokazu Koreeda explores masterfully themes like everyday life , and the delicate and fragile families can be . . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The work of a true artist . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Koreeda achieves an intimate and timely film that results in its way of illustrating the history of growth , life , death and the family . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
This movie is more episodic and less plot-driven than his previous work but no less enjoyable . For some , Our Little Sister will be too slow , but anyone who can stick with it will be rewarded .
Kore-eda seems to have bitten off more than he can chew , delivering an uneven and ultimately superficial story of emotional maturation .
Offering up their hard-won home and refusing to let Suzu be saddled with her parents ' baggage , grows more and more breathtaking in retrospect , a quiet act of grace and love that the film provides just the right showcase for .
Slightly hampered by an episodic structure deriving from its source , Our Little Sister is nevertheless a seductive and engrossing celebration of family and community .
Koreeda achieves a film that 's endearing and on point to ilustrate a story about growing up , life , death , and family . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Perfectly pitched and bolstered by four beautiful lead performances , Our Little Sister , with the gentlest of touches , both breaks one 's heart and makes it swoon .
The most subtle comic adaptation you 'll see all year .
A methodically paced , quietly moving experience .
Our Little Sister slowly-but-surely morphs from a passable character study into a seriously -LRB- and aggressively -RRB- interminable cinematic endurance test .
The result is an episodic , generous-spirited , pristinely shot and , quite frankly , somewhat dull effort .
There 's no doubting the film 's commitment to a compassionate understanding of the complexities of the human heart .
Precisely because it 's less emotionally coercive than Kore-eda 's last couple of pictures , it 's even more moving : rather than lunging full-bore for the solar plexus , the truths it 's telling creep up on you .
Kore-Eda 's film is more than the beautifully luminous faces of his actresses , the particular way they move and speak , or the lovely landscapes of Kamakura , even though all of these should be admired .
Hirokazu Kore-eda 's latest fractured-family drama is a graceful yet somewhat emotionally muffled portrait of four siblings .
There is such compositional flair here .

@highlight

Our Little Sister uses the story of one fractured family to offer universal -- and deeply moving -- observations on the human condition .