Lady Bird , is in its own movie making lane , and does it all without missing anything .
Saoirse Ronan is not only finest working actor of her generation , but she elevates everything she 's in . With all the things going for this movie , it makes it even better .
It is a female coming-of-age story that is both nostalgic and unflinching , and it will ensnare you deeply in its grasp .
An endearing film experience that 's profoundly captivating . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The story speckled with humor and emotionally charged moments is the perfect coming of age story for the everyday woman .
There are certain films that strike a personal chord , and Lady Bird is one of those despite the fact that I am both male and Canadian and this is set in Sacramento featuring Saoirse Ronan as the lead .
There 's a mixture of sentimental lightness and the strong contradictions of an unmanageable age that create a substantial , valuable film . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The sweet , charming `` Lady Bird '' is a love letter to the cinema of ambitious adolescents .
-LSB- Greta -RSB- Gerwig 's ability with actors is one of her most striking achievements , and she draws out incredible nuance from her own carefully woven script - full of tonal U-turns and emotional syncopations .
The charm of Lady Bird is not its use of cinematographic language ... but it 's exciting in its portrayal of adolescence and the construction of identity . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
What separates Lady Bird from the pack is the funny , heartfelt way in delves into the relationship between mother and daughter .
Lady Bird might just be the new classic of the comic of age story .
Lady Bird is a labor of love from -LSB- Greta Gerwig -RSB- .
This is gorgeously balanced portraiture that can laugh at its precocious heroine with much affection while tracing her formative journey with the dignity it deserves .
A wry and often understated movie about identity and aspiration that manages to feel fresh , despite familiar beats .
One factor that makes `` Lady Bird '' special is the excellent structuring of the narrative arcs . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gerwig 's writing prowess shines through : the dialogue is butter-smooth and manages to sound clever yet not contrived ... Gerwig seems to take delight in overturning cliches . Her directorial debut brims with emotion and talent .
Lady Bird is one of the most affecting coming-of-age movies in recent memory .
Saoirse Ronan , 23 , has three Oscar nominations already . What have you been doing with your life ?
Lady Bird , above all , wants to be part of something big . And now she is -- she 's the sensational lead character in one of the most winning , witty and wise films of the year .
Just like the protagonist , Lady Bird is awkwardly funny yet bittersweet , making it one of Hollywood 's most original and refreshingly honest films about growing up .
... it is a film that is enjoyed from its commencement . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Actress turned writer-director Greta Gerwig has turned out a funny , engaging picture driven by the twin poles of Christine and Marion -LRB- Metcalf -RRB- .
... a solid debut from a promising new filmmaker .
Lady Bird uses its eponymous protagonist in the construction of one of the most skeptical voices of modern cinematography . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There is no doubt that it has a certain charm . I guess a lot of its appeal lies in its accessibility , its slightly subversive attitude and its hipster aura . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gerwig 's film , which closes with a tribute to Sacramento , ends well and feels sincere . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... beautiful , delicate and precise . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A pleasant and fresh surprise , it reminds me a bit of Juno . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... nice and warm . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Greta -RSB- Gerwig manages to narrate a common experience without falling into the clichés of Hollywood . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... refined , balanced and precise . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The meanest thing we could say about Greta Gerwig 's Lady Bird is that there is n't enough of it . Maybe we 're being greedy . Maybe 93 minutes is the perfect running time . That way , we can be sure we 'll never tire of repeat viewings .
Lady Bird is a charming , graceful and humorous story about growing up in a small town .
By the time the film wraps up , you 'll be filled with a lot of emotion , ranging from nostalgia to relief . Lady Bird is relatable , honest , does n't take itself seriously and features some charming shots of Sacramento .
Lady Bird is a teen movie written by someone who remembers what it was like to be a teen , and one that understands that a character can be difficult without being irredeemable .
Saoirse Ronan turns in her best performance yet in this delightful feel good drama with some very sharp edges .
... it tells a personal story -- which is also full of universal themes -- in its own way , which differentiates it from other coming of age stories . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As played by Saoirse Ronan , Lady Bird is a mixed bag of emotions - hurtling between delight , sorrow , fear and anger , full of abrupt , capricious energy .
A coming of age film for grown-ups , I recommend Lady Bird wholeheartedly .
... an unexpectedly tender coming of age piece .
The densely packed detail which makes this such a luminous work shows Gerwig to be an uncommonly alert filmmaker .
This Irish actress has the ability to turn a simple , straightforward story into something tender , heartwarming and affecting .
The naturalistic depiction of relationships is Gerwig 's evident strength .
One of the finest teen comedies ever . Movie perfection
Lady Bird is an absolute sunrise of a movie , the kind of thing that makes your heart leap and gives you hope , brings you as much joy as your best friend 's wedding , and makes people like me write over elaborate opening sentences to praise it .
One element of the film 's genius is its ability to root us firmly in Lady Bird 's perspective . It does more .
Gerwig 's future career behind the camera is off to a superb start . Though Lady Bird perhaps lacks that genuine streak of eye-catching innovation , what it does it does extremely well .
The story of Lady Bird is accessible to all viewers , perhaps more inclined to the female eye , but one way or another all experience this journey to maturity . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
` Lady Bird ' translates into cinema the crystalline and profound prose of Joan Didion ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... an entertaining , honest and well-achieved film ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This film has achieved some notoriety for the cultural climate that Hollywood is experiencing at this time . If Hollywood wanted to nominate a woman , they could name Eliza Hittman or Kathryn Bigelow . -LRB- Full Review in Reforma newspaper , in Spanish -RRB- .
Restraint ... gives the film its credibility and charm .
Its joyful , forward-rushing narrative rhythm captures the feeling of adolescence ending before it has barely begun .
Unusually perceptive when it comes to matters of class and money , Lady Bird finds its dramatic heart in their testy , affectionate relationship , the most indelibly drawn mother and daughter since Terms of Endearment .
The film is not so much a coming-of-age story ... -LSB- it -RSB- aims for a deeper truth , being that life 's most important lessons come incrementally , in small , touching moments , something Lady Bird comes to appreciate , however reluctantly .
This is strongly-acted throughout but really held together by Ronan .
Not ground-breaking territory , but , as one of the kindly nuns tells -LSB- Lady bird -RSB- , love is all about paying attention .
The fact that it is in so many senses ordinary , although it rebels against its mediocrity , is what makes Lady Bird work above other films about teenagers . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Lady Bird 's depiction of the intense and difficult relationship between a commonsense mother and her whimsical daughter is pitch perfect in its mix of love , disappointment and resentment .
As teen movies go , it 's supremely sophisticated , capturing and crystallising that moment in adolescence when it seems that life is at last about to start and the only place you want to be is elsewhere .
... an intimate display of such a deep and true relationship between a mother and her daughter ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Goes without saying this is already a lock for one of the best movies of 2018 .
While there is an acute authorial intelligence informing the transitions between scenes , the steady trot of clipped vignettes comes to seem monotonous and somewhat evasive , a way to move along before anything too hard and hurtful happens .
Like many wonderful actresses with a gift for words -LRB- think Julie Delpy , Sarah Polley and Lake Bell -RRB- Gerwig has slipped behind the camera to create something quietly political .
A terrific , joyous film .
It 's remarkable how heartfelt each and every moment feels , without the film once descending into sentimentality .
Lady Bird could still become bogged down in the dreary familiarity of its setting were it not for a sharp script by Gerwig and a terrifically likeable lead performance by Ronan .
Gerwig 's deft handling of script , camera and actors is all the more impressive given that this is her first film as solo director .
Just like its title character , Lady Bird is quirky and sentimental but despite best attempts , never really defines itself into anything meaningful .
This is a coming-of-age story that 's affecting without ever being sentimental , and feels absolutely true -- like remembering the teenager you once were , even if you were never a Lady Bird -LRB- or Debee -RRB- exactly . A rare bird indeed .
The results borrow freely from French New Wave , American teen drama , and more - but the great triumph of Lady Bird is that it remains in Gerwig 's voice : it 's fresh , funny , and lastingly poignant .
It is both painfully honest and laugh-out-loud funny at the same time .
A gloriously funny and wistfully autobiographical coming-of-age comedy .
If Gerwig is capable of all this in her first solo feature , who knows what feats of woodwork she 'll craft for us next .
First time writer-director Greta Gerwig , an experienced actor , is attuned to the mix of munificence and selfishness that makes up the adolescent heart .
Writer-director Gerwig manages brilliantly the delicate feat of portraying the vulnerabilities and eccentricities of the townsfolk without patronising them .
Almost everything here bespeaks Gerwig , including the cast 's tendency to act one line or dramatic moment with breezy brio , as if already on the run to the next . Very GG .
The script is fantastic - smart , witty , revealing , precise , and concise ... Ronan is staggeringly charming and appealing , even when Lady Bird is not ... I could have watched it for days .
Lady Bird is an absolute charmer of a movie . We genuinely care about this lovely , rebellious girl and we want her to be happy .
It 's almost too hard to write about Lady Bird precisely because it 's so brilliant that no words could possibly capture its spirit and convey why this film absolutely has to be seen , and loved .
Lady Bird is a gem . File this one next to Juno , Edge of Seventeen , and The Way Way Back , and not too far away from your favourite John Hughes movie .
Lady Bird ... feels like a watershed moment for female audiences in general , offering mothers a working , warts-and-all screen version of themselves that they actually recognise .
Gerwig may well have just directed a film better than any one she 's starred in - and her back catalogue is hardly poor .
A sure-footed , semi-autobiographical coming-of-age charmer told with a generous spirit and an acute understanding of human nature .
Smart , funny and emotional , Lady Bird is a Trojan horse movie - sneaking its way into hearts and minds via well-worn tropes .
A coming-of-age story like no other , Lady Bird is smart , emotional , funny and completely original . Rarely has a directorial debut been so assured , so singular and so heartwarmingly affecting .
Gerwig 's film moves beyond a traditional coming-of-age ` lessons learned ' conclusion , into rather a moving portrait of the intimate ties we have with place .
Lady Bird asks the cinematic question , `` How baller can one movie be ? '' And then it answers it emphatically : `` Very baller . ''
Beautiful coming of age story .
evokes a shared sense of adolescent turmoil that is neither melodramatic nor condescending , but rather perfectly pitched at a recognizable human level that allows virtually anyone to identify and empathize with the travails of its protagonist
Its brushstrokes are light , and it never overextends - or extends , really . Its energies are almost wholly inward-directed .
It is an unfortunate game in which a film seeks its identity while chasing a ghostly character who in turn seeks her own personality . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Laurie Metcalf steals the film from Saoirse Ronan , in a subtle piece of acting so raw and genuine it hurts . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Charming , funny and authentic , ` Lady Bird ' is an impressive outing by Greta Gerwig in the director 's chair . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There is something sweet and quirky about Greta Gerwig 's semi-autobiographical coming of age story , Lady Bird . It has a lovely lilt about it : an effortless flow of character-driven action that amuses and endears .
With writing and direction this smart , Lady Bird is a joy to watch .
One of the most delicate and intelligent films of 2017 . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A really honest , real depiction of what it 's like growing up .
Saoirse Ronan is a threat to win a statue everytime she 's on screen and her performance in -LSB- Lady Bird -RSB- is just another step .
... Lady Bird is a great entry in what 's a tricky genre ...
Specific yet always relatable , Gerwig stitches it all together like she 's borrowing from shared memories .
` I guess I pay attention , ' says Lady Bird , explaining the loving detail found in one of her essays ; from the evidence here , Gerwig does , too .
Lady Bird hits the mark of the American teen movie while quietly reaching toward literary effect -LSB- including -RSB- a set of sequences of driving in Sacramento -LSB- that -RSB- fall into place with the weight of a two-story house .
Saiorse Ronan delivers a stellar performance , with Laurie Metcalf as her put-upon mom , and both will likely score Oscar noms along with this instant-classic movie overall .
It 's that sense that Christine is still a work in progress that makes Lady Bird such an fascinating watch with enough intrigue to make a sequel viable .
Gerwig is traveling backwards as a writer from Frances Ha to Mistress America to Lady Bird . That trilogy of films is , dare I say , even better than Francois Truffaut 's collected Adventures of Antoine Doinel .
Gerwig 's movie does n't say much new about growing up cool with parents who are n't . But it says plenty about Gerwig 's talent , another channel for a distinctive voice of her generation .
Metcalf gives a prickly and heartbreaking performance , and she 's not the only one supplied with grace notes : Almost every character gets one or another .
Yet while -LSB- Greta -RSB- Gerwig does n't exactly reinvent the coming-of-age genre , she packs it with great scenes , dialogue and performances
For a film that dwells in the past , Gerwig avoids banal sentimentality , instead offering us something excitingly present and ephemeral .
There are more funny lines in Lady Bird 's first five minutes than in most films .
A tidy 90 minutes that I wanted never to end .
Ronan , well on her way to being one of the greatest film actresses of the 21st century , is the movie 's second-biggest asset after Gerwig herself , followed closely by Metcalf in perhaps the role of her career .
It 's easily one of the freshest , sharpest and most enjoyable films of this year .
` Lady Bird ' is as edgy and funny as growing up .
Lady Bird is a brilliant little movie that deals with ideas both big and small . But , most powerful is the relationship between Lady Bird and Marion . It is harsh and funny and sometimes hard to watch . But it is undeniably and eternally there .
Though Gerwig 's talents as a writer-director shine , it 's the casting of Ronan in the lead that makes `` Lady Bird '' such a memorable work . The layers she gives the character will make the performance go down as one of the best high school characters ever .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- I suspect that many audiences who return to `` Lady Bird '' will be disappointed as to how the movie stands up . It 's a much worse movie the second time around , I promise you .
The acting in this movie is really good , especially by Laurie Metcalf , who gives an exceptional performance . It is the film 's political metaphor , however , that really lifts it above the standard coming of age movie .
... taps into passion and fear on the edge of innocence .
A fantastic , female-centric , instant classic reminiscent of both Juno -LRB- 2007 -RRB- and Bridesmaids -LRB- 2011 -RRB- .
This is a coming-of-age story like no other thanks to the insightful writing and brisk directorial style of Gerwig , who makes Lady Bird 's story a consistently surprising one .
If you ca n't relate to this movie , you probably somehow went from childhood right into adulthood , completely skipping over adolescence .
A charming but mild comedy defined by a nice performance from Laurie Metcalf as Lady Bird 's mother Marion and a handful of appreciably relatable millennial moments .
It 's all relatable and arresting to watch unfold , with a heartwarming closing shot that will make you want to call your Mama and tell her you love her
For all we know , an authentic look at high-school life focusing on the myriad talents of Saoirse Ronan -LRB- her first name rhymes with `` inertia '' -RRB- .
Saoirse Ronan is one of the brightest stars of her generation , able to switch from ebullient to tormented , confident to awkward in an instant and never uttering a false note .
A completely pleasant movie , in a low-stakes , low-key way .
Ronan 's chemistry with her castmates is always first rate , but her work here with Metcalf is particularly sharp .
There 's nothing new story-wise where Greta Gerwig 's directorial debut `` Lady Bird '' is concerned , yet the magic of the film is that somehow it seems that we are seeing it , if not for the first time , with a sense of discovery .
The characters may be messy , but Gerwig 's writing and direction are elegantly precise . One of the best ensemble casts of the year .
First-time director Greta Gerwig has created a film that 's heartfelt , sometimes heartbreaking and a sure Oscar contender .
The key to Lady Bird is that Marion is never painted as an ogre . Her toughness is played for comic effect : as an understandable character flaw born of her genuinely meaning well .
Gerwig finds a warmer part of herself when , unencumbered by any lab partner , she returns to her hometown with Lady Bird . One can only hope that , this time , she stays .
A dramedy that will appeal to all women who have experienced large doses of love and pain in their relationships with difficult mothers .
A heartfelt coming-of-age story that perfectly captures the bittersweet transition from adolescence to dawning adulthood ...
While Gerwig has assembled an extraordinary ensemble cast . Ronan has to rate as first among equals .
Saoirse Ronan gives a standout , brilliant performance and so does Laurie Metcalf as her long-suffering , big-hearted mother . It 's a remarkable solo directorial debut from Greta Gerwig .
Just as carefreeness requires effort , so `` growing up '' never ends .
Lady Bird 's unvarnished , unglamorized high-school drama has the quirky humor one expects from Gerwig ... Ultimately , it 's a mother-daughter love story , replete with the tribulations of painful individuation .
A specific story with universal , emotional resonance , Lady Bird shows us the fruits of paying attention .
... a deeply funny film that still manages to grapple with some heady emotional territory .
Lady Bird may fall short of being one of the all-time great high school movies , but Saoirse Ronan makes it enthralling at all times .
This is a gorgeous movie made by a gorgeous spirit .
The affection with which she portrays her hometown on screen , coupled with the impatience of her youthful alter-ego , imbues much of Lady Bird with a refreshing ring of truth .
The message of Gerwig 's Lady Bird changes depending on which side of motherhood you sit .
What Gerwig has done is skillfully create a world where her characters can fully develop .
Greta Gerwig 's official directorial debut will make you laugh and then steal your heart .
The movie is wonderful and true , an act of love in all its contradictions and complexity .
Greta Gerwig has crafted an effectively empathetic coming-of-age story , filled with sassy , bittersweet anguish .
Greta Gerwig makes a winning directorial debut with a funny and very human comedy that happens to have Oscar-caliber performances from Saoirse Ronan and Laurie Metcalf .
-LSB- A -RSB- hysterical love letter to home , high school , and the history of ourselves .
This is our story , as comfortable as an old pair of worn-out leather slippers . Step in and relive your own personal journey .
We are doomed to like this movie .
Lady Bird is smoothly tender and will speak to everyone everywhere , in unexpectedly sweet and cutely funny ways , if you give it a chance to do so - which I hope you do .
`` Lady Bird '' is such a beautiful , genuine creation , launching Gerwig 's directorial career on a blindingly bright note , promising sharp , searching humanist efforts to come .
What 's remarkable about the film is that it takes a story and related subject matter that we 've seen countless times before and makes it all feels fresh and interesting . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity , Sex , etc. - also Available -RRB-
It 's rare to see a relationship between two complicated women portrayed with such care and empathy .
Between Ronan 's performance , Gerwig 's wit and a story that finishes in a place that feels more satisfying than you might expect , Lady Bird adds up to a journey that encounters plenty of potholes but arrives intact .
Lady Bird is an enjoyable film , with a honest heart about it .
Lady Bird makes for a delightful coming of age comedy/drama , fueled by Gerwig 's inspired direction and Saoirse Ronan 's charming performance .
Lady Bird 's center is the relationship between Christine and her mother , and Metcalf 's performance is a knockout .
Saoirse Ronan ... is perfect for the role of the rebellious girl who dreams of more , but does not want to completely destroy the hearts of her parents . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As she does as an actress , Gerwig the director articulates every delicate , emotional nuance . For a debut feature film , it is a triumph .
Lady Bird manages to feel like a lover letter to home without being cloyingly sweet
Coming-of-age movies can often feel as ubiquitous as superhero films , yet Lady Bird turns out to be one of those special efforts that manages to leapfrog over the competition with a single bound .
Gerwig packs an impressive amount of relatable teen angst into just 93 minutes , all while maintaining a sharp sense of humor and an authentic voice . There 's not an ounce of contrivance .
It produces a rare match made for mother/daughter movie heaven , and Gerwig and her gifted girls just about get us there .
As much as I love Gerwig 's sunny , grounded presence as a screen actor , her assured solo directorial debut demonstrates why we need women to get behind the camera .
Lady Bird , in a year without a clear front-runner , could take flight and usher in the kind of impactful changes in the film industry we 've been dreaming of and whispering about for the last decade .
Christine/Lady Bird is easy enough to root for , even when missteps are made .
... an astute , clever , often funny , and poignant portrait of the teenage transition to adulthood .
Happily engaging and marked by Ronan 's wit and vulnerability , Lady Bird introduces us to a young woman who 's taking small and large steps on one of life 's more exciting journeys : discovering herself .
If Gerwig 's cinematic brand is going to be tenderness , feminism , spiky humor , and empathy , count me in .
`` Lady Bird '' is a wise and funny film about a teenage girl 's coming of age . But it 's just as wise and funny about being the parents of that teenage girl .
... an astonishingly assured first film from Gerwig ...
The best films of this genre always show a path and provide a takeaway for being a better person . Lady Bird does just that .
`` Lady Bird '' is a deeply accomplished debut , as much a love letter to Gerwig 's hometown as it is to awkward adolescence . It flies .
The recent past is a harder sell , given its freshness in living memory , and Greta Gerwig pulls off an even more difficult trick : depicting her own millennial adolescence in the sun-bleached Sacramento Valley of the early aughties .
A coming-of-age film that stands head and shoulders above most in that popular genre ... smart , incisive and emotionally satisfying ,
With a delightful lead performance from Ronan and a breezy script built on universal themes , it effortlessly takes wing to become an embraceable exploration of growing up .
Everyone will be guaranteed some adoration for Lady Bird , who has made all the romantic and social mistakes you expect a young girl to make while ravenous for distinction but has learned from them all on the way to a thoroughly unpredictable womanhood .
The good news is that the film does n't fall off from the standard it sets in opening .
What 's most delightful about Lady Bird is that Gerwig brings an unabashedly earnest point of view to Lady Bird 's sometimes rocky road to adulthood . The hipster cynicism is gone , and the sincerity shines through .
We do n't have a whole lot of honest , funny and good coming-of-age stories with strong female leads . Lady Bird is timely in that need , but its themes are timeless . It 's one of the funniest and best films of the year .
Lots of movies are set to be popping up in multiplexes , but few as wonderful as `` Lady Bird . ''
Lady Bird is easily one of the year 's best ways to spend your time and money at the movies . It bounces by at 93 minutes and maintains a shoulder-shrugging tone that makes its truths land all the more powerfully .
`` Lady Bird '' is the kind of indie film like such recent hits `` Moonlight '' or `` Boyhood '' that possess mainstream crossover and critical appeal .
It 's also funny , very real and fast-moving .
One of the best movies about adolescence to come along in years .
The movie is a coming-of-age tale , but it 's also a story of loving , warring mother and daughter at the point of separation , presented by Gerwig with great affection and skill , to hilarious , and moving effect .
Lady Bird is only beginning to mature by the time the movie ends , but as a filmmaker , Gerwig proves that she 's already there .
Just when we thought the stale `` coming-of-age '' film was on a precipitous slide , along comes the most unlikely of lifelines .
Lady Bird ' is a fresh and sincere feature , a wonderful and compassionate coming-of-age story that is funny , observant and endearing .
The ordinary has become special thanks to the vision of these three women .
I 'm not sure there 's a single unsuccessful moment in this entire film . This was the movie that reminded me how much I can still love a movie .
... in the writing-directing debut of actress-turned-filmmaker Greta Gerwig , with Ronan and a carefully chosen cast of characters , the time-worn genre twinkles like new .
Gerwig 's screenplay reflects sincerity and compassion in its depiction of a young woman striving for independence while balancing adolescent obligations .
Lady Bird will stay with you long after the credits roll , helping it to become one of the definitive coming-of-age movies of our time .
... `` Lady Bird '' is a nearly perfect film-perhaps of the funniest and most endearing coming-of-age film to come along since `` Rushmore .
It 's funny , sad , witty , observant and captivating .
This generous comedy , with its focus on a girl 's life , is better than the kind of films they do n't make anymore . It 's the low-budget , high-incandescence movie we 're all told it 's impossible to make today .
A striking directorial debut by Greta Gerwig , this tender , semi-autobiographical love letter to Gerwig 's hometown explores the gulf between childhood and adulthood with touching , witty humor .
Lady Bird is n't a teen romance . It 's the love story between a girl and her mother , who loves so fiercely it 's scary .
The film is a dazzling collaboration between two of the most impressive art-house actresses of the past decade .
... I love this movie , and it 's hard not to believe that general audience who head to the theatre to give it a look will not end up feeling exactly the same .
Lady Bird understands late adolescence as the endless accumulations of tiny humiliations and a deep , unutterable yearning for escape .
Lady Bird may sound slight , but it offers an eloquent , fresh voice from a thoroughly accomplished film-maker .
The delightful and insightful Lady Bird achieves flight in its own unique way , just like the aerodynamically unorthodox ladybug the title tips to .
There 's a lot of truth in Gerwig 's film ... and there 's also a sense of searching for that truth ...
... has a genuine love for its characters ' foibles , which it rightly regards as clumsy attempts at self-expression .
Lady Bird is a coming-of-age story distinguished by a great script and a perfect cast .
Lady Bird will definitely hold your attention .
This is a small , humorous movie in some ways , but it has a huge heart . What a nice experience .
Highlighted by an awards-worthy performance by Saoirse Ronan and structured around a light , witty script by Gerwig , the movie delivers a well-targeted snapshot of a year-in-the-life of an ordinary high school senior .
It 's unique and original and fresh and wonderful , and can you tell I loved it ?
Saoirse Ronan plays Lady Bird as if she 'd been following writer-director Greta Gerwig around all her life - mannerisms and liberated worldview fully internalized .
-LSB- Saoirse Ronan and Laurie Metcalf 's -RSB- verbal battles are hilarious , their stalemates wrenching , their tender moments intoxicating .
Greta Gerwig proves that she is her own muse
It 's a great movie .
An emotional feast full of humor and pathos about the audacity , the wonder , the horror that is female adolescence . Beautiful , bittersweet , and very generous .
As soon as it was over , I wanted to watch it again .
In Ronan 's marvelous performance , tough and transparent at the same time , we can see the blurred outlines of the equally assured filmmaker behind her .
`` Lady Bird '' is a triumph of style , sensibility and spirit . The girl at its center may not be a heavyweight , but her movie is epic .
I love it . If a more enchanted movie comes along this year , I 'll be surprised .
This is simply beautiful work .
The film soars because it scans as real , each character someone who might very well live next door , struggling with everyday issues - family , sex , love , money , status , expectation , and disappointment .
As an actor , Gerwig has shown an enchantingly light touch ; she brings that to her work as director , as `` Lady Bird '' skims along happily , showing us moments both crucial and trivial in a teenage girl 's life .
Smartly refreshes the rebellious teen girl movie ... in a sympathetic way that could appeal to teens and mothers .
Greta Gerwig has reclaimed the narrative around virginity - and it 's all the better for it .
One of this year 's prized films .
Greta Gerwig 's coming-of-age film is deft , joyous , and imaginatively sympathetic
Gerwig 's stuffed a lot of story into her 93 minute comedy , yet it never feels overpacked nor have any of her cast been given short shrift , a remarkable achievement .
Gerwig the actress skillfully pivots between the wacky and the poignant , so it 's no surprise that Gerwig the auteur so delicately balances hilarity and heartbreak .
Lady Bird is a sensible tribute to the spirit of Claudia Alta Taylor Johnson ... The film 's conflicts are surprisingly touching .
Lady Bird is , instead , episodic and rambling , a ruminative look back at a crucial , defining period in its creator 's life .
Gerwig understands the pains and the humorous discomforts of growing up so acutely that Lady Bird feels like it was made just for you .
Witty and wise , hopeful and heartbreaking .
There 's an easy yet unnerving authenticity in Lady Bird , making it feel like a welcoming yet soul-baring memoir .
A finely wrought , deeply felt mash note to Gerwig 's hometown of Sacramento , and the rare film about teenage life that puts equal weight on the dark , sad and tough parts , as it does on the joyous , raucous , euphoric moments .
It hit me unexpectedly-like a snowball between the eyes .
Lady Bird is a masterpiece . Affecting , emotional , funny , painful . It 'll make you feel things and transport you to a time you thought you 'd gotten over .
The movie is best when it undercuts its own seriousness , as when Lady Bird proclaims , `` I want to be the best version of who I can be , '' and then follows up with , `` What if this is the best version ? ''
It is n't every day you see a film so attuned to the outsized drama of adolescent life . The film is bursting with life and rich in observations both large and small . Kudos to Gerwig and all of her collaborators
Greta Gerwig , the accomplished actress and writer , crafts a suburban coming-of-age story in `` Lady Bird , '' her directorial debut ...
-LSB- Gerwig 's -RSB- first solo flight as a director and writer is beautifully confident in its rhythm and mood , the script whip-sawing from humor to earnest emotion to raw pain and back .
Lady Bird is n't just the sort of film that makes any day better , but it suggests that Gerwig has a cinematic voice unlike any other , and that , even at 23 , Ronan really has what it takes to blossom into one of the finest actresses of her generation .
There 's little that 's particularly unique about Ronan 's title character or her various relatives , friends and lovers , but a vibrant realism makes them and everything about this movie remarkable - and kind of exhilarating .
Lady Bird finds fresh purchase in well-trodden territory by observing the human carnival from a girl 's point of view .
Formulaic , but luminous .
Most memorably , in a movie that 's memorable in just about every regard , there 's a compact sex scene that illuminates a whole interior world of desire and values .
It may be about the selfishness and growing pains of its confused and embattled heroine , but it 's made from the perspective of an artist who sees the world more clearly now than she did then .
It 's funny , lively , and then devastating when it needs to be , made with the kind of confidence even its heroine could only dream of .
Left to her own devices , Gerwig has arrived and solidified her place as one of the most invigorating , observant and authentic voices in movies today with a director 's acumen to match .
... Gerwig is by far one of the most talented filmmakers working today , both onscreen and behind the camera , confident and winsome in a way nearly unparalleled by her contemporaries .
The poignancy of Lady Bird can be traced , yes , to its honest portrayal of growing up .
... the dialogue in `` Lady Bird '' is consistently and honestly funny and cliché-free .
One of the better solo directing debuts by an actor in recent memory .
The loosely autobiographical Lady Bird is actress-writer Greta Gerwig 's solo directorial debut , and it feels like the fullest realization so far of her already-patented brand of gangly bittersweet whimsy .
It turns out that Lady Bird is the mother 's coming-of-age too , and no maternal dynamic could be more refreshing in cinema .
Lady Bird is both generous and joyous , but when it stings , it stings deep .
A small , gentle charmer about what life 's like for a teenager who knows she 's far more interesting than the town she lives in .
Unlike the rest of us , Greta Gerwig had a high-school senior year that makes a picture-perfect debut as a writer-director .
Greta Gerwig is spreading her wings as a filmmaker - and she soars with `` Lady Bird . ''
As warm as it is smart - and it is very smart - `` Lady Bird '' marks actor/screenwriter Greta Gerwig 's superb debut as a solo director and yet another astonishing performance by star Saoirse Ronan .
Once you 've seen it-even while you 're watching it , with a grin stuck on your face-you want to give thanks for how wonderful it is , how wise and funny and full of grace .
One of the best films of the year . In telling her own coming of age story , Gerwig proves herself a blazing talent and Ronan and Metcalf should have Oscar calling . Totally irresistible .
Gerwig and Ronan make their heroine as finely tuned as an antenna , always quivering with signals about the new selves she might momentarily try on .
Greta Gerwig 's sweetheart of a coming of age movie is warm , witty and pretty darn wonderful .
An affecting encapsulation of the joys , sorrows and narrow-mindedness of youth , painted with brush-strokes both harsh and tender .
Perfectly exemplifies Gerwig 's filmmaking voice , even if it 's her fist film as director .
If you pay the right kind of attention to `` Lady Bird '' - absorbing its riffs and digressions as well as its melodies , its choral passages along with its solos and duets - you will almost certainly love it . It 's hard not to .
-LSB- Saorise -RSB- Ronan 's accent is American , but there 's Irish in her rhythms , in the way she drives her lines home and turns every full stop into an ellipsis , a fierce demand for more .
Lady Bird is an angsty coming-of-age tale set in 2002 that feels remarkably and delightfully fresh .
Lady Bird is a perfect coming-of-age comedy for anyone who 's ever had teenage wanderlust , fought with their parents , fostered a love-hate tension with their hometown or popped Communion wafers in secret .
-LSB- Lady Bird -RSB- is a shrewd , warm , witty coming-of-age movie .
As writer and director , Greta Gerwig infuses this comedic coming-of-age drama with verbal virtuosity , gestural idiosyncrasy , and emotional vitality .
In Greta Gerwig 's directorial debut she 's landed on something great , a film that takes on something we 've all seen before but in such a complex way that it feels entirely new again .
Gerwig 's directorial debut is a joy from start to finish , a warm , generous snapshot of teenage vulnerability and exuberance .
While there 's comfort in the tropes we 've come to recognize , what makes Lady Bird special are the touches that are uniquely Gerwig 's .
Gerwig 's film feels like a memoir about the end of adolescence , each and every scene seeming to hint at an important moment that might have happened in her life .
Lady Bird is the rare teen movie that vindicates the world 's exasperating moms .
An absolute delight .
A film of tenderness and wit , Lady Bird astutely captures the nature of the internecine warfare that habitually exists between girls in late adolescence and their mothers .
A hilarious and heartwarming experience .
It 's as if Gerwig was retroactively auditioning for the school talent show , exorcising necessary demons in the process , and remembering the details with acute attention .
Lady Bird is nothing short of tremendous , a wise film about how two people deal with ambivalence .
Vibrant and whimsical , `` Lady Bird '' is a hypnotic , absorbing feat , that seems destined to become a classic .
Gerwig proves that in addition to being a wonderful actor and screenwriter , she is also emerging as one of the sharpest cinematic voices of her generation .
A uniquely American comedy , Greta Gerwig 's Lady Bird is testy , humane , and firmly rooted in its time and place .
-LSB- It jumps -RSB- to the head of the class of teen comedies ... This movie has moxie .
A miserabilist story about the horror of adolescence that is obviously helmed by a first-timer , Lady Bird is redeemed by a cast so sterling that I actually wished the film were longer . It 's that kind of movie .
-LSB- Greta -RSB- Gerwig deftly compresses her story into montage-like bursts of narrative that never seem superficially stylish , but convey novelistic depths of emotional detail .
Gerwig has proven that she 's equally adept behind the camera , allowing her personal experiences to inform this upbeat , charming coming-of-age comedy .
Alternately lively and thoughtful , Lady Bird is the work of someone looking back critically on a frantic period in her own life .
Greta Gerwig 's directorial debut is something special and proves that Gerwig is not only a talent in front of the camera but behind one as well . In a sea of coming of age movies , Lady Bird stands out as a truly fantastic film .
In Lady Bird , Gerwig cares about her characters enough to treat them with respect when they deserve it and to kindly skewer them when they deserve that .
What a joy , then , to discover that -LSB- Greta Gerwig -RSB- is equally capable at flooding a film with twisted livewire complexity .
A lovingly observed , pitch perfect coming-of-age comedy , Gerwig 's warm , astute account of the end of adolescence is a stunning solo debut .
The obvious honesty of the director makes this seemingly ordinary anecdote become something close to the spectator . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Refreshingly honest , funny , and sharp .
Lady Bird is one of the greatest debuts in recent years , and it marks an incredibly auspicious start to Gerwig 's potential career behind the camera .
There 's no messing around here , Gerwig is a terrific talent on screen and on the page , and now we 've got proof that as a director she 's taken it up to a whole other notch .
There are no fireworks or twists or unnecessary frills here , nor should there be - this is simply perfect filmmaking from a voice that demands to be heard .
Lady Bird will surely go down as one of the year 's best films , but Greta Gerwig 's feature is also a contender for having some of the strongest insightabout the winding path of adolescence this decade .
Lady Bird is something truly special : a coming-of-age comedy so funny , perceptive , and truthful that it makes most other films about adolescence look like little more than lessons in cliché .
Lady Bird is a film bursting with warmth , wit and melancholy that manages to seem fresh and unexpected despite the overly stacked nature of the subgenre .
This is a resoundingly modern , assuredly female-voiced comedy that portends more great things to come from Gerwig behind the camera .
Exuding sunny optimism , sassy wit and sheer joie de vivre , Lady Bird could be the perfect antidote to these angst-ridden times .
Snappy , spirited and shot through with the pangs and pleasures of leaving childhood behind , Lady Bird is a sharp-witted solo first feature by actress and now writer-director Greta Gerwig .
`` Lady Bird '' consolidates the style and sensibility of a generation caught between the last gasp of the 20th century and post-9 / 11 disillusionment like nothing else before .
The kind of modest , miraculous low-budget gem that takes on a life of its own .
This is a coming of age storyline that you 've seen in one form or another for decades . It takes a truly unique voice to make yet another one worth watching . Ladies and gentleman please welcome to the stage Greta Gerwig and `` Lady Bird . ''
A sweet , deeply personal portrayal of female adolescence that 's more attuned to the bonds between best girlfriends than casual flings with boys , writer-director Greta Gerwig 's beautiful Lady Bird flutters with the attractively loose rhythms of youth .


@highlight

Lady Bird delivers fresh insights about the turmoil of adolescence -- and reveals writer-director Greta Gerwig as a fully formed filmmaking talent .