Good performances almost make it worthwhile .
I just expected a lot more in the end , and really just did n't get it with a routine script , bland plot , and an ending that was too sudden to be accepted .
Mirren passes through entire scenes without a word , not needing to speak , as every feeling is writ large across her beautifully expressive face .
It 's pretty bland , even though the trailer would lead you to believe otherwise .
... a very good thriller that could 've -LRB- and should 've -RRB- been a great one ...
-LSB- Mirren , Redford , and Dafoe -RSB- can not get a fire going in this cliché-soggy kindling .
Lo que mantiene el interés es el cada vez más impredecible comportamiento de la esposa , animada además por una estupenda Helen Mirren -LRB- la mejor intérprete de la película -RRB- .
Há dois bons filmes em Refém de uma Vida , mas estes se enfraquecem mutuamente em função da estrutura narrativa adotada pelo cineasta .
The first 10 minutes are promising , but then the film , a wannabe thriller , loses steam
... may not be the most exciting or well-focused drama of the year , but it manages to engage our intellect most of the time and keep us guessing well up to the end .
A haunting film about the evil that men do .
European sensibility controls The Clearing , a fact that might frustrate American moviegoers who arrive expecting something more flashy .
The Clearing is what it sounds like : stripped of ornamentation , undeluded about its subjects , lucid about the limits of human behavior .
Talky and mawkish .
A thriller stripped of thrills -- or , even worse , a thriller that thinks of itself as somehow rising above the vulgar pleasures of excitement .
What should make for a taut , suspenseful thriller drowns in an ocean of verbiage .
-LSB- I -RSB- t remains a mystery why anyone thought that this was a story that needed to be told , or who they thought would be engaged by the problems of these bland , distant people .
There 's no urgency in the execution and no point to the resolution -- all in all , a major disappointment for those seeking cinematic sanctuary .
By the time The Clearing was over , my single greatest feeling was : Why did anyone want to make this movie ?
Man , are n't WASPs boring ? The movie 's simply not deep enough to be an art film , and nowhere near entertaining enough to pass itself off as a satisfying thriller .
An enterprising but ultimately unsatisfying exercise that promises quite a lot , but delivers very little .
Though performed impeccably by everyone involved , the film 's wall of conceit makes for neither a gripping nor suspenseful viewing .
A mature , character-based film in which kidnapping is the story , but the people are the substance .
Despite strong intentions and even stronger performances , The Clearing 's shallow narrative fails to delve deeply into either of its commendable themes .
The pacing here might be perceived as too slow by audiences expecting something different , but it 's quietly effective .
Unfortunately , suffering in silence -- even when you 're doing it as marvelously as Mirren does -- does n't make for terribly exciting cinema .
... the dullest kidnapping-for-ransom drama ever conceived
The Clearing deftly blends three great performances and an intricate character study into a quietly powerful film .
A poorly paced kidnapping drama that seems to think it 's so prestigious that it does n't need to generate much suspense .
The Clearing , rather fuzzy in so many ways , is an incredibly slow-moving exercise in tedium .
Brugge has built a character-driven piece that is as sturdy as it spare .
Do n't go in expecting a thriller and you might be happily surprised ...
Well acted , with an accumulative sense of novelistic detail , but it does n't quite fully connect .
Robert Redford brings to the screen a perfect couple , Wayne and Eileen Hayes .
The audience ends up identifying with the privileged wine-drinker -LRB- Reford -RRB- and rooting against the underclass cereal-eater -LRB- Dafoe -RRB- ...
The easy give-and-take between Redford and Mirren early in the film is flawlessly realistic , but even that could n't stem the tide of this reviewer 's yawns .
A great cast consisting of Robert Redford , Helen Mirren and Willem Dafoe .
The whole enterprise is too low-key , too diffident to really make an impression .
An intriguing but dramatically stunted psychological thriller about a kidnapping .
They all look good , and they carefully recite their dialogue , but not one of them is alive . Or worth caring about .
Haythe 's script suffers from what I like to call ` Apollo 13 Syndrome ' : It 's great when it focuses on the major crisis , but not so hot when it shifts to the people on the ground .
Everything about it is stultifying , unexceptional and dull .
It 's watchable only if you do n't mind that there is n't a shock , a surprise or a message in its 91 minutes .
A kidnapping drama that may be too intentionally low-key to qualify as a thriller but that accrues weight and tension as it makes its way through a forest of repressed emotion .
Brugge bobbles the attempt to tell two stories -- the marital-discontent one and the crime drama -- at once .
Director Pieter Jan Brugge hands us another heavy-handed drama about the failed American dream .
Redford and Dafoe have all the fun , but Mirren exhibits the most talent .
The Clearing ? It 's more like The Obscuring .
The film is written , directed and enacted with palpable intelligence . But intelligence can seem dull if unleavened by wit or excitement .
What had been an intelligent and intriguing thriller loses its bearing , its momentum and , eventually , its audience .
The lack of a much-needed nail-biting climax relegates The Clearing to the status of an interestingly cast So What .
Competent , but not brilliant , kinapping tale has a great cast
A motley mix of a film - police procedural , violent thriller , and suburban marital angst - that ends up being less than the sum of its parts .
Strives to be more than just a predictable , by-the-numbers kidnapping drama , but that , ultimately , is all that it ends up being .
Some nice writing and a commitment to craftsmanship are evident , but the voltage here is simply too low to engage us .
An exercise in excellent acting and little else .
Though not altogether successful , it 's a commendable first effort that should be of interest to fans of these great film actors .
The Clearing needed the firm hand of a Hollywood insubordinate , not a sycophant .
Although I liked/respected it in on some level , for sheer entertainment value it 's lacking . Wait to rent it .
The Clearing delves into deeper issues of failed ambitions and lost hopes than the simple survival plotlines of most thrillers ...
One of those movies that inspires a , ` what were they thinking ? ' response .
The acting was very effective ...
There is not just chemistry between Redford and Mirren , but a palpable tenderness , passion , and the kind of comfortable amiability that comes with the passage of years .
We are lured into the woods brimming with expectations , but ultimately , we find ourselves looking for the wrong sort of clearing : a way out .
It stays in character , small , human , bitter and sad .
This is one of those moderately engrossing movies that seems to collapse all at once during the wrap-up , yet it 's well-acted all around , especially by its star , who once again reminds us why audiences have liked him for 40 years .
This anti-thriller radiates dread rather than suspense ; it delivers creeping apprehension rather than adrenaline-pumping kicks , and the uniformly strong and finely calibrated performances more than compensate for the absence of technical razzle-dazzle .
You want to see this one for the acting .
It 's still worth a look , for the pleasures of Mirren 's peerlessly dry performance .
The brilliance of The Clearing lies in its ability to tell parallel stories and make both equally riveting .
Good actors can do much , but they ca n't save a boring movie from itself .
After a taut and involving beginning , it gradually degenerates into an awkward and unconvincing blend of character study , marital drama , and kidnapping thriller .
Tension actually lessens , as it becomes increasingly clear that the movie is not intended to be tense or exciting .
A movie like this does n't need excellent taste . It needs sweaty desperation , and bitter recriminations .
Eileen 's emotional and moral difficulties , even including her too melodramatic visit with the mistress , pulse with a kind of believable pain .
It all adds up to an acute character study -- but as a thriller , it 's too cerebral to quicken the pulse .
The performances by the three principals are first-rate .
Hollow and slow .
The revelations do n't add up to much and Pieter Jan Brugge 's direction keeps you at such arm 's length that you rarely connect to the drama unfolding on screen .
It 's one of those movies that seems to have started out as one thing and ended up as quite another .
When the psychology is incomprehensibly vague , and the thrills nowhere in sight , I 'd say the mess is complete .
It 's a worthy effort , but by trying to do it all , both stories fail to offer a good payoff .
As fine a performance as Mirren gives -- capturing Eileen 's apprehension and sturdiness at once -- Redford is the chief reason to see The Clearing .
Brugge ... builds the tension slowly and carefully , until we find ourselves , like Eileen , in the dark woods longing for everything to be all right .
What eventually happens will emerge from the personalities of the characters , not from the requirements of Hollywood endings . Sensing that , we grow absorbed in the story , knowing that what happens along the way will decide what happens at the end .
Discreetly filmed , slowly paced , looking for deeper motivation in every glance and comment , The Clearing never comes up with the emotional gold to justify the dig .
-LSB- I -RSB- t all falls apart at the last minute , the script winding down into a woefully underwritten ending that leaves -LSB- the -RSB- veteran cast scrambling for purchase .
It leans more toward a character study than an action or suspense movie . What you do n't get is the wrenching emotional workout that you would expect from this kind of film .
There 's nothing happening on the surface -LRB- something cued by Craig Armstrong 's aggressively inoffensive tinkling piano score -RRB- , and there 's nothing happening underneath , either
Compelling performances and a manipulation of the narrative keep Clearing unclear , which keeps us interested .
Mirren gives a virtual one-woman performance
A splendid kidnapping thriller , but its craftsmanship might obscure a subtle , affecting meditation on loss and redemption .
Brugge 's acutely observant direction and Justin Haythe 's thoughtful script allow Robert Redford , Helen Mirren and Willem Dafoe to give performances that rank among their best .
Brugge is an astute visual storyteller , the script -LRB- by Justin Haythe -RRB- goes to some unexpected places before it 's done and the performances are immaculate .
Mesmerizes with its bold treatment of thecontroversial theme of class warfare and its top-drawer performaces by Robert Redford , Willem Dafoe , and Helen Mirren .
Why would such a murky movie be called `` The Clearing ? ''
Mr. Brugge has perhaps succeeded in avoiding vulgar melodrama , but he has hit on something far worse -- a bloodless melodrama , with bottled water running in its veins .
An unusual combination of the suspenseful and the thoughtful , a character-based drama that grabs hold and digs deeply under the surface .
One of those films you end up admiring more than you enjoy .
It 's really boring .
Classy but ultimately unsatisfying .
Redford gives one of his best performances ever in this taut , emotionally engrossing thriller /
After an unbearably slow and deliberately long buildup , director Pieter Jan Brugge 's kidnapping thriller The Clearing never delivers a payoff .
one of the first movies I 've seen in some time where the final 10 minutes could have easily gone in any number of directions and I would have been pleased
Has trouble getting past its plain-Jane premise to make the emotional impact the filmmakers are clearly aiming for .
A thriller nearly devoid of thrills ... Despite having great actors and a beautiful visual sensibility , The Clearing offers no foundation to wrap them around .
The benefits of seeing this movie may not be worth the patience necessary to get through it .
The Clearing is just an OK thriller , full of standard scenarios and cookie-cutter characters .
Redford and Mirren , two masters of contained emotion , keep us peering intently at their faces , searching for clues -- not as to whether Wayne will survive , but whether this marriage will .
... three engaging and rewarding performances .
The story is Redford 's , but with -LSB- Mirren 's -RSB- trademark brisk practicality and ease in her own skin , she ransoms the actor from the constrictions of his self-definition as a romantic movie star .
... the makers of The Clearing could apparently not care less about capturing the youth market , so they 've actually gone with veteran actors who know their stuff
A character-driven suspenser that engages the mind more than the emotions , but neither grippingly .
With the emotional reins of the movie firmly in her grasp , Mirren never condescends to her character , investing her with an unshakable poise that unnerves even as it reassures those around her .
Brugge and Haythe fail to satisfactorily pull off either the thriller or the marital deconstruction .
Regardless of what The Clearing wants to be at any given moment-wrenching , thought-provoking , surprising , heartbreaking-all it ever is is tastefully lifeless .
Stately , reserved and colorless , it can be described as serious and respectable , but also turgid and rather dull . Its inveterate good manners are ultimately its undoing .
You 'll be with it every second and intrigued to its last , carefully constructed frame .
There 's nothing like being kidnapped to allow you to reassess your relationship with your family -- an adult kidnap pic .
Without -LSB- Mirren 's -RSB- performance , it would be easy to mistake The Clearing , with its predictable story development , for a Lifetime movie of the week .
The mood is atmospheric and the pace occasionally falters , but this is mature and thought-provoking work .
What is essentially a fairly standard kidnap drama takes on extra interest due to its superb performances and an intriguing structure .
The pleasures of this endeavor , directed with a keen eye for detail by Pieter Jan Brugge , come from what the actors bring to the material .










@highlight

Though it has an excellent cast , this emotionally detached movie is the kind that one admires more than enjoys .