With its slow movement and at times painful portrayal of human wretchedness , it would be hard to imagine a less fun time at the movies than Another Year , but it would also be hard to imagine a more worthwhile one .
There is something radical in the way Leigh creates such an intimate , closely observed portrait of a marriage and then essentially takes it for granted , looking elsewhere for the drama to propel the narrative .
This movie is really about a departure .
Mike Leigh does n't do thrill rides or happily ever afters , and this character-driven drama marks no new territory for the director . But it may just be his best film yet .
This movie makes me want to avoid my married friends .
Another Year is an extremely accessible and gripping film with beautifully observed character moments and outstanding performances by a superb cast , especially Leslie Manville who shines as Mary .
It 's not the most focused Leigh movie , but plot has never been his strong suit .
Leigh sculpts Another Year in time like Edgar Degas painted a picture .
Mike Leigh is often dumped in the dour , ` kitchen sink ' genre of British filmmaking , but that is to overlook his wily sense of humor .
Leigh creates a fascinating diorama in which life-long and contented couple Tom and Gerri sit in sympathy and in judgement on the lonely friends that orbit them .
-LSB- Observes -RSB- the thin lines and acute angles which separate well-adjusted people on a continuing path of contentment from the less fortunate ones who live lives of regret and desperation .
The Hepples are a joy to watch . ... Think about it . How often do we see a great marriage on the big screen ?
There 's a lot of anger and misery around them and yet it 's amazing how this film ... can also be so warming and affirming .
The orbits of friendship remain in balance
Brilliantly acted and unafraid of pain , Mike Leigh 's latest takes us to uncomfortable places
A masterful exploration of aging , family bonds , strength and loneliness . As with all his films , Leigh has reflected both the joy and the struggle of living a real life .
Mike Leigh is a master of bringing awkward characters to life and making them sympathetic .
What 's great about this alternately cozy and depressing domestic drama from Mike Leigh is how matter-of-fact it is .
Actors will tell you that Leigh 's method gives their characters a hinterland . Why is it , then , that they so often look to me like exaggerated caricatures ?
A small symphony of maddening looks and recoils , simmering with Ozuisms and a coziness that could n't be more confronting .
Endearing family drama , offering generous dollops of Ozu-like wisdom for dealing with the mundane .
The movie is full of small , revealing moments when a character reaches out to another , or pushes away another , and the aftereffects of the gestures are moving because they are so understated .
... a bittersweet study of a happy family , its discontented satellites and the ways we sabotage ourselves .
... benefits substantially from its uniformly impressive performances ...
See it at your own risk -- but do n't miss it .
-LSB- Lesley -RSB- Manville overindulges in `` acting '' ...
Evidently , Mike Leigh shows no signs of slowing down as he -- like his characters in Another Year -- ventures close to old age .
An unassuming little masterpiece .
In achieving a credible realism , Leigh and his actors refreshingly avoid the tidy and obvious .
To state that the film has no real plot is to miss the point completely : The characters ARE the plot , weaving enough personal detail through the narrative to provide us with plenty of back story , present circumstance and even future incident .
This humane movie is an ode to joy , albeit of the mature sort .
Despite Lesley Manville 's terrific performance , Mike Leigh 's latest drags on an on .
Non-fans might describe Mary as a victim of Leigh 's cruelty , but she 's also a beneficiary of the filmmaker 's generosity : She 's as fully realized a character as you are likely to see in any movie this year .
Desperation and fulfillment , anxiety and warmth , pain and contentment -- all come together in the darkly splendid Another Year .
Do n't be thrown by the gentle stringed score or the automatic balm of watching rumply British people in cozy sweaters : Another Year is a brutalizer .
Leigh 's Oscar-nominated script is n't so much plot-driven as it is character-driven . Given that there 's little arc to any of these characters , it is less than rewarding .
The word is showcases might be in London , might be filled with British mores and mannerisms , but what it is talking about in regards to friendship , family and life is beyond universal .
Mike Leigh 's films are one of a kind .
A penetrating study of happiness , the search for happiness , and the impossibility of happiness for some .
Like Blue Valentine - the closest to a Leigh film that any American made lately - these depressing , sometimes dull bits and pieces of intersecting lives can be fascinating . Or not .
The result is a film of wonderful performances but few happenings . It 's less pure storytelling than a peek inside a small circle of people who feel authentic and three-dimensional .
Another Year is forecasting Mary 's future , telling us the grim truth that there is such a thing in life as being `` too late . '' It 's the kind of pronouncement that only those in utter despair or comfortable cynicism can make . I fear Leigh is more the latter .
Another Year is two-plus hours of heavy dialogue and heavier uncomfortable silences . But if you can muddle through the tense moments , the pay-off is seeing one of the best written movies of the year .
Regardless of the pacing , I think every person should give this a chance .
Downbeat , slow , calculated and muted , Leigh 's slice-of-life film often just lies there , studying a facial wrinkle , an empty wine glass , or a ripened fruit in the garden . But the linger displays a vividly intelligent knowledge of filmmaking .
In a sense , -LSB- Mary -RSB- manufactures crises to garner sympathy . That , not alcoholism , is her addiction .
Another Year is what comedian Eddie Izzard calls `` a-room-with-a-view-and-a-staircase-and-a-pond type of movie . '' And it 's wonderful .
Make no mistake : Another Year is brilliant , heart-breaking , life-affirming and ceaselessly engrossing . It 's as deeply felt and humane a work of cinema as anything by Zhang Yimou , Federico Fellini or Ingmar Bergman .
Another Year is n't light viewing and Leigh 's depiction of loneliness and desperation borders on being a cruel spectacle , but it serves to illustrate his notion that we are sometimes the cause of our own afflictions .
`` Another Year '' is very good Leigh -- maybe even , given Manville 's heroic work , great Leigh .
Another marvel of perfectly drawn , fully realized characters created from the ground up and brought to aching and glorious life .
Mike Leigh 's perceptive and humbly profound cycle-of-life portrait of aging , friendship and extreme loneliness as a form of mental illness .
It all comes down to affirmation vs. denial . Leigh chooses affirmation . And the result is life-affirming .
Leigh 's naturalistic slice-of-life style has its merits , but if it 's your life he 's slicing , watch out .
In the hands of British Oscar nominee Mike Leigh and a spectacularly good cast it makes for riveting , ruthless movie watching .
-LSB- Leigh -RSB- may well have made his happiest - and best - movie .
Mike Leigh 's bittersweet , compassionate , slice-of-life drama shows how having a partner to share the vicissitudes of life makes the difference between loneliness and happiness .
A powerful experience , but a bleak and ultimately dispiriting one .
At its best it feels like spending time with some comfortable old friends .
The screenplay is fantastic but I 'll always remember this film for the touching performance of Lesley Manville .
Everybody dies . Not everybody gets old , but most do . Mike Leigh 's Another Year considers both of these tragedies with the humour , heart and pathos fitting for humanity 's two great burdens .
As the title suggests , Another Year unfolds across four seasons as birth and death , love and lament govern the lives of family and friends alike ; it 's telling that Leigh opts to end in winter rather than the ever-hopeful spring .
A slow , sad-but-truly-funny passing parade of dashed hopes and dampened spirits .
Another Year is an extraordinarily rewarding film full of characters to embrace and empathise with . It 's a tribute to kindness , family and friendship without sentiment , easy answers or judgement
Mike Leigh beguiles us with beautifully etched characters , demonstrates imperishable truths , then ushers us back out into the chilly night with our heads spinning .
Another Year is definitely one of Leigh 's best films , with the apparently ordinary proving to be quietly and subtlety moving .
Driven by natural performances , this perfectly reflects the ups and downs of everyday life with laughs and warmth .
With all the sadness and happiness that Leigh can staple onto the screen in the amalgam that is life around him
If you are a people watcher or a Mike Leigh fan , you are guaranteed a fascinating journey .
It 's that old wheel of life - and no one portrays it better than Mike Leigh .
An insightful , knotty film about messed up people stumbling through life ; do n't let the fact that two people among them seem to have all the answers fool you into thinking that Leigh believes they really do .
What a challenge it must be to mine our ordinary lives in ways that reveal and revel in the quietly meaningful . It is a challenge British writer-director Mike Leigh meets in Another Year .
It 's typical Leigh fare -- both happy and sad , about as realistic as a film can get .
Filmmaker Mike Leigh has said he 's interested in `` what happens to ordinary people . '' If I want to hear from `` ordinary people , '' I 'll go to my local doughnut shop .
Like all of Leigh 's movies , `` Another Year '' is character-based . He 's interested in the triumphs and disappointments of regular people , and his film contains quite a few of those revealing moments .
English auteur Mike Leigh 's unique blend of misanthropy and humanity has produced yet another blistering human comedy .
Only Leigh could find so much pathos in ripe , rounded happiness ...
We might be tempted to think Leigh 's pessimistic camera is relentless -LRB- it is -RRB- and even cruel -LRB- it is not -RRB- . Leigh is not out to dash hope , but he does call things as he sees them -- choose what you do in life and whom you do it with wisely .
It 's a core sample of human experience in an average , regular year from spring through winter , with life and death and hope and disappointment layered atop one another .
Leigh has found yet another way to express certain incompatibilities of class by framing them as emotional conflicts .
To not give Mary even the smallest of catharses is creatively pretentious , cruel to her and unfair to the audience .
The film is heavy , even when the characters are gardening , but great , one of Leigh 's best and one of the best of the year .
Mike Leigh creates complete little universes in his films , lived-in worlds populated by naturalistic characters who behave not like people in movies behave , but the way people in real life behave .
Exceptionally naturalistic even by the standards of its director , one of cinema 's greatest living naturalists .
Leigh has weaved together -LSB- a -RSB- patchwork of personalities and masterfully crafted Another Year into one of 2011 's cinematic gems .
Few characters experience anything interesting ; this family clearly has a history , but it needs more present .
Another Year continues in the vein of Leigh 's last feature , Happy-Go-Lucky , considering characters who 've made peace with their lives and others who are still at war -LRB- and losing -RRB- .
Year 's success rests heavily on its cast 's and director 's shoulders . And the performers , most stage veterans and Leigh alums , do n't disappoint .
It 's been a long time since we 've been treated to such a simple and wonderful film .
The final scene around the dinner table is a masterwork in cinematography .
Leigh has made another must-see for art house film goers . He simply does every time he gets behind the camera .
The kind of film that makes you want to go out and hug old people .
Extracting big drama out of small events is Mike Leigh 's forte , and with his latest little masterpiece , Another Year , the English director pushes himself to the extreme .
In these linked vignettes , Another Year paints an empathetic portrait of working-class contentment and anxiety .
`` Another Year '' is a gutsy movie , in that Leigh says something about life that nobody really wants to believe , and he says it forcefully : There is such a thing as `` too late . ''
Another Year , a terrific new Mike Leigh movie , assesses that moment in every thinking person 's life when the question `` what now ? '' exceeds physical survival .
Not quite every year brings a new Mike Leigh film , but the years that do are blessed with his sympathy , penetrating observation , and instinct for human comedy .
What he 's so good at is showing that it 's possible to maintain a bright cheery outlook without ignoring the problems of the real world .
... sports some fine acting , most notably from Broadbent and Sheen , -LSB- but -RSB- the obvious metaphors and extremes of character occasionally take `` Another Year '' out of the realm of naturalism and into caricature .
Sold with an understated realism that slowly screws in the discomfort , carefully establishing a pathology that does n't lead to climatic explosion , but a rotted sense of realization , more effective than any blustery showdown .
While Leigh painfully and redundantly spells out Mary 's problems , he leaves the supposedly happy couple either as an enigma or anemically underwritten .
The film has precious little in the way of didactic working-class nobility or cheap gags aimed at the peanut gallery . What it does have is an overwhelming bittersweet melancholy ...
On several subtle levels , this is a very accomplished movie .
A miracle of virtuoso acting and understated filmmaking . . This is slice-of-life drama that is cosmic in its microcosmic depth . The whole world exists in these scenes .
Leigh does not set these people apart from us . They are us .
There is no trace of acting in Manville 's work , which is awfully close to the greatest compliment you can give a film actor .
This is a very accomplished movie .
The acting is ... uniformly terrific , and Manville as Mary is particularly outstanding . It 's virtuoso work in every sense .
Better movies have been made by better filmmakers out of the same ingredients but no one has returned to the British kitchen-sink drama and so consistently and successfully explored its boundaries and nuances
Initially , it does n't seem as if much is going on , but the casual details , nuanced performances and clever dialogue are hard to shake from memory .
It might be Leigh 's worst film . That is not the worst thing you can ever say about a film by a filmmaker as efficient and prolific as Leigh , but it is disappointing .
Everything is fully realized and superbly crafted ; the sense of intimacy Leigh creates as writer and director is never broken , for better and for worse .
I have n't seen a film this year that so openly invited me to revile each and every one of its characters -- and I reviewed The Human Centipede .
It illuminates profoundly in matters of class , age , family , friendship , economics and even nationality .
Leigh engages with those questions , and even bigger bogglers -- What is love ? What is happiness ? When did they both escape me ? -- by arranging long , lingering scenes of closely observed behavior of the most ordinary sort .
The perfect haven from the cheap ironies and cruel indifference we all have to field both in life and , far too often , at the movies .
It may sound commonplace , but in the hands of master filmmaker Mike Leigh , the everyday becomes extraordinary .
To quote Paul McCartney , another great British artist who is almost exactly Mr. Leigh 's age : Where do they all come from ? Where do they all belong ?
The performances are winning , the story is surprising without relying on unlikely twists , and the relationships are the richest and most nuanced since Leigh 's Secrets & Lies .
Well observed and bittersweet , Another Year is close enough to our own lives to make it uncomfortable to watch , which makes it both unique and necessary .
Its ... characters ... have a familiarity with each other that turns everyday relations -- whether on the job , when traveling or at meals -- into startling , vivid and intimate exchanges .
Does n't break new ground so much as till familiar soil to potent effect .
Perhaps no one but Leigh could make such a character so sympathetic ; perhaps no one but Leigh would then weave an entire movie around someone so tiresome .
Another year , another Mike Leigh gem ...
If Leigh were trying to make some sort of statement on life or aging or relationships or the current depressed climate in his country , it never quite materializes as effectively as planned .
A delightful pack of flawed characters who are a pleasure to watch and listen to .
These characters are more than what we see on the surface , and it 's thanks to Leigh 's rigorous yet generous eye that we never just gawk at the drama .
Mike Leigh satisfyingly mines richness in character in this intimate family piece .
Jim Broadbent and Ruth Sheen give two of the loveliest performances in any Mike Leigh film and I give the film a lot of marks for that , I must say .
Another Year may be -LRB- Leigh 's -RRB- most accomplished work as a framer of images , such is the apparent ease with which he captures the interplay of his cast , but it may also be his least affecting study as a class-based character piece .
A deft and down-to-earth anatomy of love and loneliness by Mike Leigh , one of England 's legendary directors .
A film that 's not easy to shake .
full review at Movies for the Masses
As close as cinema comes to modern British Chekhov .
Even for Mike Leigh , this film feels like a rather subdued slice-of-life in which nothing much really happens . But it 's impeccably made at every level , with bracingly sharp performances and a ruthlessly honest script .
Another Year is filled with hilarious quirks and moments that punctuate the melancholy of Mary and Ken 's loneliness and promise that , no matter how sad life may sometimes seem , there is always someone to turn to and some reason to smile .
Another Year may sound like a profoundly miserable film but it is more like a film that refuses to sugar-coat reality .
The film itself seems to suffocate under a smog of self-satisfied superiority .
A rich , compassionate , unflinchingly perceptive comedic drama that follows an English family and a few of their friends and relatives over the course of one year .
-LSB- Leigh 's -RSB- insight is as keen as ever , resulting in his best film in years .
Although so dark in the end Another Year is often very funny en route .
Another beautifully observed portrait of modern life from Mike Leigh .
Another Year offers what nearly every Mike Leigh film does , a handful of funny lines and acting out of the top-drawer . It will probably win many awards . But it 's far from great .
The film this year you 'll want to miss but must n't . See it . Thank us later .
Mike Leigh 's improvisational methods often result in fine acting with profound explorations of character , and that 's the case here .
I found Another Year a deeply involving , intelligent , compassionate drama of the sort only Leigh can create .
Leigh 's films are all the same and all different ; all funny and all tragic ; all simple and all complicated .
Leigh completes a most satisfying hat-trick -- following Vera Drake and Happy-Go-Lucky -- with yet another beautifully performed character piece .
Told over four acts -LRB- one for each season -RRB- , Leigh and his note perfect cast have crafted a bitterly funny tale of sadness and frustration , where life , contrary to what Leigh 's earlier film titles suggest , is rarely sweet or happy-go-lucky .
Measured in pace , yet thoroughly gripping and completely accessible .
Hewn from his usual improvised workshops with many actors he 's worked with before , writer-director Leigh has aimed at the nerve centre of modern Britain .
There 's no denying the humanity of Leigh 's films , good and bad . Another Year is another fine example . But like so many of his characters , it rather overstays its welcome .
I 'm no Mike Leigh superfan . But when he 's on form he 's fantastic , and Another Year is as good as anything he 's ever done .
-LSB- Leigh has -RSB- made another funny , perceptive , moving human drama .
Impressively directed and emotionally engaging , Mike Leigh 's latest drama is sharply written and features a BAFTA-worthy performance from Lesley Manville ...
Although the tragicomic episodes that make up Another Year seem casual and low-key , they encompass birth , death and everything in between .
Mike Leigh 's latest study of British manners , ethics , morals , and hypocrisy is a sophisticated provocation for discussion .
Leigh , a lover of misfits and strange ducks with funny faces and even funnier voices , wants us to understand that a house of forgiveness is one without condescension .
For most of its running time it feels like a straightforward sophisticated comedy , one that might even have a happy ending .
A mature , wise reflection on life 's joys and sorrows , Another Year can take its place beside the very best films in Mike Leigh 's career - Secrets and Lies , Vera Drake and Life is Sweet .
Mike Leigh 's latest ... is almost about nothing at all , and yet it gently juxtaposes the big issues of everyday life : loneliness and love , selfishness and kindness , birth and death .
Acutely observed but gloomy and lacking narrative , it tells of 12 months in the life of a decent but dull suburban couple and their friends , most of whom you would go out of your way to avoid at a party .
Around the Croisette the question being asked prior to the screening of Another Year was , ` Do we need another Mike Leigh character drama ? ' As long as the auteur is delivering cinema like this , the answer is obviously yes .
Makes you appreciate that there are still a few people out there for whom film is still a worthy artistic expression .
This touching and beautifully nuanced drama from England 's master of cinematic improvisation




@highlight

Characterized by strong performances and the director 's trademark feel for the nuances of everyday life , Another Year marks another solid entry in Mike Leigh 's career of kitchen-sink English drama .