The story is n't as provocative as it tries to be , and the contrived romance is just as frustrating to watch unfold .
The Sessions could easily have slipped into schmaltz , but it 's an unexpectedly funny delight , thanks in part to sterling work from Helen Hunt and John Hawkes .
`` The Sessions '' is a skillfully layered look at the similarities and differences between people of all walks of life .
The Sessions is an unflinching , moving and often funny story about dignity and sexuality .
It 's all so plodding and beige , yet giving this movie a bad review is like kicking a kitten .
The Sessions is a tender , well-intentioned examination of a disabled man exploring his sexual identity , but sometimes a film needs more than just good intentions .
May sound like shameless Oscar-bait , but in truth the film is simpler than that , more small-scale , with a light and unpretentious sense of humor .
It 's difficult not to be impressed with director and screenwriter Ben Lewin 's ability to bring this distinctive and surprisingly emotional story to the big screen .
It 's unlike any movie you 'll see this year , dealing with delicate subject matter in a refined way .
What stirs you most is the effortless way Hawkes is able to convey Mark 's compassion for people far more fortunate than himself .
Survival is n't enough . Acceptance is n't enough . Mark needs fulfillment .
Strong central performances and an endearing premise smooth over some of the more jagged edges of the script .
Ben Lewin 's The Sessions is an emotionally charged film with a smart sense of humor that 'll have you tearing up from equal doses of laughter and drama .
... é motivo de alegria perceber como um homem como Mark O'Brien conseguiu explorar a própria sexualidade mesmo enfrentando a mais brutal e cruel das amarras : não sua doença , mas a crença religiosa .
An unexpected gem : candid , touching and funny .
The Sessions proves unusually candid in its matter-of-fact attitude to both sex and nudity .
-LRB- ... -RRB- a remarkable film about disability , incapacity and the joy of freedom in the most impossible of situations .
This funny , moving , beautifully acted movie avoids numerous pitfalls .
Satisfaction guaranteed ? Pretty much .
It 's Hawkes 's portrayal , in all its wit , intelligence and childlike naivety , that really captures the heart .
By taking a sensitive , honest approach to this true story , breakthrough filmmaker Lewin both avoids sentimentality and keeps the focus on the inner lives of the central characters .
It 's a brave performance from Hunt , who spends much of the film entirely naked . Both her and Hawkes are brilliant in a movie that is a massively uplifting experience .
The movie becomes a touching , often funny portrayal of sex as a form of kindness and human contact .
Hunt is a prodigy . No other actress could have brought such easeful transparency , such a glow of givingness , such heedlessness of glamour each time she strips naked .
Not only does it deal with sex in a straightforward manner , but it also deals with the equally sensitive themes of disability and religion , all of which writer/director Ben Lewin pulls off skilfully .
The Sessions can be sugary , but it 's likable .
You could maybe see it working as a play , though the tactile detail of these scenes needs close-ups on the actors ' faces to communicate what the transaction means to them both .
It 's tender , humane and funny and superbly acted ; a simple but affecting parable about experiencing life to the fullest .
Three days after viewing , the film 's questioning generosity and sense of perspective will still be knocking around your head .
The Sessions finally proves that Hollywood can take physical incapacity and/or sex far more seriously than it does the potential side effects of shooting so many people on screen so often .
A touching gem of a movie largely thanks to subtly dynamic performances from Helen Hunt and John Hawkes .
Hugely enjoyable , warm-hearted and frequently laugh-out-loud funny disability drama with a superb script and a pair of terrific performances from John Hawkes and Helen Hunt .
Lewin , who has fought his own lifelong polio battle , handles tricky material with a gentle , empathetic touch .
Formulaic but uplifting , positive and accessible .
In its barest form this is a traditional rites-of-passage yarn , dealing in first love and lost innocence , and even with a candid discussion of sex , it 's mostly sweetness and light .
Few movies are so frank about the sexual mechanics of the disabled ...
All thinking viewers will come away with a better understanding as to how the seemingly different amongst us are really just the one-in-the-same when getting up close and personal .
Thanks to Lewin 's light but assured touch , The Sessions never wears its theological preoccupations heavily , instead allowing transcendence to creep up on the audience quietly .
For the most part , an authentically subversion take on fringe sexuality .
The Sessions belongs completely to Hawkes , who disappears into the role of Mark O'Brien , delivering a stunning performance that illuminates what it means to be a whole person .
A very different kind of love story , breaking taboos lightly , with sensitivity and humor .
This is one of the best , and certainly one of the best-acted , films of the year . I ca n't think of another film that mixed compassion and carnality in such an eloquent way .
The laughs are always gentle , which is descriptive of the film as a whole , as it strives to reconnect cinematic sex with shared humanity .
Vera is something of a missed opportunity here .
A movie about sex that shows a whole lot of sex , but is n't sex-obsessed . The Sessions grabs you in the heart rather than the loins .
An inspiring tale that celebrates the human spirit , underscores the value of connections , and laughs at the beautifully embarrassing urges that make us what we are .
Deeply moving . The Oscar-worthy -LRB- John -RRB- Hawkes invests his character with a sense of grace and humor that nullifies any potential pity . This is a great movie for adults and even for older adolescents .
It is rare to watch a movie where sex is treated with maturity , religion is treated with respect and characters are so heart-warmingly written and portrayed .
Achieves its sunny disposition by pulling punches .
Raw , unrestrained and sympathetic without giving in to melodrama , ` The Sessions ' is about a man facing a physical challenge who decides he wants to become intimate with a woman .
An intelligent , funny , insightful film that offers a frank examination of sex . It 's not prurient or titillating , just truthful .
A remarkable actor , John Hawkes , gives a remarkable performance as a remarkable character .
Surprisingly funny and touching .
Presents the sensitive O'Brien as a brave , funny , unselfish and unlikely romantic-fantasy dream hero for disappointed , weary or jaded older female moviegoers .
The uplifting struggle for living a life of dignity for paralyzed from the neck down polio victim Mark O'Brien .
The sex scenes are frank and explicit , but never cheap and exploitative . -LRB- Yes , they get naked . Grow up . -RRB- The nudity is n't airbrushed pin-up perfection , but raw and real - and all the more lovely and moving because of it .
Taking the good with the bad , this is n't a terrible movie , though it is being rather overhyped . I found myself laughing a lot and enjoying the transformations the actors go through , but an unengaging story only serves to drag it down .
A film , inspired by the life of the late poet-journalist Mark O'Brien , that celebrates the relationship between physical and emotional intimacy .
Not just another weepy drama of overcoming odds , a My Left Foot with a different appendage . The Sessions is often brazenly funny , not from shocking dialogue but characters reacting the way people do , especially with such a flustering subject as sex .
an unusually frank and frequently humorous meditation on the transformative power of connection
Take away the nudity and the frank sex talk and you 'd pretty much be left with a high-minded TV movie -- with unusually good actors .
Hunt 's tangible disregard for false modesty does justice to the misunderstood surrogacy profession , while Hawkes ' committed yet matter-of-fact portrayal of O'Brien masterfully avoids theatricality or sappy heartstring tugging .
Lewin has never had talent like Hawkes , Hunt , and Macy as his instruments before , and he makes the best of them .
Popular sex therapist Dr. Ruth once said that sexual surrogates are `` illegal . '' The Sessions makes them mainstream .
An adult film that approaches the serious subject of sex with refreshingly explicit honesty .
The honest performances and assured direction makes The Sessions an extremely accomplished film that celebrates sexuality .
John Hawkes and Helen Hunt generate an endearing chemistry , here , turning in a couple of virtuoso performances deserving of serious consideration come Oscar season .
Writer-director Ben Lewin has made the decision to position the film somewhere between the comedic and dramatic genres ... . and it works .
Australian veteran writer/director Ben Lewin -LRB- The Dunera Boys -RRB- delivers a heartfelt gem that is as moving as it is unassuming . It easily chimes in as one of the films of the year .
John Hawkes delivers what is perhaps the performance of his career and Helen Hunt is fearless and charming . The Sessions is a heartfelt journey that will leave your emotional spectrum overwhelmed to your heart 's content .
The Sessions is entertaining but also the sort of feature that can wait for a DVD rental . Sex scenes aside , it feels puny on the big screen .
Were you to come to The Sessions expecting a disease-of-the-week heartstring-puller , you 'd be completely out of luck -- fortunately .
Their film is more than a skin flick , despite it definitely being that . Just as Cheryl is more than a prostitute , while definitely still that .
A funny , tender and mostly unsentimentalized movie about physical and emotional triumph .
Most R-rated comedies involve meaningless sex . `` The Sessions '' is the rare one about meaningful sex .
For such a specific story , affecting only a few , the film triumphs in revealing a kaleidoscope of human emotions and truths .
Driven by John Hawkes ' inspired turn , this is a candid , funny and touching charmer .
I just found that it was a tremendously compassionate film and you think it 's not something I would rush out to see but , in fact , it 's such a lovely , nourishing experience , this film .
Importantly , the film does n't take itself too seriously , and there 's a pleasantly off-beat sense of humour behind the agony and the ecstasy of this beautiful movie .
John Hawkes is exceptional . Look for him and Helen Hunt in the Oscar mix .
An extraordinary account of sexual exploration and intimacy against the odds , The Sessions is a powerful achievement .
Sex & a very singular man
Boasts a rare , inherent understanding of its subject , with Lewin now facing the prospect of becoming seriously hot property , as awards season beckons .
We are engaged by the compelling characters and a man 's discovery of sexuality in a short span of time and in a unique way . And we are touched by the relationship that develops
Sex , religion , poetry and the disabled might be the subject matter , but nothing will prepare you for the emotions that are shared in this unique , poignant and unforgettable film
The most grown-up depiction of emotionally meaningful sexual relations ... that will have any sort of general distribution in U.S. movie theaters in this or any of the next several years .
The Sessions resembles one of O'Brien 's poems -LRB- which are featured in the story -RRB- - neither flawless nor ever-graceful in terms of technique but still gentle and sincere .
A dramatic , inspiring story that can be humorous at times with endearing characters . This is a crowd-pleaser that is sure to be a contender at the Oscars .
-LSB- The Sessions -RSB- is very sweet and heartfelt , but never cloying or overly sentimental .
An absolute delight .
Forced to do all his acting with his face , Hawkes displays the kind of camera-arresting capability that has earned others Oscar nominations .
This is a crowd-pleaser of the finest sort .
The Sessions is a truly inspirational work , grounded by a powerful , thought-provoking performance that lingers long after one has left the auditorium . It is one of the more memorable , if imperfect , achievements of 2012 .
It 's really a three-character comedy/drama , with the best elements of both genres .
Using only his tilted head , his eyes , nose , and mouth and that quizzical voice , Hawkes brings O'Brien to life .
`` The Sessions '' shapes its themes in an appealing way and keeps the script lively and engaging and funny .
This is n't the first film to explore the subject of the sexuality of the disabled . But it is , thanks to sensitive direction from Ben Lewin and empathetic performances that never condescend , among the best .
A remarkable story of bravery and compassion
With its assertive hero and inclusive humor , `` The Sessions '' is an inspirational drama you can feel good about in the morning .
Gets it right , in the essence of its true story as well as the social discomforts surrounding disability and sane discussion of sexuality .
It 's funny and well-meaning , with great performances , but the story plays out more like an Afterschool Special with full-frontal nudity .
It 's a fine film and Hawkes gives one of the year 's best performances .
Unexpectedly blunt and warmly sympathetic , displaying a refreshing commitment to the tense nuances of a carnal odyssey before its eventual slide into overcooked dramatics .
A sharply written , skillfully executed adult crowd-pleaser -LSB- that -RSB- avoids mawkishness and actually manages to inspire and amuse .
`` The Sessions '' introduces us to some harsh truths we may not want to consider , but the outcome is one we can not fail to understand .
`` The Sessions '' is a film that reminds us of the fragility of life , and how human beings are capable of a deep emotional bond when it is least expected .
... a story of triumph over disability that takes the form of an uplifting sex comedy rather than a depressing saga of a dying man .
That exceedingly rare combination of sexy , clever and sweet , a winning tale of one charming disabled man 's quest to get some stank on his hangdown .
The film greatly benefits from Hawkes ' tremendous performance . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
For the entire endeavor to emotionally register , you must buy into the romance that purportedly blossoms between Hawkes and Hunt . I did n't , not for a second .
Hawkes ' work here is that good that it carries one away on a wave of emotion that dismisses critical thought . The film around him could have been better but you 're unlikely to realize that while you 're watching it .
... a perfectly watchable showcase for two undeniably above-average performances .
Most often with The Sessions the blunt comedy outweighs the drift toward sanctimony .
Uneven and perhaps a little too tidy as it aims to promote one man 's extraordinary spirit . It is John Hawkes and Helen Hunt , however , who are most worth seeing .
Practically ignores everything about O'Brien 's life except as it relates to his sexual odyssey , turning the life of the man into little more than a curio .
It sends viewers out of the theater with a heightened sense of the physical and a real feeling for all the things that sex means in human life .
The achievement of this simply told , exceptionally fine film is the clarity with which it portrays the drama of a good soul in an inert body .
Hawkes ' performance is the must-see hook of The Sessions , but Hunt gives this funny , touching movie its soul .
Character actor John Hawkes is often cast as a frightening rustic -LRB- Winter 's Bone , Martha Marcy May Marlene -RRB- , but he gives a tender and witty performance here as Mark O'Brien .
The joy of The Sessions goes beyond sexual healing . It makes physical intimacy far more a matter of the heart , and you wo n't be alone wiping an occasional tear .
A powerful expression of our common needs , fears , and consolations .
For better and for worse , The Sessions has ` crowd-pleaser ' written all over it .
O'Brien was the subject of an Oscar-winning short `` Breathing Lessons , '' and it seems likely that `` The Sessions '' will receive a few nominations of its own . It deserves them .
This film rebukes and corrects countless brainless and cheap sex scenes in other movies . It 's a reminder that we must be kind to one another .
Neither an issue-pushing disability drama or a crude , American Polio-style sex comedy , The Sessions is sweet and winning - ` feel good ' minus the fingers down the throat .
The movie is so clammily sensitive and tame that it stifles any strong response .
Another dynamite vehicle for John Hawkes , in which Lewin 's affecting script overcomes his pedestrian direction .
A sentimental , feel-good romance about pity sex .
Skilled direction , a talented cast and a simple but elegant story will garner a lot of sympathy from its targeted , more mature audience .
It offers a relatable depiction of the powers of a positive mental attitude and perseverance in spite of horrendously bad luck . And some Oscar-caliber acting , to boot .
An incredibly low-key and feel-good adult movie about sex that 's much funnier than most people are probably expecting , highlighted by a pair of Oscar-caliber performances by its two leads .
A frank exploration of sex and disability , The Sessions compensates for a minor structural misstep with an acute ear for tone and stellar performances throughout .
The bottom line here is that yes , a movie about a physically disabled man makes for one of the sexiest date nights of the year . Unless you 're allergic to over-20s .
With Ben Lewin 's film The Sessions , Hawkes is given the biggest and juiciest leading role of his career , and he pulls it off with remarkable grace and humor .
Less dreary than uplifting , The Surrogate succeeds as a light romance with heavy material .
The Sessions is bracing . It 's also one of the few movies to recognize that people with severe physical disabilities have sexual lives , too .
The movie methodically punts each time it comes across anything interesting .
The Sessions is a magnificent film . This tale of a profoundly disabled man 's sexual awaking is not only a genuine crowd pleaser , but it also gives a cinematic voice to the marginalized .
A sweet but minor fictional parable about the strange possibilities of love .
Mature but deeply powerful look at sex and the disabled .
A movie like this is really built around a performance , and John Hawkes - so powerfully evil in `` Winter 's Bone '' and `` Martha Marcy May Marlene '' - carries the film .
Award-worthy performances from John Hawkes , Helen Hunt and William H. Macy .
This warm , witty , sensuous and quite wonderful study of a disabled artist terrifically avoids any `` triumph of the human spirit '' sentimentality .
The core of the move -- specifically the sessions between Mark and Cheryl -- is quite good .
A must-see movie .
`` The Sessions '' treats intimacy with an explicitness and honesty that 's very rare in movies .
There are no missteps along the way and it 's hard to take your eyes off the screen , even during the most awkward and intimate moments .
`` The Sessions '' is admirable , and often enjoyable , yet self-limiting in concept . It 's exactly about what it sets out to be about-no less but no more .
This frank , funny , tender film both asks and receives more from its sex scenes than any movie I 've seen in a long time .
In a country that embraces cinematic violence with such ease but blushingly prefers to keep sex in the shadows or under the sheets , the grown-up approach of `` The Sessions '' is rare .
`` The Sessions '' is a pleasant shock : a touching , profoundly sex-positive film that equates sex with intimacy , tenderness and emotional connection instead of performance , competition and conquest .
Avoids the kind of squickyness that Hollywood usually drizzles over its uplifting movies about the physically challenged .
For once in an American movie , the uplift feels earned .
A beautifully touching true story that never feels like the typical biopic since it finds a way of instilling humor and charm into a delicate and often tragic situation .
... challenging , joyous , heartbreaking and quite funny ...
A moving tale with wryly funny moments .
A very elegant and charming film about the simple need for human affection .
John Hawkes does the kind of acting that awards were invented for in this exhilarating gift of a movie that 's funny , touching and vital .
A brave and bold movie that explores new territory in sexuality and spirituality .
It 's strange to call a film with so much nudity and simulated sex `` old-fashioned , '' but `` The Sessions '' nicely bridges that gulf .
Could so easily have swung into bleakness or cloying sentimentality , but writer/director Ben Lewin deftly strikes the right notes to create a charming little diamond of a film .
`` The movie is neither short of , nor in the least bit coy about , sex and sex talk . It treats and presents both in a way that is entirely candid , frank ... ''
The sleeper hit of the year , a rocket out of Sundance trailing Oscar nominations for Hawkes and Hunt and , with luck , writer-director Lewin .
In Ben Lewin 's The Sessions , John Hawkes takes on the kind of role that earns Academy Awards , in the kind of film that does n't .
It 's the rare film to sell sex as something truly tender and life-affirming , and Helen Hunt , in particular , is lovely and poignant .
A tender , lovely story about a man condemned by polio to live in an iron lung who wishes at age thirty-eight to lose his virginity .
Inevitable comparison will be made with My Left Foot , but on its own terms , the fact-based drama is touching , frank , challenging -LRB- breaking Hollywood taboos -RRB- , and superbly acted by Hawkes and Helen Hunt in Oscar-caliber turns
This is either a delicate subject or an unapologetically vital one , and the key to `` The Sessions '' is that -LSB- Ben -RSB- Lewin treats it as the latter .
The Sessions becomes a dance of joy in the midst of severe challenge , and a movie with a light spirit that lifts a tale of heavy fate .
A warm and compelling tale told in a simple manner , The Sessions is a rewarding if somewhat slight film with wide appeal .
Aided by committed , awards-ready performance , The Sessions transforms ` taboo ' subject matter into a humorous , humane and uncomplicated pleasure .
The Sessions is fascinating , informative , engaging and heartbreaking stuff .
This filmmaker knows exactly what he 's doing every step of the way and is absolutely right in all his choices .
Hawkes and Hunt nobly tackle the physical demands their roles require ...
It 's an adult movie about an adult subject that upends the conventions of the sex comedy by investing them with solemn purpose . Fortunately , that turns out to be pretty funny in itself .
A charming and gently moving film .
It has some difficult and heartfelt performances as well as moments of uncomfortable honesty , but ultimately writer-director Ben Lewin 's film feels too slight , too pat , and too wildly overhyped out of its festival showings .
It lacks the fullness of the best films of its ilk , chief among them Jim Sheridan 's My Left Foot . But Lewin lets his eye wander pleasingly .
The Sessions is startlingly bold and just as emotionally mature , with a wonderful story and even better performances .
Charming as Lewin 's script may be , the end result provides little more than underwhelming sentiments filled with indifference and frustration .
The basic structure is traditional , even formulaic . The specifics , however , are endlessly fascinating .
The Sessions is probably the most lighthearted movie about sex and polio you 'll see this year .
Using a healthy dose of humor and some very winning performances , The Surrogate makes for a perfectly nice , if not challenging , film .
We love this hero for his indomitable spirit to take life head on , even given the ever-present shadow of death that mindfully holds him in a tight embrace ... much tighter than any lover could .
The film does n't build in some over-the-top manipulation in order to make its points , but instead focuses on the small details between them , and as a result , when it does pay off , it 's in a very organic way .
It might just be the most poignant , moving film ever made about one man 's surprisingly noble efforts to get laid .
A genuinely touching , if slight drama , the movie remains a sympathetic portrait of the plight of a handicapped person without ever growing too serious or saccharine .
The emotional journey is articulated with so much nuance , and such a vigorous belief in human possibility , that everything The Surrogate touches becomes its own , and is made new .
The transactions , O'Brien 's growing self-awareness and the effect on those around him are explored with grace , humour and tenderness .
A film of tenderness and humor married to the unlikeliest of subjects .
At once entirely frank and downright cuddly in the way it deals with the seldom-visited subject of the sex lives of people with disabilities ...


@highlight

Tender , funny , and touching , The Sessions provides an acting showcase for its talented stars and proves it 's possible for Hollywood to produce a grown-up movie about sex .