The Red Turtle is a work of art as universal in theme and reach as diverse as the French , Japanese and Dutch influences of its production . It delights in the symbiosis of man and nature , and the circle of life we all share .
`` The Red Turtle '' is a rare creature , an 80-minute animated film with no dialogue -LRB- unless `` Hey ! '' counts -RRB- that is both beautiful and harrowing , joyful and melancholy .
There is not a lot of plot -- lest we forget that simply living is its own story -- with the film instead growing increasingly existential and even experiential -LRB- the exquisite animation and sound design is quite transporting -RRB- .
Leaves it up to use to find metaphoric meaning .
With nary a word , The Red Turtle manages to speak in lofty , unconvincing tones .
The Red Turtle is perhaps too serene , overall , to capture the mood of many modern filmgoers , but it has a grace and poetry about it which , together with its charming animation , are bound to win it a dedicated legion of fans .
It tells a profound emotional story using only a few simple ingredients , and it only works in animation .
Deceptively deep in both its sumptuous visual imagery and in its subtly moving themes , The Red Turtle is a transcendent little gem .
This is a film to relax into , to enter as in a dream , and to relish for hours and days afterward .
-LSB- Michael -RSB- Dudok de Wit has made an absorbing and captivating little movie .
The Red Turtle is a nearly perfect movie for kids -LRB- and adults -RRB- of almost any age .
It is remarkable how seamless is the blend between de Wit 's wry minimalist sensibility and Ghibli 's penchant for evoking natural beauty in a style that looks like a water colour had life breathed into it .
Although the protagonist never says a word , and although director Michaël Dudok de Wit does n't explain the fantastic elements that are at the center of the story , The Red Turtle hooks from beginning to end . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Every scene is stunning to look at , and the experience of watching it is both calming and moving .
The latest movie from Japan 's Studio Ghibli - a fresh take on Robinson Crusoe - breaks with the fantastical Miyazaki style , but sets a new standard for inspired minimalist animation .
Ghibli 's first animated film directed by a foreigner is a wonder mixture of Japanese and Western sensibilities . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Red Turtle is a truly delightful film that does its parent company proud . Hugely recommended .
There 's something essential , meditative and soul-soothingly simple about The Red Turtle .
The depth and texture on show here - conjured from a surge of pencil marks and watercolour washes - is remarkable . The film is a must for the big screen .
A precise and elegant fable , which uses magical realism to wind its elements together , The Red Turtle hints rather than hollers about the emotional bond between man and animal .
While admiring the atmospheric animation I was left a little underwhelmed by the ponderous narrative .
The images are tamely drawn ; the tale is wanly evolved .
It 's a simple and profound story that is both intimate and universal . This is a beautiful film that must be seen .
There are few words , but The Red Turtle does n't need them : nature is the star of this film .
The film is simple , not overwhelmingly meaningful in any kind of thought-provoking way , but it is a beautiful and transporting little mini-world of its own .
Small children often experience the world as simultaneously solid and fantastical ; De Wit 's beautiful film tugs us into that mindset .
A bewitching animation about a castaway trying to get off an island -- the sort of film you wish Terrence Malick made .
It is a work of art which transcends boundaries of language , culture , geography and age . It is simply magnificent .
The Red Turtle is a dialogue-free love story , strange and sparingly supernatural .
Refreshingly different and highly recommended , especially if you have ever watched in awe as David Attenborough explains our wonderful world .
It 's a film about loneliness and the steps we take to overcome it , wrapped up in a delightfully simple story for all ages .
One for the desert island films list .
The experience is captivating , transcendental even .
It 's a superb piece of work , beautiful and enigmatic .
Dudok de Wit and Ghibli have birthed a pan-continental marvel : a fable-cum-fantasy of a life adrift , aching with tender beauty and awed by nature 's extremes .
A lush and luminous visual symphony , which celebrates nature as both a furious , deadly force and a soothing source of love , this arthouse animation deserves to draw a big crowd .
A breathtaking debut feature , simply drawn , rich in texture , and warm of heart .
Studio Ghibli 's first international co-production is beautifully crafted and full of wonder .
a beautifully moving ode to the rhythms of time and nature and our connection with the worlds we inhabit
The mesmerising The Red Turtle casts a spell from the opening scene .
Told through gorgeous animation , this is a film that marvelously encompasses life itself , resulting in not just the best animated film of last year , but one of the best of the last several years .
With The Red Turtle , where a man 's solitude is relieved by a moment of wonder , it 's fantastically difficult to decide which is more amazing -- nature 's power or humanity 's art .
Sumptuous , survivalist fable . Because of its leisurely , dreamlike pace , I suspect its appeal will be more to adults than children .
So maybe the film tries too hard , and makes you try to think too hard . But there is no doubt that it is a great achievement in the genre , and the ending is truly touching . You may well walk out with a tear to accompany that sigh of relief .
Ultimately a mediation not only on what it means to be human but , more significantly , what it means to be as one with the natural order of the world .
The Red Turtle is beautifully , brilliantly rendered and storyboarded by Dudok de Wit the old-fashioned way .
The Red Turtle more than merits that most overused of descriptors : It 's enthrallingly , impressively and mind-blowingly one of a kind .
Birth , survival , mating , death : The life experience is reduced to its essentials in this stripped-down , dialogue-free fable ...
If you 're expecting `` The Red Turtle '' to be a raucous animated tale with anthropomorphic critters conversing in pop-culture cliches , you 're in for an acute case of shell shock .
It 's about as beautifully simple and lithe as an epic visual feast can get , with Ghibli-esque themes about our spiritual connection to nature kept high in the mix , and an overarching bittersweetness that keeps the fantasy grounded in human emotion .
Though Dudok de Wit 's film is a nominee for Best Animated Feature , it says here it wo n't win ... Regardless , there are more taxing ways to spend 80 minutes than leisurely absorbing his gorgeously framed , often moving images .
The unfussy , semi-realistic ligne claire -LRB- clear line -RRB- drawing style is a perfect match for the story , and color is used both expressively and symbolically ...
Some films are a speeding train . This one is a hammock on a Saturday afternoon .
As this gently powerful story proceeds through the cycle of life , one would have to have a heart harder than a turtle shell not to be moved .
The first non-Japanese animation from Studio Ghibli is a simple fable on paper , but this heart-rending depiction of a man stranded on a desert island is a tour de force in visual storytelling .
This gorgeously drawn movie is much more than a children 's film . It 's a meditation on the very meaning of existence , identity and love .
A magical and mystical animated film about an island , a castaway , a shapeshifting being , and dreams .
The Red Turtle is a thoughtful piece of art and one worth your time . It 's one of the best animated films in years .
A one-of-a-kind film that lingers long in the memory , `` The Red Turtle '' suggests that when it comes to animation , there are still whole new worlds to explore .
Every single shot in The Red Turtle is perfect .
There 's no dialogue , the pace is quite slow and the meaning of the story is subject to interpretation . Yet once you 're on its wavelength , the film is a mesmerizing experience .
Few films have used color and light with such acuity - from the near monochrome of moonlight on a desolate beach to the infinite , illuminated shades of green in a bamboo forest .
The conflicts presented are few , and the ravishingly beautiful tale is relatively safe for children , although they might miss much of its subtle commentary on accepting and pushing against our limitations .
Without a word of dialog , it says more than most animated films could ever hope to .
A stellar experience with absolutely top notch animation and sound design from beginning to end .
It seems almost churlish to suggest that the mysterious storyline is maybe overly woo-woo and precious .
Dutch-born writer/director Michael Dudok de Wit has a distinct minimalist sensibility that shines throughout his first feature-length animated film , The Red Turtle .
The Red Turtle is a profoundly simple meditation on the many ways we 've become alienated from nature and from the Earth .
Lovely to look at , but lesser Ghibli .
Whatever your perspective , there 's one thing for sure : The Red Turtle is unlike anything else you 've seen in a while .
I dare you to look away .
Although the story is slight , the film leaves viewers with a lasting , haunting impression .
In its artfully drawn frames , a simple and universal story unfolds .
It is this delicate thing , capable of making an audience laugh and cry and smile all at the same time . It is not to be missed .
This is one of those animations that creates a world so beautiful the characters need only wander around in it .
Kids and families are all but guaranteed to return home from the theater profoundly touched .
Watching `` The Red Turtle '' ... is like falling into an 80-minute wormhole of spare artistry .
Incredibly artful , sincere work that rewards patience with an achingly human story of life and death as it tours the vast recesses of the mind .
Dialogue-free , `` The Red Turtle '' begins at simplicity , then accumulates the most delicate of emotions in one compelling scene after another ... superlative visual storytelling . The existential allegories ? They 'll take care of themselves .
... a work of poignant and exquisitely understated storytelling .
A calm , quietly touching beauty , a fable about man , nature , family , the environment -- I do n't know , life itself .
It 's possible that you will feel slightly underwhelmed by the end , even as you murmur to yourself , `` Well , that was lovely . '' But underwhelmed is not quite the same as disappointed .
... evokes , in its primeval beauty , something of a seaside Garden of Eden .
A magical love story - the romance between a castaway and a natural spirit - that explores the relationship between human beings and nature . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A fable , beautifully drawn in calm , soothing colors , it does n't even have dialogue , let alone a throbbing soundtrack . Those sounds you hear are the sounds of silence , and eventually they become hypnotic .
This is a timeless tale that has no need to shout -LRB- or even speak -RRB- about how deliriously beautiful it is .
A hypnotic story , risky and overflowing with sensitivity that arouses curiosity , tension , surprise , admiration , empathy or emotion . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a beautiful example of what animation as a medium is capable of , of what it can achieve that live-action storytelling can not .
Truth , grace , and simplicity rule in this film , which establishes Dudok de Wit as a rising star in world animation and provides audiences on these shores with a memorably unusual adventure .
Beautiful word-free drama about castaway who finds love .
The animation of The Red Turtle is exquisite , making the film a visual splendor . But the story itself is almost simplistic to a fault , flirting with the fantastical but not going far enough .
A full animated feature of rich themes and breathtaking imagery .
Despite the surrealism , the road that this unorthodox family follows is largely universal .
Though not a canonical Ghibli picture , the fact that their last two features The Tale of the Princess Kaguya and When Marnie Was There centered on well-conceived female characters makes the gender politics here doubly disappointing .
Wholly original , yet informed by legends of both the East and West , it invites us to contemplate humanity 's connections to the natural world and the realm of the spirit .
This quiet meditation on humans ' relationship with nature hews to Ghibli 's core values of exquisitely rendered visual images combined with gently ruminative sensibilities .
A transcendent masterpiece that speaks volumes without saying a word .
Told with simplicity , elegance and no dialogue whatsoever , it 's an animated fable about loneliness and hope .
It 's more sensation than story -- more impressionistic than thematic . As an accomplishment alone , it should be held as a landmark ... but as a narrative rather than as an object to admire , it struggles to have anything salient to say .
If you want to see it as a parable , that 's up to you . In all ways , the film plays its hand gently .
The lack of dialogue may skew towards the experimental , but The Red Turtle 's humanity is completely experiential in a way that matches the best Studio Ghibli joints .
The Red Turtle succeeds as both a sumptuous story of humanity 's potential for unity with nature and an example of the unique human capacity for understanding through art .
... a combination of digital and hand drawn animation which reflects both the beauty and cruelty of nature and man 's place within it .
A thoroughly disarming fairy tale , one that initially appears familiar , but eventually reveals itself to be something new , and altogether unexpected .
... a profound meditation on ingenuity and the human condition .
The delicacy of the animated movie The Red Turtle ... is so quietly breathtaking that to call it a tone poem does n't quite do the film justice .
Equally enchanting , poetic , sad , breathtaking and mesmerizing . It 's among the best Animated films in recent years .
Dudok de Wit makes every scene gripping . It also doubles as an example of the universal power of visual storytelling .
Should you see The Red Turtle ? Yes , definitely if you 're willing to take in the hypnotic images without worrying about the plot -LRB- which is almost as simple as it seems -RRB- or waiting for a telling piece of dialogue .
The Red Turtle is an elegant reminder that hand-drawn animation has a unique grace that no CGI animation can replicate , regardless of how well it 's executed .
`` The Red Turtle '' practices a minor , gentle magic . It wants you to smile and say , `` Ahh , '' rather than gasp and say , `` Wow . ''
The animators do n't overplay the loveliness , preferring subdued colors punctuated by the occasional vivid blue . Red rarely appears , and the many dream sequences are as gray as the night from which they emerge .
`` The Red Turtle '' is poetry made cinema , an exquisite existential allegory that says everything without having to say anything at all .
Like Ghibli 's classic films , especially Hayao Miyazaki 's , it lavishes as much attention on the natural world as the creatures who inhabit it .
The hand-drawn animation is absolutely gorgeous ... Yet I found The Red Turtle to be relentlessly depressing , tainted by cruelty .
You can read this gorgeous and soothing semi-fantasy as an honest and gutting look at one man 's bottomless guilt - or you could bend your logical mind and accept it as that and so much more .
It invites us - as in , anyone who 's ever felt stranded - to consider our little spot in the world . Lavish with stunning imagery , the experience will ripple into your dreams .
Dudok de Wit modulates our emotions in sophisticated ways , first accessing the awe of The Black Stallion , then straight-up guilt and , finally , an evolution that ca n't be explained by anything other than hope .
A thoughtful film about the cycle of life , and a sublime cinematic achievement . A masterpiece , in fact .
Director Michael Dudok de Wit is drawn to transcendental refinement , seeking to provide us refuge from the excess of our world .
A fable of love to the union of respect and armony with Nature , which does n't need words to convey the breadth of nuances within the relationship between the shipwrecked and the mysterious turtle . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Red Turtle is a wondrous work of animation , that will surprise with how it hides profundity within its seemingly simplistic narrative .
Rich , dense , and delicately devastating in its examination of the parts of life that truly matter .
Add The Red Turtle to the growing stack of largely disappointing films from Ghibli 's new generation of untested directors .
`` The Red Turtle '' is a visually stunning poetic fable , but there 's more on its mind than simply beauty .
Though some may find its allusiveness and magical-realist turns to be overly fanciful , The Red Turtle nevertheless remains throughout a simple , gripping story of survival ...
The Red Turtle will make you want to ... discover your own private island paradise .
The movie is so rich with texture , pattern , and subtle color effects and gradations that you 're not just seeing a drawing move but running your hands over the imaginary paper the living images are flickering over .
Although it 's a stylistic leap from Studio Ghibli 's beloved classics , its contemplation of such familiar themes will no doubt resonate with soot sprite and river spirit fans alike .
There 's no doubt that The Red Turtle is charming and enchanting , but it 's muted tone , leisurely pace and jarring lack of dialogue in the last half make for a less emotive conclusion than the simple story could have earned .
An enchanting , serene feature that makes for an ineffably moving , and truly engaging cinematic experience .
The Red Turtle is about the importance of life , big or small , and its interconnectedness . It 's a beautiful and thoughtful film .
Dudok de Wit 's sparse work acquires the power of a fable , leaping years and revealing images that have the timeless power of cave drawings . The final scenes are resolutely simple but deeply powerful , encapsulating life 's passage .
The island 's gorgeous to look at , but that beauty hides a darker side - and that 's just as true for The Red Turtle .
Everything about this fantastical story is enchantingly simple . But do n't be fooled by its almost meditative mood , The Red Turtle is one of the most affecting films of the year .
To this viewer , too , The Red Turtle resembles a short film padded to feature length , and I confess that its 80 minutes felt very long .
The Red Turtle is an exquisite piece of art , a breathless celebration of nature , and an achingly beautiful story of survival against all odds that feels like a fairy tale in its delivery . In other words , it is essential viewing .
A simple but deep animation jewel that sticks in your head for hours after leaving the movie theater . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Dudok de Wit tells his tale in deft , economical strokes , without adding superfluous detail .
The Red Turtle is one of the more subtle films of the year so far , relying heavily on the omnipresent touch of spirituality and the connective tissue of humans and nature .
Unlikely as it sounds , this strangely compelling allegory is punctuated by nerve-wrecking action scenes , as the survivors battle against elements and circumstance .
A delicate essay on the transience of life and the disproportionate weight that we often put on what is not essential . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
It 's a work of beauty ; the underwater swimming sequences have the fluidity of ballet , and it is continuously eye-catching , with a simple story line that should easily cross borders .
With unpretentious poetry to spare , Dutch illustrator and animator Michael Dudok de Wit winningly expands to feature length the verve that has been evident in his award-winning short films for two decades .
Michaël Dudok De Wit excels at producing compelling drama from such extreme self-imposed limitations .
This is a quiet little masterpiece of images , each one rich with meaning , that collectively speak to a universal process .
Though there is n't a single word of dialogue in the film 's 80-minute running time , the big questions it asks , about ambition , acceptance and the beauty of companionship , ring loud in every heart-melting frame .
Like The Red Turtle 's shipwrecked protagonist , you have to simply stop fighting the current and go with the flow .
A fable so simple , so pure , it feels as if it has existed for hundreds of years , like a brilliant shard of sea glass rendered smooth and elegant through generations of retelling .

@highlight

The Red Turtle adds to Studio Ghibli 's estimable legacy with a beautifully animated effort whose deceptively simple story boasts narrative layers as richly absorbing as its lovely visuals .