The pace fast and furious and the invention , I suppose , inventive in the sense that a new nonsense always follows hard on the heels of an old nonsense and blow follows blow in crunching virtuosity of method .
Cliff-hanging , 1964 : that 's From Russia with Love . That is , you get a complete serial every five minutes , often with a new babe or two falling for James Bond 's masculine charms .
The series ' tightest expression of brutes playacting as gentlemen
The success of Dr. No has no doubt given the James Bond team added confidence , if that was necessary , and From Russia with Love is made by people who clearly know that they now have a gilt-edged formula to play with .
Everything that worked in DR. NO is fully realized here . Sean Connery is 10 times more confident here as 007 , oozing charm and masculinity .
The second Bond is one of the best in the series , due to the intriguing plot , sinister villains , and fabulously staged fight aboard the Orient Express .
It has more in common spiritually with Le Carre than Fleming . Only after James Bond 's vulnerabilities have been further exploited than in `` Dr. No '' does he succeed . `` Russia '' is about as far as it gets from the biggest Bond , but it 's easily the best .
One of just a couple Bond adventures that is genuinely great as cinema .
Creative Cold War Bond thriller is best for teens and up .
It 's not too different from the non-Bond action thrillers of the same era , in which company it falls well short of the top film , North by Northwest . Plenty of period charm , though , and a few of the Bond franchise 's most Austin Powers-esque moments .
Much of it borders on the inept and the embarrassing , and that goes for the title song sung by Matt Monro , the `` singing bus-driver '' .
One of the finest Bond outings , this flourished in the paranoia of the times before the franchise was devalued by an over-reliance on gadgets , camp quips and a skittish lack of focus or direction .
The film lacks the exotic , colourful flamboyance of the best of its successors . So shoot me .
The stylish second Bond film From Russia With Love now looks as if it was shot yesterday .
FRWL has character and dash , and even something of a conventional plot , all worth revisiting for this pin-sharp restoration .
The narrative is plodding , time has not been kind to set-pieces that were once so thrilling and now seem oddly perfunctory , and 007 's misogyny and casual slapping of several women is more than faintly repellent .
Honestly , nobody does it better . .
This is probably the best Bond film made .
Sean Connery 's second outing as James Bond became his personal favorite , and that of many Bond fans around the world . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
... a pivotal entry within the series ...
Sophisticated ? Well , not really . But fast , smart , shrewdly directed and capably performed .
From Russia with Love is a preposterous , skillful slab of hardhitting , sexy hokum .
With a tight , witty script and unforgettable baddies , this is one of the very best entries in the series , stylishly cementing the formula -- for good or ill .
For my money , still the best Bond , with a screwball plotline that keeps the locales changing and the surprises coming .
One of the best of the Bond films .
A fantastic spy thriller , Connery is Bond
ce deuxième opus continue d'exploiter avec un plaisir coupable les possibilités infinies de cet univers cinématographique fonctionnant uniquement à la testostérone
A James Bond movie with the sensibilities of a classic Cold War thriller .
007 is very much with us again , and anyone who has n't yet got to know him is urged to do so right away !
Only `` Goldfinger '' was a better Bond for Connery .
This film began the fine tradition of deviating from Ian Fleming 's novels , which gave us the suave , sophisticated Bond over Fleming 's monosyllabic misogynist .
3.5
Classic Bond . More plot heavy , but still has a great gypsy fight , train fight and helicoptor boat chase . Rosa Klebb is a classic .
Connery 's best Bond . Never again would he be this assured . This is closer to a classic spy thriller than any other Bond .
Bond 's still finding his legs in this adequate entry , not quite lost in the shadow of the subsequent Goldfinger .
The best Bond ever . Period !
One of the most popular Bond movies and a terrific thriller in its own right , owing much to Alfred Hitchcock and Carol Reed 's The Third Man in its marvellous atmosphere of foreign intrigue .
A thrilling espionage adventure chock full of iconic characters , set pieces and one-liners .
As a non-fan of the Ian Fleming super spy and a moderate admirer of such films as Moonraker , I find that the essential point of enjoyment to be the films ' very flaws : the admiration of their kitsch factor .
Standing at the pinnacle of the series , From Russia with Love shows how good a Bond film can be when all the ingredients mesh .
It 's one of the franchise 's highlights , and if the dated action can be forgiven , a cracking cold war story .
Any Bond film starring Connery remains a delight to watch .
... more outright suspense and excitement than any of the newer concoctions .
One of the shiniest examples of Bonds from golden Connery era .











@highlight

The second James Bond film , From Russia with Love is a razor-sharp , briskly-paced Cold War thriller that features several electrifying action scenes .