Just like Roger Murtaugh in Lethal Weapon , you do get the impression of Liam thinking he 's `` too old for this s -- '' .
This mind-achingly preposterous thriller never manages to develop any tension , thrills or drama .
An obvious improvement over Jaume Collet-Serra and Liam Neeson 's previous collaboration , 2015 's disastrous Run All Night ...
There 's some timely-yet-clumsy political commentary , which might be compelling if it was delivered by a guy who did n't make $ 20 million for Taken 3 .
I love a good action-thriller but the content of this film does n't make a lot of sense .
Too implausible , too convoluted to be a serious thriller but Neeson is all in and director Collet-Serra has obvious talent . But who can dope out the plot ?
After the Taken films , Unknown , Non-Stop and Run All Night , Neeson has promised to end his lucrative run as a middle-aged action hero with this . He 's more frantic and believable than usual , with the movie 's real-time feel adding a nice edge of urgency .
... does not grant boredom , even for a second . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's not a great movie that you 'll remember , but it manages to entertain throughout its hour and forty-five minute duration . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
` The Commuter ' is a great ride for action fans .
Diehard fans may enjoy seeing Neeson transform a guitar into , variously , a bludgeon , knife and battering ram in one violent sequence , but otherwise , there 's little joy to be had .
More of the same ... -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The Commuter is a mystery with no real intrigue and a drama without enough substance to cement itself as one of Neeson 's best . Amid the rubble there is an entertaining enough film to provide respite during the Winter blues , just do n't expect too much .
-LSB- Director Jaume Collet-Serra -RSB- never loses the zest and the nerve to make his work undoubtedly fun and spectacular , but he does make certain concessions ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film is vibrant and frenetic from start to finish . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Trains , planes , and automobiles are crashed . Guns are fired . Liam Neeson shouts and scowls . But where the director comes alive is in the choreography of a camera , of the calculus problems presented by his scripts .
The real star is editor Nicholas De Toth , whose breakneck pacing , combined with Neeson 's growling charisma , allows us to forget that not much in The Commuter makes a lick of sense .
All of the elements are there for stylish and suspenseful flick , but the suspense seems to have been forgotten .
The Commuter runs disappointingly close to the far superior Non-Stop .
... simple , solid and resounding entertainment , without further ado . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There is rarely a moment when the film loses momentum and you 're left guessing till the end . Overall , if you 're in the mood for some intrigue and mystery , and of course , are a Neeson fan , this one makes an interesting watch .
It 's preposterous , of course , but the what-would-you-do conundrum gives it an amusing kick and Neeson 's hollowed out everyman is surprisingly compelling .
Byron Willinger , Philip de Blasi and Ryan Engle 's script is puny , but -LSB- director Jaume -RSB- Collet-Serra manages to get it afloat ...
Works from beginning to end despite some unnecessary moments . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Any way you slice it , you have seen the premise of The Commuter before -- maybe a little different , maybe a lot the same -- but the point is you 've seen it .
Action movies are n't always meant to be credible , but here the nonsense level is too destabilising .
Wildly convoluted and the key action scenes are shot in a subpar way , but the film leans into its ridiculousness
Liam Neeson reinvented himself as an action hero with Taken . Since then , the quality of his output has been variable , but one thing is certain : he will never make a worse movie than The Commuter .
It 's hard not to derive some pleasure from watching Neeson fling himself about a rickety commuter train -LRB- and , in one set piece , precariously close to some train tracks -RRB- , throwing insults at Goldman Sachs `` on behalf of the American middle class '' .
This clumsily orchestrated and preposterously plotted film judders to a standstill long before that speeding train does .
The Commuter is a '90s high concept action thriller that is well worth the fare and is another brilliant entry in the Neeson season collection !
Michael is ahead of this viewer when it comes to working out which passenger is the target , which is how it should be . Some of the action is heart-racing .
The Hitchcockian stranger-on-a-train premise is squandered on lapses in logic and generic close-combat skirmishes . Slow-motion shots and endless tracking through the compartments further impede the flow of a deadly-dull narrative .
The movie is half-baked , incoherent and frequently dull -LRB- a key plot point hinges on the difference between a daily or a weekly travel pass -RRB- , yet , astoundingly , it is set up for a sequel .
Even for mid-January-traditionally the dog days of cinema releases-The Commuter rattles along like an unreliable train to nowhere .
Like a crazed modern hybrid of Murder On The Orient Express and Strangers On A Train , with a plot that grows less credible with every forward chug .
It is nonsense but it is slick , highly entertaining nonsense .
Liam Neeson reunites with director Jaume Collet-Serra for the final action movie of his career . We 're going to miss his unique set of skills .
Proper daft but a right fun watch .
We do n't see movies like The Commuter for logical plots or quality acting , we see them because Neeson is shorthand for popcorn and 90-minute roller coaster rides .
It 's a convoluted plot , to be sure , and you just have to go with the flow and not question it .
It 's just suspenseful enough to keep us wondering how it 'll all turn out .
The proceedings have just enough action to keep you awake without making you feel bludgeoned , if not quite enough plot to make you feel that it was worth all the build up .
Of course to enjoy this explosive cocktail you have to do an exercise in suspension of disbelief . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's competently made and well-acted , and represents 100 minutes of pure , slightly-silly entertainment . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The good cheer with which Collet-Serra defines the supporting players ameliorates The Commuter 's nightmarish premise and draws viewers deeper into its spell .
A trashy , enjoyable B-movie that succeeds in spite of its own absurdity .
It 's formulaic and you can probably guess the ending , but it 's a pacy , enjoyable thriller capable of laughing at itself .
It might be a flashy piece of entertainment , but it 's not a stupid one .
As relentless as its sixty five-year-old lead actor and eager to entertain , logic be damned .
The first half of the film is better than the second - it sets up a recognizable character and lets him work through a moral quandary .
It does n't overstay its welcome , it doesn ; t overstep its boundaries with its plot . It just tries to be an entertaining movie with characters that you can get behind .
Spanish helmer Collet-Serra keeps the action , twists and conspiracy coming thick and fast , while also throwing in some artful editing and genuine jumps .
With fishy-looking types at every turn , it 's like a high-speed Murder On The Orient Express with more face punching .
But for all the style and slickness , The Commuter literally goes off the rails and ends up feeling too close to the man-in-a-box trip we took aboard Non-Stop 's doomed Transatlantic flight .
This tale is so far-fetched there should be a wagon of salt , for regular pinch-taking , hitched to the train 's rear .
From the incredible Godardian opening sequence to the final cheesy resolution , this is a total delight .
A surprisingly enjoyable if instantly forgettable crowd-pleaser that takes the audience for a ride - in more ways than one .
It never gets fun . It 's a dull ride for me . It actually felt like I was a commuter on a train .
None of it made sense . The whodunit , who is it . Speed did a better job of giving me the characters on the bus .
As a thriller it 's mediocre , even by the standards of similar films . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... almost every scene is inexplicable and devoid of common sense including the ending . And , speaking of endings , it seems to me that it is time that Neeson puts an end to these woefully weak follow-ups to ` Taken , ' or find better material .
The best of the Jaume Collet-Serra/Liam Neeson ventures , though there is a pretty narrow range of quality between all of them .
A solid if far-fetched thriller that still entertains , even as it goes off the rails . Terrible title , mind .
I enjoyed it more than the recent reiteration of ` Murder on the Orient Express ' ... Given the option , I 'd choo-choo-choose ` The Commuter ' any day .
A lazy , insulting xerox of better movies about Liam Neeson growling into cell phones at enigmatic villains . Devoid of tension and mystery , and rife with plotholes that derail the trip .
The set pieces and the cliché dialogue seem piled on randomly ...
`` The Commuter '' is a wild , mostly entertaining combination of Jaume Collet-Serra 's general bag of tricks . It 's over-the-top and fun , even if in its own fleeting way , and by the time you 've reached your stop , you do n't feel swindled .
In The Commuter , Neeson , like his character , is simply punching the clock .
In `` The Commuter , '' another late-career actioner , Liam Neeson takes his save-the-day shenanigans aboard the 6:25 train to Cold Spring , a bumpy ride on which he must root out bad guys or it 's the end of the line for his family .
The Neesploitation genre shifts from arthritic debilitation to senile incontinence with an action film so dumb it mainly gets you thinking about how many mysteries set on a train are preferable . The answer ? All of them .
The identity of the `` surprise '' villain was obvious before the script was even written . But Liam Neeson 's committed performance provides a strong center to an increasingly outlandish storyline .
Liam Neeson 's punches save the day in this satisfying , 90s-inspired Jaume Collet-Serra locomotive .
The Commuter is executed with the gritty determination of people who really want to go home .
As for Neeson , to call him a `` reliable '' actor is a polite way of saying he has few surprises left in him ; his relentlessly even manner dampens down any possible excitement .
The Commuter is a goofy and formulaic thriller , but also an entertaining one thanks to Neeson 's action star chops and Collet-Serra 's sense of style .
Neeson 's fourth pairing with director Jaume Collet-Serra , this thriller is far from great , but the duo 's usual blend of non-stop action and silly suspense still works like crazy .
So , while it 's fun trying to piece together what 's going on , it 's the `` how '' that really makes or breaks the movie , and boy , does it make it .
A quintessential January release after the headiness of awards season , The Commuter is dumb fun as long as you 're just along for the ride .
It 's got lots of action and tension . It has an amazing scene that involves smashing an electric guitar on someone 's head .
If this is indeed Neeson 's last action go-round , we can still follow him to the end of the line with minimal risk of disappointment .
The Commuter is n't a tough puzzle to solve , and it veers closely to being obvious at times . But easy , unsubtle , unabashedly masculine action films do n't need nuance as long as they 're this much of a goofy pleasure to watch .
If anything , the movie sure beats getting stuck in rush hour traffic on the way home from work . Make of that what you will .
I guess we can give it a golf clap or two for trying .
Liam Neeson punches his way to justice in a respectably forgettable , good-while-it-lasts action thriller .
As it stands , it 's an efficient , diverting new entry in Neeson 's ongoing action canon , albeit one which suggests his He-Man career route has finally reached the end of the line .
Even Neeson 's seriousness ca n't make sense out of a non-character in a movie that 's derailed by a screenplay that feels generic and implausible .
If you do n't think too hard about why Neeson gets brought in or how the baddies operate or what the point is , you may be able to enjoy yourself . At least until the final act , when the film goes off the rails . Like a train might do .
The train is the most realistic performer here , but you could do a lot worse .
The great Liam Neeson should have said no to another go round with director Jaume Collet-Serra .
Disposable but better-than-average Neeson actioner .
Straight-up action product ...
The final optimism of the film 's worldview lands with a conviction that 's rare in contemporary Hollywood cinema .
... does n't gain much traction from its claustrophobic setting aboard a crowded train , nor does it take much time to ponder the moral complexity inherent in its thin ticking-clock premise .
Jaume Collet-Serra has always exulted in details-it 's what helps him stand out as an artist even though he mostly makes this kind of easily dismissed genre fare .
-LSB- Liam -RSB- Neeson lands plenty of punches , but the movie works best when he 's fighting shadows or fighting himself .
... just another junky January thriller where logic is thrown under the bus in favor of enough red herrings to open a fishmonger 's and ` twists ' that exist for their momentary spin .
With Collet-Sera in the conductor 's seat , and Neeson his increasingly eager attendant , the film stays on track .
The skeletal , B-movie plotting is supposed to be self-propelling , but `` The Commuter '' is too ridiculous to get by on its own momentum .
Sigh . Another January , another dumb Liam Neeson action movie . This is the one on a train .
It 's all about what you want from a Liam Neeson action flick . That and managing expectations . Will it be great art ? Probably not . Will it be fun ? Maybe . In this case , it is .
Hitchcockian in the most basic of constructs and modestly suspenseful in the right spots , The Commuter blessedly allows for Neeson to Neeson his way outta sticky situations .
Picture a less suspenseful , dumber and overall ill-conceived rip-off of Non-Stop and you 've got The Commuter . Even Liam Neeson appears underwhelmed .
The movie goes off the rails somewhat before the train does , but the star gives it the ol' Liam Neeson , which Liam Neeson can do better than anybody .
The inevitable derailment - of the train , not his movie - is a model of ludicrous action . It takes too long for The Commuter to build a head of steam but it 's medium speed ahead after that .
The Commuter is the kind of passable potboiler that may satisfy your junk-food sweet tooth on late-night cable a year from now . But in first run at full price , all you 'll end up feeling is taken .
Enough of what happens in the first hour sort of makes sense that one is inclined to forgive the fast-spinning , computer-animated ludicrousness of the second , especially since that second hour is considerate enough to last only 45 minutes .
-LSB- The film is , -RSB- for one trip , action and drama that elevates the ordinary to the extraordinary . It 's a marvellous film
So even if you 're convinced you do n't need to see Neeson grimace his way through yet another race against the clock , this commute is a lot more exciting than what you 're likely to experience on the SkyTrain anytime soon .
The concept and the execution ... fall apart in gradual stages .
The most obvious thing to say about `` The Commuter '' is that it 's a train wreck ; many will say that , and they 'll be right .
... -LSB- an -RSB- enjoyable enough , action film , which , because of the presence of Liam Neeson doing Liam Neeson things , still works .
Trading a plane for a train , its closest cousin is `` Non-Stop , '' and just like that airborne thriller , `` The Commuter '' is two-thirds of a good movie before derailing amid boneheaded predictability in act three .
Like many recent entries to Neeson 's canon , The Commuter is fairly involving until it comes time to explain what 's going on .
It 's Neeson Time , and it 's not in the man to let us down .
I did n't hate it the way I often do January movies . And that 's the nicest thing I can say about it .
Even Liam Neeson 's particular set of skills ca n't keep The Commuter from going off the rails .
The Commuter never thinks it 's something it 's not ; the movie knows it 's a straightforward potboiler and performs adequately as such .
Neeson is the rare actor who can made something as dumb as this reasonably diverting , at least until you run out of patience with the increasingly arcane plot .
Many ridiculous things happen on the train .
If you want to enjoy Liam Neeson 's latest high-speed thriller at all , you 'll have to do more than merely suspend disbelief . You 'll have to grab it , smash it into little pieces and toss them into a black hole .
If The Commuter is one of Liam Neeson 's final action movies , he 's leaving the genre on a high note .
The Commuter 's own problems in the home stretch do n't damage it too badly , but because Collet-Serra is generally so good at what he does , it 's important to hold him to a high standard .
Made with enough skill to paper over its ridiculous plot .
Starts off as a smart thriller in the Hitchcock tradition . Unfortunately , the film soon goes off the rails .
Even with its conspicuous bumps , by the time it 's over The Commuter delivers on a basic level , in what feels like a throwback to old-style , low-octane thrillers .
By the time the inevitable third act twist comes , you 're mostly glad for it just because it means the film is almost over .
With pandering references to the big banks throughout , `` The Commuter , '' has just enough smarts to make its final destination disappointing .
-LSB- Liam -RSB- Neeson is at his Neeson-est here . He is the average American dad who , when pressed , reveals that he has a special set of skills .
The Commuter is exactly the kind of post-Taken aging-action-star part that Neeson could do in his sleep , and while he 's not exactly dozing through the script , it lacks his normal grizzled fire and drive .
Smart enough to know when not to be too smart , The Commuter is a fantastic punch out between Neeson and whoever dares to get in his way .
Frustratingly not-quite-there from start to finish .
Like the dumb cousin to Murder On the Orient Express .
Liam Neeson doing action stuff , basically .
Its ending is convoluted to the point of ridiculous yet Liam Neeson remains committed and indisputably watchable , a beacon amid a smouldering heap of twisted logic and garbled conclusions .
In the end , `` The Commuter '' feels both overstuffed and empty .
Neeson engages in some electrifying close-quarters brawling , and preposterous bits are offset by unanticipated slyness , from our glimpse of a `` You Could Be Home Right Now '' billboard to some hilarious anti-Wall Street shade-throwing .
`` The Commuter '' may be set on the way home after a long , hard day at the office , but this movie feels less like happy hour than work - and uncompensated overtime at that .
This is a winning formula , and if the ocean liner version of this movie were to open next week , I 'd be happy to see it .
It 's not even very good as a genre exercise , and ca n't always keep track of which genre muscles it wants to flex .
Good ol' Liam Neeson , may he never stop fighting .
Once the breakneck pace of the speeding train stops in the third act , all that 's left is the increasingly elaborate and idiotic conspiracy storyline , which Michael has to unravel .
A contrived , slapdash , and ultimately useless thriller that has no perceptible interest in pace or surprise .
Jaume Collet-Serra 's gleefully absurd thriller gives star Liam Neeson a chance to play ` Taken ' on a Train and the tension flames on such a high burner that you wo n't realize the whole thing does n't add up until after you leave the theater .
The Commuter 's script may not be an exercise in fool-proof logic -LRB- the actual plot makes almost no sense in retrospect -RRB- , but its politics are consistent-a rare quality for a contemporary thriller .
The whole story is nothing more than an elaborate MacGuffin . In the end , it 's not important .
If you can get a reduced fare ticket to see The Commuter , it 's a fun ride .
As with The Shallows , Collet-Serra seems to work best within the geographical limitations of a single setting , making for remarkably lucid , well-paced filmmaking .
A story of a routine gone awry - the kind of story that can only be fully sold if the routine itself is affectionately felt .
Like most workday journeys home , it 's functional at best , a total snooze at worst .
Through it all , Neeson - strapping , grizzled , growling and , after the `` Taken '' series and deep immersion in the action genre - gets the job done .
The Commuter further proves Collet-Serra is a master at cleanly setting the dominoes in confined environments and thrillingly controlling their fall .
It 's a completely forgettable movie , but it has some slam-bang moments , and it gets you where it 's going .
What keeps The Commuter on the rails is Neeson himself . He 's in amazing form for a 65-year-old -LRB- his character is only 60 -RRB- , and in terms of actorly presence , he 's still got it .
Even if we know it 's a formulaic B-movie , even if we know where it 's going before its hero does , Neeson never lets on that he knows or cares
Without a brain in its head , The Commuter still manages to be super entertaining and fun .
Sometimes you 're just in the mood to watch Liam Neeson punch people in the face for a couple of hours .
There are some fine actors aboard The Commuter ... but they 're obliterated amid the carriage carnage and cheap lines . This film is expensive-looking trash .
The movie is n't silly enough to be enjoyed as schlock and it 's not smart enough to be taken seriously . It 's just sort of there and then it ends , a missed opportunity soon to be forgotten .
Moral and muscular , it 's the action-movie illustration of Howard Zinn 's proverb , `` You ca n't be neutral on a moving train . ''
Probably just-about watchable to the right crowd , a totally muddled second half makes this one easily the worst of Liam Neeson and Jaume Collet-Serra 's many collaborations .
Taut , inventive , and never in danger of overplaying its hand , The Commuter is a robust and rather old-fashioned thriller ...
It 's Taken on the After Work Express .
The Commuter forfeits a good movie about why an everyman might get ensnared in some lite Hitchcockian mishegoss for a mediocre one about how he might weasel his way out of it
Liam Neeson and Jaume Collet-Serra again team up for another stylish and pulpy Hitchcock homage .
The frequent collaborators hurtle through the expected with an unshakable been-there , done-that air . They 're competent and confident , but they 're simply , uninspiringly retracing their usual route .
Thoroughly enjoyable to watch if totally forgettable once you leave the theater , The Commuter feels like one of those films they simply do n't make anymore , at least in Hollywood .
Delaying the exposition means that the movie comes to a halt in the third act so that conspiracies can be explained and double-crosses can be crossed . For much of its running time , however , this is a solid story .
Collet-Serra cranks up this locomotive as he knows best , building as much breathless , senseless real-time momentum as possible before train and plot go simultaneously , albeit spectacularly , off the rails .

@highlight

The Commuter 's cast is better than its workmanlike script - which helps make this reasonably diverting Liam Neeson action thriller worth the price of a matinee ticket or rental , if not a full-price ticket .