... very little nuance or fresh insight .
While the elements are n't often as neatly assembled as they should be , I give In Secret credit , for it 's surprisingly fun , as imperfect as it is .
Olsen is one of Hollywood 's best young actresses . There is nothing she ca n't do . In the long run , it 's the men who 'll wish they 'd done more to support her suffocating sense of loneliness here .
The film 's most striking performance comes from Jessica Lange , evoking both distaste and sympathy as the heroine 's overbearing mother-in-law .
No knocks to Emile Zola -- who wrote the 1867 French novel which serves as In Secret 's source material -- but the story is stretched excruciatingly thin in this adaptation .
Lange at least has an angle on her character ; the rest of the cast simply hit their marks and spout dialogue like robots , delivering lines which should evoke erotic fervour , but are exchanged without urgency , conviction or belief .
Notable largely for the anguished , nuanced performance of Jessica Lange ...
The problem is that audiences are likely to become as fed up with the murderous lovers -LRB- Oscar Isaac , Elizabeth Olsen -RRB- as they become with each other .
It 's a difficult mix for a directorial debut and , whilst Charlie Stratton seems aware of all the strands , it fails to truly convey Thérèse 's sense of being trapped .
Perhaps the story lends itself rather more to a TV serial , giving Therese time to suffer in her oppressive marriage before embarking on a reckless and ultimately doomed affair .
It 's hard to make a dull version of Thérèse Raquin but they seem to have managed it with In Secret , a dreary , uninspired adaptation of the Emile Zola classic .
Olson and Isaac are hot but what have you done to the story , Stratton ?
The poison slips down easily enough , but it 's diet cola when set against 2009 's Korean vampire movie Thirst , still this book 's most potent screen translation .
If O. Henry and Edgar Allan Poe collaborated on a love story , it might look something like this juicy bit of ironic gothic romance .
Despite compelling performers and source material , In Secret is a ham-fisted misfire .
The movie-settish interiors and street exteriors are all painted grunge green or grunge grey : a one-coat Expressionism bordering on one-brush , broad-stroke miserablism .
Boasts strong performances from a first class cast but never quite justifies its existence .
A tonally indecisive film , which keeps changing its mind about major issues of remorse and ongoing motivation .
More glum than gripping .
Sensitive performances from a willing cast bring Zola 's novel to life on the big screen .
As the sex and punishment tale turns into a full-on soap opera in its third act , it 's a shame to see this cast saddled with this script .
A leaden adaptation of Zola 's 19th century story of guilt and betrayal
It 's visually striking but never subtle about its melodramatic intentions , offering a formulaic story of betrayal and revenge with shallow characters that generally lack emotional and moral complexity .
Passionate period drama deals with infidelity , murder .
Spellbinding , intelligent and suspenseful . Jessica Lange , one of the greatest actresses of our time , delivers a mesmerizing , magnificent performance .
` Love Means Breaking All the Rules ' is the misleading slogan on one promotional graphic . In this case , the hijinks defined as ` breaking all the rules ' include adultery , murder and the excess drinking of absinthe
Not romantic enough , not nearly sexy enough , and not thrilling enough to be considered a thriller , In Secret is easy on the eyes but does little for the heart .
What is meant to be a shocking mash up of passion , murder and longing is transformed into a heavy dose of Sominex .
It 's slow moving and can even be characterized as boring in parts , but it did keep my interest enough to finish it .
Give Stratton and his cast points for effort , but sadly , In Secret lacks the passion to haunt us as much as the main character remains haunted by her own fears and desires .
This is a lush , rich film , and not a bad beginning for first-time director Stratton .
`` In Secret '' is a suspenseful drama that ever-so-gradually sneaks up on you .
It 's most remarkable as a pairing of two inspired actresses with four decades separating them : 25-year-old Elizabeth Olsen , the bewitching star of Martha Marcy May Marlene , and 64-year-old Jessica Lange .
The cast is excellent , but the film is often off-putting , like a window onto a staged version of the novel .
At one point during the film , Camille says , `` Is there anything as depressingly calm as a Sunday afternoon ? '' In Secret is the cinematic equivalent of a Sunday afternoon .
Like any adaptation , the film glosses over some of the finer details of the novel , but it preserves the author 's moral ambiguity towards his characters .
The film 's principal characters descend into the nightmare made real that compelling storytellers Stratton and Zola build around them .
`` In Secret '' does n't judge its characters ' behavior . What it does , instead , is show the bad choices they make and the terrible ramifications of those choices .
A stylish , nervy film , one that captures the manners and mores of its 19th-century setting while making the emotions it deals with utterly contemporary .
For those who want sweeping , `` In Secret '' offers all the essentials - unbridled passion , deceit , fate so unkind , a classically creepy mother and grand tragedy .
Despite its able cast and handsome period costumes , In Secret is , in fact , quite awful .
An effective period piece thriller that incorporates love , lust , desperation , and madness into a stew thickened by a gothic atmosphere .
Olsen and Isaac never really create the kind of amour fou that a story like this depends on , let alone the self-loathing guilt that their crime is supposed to engender .
Isaac is better in his early scenes as a seducer , Olsen is better in her bitter , angry later scenes , but they synch up by the film 's over-the-top last moments .
Indeed , the darknesses pile up on one another with such an alarming rate -LRB- Murders ! Strokes ! Secrets ! -RRB- , the tone of the entire film shifts from one of illicit sexual naughtiness to downright death-obsessed Gothic melodrama .
It 's a tragedy captured in hushed tones and muted colors , a story in which everyone and no one is to blame .
-LSB- A -RSB- wicked , The Postman Always Rings Twice-style riff on the 19th-century bodice ripper Thérèse Raquin .
Since In Secret is based on a literary classic , it 's hard to accuse the movie of feeling predictable , but there 's truly nothing surprising in the robotic way Stratton approaches the material .
Too conservative to rouse us , too timid to shock us , and too condensed to be anything but Therese Raquin in name .
Without Zola 's churning narrative and analytical bite , the movie plays like an animatronic museum piece .
Olsen widens her eyes and parts her lips prettily , but she 's a wan , recessive presence and an increasingly problematic one as Therese and Laurent are engulfed by mud and blood .
Though it 's always a pleasure seeing Lange being theatrically anguished -LRB- you expect the skies to part with thunder -RRB- , or Olsen 's doleful beauty , `` In Secret '' never quite rings true .
Rather than revealing the brutish natures of Zola 's characters , the movie 's lovers seem simply to be following a yellowed script , more with duty than passion .
A film rich in atmosphere but emotionally as blunt as its title .
Though the more lurid aspects of Zola 's story scandalized readers in his day , they will be well familiar to anyone who has studied Hollywood 's pulpy black-and-white thrillers of the 1940s .
Whatever possessed the people who made this film to believe its ponderous style would appeal to contemporary audiences ?
In Secret offers a generous supply of stolen moments and impromptu couplings imaginatively choreographed by secret lovers on the fly .
In Secret probes these troubled minds from an arm 's - length remove .
A respectable , though hardly entrancing , adaptation of Zola 's once-notorious novel , though there 's a whiff of minor Masterpiece Theatre about it .
`` In Secret '' is a thumping good melodrama , a style of storytelling that 's fallen into obscurity .
Deviants pay a steep price in this tale of repression , desire , recrimination , vengeance , and remorse .
Effectively economical adaptation of Zola 's Thérèse Raquin results in a handsomely produced , highly satisfying psychological thriller .
Though it sounds like a contradiction , the film could be described as both dull and over the top .
... the gang of family friends that often visits enable some light to break through the darkness . Not enough though .
`` In Secret '' is like watching one of those gritty film noir melodramas from the 1940s , only set in 1860s Paris - and , unfortunately , without much of the edge of those earlier , set-later predecessors .
As cinema it is simply inept , with a talented cast rendered ugly and stiff as they speak in inexplicable British accents .
Isaac 's sly delineation of the charismatic Laurent provides the through-line . Olsen is pretty good , too ...
Olsen makes good use of her delicate looks by playing against them , and so some of the best moments of `` In Secret '' come when the mask of propriety drops and Therese , dead-eyed and fierce , reveals what lurks beneath .
The striking cinematography and rich production design , evoking the lower strata of 1860s Paris , are not enough to mitigate the fact that a suspenseful saga grows tedious and even occasionally ridiculous .
A surprisingly dull adultery drama that covers standard ground -LRB- loveless marriage ; repression ; transgression and guilt -RRB- without much flair or insight .
The acting is good , the story of doomed lovers suitably tragic . But the film is never quite moving in the way one would hope .
Stratton sticks close to the events of the novel , but his tone is decidedly skewed , taking a tragic story of guilt and repression and turning it into a campy potboiler .
A relationship that tumbles into chaos and a movie that follows suit .
A brooding and sumptuous thriller . `` In Secret '' is immensely fine , sudsy climactic theatricality and all .
` In Secret ' whittles -LSB- Emile Zola 's novel -RSB- down to the bone , keeping only period garb , admittedly beautiful musty lighting and , in the case of three of its leads , fake British accents .
`` In Secret '' is likely to remain safe from prying eyes .
The generic title In Secret is as uninspired as the movie itself .
Elizabeth Olsen , Oscar Isaacs , Tom Felton and Jessica Lange offer compelling performances in a provocative remake that 's stirring until its withered end .
The only thing Stratton , a former television actor making his first feature , has going for him is the casting of Jessica Lange .
The original `` film noir , '' a bit less thrilling and more melodramatic than one would have hoped .
In Secret boasts vigor and thematic richness , that feeling of artists expressing something vital rather than just banging out that year 's script from the drawer .
Olsen uses her big eyes well , conveying Thérèse 's inner torment with a slow burn until her eyes seem ready to burst from her head .
A dispassionate adaptation of Émile Zola 's novel that shocked audiences in 1867 with its tale of lust and murder , but now that its let 's - kill-my-husband plot has been redone in countless noir films , what was once fresh now plays very stale indeed .
It 's a moralistic story , one that does n't quite suit the modern exuberance of Charlie Stratton 's cast .
It 's a very good exercise . I recommend the film -- so long as you realize that it 's about as far from cheerful as you 're likely to get , and emotional involvement may be hard to find .
A broad , crude mutilation of Emile Zola 's noirish romance Thérèse Raquin that prioritizes heavy petting over plot .
Therese is almost voyeuristically distant from what 's happening on screen , asking the audience to observe , but ... the impact is more academic than sensual .
Filmmaker Charlie Stratton takes a rather obvious approach to Emile Zola 's iconic 1867 novel Therese Raquin , ramping up the melodrama while drenching everything in shadowy doom and gloom .

@highlight

Although it benefits from a strong cast , In Secret 's stars ca n't totally compensate for the movie 's sodden pacing and overly familiar story .