I expected more from Rob Reiner .
A surprising-engaging and beautifully-told story about young romance .
Has my heart grown so cold and battle-scarred that I ca n't allow myself to be completely won over by Flipped , or is Flipped such a load of flavorless mush that there 's not enough charm for me to embrace ?
At times , the movie feels like a commercial for Wonder Bread , stretched to feature length .
The importance of understanding varying perspectives is always worth communicating , and Flipped , despite its cloying approach , manages to deliver this idea with a decent amount of sincerity intact .
If the feature does n't latch on to the senses immediately with its sugared claws , it 's a long , ugly 85 minutes of dreadful behavior to endure , waiting for an ending that never arrives .
I suppose some people may respond to this nostalgic ode to innocence and chastity , but I found it insufferable .
... if you want a wholesome , ultimately feel-good film about young love , this might be it . Or not .
Not perfect , but its aspirations are admirable , and its execution is surprisingly effective considering -LRB- or maybe because of -RRB- its unadulterated sentimentality .
The movie feels static , like a diorama of ? 60s life rather than a living , breathing story .
Rob Reiner seems to be aiming for a boomer audience , but it 's a relentless exercise in nostalgia -- clothes , hair styles , cars , and doo-wop soundtrack -- that feels manipulative .
You 'll flip for this gentle , clever movie . You are hereby forgiven for `` North , '' Mr. Reiner .
Perfectly innocent , unexpectedly charming .
... takes what could have been a charming coming-of-age story and buries it beneath layers of cinematic overkill that push you away from the film when they should be drawing you in .
Flipped is Rob Reiner 's best film in 18 years .
The latest from director Rob Reiner is a well-meaning mess that wants to tap into universal experiences of childhood and first love but bogs down in squirm-inducing banalities .
The kids provide an earnest emotional through line to a tiny story , and I sort of hope it kicks off a new mature period for Reiner as a filmmaker .
It makes sense that Flipped is based on a book , because what it has going for it is a charm -- the pleasure of hanging out with likable characters -- that the movies do n't have much time for lately .
Flipped is as phony as a poodle-skirted waitress at a mall diner , yet it 's as sweet as a malt . A vanilla one .
Reiner was clearly sick the day they taught filmmaking at film school-you show , not tell the audience what 's going on . What at first seems sort of clever quickly turns into an exercise in exasperating tedium .
Reiner , who made the similarly themed The Sure Thing about opposites who repel and attract , is a most sympathetic director of actors .
This is the movie version of comfort food from your grandmother : Familiar , wholesome and rather bland .
Rather than providing insight into childhood and the past , Flipped merely panders to those who want to idealize them .
It 's a bit too Wonder Years at times , but the odd two-narrators gimmick plays right into the film 's `` flip '' in structure .
-LSB- C -RSB- harming little coming-of-age teen romance ... It 's -LSB- a shame that -RSB- a lovely movie that 's truly suitable for the whole family can not find an audience in the current movie environment .
A remarkable family film that accomplishes something rare : It catches its young protagonists in the act of growing up , of beginning to learn who they are .
What starts off as a beautifully innocent tale of two teens navigating confusing feelings for one another , is stomped all over by painfully overdone grownup nonsense .
Flipped is essentially a Hail Mary pass designed to remind us that director , producer and co-screenwriter Reiner is the guy who made Stand By Me .
... an utterly charming coming-of-age movie that deserves to be widely seen instead of dumped into the end-of-summer wasteland .
Though larded with voice-over narration by its early - '60s - era adolescent protagonist , Rob Reiner 's wholesome movie of teen romance gels into a sturdy drama .
We all remember the days when the smallest act of kindness or meanness changed everything and , thanks to two very strong central performances , Flipped captures the essence of those times in a gentle , sentimental romance .
You wo n't find two better youthful actors directed by a comic genius in any other film this summer .
Reiner has given this generation of moviegoers a peek at a simpler time , an era in American history that was innocent , yet on the verge of losing that innocence .
A wholesome , genuinely heartfelt , sweet and uplifting story that everyone , young and old , can easily fall in love with .
This is a slow , pretty , one-dimensional undertaking . The story is free of any real conflict or depth -- it 's just kind of big and shiny , not unlike an expensive Hallmark greeting card .
Coming-of-age romance brings light touch to heavy themes .
Upon reflection : if the subject in this ` Rashomon-com ' is n't all that involving at first glance , a second peek from the other side of the looking glass may not carry that much more insight .
Flipped is a sweet , engaging family film with enough heart for two movies .
That Flipped is n't insufferably cute is a measure of its integrity . But it still strains to view the world through the eyes of children without a filter of grown-up cynicism .
We have here a movie that 's pitch-perfect one minute and awkwardly schmaltzy the next .
The whole thing would go down like a peanut butter and marshmallow sandwich , were it not for the lively lead presence of Madeline Carroll and Callan McAuliffe , two young talents who make the movie better than it deserves to be .
There 's barely half a film here , stretched and pulled so thin you can nearly see through it .
Rob Reiner 's best effort in more than ten years .
An endearing story that follows the obsessions and frustrations of first love .
A pleasantly nostalgic and well-intentioned family movie featuring strong performances by its young actors .
With great sensitivity and insight , Reiner evokes the agonizing sweetness of first love and the way that it stays alive in us always .
A minor pleasure that will strike a lot of moviegoers -- those who think no one makes movies for them anymore -- as a major treat .
Flipped offers an achingly familiar look at puppy love from two contrasting angles , each of them insufferably saccharine .
Based on a popular young-adult novel and brimming with all the angst and schmaltz you 'd expect from such a source , this awkward coming-of-age drama does nothing to gild the legacy of middlebrow maestro Rob Reiner .
Youth and nostalgia are no excuse ; even The Wonder Years called off the narration so the story could tell itself .
Reiner 's picture lands somewhere between synthetic nostalgia and the texture of real life .
Sitting through Rob Reiner 's adaptation of Wendelin Van Draanen 's YA novel is like watching the summer 's worst movie -- twice .
Maybe what makes Flipped such a warm entertainment is how it re-creates a life we wish we 'd had when we were 14 .
The central character is so mealy and formless that you hope he 'll get hit by a truck or otherwise disappear , replaced by a character with whom you actually want to engage .
A treacly tweener saga of first love that drowns in nostalgia , Flipped furthers Rob Reiner 's slide into irrelevance .
... this ` He said/She said ' look at a couple of kids ' formative years has so much narration it 's more illustrated book than movie , but it certainly is a cute read .
Though the dialogue rings too chirpy -LRB- `` Gee whiz ! '' -RRB- and faintly anachronistic -LRB- `` Get over it , man ! '' -RRB- , the acting is wonderfully subtle ...
Hugely pales in comparison to 2005 's Little Manhattan and 2007 's Bridge to Terabithia , other recent pictures centering on middle school-aged love and friendship .
Though ... an improvement on -LSB- Reiner 's -RSB- recent efforts , it 's still too frail and cutesy to be much more than passable .
The cast is strong and the irregular structure works perfectly . Welcome back , Mr. Reiner .
A beautifully crafted and special movie , one likely to stay with you long after most of the so-called summer blockbusters have faded into memory .
Funny , fresh and totally engaging , it 's a nostalgic gem .
Could be one of the great films . I mean one of THE great films . I wish I could have seen it when I was a kid , before I learned everything the hard way .
... rich , warm and wonderful ...
It 's Reiner 's best film in a decade ... but just look at the competition ...
I ca n't say anything nice about Flipped , a painfully clumsy adaptation of a tween novel by Wendelin Van Draanen .
Flipped is the kind of small , special movie that wraps you up in so much warmth , humor and humanity that it will leave you wishing that stories like this were n't so rare .
Flipped is sweet but unsubstantial , kinda like puppy love itself .
Flipped is sweet and something like honest , heartfelt and phonily sincere , and it will be , at risk of coarse honesty , catnip for old people .
Reiner , in very broad strokes , works in issues of poverty , thwarted dreams and family obligation , and almost pulls it off .
It 's great to see Rob Reiner make a film that is every inch as warm and human and enjoyable as the films he made his name with in the early part of his career .
A somewhat leaden piece of work , its considerable charms nearly smothered by strange pacing and awkward staging .
Reiner again demonstrates compassion and insight into young people 's battles to acquire self-knowledge , but in his new film , too many clearly fictional characters and contrived situations bog down his story .


@highlight

While not without its nostalgic charms , Rob Reiner 's sometimes awkward adaptation of Wendelin Van Draanen 's childhood novel does n't reach the heights of the director 's earlier work like Stand By Me .