The lovely twilit moments in this movie stay with one , and that summoning them up in your mind is like slowing down time .
This is a film where the promise of romance is almost as important as the romance itself . And perceptively gliding through it , Clarkson and her intricate yet simple approach is a quiet sensation .
Cairo Time 's narrative is manna for the menopausal , but , at the very least , worthy for the rest .
Not much happens in `` Cairo Time , '' and it doesn?t happen in slow , languid fashion .
What makes Cairo Time work stems from the playing of the leads and the manner in which Nadda presents the setting .
... has at its heart the mildest kind of dalliance , a betrayal so small and excusable it might n't even register .
Clarkson , in one of her few leading roles , is the film 's bright spot and reason for seeing the film .
Clarkson , as always , is genuine and terrific .
It 's hard to call Cairo Time a `` romance . '' Really , what it is is one of the rare realistic movies about attraction .
Clarkson not only anchors Nadda 's film , but she lifts it up onto her shoulders , carrying it along and helping it become an emotional and thoughtful story of one woman 's journey of self-discovery .
Flirtation is often sexier than consummation . There 's a constant ` should I or should n't I ' tension that gives a tale some spine .
The picturesque romantic travelogue ... is as obvious but elegant as the bit of symbolism that ends it .
A sumptuous feast for heart , head , eye and ear .
Clarkson lights up Ruba Nadda 's stately drama Cairo Time like the moon on a summer night , making every moment luminous with quiet , resigned longing .
The at-times slow and indulgent pacing of Cairo Time will frustrate a few viewers , even if the Egyptian landmarks and scenery is stunning .
Between -LSB- Clarkson and Siddig -RSB- , they make Cairo Time a much more involving , lingering experience than it it probably deserves to be .
What it has going for it , however , is a strong performance from Clarkson , who has become one of the more reliable character actors in independent film .
Confirms two things that hardly need confirming : The Egyptian capital is a breathtaking metropolis , and Patricia Clarkson is one of the best actors in the world .
Cairo Time is like dozens of other bittersweet romances about strangers who meet under less-than-ideal circumstances .
Minus Patricia Clarkson 's pitch-perfect performance , the lovely to look at but monotonously paced Cairo Times would wind up less satisfying .
Cairo Time proves hard to resist , the film 's familiarity gradually giving way to a playfulness that feels new to the impossible-love subset of bourgeois melodrama .
Cairo Time : Take the time to see it .
A subtle , quiet , slow film that succeeds in not only burrowing under your skin and into your mind during its running time but has a remarkable ability to stay there for days and weeks afterward .
This is a poetic , romantic , emotionally complex film that sneaks up on you , particularly in its final scenes .
Nadda 's camera captures it wonderfully ; the simple placement of her lens is how we 'd see it : looking through a crowd at eye level , looking down on a city intersection from a train window .
Nadda is a fine writer of dialogue , sensitive with her actors -- both of whom give superb performances -- and confident in her decision to slow things down .
Ruba Nadda allows Clarkson 's fascinating take on Juliette to point the way towards a truly beautiful and memorable conclusion .
The breadth of emotions that play across Clarkson 's face are too delicate to engage after a whole lot of nothing .
Clarkson proves what her fans have known forever : She 's ready for the spotlight . With luck she 'll stay there for a while .
In the Middle Eastern-spiced , new age `` Romeo and Juliet '' story `` Cairo Time , '' middle-aged actors Patricia Clarkson and Alexander Siddig show the youngsters how it 's done .
The plot does n't really stand up to scrutiny , but Cairo Time works on an emotional level and is a hassle-free way to sample Egypt .
The movie is n't sure what , politically or even romantically , it 's about .
One film that finds a space between the old women 's picture and the new chick flick is Cairo Time . It 's a throwback to the understated simplicity of the British romance A Brief Encounter .
Whilst Nadda has crafted a solid musing on life choices and unexpected love , it 's no substitute for the real thing .
Nadda has managed to create space for two performances that feel wistful , serious and self-aware .
While slight , it has the texture and mood of a nice short story , and comes as a relief after so many loud , blustery Hollywood pictures .
The sort of subtle and beautifully sad romance Hollywood hardly ever makes . An elegy for the circumstances that get in the way of love .
Driven by outstanding performances , this beautifully nuanced film captures the allure of the titular city .
A reflective , surprisingly subtle piece about character and about location , when I had expected either a completely anodyne travelogue or a dogmatic , ` Yes ' - style disquisition .
This subtle , performance-propelled romance is geared to adult art-house audiences .
It plays more like a quality Cairo travelogue with an element of forbidden romance
an intoxicating mix , less witnessed than inhaled gratefully , like the film itself .
An impressive introduction to U.S. audiences for Nadda . Her storytelling talents are deserving of higher-profile features .
With echoes of the classic Roman Holiday , Cairo Time is a must see for armchair travelers and lovers of romantic dramas alike .
Works simultaneously as a stirring platonic love story , a quietly poignant character study , and a lush , luminescent travelogue . There is scarcely a false or artificial note in all its 90 minutes .
In Cairo Time , Juliette means to care , but she seems rather unfit for it .
A gentle , bittersweet love story boasting a picturesque , enchanting travelogue of Cairo and a radiant , well-nuanced and engrossing performance by the genuinely beautiful Patricia Clarkson .
Nadda unfolds this with a gentle , observant pace , relying on Clarkson 's deep , thoughtful performance to help drive things -LRB- and show things down -RRB- .
If Cairo Time does not amount to much , it does evoke a wistful state of feeling and a complicated city with enough skill and sensitivity that you wish it had dared more .
Middle East meets West with all the complexity and respect that Sex and the City 2 lacked .
It 's as refreshing as a glass of mint tea .
Cairo Time earns some indulgence for a pace that Westerners may find languid .
-LSB- Clarkson -RSB- makes yearning palpable . She turns mysterious silences into a language of love .
There may not be quite enough here to make a meal and the many postcard-ready views of Cairo reduce the film to a travelogue at times but Nadda knows how to make the quiet moments between her leads speak volumes .
I was almost awed by the way it felt , looked and moved , the whole thing anchored by a pair of exquisite performances be Clarkson and Siddig that both rank as two of the finest I 've seen this year .
It 's a postcard-lovely movie that , in spite of its best intentions , ends up feeling a little touristy .
There 's no surprise and very little humor here , and from the hectic , grubby way it 's been shot , even Cairo does n't look very alluring .
The scenery is enchanting and it 's clear Nadda was inspired to make the film from the beauty of Cairo . She and cinematographer Luc Montpellier succeed in fashioning a graceful postcard to the city , but a story , too , would have been nice .
There 's an old-fashioned elegance to what -LSB- director Ruba -RSB- Nadda is attempting here , but the muted approach flattens any opportunity for passion .
It 's a haunting and hypnotic film . And Clarkson 's sublimely nuanced performance is in every way transporting .
What emerges is time pleasantly spent with a slice of life that examines a romantic détente between two cultures . Like smoke from an Egyptian hookah , the melancholia lingers .
The stakes here remain so doggedly small-scale that they require a patience not everyone will muster -LRB- though they should -RRB- .
Compared to other platonic film romances , this one comes up lacking , even with the note-perfect performances from Clarkson and Siddig .
Writer-director Ruba Nadda 's emphasis on body language ultimately trumps the clumsiness of her script .
Patricia Clarkson is usually so `` on '' that it 's a surprise to see her play a melancholy , passive woman -- and play her with such airy , elegiac grace .
The film lives and breathes through Clarkson . It 's a stunning performance ; Clarkson conveys as much in a look as many actresses struggle to reveal with overt histrionics .
Patricia Clarkson 's Juliette comes off as so hopelessly naïve that the characterization grates in its lack of credibility .
The fourth feature from Canadian writer-helmer Ruba Nadda -LRB- `` Sabah '' -RRB- has a slightly breathless , old-fashioned feel , calling to mind the cliched fiction found in the type of ladies ' magazine the heroine edits .
Cairo Time lingers in one 's mind long after the end credits have rolled .
Love wilts under the Egyptian sun in this chemistry-free romantic vehicle .
The sense of place in Ruba Nadda 's low-key love story is so strong that it almost overwhelms the slow dance of these drifting souls and the tranquility of their tentative romance .
Cairo Time is not a chick flick . Of course , it will draw , as it should , femme auds , but the story is so well crafted , the acting so spot on and the locale so spellbinding , this beautifully crafted artwork is a little gem .
The setting and star Clarkson were enough to bring me on board , but the real surprise is dashing character actor Siddig , who makes for a seriously sexy leading man .
A more sophisticated slice-of-life than one usually gets on the big screen -- and for fans of Clarkson , it 's a must-see .
Though the aim is subtlety , Cairo Time often seems to be making too much of too little .




@highlight

Though potentially too slowly paced for some , Cairo Time lingers long after the closing credits , largely due to a wonderful performance by Patricia Clarkson .