Perhaps the film 's failure lies in the level of expectations that one has of Apatow ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Funny People is deeply personal and intriguingly abstract , a bittersweet vision of a comedian 's mournful existence .
This is a smart movie , one that 's very unexpected .
At over two hours , it moves at the dignified pace of a Bergman film rather than , well , a Happy Gilmore or a Waterboy , but the director can rest easy , it 's another hit .
The unique hatred of yourself , and your audience , required of being a comedian is something that Apatow -LRB- and Sandler -RRB- understand profoundly : That 's what this movie is about .
Why does Funny People often feel like a joke without a punchline ?
Funny People is funny , moving , dramatic , and alternately hilarious . It 's a bit like a stand-up dramedy .
For all its qualities Funny People never quite comes together . It ca n't quite decide who it wants to be about , whether it wants to be a comedy or a drama and in trying to be all things at once it never quite hits its full potential .
Apatow draws on his own experience to explore behavioral nuances of people that make us laugh , and it 's no secret that being funny is not the same as being happy .
Funny People may be deeply flawed , but at least it has an accurate title .
Es al mismo tiempo la película más interesante de Apatow y también la más irregular . Ambiciosa , agridulce , por momentos brillante , demasiado larga .
... a character drama in the guise of a show-biz comedy .
If this movie were to be believed , I would conclude that the last people I 'd ever want to hang out with are comedians .
click for full review
It 's interesting stuff , I feel myself wanting to like it more than I did . Judd Apatow has a lot to say , he just has n't mastered the tools to say it well .
The film is also an admiring portrait of the artist as Californian solipsist -- unburdened by personal ties or even the need to seem intelligent , free to follow his own random , petty , moment-by-moment train of thought .
Funny People has some very funny moments but do n't expect a joke fest . And do n't expect a tight film either . At two and a half hours , it is not one but two films ... and at least one of them should n't have been made .
It 's a good deal more interesting than your average mainstream comedy .
While you believe a lot of what happens in the first part of the film , credibility lessens in the second .
Despite its flaws , this film has a beguiling candour and reflectiveness which is new for Apatow and Sandler .
Funny People would have been funnier and more meaningful with fewer offensive jokes and more self-control from the undeniably talented Apatow .
Comedy king Judd Apatow delivers another hit with this hilarious personal story that also deals with the big issues in a touching way .
While not Judd Apatow 's finest hour , Funny People still strikes the same rich vein of well-produced drama-comedy as previous efforts .
A boisterous first hour builds good will . Strong performances sustain us through the next uneven 90 minutes .
A surfeit of the kind of crude , sexually graphic jokes that work in a darkly lit stand up comedy stores and Adam Sandler 's unremittingly morose George drag the film down
A slice of life from a pie whose ingredients comprise the eccentricities , foibles , egos and motivations of jaded man who has forgotten why he does what he does . There are some great moments but plenty of self indulgence by Apatow as the film drags
It should probably have been apparent to Apatow , well versed in the structure of comedy on film , that it was far too long .
The first part of the film is terrific and very funny . Apatow perfectly captures the ruthless competitiveness of young comics .
The film is drawn out , its mixture of coarse comedy and deep seriousness about the theory and practice of comedy both embarrassing and self-indulgent .
A relatively sophisticated comedy - despite the male insecurity fixations - and one that rings true on the oddballs paid to make us laugh .
Apatow marries his edgier , raunchier humor with some more serious , thoughtful ideas and a gentler touch .
An absolute treat . In spite of its disappointing climax , this is Apatow 's smartest , rudest and - yes - funniest film yet .
This is a generous , goodhearted , enjoyable movie , loaded with memorable characters and genuine wit . But there 's such a thing as giving a little too much .
Roll up , ladies and gentlemen , and witness the unfortunate case of the conjoined films : a 90 minute comedy with some winning performances stuck to a 60 minute made-for-TV life drama .
A healthy dose of negativity might have helped to tone this baggy indulgence of a movie into some kind of workable shape . Not every idea is a good idea , after all .
Fans of The 40-Year-Old Virgin and Knocked Up will find much the same measure of sentiment and ribaldry - ie , too much of both - and , if it 's possible , even less of a grasp on what lesser film-makers call `` story '' .
One of the most enjoyable films of the year .
The film has some obvious problems - it sprawls , and goes on too long . But it 's funny in such a thoughtful , rounded , adult way , and deflects sentimentality so confidently , that it won me over anyway .
Despite it being too long , not entirely convincing and being disgustingly but accurately described as a dra-medy , it 's still funny as hell .
Aside from being long-winded , the action is contrived ; veering from slapstick to saccharine . That 's a pity for Sandler because he shines for the most part .
There 's loads to enjoy in this defiantly maturing comedy drama from one of the few directors powerful enough to get such a film made .
At almost two-and-a-half hours , this is stretched way beyond the length the story warrants , with overlong segments that slow the narrative down and a central section that sags dramatically .
A comedy-drama full of beauty and ugliness , profundity and profanity . Eventually loses its way but , for at least 100 minutes , it 's some sort of masterpiece .
I loved this , it 's hilarious , heart warming and a little stroke of genius . .
Life , death and comedy ... Funny People is a thoughtful and funny comedy indulgence .
There is little insight here beyond showing that comics rely on jokes about sexual organs . And that , like Sandler 's career , soon ceases to provide big laughs .
Sandler has gained dramatic weight and variety . But if I want to see him play Hamlet , I 'd rather have Shakespeare as the scriptwriter .
Vulgarity and sentimentality are set up in a fight to the death . I laughed a few times , mostly at Jonah Hill 's nerdy but casual smarts .
Funny People is genuinely funny at times , predictably foul-mouthed , touching and surprisingly frank in its approach to death , love and loyalty .
This is a kind of cuddly bromance take on Scorsese 's The King Of Comedy , in which sentimentality balances bleakness without toppling into schmaltz .
It 's a film that is more ambitious than Knocked Up or The 40-Year Virgin and yet somehow more frustrating , too .
It 's very funny . And it 's awesome to see Apatow have a bash at moving away from his undeniably successful formula .
An enjoyable , frequently funny comedy-drama with terrific performances from Sandler and Rogen , but it 's also way too long and the first half is much stronger than the second .
Despite this film 's sharp dialog and terrific story , its bloated , undisciplined editing keeps it from being a classic .
We 've got the first two-thirds of a five-star comedy , followed by what feels like seventeen-thirds of a duff romcom .
For a film written and directed by Hollywood 's current gross-out comedy king , Judd Apatow , and involving the talents of Sandler , Rogen and Mann , it 's lazy and leaden .
Funny People is one of the most amusing , least sentimental films about mortality to come out of Hollywood .
Funny People is a poignant examination of the loneliness caused by solipsism and self-centeredness , and the difficulty of breaking out of the inertia we create in our lives
` Please feel sorry for me ' buttons do n't make great comedy
The good parts of this movie are often wonderful , but Apatow never finds the rhythm to keep it going . It lurches from inspiration to inspiration , but always manages to muddy its feet in mediocrity in between , as it drags on toward the two-and-a-half-hour
`` There is also something dark about Apatow , unstated but clinging to his films like smoke . ''
Comes mighty close to becoming something few film critics dreamed they would declare , an Adam Sandler masterpiece .
It could have been a great movie , but instead it 's only a good one , mostly because it forgot the first rule of comedy : leave them wanting more , not wanting to leave .
Judd Apatow -LRB- Knocked Up , The 40-Year-Old Virgin -RRB- takes some interesting chances in this messy but engaging comedy , which suggests he may yet mature -LRB- no , seriously -RRB- into a filmmaker of substance .
Even on `` The View '' the day before the film opens , the ladies wondered whether men really talk about their own junk -LRB- and their friend 's package -RRB- as much as they do in the movie , and whether women actually find that funny .
In its home stretch , Funny People 's action drags so unnecessarily that it ... drains any impact from its refreshingly pragmatic view of second chances .
If you do n't mind spending -LRB- alot of -RRB- time with some interesting characters , check it out . Just do n't expect a focused story . -LRB- The first half of this is still really good though -RRB-
Rule number one for a comedy : If you need a character to say ` That 's funny ' after a lot of your jokes , they 're probably not all that funny .
as interested in dissecting the psychology behind the jokes as telling them .
The film does a lot of things that Apatow 's previous work did ... but is almost ruined by a too-long running time and a third act that seems to drag on forever .
... a dark comedy that does n't provide nearly enough laughs to make us embrace the nasty vibe
Funny People clicks best when the emphasis is on the funny , not on the people .
It 's no pleasure to report that ` Funny People ' self-destructs on the screen . In the end , Apatow might have been wise to heed his own words : Comedy is for funny people , not the mean-spirited , self-obsessed dopes we 're left with here .
The script has unexpected jolts of substance and drama , so much so that too often there are long stretches between the laughs , all of which fuel the film 's bloated 2.5-hour running time .
Judd Apatow gives old pal Adam Sandler a deep but still funny script that lets the comic-actor go where he 's never gone before .
Messy , self-indulgent , intriguing -- but it only really comes alive when it focuses on the competitive ` friendship ' of the actor-roommates played by Seth Rogen , Jonah Hill and Jason Schwartzman .
It 's that very shagginess and earnestness ... that makes the film , however clumsy , so charming .
... a perfect compliment to what is now the Apatow trilogy .
Bits strike out in every which way but are not long , deep or effective , so ` I Sell the Dead ' develops neither momentum nor personality .
Funny People is an odd mixture of humanity , vulgarity , and soap opera . At its best , it is an engaging character study . At its worst , it is a crass , self-indulgent home movie .
Intermittently engaging yet problematic , undoubtedly confounding the expectations of the usual Apatow/Sandler audience .
Bitterly clear-eyed about the consequences of Apatowian perpetual adolescence , it 's a dark movie that comes from somewhere deeply personal .
Apatow and Sandler chose not to wander far from their core teen male audience , even in this darkly comic film about a comic movie star reevaluating his life in the face of death .
feels like too little that 's been strung out too far
Bromances like Funny People do a disservice to the friendship capabilities of straight men , making them seem stunted .
Who are these people ? What possible connection do they have to anyone 's life except those in their own rarefied circle of the overprivileged ? And why should we care ?
Expected Apatowian excesses aside , Funny People mostly pops as a comedy , even though its last two reels are gear-grindingly inefficient and misguided , lacking the pathos that made Sideways affecting .
Gangly , long , somewhat disjointed , but still very funny , I found `` Funny People '' surprisingly emotional , and even poignant .
Brilliantly funny bits complemented by a healthy dose of melancholia .
More well-observed and mature pic than the usual foul-mouthed Apatow naughty man-boy films .
Apatow packs enough decent jokes into an hour and a half to earn our affection . The problem is that after that hour and a half the movie goes on for nearly another hour , for a grand total of 2 hours and 25 minutes .
Sandler has great self-awareness and lets us laugh with him , at him and on occasion feel for a rich , spoiled superstar .
It walks a perfectly fine line between being funny and tragic .
Apatow has always found a balance of heart and humor in his best films , and Funny People is no exception .
This movie manages to make Seth Rogen likable and Adam Sandler unlikeable - should n't that be reversed ? And it 's not funny either .
The film 's sweet conclusion finally returns us to the world of funnyman camaraderie . By this time , though , we 're wondering why we ever had to leave .
`` Funny People '' contained all the right players , but the humor of the film was lost . During the first half it was a solid comedy , but the second half turned it into a double-feature .
Given his prior hits , Apatow is his own tough act to follow . In his dissection of the overheated comedic ego , still bringing the funny while addressing a much darker core , Apatow delivers once again .
What starts out as an intriguing dance between two different themes ends up as a brawl in which crass and shallow wins by a TKO in the 23rd round .
The fact is , this film is very funny , but because of the gravity of both the illness and Simmons trying to deal with his wasted life , the laughs are n't big , but rather more heartfelt and emotional .
Has its moments but when bad things happen to funny people , they might not be that funny anymore .
`` Funny People '' 's Problem is Not How It Mixes Apatow Humor with Sentiment But How It Tacks on the Needless Leslie-Man/Eric Bana '' Subplot .
Sandler plays the ruthlessly flat affect of the entitled so well it bespeaks a kind of weary authenticity of its own , which purity is complemented whenever his natural charisma is inspired by something other than a paycheck .
Here 's a drama with comedians in it .
Not exactly a movie about dying of laughter but close to it , Apatow 's pot luck mock morbid meditation on mortality , punchlines and male anatomy jokes , is strangely as much about the cutting off of life as castration anxiety issues .
Judd Apatow 's funniest , best film so far .
Get ready to have your Funny bone tickled , doused in sentiment and then , tickled again .
Perhaps Simmons is the man Apatow fears he will become . If so , with Sandler 's help the filmmaker 's fashioned a solid work of self reflection . There 's plenty to love and laugh along with here .
Funny People is not `` ha ha '' funny . You wo n't pee your pants , spit out Mr. Pibb or bust your gut . But you 'll smile , nod approvingly and occasionally chuckle , the same response your mom might give a Cathy comic .
Sandler and Apatow hitting the heavy drama button is like Darth Vader and Voldemort joining forces to throw a tea party . But a good one !
plays out like a Jim Jarmusch film about stand-up comics with lots of celebrity cameos , some classic zingers and a cancer storyline
It 's really two stories , and the first one is better but both are good .
Often funny , but does n't have the courage of its convictions about its subject matter .
The film is perhaps the first in Hollywood history to get the world of stand-up comedy right .
Being on the doorstep of death gives George a glimpse of the person he is but that does n't necessarily mean he is going to change his ways , discovering the answer to that question one of the things that makes the movie soar .
Hilarious while also being poignant and wise , Funny People is , hands down , my favorite movie of the summer .
With Funny People , Apatow - and Sandler - go deeper and deliver a touching piece that 's a totally different beast than Knocked Up or 40 Year Old Virgin .
Parental Content Review
Adam Sandler grows up and bags the fart jokes to do Funny People , a seriously good movie about the serious business of being funny .
The film comes dangerously close to stalling , however , once George and Ira visit George 's ex , stuck in an untrustworthy marriage . By the time Ira implores ` Can we just go ? ' you feel the same way .
After the first part , you want to hug Apatow and Sandler for giving you such an amazing treat . Then , we get the second part and want to punch Apatow and Sandler .
It 's great that Apatow aimed for something more substantial than a disposable chucklefest . Too bad the film falls so short of the mark .
In going for a rethink of All That Jazz with comedy instead of Broadway , Judd Apatow 's Funny People turns out to be one of the most absorbing films of the year .
What does it say that Eric Bana , generally a dour stick-in-the-mud in such titles as Hulk and Munich , ends up delivering the funniest performance ?
Sandler and Rogen and the rest are left to wander aimlessly , with tedious comedy gigs , an even more tedious faux sitcom and relatively vapid relationships masquerading as a plot .
The funny thing is , though , that Funny People is , well , funny . It 's also richly layered with complicated people and a mad collection of celebrity cameos from Eminem to Andy Dick .
The well is so deep , audiences come out of the movie repeating favourite lines . Unfortunately , they also come out looking at their watches .
As it morphs from sly show biz satire to implausible romantic dramedy , Funny People loses its footing and ca n't even simulate plausible reality .
Funny People is an ambitious , misshapen picture that feels like two , maybe even three , separate movies uncomfortably jammed into one .
It 's at once dark and sentimental , and -LRB- at 146 minutes -RRB- hugely indulgent .
Entourage with cancer .
hat this movie manages to be hilarious while honing in on the particulars that go into hilarity is a rare achievement . But then few films would dare look death right in the face and laugh aloud .
Both Sandler and Rogen give confident , assured performances that are better than any of their recent work would suggest .
Funny People is a true brass ring effort , a reach for excellence that takes big risks .
Funny People is one of the summer 's , if not the year 's best films , because it 's a comedy that inverts the medium 's typical use % u2013 effectively revealing feelings rather than concealing them % u2013 and invites the audience to share in that discovery .
Flaws aside , Funny People is an entertaining , messy , overstuffed-with-life movie .
Apatow continues to celebrate comedy 's traditions , raunchy and otherwise .
It 's as if , halfway through , you went out for popcorn and mistakenly returned to an auditorium showing a different picture . And that second movie ends immolating itself .
It all feels so insular and elitist , it 's hard to connect .
Presented with an opportunity to make an honest dramatic statement about loneliness , fate and life choices , -LSB- Apatow -RSB- turns to penis jokes , stunt casting and white-picket platitudes .
Has a few laughs and a terrific ensemble cast , but suffers from an uninspired , unfocused screenplay , boring characters and too many contrived moments , it often drags and utlimately falls flat as a drama , comedy and romance
Funny People comes across tentative and disjointed , with the filmmaker at the helm lacking the confidence to be truly daring .
It is funny and sometimes sharp , but I really felt the direction it took seemed to lessen the impact .
It 's a testament to Sandler 's performance that he not once milks George 's life-at-the-top malaise for easy sentimentality .
Funny People nimbly intersperses humor and reflection . It is a rumination on mortality , fame and life choices , punctuated with Apatow 's trademark raunchy humor .
Funny People is like Terms of Endearment done in a milieu where the most endearing compliment anyone can give refers to penis size .
Funny People -- sensitive , shaggy , a little bit draggy -- is as much about the maturation of Ira as a performer and George as a man as it is about Apatow 's maturation as an artist .
An undeniably ambitious piece of work about infidelity , regret , death , fame , friendship , and love , but it simply got away from one of the most talented comedy writer/directors of the last decade .
Apatow 's Funny People feels like an exercise in self-loathing .
A mixed bag comedy about a celebrity who seeks meaning in his life after finding out that he has a terminal illness .
Funny People is n't exactly a chore to sit through , but it 's awfully slack and self-indulgent .
Sandler has turned in his best performance to date and Apatow has joined the ranks of other distinguished writer/directors like James L. Brooks and Cameron Crowe .
While the film drags a little bit , Apatow and the cast still deliver that perfect formula of hardcore raunchy laughs along with sweet emotions .
The humor in the stand up routines is actually pretty bad for the most part , and yet Apatow makes the humor organic , the fun in watching the `` Funny People '' who perform it being ` themselves ' amongst themselves .
... if my complaints are ` I 'd like to spend more time with many of the characters ' and ` there 's too much good stuff , ' there are worse problems for a filmmaker to have .
The weakest of the three films Apatow has directed -- though certainly not of the dozens he has produced -- but its shortcomings feel like growing pains rather than diminishing returns .
This is the most adult , sophisticated , smartly funny film Apatow 's made yet .
We have no shortage now of films whose subject is vulnerable male self-centeredness , but Apatow is approaching mastery of the form .
The film tells the not-very-interesting tale of George Simmons -LRB- Sandler -RRB- , stand-up-comic-turned-superstar of grotesquely infantile hit films .
Funny People stands as one of the biggest disappointments of the summer .
Not since Richard Pryor 's ` Jo Jo Dancer , Your Life is Calling ' have I seen such a bold , painfully candid take on the life of a successful comedian .
There are funny moments but for the most part Funny People reflects many of Robert Altman 's films with its combination of multiple cameos , improvised dialogue and cynicism about the industry of making people laugh .
Hilarious when it tries to be , serious otherwise , but never maudlin or weepy .
`` Funny People '' ... is a serious comedy , edgy and a bit dark with characters whom you find amusing most of the time and appalling at others .
There is not a single character in the entire movie worth caring about . The most genuine laughs come when the cast plays the peanut butter game . A person lies on the kitchen floor , spreads peanut butter on his or her face and has a dog lick it off .
The movie ... feels like the work of an artist in transition , an attempt by Apatow to see how far he can push his foul-mouthed bromances toward earnest drama before finally having to let go of the dick jokes .
a movie about freaks and geeks written by a famous millionaire married to Leslie Mann ; is it any wonder that it loses its way ?
The maudlin trailers might make you assume it 's a downer , but in fact , the title represents truth in advertising
Overlong and undeniably self-indulgent , with some brilliant high spots punctuating more mediocre material and a close that 's a letdown . But it has enough perception and laughs to merit a visit .
A comedy about everything : life , death , love , friendship , ambition and success and the shady areas around them that you mistake for the real thing .
'' `` Funny People , '' may not be Apatow 's funniest movie ; however , and more interestingly , it is his best film , deep and rich and unexpectedly honest while still being remarkably funny . ''
Taken as a sloppy , maudlin , two-and-a-half-hour whole , it paints the picture of a talented filmmaker whose insular self-regard is beginning to attract small planetoids .
There 's something irritatingly self-satisfied about Funny People , which explains why , though it glances on the perils of fame , it mostly affirms its pleasures .
The denizens of Judd Apatow 's Funny People have been pulled every which way to fit a misshapen concept , yet they remain painfully unfunny , and consistently off-putting .
It 's that rare mainstream Hollywood movie that feels genuinely spontaneous , unafraid to keep the audience just a little bit confounded and off-balance .
This is n't the type of comedy we 've come to expect from Judd Apatow . And that 's fine . But while this labor-of-love is at times bittersweet and raucously funny , it 's also an over-long , meandering mess .
Apatow has created a film of unusual depth and feeling , aided by superb performances by Sandler and Seth Rogen , despite the vulgarity .
Apatow scores by crafting the film equivalent of a stand-up routine that encompasses the joy , pain , anger , loneliness and aching doubt that go into making an audience laugh .
Adam Sandler knocks one out of the park with his rich performance in a role that could be called fictional autobiography .
-LSB- Apatow has -RSB- made another very funny movie , one that is crammed with jokes , and insight into the crafting of comedy .
Funny People turns out to be fairly predictable , and not so rough . In a thoroughly satisfying way .
Considering all the funny people who contributed to the creative mix of Funny People , it 's a crying shame this good-hearted comedy does n't deliver more genuine laughs .
The problem is that Apatow is stuck between gears . -LRB- That , and there 's probably no one around him to say no at this point . -RRB-
It 's refreshingly unformulaic , but a rambling mess . It 's also tremendously funny .
A true departure for Apatow that works a bit better if you know as much going in .
The funny business is lame in Funny People , and the people feel phony . So what 's left in this dramedy about a comic 's near-tragedy ? Well , how do bad standup and schmaltzy emotions sound ?
Needlessly over-bloated , lumbering from one scene and subplot to the next without any sense of urgency or forward-motion . Once Judd Apatow realizes that less is sometimes emotionally and substantively more , he and his films will be all the better for it .
The film also triumphs as an insider 's homage to an art form , playing at times like a survey of comedy history .
The film 's nexus of mortality and humor from the gut provides plenty of diversion .
Judd Apatow may be the first filmmaker to jeopardize his career through excessive niceness .
This is Apatow 's emotionally darkest , least-genial film , and an exceptionally good and subtle Sandler embraces the duality of his character , a man beloved by the world who secretly hates everyone .
At almost two and a half hours in length , it 's neither poignant nor funny enough to justify such a bloated running time .
Nearly as long as the theatrical cut of `` Apocalypse Now , '' but definitely funnier .
The collaborative effort is overlong and wrongheaded in some of its sympathies , but it 's one of the shrewdest show-business comedies in years .
I ca n't spell out exactly how Funny People says so much about who these people are without showing its hand -- you 'll have to see Apatow in action to believe .
Not classic , but a highly inventive and entertaining look at the fears and tears of a clown
Funny People veers wildly in tone and style , with jarring cameos -LRB- Ray Romano , Eminem -RRB- and a third act that mimics one of John Cassavetes ' improvised experiments . Apatow may deserve to be taken seriously , but for now he 's still kidding around .
I ca n't help but think what might have been if there had been a bit more editing .
It 's refreshing to see Apatow branching out and trying something off the beaten path but , in this case , his sense of ambition may have caused him to lose his way .
There 's so much that 's so disarmingly good and sharp about Funny People that you wish the whole movie were n't so much of a shambles .
The last hour or so meanders interminably , its tone wavering all over the place , leading to a quickie conclusion that feels pat . And that is such a letdown when you consider the strength and ambition of the material that preceded it .
It could have easily been a formula film , and the trailer shamelessly tries to misrepresent it as one , but George Simmons learns and changes during his ordeal , and we empathize .
Funny is far more acidic and remorseless than anything Apatow has attempted before . It 's a terrific motion picture , with keen insight into the mind of the stand-up comic at his most game , blistered , and vulnerable .
Uneven but provocative study of a comedy star diagnosed with a grave disease elicits surprising depth from Adam Sandler .
-LSB- T -RSB- he Apatow TV project this bleak but shrewd movie harkens back most to is The Larry Sanders Show ... -LSB- T -RSB- he Hollywood funny people were n't funny there , either ...
Funny People is a film Apatow directed a decade too soon to perfect . But just you wait until 2019 , and then he 'll really bowl us over .
Asks to be seen as more than the sum of its laughs but ca n't come up with anything more profound than ` Do n't know what you got 'til it 's gone . '
An overweight , out-of-shape comedy with serious aspirations and not nearly enough discipline to see them through ... it runs out of laughs after about an hour .
In his long , sobering story without a punchline , Judd Apatow confounds three crowds : traditional Sandler fans expecting goofy sweetness , Virgin/Knocked Up boosters hoping for raunchy fun , and connoisseurs of movies that know how to kill .
A newer , more mature chapter in the Apatow book and I like what I see .
What 's good about Funny People is really good , and that starts with Sandler , who 's outstanding .
Apatow 's whiny characters pitch audiences into a vat of self-pity .
Funny People is n't a bad movie , it 's an indifferent one . No funny person wants to hear that .
If you object to public offenses of decency , smut that reduces the oxygen in the brain or just plain lousy , amateurish filmmaking , it 's easy enough to avoid Funny People like the swine flu .
Prepare to laugh , yes , but also be ready to let Apatow take his good sweet time in telling his story .
-LSB- I -RSB- f not all of Funny People works , who of us matured into adulthood without first struggling though some growing pains ?
It 's impossible to relate to George Simmons ' crisis of being too rich and too famous for his own good .
A work of earnest self-reflection that candidly looks at the A-list world Apatow and his cohorts have begun to inhabit at this particular stage in their lives .
The Adam Sandler persona is subjected to careful dissection and revealed at last as a self-obsessed a * #hole whose childlike whimsy and offhand charm can no longer make up for a lack of regard for anything outside of his limited worldview .
Apatow has taken blisteringly personal material and filtered it through tropes and cliches borrowed from trite , mainstream factory-line cinema of another era . Judd Apatow the writer deserves a better director .
There has always been an undercurrent of emotion in Judd Apatow 's best work and with this , the somewhat ironically titled Funny People , the omniscient comic writer/director goes for the gut . Along with the jokes , that is .
Funny People feels insular , as if Apatow 's whole world consists of nerdy jokesters who were angry , lonely kids who got rich beyond their dreams ... but are deep down still angry .
Funny People is leisurely , with many extended sequences , but the performers ' natural command of rhythm holds it in tension .
... the funniest movie of the year .
The Rogen-Sandler team make for ideal Apatow-style comedy-drama .
Apatow 's bravest and most personal comedy yet .
Amusing and engaging yet lacking in snap and cohesion .
A more mature but still funny Judd Apatow comedy whose move into serious human relation issues nearly scuttles the third act .
It just about compensates for its many indulgences with typically warm humour and a knockout lead performance from Adam Sandler which shows a deepening maturity in the actor that could land him awards attention .
Personal but self-indulgent , poignant but also lethargic , Apatow 's third comedy is his most serious and original but also his most problematic work to date .





@highlight

Funny People features the requisite humor , as well as considerable emotional depth , resulting in Judd Apatow 's most mature film to date .