Not particularly original , Just Friends works largely due to Reynolds ' screen charisma and comic timing , but it does work , and works well .
Embraces its silliness and still comes out a mostly hilarious experience ...
Despite a rich premise , Just Friends ultimately fails to live up to its early potential , settling into broad comedy that shortchanges the romantic possibilities .
No one will be surprised by the plot machinations that ensue , but the film is saved from utter tedium thanks to a relatively intelligent screenplay and the amiability of the leads .
Um bom conceito -LRB- e não estou dizendo que este é bom -RRB- só funciona quando amparado por um bom roteiro . E definitivamente não é isto que ocorre aqui .
Every single person operates with the maturity and common sense of a dog chasing its tail . Into a tree .
Painfully light on laughs .
Bursting at the seams with lashings of heart , this is comedy at its broadest , with larger-than-life situations , a smartly sharp script and knock-out performances from an instantly likeable cast .
Reynolds ' brand of sarcastic humour suits his part well , whilst Smart is as adorable here as she was in The Butterfly Effect .
Reynolds and kooky sidekick Faris carry a weak script .
Just Friends is sweet and mostly pleasant to pass the time with ... but there 's little justification to enter into a serious engagement with it .
Just Friends suggests that Reynolds and Faris have potential greatness together
One day , Ryan Reynolds will land in a film that makes full use of his talent for conveying quiet , wide-eyed mischievousness .
The film feels just a few degrees left of sanity .
Playing the incredibly spoiled -LRB- and remarkably talentless -RRB- Jessica Simpson meets Britney Spears meets Bimbo Barbie rock star Samantha James , Faris brings so much gleefully archaic fireball charisma to her portrayal I could n't take my eyes off of her .
Reynolds and especially the charming Smart give the movie the kind of heart one would not expect ...
Although it 's often hilarious , it 's far too hyperactive to actually connect with us .
With Reynolds mugging and rolling his eyes from coast to coast , this friendly teen frolic does n't need enemies .
Despite a few bone-tickling moments , the romantic comedy Just Friends is , well , just OK .
Just Friends is neither fish nor fowl , though foul it is .
Just Friends is just stupid .
Maybe in this case , Chris and Jamie just being friends was n't such a bad idea .
Just Friends is part Farrelly Brothers and part Romy and Michele 's High School Reunion , all wrapped together to deliver gross-out gags in bizarrely random and rapid-fire fashion , with zero intent to develop sustainable plot or character .
Just Friends hangs its crude , clobbering sense of humor on a dubious theory .
This is a stupid comedy and you 'll probably be embarrassed by how much you laugh .
The best thing about Just Friends is that it never pretends to be anything other than a crass , unsophisticated youth comedy .
... while the ending might be a foregone conclusion , getting there involves just enough slapstick manful idiocy to keep the humor moving at a clip .
A barbed romantic comedy with a distinct debt to the Farrelly brothers ' gross-out-plus-sentimentality formula , Just Friends is a welcome antidote to the usual seasonal sweetness .
-LSB- M -RSB- ost of the attempts at humor are painfully unfunny .
Just Friends reeks of low-expectations but delivers big returns .
-LSB- D -RSB- espite revisiting every romantic comedy archetype ever conceived , Just Friends still manages to entertain .
Despite the fact that we are watching Reynolds do the same schtick yet again , director Roger Kumble never lets him outlast a joke or take a gimmick too far .
.
Faris 's parody of pop culture 's vapid idols transcends the film 's own brainless romantic plot .
Just bad .
With fine performers and decent dialogue creating a concrete foundation , it 's a shame inane smacks and slaps ultimately make for a rickety flick .
The dreaded friend zone turns out to be a funny place after all .
... exceeds its modest goals
It 's almost as if these cast members are playing two separate characters rather then one complex one .
While we know that the question as to whether heterosexuals can have both friendship and sex has been done before many times , it 's only been done really well in Rob Reiner 's `` When Harry Met Sally . '' In other words , it 's not here .
This year 's `` There 's Something About Mary '' . Reynolds is pretty darn funny and with Smart , seems to have some saccharine sparks .
Anna Faris again demonstrates that she is fearless when it comes to physical stunts and comedic excesses .
In all , it 's not too bad and it 's not too long , and any movie that sets Santa on fire is okay by me .
After peaking with the unsurpassable glories of 2003 's Bad Santa , the humbug holiday genre may be getting run into the ground .
Even a bracing mean streak ca n't save this gross-out romantic comedy from its lazy mess of a script , a string of slapstick gags that demand arbitrary , stupid and out-of-character behavior from all concerned .
Time and again , it goes for cheap laughs at the expense of character development . And , could the message be any shallower ?
An uneven black comedy that fails to sell its coldhearted , central premise , Just Friends finds actor Ryan Reynolds in his most tedious turn yet as a theoretically likable reprobate .
Just Friends is a dumb teen comedy .
It 's a thoroughly enjoyable three - or four-gimmick comedy , highlighted by a whorish dimwit pop star played by Anna Faris .
After watching a movie like Just Friends , I hurry home from the theater and take a shower so I can wash away the stink of the experience .
Unless you 're dying to see a pale imitation of the Farrelly brothers ' brand of broad romantic comedy , just say no to Just Friends .
Thanks to director Roger Kumble 's breathless pacing , Just Friends manages to outrun most of its flaws .
-LSB- The -RSB- efforts to delay the inevitable reconciliation between Chris and Jamie become increasingly tiresome , even though Just Friends barely cracks 90 minutes .
As romantic comedies go , Just Friends is just a lunch date . And everybody knows there 's no kiss at the end of a lunch date .
Just Friends is funnier the sillier it gets , perhaps hitting a crescendo during the slap fights between the brothers , who begin beating each other with regularity , as if they 'd never stopped .
With its slapstick car wrecks and sports injuries , the movie is like a Michael Bay take on Garden State . It wants to be painfully funny , but it really is just plain painful to watch .
Just Friends shows that a lifeless idea can rise up out of its script crypt and put a stranglehold on 2,000-plus screens .
Every holiday season welcomes a big-screen turkey , and this one 's got extra stuffing .
Just Friends will ultimately be as forgettable as the weird kid who sat in front of you in geometry . He may have made you laugh during seventh period , but you ca n't recall his name today .
This is superficial entertainment to say the least . But if you 're looking for laughs , then Just Friends is just fine .
There have been worse premises for a romantic comedy , but director Roger Kumble and writer Adam `` Tex '' Davis could scarcely have done a worse job developing it .
Despite that off-putting one-sheet poster of Ryan Reynolds in a fat suit , the movie is actually pretty good -- funny , smart and featuring a host of appealing performances .
The infectious high spirits of the performers help to carry the day .
Reynolds will make you laugh , but Faris will make you shoot Diet Coke out of your nose .
-LSB- A -RSB- cheerily clean and notably bright teen comedy .
Funny scenes , Reynolds ' comedic chops and memorable characters like Reynolds ' smart-mouthed brother and tagalong socialite sex symbol -LRB- reliable ham Anna Faris -RRB- outweigh the film 's predictability .
Think of Just Friends as this season 's answer to last year 's Surviving Christmas , making you wonder what you did to deserve more movie coal in your stocking .
The movie too often withers under a barrage of predictable gags , which are doled out in uneven slices .
The joy of Just Friends is watching these embittered , sidetracked cynics working their particular little brands of black magic .
The best scenes in Just Friends take place offscreen .
Just average ! I was hoping to laugh so hard that I would wet myself -LRB- just a little -RRB- but that just did n't happen .
Just Friends is funnier than any low-rent rip-off of There 's Something About Mary has a right to be .
During the credits , Reynolds is again shown in the fat suit while singing a power ballad , reminding us all how funny Just Friends could have been .
You certainly do n't need to be smart to laugh at Just Friends , but smart people do n't have to be embarrassed when they do . Unless they laugh as loudly as I did .
I walked into the thing expecting a lifeless mass of mirthless torture , and I walked away pleasantly surprised by the ensemble cast 's consistent chuckle delivery .
Unfunny drivel .
Reynolds does a tremendous job of presenting a hardened , cocky L.A. demeanor and allowing cracks of old despair and self-doubt to chip cracks in the façade .
Just Friends is a lot funnier than it has any right to be .
Brush aside the pratfalls , cheap-shot fat jokes , and creative variety of crotch attacks , and what 's left ? Not a lick of emotional sense .
Ryan Reynolds is starting to be like that boyfriend or girlfriend you keep believing in , but keeps disappointing you .
Just Friends is a funny production ; it 's just a disappointment that Kumble could n't let the audience discover any moment of the film on their own .
Much humiliation and mayhem , all of it either teeth-grindingly tedious , heart-sinkingly crude , or just plain boring , often all three at once .
Despite its flaws , the movie comes out ahead , more funny than not .
Most of the movie 's humor involves placing -LSB- Reynolds -RSB- in humiliating or painful situations and letting the contusions fly . That 's worth some laughs but not nearly as many as the movie thinks .
Combines the worst elements of two Ben Affleck films - Jersey Girl and Surviving Christmas - for an indigestible stew of gross-out slapstick and holiday humiliation .
There are funny moments -- a few even hilarious -- but the majority of jokes try so hard and go so far over-the-top that they splat on the ground before takeoff .
An innocuous , but overly broad comedy made somewhat palatable by the likable performances of its leads .
Even with young talent , director Roger Kumble and writer Adam Davis rely way too heavily -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- on the fat-suit joke and titular impasse .
Here 's a film for all of us ` losers , ' and it gets the job done .
A refreshingly mean-spirited breeze through both the holiday movie and romantic-comedy checklists -LRB- including the third-act heart of gold -RRB- .
-LSB- It 's unpretentious PG-13 -RSB- humor that works and that will leave you respecting yourself afterwards . It 's just sweet and silly fun .
A succession of frantic , and frequently brutal , slapstick episodes ... raucous but largely mirthless .
A surprisingly shrewd and energetic romantic comedy .
Characters switch personalities in midscene , forget slights , ignore the obvious , abandon goals and betray family and friends just because the script demands it . No motivation required .









@highlight

There are moments of mirth in this overly broad comedy , but mostly , Just Friends is just not that funny .