Superb writing , a quickly moving plot and outstanding lead performances make this one a winner .
Supposedly , Another Happy Day is meant to be a dark comedy . Unfortunately , demanding it is comedic on the box does not make the actual film so .
The actors make the trauma in `` Another Happy Day '' feel real . But it 's too often undercut by directorial fussiness that feels more academic than personal .
Gios toy Barry Levinson , alla mallon oxi idiaitera prosektikos mathhths toy , o Sam soy anamasaei senariografika kai soy ypobathmizei skhnothetika ola ayta ta psyxopsaxtika poy exeis synhthisei na blepeis sta aneksarthta amerikanika
... the performances of Barkin and Miller - who 's getting great buzz for his work in We Need to Talk About Kevin - make it worth seeing , even in this season of Oscar-seeking dramas .
Levinson piles on the anguish with such abandon he never convinces you that these people would ever speak to each other , much less live under the same roof .
Combines some of the stock elements of a family film with an extra something - a go-for-the-jugular quality , a kind of Ingmar Bergman-like honesty and viciousness that brings it up a notch .
`` Another Happy Day '' becomes increasingly difficult to watch , despite its intelligence and strong cast . You wish this family well , but you 're grateful to see the last of them .
Sam Levinson has proven that he can get a movie made . Good for him . But he still has to prove that he has a story to tell .
Intense , mature drama excavates too many family skeletons .
If you liked Rachel Getting Married or Margot at the Wedding , you probably have good taste , so you should avoid this one .
Dislikable movie characters do n't always result in dislikable movies but that 's certainly the case with Sam Levinson 's Another Happy Day .
A tiresome and irritating melodrama about an extended family gathering for a wedding and showing their neurotic sides without any restraint .
Levinson 's movie is highly enjoyable , if cast in a conventional mold , but I 'm fully going on the warpath for Barkin , who has soldiered on through a long period of post-stardom and deserves an Oscar nomination for this role , right now .
For all of difficulties , there is an authenticity in Levinson 's work that you can see in the film , and his is a compelling voice playing in that minor key .
Writer/director Sam Levinson is n't so much making a movie as organizing a circus
Both anguished and histrionic and in its strongest moments very , very good . But it is also overpopulated , strident and constitutionally unable to step back and scrutinize itself .
It 's unpleasant , shrill and exhausting - everyone 's so busy airing their own grievances no one has time to listen to anyone else 's - but it 's a genuine actors ' film anchored by some good performances ...
Levinson 's uneven family drama bears all the hallmarks of a self-conscious indie debut . But he has one distinct advantage many young filmmakers lack : a powerhouse cast .
Ellen Barkin - playing the estranged mother of the groom - does a big heap of acting as one of the more histrionic members of the clan .
The movie works the audience 's nerves with enough determination to get under the skin and stay there , a sensation that comes awfully close to an earned emotional response .
Even if you can relate because you 're unlucky enough to have a family like this , why would you want to watch a movie about it ?
It 's good to see so much talent and feeling in one movie , and Another Happy Day has plenty of it .
A collection of Chekhovian characters sitting on a powder keg in a match factory .
Hoping to distract us from the zero ideas found in his film , Levinson demands that his cast act loudly and unbearably ...
-LSB- Mistakes -RSB- over-the-top dysfunctional family cruelty for comedy and drama .
A movie about a wedding that makes you wish you 'd checked the `` Regrets only '' section of this particular invitation .
Rarely has a tale been more thoroughly ugly in every respect , and to no meaningful end .
Altmanesque in its sprawl and sympathetic attitude toward even its most flawed characters , Happy Day marks a mostly promising debut for director-writer Sam Levinson .
Barkin looks great and makes a noble effort trying to keep her middle-aged mom character grounded , but Levinson unloads too many hysterical outbursts and crying fits to keep Lynn from dissolving into parody .
Laugh-laced dark drama of family angst overcomes the hurdle of its wedding-weekend setting .
A searing look at the modern family dynamic , and the way love and hate can be inter-changable at times . Ellen Barkin is Oscar worthy .
A movie that will make you laugh and cry in equal proportions and it signals the arrival of another terrific second generation filmmaker .


@highlight

Another Happy Day features outstanding performances -LRB- Ellen Barkin 's especially -RRB- but the characters are too unpleasant to endure .