I 'm not looking for revelatory performances from actors in bad action movies , but I do need to feel like they 're participating and not phoning it in .
Overall , the acting is abysmal .
You might find it to be thoroughly clichéd and utterly predictable . But it 's not boring . That 's largely thanks to Guy Pearce .
like Escape from L.A. in space
The dialogue between the two leads and Guy Pearce 's pleasant performance make this sci-di drama worth seeing .
They do n't make 'em like this anymore , except when they do and you remember why they stopped . Daft , but broadly enjoyable if you 're in a charitable mood .
Lean , fun , smart without overthinking things and always equipped with a one-liner , Lockout is refreshingly free of the bull **** that plagues so many genre films .
Lockout succeeds as a result of Pearce - who delivers an enjoyable , albeit snide , performance as a government agent turned one-man-army .
While Lockout matches Luc Besson 's other film projects in its devotion to being nothing more than a slick , uncomplicated spectacle , the film 's ridiculously botched execution and lazy action sequences make it ultimately fall short .
struggles to overcome the many disparate clichés thrown together by the filmmakers .
-LSB- Seems -RSB- like the kind of exciting low-concept action schlock that producer Luc Besson could have engineered in his sleep . Maybe he had indigestion that night .
Lockout is a film derivative of several notable genre classics , but the film does offer some entertainment value .
Whenever Guy Pearce 's Snow is on screen , the film 's a fun , brainless , action flick with a main character that deserves a better movie .
What surprises is how much guilty pleasure directors Mather and St.Leger , who sound like islands off the coast of France , rather than filmmakers , wring from Lockout 's 95 minutes .
... -LSB- Guy -RSB- Pearce makes it fun .
Even once it has run its course , Lockout is no knockout .
The only thing this film was missing was the New World Pictures logo to come up at the beginning of it .
Sometimes , it is all about tone , and while Lockout has enough flaws to shake several sticks at , it is a film entirely in the vein of the silly , riotously fun John Carpenter sci-fi forays of the 80s
The first disappointing movie that concentrates too much on character and not enough on action .
James Mather and Stephen St Leger 's debut feature is n't smart , it does n't have anything to say about the human condition and it never takes itself remotely seriously , but none of that matters with a film this much fun .
At the screening , in between laughing fits , people around me whispered , in awed tones , `` B movie , 1956 . ''
The action beats , while decently handled , actually lingers shorter in the memory than the force of Pearce 's surprisingly light and lively personality .
The most interesting feature of Besson 's film is that the outer-space jailbirds are led by a Scot with a striking resemblance to George Galloway .
Loud , longing to be rated R and at times just plain silly , ` Lockdown ' left me wanting to see another ` Transporter ' flick .
`` Lockout '' has a very minute amount of cheesy comedy that will have you laughing at it , but maybe that is the point .
It 's laughably over the top but Pearce , a decent actor , anchors it somewhere between Escape From New York and The Transformers .
They do n't make 'em like this anymore , except when they do and you remember why they stopped . Daft , but broadly enjoyable if you 're in a charitable mood .
Furiously forbidding , filled with a great deal of sinister action that makes little sense .
Shallow , silly yet infectiously good-natured , this is as guiltily pleasurable as dystopia gets .
Even with the bonus of Pearce 's sardonic performance Lockout is still little more than a soulless , slapdash computer game .
The space prison set-pieces get the job done ; only in the film 's terrestrial bookends does this nuts-and-bolts action film show its rust .
It rattles along at an appropriately frantic pace . It 's just a shame that so much cheese has been allowed into the recipe .
Whether you call it rip-off or homage , Lockout 's guilty-pleasure mix of explosive action and tongue-in-cheek humour is mightily enjoyable .
It 's the movie version of Kevin Costner -- the great , big dimwit you like anyway .
Just leave your brain in the foyer ...
Shoddy special effects and the surface-level sass of the president 's daughter leave this one spinning in low orbit .
With the exception of Guy Pearce 's old school anti-hero Snow , Lockout is a pointless exercise that 's bereft of originality in both its plotting and direction .
First-time directors James Mather and Stephen St Leger ... keep the tension at boiling point with a series of bloody but deftly staged shocks , which help to obscure the occasional incredulities of the plot .
-LSB- It -RSB- is n't a good movie but has a speedy slapstick nastiness and thankfully no eye-wateringly unsexy sex -LRB- although rape is continually and casually threatened -RRB- .
Nothing in this Luc Besson-produced multiplex-filler is at all novel or particularly well-orchestrated , so it 's down to an enjoyably sarcastic script to come to its rescue ...
It 's Pearce 's film , and he chews and spits the one-liners like a hardened wise-ass . Han Solo would be proud .
Yes , it 's a guilty pleasure . And , I really do n't think there 's anything original about `` Lockout . '' But , Guy Pearce is a very decent action hero and there 's plenty happening in this outer space adventure .
Luc Besson 's clunky , space-bound actioner apes '80s B-flick excess but skimps on all the good parts .
It 's just not quite as much fun as it should be , despite Pearce 's best efforts and some good chemistry with Grace .
Guy Pierce doing his turn as Bruce Willis in `` Die Hard '' gives the movie a boost .
A ludicrously enjoyable sci-fi thriller salted with some sharp lines caustically delivered by Pearce as a sort of thinking man 's Jason Statham .
Trashily entertaining space prison flick that delivers some pleasingly old school thrills , thanks to a witty script , pacey direction and an enjoyable central performance from Guy Pearce .
In space , no one can hear you snore .
If there were a reason to see -LSB- this -RSB- , and there really is n't , it would be to savor the way Guy Pearce gleefully surrenders the last iota of credibility in exchange for whooping it up with good-natured abandon as a near-futuristic action hero .
Lockout 's no knockout
In some moments , `` Lockout '' seems incapable of writing its own name . And `` fun '' is not often associated with Guy Pearce . But because he has some , you will , too . This is purely pass-fail territory , so consider it a success by way of social promotion .
Seriously , this picture is a mess . What 's worse is that given the simplistic straight-forward nature of the premise it by all rights should n't be .
some fun action and cool concepts ca n't quite save the film from shoddy writing , weak acting , goofy VFX and a running time that 's about 20 minutes too long
The tone of the whole endeavor should n't work as well as it does -LRB- who does one liners anymore ? -RRB- but as they say casting is everything .
Guy Pearce creates one of the most memorable action heroes since John McClane .
It 's clichéd , ridiculous , and very entertaining .
I suspect many people will be on board , as I was , with Lockout for about 5 minutes . Fortunately , anyone can go to YouTube and see them without seeing what comes next : 85 minutes of shoddy plotting , direction and full-on boredom .
The idea of an Escape From New Yorkin space with the underrated Guy Pearce in the Snake Plissken role seemed like a slam dunk . How do you screw that up ? Watch Lockout and find out .
Lockout is derivative and ridiculous and a good time , provided you can turn off higher brain functions along with any other part of you that might want to lodge a complaint about liberal borrowing from better movies .
The tag-team of filmmakers seems to have only two ideas - having stupendously ugly characters shove their mugs into the camera , or staging action sequences so dizzily you have no idea what 's going on .
The film is 100 minutes of bad lighting , bad editing , dodgy sound , science-fiction-film cliches and CGI Cheez Whiz .
Does a fine job of continually coming up with obstacle after obstacle for our two leads to dodge - not the least of which happens to be good , old-fashioned logic .
If nothing else it 's a strong argument for Pearce to take on more charismatic leading roles -- he comes so close to rescuing Lockout that who knows what he might do in an actual good movie .
Since it makes no apologies for what it is , neither should the viewer regret the utterly disposable entertainment on display .
Too derivative , slapdash and uninvolving to be any kind of memorable offering -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
The funniest thing about Lockout , a film that is not without several amusements of a subsidiary nature , is the notion that it is based on an `` original idea . ''
Yes , Lockout is idiotic and downright poorly made at points , but with a winning star and a bevvy of one-liners it 's easily more fun than a lot of fodder out there .
By borrowing a bit too liberally , it ends up drowning in its own demented designs .
It 's the cinematic equivalent of Paris Hilton .
This is one astonishingly insipid film , a crude , unimaginative piece of ugly claptrap , consisting entirely of spare parts assembled with a minimum of style or enjoyment .
My problem was with the script of this film and the disappointing thing is that I think it all could have been fixed at the script level with very little effort .
It is amazing to watch Pearce , who might be one hundred times better than the rest of Lockout .
`` Lockout '' is meat-and-potatoes filmmaking at its most basic .
It 's the kind of movie where someone tumbling in space above the earth 's atmosphere opens a parachute and lands gently on earth without even gasping for a breath .
At no point should Lockout be taken too seriously . Do n't expect big plot surprises or slick effects -LRB- the earthbound motorcycle chase is particularly lame -RRB- or even anything that looks like romance .
It does a splendid job of putting the pale into imitation and draining the life out of derivative .
There 's cheap , and then there 's this rip-off .
Most of the time `` Lockout '' is pleasant enough , not something to recommend to a friend , but enjoyable in the moment .
What could have been a smart Kubrickian enterprise , or at the very least a top-of-the-line sci-fi piece , instead aspires to little more than stock C-grade action schlock .
The only reason to bother discussing the derivative , chintzy Lockout is -LSB- Guy -RSB- Pearce .
Every time -LSB- Pearce is -RSB- off-screen , the premise 's silliness starts to seem exactly that -- silly .
... Lockout is simply unable to become the fun and fast-paced thriller that its creators have clearly intended ...
Mostly `` Lockout '' is lost in space .
A decidedly derivative and tough-to-swallow sci-fi actioner that reminds of something Jean-Claude Van Damme would have made in the early - '90s , the film is very nearly saved by Guy Pearce .
A putrid film that comes dead-weighted with hammy one-liners and a plot so silly it borders on comedy ...
Yes , it is dumb but it is of the kind of dumbness that makes for strangely compelling viewing for those willing to embrace its pop-art insanities in all their gaudy manifestations .
Seems recycled to begin with but grows increasingly tired and repetitive as the narrative drones on .
`` Lockout '' ... is ... as dopey an entertainment as imaginable , but it 's also a reminder that the film 's star , Guy Pearce , has always had great screen magnetism , to which he has now added a bedrock of muscle . Also : he can act .
Untested directors and feeble creative efforts gradually scrape away the fun factor of this snoozer , which grows more tedious and oddly joyless by the minute .
If he 's poking fun at the genre , Besson has a way to go , thanks to the distractions of a muddled story and silly ending that defies physics and all the laws of nature .
First-time writer-directors James Mather and Stephen St. Leger have put some thought into all of this - always a bonus in a no-brakes thriller , especially one of Besson 's .
what appears on the big screen is dreary looking cheese , complete with a CGI motorcycle chase that looks like it was literally ripped from a videogame . The film only works at all because of ... Guy Pearce , having a ball as an 80 's era action hero ...
`` Lockout '' never busts out of its cheesy concept .
Lockout is genre all the way . The film wears its colors proudly , but it also , alas , wears out its welcome .
So-so action outing from the Luc Besson factory .
Lockout has its flaws , but is entertaining and comical in a genre that could use a little humor .
The editing by Eamonn Power and Camille Delamarre appears to have been handled while running from one gate to another in an airport somewhere .
An under-whelming sci-fi thriller .
I kept waiting for Nicolas Cage to show up . Or Katherine Heigl . Or , god forbid , both .
Pearce gets into his groove swiftly , owns it and remains entertaining . The rest of the movie , however , would work better as a video game .
-LSB- Has -RSB- ambitions only of stupid fun and completely ridiculous , logic-bending action . The ` fun ' part comes and goes .
Too serious to be a parody and too stupid to be a viable action pic , Lockout floats like space junk in the final frontier .
The sort of low rent action movie thing they made in the 1980s and 1990s , which usually starred Rutger Hauer or Christopher Lambert .
Overall , this is an okay time waster when it comes on TV or DVD , but it 's certainly not worth full price at the box office , despite , some entertainment provided by the always reliable Guy Pearce .
Guy Pearce goes into low-Earth orbit to get his cool back in `` Lockout , '' a silly sci-fi B-picture made fun by his star turn .
More than any masculine heroics , Pearce 's primary job is maintaining the tone : smug , irreverent , and giddily punch-drunk .
Snow is an overwritten hero who talks like a sitcom character . Every line is a wisecrack , a gag , or what he fondly thinks of as a witticism .
Yes , it 's cheesy and derivative . But Guy Pearce and Maggie Grace elevate the material , and it never takes itself seriously .
So it 's the future . And the President 's daughter is being held hostage in an outer space prison . And the only guy brave/tough/smartass enough to go get her just happens to be the ex-government agent who might be a murderer .
Movies like this are supposed to be ridiculous on some level . It 's part of the fun . But , dang .
Silly summer action movie season is already here , and now it 's Guy Pearce , looking very dashing as former CIA operative Snow , the wisecracking hero with his own set of rules .
Lockout is n't high art , but it 's ridiculous fun .
Low-rent but fun eighties/nineties throwback . Guy Pearce makes a solid , sardonic hero .
... a solid SF action movie that may not challenge audiences , but it does n't treat them like idiots either .
By the very nature of it being in space ` Lockout ' is a better movie than ` Colombiana , ' but then again ` Colombiana ' had Zoe Saldana in spandex . I think it 's fair to call them both worth watching on your iPad when your flight gets delayed .
A collage of futuristic landscapes and big screen 1-vs-100 scenarios , the `` space jail '' thriller tests your patience for stupidity and cookie cutter filmmaking .
A surprisingly workable '90s throwback that delivers on far more levels than other such attempts .
Like a Luc Besson concept that was fleshed out by a high-school creative-writing class . . all the suspense of air leaking from a balloon .
Cavalierly conceived , generically titled and derivatively plotted . It feels like a missed chance because Pearce and Grace came ready to play .
From conception to execution , every element in this sci-fi actioner is second-rate , derivative , and cheesy .
Lockout is the kind of manly nonsense no one wants to make anymore .
The committee product of newbie directors James Mather , Stephen St. Leger , and producer Luc Besson , Lockout is , not unexpectedly , a potluck of derivative references .
Witty one-liners compensate for cliched plotting and cheesy effects in this sci-fi action thriller .
Lockout is a largely half-hearted effort in which some of the major set pieces are so indifferently executed that they literally look exactly like sequences out of video games .
If you 're going high concept , you do it to the max . The guys behind this one , however , only get halfway there , losing too much energy , attention and budget to lame story frills .
In both premise and execution , `` Lockout '' combines elements of Besson 's `` The Fifth Element '' and `` Escape from New York , '' clinging to those and countless other movies ' B-movie thrills so faithfully that it at least remains watchably bad .
At a certain point , the pic 's unpretentious B-movie style , like its generic and uninformative title , seems to indicate a simple lack of ambition .
Who cares about subpar computer-generated work when Guy Pearce is a one-man cartoon badass spectacle all to himself ?
Big dumb fun is the chief objective of Lockout , so it 's a pity that this sci-fi action flick only consistently delivers on two-thirds of its promise .
Guy Pearce 's one-liners can not save this videogame .



@highlight

Guy Pearce does the best he can with what he 's given , but Lockout is ultimately too derivative and shallow to build on the many sci-fi thrillers it borrows from .