Fairly funny , made-for-kids sequel to the 2014 animated film about a bunch of city park animals looking for the easy life . -LSB- A -RSB- fast-moving sequel .
The battle of wits between humans and the assorted animals provides much of the laughs and most of the best scenes of this amiable but unmemorable animated adventure .
This franchise is slowly building towards mediocrity . Perhaps it 'll get there .
To cut to the chase , this one 's a forgettable sequel , which has its moments but not enough to deserve a big screen viewing , unless you are obsessed with talkative squirrels .
So the arrival of Operation Peanut 2 comes accompanied by three surprises . First , its mere existence ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Nut Job was profitable enough to have this sequel that no one has asked for ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The little-awaited sequel to the 2014 original .
In a nutshell , this crowd-pleaser has some bite , but families craving something more filling should hunt elsewhere .
It has all the traits that made The Nut Job so completely pointless-complicated non-story , dull characters , lame sight gags , lamer puns-then ups the ante with an in-your-face nastiness , stomping and bellowing at the top of its obnoxious voice .
On the Granger Gauge , the squirrels scurry in with a frenzied 4 out of 10 - in this back-to-school time-waster .
a repetitive , redundant mess .
All of that might sound stupid : it is .
Derivative and predictable .
Frustratingly , there are decent gags -- suggesting writers were present , but just told to hurry up .
Loud , silly and tired . Aside from an almost-fun Jackie Chan cameo , this is enough to give anyone a severe nut allergy .
The computer graphics are ugly and dated , the plot a clump of clichés , and with one notable exception , you can almost hear the voice cast scrolling through their phones in the recording booth .
It 's a decent if unexceptional family option .
To do justice to The Nut Job 2 : Nutty by Nature , I 'm going to follow the advice of Thumper the rabbit from another animated movie called Bambi . He counsels viewers , `` If you ca n't say something nice , do n't say nothing at all . ''
The pun-heavy script -LRB- `` I am a weapon of mouse destruction , '' offers Jackie Chan 's rodent -RRB- and the animation is almost as low-rent as one might expect from a film called The Nut Job 2 : Nutty by Nature . Almost . Bring back Psy .
We know that untold hours were spent by artists in service of a product that even the least discerning child would find tired and useless .
No one seems to know why The Nut Job 2 exists , including the people who made it .
-LSB- It -RSB- should be considered only by parents desperate to get the kids out of the house for a couple of hours , and even then , hopefully for matinee prices at most .
Are there really people out there who 've been hungering for another fix of The Nut Job ?
The Nut Job 2 goes full throttle on the timely stuff , resulting in a -LRB- slightly -RRB- more thoughtful and entertaining outing .
All-round good fun .
A searing indictment of capitalistic government corruption
A movie as forgettable as Nut Job 2 will quickly disappear into the summer haze .
The jokes are thin , the computer animation is wanting and the inane plot is a series of set pieces strung together .
The character design is ugly , and the story is tired , with corny song cues and easy stereotypes .
Noisier , busier , crasser and more laugh-free than the first outing .
One of those rare examples in which the sequel is technically better than the original , but it 's still not a compliment .
There 's not an appealing or memorable character in the mix .
Thoroughly unentertaining .
This is quite possibly one of the most boring movies that I 've ever had to sit through , especially in the realm of animation .
Superior to its predecessor , though still mediocre by the standards of the best family-friendly fare , boasting lots of mindless hubbub but a distinct lack of wit or memorable lines .
Needed additional passes through the draft and editing process to get to the level of creativity , imagination and engagement we 've come to expect from animation 's best . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Crude Humor , etc. - also Available -RRB-
In the unwanted sequel The Nut Job 2 : Nutty by Nature , the jokes are still mean-spirited and the animation uninspired .
As a summer - holiday outing to the cinema , this is strictly one for a rainy day .
The Great Pacific garbage patch of the future will contain relatively few copies of The Nut Job 2 .
The jokes might not be laugh-out-loud funny , but they 're better than the dire gags from its predecessor .
It certainly does n't compete in Pixar 's league , as animation goes -- but it does n't drop to the depths of those creepy little emoji , either .
It 's an unexpectedly radical , if otherwise rather rote animated sequel .
Though it may clear the low bar set by the first film , The Nut Job 2 still suffers from many of the same problems .
Derivative , head-wrecking , synapse-splitting tedium .
Once again Arnett , Heigl and company simply do n't come off as dimensionally warm and engaging as required .
As an animated entertainment , `` The Nut Job 2 '' lacks several key factors : memorable characters , a fun story , jokes that will appeal to adults as well as little kids .
If the original Nut Job was about the emergence of a single hero , the sequel is about a collective banding together to combat the powers that be . This is the film 's greatest strength .
Not particularly clever or inventive with cartoon mayhem , and offers a follow-up where a canine character gleefully consumes two piles of vomit .
Kids wo n't be so allergic to it . Nutty By Nature moves along competently and colourfully , hashing together known quantities that have proven amusing in less forgettable movies .
The pests are back in this none too ingratiating sequel to the 2014 animated feature .
The Nut Job 2 is colorful , kid-friendly , and occasionally laugh-out-loud funny .
While preaching a positive message , it 's been presented in an all too formulaic manner , as a film that abides , albeit affectionately , to the tropes and beats of the genre in a jarring fashion .
Throw in a couple of ugly new characters and one semi-nauseating barf joke , and `` The Nut Job 2 '' marks the emergence of a consistently tone-deaf animated franchise .
The summer of inessential animation continues with this very middling sequel to 2014 's semi-forgotten squirrel-based timekiller .
At least it 's not `` The Emoji Movie . ''

@highlight

The Nut Job 2 : Nutty by Nature may be a slight improvement over its predecessor , but its frantic animated antics still offer minimal entertainment to all but the least discriminating viewers .