High school drama tale is too edgy for young teens .
O humor melancólico estabelecido pelo estreante Glatzer funciona na maior parte do tempo , sendo beneficiado ainda pela impecável performance de Coogan .
An epic dramedy of teenage angst that is too much drama and not enough comedy for Steve Coogan 's good .
The film opens chaotically , perhaps randomly , and it never finds its proper footing . Most movies take their sweet time to reveal incompetence . What Goes Up boldly advertises it within the first 60 seconds .
What Goes Up is an earnest morality tale . It 's very uneven , but it also seems sincere .
About as cruddy as a cruddy little indie can get , especially given a cast that should 've known better .
The whole thing feels like a premeditated attempt at a Sundance sensation , a mix of cast members -LRB- and ideas -RRB- from Juno and Hamlet 2 spiced up with the now obligatory '80s references .
Director and co-writer Jonathan Glatzer handles his talented cast well , and the movie is dark , droll and sentimental in roughly the correct proportions .
I never know quite what they were saying about heroism and then there are all these unanswered questions .
The film really struggles to find its voice and to find purpose and meaning .
Has a charismatic performance by Steve Coogan , but that 's not nearly enough to save it from drowning from its bland , awkward and lazy screenplay that fails to generate any real laughs or palpable dramatic tension .
A rambling , self-serious and chronically unfocused look at '80s - era small town America and the socio-psychological anguish of disaffected youth .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Glatzer aims to wring laughter out of this desperation but succeeds only in producing a series of contrived characters and situations that make The Breakfast Club look like an unfiltered documentary .
An unusually subdued Coogan does his best , but this is the kind of pretentious nonsense he usually satirizes .
Mr. Coogan does n't seem altogether comfortable with his part , which , like the story , undergoes a number of unconvincing changes .
Such a confused , convoluted , odd piece of cinema that I almost recommend seeing it just because it is so very unusual .
a mess of a movie
While it 's often as amateurish as it is assured , Glatzer and writer Robert Lawson want to convey so much that the sheer breadth of the movie means they hit a few of their targets .
Muted and never moving , instead finding no insight while dragging its feet along a variety of forced quirks .
With its flat-footed script and poor production values , What Goes Up is a movie to be endured rather than enjoyed .
In the current rut of similarly titled films with aspirations of altitude -LRB- `` Up , '' `` Away We Go '' -RRB- , `` What Goes Up '' is an especially loathsome case of entropy .
I 've seen a lot of terrible movies in the line of duty , but What Goes Up might be the only genuinely unreleasable one .
Without a trace of tempo or one shred of narrative pacing , What Goes Up is not really a movie ; it 's the cheapest kind of amateurishness that looks like it was shot with a cell phone .
What Goes Up 's point that Americans create icons to fulfill their own screwy needs is made through contrived and nonsensical plotting .
Duff and the other young actors should not be faulted for the adults around them , both in the movie and behind the cameras . They excel at projecting the confusion and anguish of students in crisis , and all deserve an A . The filmmakers are another matter .
` What Goes Up ' does n't .
Given its title and direct linkage to the 1986 Challenger shuttle disaster -- nearly adds tasteless to its unflattering hat trick .





@highlight

What Goes Up squanders the charisma of Steve Coogan with a lazy screenplay , contrived plotting , and overall poor production .