From its empty soul to its poorly framed shots ready for pan-and-scan conversion , Something Borrowed seems primed to play on Saturday afternoons on E! , sandwiched between reruns of Keeping Up with the Kardashians ...
Chemistry-free casting -LRB- Ginnifer Goodwin and John Krasinski -RRB- and a flawed premise , not the recipe for a great romance
The work of the lead trio keeps the movie from ever becoming something blue .
No romantic drama has ever been so misguided and eager for you to root against its characters . This tacky , morally abhorrent film is unbearable .
While Something Borrowed obviously wants to explore themes of competitiveness and betrayal in female friendships , it seems to feel compelled to hit pre-programmed chick flick beats at regular intervals .
It 's neither romantic nor comedic . Sort of defeats the whole point of the exercise , you know ?
This is another supposedly female-friendly motion picture that secretly hates women , making both of its main two characters as unappealing as possible seemingly every step of the way .
You 'd have a lot more fun sharing a few Heinekens than wasting your time on this movie in which lies build upon lies until the whole plot comes crashing down .
Prepare to leave feeling something blue .
... a passable romcom that just barely gets the job done ...
An intoxicated condition might be the best one in which to watch this terrible movie .
The book was good but the movie is not . Too many unlikable characters without any softening .
It should have borrowed some charm .
As a wedding drama which feels like we 've seen it 1,000 times before , Something Borrowed certainly lives up to the ` seen-it-all-before ' title .
I was grasping at straws to find anyone in the film that acted like a normal human being with a moral center .
It 's the Transformers of chick-flicks , a brain-stabbing hundred minutes of brutal hurtness .
Even though it 's chick-flicky with men who are either girly men or brutish clods , Goodwin and Krasinsky -LRB- in the Tony Randall role -RRB- give good performances .
If you met any of these people in real life , you 'd head for the hills ; here , we 're trapped with them for the duration , and it feels like a season in hell .
Some of the most utterly unlikable characters you 've ever met . The exception is Kate Hudson 's Darcy , who is completely detestable .
Spineless people slowly falling in love is painless to watch . ` Something Borrowed ' now stands as proof of this .
The genre always assumes we 'll sympathize with ugly , soulless , personality-free women doing terrible things ... But even grading on that rom-com curve , this is a disgusting movie ...
It never quite comes together because the appalling behaviour of the three main characters does n't translate well from page to screen .
Hudson cements her talent for playing someone we are clearly intended to tolerate just because she 's good at getting a party going .
A quickly-paced melodrama with a good cast and not really much else .
We 're never given any legitimate reason why Rachel would consider the self-absorbed Darcy such a dear friend for so many years .
The movie is merely a joke-stoked soap opera ; its bare-bones plot leaves the characters unrealized and the situations undefined .
The film seems to think that we will find something entertaining about Darcy just because she 's played by Kate Hudson . It 's hard to imagine a worse miscalculation .
Like a trashy paperback you take to the beach , I 'm not proud of liking it and I 'm not saying it does n't have problems , but in the end I kind of enjoyed it anyway .
Although ` Something Borrowed ' deals with serious love vs. friendship issues , Kate Hudson 's performance is over-the-top funny .
The film relies on a singular idea-deciding whether to hurt a friend for the sake of true happiness . It 's a premise that runs out of steam halfway through , but not before repeating its point over and over . More like `` Something to Throw Away . ''
I suspect most of us would cross a crowded highway barefoot and bleeding to avoid any contact whatsoever with the insufferable twits populating this gruesome rom-com .
That is quite a pickle . Or at least it would be if real people were involved , or if it were addressed with any degree of intelligence .
A better title : Everything Borrowed .
Hudson and Goodwin have great chemistry together . Krasinski does the best acting job and steals every scene he appears in . The cinematography , scenic New York locations and a romantic soundtrack are added bonuses .
I ca n't believe Something Borrowed is based on a book . I can take this sort of thing from a Hollywood screenwriter , but an author actually wrote a story that 's so completely derivative of Hollywood rom-coms ?
... chances are your real friends are smarter , and more interesting and they almost certainly say funnier things .
Kate Hudson has punished us yet again .
There 's a moment in the third act when the emotional tangles feel dangerous and exciting ... But the rest of the film is not as good as these brief few minutes , and cruises in a lower gear
... rises above its lack of promise ...
`` Inept and implausible in almost every way , Something Borrowed is the smug rom-com answer to the Apatowian man-child comedy . ''
The movie strains far too hard to make what Rachel and Dex have done all right , as if their guilty anguish - and the movie 's saccharine score - frees us to root for them .
In Something Borrowed , Kate Hudson looks exhausted , as if she is as tired of wading through another one of her feckless duds as we are of watching them .
Though breathlessly caught up in the lives of women in nice shoes dithering about what they should do with their lives , it never approaches being as interesting as those shoes
After two acts of drunken partying and sad goo-goo eyes in every direction , Something Borrowed just sort of explodes in slapdash revelation and a final scene that merely sorts out the emotional wreckage .
Compared to last year 's Sex and the City 2 , this is a breath of fresh air . For those who enjoy the great romantic comedies , though , Something Borrowed has n't borrowed enough .
The tension between the film 's happy public surface and the thorny interior themes of guilt and deception gives the movie a perhaps unintentional ` romcom noir ' distinctiveness .
`` Something Borrowed '' is something ... ew .
Soap-operaish romcom is full of mature twists , betrayals .
Here we go again : big lies swell and then pop in a flick that 's one-hundred percent adherent to the shiny , colorful Warner Brothers rom-com style guide .
`` Something Borrowed '' asks the question , `` Is it possible to pull off a romantic comedy in which you do n't want anyone to end up with anyone else ? '' The answer is , `` No . ''
If you want my opinion-and I am way outside -LRB- think Pluto -RRB- the intended audience-forget this often crass effort about the double-headed love gymnastics involving BFFs in the Big Apple . It 's just not all that appealing a rom-com .
Even if you 've got a soft spot for silly rom-coms , know that this one is as empty-headed as it gets .
Something Borrowed is a snappy rom com about intersecting desires among a group of twenty-something friends .
The sisterhood is already grumbling about a movie that suggests women will happily choose a mate over friendship , but actually it 's the stereotypes of good behaviour rather than bad that bring this rom com crashing down .
The half-star rating goes to John Krasinski for heroically rising above this vile dung heap of a movie .
Love is the only thing that matters here , but in an unhealthy , annoying way .
Starts funny , but loses steam towards the end as it gets more dramatic .
By the end of Something Borrowed , the collective withholding of true feelings is enough to make an audience want to pull the trigger on something else .
Would be wholly unbearable if it were n't for Krasinski , who is on the scene with his goofy , bulbous nose and perfect comedic timing to partially redeem the almost unwatchable .
The film 's themes , about friendship and turning 30 , are laid bare in sometimes farcical terms .
The script and direction are by-the-numbers at best and Goodwin 's hairstyles tend to be distractingly awful .
A predictable romantic comedy with cookie-cutter characters - the nerdy professional with a mean-girl best friend , both vying for a stoic lawyer who secretly wants to be a teacher .
The big moral issues , the deception and lies ? Blown off , like so much sand on the deck . After all , if you 're a rich , young , white American , what 's a bit of hanky-panky among friends ?
It 's mainly interested in hurtling from one cute set piece to the next , plausibility and/or ` organic ' character development be damned .
Like so many romantic comedies , it believes the drama is in contrived conflict .
Something Borrowed is really cute if your definition of ` cute ' is 'em otionally abusive people being horrible to each other all the time . '
There 's not much to say about Something Borrowed that you could n't read in a hundred different reviews about a hundred different romantic comedies .
A genial cast and moderately funny script prevail over the sort of sappy music cues and white-bread settings that have become the grating norm in Hollywood rom-coms .
Only in the movies would the adorable Ginnifer Goodwin consistently be cast as the plain girl .
With its long guest list of chick-flick and rom-com clichés , Something Borrowed is something old instead of something new . Say `` I do n't . ''
Does n't always evade the traps of convention , but it is the first film of its kind in a while with an ending that is n't such an obvious foregone conclusion .
Goodwin radiates probity and makes waiting almost look interesting , and so , for all the movie 's awkwardness , it remains watchable . But she 's waiting for something that 's not worth waiting for , not for her and not for us .
Bonds are tested and feelings hurt , but who really cares ? The story takes predictable turns , embraces clichés and dodges all humor .
Unfortunately , although it asks some interesting questions , it 's hampered by annoying and downright unlikable characters .
... has a cast that 's too good for the script-manipulated characters they play .
Krasinski is , once again , the best thing about a romantic comedy .
The most dispiriting thing about `` Something Borrowed '' is that with a little more art , craft and wit it could have been a lot better , maybe even good .
A two-minute romantic problem that takes two movie hours to resolve .
A film that fails to dramatize its intriguing premise .
At times `` Something Borrowed '' is almost offensively unrealistic .
All of the characters are treated sincerely and played in a straightforward style . It 's just that we do n't love them enough .
`` Something Borrowed '' is carrion that Kate Hudson circles like a vulture .
a nasty little piece of emotional smut
Kate Hudson 's amusing portrait of an egomaniacal frenemy is the best reason to see this overextended soap opera .
A film that feels agonizingly synthetic and alien .
I ca n't imagine an audience for this other than backers , relatives or friends of the filmmakers , and even they will find their mettle tested .
How many times must we be subjected to another gorgeous , glamorous starlet impersonating a clumsy wallflower ? Will anyone really believe in this GQ-perfect big man on campus who lacks the courage to ask her out on a date ?
Simply a misfire , a flat rom com , not even well acted
There is not a whole lot to love about this supposed romantic comedy and thus it is not worth the ticket price , wait for the DVD !
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- ... you 'll have to reach a decision about smiling cute characters without a jot of ethical sense . The filmmakers have already sized up their audience .
A successful romantic comedy should offer breezy wish fulfillment as sweet and airy as cotton candy . Something Borrowed is overlong and at times tedious ; the taste is gritty and lingers unpleasantly .
Hardly romantic and barely a comedy , Something Borrowed hovers in that damp gray region of movies that are often characterized as `` cute , '' though it has barely enough character to stand up even to that bland adjective .
A romantic comedy does n't have to be a hardcore slog through the crippling realities of love , but fantasy should n't feel like punishment . Who needs substance when the obvious is a proven seller .
Occasionally chuckle-worthy and seldom awful or stupid . It 's an emotionally intelligent film , if not an outstandingly amusing one .
John Krasinski provides relief as Ethan , who would be the gay best friend except that he 's straight and who maintains an amused irony that almost makes the film endurable .
Why did this movie leave such a rotten taste in my mouth ? Because its story , based on Emily Giffin 's popular novel , is a pretty repellent view of women 's friendship .
A soul-searching chick flick that really clicks .
It 's hard to fathom why director Luke Greenfield agreed to give his film the too-apropos title Something Borrowed .
Rarely gets beyond its simplistic plot and Kate Hudson 's ridiculous character .
Hints at a moral complexity beyond typical rom-com fare but ends up retreating into glossy , unpleasant superficiality .
Greenfield stumbles on occasions but it aims at some sort of honesty and for the most part achieves it .
As odd as it seems , Something Borrowed grows on you as it wears on , primarily because its characters are relatively unlikeable for a film of this type .
Many melodramatic revelations come to light in the film 's third act , then they 're just as quickly resolved . But do n't feel daunted : You 'll probably have checked out mentally and emotionally long before any of this anyway .
Krasinski has a great comic touch ; his every reaction shot is a relief from the tedium of nobody telling the truth . And it 's probably all he can do not to glance at the camera , Office-style , as if to say , `` Can you believe how dumb this stuff is ? ''
How annoying is this movie ? This watered down chick-flick gives not just chicks , but flicks a bad name .
An irredeemably lame by-the-numbers romcom . The plot is creaky , the ending obvious , the Goodwin-Hudson friendship so flat and false they might be fighting over a Ken doll .
It made me like it against my will and despite my biases , and it made me like that I liked it . I enjoyed its walk of shame .
Something Borrowed never quite comes to terms with the fact that its object of desire is , well , a colossal p -- .
Romantic comedy has taken a shellacking lately in a series of stupefying flops , but they did n't have Ginnifer Goodwin .
It 's no coincidence that Something Borrowed features lawyer protagonists ; while making a pretense of being a comedy of modern sexual ethics , the movie never asks a hard question without an answer prepared in advance .
While the screenplay reveals surprising nuance and there are standout performances , this too often succumbs to the schmaltzy tropes of the genre .
Something blue as well as this wedding party has enough unlikable characters to put anyone into a funk .
This relatively charmless adaptation centers on the relatable-enough panic of watching one 's ideal partner tie the knot with the wrong person , but ditches all the elements that link the premise to real life .
We soon lose interest in their romantic plight and wish the film did n't feel like a three hour marathon of plastic situations and plastic characters
Light entertainment that should prove a popular choice for a girls ' night out , although it 's too long and most of the characters are irritating , ''

@highlight

In spite of solid performances from Kate Hudson and John Krasinski , Something Borrowed is an unpleasant misfire that lives down to its title .