Almost identical to 2009 's Orphan , Case 39 does little keep your attention as its riddled with cliches -- menacing music , domino casualties , and predictable horror plotline .
A soulless amalgamation of several horror classics , and marks another dud in the career of Renee Zellweger .
Despite its initial premise showing promise , Case 39 turns out to be boring , predictable and nothing new .
The end of Zellweger as we 've known her .
While it 's able to pull you in at some points with its eerie mood , it needed a lot more originality and better scares than the cheap kind of just having things pop up out of nowhere .
-LSB- A -RSB- dumb thriller .
... a decent little horror flick ...
Directed by Christian Alvart -LRB- Pandorum -RRB- with a less than giddy hand , Case 39 is truly terrible . But at least it scores a few ` so bad it 's good ' points .
Not only is Case 39 deplorable and morally off-center , the film is dull to boot .
What starts out as slight and fairly obvious turns into a frequently colorful horror tale .
... we get a couple of moments of genuine suspense combined with a whole lot of cheap thrills .
What do you do with a crummy horror movie that has been sitting on the shelf for a couple , or maybe three , years ?
... before the movie is half over , the usual cliches take over ...
Its time to put the nail in the otherworldly evil child genre until someone comes up with something original . The only thing supernatural about Case 39 is its ungodly presence on this planet .
What do you do with a crummy horror movie that has been sitting on the shelf for a couple , or maybe three , years ?
Neither so awful as to be enjoyable nor eerily artful enough to be anything other than a snoozy also-ran .
in the meantime , director Christian Alvart went on to make the effectively moody `` Pandorum , '' but this movie is a dud .
It 's as lame as can be , and despite sitting on the shelf for four years , it 's not even bad enough to be unintentionally funny .
It 's a bummer when the audience is smarter than the protagonist .
Unremarkable except for its subversive subtext .
As demonic children movies go , it?s really not bad -- and the acting makes it seem a little better than that .
From a bevy of cheesy jolt scares -LRB- alarm clock ! barking dog ! -RRB- to the embarrassing sight of Zellweger and Ian McShane treating this Orphan-style B-movie silliness with grave seriousness , the film proves to be one hokey-horror riot .
By the time the killings start , it 's clear that Ray Wright 's screenplay is more interested in following formula than in breaking new ground .
That pounding you hear is the sound of nails going into Renee Zellwegger 's career coffin
About as scary as a shadow puppet , Case 39 is more fun as a modern procreation parable , and a total kick as Renée Zellweger 's attempt to enter Jodie Foster territory .
The devil made them do it , but that does n't mean you have to see it .
This overly familiar , wholly unoriginal would-be psychological thriller provokes few reactions outside of boredom and -- in , sadly , too few moments -- derisive laughter .
Not as bad as I was expecting .
This supernaturally tinged tale only goes skin-deep and is proud of it , wasting little time in establishing narrative basics and getting to the good stuff .
takes a potent subtext about the terrors of unprepared parenthood and wastes it in a rote creepy kid flick that displays both iffy internal logic and a trifling execution
It would have been better for all concerned if this ` Case ' had remained closed .
Just how old is this picture ? Let 's just say that when filming began , David O. Selznick was still combing the country for the perfect Scarlett O'Hara .
An aggressively inept demon-seed chiller starring a bunch of grown-ups who should 've known better .
A mess of a horror movie that spent several years sitting on a shelf and should have remained there .
-LSB- Plays -RSB- like one more piece of multiplex in-box clutter , ready for the circular file in our moviegoing consciousness .
... the scares go top-notch thanks to a creepy performance by young Jodelle Ferland .
About as fun as watching paint dry and as tense as a game of Bingo ...
Miscast , poorly-directed , and just-plain boring , Case 39 never clicks into place .
If I 'm to understand the movie as it is presented , demons do not enjoy passive aggression , it only enrages them further , and to avoid a demon , it 's best if you 're neither a nice nor smart person , because then the demon has nothing to work with .
As far as major studio supernatural thrillers are concerned , this one is pretty darn good , a well-crafted , aesthetically artful suspenser .
Paramount has little faith in this supernatural fright film ... and with good reason
This ludicrous outing from helmer Christian Alvart and scribe Ray Wright takes its psycho-satanic babble much too seriously , and should elicit more laughs than frights .
`` Case 39 '' is n't quite as good as `` Orphan , '' but it 's plenty creepy for a run-of-the-mill suspense film . Zellweger , Cooper , and McShane more than pull their weight to make the movie enjoyable .
Hilariously inept , absent even a drop of everyday logic , and mistakes rowdy thespian reaction for suspense ... ca n't seem to make any sense of itself , to a point where the whole endeavor just gives up .
Manages to be both very silly and highly forgettable . Only for those who collect killer-children films .
O que houve com Renée Zellweger ?
Case 39 is too bland , with scares that are so polite they almost take their shoes off to avoid dirtying the hallway carpet of your mind .
Only the procession of unintentional laughs and an unflinchingly confident turn by youngster Jodelle Ferland as Lilith emerge as reasons not to bury your head in a bucket of popcorn and rue the regrettable moment a certain vault was unlocked .
This is horror hokum of the cheesiest kind . Rent ` Orphan ' instead .
Case 39 has been forlornly gathering cobwebs in the proverbial filing cabinet for over a year . Understandably so - it 's terrible . We 'd be embarrassed too .
The only redeeming feature of this clunky demonic horror film is the assured turn from professional scary child Ferland .
Shlocky and ridiculous it may be , but this horror-thriller really is gleefully gruesome and undeniably entertaining : smart work from German director Christian Alvert .
Directed by Christian -LRB- Pandorum -RRB- Alvart with a crazy bevy of random overhead shots , it wins 2010 's first genuine place in the so-bad-it 's - good honours list .
Ferland 's fine performance aside , Case 39 is bafflingly stupid and poorly executed sub-horror fodder .
Director Alvart knows how to shoot chilly and unwelcoming , bleaching his movie with a grey-blue finish .
Pandorum director Alvart summons some scares here : Ferland is persuasively weird and hornets are utilised to skin-crawling effect . Most of his ideas are second-hand , though .
While the viewer will remain one step ahead of the story at all times , director Christian Alvart manages to keep the emotionally charged events moving at a fair clip to gloss over the mounting credibility factors .
It 's all been done before , of course , and Case 39 is let down by too many of those jolting boo ! moments , ropey special effects - check out a badly-animated hornet attack - plus a plot even casual horror fans can predict .
With some parents hurting their kids in real life because they believe they are possessed , the whole tone of this absurd movie is inappropriate .
It does n't help that Zellweger has become so hard to like , horribly smug and pious when things are going right , abjectly hysterical when she sees the error of her ways .
If you liked last year 's Orphan , then Case 39 has your name written all over it - it 's not quite as slick or as scary as Orphan but it 's enjoyably over-the-top and delivers the requisite trashy thrills .
This ramshackle movie features a preposterous plot , dodgy direction and clunky editing , and yet it 's great fun to watch the actors squirm with fear .
Case 39 is basically a poor man 's Orphan - which was n't that good anyway .
Daft , throwaway tosh that does n't even qualify as a guilty pleasure .
Quite scary at times , intriguing ideas and a good cast , including Ian McShane and Adrian Lester , are used badly .
This is a nasty and morally repulsive film .
It is universally terrible in virtually every department , save for the creepy charisma displayed by young Ferland .
One of those movies that 's bad enough to make it worth seeing .
Case 39 is slow , painful and one suspects for both Cooper and Renee Zellweger full of regrets .
This is one of the least scary , dumbest movies I 've seen in a long time .
On the strength of Case 39 , Zellweger could easily play den mother to a brood of hillbilly psychos in a film by Rob Zombie . That would be horror worthy of the name .
Stale reheat of the creepy kid genre . No point investigating . Case closed .
A deftly made horror thriller with plenty of scares , Case 39 may be predictable and somewhat heavy handed , but it ticks all the boxes for the genre .
Strictly by-the-numbers supernatural horror ... that does n't solely rely on its taboo subject matter for all the shocks , boasting moments of genuine suspense .
I 'm sure it will do decent business among the undemanding weekend-horror crowd and Zellweger fans when it eventually sees the light of day . Nobody else need apply .

@highlight

Director Christian Alvert has a certain stylish flair , but it 's wasted on Case 39 's frightless , unoriginal plot .