The sumptuously stunning visuals with a fine cast , all enhance this classic fairy tale .
... it 's full of magic , it lacks cynicism , and it 's hiptotizingly beautiful and ingenious . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Cinderella is simply magical and joyous to watch
Disney 's update is really just a live-action reimagining of their 1950 animated classic , and it 's targeted squarely at little girls . And at that , it succeeds splendidly .
What the story lacks in innovation , the film makes up for in sheer loveliness , performed by a thoroughly engaging cast .
Retaining much of the classic story elements allows the viewer to focus on the intricate details in the set design , costumes and art direction .
We shall have this good , slightly bland Cinderella . Sometimes that 's more than enough .
Artistry and smarts always count for something and this Cinderella has both in spades .
Cinderella is a story that really demands nuance in 2015 , and that feature is sadly lacking in this adaptation .
It 's such a rote recitation of a story we 've heard a thousand times that it 's hard to imagine why on earth they 're telling it to us again .
When gown -LRB- James -RRB- meets jodhpurs -LRB- Madden -RRB- in the pivotal ballroom scene , the chemistry is palpable . In a scene that could have been a large bowl of Edwardian cheese , the two young actors give off plenty of old-fashioned romantic sparks .
Kenneth Branagh 's live action adaptation of Cinderella is a delightful rendition , if surprisingly traditional , that honours the classic fairy tale with a sweet , humorous and earnest treatment befitting a Disney film .
The story does n't work nearly as well in live action , losing the buffer zone of disbelief inherent in Disney 's classic animated version .
For better or worse , Branagh has redefined the template for what Disney 's princess franchise will look like going forward .
Even allowing that Blanchett wrings a wee bit of actual pathos from the added backstory of her character 's bitterness , these performances , like the CG concessions of animated animals , are irritatingly overdone .
Kenneth Branagh 's remake of this much-loved Disney classic is a sumptuous , magical delight -- albeit in a fairly traditional and safe sense .
A very tame live-action retelling of a story everybody already knows .
Why do the whole Cinderella thing again anyway ?
For a movie that has no reason to exist , Disney 's Cinderella is pleasant enough .
It 's a pleasure simply to hear a familiar story well-told .
A good story can cover up all manner of sins . But that ball gown is indicative of the film 's whole approach - covering a thin , needlessly bloated story with beautiful surfaces .
While it 's as unchallenging as comfort food , this Cinderella is almost as hard to hate .
The little girls who fill theater seats in their princess dresses will still have a great time .
Sir Kenneth Branagh 's adaptation of Cinderella may not add anything new to the beloved tale , but with an excellent cast and an elegant sense of style , it makes for a magical and quite charming version of the story that all ages can enjoy .
For those who do n't look for miracles , this Cinderella resolutely delivers everything you could reasonably expect .
In the title role , Lily James is a revelation : sweet without being sugary , simple without being simple-minded and beaming with what must be the most radiant smile in movie history .
Lily James as Cinderella and Richard Madden as the Prince deliver fresh performances with a pleasant chemistry .
The special effects , especially the transformation of a pumpkin into the golden carriage , are uniformly impressive .
Running contrary to its message , the film seems content to fit in rather than stand out from its numerous predecessors on stage and screen .
The problems with the story are still present - this is most certainly not a feminist polemic - but one ca n't help but be caught up in Branagh 's theatrical spirit .
If the young girl who sat in front of me is to speak for children everywhere , they are going to adore this film .
takes the all-too-familiar beats of the story and plumbs them for deeper levels of feeling and physicality , merging the sensual and the chaste in a way that is uniquely compelling in its experiential bliss
Cate Blanchett steals her stepdaughter Cinders 's show .
Lily James shines as Cinderella . -LSB- She -RSB- plays Ella with the right balance of sweetness and sincerity . It 's a genuine and charming performance ; she carries the film very well .
Based on the classic fairy tale , but borrowing heavily from the 1950 film , Cinderella is enchanting , a wonderful and stylish film with a charming lead and emotional narrative .
Disney 's first-class , straight-faced , irony-free , live-action remake of its own 1950 animated classic is a delightful explosion of colour , costumes , virtue and snarling ... a truly beautiful film .
Above all else , the best reason I can give to see this film is Cate Blanchett . She 's incredibly good as the evil stepmother .
After dehydrating the pulpy fun from a Marvel superhero and Tom Clancy spies , you can imagine how Branagh mishandles Cinderella , reverent and corny when a touch of mockery would n't hurt .
It 's hard to see this new Cinders as anything more than a brand-based cash grab when its sole function is to succeed -LRB- and perhaps replace -RRB- a movie that 's ageless .
Cinderella is nice and serviceable , with a refreshing lack of twists on its universally recognisable story .
For the adult viewer , one of the joys of the film is the presence of Cate Blanchett , gloriously gowned , evoking the great female movie stars of the past -LRB- Joan Crawford , Bette Davis -RRB- as the Wicked Stepmother .
Special effects , Cate Blanchett make a familiar tale entertaining
With enough respect to eschew the easy option of modernising it with a hip and radical make-over , it 's kind enough to the characters to get round the problematic sexual politics of the story without making a big statement about them .
Hollywood filmmakers are no slouches these days when it comes to subverting or sending-up fairy-tale conventions . But Kenneth Branagh does something much more daring . He plays things straight .
There 's plenty to like , and a little to love .
Branagh and company whip up a handsome slice of old-fashioned family entertainment .
Darlings , just breathless with the news : Kenneth Branagh 's Cinderella is a sumptuous , candy-coloured rush of romance , with added thespian backbone from Cate Blanchett as the evil stepmother .
Chris Weitz 's screenplay updates the old Charles Perrault yarn in a fresh and witty way . The performances are very lively too .
In its lack of experiment , this latest Cinderella does feel positively experimental .
This is the film of a full-blown romantic who believes in true love , happy endings and the importance of an absolutely fabulous wardrobe .
A remarkably faithful , full-hearted live action rendition of Cinderella , well cast and sumptuously staged , picking its way carefully between Walt Disney 's classic musical animation of 1950 and Perrault 's definitive text .
The thing that makes this Disney live-action remake so wonderful is the same thing that might put off some audience members : it 's a pure fairy tale ...
The story is as enchanting as ever , the handsome cast does n't miss a beat , while the costumes and set design are wonders to behold . But the movie 's sheer flawlessness turns out to be a flaw in itself .
With all -LRB- the recent -RRB- twisting and sculpting of classic stories , it 's refreshing to watch ... Cinderella because it remains largely faithful .
Slightly eerie in its dead-eyed coldness , but you get used to it .
There is a lot of dying early on and also quite a lot later on , when you will feel you are dying , of boredom , of ennui and , possibly , the full weight of the patriarchy , pressing down hard on your chest .
It 's good-natured and silly , with nice support from Rob Brydon , Nonso Anozie , Derek Jacobi and Katie West .
Delivers EXACTLY what it promises . Perfectly . Beautifully . Magically .
Witty , richly drawn and unashamedly old school , this is a smart adaptation that understands the enduring appeal of its source material , and does n't feel the need to subvert or reinvent .
This is an enchantment - with the occasional touch of nostalgia - just the way it should be .
There are times , particularly when the bland Madden is on screen , that the wholesomeness gets a bit much . But kids will likely have a ball .
Sumptuously appointed and elegantly well-acted , looks and feels magical and should delight even the most skeptical cynic .
Kenneth Branagh 's lavish live-action telling of the folktale made familiar to many by Disney 's 1950 animated feature film is a faithful take that derives pleasure in updating expectations and absolutely never dashing them .
The result is a pleasant surprise , and just goes to show : if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it .
The Cinderella fable is a lot like Leonard Cohen 's `` Hallelujah '' : it 's been covered .
I wan na go to Disneyland ! I wan na go to Disneyland right now !
It looks terrific . It 's also faithful to a fault -- and that 's exactly the problem , since it makes it on the dull , unadventurous side .
The studio has managed to do the impossible , and portray a version of the classic fairy tale heroine who 's even more of an insipid doormat that the one in its 1950 animated classic .
Branagh pulls off the same sort of trick he did with Thor : he creates a visually overwhelming , heavily gilded world , and then keeps the focus on the characters within it .
If the film belongs to anyone , however , it is Cate Blanchett as the wicked stepmother , looking as though she could lacerate someone with her cheekbones .
Disney 's live action Cinderella benefits from Ken Branagh 's kudos in being able to attract the kind of cast and achieving the kind of tone such a well known and loved fairy tale needs
There are many highlights , but none more memorable than when the clock strikes midnight ... It 's a bumpy ride for the radiant Ella -LRB- Lily James -RRB- ... as the pumpkin bursts - just like her dreams
Much Magic at Play in this `` Cinderella . ''
Branagh makes this familiar tale feel so fresh , even though you know exactly where it 's going , staging it with the full-scale splendor of a period drama rather than a bedtime story .
No matter how cynical you might be -- hardened by the current climate of remakes , reboots and incessant sequels -- it 's impossible to avoid getting caught up in the magic of a little Bippidy-boppidy-boo .
The actors in the film all give strong performances . This film is gorgeously staged with wonderful costumes , sets and production design . Scenic locations are expertly lensed by cinematographer Haris Zambarloukos .
` Cinderella ' is made of Disney magic .
Nearly a century after that black-and-white cartoon short , and 65 years after a `` classic '' animated feature that missed the mark , Disney finally got Cinderella right -- for now and , happily , ever after .
Branagh knows how to sweep us up in the ecstatic thrall of the familiar without breaking from fantasy or making his central messages about bravery , compassion and self-confidence feel superficial .
Cinderella is a wonderfully realized family feature that retains the strengths of its source material while at the same time updating it for today 's audiences .
The colors - good lord . They 're like nothing you could experience in the real world . Cinderella 's behemoth of a ball gown alone is 50 shades of blue .
Most fairy tales on film contain either enough wit or verve or spectacle to engage an entire audience , but there is nothing here to engage the adult viewer . Nothing .
Production values are outstanding , the actors give very watchable performances , and the glorious royal ball sequence simply takes your breath away .
Filmgoers need another fairy tale flick about as much as they need another Pirates of the Caribbean sequel -LRB- oops , too late -RRB- , yet Cinderella swiftly casts aside all doubts and derision to reveal itself as a particularly enchanting piece of cinema .
... tweaks the more objectionable details of conventional fairy tales while still retaining their traditionalist structure . It 's a nice compromise .
Elegant , enchanting re-imagining of the romantic folk tale for the 21st century ...
I suppose I just was n't wowed by it . Cinderella was exactly what I expected , which means it lived up to my expectations .
A lush , opulent , romantic fantasy that still believes in love at first sight . It 's just that the dress has a lot -- but not everything -- to do with it .
Some of the supporting players , most resplendently Cate Blanchett as the wicked stepmother and Derek Jacobi as the ailing king , are very fine . The film never soars , though .
What it lacks in modern quirkiness compared to `` The Princess Bride , '' `` Cinderella '' makes up for with a timelessness and a sincere embrace of its concept and characters .
Cinderella plays it overly-safe in transitioning from cartoon-to-live-action but is sure to entertain Disney 's go-to juice box crowd .
It 's a expansive , expensive faux-period romance with all of the resources and craftsmanship of the great British costume dramas ... but , you know , for kids .
` Cinderella ' is a gorgeous production that is true to its fairy tale and animated roots , yet adds enough intrigue and situations to charm adults as well as youngsters .
I 'm all for confection , but this movie takes that too far . Cinderella and the prince look like they belong on a wedding cake .
Kenneth Branagh and the filmmakers tried to make the story feel new again , and for the most part they succeeded . But oddly , the movie 's best moments are the ones that did n't change at all .
Possibly the best adaptation of the classical fairy tale yet .
This movie is proof that sometimes the best way to play it is straight .
This `` Cinderella '' wo n't make anyone forget the 1950 classic ... But it works as a frothy , fun retelling , entertaining on its own merits .
If it were n't for the imaginative and eye-catching costumes by three-time Oscar winner Sandy Powell , Cinderella could be mistaken for a typical Disney Channel special .
The story is retrograde malarkey , but Branagh infuses it with majesty and delivers a spectacle with flourish .
It might be easy to deride Disney for once again playing the Cinderella card , especially so soon after the meta-musical Into the Woods . But let 's be thankful the people commissioned to retell the fairy tale did n't treat it as a moldy relic .
The new film ... is nothing if not a tribute to old-fashioned virtues , of care and craft and modesty , of simple stories well told .
Beautifully directed by Kenneth Branagh , every fame sparkles with an opulent vibrancy that perfectly captures the faerie tale element .
It 's almost too easy to make a parody of Cinderella . What 's tough is to do is create a film this earnest and this lovely -- everything from the performances to the set design to the costumes -- that will play to the cynics of 2015 .
Helena Bonham Carter is great dotty fun as Fairy Godmother .
Even with its attractive leads , Lily James and Richard Madden , grand fairy-tale settings and , when it counts , affecting moments , this live-action `` Cinderella '' is only modestly engaging .
A lavish , classy affair ... But while long on beauty , Branagh 's film falls short on whimsy ... -LSB- and -RSB- the film 's most affecting emotional moments ... stand apart from the story 's central conflict .
`` Cinderella '' feels real enough to be sincerely touching at the same time it 's visually inventive enough to be magical . We 've all seen this story , true ; but we have n't seen it told this effectively .
Turn back the clock on filmmaking and get ready to be charmed by `` Cinderella . '' Director Kenneth Branagh has outdone himself with this outstanding live-action version of the 1950 Disney animated classic .
Not just any `` Cinderella '' , but genius visionary Kenneth Branagh 's majestic , gorgeous , sweeping version of this beautiful tale of a kind , courageous girl .
It 's a flawless production , filled with solid acting , fabulous costumes , music that captures the grandeur of the story , and a perfectly matched royal couple .
Every second I was amazed at the beautiful scenery , costume designs and the magic that was captured .
While the heroine 's disinclination to stand up for herself does n't relay the most feminist agenda , the maternal advice she lives by , to ` have courage and be kind , ' is a message no one could fault . Director Kenneth Branagh once again surprises ...
Directed by Kenneth Branagh with a sprinkling of stardust , dashes of good humor , and a respect for the corniest kinds of romance , Cinderella is a winning re-do of Disney 's 1950 animated classic .
The 1950 Disney flick is 74-minutes . This one is 112 . Does it need the extra 38-minutes ? No . But it 's a great story and a beautiful movie so the padding is forgivable .
This Cinderella is n't flashy and does n't forge a new path , but it does have adorable mice to cheer for and a villain to hiss .
For a movie that has no reason to exist beyond maximizing Disney 's back catalogue , Kenneth Branagh 's live action Cinderella is an entirely enjoyable piece of fairy tale theater .
The audience already primed for more `` happily ever after '' will be more than satisfied with the results . Everyone else will wonder what the studio was/is thinking with this strategy .
They did n't turn Cinderella into an action heroine or reboot the story for our cynical age . And thank heavens for that ...
It 's old-fashioned in the right ways , just like Lily James is Cinderella in all of the right ways .
It is really lovely .
In being faithful to the traditional tale interpreted by Disney in their animated 1950 classic , this Cinderella is crisp escapist enjoyment .
For all its gossamer , gauze , filigree and refinement , `` Cinderella '' drags when it should skip as lightly as its title character when she 's late getting home from the ball .
The movie grinds down ... in plot details that fatten the narrative while deflating the spirit .
Disney 's new live-action `` Cinderella '' is not a reboot . It 's a case of sliding a glass slipper on a movie to make sure it 's the classic that studio executives are looking for .
Young children are guaranteed to love this , even though it 's rated PG for no reason -LRB- fine , `` mild thematic elements '' -RRB- .
`` Cinderella '' is so scrubbed of personality , it 's not even worth calling a mess .
Disney 's Cinderella has been magically transformed into as sumptuous a live-action re-imagining of its 1950 animated classic as any princess could dream of .
Mr. Branagh 's ascension into big-budget studio directing largely remains a mystery , and there 's little in `` Cinderella '' beyond its faces and gowns that captures the eye or the imagination .
This `` Cinderella '' is all dressed up with nowhere very interesting to go .
-LSB- Branagh -RSB- manages to de-toxify Disney 's flagship fairy tale without overcorrecting away its prettiness , sincerity , or charm .
They aim for the heart , not the head . Darned if they do n't pull it off .
This fairy tale adaptation is as close as you can get to a dream come true .
As pure of heart as its heroine , `` Cinderella '' floats across the screen like a gossamer confection , full of elegant beauty and quiet grace .
Cinderella does n't tear down and rebuild the classic giving us something fresh , innovative , and unrecognizable . Kenneth Branagh does a tremendous job of adapting a well-trod narrative , however .
Gorgeous , elegant and wondrous , the new live-action Cinderella is a jewel in Disney 's treasure trove .
Disney 's live-action retelling of its cornerstone princess tale is an often sparkling movie that never disrespects the kid audience even as it wins over the parents .
The film feels neither dated nor updated . Rather , it treads , with a light and careful step , the difficult middle path of timelessness .
Director Kenneth Branagh 's lavish and live-action version of Disney 's 1950 animation Cinderella delivers a colourful take that blends old-fashioned Mouse House heart with modern CG magic .
Even with Blanchett playing her , the stepmother remains the same uncomplicated villain she was in the 1950 Disney animated film . This is even more disappointing than the Cinderella character lacking gumption , since she 's always been bland .
Disney 's new live-action version is for the most part beguilingly good , even though it 's no replacement for the studio 's 1950 animated classic .
This is a sweet movie , a happy movie . There 's no other way to put it , really . And if that sounds like it may register too low on the hipster meter to merit your consideration , well , your loss .
It 's pleasing to come away from a movie such as `` Cinderella '' having felt something for , and with , the archetypes on the screen .
`` Cinderella '' has been made with enough skill and sincerity to disarm all but the most jaded viewers . It 's a happy ending for everyone -- Disney 's accountants most of all .
The world did n't need yet another `` Cinderella '' story , but the one we got is one of the best versions ever put on film .
The fizzy cocktail combination of Blanchett 's cartoonish hauteur and Branagh 's visual razzle-dazzle and confectionary sets manages to take a tale as wheezy as Cinderella and make it feel almost magical again .
A visually attractive but curiously flat retelling of the old chestnut .
True to the spirit of the classic story but fresh and filled with heart and magic .
Its goal is simply to tell this story without much embellishment or distraction but , more importantly , to tell it with plenty of care and admiration .
... there is no harm in getting yourself momentarily overjoyed and swept away by all the magic .
If you 're looking for a tried-and-true telling filled with elaborate settings and beautiful ball gowns , this glass slipper is the right fit . However , if you 're looking for a fresh , modern take on your average fairy tale , do n't bother trying on this one .
All concerned here really believed in this project and put a lot of love in it . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Tackling the fairytale in such a direct manner could have been Branagh 's undoing . Instead , he presents the tale with such joy and passion that it becomes a nostalgic journey to a time of childhood dreams .
There 's precious little to carp about in the new release , unless you choose to take exception to the fact that there 's precious little to carp about .
If you can get past the giant pumpkin in the ballroom - really , why bother to remake Cinderella in 2015 if you have no new spin on the material ? - there 's a lot to like about director Kenneth Branagh 's gorgeously fanciful tale .
The visual design is exquisite , coming remarkably close to replicating the original movie 's Technicolor splendor .
Why does Cinderella seem extra-ordinary instead of extraordinary ? Perhaps it 's because we 're so familiar with the story that this by-the-book , new version comes off as solid but not spectacular .
A magical , emotionally affecting screen version of this classic fairy tale .
The film dares you not to like it with its sumptuous craftsmanship , fine actors and heart-felt sentiments .
It 's all so very enchanting , just as a fairy tale should be .
While the music of the animated original is missed , almost everything about Cinderella is well done .
It sticks to the tried-and-true -- so much so that surprises are few -- but under the watchful eye of the quality team assembled , this `` Cinderella '' does the story justice .
Cinderella and her Prince get a bit lost in all the flounces and flouncing , but they do n't seem to mind -- you , and legions of tiara-clad little girls , quite possibly wo n't either .
Little girls-of all ages-will have a great time ...
The story of the abused but honest poor girl who wins the heart of a prince could n't have landed in better hands .
Cinderella practices what it preaches by having courage , being kind , and exceeding all expectations .
Disney 's live-action version of the familiar fairytale boasts a glittery cast , but the overwhelming production design eats its own scenery .
Branagh and company are probably making this version not just for us jaded adults but for a generation of children who perhaps never had a chance to see `` Cinderella '' on a big screen . For them , it will be a brand new adventure .
Cate Blanchett is perfectly marvelous . Nothing steals a scene from her , except Sandy Powell 's costumes and Dante Ferretti 's production design , which are all kinds of wonderful .
A charming and wonderfully-enchanting film . Director Kenneth Branagh proves that he 's more than up to the task of bringing this delightful story to the big screen in a new and unique way .
Branagh has cracked the Disney do-over code with `` Cinderella , '' hopefully gluing the creative dials in place for all future productions .
Gone are the active , spunky heroines of recent Disney efforts , and in their place is a bland , pre-modern one .
Really , really made me mad . Like , seething . Like , I want this entire review to be : WHAT IS THE POINT WHAT IS THE POINT WHAT IS THE POINT WHAT IS THE POINT WHAT IS THE POINT ?!
It 's easy to get swept up in the prettiness of it all , and hard to give a damn whether it might end one minute or the next .
It 's a lavish , handsomely staged production , but it 's also dramatically inert , a pretty diorama led by a pair of good-looking but forgettable TV actors .
Sweeping , intimate and whimsical , `` Cinderella '' does the Disney brand proud with a faithful yet expansive retelling that never misplaces its heart in exchange for shallow extravagance . This is one happily ever after worth believing .
Steeped in a dazzling array of confectionary colors and sparkling magical whimsy that compares beautifully to the 1950 animated classic , Cinderella makes a strong case to be first in our thoughts .
Kenneth Branagh 's `` Cinderella '' does something extraordinarily rare among fairy-tale adaptations : It leaves out nothing we want and adds nothing we do n't .
A gorgeous re-imagining , bringing to life the specific beauty and charm of the fairy tale . But it 's also rather hollow , doing little to add its own spin .
`` Cinderella '' is n't just a re-enactment of the original film but an enrichment . For Disney fans , it could be another treasure worth cherishing .
Without resorting to post-Wicked good-girl/bad-girl reversals in the manner of Maleficent and -LRB- dare I say it ? -RRB- Frozen , Branagh and Weitz see the fairy tale afresh .
Such a gallant anachronism ... that it offers , without ever raising its voice , a ringing cross-examination of our whole era of dark , gritty fairy-tale revisionism .
Cinderella is a balmy but beautiful take on both the 1950 cartoon and the original Charles Perrault fairy tale .
Branagh has modernized the spirit of Cinderella , while staying true to its roots with a lovely French countryside meets mini-Versailles setting , lush romantic lighting and costumes , and most important , a goodhearted core .
There are handsome palaces and forests and computer animated renderings of squeaking mice and geese turning into Cinderella 's party entourage . But the real reason to see it is the humans .
Such a beautiful film , Walt Disney himself would be proud of his namesake company for making it .
This new Cinderella tells more or less the same tale with little variation in terms of story -LRB- fair enough -RRB- , tone -LRB- problematic -RRB- , or characterization -LRB- very problematic -RRB- .
I could choke on it all , like a 24-hour binge of buttercream cake frosting . But let 's be honest . There is no denying the fact that this is the best Cinderella of them all .
After all the other films that seem to be aimed at them and really are n't , little children and the people who love them could really use a slice of simply delicious cake like this .
Yes , it 's enchanting , but this beautiful version is also something very much more .
With beautiful visuals and a sense of fun , director Kenneth Branagh has crafted a fetching , playful delight .
The filmmakers cut the film to emphasize the story 's familiar plot points , rather than highlight any instances of personal visual artistry .
Young girls and adult Disney fans should really enjoy Cinderella , but if simply watching the original cartoon does n't sound appealing to you , then this live-action version wo n't be of interest to you either .
This telling of Cinderella adheres strictly to that book . And yet it 's a lavish delight sure to enchant audiences of all ages well past midnight .
Here 's how magic happens : you take the familiar and transform it into something extraordinary .
By believing in the story 's timeless beauty , and infusing it with enough visual splendor and empowering ideology to delight modern audiences , Kenneth Branagh has made a Cinderella so unexpectedly magical as to rival Disney 's original .
This is a straight , no-chaser fairy story , a picture to be downed with pleasure . It worries little about sending the wrong message and instead trusts us to decode its politics , sexual and otherwise , on our own .
Enchanting and beautifully filmed . Disney 's live action translation of their 1950 animated classic is the perfect family movie . A great cast includes the stunning Lily James and a complex evil Stepmother from the great Cate Blanchett .
Those without a sweet tooth might be turned off by this saccharine-ish movie , but I was won over , seduced by its warmth and easy good looks , its quaint , modest proportions .
A lovely , lifeless and mirthless corpse
Branagh , working with a high-wattage cast led by the winsome and genuine Lily James , sticks to tried-and-true narrative formula , and infuses it with wit and style . If the glass slipper ai n't broke , he seems to be saying , why fix it ?
What crowns the movie , flourishing the fullness of its purpose , is color .
A product of the Disney princess machine . Its highest ambition is to move a new line of toys . Or to evoke despair in the fairy-tale-ization of girls ' lives .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Branagh 's well-steeped history of producing , directing , and acting in film versions of Shakespeare 's plays echoes in the context of a much beloved , -LRB- formerly animated -RRB- children 's classic .
A retrograde fantasy with the depth of a dressing-up box , but it 's spirited , genuinely funny and played to the hilt by an excellent cast .
Sitting in theater its hard not to get swept up in Branagh 's old-fashioned cinematic magic .
Most recent Disney movies look suspiciously at traditional fables and their values . This Cinderella wants viewers to believe in them with every fiber of their being .
Making such a traditional Cinderella film really illustrates what a weak story Cinderella is to begin with .
Faithful to the story and tone of the original , but goosed with just enough character development that it does n't feel socially backward . If anything , it 's really quite magical .
Cinderella enthralls with its ravishing style and timeless message of resilience , decency and kindness triumphing over evil .
Very little is out of place in Branagh 's do-over , but that 's almost a problem : there 's a feeling , throughout , of going perfectly through the motions .
This glass slipper may look a bit cold and univiting because it 's so familiar , but it is also -- as the Fairy Godmother points out -- surprisingly comfortable once you try it .
Uplifting and full of that hard-to-capture sparkling sense of wonder , this is an enthralling addition to the trustworthy Disney brand of memorable , magical fairy tales .
It 's all very sweet and harmless , though you ca n't help wishing that Cinders got her happy ending for more than being kind to her digital mice and weathering a lot of crap with a never-ending smile on her face .
Walt Disney 's Cinderella is the best film yet in their `` turn our animated classics into live-action blockbusters '' sub-genre .
While it might have been nice to see the new-model Cinderella follow Frozen 's progressive , quasi-feminist lead , the film 's naff , preserved-in-amber romanticism is its very charm .
`` Cinderella '' does not try to be transgressive , or even progressive , and unashamedly sells itself as the old-fashioned wish-fulfillment little-girl fantasy that ` Fifty Shades ' tries to whip its way out of .
Such is the affable tone and vivacious , good-natured spirit of this charming piece of cinema , that you are able to look past any flaws , and enjoy this for what it is .
Anyone nostalgic for childhood dreams of transformation will find something to enjoy in an uplifting movie that invests warm sentiment in universal themes of loss and resilience , experience and maturity .
Though this lavish , live-action ` Cinderella ' could never replace Disney 's animated classic , it 's no ugly stepsister , either .
Provides a little geopolitical context for the story 's fantasy kingdom , without forfeiting the magic - both supernatural and romantic - that has made Cinderella such an enduringly necessary tale for generation after generation .

@highlight

Refreshingly traditional in a revisionist era , Kenneth Branagh 's Cinderella proves Disney has n't lost any of its old-fashioned magic .