At its best , The Lady in the Van exposes the hypocritical , torn feelings many of us experience around the homeless , old age , and how women are ` supposed ' to be .
The similar lightning-in-a-bottle formula to Philomena does n't quite pan out here - feeling nagging and bothersome instead .
This real cinematic pleasure is one of the best British films of the year .
it 's Dame Maggie 's show all the way , and she throws herself into it with the kind of gusto the British use to freshen up a character you 've seen them do before .
Maggie Smith as Miss Shepherd is plenty on her own .
The Lady in the Van is quite enjoyable , but has a significant flaw .
The Lady in the Van is a delicate little piece , one that could so easily be overdone . Thankfully , Bennett , Hytner and , of course , the incomparable Dame Maggie refuse to turn the film into the expected Best Marigold Hotel mush .
The Lady in the Van might be preaching , one guesses , about behaving kindly and without judgment toward strangers . The highs and lows that shape it , however , feel unearned .
The film is funny in a light , wispy sort of way that never cuts as deep as it should .
It may be more anecdotal than epic , but Lady in the Van should be welcomed for giving Smith an opportunity to add another memorable character to an already substantial portfolio .
Smith is splendid here -- her whole demeanor is testament to the resilience and toughness of a woman determined to survive , be it through old age or nuclear disaster .
It 's guided by a masterful performer with the unwavering support of a spot-on cast that , like those in the best of Bennett 's plays , are all on the same page .
Smith is wonderful here ... -LSB- her -RSB- sense of playacting is how this film worms past our expectations and defenses .
Miss Shepherd may have almost nothing to her name , but Smith plays her as imperiously as she does the Dowager Countess of Grantham on Downton Abbey .
The Lady in the Van follows a fairly typical old-people-are-more-than-they-seem storyline ... The bizarreness of this true story is underplayed .
Director Nicholas Hytner is not known for his narrative skills or subtelty and it shows , redundant dialogue , boring cinematography , and not much that stands out . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's hard to imagine anyone not being taken in by this 80 year old actress ' immense talent and her incredible ability of commanding the screen .
Well , she 's Maggie , is n't she ? Magnificent to behold , terrifying , pathetic and irreproachable . There ai n't nothing like that dame .
A touching tale of empathy blessed by a couple of equally-endearing performances that are nothing short of inspired .
A light film that flutters empathy as proud flag . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's fun watching the great Maggie Smith take on this eccentric role .
As quirky as its characters , with an off-center sense of humor and a refusal to take itself too seriously , The Lady in the Van is a showcase for some of Britain 's finest screen actors .
A witty , pleasant film that meanders aimlessly once its premise has been established .
A charming , touching , absolutely delightful comedy-drama with a terrific Maggie Smith performance -- and an equally fine turn from Alex Jennings .
It 's one of -LSB- Smith 's -RSB- most daring performances -- and certainly her grubbiest .
The movie has a sweet message about how we should treat poor and elderly people , but that lesson comes with a predictable , cloying and self-congratulatory delivery I am unable to forgive .
Delivers everything a Maggie Smith-loving Anglophile could possibly desire , including dry wit , acerbic wit , spiky wit and melancholic wit .
She 's not easy to love and the film is slow-going and a little laboured in its attempts to shape her idiosyncrasies into a plot , but the gradual revelation of the reasons for her decline give Smith plenty of opportunities to soften her grouchiness .
Bennett offers Maggie Smith a chance to renovate her own recent persona with a woman who 's heroically alive . Smith takes it with both hands , giving us more of the loneliness and despair of old age than the glib comedy .
Its droll sense of sentiment makes up significantly for its so-slight smugness . A minor gem .
-LSB- A -RSB- delightful and engrossing comedy-drama .
The film is a sharp observation on the intricacies that make up human relationships , showing us that no two are alike and that every person has worth , whether they see it about themselves or not .
What essentially fuels this film is an intelligent script , one that reminds us of the depressing inevitability of old age while still bolstering a genuinely comedic tone throughout its run-time .
It 's as charming and enjoyable as it is decidedly lightweight .
Maggie Smith should be her own U.N. World Heritage site .
A vibrant dramedy about the idiosyncratic relationship between a homeless elderly woman and a lonely playwright .
Without slipping into mushy sentimental overtures , the movie has something real and immediate to say about the power of compassion .
Beyond a portrait of a reluctant friendship , Lady in the Van is also a kind statement on the power of patient charity and the challenge of forgiveness , especially when you are called to forgive yourself .
Turning that life into a brisk comedy -- in which matters like how a homeless person deals with bodily functions are among the punch lines -- feels rather hard to justify .
Maggie Smith gives a performance so vibrant , so sharply funny and at the same time so painfully honest , she single-handedly rescues the movie from the lesser angels of its nature .
` The Lady in the Van ' is a showcase for -LRB- Maggie -RRB- Smith , who provides another amazing performance in her long and storied career .
Smith is the entire reason to see this funny little movie about a funny little lady who encounters a funny little man -- and by funny , I mean a little funny-strange and funny-haha .
The movie has its moments of great whimsy , but also heartfelt , moving sequences wherein the two unlikely principals try to connect with one another .
I ca n't imagine whom this lightweight curio is intended to appeal to , honestly . With its combination of third-rate Charlie Kaufmanisms , clumsy meta touches and ho-hum narrative , it certainly did n't appeal to me .
It 's a charming little movie about how , almost against their will , people can become better human beings to each other . It 's easier that way .
There 's not much narrative oomph . Director Nicholas Hytner and scripter Bennett compensate with lovely anecdotal bits and wonderful dialogue . They are aided , incomparably , by the 81-year-old Smith .
Despite this kid-friendly , Disney-style version of homelessness , Smith gives a genuine performance as a misunderstood woman suffering from PTSD , proudly grasping her grimy layers of clothing , and her opinions , with blunt conviction .
More than anything , it 's another great role for the Duchess , and a fascinating study of how we make lemonade with the sour fruit life leaves in our yards .
If the Victorian lace is gone , the lacerating wit and intimidating demeanor that are Smith signatures remain .
Jennings ' portrayal is n't as flashy as Smith 's - the things she can do with just a glance - but the balance they achieve is absolutely glorious .
Of course , the film 's showpiece is another incomparable lady , the always amazing Maggie Smith .
The film has its witty moments , although it seems too smoothly rounded-off to be really memorable .
While I 'm a great admirer of Dame Maggie ... the central story of the film is that of her reluctant host , Alan Bennett .
... we are essentially watching Alan Bennett 's own metamorphosis from book-bound dramatist to soulful playwright ... From a place of fear and an obsession with appearances , we watch him find a whole new view of the world through her broken windows .
Another clever construct by Alan Bennett , which gives Maggie Smith a grand opportunity to shine .
There 's an elegiac , sentimental quality to this film adaptation , from the manipulative meet-cute of Alan and Miss Shepherd through their disputations .
You leave `` Lady in the Van '' entertained but troubled ; it 's an agreeably but oddly off-balance film , juggling and nearly dropping the star turn at its center .
This narrative indifference creates a certain laziness , but more pleasant - think of a lazy river - than annoying , like a lazy writer .
The joy of the film comes in watching Smith work her magic .
Smith 's performance as the bizarre old lady , who manages to get help by rejecting it , is the reason to watch this film .
`` The Lady in the Van '' does n't pretend to be anything more than a pleasant diversion . And on that level , it succeeds .
While admirable and amiable , is their least . The actors power through , but the ungodly dwelling in matters of feces and an over-the-top use of FX at the end is far short of divine .
It 's exhausting just to list the accolades that Dame Maggie Smith has accumulated over her decades on screen and stage : Imagine how tiring it must have been to earn them all .
The Lady in the Van seems like it could be one of those Christmas movies that is not really a `` Christmas movie '' but works with the season , because it is about all the right things .
Her Mary is disagreeable and a slave to dementia , but behind the cantankerousness Smith seldom fails to find a way to let you see inside a woman beset by tragedy and neglect .
A charming memoir of a smelly , prickly old lady .
The film is based on actual events in the life of British writer-personality Alan Bennett that he turned into a book in 1989 , a play in 1999 , and now a film directed by Nicholas Hytner . You might call this beating a dead horse . The English call it thrift .
Hits the expected quaint English dramedy marks , but it does it with huge caveats and great pissiness
As with the lady 's neighbors , this movie does n't know what to do with her .
Try not to let the film 's overbearingly jaunty score get in the way . The Lady in the Van is quite a feat .
Though at times precious , Bennett 's sly script masks that deeply sentimental core with comic edge and a writer 's willful , mercenary remove .
The pleasure in watching -LSB- Smith -RSB- blithely dominate the screen is the pleasure of watching a master at work
Movie fans who enjoy the conjoined British arts of character acting and eccentricity are in for a treat .
In the end , the mystery does n't matter except insofar as it reveals the person at its heart , and it is Alan 's experience of that person that makes his account significant .
Probably worked much better on a stage than it does in the more literal medium of movies .
If , as Arthur Miller wrote , attention must be paid to people we would prefer to overlook , Bennett has done that for Miss Shepherd , with grace and humanity .
I was truly shocked and very disappointed when the Oscar nominations were recently announced and Ms. Smith 's name was not among the nominees for Best Actress .
`` The Lady in the Van '' is smart , often funny , and above all tragic , as befits any movie about a homeless person living in a van for 15 years .
It 's about the boundless talents of Maggie Smith , sometimes chewing up the screen , sometimes saying volumes simply by sitting very , very still , with a perfectly perfect expression on her face .
Bennett livens up a narrative that trades heavily in reminiscence by splitting the character based on himself into two people and this proves to be a rich vein for Bennett 's comic musing .
Both a charming British comedy and a remarkably insightful examination of what it means to be a nonfiction writer .
Smith 's performance is not only virtuosic but indispensable in grounding the various loose threads of the story .
There 's no use fending off the force of nature that is Smith . Sensitive and formidable , self-deprecating and brave , she elevates every role she 's in , as we know by now .
In Bennett 's shrugs of humane generosity , Jennings develops a characterization of sweetness and sadness in well-judged proportions .
As an elevated microcosmic portrait of the classic English eccentric , tended to by a less eccentric observer , The Lady in the Van is particular and ultimately piquant .
The performances and thematic elements are more than sufficient to make The Lady in the Van a treat .
The film is at its best when showcasing Maggie Smith , keeping her Downton dowager 's sharp tongue within a character at the opposite end of the social spectrum .
Maggie Smith shines in the title role of this otherwise modest British comedy .
A gentle , charming film about an eccentric , ornery - yet not too scary - woman and a man who demonstrates that it does n't have to be dramatic to extend a small kindness .
`` The Lady in the Van '' begins with a literal bang - it 's a shock for those led by marketing materials to believe they were simply in for a quiet British charmer .
There are few false notes in the sturdy , pleasantly entertaining The Lady in the Van .
Maggie Smith can do anything - even save this rickety vehicle from a case of the terminal cutes . Almost
It 's a simple yet very well done piece of cinema that sees some of Dame Maggie Smith 's best work in years -LRB- and that includes Downton Abbey -RRB- .
The lady in the van grows on you , like a vine .
For anyone who adores Smith-which is pretty much everyone these days-they will have quite a satisfying ride with this crusty grand dame behind the wheel .
The mystery is gone and so , frankly , is the thrill . But Maggie Smith does her best to give the role some edge .
England 's long tradition of eccentrics and tolerance of their idiosyncrasies ... is embodied by indomitable Dame Maggie ... When she 's not on screen the film becomes thin .
Writer and national treasure Alan Bennett adapts his own hit play to deliver one of the best British films of the year that will - for want of a better cliché - make you laugh and cry in equal measure .
If Bennett were nonstop nice he 'd be unbelievable and the story would dissolve into sentimental goo . Fortunately , with Smith around , that would not have happened anyway .
Maggie Smith is unforgettable in -LRB- mostly -RRB- true dramedy .
-LSB- Smith -RSB- is a treasure here , not only carrying the film but making superfluous any questions you might have as to its plausibility .
In Ms. Smith 's tough , levelheaded performance , Mary is an irascible termagant full of batty notions clutching on to life as best she can . She is hard to like , and that 's good .
Might more appropriately have been called `` Playwright Alan Bennett and the Living , Breathing Human Being He Has Reduced to a Metaphor . ''
A delicately written , boisterously performed movie about the difficult people who dare us to care about them .
If the real Miss Shepherd were any bit as fascinating as Smith 's portrayal , it 's easy to see why Bennett gave in and let her stay .
Wonderfully funny , terribly touching and a vehicle-with comically dilapidated vehicles-for the boundless gifts of Maggie Smith .
Charming , if slightly over-sugared ...
The movie 's mix of passivity and grit , of hostility and politeness , of eccentricity and rule-following , adds up to something : a meditation on that peculiar state of existence called Englishness .
Though director Nicholas Hytner does his best to enliven the material , Bennett very much comes across as a dull man 's Charlie Kaufman , even more so when the movie ends with flat , unearned whimsicality .
Smith , who has played Miss Shepherd onstage , is mighty and raging , stubborn and frail , always true to the woman herself rather than our idea of what Smith should be on screen .
The film 's annoying glibness is neatly summarized by the line : `` In life , going downhill is an uphill job . ''
Maggie Smith could n't be more perfect for the title role in this film if it were written for her . But the most astounding thing about this story is that it 's true , an event from playwright-screenwriter Alan Bennett 's own life .
Whimsical and poignant , serving as a showcase for Maggie Smith as the filthy , self-centered vagrant to whom `` feelings of gratitude , humility and forgiveness were either foreign to her nature or had become so over the years . ''
-LSB- A -RSB- lovely little film .
The glory of the film remains : Maggie Smith , the best thing ever to come out of Romford , possibly . She 's hilarious . There 's nobody like her : so wonderfully grande dame in any degree of squalor .
As satisfying as a strong cup of tea , with one custard cream .
Works best as a character study , observational comedy -LRB- there are good jokes at the expense of liberal guilt and property obsession -RRB- and , best of all , as a glorious celebration of one of our finest actresses .
Bravo !
As imperiously rude as the Dowager Countess of Grantham but considerably less fragrant , Maggie Smith 's Miss Shepherd is a glorious comic creation , a pungent mix of dottiness and iron will .
One very real benefit in the film is the communal humour that comes from the other street-dwellers of a pocket of London whose ostensible liberalism is tested by having this smelly old termagant in their midst .
Thanks to the richness of Maggie Smith 's performance , a cantankerous bigot who leaves shit and chaos in her wake ends up seeming a tragic heroine , far more sinned against than sinning .
Though impeccably acted and bubbling with good jokes , the film version of The Lady in the Van comes close to Bennettian super-saturation .
Director Hytner maintains the homely feel with plenty of beige hues and a cast stacked with British talent .
This is clearly Smith 's show . She is funny without tipping into caricature , yet openly vulnerable ...
Smith 's performance , honed from the previous stage and radio versions , is terrifically good .
On the surface , The Lady in the Van is mild to a fault but - like its author - it is powered by sharp observations about life and people .
The movie equivalent of cosying up with a warm buttery crumpet in front of the fire on a winter 's day .
Unshowy to a fault , Hytner delivers a fine , moving comedy of English manners between a writer and his eccentric tenant , which slowly deepens into an exploration of human bonds .
By his own admission , Hytner is not a film stylist who can `` think with a camera , '' but he handles Bennett 's tales with crisp economy .
So meta it hurts .
Both intimate in its core relationship and formal in its social commentary arising from the situation - highly apt in today 's austerity climate but executed in a pleasingly comical light .
Bennett 's screenplay is a delight , routinely enriched by his masterful and richly comical turn of phrase .
It 's all good fun , it 's just a shame about the attempts to impose drama on what is essentially a comic character study .
Ornery and odiferous , Maggie Smith delivers a compelling performance in The Lady in the Van .
Smith brilliantly re-creates her stage role in Alan Bennett 's autobiographical play about Miss Shepherd , a dotty and stubborn former nun who says the Virgin Mary advised her to park her overstuffed van in the playwright 's unused driveway in 1974 .
How many elderly women can Maggie Smith play without repeating herself ? A lot , obviously . Her characterization of the homeless Mary in Nicholas Hytner 's adaptation of Alan Bennett 's play is fresh and always moving .
It 's Smith 's eccentric oldster who is the film 's driving force , and the 80-year-old actress does n't disappoint . Not surprisingly , she fully exploits the humor in her character 's bizarreness .
This is a lavish gift of a role for Smith , a layered gateau handed to her on a plate . She makes this hardy troglodyte a tottering , staggering force of nature , determined to owe nothing to anybody .
A guaranteed middlebrow crowd-pleaser offering a plaintive ode to friendship , community , British reserve and the kindness of strangers .
A grandly ornery Maggie Smith is the chief draw in this slight , innocuously enjoyable adaptation of Alan Bennett 's memoir .
No better , no worse - the synopsis serves . If you like the sound of it , you will likely like the film . And , for what it 's worth , I did .

@highlight

Led by a marvelous performance from Maggie Smith , Lady in the Van wrings poignant , often hilarious insight from its fact-based source material .