Fetid , scuzzy , revolting , funny , erotic , perplexing and provocative , it 's like the bastard child of Cape Fear , Written On The Wind and Killer Joe .
If you like that freaky , perverted feeling of spying on an even bigger freak show , you will find this film both fascinating and horrible to watch .
Daniels turns out to be the ideal director for a film about the tendency of desire to turn sane minds to guacamole .
-LSB- Daniels -RSB- ca n't find his directorial bearings .
The Paperboy does n't deliver .
The Paperboy is not all bad , but it is n't all good either . I 'm not quite sure what Daniels wanted his audience to walk away with .
There 's something undeniably compelling about the cast 's daringly go-for-broke performances ... but Daniels fragments the narrative and throws in so many tricksy directorial touches that the whole thing becomes an annoyingly indulgent mess .
The sweaty , lurid , self-serious nonsense is hard to take seriously , but I 'll say this much for the film : it ai n't boring .
I 'll just get it out of the way now : The Paperboy is unbelievably awful .
If you 're bothered by frequent utterances of the `` N-word '' and the sight of Kidman spreading her talent - and her gams - wider than Sharon Stone in ` Basic Instinct , ' you 're gon na wan na look away from this sick , sizzling display .
While there 's much here about family loyalty and a ` do n't mess with the swamp ' aspect , Daniels ' film has nevertheless been most discussed for its sex stuff , with every character having some sleazy secret or a scene devoted to their raunchy pleasure .
A seething , swampy murder investigation infused with the sweaty smell of bodies and driven by a casual force that is seductively unstable , darkly funny and strangely exhilarating . Daniels is a visionary .
The Paperboy is flawed , more deserving of a rubbernecking than a viewing . But it 's hard to tear your eyes away .
You certainly could n't accuse anyone involved in The Paperboy of playing it safe , and for this reason , Lee Daniels ' film is one to file under misjudged must-sees .
-LRB- ... -RRB- a film that captivates , puzzles and loses its own sense of direction in equal measure
Judging by her edgier scenes -LSB- Nicole -RSB- Kidman is clearly uninterested in currying any favour at the multiplex . And all credit to her .
Wastes an exceptional cast on an incoherent tale ...
There is a certain trashy appeal , but in the end it 's all too random to really mean anything . Apart from the cast , The Paperboy just does n't deliver .
What a cast . What a disappointment .
Filmmaker Daniels follows up his acclaimed hit Precious with what might be the trashiest movie in recent memory : a swampy thriller packed with desperate characters hiding grisly secrets .
It may yet become a camp classic , if no other kind .
The plotting is disjointed , the execution feels incoherent and none of it makes a great deal of sense .
With Precious and The Paperboy , Daniels has confirmed his status as the most emotionally incontinent director of his generation .
It 's difficult to know what 's going on , and even harder to care .
At least The Paperboy delivers plenty of memorable moments - even if you may wish you had n't seen many of them .
So bad it is n't even good-bad .
A sleazy , overstuffed and terribly directed mess . But never boring and occasionally jaw-dropping .
Hot stuff .
Sweaty , sleazy and gloriously trashy , this is a thoroughly enjoyable slice of Southern-fried neo-noir with stylish direction , a delightfully twisted script and a trio of terrific performances from Nicole Kidman , Matthew McConaughey and Zac Efron .
Daniels probably makes the mistake of putting character and atmosphere ahead of plot . But with a cast like this you can hardly blame him .
Missing is any sense of urgency about the murder case it is supposed to be investigating . Also missing is coherence , and any sense that this profane potboiler deserves much more than some disbelieving snorts ...
Watch it with Killer Joe for the ultimate sweaty , twisted double-bill .
Everything about The Paperboy seems designed to undermine expectations and the result is an exhilaratingly unpredictable film .
On their first meeting in prison , -LSB- Hillary -RSB- demands -LSB- Charlotte -RSB- put on a sex show of sorts in front of everyone . She obliges . Look , dating is tough .
But what does it have going for it ? It has an undeniable pulse .
Nicole Kidman is enthralling in this swampy , deranged neo-noir set in the American south .
A more catchy and meaningful title for The Paperboy might have been Swamp Fiction , a near-noir drama set in Lately and the nearby Florida swamps
Constantly edgy and fascinating to watch , The Paperboy is stronger in its parts than as a whole , mostly due to the script that never fully satisfies , relying on the shock value of the elements . Muddy dialogue also detracts
The Paperboy hints at something great , but squint past the trickles of perspiration and you 're left wanting .
The Paperboy is a throwback to the exploitation cinema of its period . As such , it 's grungy , tasteless and hard to take your eyes off .
Lee Daniels ' The Paperboy is a steamy , sweaty and trashy piece of cinema that rarely gets by on its filthy and wild performances .
An absolute trainwreck of a movie ...
` The Paperboy ' is a film that will get the respect it deserves years later . One day , film schools will dissect the movie and marvel at the flick 's wondrous deconstruction of race , gender and class .
With its superior cast all delivering like their lives depend on it , Daniels ' camp , trashy tragicomedy seems destined for cult status . Kidman , especially , is a revelation .
Kidman 's willingness to plumb the depths for her director elevates The Paperboy into something much more thrilling than the torrid settings from which it springs .
An almost hallucinatory assault on anything that could remotely be called ` good taste . ' You are both warned and encouraged to see what Lee Daniels and his fearless cast have wrought .
An ugly , disjointed smear of over-the-top melodrama .
An insane Southern potboiler with the lid off and good sense thrown out the window .
Despite all its garish accoutrements and salacious underpinnings , The Paperboy can be a hoot to watch .
`` The Paperboy '' is one of those rare examples where you might wish the movie was less faithful to the book .
Overwrought Paperboy goes way south
Yes , it 's a dizzying stew set to boil .
The Paperboy is southern Gothic wallowing in the swamp of low camp . And if the wallowing were deliberate , this might have been hugely funny .
The Paperboy bears some promise as a good-bad movie , but it unfolds as a bad-bad one .
Tacky and tawdry , it 's scummy , sexploitation sleaze .
The quirky characters could have worked and might have if the story had held one course and not many .
The Paperboy is constantly playing chicken with the line that divides a good movie from a bad one . Just when you 've written it off , it reels you back in .
... a trashy movie about trashy people that disdains its plot in order to concentrate on unsympathetic characters , lowlighted by a disgusting scene of mutual masturbation .
... a calamity .
Like Anatomy of a Murder , The Graduate , and Daniels ' own Precious rolled into one wacked-out bloody Southern Gothic that 's considerably less than the sum of those parts ...
Daniels once again mistakes permissiveness for artistry , creating a picture that looks like it was shot on a reel of dirty underwear , developed in a mixture of spit , semen , and alcohol .
Tennessee Williams on crack
The one thread that does run through Daniels ' wildly fluctuating , self-indulgent film is a preoccupation with pointless perversity .
A garish , overwrought , sweaty , muddled mess . But at least it 's not boring .
While Daniels ' work disappoints , his film is saved from disaster by uniformly terrific performances .
It 's a movie that seems to have a mild form of heatstroke : it 's blurry , as if filmed long ago , and feverish , and the story wanders all over the place as if lost in a bayou . When it 's over , you want to wipe your brow .
Lee Daniels proves that `` Precious '' was a fluke .
The Paperboy is over-the-top every which way you look .
This one has it all : sex , violence , torture , incest , jellyfish attacks , telekinetic masturbation , Nicole Kidman peeing on Zac Efron and a gator gutted in revolting close-up .
This is just the sort of movie certain people are hoping to see when they go to the movies but would never say they go to the movies for .
`` The Paperboy '' suggests something Tennessee Williams might have come up with , if he did n't know how to string together a plot .
Gives you an idea what `` The Help '' might have been like had Lee Daniels directed it .
Daniels has finally found a movie suited to his particular brand of gleeful tastelessness .
Too loony for words , and too magnetic to pass by .
Lewd , ludicrous and utterly convinced of its own gritty artistic merit , The Paperboy 's closest cinematic cousin may very well be Paul Verhoeven 's Showgirls .
It 's a good story about people who are not what they seem , about identity wavering in the heat-a true swamp tale-but the movie is messily ineffective .
An outrageous screenplay , disciplined direction and dedicated acting make this film a disturbing success .
Secrets come out , characters reveal who and what they are . But they are caricatures , too one-sided to be surprising , and too obvious to be interesting .
... from the depths of this murky swamp comes yet another truly inspired performance from singer Macy Gray
Openly anti-Semitic , homophobic , misogynist , and racist , there 's something to offend nearly everyone in this wrongheaded '60s era sexploitation misadventure .
The Paperboy ends up fixating on the most lurid elements of Pete Dexter 's novel and ignoring the humanity at the heart of the story .
Pick a subplot , any subplot -- at various times , they 're all given equal weight , and the result is a meandering , dull disaster instead of anything resembling a narrative .
It 's not coincidental that the climactic portion of this film takes place in a swamp . That also seems to be where the meandering screenplay was fashioned .
The filmmaker alludes to racial tensions , alcoholism and other hot-button period taboos , but they jumble together in a soup of sweaty nonsense .
Daniels ' uneven , lopsided narrative goes too far in spots and not nearly far enough in others .
You know when a get a burrito at Qdoba or Chiptole and they put too much deliciousness in there and you try to eat it and it just falls into a mess ? Kinda like this movie . It 's a burrito that should 've been double wrapped .
Simple ugly trash .
The movie has a vintage B-movie scumminess that sucks you in .
The Paperboy is a triumph for its lead actress and a failure for almost everyone else involved .
The entire cast of `` The Paperboy '' glistens with a golden sheen , as if they 've been sprayed with Pam cooking oil .
` The Paperboy '' ca n't decide whether to be an unfunny sex comedy , a half-hearted detective story or a woeful race drama - so it decides to be all three ...
With the movie 's gaping holes in character arcs and important plot discoveries , it feels as if there is an entire reel missing from The Paperboy .
The outcome is unsatisfying , but it may inspire a fair share of viewers to seek out a shower immediately afterwards .
The movie is definitely a mess .
` The Paperboy ' is one seriously demented film but what glorious melodrama oozes from that dementia !
There is so much grit in Kidman and McConaughey 's performances , it 's a lot for Efron to stand up to , but he does a good job of giving Jack a cocky innocence that is disarming .
Daniels ' deft adaptation of Pete Dexter 's 1996 novel is even more disturbing on screen than on the page . It 's a Southern Gothic noir thriller with a terrific ensemble cast .
Some of The Paperboy 's missteps would be forgivable if Daniels delivered them with any conviction , but he does n't seem capable of it .
A disappointing potboiler from the director of Precious .
Ludicrously obsessed with sex to often laughable extremes , it 's the rare film that can be described as `` horny . ''
This hot mess got booed by the snobs at Cannes , but there 's no denying its profane energy .
Southern pulp trash centered on a miscarriage of justice during the Civil Rights era that 's wildly entertaining due to fearless turns from Nicole Kidman , John Cusack and a half-naked Zac Efron .
There is so much sweaty , gum-smackin ' , Southern-accented * acting * going on , you 'd applaud if you were n't appalled .
It 's both a little too serious and a lot too silly to strike that powerful campy chord .
The Paperboy provides a lurid spectacle , but it 's one that leaves you wanting to scrub yourself clean in the shower afterward .
The movie curls back and forth as sinuously as a snake through the bayou , tracing the fine line between desire and degradation .
Most of the acting in `` The Paperboy '' is actually pretty restrained , which helps you adjust to all the alligator guts , swamp water and naked flesh .
I 'll give this to The Paperboy : It 's never boring .
I admire the film 's terrific acting and ability to draw you into its lurid world , but Daniels is daring to the point of wrong-headedness . This is pulp , which wants to be more .
Mostly boring trash that feels like what John Grisham would write on his laziest , horniest day .
It 's errant camp , which has the effect of undermining our involvement in the mystery .
It is by turns lurid , humid , florid , languid and stupid , but it is pretty much all id all the time .
Why is The Paperboy so bizarrely dull ? It 's as if the filmmakers combined 18 different kinds of scalding-hot peppers , yet inexplicably emerged with oatmeal .
`` The Paperboy '' is great trash , and as Pauline Kael told us , the movies are so seldom great art that if we ca n't appreciate great trash , we might as well not go at all .
The movie as a whole is a rather grim , dismal experience where the elements never quite gel .
Daniels is a nutcase and almost definitely a perv . But he 's gifted at getting actors to drop their guards and commit to nonsense .
The Paperboy does n't hold together as a sensible piece of work . But as an insensible piece of work , it 's pretty jaw-dropping .
You start squirming early and end up feeling you desperately need a bath .
Merely , if spiritedly , profane .
Sometimes hot messiness has its charms .
I 'm all for filmmakers reaching out of their comfort zone , but what 's with this insistent attraction to scummy , sweaty lowlifes ? Does allowing your crotch to be shown in an unflattering position make you A Serious Artist ?
The Paperboy deserves to be seen for its pulpy , well-executed excess , but as a filmmaker , Lee Daniels seems ignorant of how the shocks distract from the story .
It 's as though Daniels looked at all the elements he had and , unable to figure out how to sort them out in a coherent fashion , instead chose to toss them like a salad .
Erotic , moving , twisted , devastating , and disturbing , The Paperboy lays all its cards out onto the table , open for both stern criticism and sanctimonious praise .
Lee Daniels , by way of Tennessee Williams doing The Twist with Russ Meyer , does it up right in this garishly glorious period piece of trailer-trash operatic , Southern gothic noir .
If only Daniels could direct !
This is GREAT trash . A delicious southern-fried , steamy , sordid piece of entertainment .
The movie is a dare to say , ` So , you like serious , edgy films . Can you handle this ? And this ? What about THIS ? ' If you are into that , then you should appreciate all the effort put into shock value .
Nasty Southern Gothic noir is as apt a canvas as any for -LSB- Daniels ' -RSB- specious talents , unleashing his latent high-camp sensibility without disingenuously dignifying it .
Extreme inconsistencies of tone and structure are mercifully offset by its moments of perverse -LRB- and possibly accidental -RRB- genius .
While the plot falls apart by the third act , the characters are so deliciously ripe that this Lee Daniels smarm-fest is akin to a pile-up on the interstate : You know you should n't look , but you ca n't help it .
Lurid , touching , and not quite like anything I 've ever seen .
Despite some fine performances , The Paperboy is a tale of a director getting in the way of fine source material with an artistic agenda that is muddled and inarticulate .
All the actors rise or bend to the challenge , giving juicy performances and seemingly having a fine old time .
The most repugnant and inept movie to be inexplicably treated like high art since ... whaddaya know , since Precious -LRB- Based on the Novel ` Push ' by Sapphire -RRB- , the last film directed by Lee Daniels .
Despite its plot holes The Paperboy is a surprisingly involving film with solid performances from its cast and a remarkable performance from Nicole Kidman that will have you questioning if it is really her under that blonde wig .
` The Paperboy ' just feels inept - with the odd , fun moment of bite-your-tongue high camp emerging from the chaos .
Narratively shapeless , Daniels follow-up to Precious is part murder mystery , part interracial melodrama , part siblings tale , part coming of age , and mostly star vehicle for Zac Efron in white underwear
It 's a film of vivid colours , steamy atmosphere and sexual desire rather than tight plotting , but no less entertaining for that .
Lee Daniels does not so much direct as distract , grabbing hold of Pete Dexter 's splendidly lean and lethal source novel and gorging it on so much junk-food that the plot plays out as a series of cardiac arrests
A lurid , florid , humid , flaccid and insipid waste of time and money for the audience and for everyone who made it .
This is a tale of murder , idealistic journalism , warped sexual desires , a slipshod legal system and inbred backwater types hostile to outsiders .
As a piece of art this is all lust , no caution ; a heady mirage of sex , swamps and soul music that wants nothing more than for you to share in the joke . Thank goodness I finally got it .
This gripping , scary and queasily funny picture nurtures a dark threat which lurks like one of its gators just below the surface .

@highlight

Trashy and melodramatic , The Paperboy is enlivened by a strong cast and a steamy , sordid plot , but it 's uneven and often veers into camp .