The Oscar-winning screenplay by Diablo Cody ricochets with askew dialogue but under the cleverness is a very human story of growing up
A bouncing baby that seems destined to grow into a classic .
Sadly , while Juno may be able to carry a big bun in her oven , this film ca n't quite bear the heavy burden of expectation so well .
Indie film has the same success rate as Hollywood spectacle and for the same reason -- reliance on well worn stereotypes and cliché -- but it 's the good stuff that comes along that makes all the dreck worth sitting through . Juno is the good stuff .
Director Jason Reitman carefully weaves the films eccentricities along with its progressive tone to create an amusing and informative - if not flawed - comedy .
` Juno ' is on some counts unrealistic and does not probe deeply , but it has undeniable charm .
Little Miss Rain Clouds
Ellen Page 's performance is the key to Juno 's journey , and she unerringly nuances her character 's blithe self-assuredness with just the right notes of uncertainty and innocence .
Juno is the best kind of comedy : one that makes you laugh , but not at the expense of your emotions .
Screenwriter Diablo Cody and director Jason Reitman make Juno the marvelously un-still center of a wistfully acerbic comedy that qualifies as a feminized version of Knocked Up .
One of the best films of the year .
Jason Reitman directs Juno with just the light touch it needs , and Page is surrounded by terrific supporting performances all around . This could be the sleeper hit of the year .
Even if you knew nothing of Juno going in , it 's easy to pick up on the fact that the movie 's voice is unlike any you 've heard in a while -- it 's totally fresh , in every sense of the word .
Fierce without being cruel , sweet without becoming saccharine , and never short of hilarious , it 's not only the best comedy of the year , but one of the best films , period .
Right from the beginning when Juno is chugging away on Sunny D , we want to see watch she will say and do next .
The fact that the film deals with teenage pregnancy - and does n't preach at all - is a feat of filmmaking .
Juno is a great little movie , and its quirky , intelligent approach to teenage characters could teach a thing or two to the makers of teen horror flicks .
Being the hipster movie of the year presents a couple of problems . One is that hipsters are kind of annoying .
-LRB- Juno -RRB- is perfectly clever and perfectly paced .
Do n't tell this to Jamie Lynn Spears , but there can be some humor behind a 16-year-old getting pregnant .
Gilmore Girls gone wild ... -LSB- Blu-Ray review -RSB-
Excels in smart , stylishly rude , tangy teen dialogue , courtesy of screenwriter and former stripper and phone sex operator , Diablo Cody , boasting career choices that have assisted her in perfecting talking dirty on screen into a science , I guess .
Sweet , perceptive , sharp and near-perfect , Juno is a memorable film that will still be great viewing decades after its release .
loved every minute of it
... -LRB- the cast -RRB- brings life to Cody 's words and raise what could have been a standard television movie-of-the-week to a much higher plain .
Young Juno is self-possessed and breathlessly selfaware , the sort of person who is comfortable in any situation simply because she is comfortable in her own skin
Seria fantástico se as pessoas conversassem , em seu dia-a-dia , como os personagens de Juno , construindo diálogos que combinam uma estrutura elegante com um conteúdo rico em referências e um humor cortante e preciso .
Yes , I 'll say it : this film is overrated .
Una comedia fresca , inteligente y tierna que aborda temas delicados de manera desdramatizada e irónica . Excelente elenco -LRB- empezando por la increíble Ellen Page -RRB- y banda sonora .
Clever , wise and outrageous , `` Juno '' comes at you with no holds barred .
Heart-warming , thought-provoking and beautifully played , it that tackles a serious subject with sensitivity and grace while providing more than a few laughs along the way .
A sharp-edged , sweet-centred , warm-hearted coming-of-age movie that 's always just that little bit smarter than you think it is .
coming-of-age meets coming-to-term , in a film that is refreshingly frank about sex and love , pokes fun at the clashes between age and class , and , even more subversively ... celebrates the pregnant possibilities of the non-nuclear family .
Reitman has delivered a bundle of joy .
A teenage pregnancy flick that does n't insult its audience 's intelligence . It 's filled with several wonderful performances .
Juno may look like Knocked Up 's kid sister , but it bests it on all fronts from jokes to emotional insight .
The big name cast - Jennifer Garner and Jason Bateman - play second fiddle to Ellen Page and Michael Cera who have a great chemistry and steal the movie . Superb .
`` Well , here 's how you make a comedy about teen pregnancy and abortion ... By never settling on a tone , Juno has its fun with all sides of the equation . ''
Juno , a smart-mouthed , sweet , well-acted comedy directed by Jason Reitman .
Much of the dialogue sparkles with wit and humanity .
The best comedy of the year beams with pregnant pauses
It 's disarmingly fresh , frank and funny , this story about young love , being knocked up , and the unexpected direction the unplanned pregnancy takes
One of the wittiest , smartest , and funniest films to come along this year .
A very cute movie with a great soundtrack . Though , imho , not the award winner for which it 's been receiving so much buzz . Michael Cera -LRB- Bleaker -RRB- nails every scene he 's in .
-LSB- Page -RSB- plays each moment without ego and with total candor , and that 's ultimately the secret to Juno 's success .
That Juno has been heralded for its realistic portrayal of a teen girl 's point of view demonstrates how poorly the demographic has been represented on screen .
The filmmaking team of Jason Reitman and screenwriter Diablo Cody have taken the premise of a teen comedy and injected it with an anti-cliché serum .
It 's smart , funny , and charming .
Skin-deep treatment of teen pregnancy , but keep your eyes on Ellen Page ; she 's worth the price of admission .
The most overrated film of the year is n't bad , it 's just trying too hard .
Much of `` Juno '' crackles with great lines that nobody would ever actually say , but everyone wishes they would think of .
one of the strongest characters in cinema this year . Look for a bunch of Academy Award nominations
If Juno were cheese and macaroni , it would be among the most satisfying mac-and-cheese dishes ever conceived .
Juno is a snarky afterschool special for the Pinkberry crowd .
... a smart and snappy antidote to the cretinous teensex movies that have become a staple of American cinema .
Cody 's writing is entrancing . Characters speak in a stylized , heightened reality reminiscent of Kevin Smith 's mid-1990s stunners Clerks , Mallrats and Chasing Amy .
... definitely one of the better films this year thanks to Page and Reitman , and it 'll be hard to wait and see what this actress and this director pull out of their hats next .
Bright , brazen and often very funny
After three viewings , I kind of feel like I have a crush on ` Juno ' the movie and Juno the character . I 'm poised halfway on the emotional scale between the bemused affection of Juno 's tolerant father and the wide-eyed wonder of Juno 's pale boyfriend .
... filled with laugh-out-loud gags , witty dialogue and geniune emotion .
When I first saw Jason Reitman 's Juno , I liked it a lot -- maybe four-stars worth of a lot . When I watched it a second time , I loved it -- five-stars worth .
Coupled with the witty script , Page 's terrific performance , and a quirkily fun soundtrack , Reitman would really have to try hard to mess things up . Thankfully he does n't , and the result is an enjoyable , highly entertaining , and even occasionally touching
Cody 's writing recalls early Quentin Tarantino - dripping with pop-culture references , from Beverly Hills 90210 to Thundercats - but with a welcome sentimental streak .
Juno is a real treat and maybe the most unexpected great movie in years .
When Juno dispenses with gimmickry and really trusts its voice , it 's fresh and sharp and funny .
Together , Cody and Page have crafted a highly memorable character .
The film is a portrait of family as a messy group hug and a dysfunctional miracle . And , considering that it is a comedy about teenage pregnancy , it preserves the dignity of its theme by revealing the humanity of the people involved .
Juno comes on all wisecracking and are n't - we-clever , but do n't be surprised if you find yourself getting choked up -- with happy tears -- by the end .
Juno is the best movie of the year . It 's the best screenplay of the year , and it features the best actress of the year working with the best acting ensemble of the year .
Too much of it is like a subpar episode of Freaks and Geeks , padded out to 92 minutes with pseudo-witty dialogue .
What propels the film into the stratosphere is Juno herself . As played by Ellen Page , Juno is a winning combination of fierce intelligence , irrepressible irony , casual profanity and , though she does n't want to admit it , emotional vulnerability .
An indie comedy that uplifts - funny and smart , totally trying to be cool and succeeding , and heartfelt to boot .
A sweet-and-sour look at the traumas of teen life , and the way that sometimes , improbably , they can be transformed into small miracles .
Comedy comes from an exaggeration of reality , not reality itself -- and on that score , Diablo Cody 's first screenplay gets high marks .
Kicking up a fuss -LRB- much like Juno 's unborn child -RRB- , this is easily one of the year 's best releases .
Sweet , sassy , and satisfying .
Ellen Page makes for the most exceptional movie teen in many a year .
-LSB- A -RSB- heightened , brightened , skip-a-dee-doo-dah glide through one of life 's big goalposts : not so much growing up but growing out . And I do n't mean bellywise , either ...
The most pleasant surprise of the year .
Juno 's relationship with her parents is one of the best things in the movie . For once , we get parents who genuinely love their child and respect her decisions .
By its end , Juno , in its guilelessly chatty way , touches the heart -- and yes , I had tears in my eyes . This movie works , on its own terms .
The best thing about this movie is that for all its wiseacre badinage , it 's utterly believable about the most basic of human situations .
The movie itself does n't claim to be anything other than what it is : a modest crowd-pleaser with a little bite .
Juno is n't a film made in the bell jar of unlikely reality that is , far too often , Hollywood : It 's a film whose attention to real-life detail is so fine , audiences will be hopelessly and happily lost in its story from the first frame .
I feel almost duty-bound to say something contentious about the highly praised Juno , but truth is , it 's every bit as good as advertised .
Part whip-smart teen comedy , part drama , backed by a quirky soundtrack and the most subtle comic performance by a youngster in years , Juno is a rare feel-good film in the morose pack of Oscar contenders .
Juno is unerring , compassionate and funny as heck .
An exceedingly clever , offbeat comedy about a pregnant teenager .
That smart , hip , human comedy you 've been waiting for all year ? The one with dialogue like a sugar rush and performances like grace notes ? It 's called Juno and it just arrived in theaters . Go forth and multiplex .
It not only more than lives up to all of the advanced hype , it is actually even better than the advanced word has been suggesting .
It takes Juno about 15 minutes to calm down and get its joke reflex in check . ... And by the end you 've fallen in love with the thing .
It 's one of the best movies of the year .
Juno gets two things dead right about contemporary teenagers ...
The film 's forced quirkiness constantly threatens to derail the entire enterprise . But it keeps being put back on track by the apparently effortless performance of a great young actress .
Could have played up the subversive , satirical possibilities of the scenario , but -LSB- Diablo Cody 's -RSB- first script is too smart , her affection for her characters too strong , to mistreat the story and its inhabitants so .
filled with tart dialogue that entertains the audience , but always gives us an insight into the character speaking it and the pain they are going through .
Cody 's script is filled with smart , funny , very specific lines that define the characters and tell the story .
It 's so much fun that it 's easy to overlook the film 's rather conventional plot arc .
Juno invites you into a world you wo n't want to leave .
Not since Election has a female star talent hit the screen with such a sting of arrival .
The sophomore film from Jason Reitman is as smart and funny as his debut feature Thank You for Smoking , and even more affectionate and full of life .
Juno , the second feature directed by Jason Reitman , is far from great but it has qualities of feeling that lift it far above the ordinary .
What kind of movie is Juno ? The rarity that plucks your heartstrings while tickling them .
It transcends its own genre . Only superficially a teen comedy , the movie redounds with postmodern -- but emotionally genuine -- gravitas .
Full of great characters and well crafted and fascinating relationships , it may be the best film of the year .
Once -LSB- Page -RSB- - and her character - move beyond the too-cool-for-school act , Juno becomes something special , and memorable .
She is a wonderful character in her own right . I 'd watch a movie about her going to the movies . But Cody 's conviction is to get Juno pregnant so I 'll watch a movie about that .
The movie is distinctive for its complicated emotions .
Too desperate to be hip .
A triumphant conclusion to the unplanned pregnancy trilogy .
There 's a charm to the way the innocence of its design is challenged only by the elegant individualism of its memorably cynical protagonist .
Screenwriter Cody 's wit and imagination are seemingly endless .
Almost impudently wry and sassy but with an unexpected vein of seriousness and poignancy , this is a crowd-pleaser of the best sort .
Only `` quirky '' in that it is so very sincere ... please go see it .
All that aside , the only thing that really matters is whether or not it 's any good and on that front , this one does n't just score , it manages the comedic equivalent of a knockout .
Juno is a coming-of-age movie made with idiosyncratic charm and not a single false note .
What a hideous piece of faux-hipster crap .
A coming-of-age crowd-pleaser that 's full of life , laughter and tears
A grounded , sweet , funny , and excellent dramedy about smart teenagers and the world they live in that does n't always make sense ...
Juno has smart teenagers , smart parents , and comedy all in the same movie . It does n't happen often , so appreciate it while you 've got the chance .
You ca n't help but surrender to its considerable charm .
Somewhere up there , Preston Sturges is smiling ...
Juno is not a great movie ; it does not have aspirations in that direction . But it is , in its little way , a truthful , engaging and welcome entertainment .
The film , which initially seems as if it might only exist to serve its splendid dialogue , comes to serve its characters , who resonate long after Reitman and Cody deliver their final twist .
A fresh , quirky , unusually intelligent comedy about a 16-year-old girl who wins our hearts in the first scene .
A pure charmer and a heartfelt original , you will find this a totally unexpected , enormously satisfying and oddly rewarding trip to the movies .
You ca n't spend this much time being too cool for school and earn a sentimental rimshot -- it 's the boy who cried `` human . ''
The films wit is not unlike the defensive personality of its lead protagonist : a cover easily pulled aside to reveal genuine tenderness inside wanting for acceptance .
Definitely one of my favorite films of the last five years .
One of the year 's snappiest , snarkiest , most quotable comedies .
Strikingly written by newcomer Diablo Cody , Juno will get a lot of attention for its colorful dialogue , which is at times too ostentatious for its own good , but the film 's sincerity is what ultimately carries it across .
It could be this year 's Little Miss Sunshine , another funny , poignant and sincere take on family life served up with a raw indie sensibility .
Brilliant teen pregnancy comedy is funny , moving .
With a charismatic lead performance from Page and a plaintive score of indie-rock songs , Juno seems poised to be the season 's youth-culture hit .
Cunningly perceptive and hip in its irresistible skepticism about the comforts and uncertainties of love , Juno is enchantingly bright and breezy in its effecting resonance .
A movie already reputed to be hipper than tomorrow night , Jason Reitman 's follow-up to Thank You for Smoking is actually sweet , romantic and irony-free .
Tart of tongue and sweet of disposition , Juno offers living proof that crisp writing , graceful directing and an abundantly poised young lead can perk up a premise that 's been bludgeoned to death .
You come away from the film feeling grateful and happy % u2014 and scrambling for superlatives to shower on that subversive snugglebug Ellen Page ...
Not as hysterical but much more rewarding than Knocked Up , allowing kids to be kids , adults to be adults and each to spend a little time as the other .
Juno turns out to be about hope and understanding . Everyone 's heart is in the right place here , and maybe that 's why the movie wins out .
Juno is neither Page nor Cody nor Reitman , but her own fully realized person , speaking to us in the extraordinary rhythm of real life .
It 's great to see a family on film that does n't freak out at this all-too-common scenario . As alienated as Juno may feel , she 's actually surrounded by some pretty great people in her life .
If Juno 's charms win out in the end , it is n't without a slight residue of uncertainty suggesting we 've just had the latest Napoleon Dynamite clone foisted upon us .
Juno 's disarmingly charming and completely real , and one of the best films of 2007 .
Juno 's personality dominates the movie , which is both its strength and its weakness .
It is certainly the feel-good movie of the season , and credit for that goes to the gifted -LSB- director -RSB- Reitman , novice screenwriter Diablo Cody and the film 's sensational lead actress , Ellen Page .
Juno is hilarious and sweet-tempered , perceptive and surprisingly grounded . It 's also a gust of fresh air , perspective-wise .
Juno , directed by Jason Reitman , is smart , witty , and engaging -- three ingredients that , when applied to any film , comprise a recipe for success .
Has all the rhythms that made films like Little Miss Sunshine and Garden State so beloved by audiences and critics alike , but invents its own rhyme to buck familiarity thanks to its brilliantly funny and exceptionally wise screenplay by Diablo Cody .
The engaging story , coupled with the character 's likable quirkiness , makes for a film bristling with vitality and heart , without resorting to glibness or sentimentality .
Its high-concept slanguage sometimes feels over-written , its visual style can get a bit too twee , and there are two or three bridge scenes in the third act that feel like imports from a much stupider movie .
First-time screenwriter Cody Diablo 's gently comic , different-for-girls tale of a pregnant , hyper-verbal teenager is the distaff answer to the testosterone-fueled hijinks of movies like Knocked Up and Superbad .
Hollywood 's Woman of the Year is a pregnant 16-year-old , the incredibly hip , smart-mouthed and totally endearing heroine of the wise and witty Juno .
Once it gets past some serious tonal overkill , Juno 's sweetness feels earned .
Juno respects the idiosyncrasies of its characters rather than exaggerating them or holding them up for ridicule .
Juno represents an almost magical configuration of very talented people with very much the same brand of whipsaw humor .
A light , heady romantic comedy , reminiscent of John Hughes ' work in the 1980s .
I ca n't remember the last time I was pulled into a film this quickly and this deeply .
Juno has an implicit pro-life sensibility : Life is life , and deserves to be nurtured , even -- if not especially -- when everything around it is broken .
Page reigns over the movie , joined by a solid , eclectic cast who are allowed to be as individualized as she is .
A terminally-clever comedy that 's laced with lots of inspired sardonic humor but ca n't quite convince you to take its slowly thickening plot seriously .
... an immature , if fitfully entertaining work .
It seems to be , at least to me , that Reitman has found a very distinct formula for successfully entertaining us with sharp-witted , off-the-cuff comedies .
Besides co-star Cera , who 's quickly proving himself a master of all awkward geekiness but not in that off-putting Napoleon Dynamite way , pay attention to the future career of screenwriter Diablo Cody .
Witty and honest .
If this is where Indie comedy is headed , I guess I should find some other shenanigans to get into . Right , homeskillet ?
The artificiality of this beast is suffocating , choking itself into a stupor of unlikable characters , synthetic emotions , and overtly precious direction . `` Juno '' is pregnant alright : with overwrought execution and pedestrian intentions .
Light on plot but plentiful in moments of keen human observation , Juno is authentic and , oh , so winning .
By the end , it 's unexpectedly moving without ever once trolling for crocodile tears . It 's a sneak attack .
Though too precocious and polished , Juno manages to charm , with many lovely moments .
What 's sure to be the breakout indie hit of 2007 -LRB- and deservedly so -RRB- establishes the voice of screenwriter Diablo Cody and the career of young actress Ellen Page .
Juno is the kind of movie all indie comedies wish they could be : light and lovable , perhaps a bit too pleased with the cleverness of its dialogue , but a small charmer nonetheless .
An obnoxious fantasy vision of teendom slathered in self-satisfied snark .
Prepare yourself for the Juno generation .
There is such a powerfully endearing spirit to Juno that I embraced this film from the opening credits , right to the end .
One of the brightest and funniest comedies of the year with a delicious performance by Ellen Page as a precocious and big-hearted teenager on a mission of love .
A quirky comic indie with a too-too-clever screenplay , dialogue that seems tailored to the club-kid generation , and a sentimental streak a mile wide .
It is a little disquieting that the film takes things as lightly as it does and the ending just does not feel sufficient to the situation .
Just when one is about to write off Diablo Cody 's much-praised screenplay as less than the sum of its ornate quips , a scene will be flipped in an unexpected direction and a hidden vein of emotion suddenly struck .
It is n't often that a romantic comedy comes along with as much originality , vitality and biting satire as screenwriter Diablo Cody 's wickedly funny Juno .
A whip-smart , very funny and heartfelt dramatic comedy .
Jason Reitman is shaping up to be quite the talented filmmaker . Just as he proved with his previous effort , Thank You for Smoking , the merging of comedic elements never offset the dramatic side .
A blithe charmer balanced somewhere between a life-should-be-so-neat fairy tale and a life 's - a-real-bitch tragicomedy .
The snappy , new wave dialogue and a sprightly cast that considers suburban insanity as normal as an addiction to nasal spray and one-calorie breath mints turns Juno into an incendiary comic spree .
Juno is more than a few smiles - it makes you laugh deeply . It 's one from the bruised heart .
Reitman deftly creates a modern romantic comedy out of a serious situation that applauds the value of life , with terrific performances by all , especially Page and Simmons .
One of my favorite movies of the year .
Totally solid teen comedy .
The title character is the kind of hip , articulate , whip-smart teen girl you 'd both love to have as a kid and find awfully challenging as well .
Almost too unique for description ; a tour-de-force comedy with tremendous heart .
Engaging , frequently hilarious teen comedy with a terrific script , a wonderful cast and a delightful central performance from rising star Ellen Page .
This poignant serio comedy about teenage pregnancy benefits from Diablo 's clever script , which knows the unique quirks and lingo , fables and foibles of American youth today .
That essence of pugnacious energy that is Ellen Page has just taken another solid step toward certain stardom .
This comedy about teen pregnancy is extremely entertaining , packed with dialog that 's rather too smart and snappy .
Juno is the first LiveJournal or Blogger film . Its dialogue does n't just call out to be read . It 's like hypertext that calls to be clicked on .
... an impressive step forward for director Jason Reitman ...
God bless the whip-smart , snarky and powerfully funny screenplay by blogger / author / former stripper Diablo Cody .
This is an indie crowd pleaser that 's much more enjoyable -- in other words , not nearly as horrifying -- as Little Miss Sunshine .
Actually , all performances are sharp , which shows what can happen when actors get to play characters and deliver lines that bristle with originality .
Far lighter and easier to absorb than Thank You For Smoking even if it does sometimes try way too hard to be hip and quirky .
It 's a thinking person 's teen flick , a feel-good film that earns its earnestness . It 's got the-little-film-that-could spirit that could see it succeed like Little Miss Sunshine , but for my money it 's the better of the two ...
Dialogue and pic overall are saved from cloying glibness by the fact that Juno is not only a smarty-pants , but also genuinely smart and self-possessed , even if her condition occasionally threatens her composure .
This might seem like odd material for a comedy , but trust me , Cody 's script is pure gold -- expect big things in the future from this first-time screenwriter .
I hope this one makes a few careers .





@highlight

One of the brightest , funniest comedies of the year , Juno 's smart script and direction are matched by assured performances in a coming of age story with a 21st century twist .