For those looking for mindless violent entertainment , it 's just about good enough to fill the bill . But they did miss a bet by leaving out Sgt. Fury .
Things never look better than an auto wreck .
Violent action remake races to a high body count .
The most epically loaded triple-cheeseburger action film since `` Con Air . '' Driving-team maven Spiro Razatos handles second-unit duty , and flings gas , sweat and oil at the screen with the hard-cornered glee of having real Hot Wheels with which to play .
This is both a bad film and a bad influence , and on many levels . Still , for all of its brainlessness , it somehow manages a train-wreck hold on attention .
Lean on substance , but bustling with excitement ; Death Race is entertainment in its most primitive form .
usporedba originala i remakea % u0107e dati jasnu prevagu starijem film
... sets itself apart from its campy predecessor right from the get go .
pos tha itan to Pimp My Ride an to analambanan isobites sosiopatheis , toytestin apolaystika sadistiko kai afrena adrenaliniko
While the premise creates plenty of entertaining opportunities for violence and destruction , how much better could this have been as a true `` cannonball run '' coast-to-coast . . ?
An orgasmic mix of on-road mayhem that plays at 1000 miles per hour ! Marvel in some terrifically-choreographed stunt
Director Paul W.S. Anderson really is n't known for Oscar contenders , but the guy understands over-the-top gratuitous violence better than most .
A must-see for petrolheads and cineastes alike .
There 's some fine action , but the film never gets within spitting distance of breaking any taboos or taste barriers , which , for a schlock spectacle , is like racing within speed limits .
While not being the most awful filmic experience available , it 's certainly one of the dumbest .
Petrolheads and gorehounds , this backfiring blast of cinematic carbon monoxide is your film of the year .
It 's all pretty senseless and senseless is how I felt at the end of it all , after being party to a sadistic and deadly race that relies on the killing of its participants for its entertainment .
Neither as bad as you fear it could be nor as good as you might hope .
Anderson finds a few interesting angles from which to cover things , but there 's nothing really memorable or original to wow jaded action fans .
The main problem with the new film is that it tries to make the whole thing credible , whereas the original never tried to make any sense .
Basically , it 's a videogame masquerading as a movie , but the action scenes are so loud and messily edited that they 're tedious rather than tense . If it were n't so incoherent , it would be a classic .
Death Race is a travesty of the original film but it delivers enough explosions , violence and vroom-vroom action to ensure that it remains entertaining if you leave your brain in neutral .
If they do n't take themselves too seriously , they can be fun and this remake of 1975 's Death Race 2000 just about cuts it as entertainment .
Fast cars , machine guns , explosions , babes in hotpants - it 's everything a 12-year-old boy could want in a movie .
But Jason Statham can talk the torque as former racing driver Jensen Ames .
Anderson serves up an unashamedly guilty pleasure that hits every note , particularly when the racing starts .
The remake illustrates only how low modern action movies can stoop . Necks are broken , guts eviscerated . Fans of impaling and decapitation will not be disappointed .
Banish all memories of the original and you 'll find this a slick throwback in the Doomsday mould . Tearing across the screen with all guns blazing , it 's disposable , enjoyable trash .
With face carbon-frozen in rage and mid-Atlantic scowl in place , the Brit export is fast proving himself the most reliably fun actor on the scene , standing a good chance of becoming this generation 's Charles Bronson if he keeps making movies like this .
Anderson 's remake of the 1975 Paul Bartel cult film Death Race 2000 is surprisingly effective bonehead fare .
Once out of the starting grid , the film proceeds to edit the action so dementedly that one struggles to work out whose car just exploded , who flipped over and who 's driving the one with the missile-launcher on the roof .
This sci-fi fantasy about crazy Mad Max races in a high security prison is 8,000 horsepower of pure auto-erotic carnage .
Crude , rude , testosterone-clotted , meat-headed fun , mind , but its loud and proud lack of pretension is a relief compared to the pseudo-profundity of many blockbusters .
It 's nothing more than an enjoyable , ridiculously macho B-movie romp , but it 's Anderson 's best movie since the underrated Event Horizon . Perhaps , at long last , he 's starting to find his - yep - top gear .
It 's brainless fun , but while Anderson 's brilliant staging of the flesh-ripping stunts surpasses Bartel 's cheap thrills , this update lacks the sardonic wit and satirical bite of the Corman-produced version .
Director Paul WS Anderson has stripped out the satire and black comedy of Roger Corman 's 1975 original and left us with just a straight homicidal Grand Prix .
Like a monster car rally without a Truckosaurus in sight , this is more about the smashes and crashes than the vehicles themselves
While the tone is right , the action is cobbled together in such a way that the only thing viewers will experience is motion sickness .
To a seasoned moviegoer who saw the original film , this version offers nothing new but updated armored cars .
-LSB- Anderson -RSB- misses out on the original film 's theatricality of the racers and the dark humor of making targets out of pedestrians - a satire on the audience bloodlust to which Anderson cluelessly panders .
Check out the 1975 original instead , kids . It has cars running over old people and women !
a balls-to-the-wall tank-ful of amiable idiocy , fast-paced enough to keep anyone 's eye on the road .
... enough turbo-charged adrenaline to satisfy ... the No Fear t-shirt crowd .
Running an economical hour and 45 minutes , Death Race is all muscle , no fat . Anderson and his exceptional cast tell their tightly built story and get out of the way .
The best of all Paul W.S. Anderson 's films , although how much lower we can set the bar , I do n't know .
An adrenaline rush from start to finish
Through B-movie audacity , Statham and Anderson heighten Death Race into a skull-crusher and a mind-bender . But you 'll need a keen movie sense to recognize their underappreciated talents .
The new Death Race is awash in a kind of gray-brown desperation-chrome look . Any sense of cheeky , tasteless fun has vanished .
Utilizing an inane , effects-driven script , it 's filled with brutal , blood-splattered vehicular mayhem .
A painful imitation of Roger Corman 's cross country racing flick ...
Joan Allen turned 52 two days before this film opened ; here 's assuming this is one birthday present she 'd like to return .
Cars , babes and guns . Stop , that 's enough to entertain . It should have been an overly violent , comical Mario Kart . This is not a remake , this is a title take .
A rabble-rousing , futuristic gas guzzler , directed with the pedal to the metal and a surprising minimum of visual incoherence .
fun , no more predictable than absolutely necessary , and for racing fans , there 's the jargon of exactly how one soups up a Mustang for mortal combat
Paul W.S. Anderson makes one kind of movie : the shitty kind .
It 's exactly what you expect ... and that 's part of its problem . There is n't one surprise in this movie , not one , which is a good reason why it feels so hammered out and routine .
It 's oddly satisfying , even though it does everything wrong .
The real charm , if you will , comes to the high-octane action in the racing segments . And it is here that the film is quite simply awesome .
If you like testosterone with your octane , this is your adrenalin fix . If it 's not the kind of rush you 're into , do n't blame writer-director Anderson who gives you what his title promises .
Although the film zips along efficiently enough , Death Race is never as much fun as it seems to think it is .
It 's just sly enough to transform a predictable experience into something close to gripping .
A series of really wonderful kills that kept me highly entertained and a gay love story that could be the best since Brokeback Mountain .
Let Death Race serve as a warning , or maybe an inspiration , to any TV producer who says she 'd kill for high ratings : Why not stage a pay-per-view car race in which prisoners compete to stay alive on the course ?
Anderson dilutes Roger Corman 's satire by locating Death Race among society 's transgressors , depicting their dysfunctions with gory relish , and confining the race safely behind the walls of an isolated prison .
-LSB- D -RSB- irector Paul W.S. Anderson gives us gray cars racing around gray buildings underneath a gray sky . When I found myself longing for the eye-scorching hues of Speed Racer , I knew we were in trouble .
The unfortunately simple message of Death Race merely says we 're living in a time and place where financial corruption can allow us to prostitute ourselves to charge $ 250 to watch one guy violently off another for our viewing pleasure .
Death Race drips with cheese , and it 's insanely proud of it .
It 's the kind of easy target that most film critics enjoy savaging , but I choose to look a little more closely at movies like this . Empty-headed and powerfully familiar , yes , boring and poorly-made ... no way .
The movie Death Race most resembles is not Death Race 2000 or even another action movie but rather a beloved 1994 prison drama .
Wo n't win any awards for brains or originality , but it 's better acted than one might expect .
This summer movie season has been light on explosions , but Death Race takes care of that .
The story gets conviction off the performances of Statham and Allen and anyone looking for an end-of-summer crunchathon has definitely come to the right place .
The combination of good actors and terrible dialogue might have allowed the film a chance at minor cult status , if it were n't for the frustratingly inept action sequences .
Death Race is cartoonishly brutal and pleasantly disreputable .
-LSB- T -RSB- he only thing deadly about it is how dull it is ...
Statham 's films never promise to be something they 're not or offer something they do n't provide . Death Race is not an exception .
Of all the Z-movies in the Roger Corman catalog , they had to remake Death Race 2000 .
It 's the perfect end-of-summer film , and a sign that summer needs to end soon .
If you 're a fan of Gone in 60 Seconds or The Fast and the Furious , you wo n't look at your watch while the movie is going on , and you wo n't feel conned out of your money when it 's over .
Like first love -- or maybe just a crowbar to the Adam 's apple -- Death Race works fast and hits hard . A prison flick and a car chase movie at the same time ? I am so there .
Well , you 've got to say this for Death Race : It knows what it is and does n't apologize for it . What it is , incidentally , is junk .
Offers exactly what action film fans would expect : squealing tires , blazing guns and spectacular crashes . Serviceable storytelling and dialogue that wo n't make you cover your eyes and shake your head are pleasant surprises .
A movie in which road rage is justified . Yours will be , too , if you spend $ 10 on this .
While steel-plated cars bristling with firepower are guaranteed to get adolescent hearts stirring , the movie offers myriad pleasures for adults .
The discombobulated violence that ensues is nihilistic , gratuitous and numb-skulled -- perfect for an action fossil that , despite its near-future setting , is all pre-CGI , pre-eco-friendly horsepower .
Car-crash porn for the modern audience .
This remake of Roger Corman 's camp classic spackles enough blood and burnt rubber into the gaping plot holes it 's easy to ignore them until the ride home .
Despite all of the action , fists , gunfire , explosions and more , it ends up just driving in circles , constantly banging into the uninspired barriers of mediocrity before crashing in a heap of bad filmmaking .
It has the tough guy lead , dozens of mad car crack-ups , tons of gratuitous violence , sweaty B-movie appeal , and even a couple of A-talent actors , but in the end Death Race runs around in circles .
What plot exists here is so nonsensical , so hackneyed that it does n't deserve or need explanation .
What fans of the original will immediately glean from the quasi-remake , now simply titled Death Race , is just how prophetic Bartel 's film was and how desperately the new film needs its forebear 's sense of irony .
The movie gets its own Mad Max mojo working , but there 's no real attempt at social commentary here -- these churls just want to have fun .
If you like primitive , degrading mayhem , this will fulfill your needs .
Thanks to its character interplay , the movie does n't drag despite taking a good 40 minutes to really rev its engines . And the racing that ensues is as loud , fast , hyper-edited , and pulverizingly destructive as the gladiatorially minded would hope .
Blood , gore . Unlimited machine gun and cannon fire . Bombs exploding . Tires screeching , brakes squealing glass breaking , crash , after meaningless crash . What 's not to like ?
In movies like The Bank Job , Jason Statham has shown the potential to be a British Steve McQueen , but he 'll never get the chance if he keeps making gobblers like Death Race .
This is still summer trash and no brain cells were injured or even fatigued in the making of it .
It does n't take long for a bunch of Mad Max-inspired motor vehicles racing around the same track again and again and again to wear out their weclome .
Once upon a time , car chases were a highlight of any serious action movie -LRB- come back , George Miller ! -RRB- ; here they are its entire substance ...
Even though the original film was made more than 30 years ago on a short schedule and a miniscule budget , its scenes of car-based carnage are actually more exciting and cinematically inventive than the messes on display here .
... it does n't bore , and it does n't embarrass the actors who appear in it . For a late summer action flick , that 's high praise indeed .
Yes , Death Race is as brutal as a punch in the face . If you have a hankering for B-movie grime and gore , it can also be a lot of fun .
As hard as metal and just as dumb , Paul W.S. Anderson 's Death Race could n't be further from producer Roger Corman and director Paul Bartel 's goofy , bloody 1975 original , Death Race 2000 .
Actors try to add a touch of class to a picture that 's utterly crass .
No fancy talk here , just solid , monosyllabic obscenities ; no flights of digital fancy , just souped-up monster cars flipping end over end in a napalm blaze and crashing in a crunch of flaming metal ouch .
It is an assault on all the senses , including common . Walking out , I had the impression I had just seen the video game and was still waiting for the movie .
Director Paul W.S. Anderson is one of Hollywood 's most consistent directors - he can always be counted on to make a terrible movie .
The movie makes no demands on its audience , except to cheer in all the right places .
Like big steaming chunks of charred animal flesh , or a fleeting glimpse of a gal 's ample cleavage , Death Race taps into something very primal -LRB- and very male -RRB- about the action movie experience .
Even though DEATH RACE is pretty bloody , and had some cool moments , the overall experience is mind numbing and a little depressing . It 's sad to think that this is Anderson 's best effort since 2002 , and that it 's still as bad as ever .
If you 're considering seeing Death Race this weekend , send me ten bucks and I 'll personally come to your house and punch you in the face instead . It will be more dramatically rewarding .
Yes , it 's a big ball of stupid , and yes , it 's pretty damn fun .
The flick is mindless fun . Any guy who wears Chuck Taylors , kills people in amazing ways and just spouts off amazing dialogue is totally cool in my book .
The movie is almost a lot of fun , were it not for the fact that Anderson lacks a knack for clarity and lightness ; he shakes the camera too much and cuts so fast that the race becomes a blur .
We 're in for a bumpy ride on Anderson 's Bi-polar express where the line between homage and ripoff is never as blurry as his action sequences . His Ben-Hur chariot race would have needed nothing more than one set of horses , a couple human heads and a wheel .
Made for that dude down near the front of the theater who screams out , `` DAAAAAMN , '' every time a character meets his untimely demise . Either you 're that guy or you are not .
Brit writer-director Paul W.S. Anderson obviously realizes that he is n't there to make Hamlet . He 's got a job to do and he does it effectively and competently .
Death Race roars , rages and races down the track , all velocity and visceral violence , unencumbered by logic , sense , reason or dignity .
While Anderson 's speedy send-up would definitely have benefited from more intentional humor and less angst and schmaltz , the director can be given kudos for knowing what fans of extreme violence demand : There 's hard-R mayhem-a-plenty here !
exists so critics will have something to put on their year-end `` Worst Of '' lists .
If a movie could drag its knuckles on the ground , Death Race would leave eight little tracks in the sand .
Mmmmmm ... it tastes like sleaze .
... should give fans of the genre just what they 're looking for .
A testament to the incompetence of Paul W.S. Anderson , who has never made a good movie and apparently is n't about to start now .
Death Race may be a loud , lowbrow piece of pulp , but it 's also crackling entertainment -- the very definition of a cheap thrill .
Death Race is a cinematic dreadnought : imposing on the surface , hollow at its core .
Low-rent , boring , brazenly mindless garbage .
The remake takes everything that was imaginative about the original feature and reduces it to an ear-splitting energy drink commercial , topped off with some of the worst filmmaking decisions to be found at the multiplex this year .
It 's one of those vicious larks that just plain hit the spot . It hits the spot , throws ` er into reverse and hits the spot again , before machine-gunning it and ramming it head-on for the fun of it .
Death Race should at least score points for its title , which is more apt than , say , Feelings Exploration . It 's mostly a race , and there 's a lot of death .
Almost so bad it 's good . Almost ...
Anderson 's take is ultraviolent , ridiculously stupid and kind of a rush . If your brain has an ` off ' switch , you 're well-advised to use it . And the carnage is relentless .
Bravely takes on that philosophical quandary every one of us must face : What to do when a ninja breaks into your home , frames you for the murder of your wife and taunts you with a finger-gun motion ?
Paul W. S. Anderson 's noisy , nonsensical remake fails to hold together even in its own paper-thin world .
... too brutal and boorish to be a guilty pleasure . It 's just guilty
A serviceable , forgettable genre film marked by leaden performances , even more leaden dialogue , a few sterlingly gruesome images , and a supremely campy performance from Joan Allen .
Unabashedly violent , this well-crafted remake is a giddily over the top B-movie , proficient at stringing together a series of vehicular demolition derbies .
A guy movie for guys whose only turn-on is death .
One of the most boring drags of all time .
Loud , vulgar and stupid , but what 's most amazing is that despite all the bedlam , it will probably either bore you to tears or send you into gales of unintended laughter .
Satire and spectacle are balanced perfectly in this cynical and sexy thrill ride .
Anderson - not to be confused with Paul Thomas Anderson , the fearlessly ambitious director of ` Magnolia ' and ` There Will Be Blood ' - has created a movie worthy of its own video game .
Into the prison yard strolls the one and only Joan Allen . Yes , Oscar-nominated Joan Allen . Into this mess . To say Joan is slumming is an insult to a slum . Picture Bette Davis in Norbit or Judi Dench in Daddy Day Camp .
Social commentary on greed and war along with sexed up female con backseat drivers , is thin pretext for the incessant , at times visually surreal heavy metal havoc orgy of war machine , napalm shooting designer macho-mobile boy toy vehicular homicide .
Exactly what you might expect , a mindless action flick that allows you to cheer as people get slaughtered while racing around in armored cars ... anyone expecting anything -LSB- else -RSB- is obviously in the wrong movie .
DEATH RACE is going to please non-demanding moviegoers that love their flicks violent and action-packed . But this is like eating a generic brand of cereal , tastes okay until you have the real thing again .
Paul W.S. Anderson may have a lot of flaws as a filmmaker , but the man knows cheap thrills , and he delivers them here .








@highlight

Mindless , violent , and lightning-paced , Death Race is little more than an empty action romp .