A terrible movie that only works on the rare occasions when Harrelson 's searing performance is allowed to shine .
A powerful portrait of a seriously damaged , both internally and externally , man .
-LSB- A -RSB- cop drama in the vein of Bad Lieutenant , except in this case the bad cop that is front and centre truly thinks he 's doing good .
Rampart does n't end up having as much emotional punch to it as The Messenger did , mainly because it feels as though the idea was not thought out to completion .
What keeps the movie engaging for as long as it was is the amazing performance by two-time Oscar nominee Woody Harrelson .
IN case you needed it , this unsettling cop drama is further proof that Woody Harrelson is one of the most underrated actors going round .
You get the impression that the film is as conflicted as its protagonist : trying to be both an arty character study and a dynamic drama at the same time but unable to excel at either .
A film saddled with a melodramatic script that would serve better as a TV pilot .
No thrills , no secret plots , and no obvious politics , `` Rampart '' is a powerful and moving look into an empty person .
This movie feels too undecided . The movie is so intent on not being `` Training Day '' that it just is n't `` Training Day '' enough .
Woody Harrelson is mesmerising as the anti-hero of gripping crime drama Rampart , but his pill-popping , booze-swigging , suspect-beating dirty cop , is so irredeemably unsympathetic that you almost wish he were n't so compelling to watch .
Loaded with poorly executed cop movie clichés
Rampart asks a lot of its audience , and offers very little in return . Only Harrelson makes the ordeal worthwhile .
Ultimately Rampart is Harrelson 's showcase , and he takes full advantage of fleshing out a complex role .
When Steve Buscemi is playing a district attorney , you know you 're in a moral quagmire .
Rampart is a hypnotic , subjective , immersive experience into the deepest depths of a character that you love to hate . It 's powerfully ambiguous filmmaking ; and you need to see it .
The incendiary dialogue -- as much a performer 's showcase as is a jazz instrumentalist 's solo -- is signature Ellroy .
A nightmarish , hallucinatory film , bathed in raw neon colors and with style to spare , and with a blistering central performance by Woody Harrleson .
Another bad cop on the road to ruin
Harrelson is riveting as a man without redeeming qualities or hope of redemption being driven to madness by personal demons .
Harrelson scorches the earth .
Rampart is more of a character study than any sort of crime procedural , and it 's all the better for it .
The performances are uniformly excellent and the film looks great , thanks in no small part to the cinematography of Bobby Bukowski ...
Where 's it all go ? Nowhere , really , just down a dirty , disappointing hole . Harrelson deserved better .
Harrelson is utterly captivating , as the sort of bitter , corrupt L.A. cop you would imagine holding down Rodney King with a smile .
Like the myth of the American West in a related genre , Dave reflects on an ideal past that never really was .
The dark feeling it captures is more important than the details of the hazy plot .
A movie with a literary heartbeat .
It 's a remarkably compelling film .
It ... teems with machismo , misogyny , racism and cruelty . And while it manages often to hold all of that awfulness at critical distance , you can sense an embrace as well .
Brown is a sick man , but Harrelson makes him so interesting , so charismatic , so ... watchable , that you ca n't look away , even if his actions make you want to -LRB- and they will -RRB- .
Rampart 's eccentricities will offend those committed to a straighter , chillier style , but its stylistic looseness only serves to underline Brown 's utter disconnect from reality .
The same measured calculation that went into casting big actors for small roles to keep the attention on Harrelson goes into many choices throughout Rampart , and though the effect can be frustrating , it feels correct .
It confirms Harrelson 's position as one of the best , most ambitious , least self-regarding actors at work today , and by the end he 's compelled us to understand Brown and accord him a grudging respect .
Rampart is the Shame of police movies .
Harrelson as the Anti-Christ copper doing his very best to unsettle the status quo ... makes a solid impression .
Although it does n't quite match LA Confidential for complexity and scale , it does capture some of the grit and dynamism of the author 's hard-boiled style .
The film is shown from Brown 's point of view , with Woody Harrelson , dominating every scene and giving the performance of his life , somehow imbuing this violent , bigoted misanthrope with personality , charm and humour .
Rampart is a film more about how scandal affects character and evolving mental state rather than the resolution of such scandal . And even though the movie is a bit formless and meandering , Harrelson 's performance is certainly worth seeing .
Harrelson is riveting , and Moverman 's gaze is unflinching .
No Ellroy fan should miss this movie .
If small , dark and disturbing is what you 're after at the movies , look no further than Rampart .
`` Rampart '' does n't tell a coherent story as much as swirl the drain with Dave , as his increasingly desperate efforts to save himself simply result in a cascade of self-inflicted wounds .
Woody Harrelson is at his intense best .
The always present Harrelson gives one of his best performances - all bravado on the outside and self doubt on the inside .
Harrelson does everything but beg for an Oscar in a film that does little else but delve deeper and deeper into a character that has no depth .
A murky , blurred reflection of policing in LA circa 1999 which will make you think that even in clear cases of right and wrong there is still a middle ground where it pays to tread carefully .
If Oren Moverman 's ` bad cop ' drama is a bit short on psychological perspicacity , Moverman 's movie at least provides a solid vehicle of display for Harrelson 's squirrelly , off-kilter intensity .
This is n't your average out-of-control character , and Harrelson has to work against a narrowly defined screenplay that is short on specifics .
Rampart might be a worthy attempt to probe the banality of evil , but after an hour and a half of its near-unvarying gruesomeness , it 's the film that starts to feel decidedly banal .
At its centre is a character portrait almost as memorably excruciating - in its tormented , self-tormenting psyche - as Büchner 's Woyzeck .
Harrelson is fantastic , and the movie has some great ideas , but it 's frustratingly unable to see them through .
Rampart is a gripping movie , and a great addition to the Ellroy canon .
Poor Woody Harrelson . Here he is with a great role in ` Rampart , ' and the movie turns out to be about as messy as one can get , through no fault of his own .
Dave is , simply put , a bad man , and part of the brilliance of Harrelson 's performance is that he makes us feel for him anyway .
It 's always a pleasure to watch Woody Harrelson when he 's giving one of his meaty performances and he 's on good form in Rampart but boy does his character , and the film , test our patience .
The meandering script is increasingly frustrating , the central character is deeply unlikeable and Moverman 's direction veers between sluggish and pretentious throughout .
It 's good to see a dirty cop that does n't come clean .
Sure to provoke furious reactions in those unwilling to succumb to its mood of reckless abandon . But for those who can , this feverish slice of LA noir is set to be one of the purest cinematic pleasures of 2012 .
Without Ellroy 's masterful prose , Rampart 's obnoxious leading man is beyond redemption .
Oren Moverman 's storytelling is hazy and sometimes hysterical but Harrelson is magnificent .
It 's not competently directed , and the plot is convoluted , but Harrelson 's turn makes it worthwhile almost all by itself .
A familiar story oddly presented , but with a powerful central performance from Woody Harrelson .
Another heavily weighted , often histrionic effort from writer/director Oren Moverman and actor Woody Harrelson , ` Rampart ' gives Harrelson plenty of opportunity to chew the bark off the palm trees in Los Angeles .
Rampart is nothing more than an showy cinematographic exercise that depicts an anti-hero who resolutely wo n't change . Does the film undergo any kind of story arc ? Nope . Give me a Training Day any day .
Director Oren Moverman understands that Woody Harrelson is a real actor and makes movies to prove it .
Something to see and little to remember , an acrid character study undone by narrative implausibilities and its own lack of purpose .
Compelling character , murky movie .
`` Rampart '' patrols some familiar streets , but this jarringly intimate study of a dirty Los Angeles cop sliding , crazily , down the drain has a distinctive new-cliche smell , pungent and alive .
Harrelson is an ideal actor for the role . Especially in tensely wound-up movies like this , he implies that he 's looking at everything and then watching himself looking .
He insists on `` keeping the family together '' with the same irrational devotion he applies to his job .
Not derivative so much as a variation on a template .
... difficult to take and complex about its central character .
The visual style is designed to bring us into Dave 's paranoia , but a few shots are simply baffling , hinting at things that never pay off .
Harrelson gives a great performance as a man out of control . He is n't just evil . He has a number of facets to his personality .
This original screenplay is not based on the notorious Rampart Division scandal that rocked the L.A.P.D. , but it does take place in 1999 when that investigation was still current .
Rampart about the performances , most notably Woody 's . The movie on the whole is just okay , leaving you with a unsatisfying ending and does n't add up to a whole lot .
Hallucinatory , elliptical , with dialogue as rich as chocolate cake , this is the self-proclaimed Demon Dog of American crime fiction at his fevered best .
It 's a testament to the direction of Oren Moverman and the script he co-wrote with James Ellroy that we care what happens to such a despicable character .
Effectively written , directed , and acted , Rampart is a grimly fascinating portrait of a guy who swore to uphold the law , but ended up staring into the abyss that is himself .
With Mr. Harrelson , Mr. Moverman has created an antihero of epic proportions and indiscretions .
This movie 's too small and too dark to have gotten Harrelson into the overcrowded best-actor race , but it 's without question one of the year 's great performances .
-LSB- Harrelson 's is -RSB- a great performance that has been undervalued during awards season and the film is better than its glossier counterpart , `` Training Day . ''
While Harrelson 's work contributes to this sandpaper rub of Los Angeles corruption , it 's eventually lost to unnecessary distortion in a feature that works much too hard to appear effortless .
The movie zooms from incident to incident , piling up examples of the anti-hero 's misdeeds , primarily so it can ponder how one man could be so stubbornly wicked .
Instead of leading toward understanding , `` Rampart '' remains a dirty cop caricature , more a complaint than a story .
The movie 's got some strong moments , and Harrelson 's work here is so committed that many might feel his character 's journey is worth sitting through for that alone .
Bad Lieutenant made by a tediously finger-wagging Jew instead of a tediously desecrating Catholic .
Moverman 's plummeting psychological profile shows great taste but poor judgement - the wonderful cast and convincing plot sacrificed in service of the exceptional Harrelson .
The best and most enjoyable thing about Rampart is all the pyrotechnics emanating from the very interesting object that is Woody Harrelson 's brain .
Woody Harrelson 's awards-worthy performance is the only reason to see this police drama .
This sleazy L.A. noir crime thriller is distinguished primarily by Woody Harrelson 's ` rotten from the inside out ' rogue character study .
A crackling potboiler with seething political undertones .
Thankfully , the ever-watchable Woody Harrelson re-teamed with his The Messenger director , Oren Moverman , to carry what may have otherwise been relegated to late night TMC and the discount DVD racks at Duane Reade .
A dour , depressing character study that does n't so much develop and expand as simply repeat the same points over and over again , to diminishing effect .
Yet when -- purposely -- most is said and done , it 's Harrelson 's gritty , nuanced performance that carries this truly pathetic film over the edge of despair .
Moverman gets away with a protagonist who it 's impossible to root for by making sure we care about the fallout of his meltdown .
What could , in surer hands , come across as uncompromising brutal brilliance just feels like particularly aggressive button-pushing .
It 's either one of the last great movies of 2011 or one of the first great movies of 2012 .
Woody Harrelson 's no-holds-barred performance as a veteran cop trapped in a downward spiral of his own making is the white-hot core of this intense drama , whose relentless intimacy may play better on a small screen .
It 's a downbeat character study and , for the most part , it executes that aspect adequately .
Harrelson may have given another award-worthy performance here , but it 's lost amid the oblique visuals and storytelling .
An unnerving warts-and-all portrait of a man staggering around in circles of arrogant self-deception .
Moverman 's movie is the opposite of its lead character , sober and serious , and with an eye on some kind of social commentary ... But Harrelson is given a great challenge , and he more than rises to the occasion .
A film test for Woody Harrelson 's commendable nasty character skills , `` Rampart 's '' fails to provide much healing to allow L.A. to move on .
Harrelson commits fully to the unshowy depravity and low-boil rage and director Moverman wo n't pass judgment , choosing instead to surround his officer with even more more barriers , more crime and more downhill slide .
Harrelson completely commits to being this horrible , paranoid man who can do nothing but be confrontational in a uniform . I hope it 's more fiction than reality .
What we 're left with is a procedural that 's difficult to get completely invested in .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- A riff on the `` Bad Lieutenant '' corrupt cop theme that Abel Abel Ferrara so eloquently nailed down for all eternity in 1992 , `` Rampart '' is the flawed work of writer/director Oren Moverman -LRB- `` The Messenger '' -RRB- and famed crime author James Ellroy .
Rampart wo n't be for everyone , but it 's the work of a major directorial voice . It 's a thriller on fire .
all atmosphere and paranoia but little in the way of momentum
... destined to come and go without leaving much of a trace , not because of its occasional defects , but because of the things it does right .
It takes on a throbbing , sick monotone . This is n't a concert , it 's a bass guitar solo , all thumping blackness .
`` Rampart '' has nothing but great performances - particularly Harrelson 's brutally vulgar , violent one as Dave Brown . And it gets more of Ellroy 's world on screen than any other adaptation .
-LSB- Woody -RSB- Harrelson is sensational in his strongest showcase role in years .
Harrelson both relishes the conviction with which Dave continually acts out and sells the tumult that follows when he has no one left to hate but himself .
Fluidly directed by Moverman and splendidly acted by Harrelson , who deserves Best Actor Oscar nomination , Rampart adds an honorable -LRB- if familiar -RRB- panel to the subgenre of the Dirty Cop , alongside Eastwood 's Dirty Harry and Ferrara 's Bad Lieutenant .
Harrelson 's portrayal ... is perilously close to perfect ; it 's the finest , most harrowing thing he 's ever done .
Playing a cop at his worst , his hands never dirtier , the stakes never higher , Woody Harrelson has perhaps never been better than he is in the seamy , scandalous jumbled rumble of `` Rampart . ''
As Brown lurches toward self-destruction , we start to long for him to find it .
`` Rampart '' tells a familiar story with such visual punch and hustling energy that it comes close to feeling like a new kind of movie , though it 's more just a tough gloss on American crime stories past .
Much like Ellroy 's noir classics The Black Dahlia and American Tabloid , Rampart is an imaginative work of historical crime fiction using invented characters to reanimate a specific time and place .
Harrelson makes Dave Brown fascinating even as writer-director Oren Moverman - who also made `` The Messenger '' - allows the film , from a James Ellroy screenplay , to become a sprawl .
Using an improvisatory method built around Harrelson 's fiery performance , Moverman -- showing incredible range in jagged contrast to the understatement of `` The Messenger '' -- foregrounds Date Rape Dave 's commitment to a lost cause .
Moverman 's camera keeps its hands off Harrelson 's psyche , letting the drama result from a cool distance -LRB- when things get emotional in the third act , the film loses some potency -RRB- .
While the film is drenched in atmosphere and packs a verbal and visceral punch , its relentless downward spiral makes for an overdetermined , not entirely satisfying character study .
In trying to create the worst cop ever in a realistic milieu , director Oren Moveerman comes up with a creature that is neither credible nor interesting .
The pic gets over mainly through Harrelson 's endearing performance as the conflicted flawed cop .
A savage , white-hot performance by Harrelson . . intense story-telling . . a character you ca n't take your eyes off .
Has Ellroy 's stamp of living through and surviving decadence . Harrelson expresses a bounty of hostile and rage-filled emotions .
If Robert Altman had made a cop drama , it might have looked and sounded like Rampart .
Harrelson reunites with The Messenger writer-director Moverman for this grim drama about police corruption in late-1990s Los Angeles . But while it 's sharply well-made , the film does n't really offer anything new to the bad-cop genre .
As a character study of a dirty cop in a spiral to oblivion it just about works thanks to Harrelson 's commitment , but ultimately the in-your-face style and confusing story stop the emotions from getting truly under your skin .
Woody Harrelson 's compelling performance as a man desperately trying to escape a net drawing ever tighter - yet fundamentally refusing to change his ways - ensures this gripping and gritty crime drama amounts to being more than just The Shield : The Movie .
Distinguished from other `` cop on the edge '' dramas by both Harrelson 's Oscar-caliber performance , and Moverman 's refusal to judge his characters , or spoon feed an easy-to-digest ending to the audience .
... a progressively unpleasant piece of work ...
A powerful second film from Moverman , one that could probably find itself an audience beyond the arthouse crowd .
Harrelson rewards watching ; he 's no less potent at rest than when he explodes in calculated rage .




@highlight

Rampart sends viewers plummeting into a nihilistic hell of its protagonist 's creation , yet Woody Harrelson 's performance in the central role is too magnetic to dismiss .