The touching A Brilliant Young Mind , about a teen boy with autism , features strong performances that make it more memorable than you would initially expect .
It 's pleasingly moving .
A loss of focus turns this small English feature from an excellent film into a routine and mediocre one about half-way through , but its opening reels have touches of understated genius about them and it is full of undeniably moving moments .
A confidently directed version of an underdog story that we 've seen before .
Matthews ' direction is perfect . Yes , he manipulates you throughout , but nothing is milked , there is great subtlety , and his settings in Taiwan and at Cambridge are deftly shot by Les Miserables and The King 's Speech cinematographer Danny Cohen .
Given -LSB- that the film -RSB- is concerned with the rigid certainties of algebraic formulation , its winning formula -- mixing charm , low-key humour , on-screen chemistry and emotional delicacy -- is altogether more ineffable .
Witnessing Nathan 's `` special powers , '' as his dad called them , may give the film its spectacle , but its soul is in the relationships Nathan struggles to build .
It does for Asperger 's syndrome what A Beautiful Mind did for schizophrenia : lots of drama but not much science .
Hardly breaks new ground , but it 's a watchable entry in the tortured young genius genre .
A Brilliant Young Mind is an inoffensive film , looking to please a broad audience and while it achieves its goals , there 's always a sense that it could have done more ...
I 'm sort of amazed that movies like this keep getting made , which makes me the stupid one .
It is a fully realized love story of rare spirit , the sort of deeply affecting film that can make you laugh until you are near tears , then drive you close to bawling .
... well acted but tugs too eagerly at the heartstrings and relies too heavily on manipulative melodrama that tends to trivialize its protagonist 's plight .
Bungled ending , but a great , stylish , brilliantly cast film about math prodigy .
Yes , this movie is as sugary sweet as it sounds , but director Morgan Matthews uses his documentarian eye and does a good job of showing us the world through the eyes of a remarkable young man .
The path may be predictable , but the priorities of the screenplay by James Graham are unexpected .
... stock characters are part of the toolkit for writing melodramas , but they can be more or less fully realized , and in this case Matthews and writer James Graham have gone for less .
Though billed as a boy-genius story , A Brilliant Young Mind is really a tougher thing : a movie about the complex emotional lives of autistic children .
A beautiful movie wrapped around a moving story -- one that should not be missed .
A poignant story with an accomplished cast .
A Brilliant Young Mind is not only warm-hearted , but offers surprises in a symmetrically crafted script , and a handy rebuke to the compounded heart-tugs of another recent tale of genius in the world , The Theory of Everything .
Parents and teachers of all the Nathans out there may be inclined to give `` A Brilliant Young Mind '' the full four stars ; for the rest of us , it 's small , smart , and satisfying .
Long after you 've seen the film , you 'll remember the wonderfully nuanced work of the cast , particularly Ms. Hawkins .
A strong cast elevates this sweet British drama .
The adult actors give us something to chew on , but this syrupy film 's center is bland .
Affecting drama about math whiz tackles loss , special needs .
`` A Brilliant Young Mind '' is less stuffy than the usual cinematic ode to British smarts and schooling . But that still ca n't save this tale of eccentric genius from being profoundly conventional .
It 's always touchy any time a film attempts to depict the realities of autism , but `` A Brilliant Young Mind '' figures out the equation is care , respect , and undeniable heart .
Hawkins gives a performance of remarkable grace and sensitivity .
With one exception , Nathan 's relationships with people go nowhere . Whether it 's his mother , his father , his mentor , or his fellow students , there 's virtually no difference in how they relate to him between the first time we see them and the last .
When the film does n't try to build up the usual suspense found in movies about competition , you sigh with relief .
`` A Brilliant Young Mind '' is not the film you think it is . It 's better .
The sensitive young genius story has been done to death , but apparently there 's still room for the gentle nuance presented in `` A Brilliant Young Mind . ''
This is n't a bad film , just a slow and predictable one , hitting all the usual marks as precisely as one of Nathan 's proofs .
A richly developed drama about an autistic teenager 's coming-of-age as he begins to connect emotionally with others .
A Brilliant Young Mind plays out with such bald earnestness that any of its shortcomings are not major detractors .
There 's no excuse for A Brilliant Young Mind to be so limited in the way it imagines its hero .
The film is novel-rich , so bristling with life that you might not notice how familiar it is in its contours ...
Lovely , but a bit overlong and obvious British take on `` Little Man Tate . ''
The film focuses on Nathan 's emotions and backstage dramas in ways that generally feel forced or inauthentic .
`` A Brilliant Young Mind '' is smart and perceptive , and it 's also stunningly sensitive to human needs .
While the script stumbles a few times along the way , the film will be a valuable eye-opener for those new to the world of autism .
The emotion and humanity of the characters is so raw that at times it almost feels like a documentary . The director has honed a fine skill for profiling a character .
Moving , heart-warming little feel-good drama about an autistic maths whizz .
Matthews ' documentary background shows through in his refusal to wrap up plotlines too neatly , or treat eccentricity as something to be explained away .
It 's a delicate and perceptive film .
X+Y is challenging , endearing , sweet , and romantic ... all without breaking a sweat .
A genre-fusing film in which our hero comes of age and battles the relationship symptoms autism , X + Y is both touching and tough
This is a beautiful film on many levels . I laughed and cried through the highs and lows , satisfied by the richness of the emotional journey as it comes to a spectacular conclusion
It 's refreshing , delightful stimulation for heart and mind .
Matthews - riffing on his own documentary Beautiful Young Minds - makes the film 's formulaic nature work to its advantage without dumbing down the science of it all .
While the story is somewhat schematic -LRB- you can plot the vectors of the narrative from the angles of the opening moves -RRB- , the performances are absolutely lovely ...
X+Y probably equals small returns at the box office . But who cares when it has the ability to multiply one 's happiness tenfold ?
Take the story of a young maths prodigy , add three notable performances , subtract any of the by-the-numbers mawkishness you might expect , and the result is X+Y , a small gem of a Brit flick .
The film 's magic is how it slips the skin of sappy and mendacious formula , stepping away from cliché scene by scene , and in quietly revelatory ways .
Familiar formula yet Morgan Matthews ' feature debut adds up to a satisfying whole .
A charming , utterly lovely and brilliantly acted coming-of-ager .
Bereavement , autism and maths are lightly combined in this formulaic but moving British drama starring Asa Butterfield .
It is nicely feel-good , is less manipulative than it could have been , and is well played by the high-calibre cast .
An utterly charming , deftly-acted and deeply affecting British drama .
A clever , imaginative , supple movie , true to itself in spirit and essence , even when straying from strict itineraries .
An attractively unparochial drama with a bracing interest in excellence .
This heartwarming , very British drama plays like a soft - centred teen version of a Mike Leigh movie .
-LSB- An -RSB- affecting film .
An honest , heartfelt film , full of lovely performances , yet one that ends up rather unexpectedly conventional .
With a gentle current of comedy , this relaxed British drama finds some cleverly involving ways of approaching the concept of grief ...
With A + acting , a solid script and sensitive handling , there 's enough here to move even the hardest of souls .
At the core of this tender-hearted and moving British indie film is a fascinating relationship between a single mum and her autistic teenage son .
-LSB- A -RSB- deeply affecting , sensitively handled British drama .
This British tale of the difficulties of adolescence and adulthood is a sweet rather than saccharine tale , quietly told and lent emotional heft by a cast led by Asa Butterfield .
An intimate study of an outsider that is bound to move , compel and touch even the most hardened of punters .
Matthews has made a thoroughly successful switch from documentary filmmaking to emotionally captivating fiction . `` X+Y '' multiplies your expectations and charms your pants off in a teary-eyed emotional roller coaster full of life 's stirring profundities .
A fiction loosely based on fact that adds up to a satisfying , compelling drama .
X + Y is a thoughtful coming-of-age drama , led by a superb cast and a screenplay that rarely settles for formula .

@highlight

A Brilliant Young Mind is tender and perceptive -- and intelligent enough to find a wealth of dramatic riches buried under well-trod narrative ground .