This comedy is an absolute waste of time and easily the worst movie of 2010 .
It 's not just him badly defusing bombs over and over . It 's much stupider -LRB- and smarter -RRB- than that .
Bereft of any kind of laughs or remote giggles when not blatantly ripping off the Austin Powers mold ...
My advice ? Wear gloves , a surgical mask , and get the proper inoculations before entering the theatre . It 's the first sexually transmitted comedy of the year .
This feature length version quickly outstays its welcome with uninspiring jokes and schoolboy humour .
Big-screen SNL skit explodes with crass humor , sex , blood .
It achieves wit in a realm where stupidity is too often deemed sufficient .
It 's further proof , as if any were needed , of SNL producer Lorne Michaels ' contempt for the audience .
Will Forte , director Jorma Taccone , and the sublime Kristen Wiig triumph with their own brand of unique , risky lunacy
An avalanche of scatalogical humour and lame jokes that make the Austin Powers films look like masterpieces by comparison .
If you 're a fan of the SNL sketch , you 'll like what you see here , though newcomers might be left asking why they bothered to adapt it for the big screen at all .
Forte is likeable as the renegade good guy but the humour relies too heavily on blatantly telegraphed sight gags and villains with rude-sounding names .
It 's ridiculous , crude and , most importantly , jaw-achingly funny .
After a few promising opening gags , inspiration soon begins to fizzle out ; the film ends up looking less smart than the material it 's supposed to be parodying .
Will Forte , who has n't starred in a movie before and looks extremely unlikely to do so again , lacks the slightest vestige of credibility or charm as MacGruber . He also cowrote the script . Let 's just say comedy is not Forte 's forte .
Throwaway but genuinely funny throughout , MacGruber plays like Hot Shots : Part Trois or a live-action Team America : World Police -- a summer six-pack movie that makes up for in laughs what it lacks in longevity .
Despite the occasional laugh , strong performances from Phillippe and the ever-reliable Wiig and the most ridiculous sex scene since Team America : World Police , jokes that are funny within the first five minutes became stale at an alarming rate .
MacGruber might be a wildly uneven ride , but it does n't outstay its welcome and lined up against other Saturday Night Live productions it 's hardly the worst of the bunch .
Unexpectedly , this feature-length cash-in on a mildly popular American comedy sketch is more fun than most of this year 's bum-awful blockbuster crop put together .
Forte plays it commendably straight as a malfunctioning Chuck Norris while the cliches of the genre - obsession with manhood , a gurning megalomaniac and maverick methods - are soundly nailed .
More Pistachio Disguisey than Austin Powers , this cheapjack comedy is nowhere near as ingenious as the man it sends up .
Relies heavily on its lowest common denominator foul-mouthed jokes , which includes sticking a piece of celery where no vegetable belongs and MacGruber having sex with his dead wife while they are both standing up .
MacGruber is patchy , underwritten and frequently lazy but the performances are good and there are enough big laughs here to compensate for its inadequacies .
Leading man Will Forte will make you pine for the graceful savoir faire of a Jack Black or an Adam Sandler .
... very funny , though not for the prim or prudish ...
Perhaps a satire of Nicolas Cage 's Jerry Bruckheimer movies .
The latest R-rated movie aimed at the funnybones of 12-year-old boys .
If one joke clanks , the next one is n't long behind . The result is a brisk 88 minutes that ensures that if you did n't like it , your suffering was at least brief .
Surprisingly , lots better than extended fart jokes
A film that poses a philosophical question fundamental to our inquiry here , namely : `` Why does this exist ? ''
Some of these two minute sketches look a little thin at 87 to 92 minutes .
The thing that stands out about the film is just how raunchy it is - it 's probably the dirtiest material ever connected to the `` Saturday Night Live '' brand in its 35 years .
Oddly for a movie so obsessed with male nudity , there 's also a number of gags relying on homosexual panic .
While it 's very funny that this short sketch was made into a movie , the movie is short on laughs .
MacGruber short on comedic ammo .
Instead of any actual comedy , this film merely resorts to easy gross-out mayhem .
The film goes by in a wash of uninspired action and unmemorable comedy ; the daffy , mock ingenuity of the original sketch is long gone , and MacGruber 's ineffectualness has degraded into flat-out incompetence , with far fewer comedic rewards .
From one of Saturday Night Live 's lamest recurring sketches comes one of its funniest spinoffs .
The first movie based on an SNL sketch that neglects to incorporate the essential elements of that sketch-which are , after all , the only reason for the picture 's existence .
Kudos to Wiig for creating an actual character : shy , scared , much smarter than she knows . Sadly , not smart enough to reject this rudely-fashioned piece of junk that even MacGyver would have refused to handle .
Its core joke is decades late , and any nostalgic retro-pastiche the Richard Dean Anderson show might have held in American culture has been thoroughly used up already by The Simpsons and a 2006 Super Bowl commercial for Mastercard .
Another `` SNL '' skit stretched into a full length movie ; another dud from Lorne Michaels
More of a functional than revelatory success . Still , there 's undeniably a woolly , shambling charm here , particularly in the contrast between Forte 's blustery performance and Wiig 's tight-lipped , nervous energy .
The new MacGruber movie is n't smart enough or focused enough to qualify as a parody . Instead , it merely tries to keep the audience constantly off-balance with increasing amounts of shock humor .
You need a great character to make a bad thing good , and the action comedy MacGruber is sadly short on great characters .
While it would be unfair to saddle MacGruber with the `` worst SNL movie of all-time '' moniker -LRB- I can think of at least two that are more painful to endure -RRB- , its place on the vaunted 2010 Worst 10 list is assured .
MacGruber is by no means a work of genius , or a piece of art , or even very good . But Forte and company have managed to make crude and lewd dunderheadedness laugh-out-loud funny here and there , and that , I guess , is something of an achievement .
There 's a conceptual flaw at this movie 's heart : By the very nature of the sketch , MacGruber ca n't succeed on the big screen .
Not only does it fail to engender any laughs , but its ostensible targets pretty much make their own gravy anyway .
MacGruber ! Did they really make a movie out of that one-joke `` SNL '' character ? MacGruber ! Can a 90-second sketch become a funny feature film ? MacGruber ! Well , it 's no Wayne 's World but at least it 's not It 's Pat . MacGruber !
MacGruber alternates quick bursts of laugh-out-loud funniness with long dry stretches . It is n't exactly good , but for audiences in search of nothing more than a few silly chuckles , it should prove good enough .
Cut loose from the skit structure , screenwriters Forte , John Solomon and director Jorma Taccone seize upon a richer template , that of the ridiculous big-screen action-comedy refined by the Beverly Hills Cop movies .
The movie scores a few laughs with its startling use of bloody R-rated violence , and there are enjoyable turns by Kristen Wiig -LRB- as MacGruber 's sidekick -RRB- , Val Kilmer -LRB- as the international bad guy -RRB- , and Powers Boothe -LRB- as the good guys ' commanding officer -RRB-
MacGruber is clearly incompetent , so we expect his dim-witted schemes to fall flat . That they do , in stunningly predictable fashion , speaks to the movie 's lack of imagination .
... everything here that does n't feel ripped off from other spoofs plays like a middle school playground reenactment .
... -LSB- succeeds -RSB- as a laser-sharp parody of all stripes of cliché-laden action blockbusters -LSB- and -RSB- as a consistently hilarious bad taste farce .
Stretching a one-minute SNL spoof into 90 minutes is bad enough but gearing this raunchy , R-rated mockery to 14 year-olds wo n't pay off until it hits homevideo .
... succeeds neither as an action flick nor as a balls-to-the-wall comedy ...
A `` sleazy does it '' production that looks like it was improvised on the spot with a lack of conviction by a bunch of naughty 12 year-olds desperate for attention .
It certainly has some laughs . And of course it has explosions .
Filthy and funny . MacGruber shocks the world by taking a 30-second sketch and making a great homage to '80s action movies .
The spoof genre had appeared dead for many years , but MacGruber has a spirit and determination to entertain that is reminiscent of a lot of the spoof films from the glory days .
Congratulations , MacGruber . You finally defused a bomb . And that would-be bomb was your own supposed-to-be-crappy movie .
Moviegoers will eventually be struck with the realization that Precious : Based on the Novel Push By Sapphire contained more belly laughs .
You 're in good shape if you do n't demand much from your comedies .
Once again , it is proven that `` SNL '' sketches are probably best left in New York , live , on a Saturday night .
It 's fodder for a 12-year-old 's sense of humor , as long as that 12-year-old is now old enough to get into R-rated movies . In short , it 's a perfect film for someone like me .
`` MacGruber '' is so consistently laugh-out-loud funny and silly that at its worst , you hardly notice any of its flaws .
There are three kinds of jokes : funny , pathetic and those that make you sorry you laughed . Macgruber contains all three .
Creating a nostalgia for a simpler time while also skewering it with a deadly efficiency , MACGRUBER is unrestrained and refreshing silliness of the first order
MacGruber is an incredibly funny movie - a raunchy , silly , bloody ode to 80s action stylings . And to Will Forte 's butt , which gets plenty of screentime .
There 's more poop humor than one might have thought strictly necessary .
... if a movie makes me laugh hard , and particularly if it does so on purpose , I call that good enough .
Today we dig anti-comedy , thinking that we discovered the joke , and director Jorma Taccone understands that odd tone of straight-faced , almost surrealist bluster
The most inspired laughs come from unexpected soundtrack selections ...
While this jury-rigged exercise may not be an explosion of laughs , it 's no dud , either .
Unfortunately , the film becomes as much of a scattershot joke on the Regan era as it is on MacGruber himself .
The nicest thing to say about MacGruber is that it 's the best Saturday Night Live movie in a decade . It 's also the first one since The Ladies Man in 2000 .
The bibs and bobs are all in place , but the life-saving device never quite works as planned .
MacGruber is a movie that knows it 's dumb because it 's so smart .
Dont believe the haterz man ! MacGruber is freakin awesome !
As crude and as dumb as some of it is , the movie gets laughs , some of them guilty ones , when it is spoofing the action genre .
All thing considered , MacGruber is a lot better than it should be . That still does n't mean it 's all that great .
A naughty throwaway in all senses of the word throwaway -- 90 minutes of talented performers doing and saying dumb , crude stuff in pursuit of an elusive laugh , in a disposable action-comedy ...
How much mileage can a comedy get from a single joke ? Quite a bit , judging from the guffaws-to-groaners ratio in MacGruber ...
To call MacGruber a total bomb is a bit much , but this comedy-action flick sure feels like it was put together with gum , shoelaces and a couple of sticky Twizzlers .
Lower your expectations . Now keep lowering them . Think where the Naked Gun movies dredged . Now think lower . You 're now ready to appreciate the free-wheeling idiocy that Forte and company bring to a project that embodies the question , `` Why ? ''
When your audience is laughing at soundtrack selections more often than they laugh at the dialogue or sight gags , you got ta know you messed up somewhere ...
Pee-your-pants funny AND a solid action flick to boot !
To give a passing grade to this sloppy , one-note , scatologically obsessed trifle is to propose that the lowest common denominator of entertainment is an altitude hovering thousands of feet above the peak of Mount Everest .
Basically a one-joke comedy , and the joke is too moldy to support feature length -- and told in an unremittingly coarse , crude fashion .
How often you will laugh will depend on your threshold for raunchy , profane , potty-mouthed sex humor . This is a hard R , folks . It 's rapid-fire smut of the highest -LRB- or , uh , lowest -RRB- caliber . -LRB- Parental Content Review also included -RRB-
Do you remember when you first learned the word `` kahkah '' and then kept repeating the term incessantly for days ? If so , you have a handle on the woefully unfunny , extended Saturday Night Live sketch , MacGruber .
Will Forte 's bumbling MacGruber is not a lovable schlemiel , but an obnoxious twit .
`` MacGruber '' is a film aimed squarely at the hearts and minds of twelve-year-old boys . This is great if you are a twelve-year-old boy , of course , but not so much so if you are n't .
A movie based on a recurring `` Saturday Night Live '' character ? What could possibly go wrong with that ?
Like many a contemporary lowbrow comedy , MacGruber 's at its best when it 's most vulgar , when its foul-mouthed and essentially insane hero is free to indulge in his signature bits of raunchy whimsy .
MacGruber 's greatest trick ? Turning a modestly amusing SNL sketch into one of the funniest films of the year .
It 's not just good punch lines , and it 's not just parody , and it 's not just a man sticking a stalk of celery up his ass to distract some guards . MacGruber is all these things , and it 's damn funny because of it .
MacGruber is crude . It 's obscene . The dialogue is puerile and the jokes adolescent . And for the most part , it 's hilarious : a bawdy riot drunk on impropriety , which is why the movie works .
It 's MacAwful .
A one-joke `` SNL '' skit based on a television series that ended in 1992 has been turned into a no-joke movie that ended 99 painful minutes after it began .
There 's a reason you 've never seen the words `` Will Forte '' topping the billing of a major motion picture . After the throbbing flameball of unfunny that is MacGruber , you never will again .
I laughed so hard that I broke a sweat . MacGruber is one of those comedies that nails the combination of stupid and clever humor . The flick is 100 % self-aware .
What starts as a smart send-up of 1980s action thrillers ... rapidly devolves into the usual , disgusting piss and sh*t jokes .
It 's really funny for about 15 minutes , mildly amusing for 30 more and a bit of a bore for its other half .
The results here are still hit-and-miss , but the hits are usually strong and the go-for-broke attitude of the overall production proves infectious .
Kilmer gets us past the many slow parts of MacGruber so that Forte has time to convert his vanity project into an amusing mix of Austin Powers nonsense and the ` idiot-braggart in over his head and saved by his cohorts ' of Big Trouble in Little China .
MacGruber manages to move beyond sketch comedy dimensions , but at 99 minutes , it 's still a reach .
Once in a while a funny line or absurd sight gag will amble into the foreground , only to recede immediately in the rear-view mirror of memory .
The filmmakers deploy kid-genre conventions and soundtrack cues with affection , including the best montage-for-the-sake-of-it since Team America : World Police .
MacGruber is childish and ridiculous and far funnier than you 're expecting .
-LSB- While -RSB- not comedy gold MacGruber could be comedy pyrite which in the case of this scattershot genre is good enough for me .
The movie ignores the rule of three , instead repeating its best jokes just enough for them to funny the second time around . Unfortunately , MacGruber 's best jokes are few and far between .
Definitely not the best ` SNL ' movie , and definitely not the worst .
MacGruber actually snaps together quite agreeably thanks to a thunderously filthy screenplay and a game cast , who heroically taffy pull a slender concept to a pleasing consistency of comedic madness .
At times , MacGruber is the best parody film in years . At other times , MacGruber feels like it was written by a 13-year old .
This SNL adaptation misses even the most obvious of opportunities . What 's left is as pieced together as one of its hero 's many `` gadgets '' .
Another one of those flicks where anything worth laughing at is contained in the commercials .
MacGruber breaks the jinx by putting the skit in the context of a 1980s action movie and creating its own brand of explosive lunacy .
Establishes a character on par with Austin Powers and does more than an adequate job transcending the pitfalls of prior movies based on `` SNL '' sketches .
-LSB- MacGruber is -RSB- a film that 's easy to watch and consistently funny , even if it is as substantial as a merengue .
Plotting is afoot , so that the spirit of the Eighties is embraced and royally sent up ... The spirit of Frank Drebin lives on .
A jerry-rigged contraption whose rubber-bands-and-baking-soda construction is lucky to work once and then fall apart .
We 'd have breathed a sigh of relief if it were merely not awful . The fact that it 's actually pretty good , a gleefully silly action parody that does n't run out of steam before it 's over , is just icing on the cake .
So unrelenting in its attempt to win over the audience with its childish brand of humor that you ca n't help but join in the laughter .
I could not believe the stuff I was seeing in this movie ... You just wo n't believe where it goes , and that 's comedy ... I laughed my *** off at MacGruber .
One of not only the best spinoffs , but the best all-around comedies in recent memory .
When the film is funny , it 's very funny .
An unending string of easy scatological jokes which it executes really , really well .




@highlight

It too often mistakes shock value for real humor , but MacGruber is better than many SNL films -- and better than it probably should be .