A big-budget psycho-thriller that lets two of our more `` sedate '' leading men cut loose with some entertainingly juicy performances .
It 's not that Costner is a bad actor . He 's just a one-note actor ... like a male Julia Roberts . And this just is n't his note .
The good news : there are many twists , turns , subplots and surprises that the coming attractions do n't even hint at . The bad news : these twists and turns are so preposterous , or so irrelevant , that they undermine the movie they 're meant to tart up .
A dinâmica entre Hurt e Costner carrega Instinto Secreto : exibindo uma imensa química em suas cenas , os dois atores estabelecem um sentimento misto de tensão e camaradagem entre seus personagens .
Initial promise drowns in a tide of subplot complications in this sometimes slick and supremely nihilistic murder thriller which attempts to inject life into Kevin Costner by making him a bad guy .
The audience is apt to forget its own vicarious indulgence in some fairly perverse , psychologically unhinged acted out fantasy , as Kevin Costner masterminds erotically tinged guilty pleasures .
Costner gives a nicely underplayed performance and the film is well enough made to be watchable , if only to find out what enormity will be perpetrated next , and by whom .
Costner 's double-act with Hurt is a wicked pleasure , like The Odd Couple with a psychopathic twist .
Kevin Costner as a schizophrenic serial killer ? Demi Moore as a hardboiled police detective ? No , we do n't think so .
It does keep you guessing until the end , but Mr Brooks turns out to be Mr Average after all .
There 's enough ambition for a miniseries here , and satellite viewers already have the rather terrific Dexter . Stuffed into two hours , it 's all a bit of a pile-up .
If you can stomach the psychological codswallop of a serial killer keeping the demons at bay via Alcoholics Anonymous meetings , it may well be possible to enjoy this taut-ish thriller .
There 's plenty to recommend this old-fashioned serial-killer flick .
With a terrific cast and a superb script , this is a hugely enjoyable suspense thriller of the sort that they really do n't make anymore .
Despite numerous cutesy twists , it 's the gradual unveiling of a warped morality that lures you into Brooks ' world .
Everyone involved takes this tat seriously except William Hurt , who goes gung-ho as the alter-ego goading Brooks ' kill frenzies . If only they 'd cut out the middle-Kev and cast Hurt instead ...
A meticulous killer with family issues ; a cop with problems of her own ; secondary murderers on the loose ; a plot with unexplored depths - this could have been a decent TV series .
Although flawed , this remains a blackly funny noir treat thanks to Costner and Hurt 's double-act .
Mr Brooks is a new spin on murder-by-numbers : one fascinating character , two outstanding performances , and subplots too numerous for the film 's coherence or the viewer 's sanity .
Hubiera sido una estupenda comedia negra si no fuera que el director Bruce A. Evans se tomó el asunto en serio . Firme candidata a la peor película del año .
There 's more to every character than meets the eye and all the relationships have a twist
Twisty and seductive , this classy dramatic thriller has so much going on that we almost forget we 're watching a trashy potboiler .
A nutzoid chiller devoted to proving the strange , unseemly notion that even bloodthirsty serial killers are more enjoyable company than bad MySpace comedians .
This wannabe highbrow horror-thriller is a graceless , unfocused piece of work with a central narrative as tonally schizophrenic and wayward as its lead .
Ultimately , Mr. Brooks is a little bit like one of the murders in an actual serial killer case : an object of passing fascination for most people who see the broad strokes or statistics , but of lasting or more profound impact only to those affected by or d
Just when it seemed the serial-killer film had been done to death , Mr. Brooks brings something fresh to the genre .
I found this movie to be entertaining , but I was almost disturbed to find it so . How many other movies have a serial killer as their protagonist and actually make you root for them ?
Alternately intriguing and ridiculous .
Mr. Brooks spins a web that will wrap you up in nightmares .
... I wish the writing had been sharper
That thing does n't quite fit a category , it 's not really chilling and only inconsistently satirical or funny . Still , it is often entertaining , strange and bumpy enough that you can forgive the stiff parts .
According to some , we live in an age of moral relativism , and MR. BROOKS , a clever script with mediocre performances , explores that concept with nicely honed dash of irony
It is entertaining to watch Costner and Hurt fight for control of one body .
Clever and engaging , Mr. Brooks contains some of Kevin Costner 's best work .
If you 're sick of sequels to a sequel of a sequel , then check this out .
... a bit contrived and more than a bit gimmicky ... But it all works ...
A close to great film that spirals out of control into wildly enjoyable preposterousnes , topped off with a rancid maraschino cherry 's worth of sub-De Palma shock coda .
With some plot developments that are n't smart and/or believable enough , the film might look good and feature a decent name cast , but it just is n't that thrilling .
As psychological thrillers go , ` Mr. Brooks ' ranks above average because of Kevin Costner 's riveting performance .
`` Mr. Brooks '' is a neat blend of satire and suspense thriller that nearly overcomes its greatest flaw , a ridiculous subplot with Demi Moore as a rich woman turned cop .
Where the character can not maintain well-adjusted behavior over sociopathic indulgences , the film fails to strike a balance between the serious and outlandish .
There 's a smart , tense , creepy inside-the-mind-of-a-psychotic movie here . It 's just too bad that it 's buried under a huge load of ridiculous , over-the-top Hollywood claptrap .
... a nice , decent , all-American psychopath like Mr. Brooks is pretty welcome company for a few fraught and well-crafted hours in the tense and muted darkness of the movie theater .
Like its leading character , Mr. Brooks suffers from a split personality , and it 's unfortunate that the wrong one comes out on top .
Earl Brooks is presented as an admirable killer , because he 's an upperclass , educated white man .
Even its most absurd ideas are tantalizingly creative and sinister , enough to make you want to see them through rather than scoff and turn away .
The movie is so well made , and so compelling as a portrait of a man at war with himself , that , right up until the end , many people will probably be entertained by its intricately preposterous story .
Serial killers are people too , with hopes and dreams and loving spouses and kids who drive them crazy . That 's the repulsive theme of this revolting film ...
Smith is ... an insufferable , motor-mouthed douchebag that the audience will be begging for someone , anyone , to kill . In short , it 's the role Cook was born to play .
Yes , it 's true that before the end the fatigue meter was registering pretty strongly , but if someone had tried to remove me from the theatre I would have put up a fight .
This ghastly concoction blends sleaze , a serial killer and sex in the sort of thing that , were it not rated R , would be a television movie .
Violent and implausible , it 's Costner 's dark field of screams .
A unique and surprising movie experience . A strong alternative to the current sequelitis plaguing the industry .
Interesting twist on `` Dr. Jekyll . ''
Only someone who has n't watched TV for 20 years would think that portraying Brooks as a high-minded monster makes him more than a run-of-the-mill thrill-killer .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Evans keeps flirting with a potentially rich idea only to surround it with indigestible amounts of silliness .
The last decade has n't been kind to Costner , but he returns to form here . This is a fine little thriller that has some nice - but not surprising twists .
Its wickedness is irresistible .
Mr. Brooks had the potential to be a ridiculous thrill ride , but that requires a director who knows how to shoot a scene with more style than a Law & Order episode .
Plays like Red Dragon reimagined by filmmakers who think they 're too smart or too sophisticated or too high-minded to give themselves over to the sordid , sleazy and flat-out nasty .
Quite a few plot lines and character quandaries remain unresolved . And yet the movie makes sense as it stands . After all , one can never know what makes a psychopath tick .
Certainly more genuinely creepy than many recent thrillers , and the supporting cast is effective .
Mr. Brooks does work up some clammy tension . The script has bite .
Not just a guilty pleasure but a truly queasy one .
The movie is a missed opportunity . It has all the ingredients of a delightfully twisted , sleek little thriller . But with all that extra padding , Mr. Brooks is just one bloated mess .
Turns out , Portland has more serial and spree killers than coffee shops -- there are still more that figure into the movie 's increasingly ludicrous narrative .
You know you 're in real trouble when Demi Moore 's playing the most sympathetic character you have .
Please do n't tell me it was supposed to be played for laughs all along , because I do n't buy it . Too late to save it from doom , the twists and snafus in Mr. Brooks start coming too fast for the audience to absorb , and the movie turns delusional .
A clumsy and facile pulp thriller that is never the sum total of its parts .
Preposterous as Mr. Brooks can get , it 's such a well-crafted , intricately devised thriller that its flaws are easy to forgive .
There are flashes of near-greatness here , and the moments of dramatic power and aura of moral ambiguity set it apart from just about every other movie out there this season .
Mr. Brooks has a crisp , clever script , lacings of black humour , heart-racing pacing and convincing performances .
In Mr. Brooks , Bruce A. Evans ' fitfully subversive approach to the genre , we get a few fresh takes on the psychology of serial killing .
Totally absurd and equally entertaining .
The film emerges as a subtle commentary on a disquieting aspect of our current culture -- a commentary on the nature of a masturbatory voyeurism and how it fosters heartlessness by turning other people into objects .
The kind of movie that rockets so far beyond the line of credibility and so deeply into the realm of utter stupidity , you start to wonder if the filmmakers are n't putting you on .
I count a baker 's dozen of movie plots here , a tally so impressive that the qualifier -- all of them are inane -- seems almost ungenerous .
Far-fetched , flimsy and uninvolving .
What starts out as a delightful black comedy and social commentary ends up , at best , as a guilty pleasure where I had a hard time sorting out the intentional from the unintentional laughs .
What pushes Mr. Brooks into ` silly ' territory is the way co-writer/director Bruce A. Evans piles on way too many subplots that seem to set up future stories .
Costner seems to be having some fun playing the respectable guy with an evil secret , but -LSB- director -RSB- Evans ' murky storytelling just weighs him down . Cook has all the charisma of a misshapen mud pie .
Mr. Brooks has more tonal shifts than a Philip Glass concert , never deciding if it 's a thriller , a noir , a comedy or a farce .
A classic guilty pleasure -- a great-looking , weirdly compelling thriller with two pedal-flooring performances from Costner and William Hurt .
A fertile example of the Studio Film Gone Berserk , where too many characters and too many story lines geometrically progress until a level of blissful absurdity is reached .
Welcome back , Costner . The hit-or-miss actor who earned an Oscar for Dances with Wolves but a Razzie for The Postman shatters expectations with his best performance in more than a decade .
Despite a promising intro and some darkly cool atmospherics , the picture pushes plausibility to the limit with a story that is ultimately laughable , using every studio gimmick and characters that are poorly explored .
The film demonstrates the complexity of human nature and its faculties -- our sinful side is never far removed from our capacity to think and feel .
There 's an unsettling exhilaration in the way `` Mr. Brooks '' plows through dark waters and damns every torpedo ... except for the one that sinks it . -LRB- Its name is Demi Moore . There 's the germ of a great movie , but the disease of many stupid ones .
As long as Mr. Brooks remains focused on Mr. Brooks , the film provides a fair amount of thrills and -LRB- intentional -RRB- laughs .
Score one for Kevin Costner . His dark and disturbingly compelling psychological thriller Mr. Brooks could give the once powerful Dances with Wolves star his first hit in many moons .
Costner is sufficiently creepy , yet incredibly down-to-earth as Mr. Brooks . I must say this is one of my favorite performances of his in a very long time .
Costner proves that , given the right material , he 's as good as anyone .
But for a movie about a guy who plans everything so meticulously , the script is a mess , with impossible coincidences and one big fake-out that is nothing but a giant bloody speed-bump on the way to the who-cares-at-this-point conclusion .
... cops a little of the cheerfully sanguine attitude of the Showtime series Dexter , although there 's no effort to rehabilitate Brooks by half measures at work here .
Costner and Hurt 's strong performances are surrounded by flimsy plotting , unbelievable sidenotes ... and occasionally absurd ` surprises . '
... the film ultimately suffers from an egregiously uneven vibe that 's compounded by a distractingly overlong running time .
If it is not as sadistic as the Saw and Hostel movies , it is as malignant in its insistence on the omnipresence of evil .
This is that rare Hollywood film where you ca n't be quite sure where the story is going to end up .
Comedian Dane Cook provides the real surprise here in a brave performance that more than holds it 's own amongst the list of great talent involved .
Reminiscent of Patricia Highsmith 's Ripley novels , and that is flattering praise .
It 's a tasty stew for anyone with a macabre stomach lining . It 's sense of humor is dependent on your ability to connect with your inner psychopath and root for the bad guy .
delivers more of a soap opera-like story about everyone 's personal lives , whether you find that interesting or not , and whether these lurid details are important to the plot or not .
While far from perfect , by and large I found myself mesmerized .
In the lead , Costner -LRB- who financed the production out of his own pocket -RRB- is a long way from the boyish charmer of Dances With Wolves . But his easygoing star power is intact .
The film probably tilts the balance too far in favor of Mr. Brooks at the expense of the uninspired Det. Atwood .
There is some refreshingly good , old-fashioned storytelling in this movie .
-LSB- Costner -RSB- gives one of the best performances of his career .
A meticulous study on the `` how '' of serial killing . It just skims over the all-important `` why . ''
Mr. Brooks manages to be deeply loathsome -- no small feat for a film that 's shallowly amateurish .
Preposterous characters surround a serial killer in a strained and unbelievable story .
It 's an odd piece of entertainment , and requires a viewer flexible enough to journey into the belly of the beast and somehow enjoy it . Me ? I found it irresistible at times .
Mr. Brooks is driven more by its characters than its plot . And several of those characters are fascinating .
Evans delivers mood , tone and acting in this seductively quiet and unhysterical film , but so overstuffs his screenplay with plot he very nearly upends his own project .
Mr. Brooks is a killer .
It would be nice to report that Costner 's bid paid off but Mr. Brooks , aside from the low-key menace he exudes , is n't much .
After its sleek , hard-edged first hour , the second half slides into rote action-adventure scenes , complete with techno music backdrop , that we 've seen in dozens of movies of this ilk .
Overall , this is an enjoyable romp -- with some pitch black comic moments and a fascinating figure at its center .
Intriguing but inept .
A fascinating and thoroughly unsettling exploration into the mind of a serial killer , Mr. Brooks could well be the smartest , most astute thriller of its kind in several years .
There is an actual brain at work here , and it feels refreshing .
Here are two things to know about Mr. Brooks going in : 1 -RRB- Demi Moore plays a millionaire cop , and 2 -RRB- that 's one of the less ludicrous elements .
What compels is n't the overwrought plot , but the simpler things , the dynamics between the actors , the avuncularity between old pros Costner and Hurt and the class condescension between Costner and Cook . It has a fascinatin ' rhythm .
Slickly shot , coolly edited , oozing dark , deadpan humor , Mr. Brooks finds Costner at the top of his game . His moves are subtle , his expressions flat , his emotions clamped down , contained .
I think Waterworld 2 might have been a smarter career move .
Mr. Brooks proves an unusual , occasionally awkward blend of suspense , drama and camp that 's surprisingly fun .
This is one of those slick , violent , ridiculous Hollywood jobs that make little sense as a story , a comment on life , or a depiction of characters , but are moderately enjoyable in their spinning of movie conventions .
If you broke down Mr. Brooks in terms of structure , twists and momentum , you might give it high marks . The thing does move . To where is the problem .
The movie has the air of a project that kicked around Hollywood for years earning periodic praise from bleary-eyed script readers duped by its labored quirkiness and from former matinee idols eager to reinvent themselves as brooding method actors .
Mr. Brooks begins promisingly , but it grows steadily more preposterous as it goes along , becoming the first feel-good serial-killer movie .
There 's so much unexamined rage in Mr. Brooks that the movie plays like a training video for psychotherapists .
The film is overburdened with plot elements -LRB- yet misses various continuity details -RRB- .
What 's interesting in Evans 's approach is the low-key expression of -LSB- a -RSB- classic concept .
If ever a movie epitomized the term ` overplotted , ' it is Mr. Brooks .
Ever wondered why movies made in Hollywood seem to appeal to increasingly dumber audiences ? Buy a ticket to Mr. Brooks to become part of the intellectually diminished population that studio execs lower their standards to appease .
Smart , funny and wicked ... a combination I would pay to see . Mr. Brooks may not want to be bad , but with the devilishly cruel Marshall by his side , he 's oh so good at it .
The pretzel-like personality of Brooks is expertly weaved and salted with just a hint of compassion to evoke an odd sort of understanding from the viewers .
Mr. Brooks is one deliriously ridiculous movie , and a bona fide contender for status as a camp classic .
When your best character is a serial killer 's imaginary friend , you know your movie 's in trouble .
`` Mr. Brooks '' never fails as compelling drama , but it 's far too busy to ever settle into a coherent focus .
It should provide discriminating audiences the antidote they seek to Clooneys-and-Caribbean fever , while giving Costner 's career a considerable kick in the credibility department .
Evans makes Mr. Brooks the CEO of a box factory -- because who would suspect the CEO of a box factory ? Plus he 's pro-life -- how ironic !
A sinful cinematic experience for fans of classy , canny killers like Hannibal Lecter , Patrick Bateman , and Dexter Morgan .
Mr. Brooks is a curious mix of the campy and the intelligent , of high concept and low psychology . In spite of these contradictions , or perhaps because of them , it works .
The few original ideas tend to get bogged down in a plot that 's slow , convoluted and even more schizophrenic than Mr. Brooks himself .
Overdesigned characters and situations stretch plausibility at every turn .
-LSB- Mr. Brooks -RSB- piles subplot upon subplot , making what should have been a taut , disturbing thriller feel bloated and aimless .
The alter-ego gimmick works nicely thanks to terrific Costner-Hurt teamwork in this gripping , complex thriller .
Bloody disappointing .
If our movies are any guide , we 're a nation of latent serial killers .
Though it 's not as smooth as it might have been and by the close has gotten too clever by half , this trashy thriller delivers the goods more often than not .
Exquisitely constructed , Mr. Brooks is a gorgeous and compelling thriller about a very sympathetic serial killer . ... The story unfolds with the delicious pacing of a carefully prepared feast .
Costner 's best performance ever ! An intelligent , terrific thriller with twists and kinky characters . Costner and Hurt are a sensational team .





@highlight

The setup is intriguing , but Mr. Brooks overstuffs itself with twists and subplots , becoming more preposterous as it goes along .