Neville 's film shows , in effect , how deliberate the founding of an art movement can be . But also how thrilling it is for those at the eye of the storm .
The Cool School is a history of the LA art scene which will be most interesting for those who are involved in it .
Occasionally too reverent , this remains an effective evocation of a vibrant and interesting art scene , not to mention a touching paean to lost youth .
Morgan Neville 's ` The Cool School ' is a slickly packaged document of the burgeoning modern art scene in LA during the late '50s and early '60s which sadly submerges its fascinating subject matter in technical clutter and contrived set-ups .
The Cool School is neither as lively nor as complete as it could be , but as an introduction to modern art , it 's a fine freshman course .
Breezy doc lives up to its title .
Veteran documentarist Morgan Neville 's illustrated history of the painters and sculptors associated with Venice 's Ferus Gallery -LRB- 1957-1967 -RRB- is at once lively and analytical .
Makes the case that there 's more than basket weaving and freeway driving going on in the seedbed of originality we know as the Great Basin of L.A.
Sweeps you off your feet with quick-witted visuals and cleverly used archival footage .
Definitely proves that , contrary to certain opinions , Los Angeles is not a cultural wasteland where fine art is concerned .
Surf 's up in Southern California as the modern art world invades Nixonville and Reagan City in the 1950s . A fascinating look at the start of something big : modern art in Los Angeles .
Thoughtful and thought-provoking .
Diverting .
The Cool School , a breezy , lively documentary about a thin slice of the Los Angeles fine art scene in the 1950s , is easy on the eyes , and the ears too .
Cool School is a must for anyone interested in 20th century American art .
Documentarian Morgan Neville takes an appropriately lively , left-field approach to The Cool School 's eye-opening history of the Beat-era Left Coast art scene -- a lesser-known chapter in the story of American modern art .
All told , and well told , this is essential history .
Largely avoids sharply delineated portraits , with its focus on the scene at the expense of individuals , ultimately resulting in a documentary that does n't rise above the functional .
Though designed more for the devotee of the arts than your average moviegoer , the film is still apt to enthrall even the uninitiated who would n't know a Jackson Pollock from a Willem de Kooning .
No one emerges very well defined from this historical shuffle , but those who know the artists ' works , or names such as Hopps and Blum , but have never heard them speak , will find The Cool School absorbing and informative .
A lively film that does n't linger too long on any one thought or with any one interviewee .
It is a fascinating journey through a piece of art history , the full impact of which may be yet to come .
What The Cool School does so well , through its color accents and black-and-white photography ... is impart a sense of discovery .
Morgan Neville 's quick-paced documentary The Cool School recounts the rise and fall of Ferus Gallery and the mark it made on American art .
... a fun , jazzy look at L.A. 's first real wave of modern artists


@highlight

A breezy and lively modern art documentary , revealing that LA is not a cultural wasteland when it comes to fine art .