Twilight Zone : The Movie fails because it tries to blend the spirit of the TV show into a medium whose spirit has evolved away from subtle storytelling . The result is like trying to merge a Wagner opera with a Debussy sonata .
The problem is not only that the film is divided into four short stories but that each director only gives us a 25 % effort .
Only one thing about Twilight Zone : The Movie still haunts us today , and it was n't intentional .
Where does it land ? A fifth dimension beyond that known to most films . The middle ground between wowing & worthless , between so great & so what , and it lies between the pits of recklessly fatal hubris and the very summit of spirited genre filmmaking .
A bland and lazy rehash of the best episodes of the series ...
If the first half completely lost us , the second effortlessly added a few more sleepless nights to our tally .
TV show is much better ; some mature themes , violence .
The last two segments are genuine bits of magnificence
Plays much like a traditional vaudeville card , what with its tantalizing teaser opening followed by three sketches of increasing quality , all building up to a socko headline act .
A frightfully lopsided omnibus that begins with two wretched episodes by John Landis and Steven Spielberg and finishes with an engrossing pair by Joe Dante and George Miller .
... does n't quite capture the magic of the old television series , but it makes a good stab at trying .
Like all anthology films , this one has its high and low points , and not where you 'd expect .
a roller-coaster homage to adolescence .
The others have a comic strip zeal which makes them intensely watchable , but ultimately it 's left to Mad Max wizard Miller to steal the show .
The surprising thing is , the two superstar directors are thoroughly routed by two less-known directors whose previous credits have been horror and action pictures .
... a flabby , mini-minded behemoth ...
Twilight Zone takes us back to Rod Serling 's television dimension where things are not what they seem and fate is full of devious twists and turns .
Four big-name directors were each to helm a segment , but only Dante 's cheerfully manic It 's a Good Life and Miller 's claustrophobic Nightmare at 20,000 Feet really pass muster .
Flawed and uneven , though George Miller 's finale is a hoot .
Despite the deaths , it 's a decent film
Uneven adaptation of classic TV series . Some stories work , others do n't , but Scatman Crothers steals his vignette .
Even with big name additions and direction and huge budgets , this project was destined for mediocrity .
Miller -LSB- leaves -RSB- no doubt that he was the finest stylist to emerge in the early 80s , with a sense of narrative rhythm linked to visual development that is wholly original and ravishing .














@highlight

The Twilight Zone : The Movie suffers from the typical anthology-film highs and lows ; thankfully , the former outnumber the latter .