The first of three films to pair the comedy team with Universal 's monsters . Moderately amusing .
A masterpiece filled with raucous laughs , great spooks , and a wicked final scene .
This is the best of the boys ' efforts , allowing them to go for the nyuks yet never diminishing the standing of the classic Universal Studios monsters that figure in its plot .
While the the film is representative of the absolute worst of Universal horror ... it is one of the very best Abbott and Costello vehicles .
Well-constructed and satisfyingly low
It 's ridiculous , of course , but the combination of classic monsters , dizzy sets and some of Bud and Lou 's funniest bits make it a keeper .
The comedy duo 's finest onscreen hour comes in the shape of this wonderful horror spoof which also unites all of Universal 's scariest horror heroes under the same cinematic roof .
A little bit of going through the motions with this horror spoof but fans will enjoy
After this film 's considerable success at the box office , Abbott and Costello made seven more pictures in which they ` met ' Hollywood monsters , but none were as lively and entertaining as this one .
This 1948 effort is probably the last of their watchable films , though it 's a long way from their best .
The notion of having these two clowns run afoul of the famous screen monster is a good laugh in itself . But take this gentle warning : get the most out of that one laugh while you can , because the picture , at Loew 's Criterion , does not contain many more .
THE best of Abbott and Costello 's zany films , this time with Lugosi and Chaney playing their monsters seriously , which makes A&C 's reactions hilarious .
Classic horror movie spoof .
The best of all the 35 Abbott and Costello movies made between 1940 and 1956 .
One of the funniest comedies in the couple 's long series of films that use Universal 's classic horrors .
A classic mixture of horror and comedy , one of the best in this genre and one of A&C 's finest moments .
This is one of the best of all the Abbott and Costello features .
Superior Abbott and Costello vehicle with great Bela Lugosi Dracula performance .
Even contemporary audiences ca n't help but laugh at this .
One of the duo 's most crowd-pleasing adventures .
Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein shows off both the comedy team and the monsters at their best , ranking in my book with Ghostbusters as one of the best horror-comedies ever .
... much of it is silly , but I think you 'll find it as entertaining now as I did fifty years ago .




@highlight

A zany horror spoof that plays up and then plays into the best of Universal horror cliches .