A dazzling performance by Julianne Moore , backed by Samuel L. Jackson . A strong supporting performance by Edie Falco . The story is overwrought and uneven , but those performances had me interested from beginning to end .
Ridiculous
`` Freedomland '' is an infuriating movie made worse by incomprehensible monologues from its deranged protagonist .
As an excuse to examine urban malaise at novel length , this premise works ; as a film drama , it feels both overlong and sketchy .
Clunky , disjointed and with a couple of subplots that linger and then vanish .
A compelling , beautifully written and impossible-to-put-down book has been turned into a mediocre film that seems self-important and listless .
An intensely engrossing melodrama , despite its ultimately squandering an opportunity to deliver an emotional payoff .
As I sat there watching the final slow motion image of a young man framed against the flames of a burning refrigerator box I could n't help but think , `` boy , I should have gone and seen Eight Below instead . ''
Not much of this is new territory , but it can be gripping at times .
Filme triste de temática complexa , surpreende por ter sido dirigido por um cineasta normalmente incompetente e traz performances brilhantes de Jackson e Falco -LRB- já Moore , apenas correta , carrega na caracterização -RRB- .
This mixed-up , self-important thriller is adapted by Richard Price from his own novel and wastes a talented cast .
Freedomland is a drama that plays like an episode of a TV cop show stretched beyond its limits .
Richard Price 's dual plot , of the investigation and the escalating racial tensions that surround it , befuddles director Joe Roth from the very start .
Moviemakers who exploit the suffering and death of children to ratchet up the dramatic stakes belong in the innermost circle of hell , but Freedomland -- clumsy and overwrought as it is -- earns the right to its harrowing trajectory .
Freedomland might just play to the MTV generation , but even they 'll likely have trouble swallowing this particularly clumsy pill .
Flabby , dull and overlong , it 's a B-grade movie with A-list talent and an inflated idea of its own importance . Think Tsotsi crossed with Clockers with the imagination of neither .
Promises much but does n't connect in the same way as another recent film with racial themes , Crash .
Freedomland has an extremely strong opening sequence but its intriguing premise is quickly squandered in favour of overwritten speeches and a series of boring , nonsensical scenes that seem to go nowhere .
-LSB- The -RSB- thematic material is so far beyond -LSB- director Joe -RSB- Roth 's reach , you feel that even offering him a stepladder would n't help .
If nothing else , Freedomland tries very hard to be a good film .
This movie manages the unfortunate feat of taking the luminous Julianne Moore and miscasting her badly .
This film just ca n't escape the feeling that it 's loitering in an emergency zone .
... a rare instance of big-budget adult drama in a business that seems about ready to give up on such things entirely .
Freedomland aspires to the topical and social relevance of a Spike Lee film , but Joe Roth is not up to the challenge .
Roth takes hackneyed situations and clichéd dialogue and makes them play worse on the screen , even managing to get a bad performance from Moore -- no mean feat .
Operates not from the vantage of social critique but of utter evasion : the sacralization of the filmmakers ' own ignorance .
Considering the fact that remakes are all the rage these days , maybe someone will get the bright idea to redo Freedomland and give it the treatment that it deserves .
Unfortunately , what the film is emblematic of is the Hollywood 's utter detachment from the real world and actual current events .
Freedomland is sloppy ; plot points are introduced , then left dangling ; characters who are involved throughout most of the feature simply disappear ...
What begins as a familiar kind of media-circus melodrama ends up being something much more complex and tangled .
Moore 's excruciating performance will give pause to anyone who thinks ` the method ' is n't without its madness .
A muddled , over-ambitious mess .
Price 's bustling script and the actors provide enough drama to overcome the terrible direction by Joe Roth .
A dour , humorless , clunky , reductive , insulting diatribe on race relations , masquerading as a kidnap melodrama . Or maybe it 's the other way around .
In the end , the good things about Freedomland become obscured in the film 's desire to be altogether too much .
Somehow `` Freedomland '' manages to balance issues of drug abuse , racism , missing children , loneliness and activism without becoming lost .
For fans of Price 's novel , sitting through Roth 's incompetent big-screen blow-out feels like watching an old friend get kicked to death by a pack of drooling imbeciles .
Wants to do too much with too little and ends up doing too little with too much .
A sometimes heavy-handed urban drama punctuated by some devastatingly effective scenes .
The performances all around are lousy -- histrionic and turgid , a most lethal combination .
Freedomland is full of hauntings , institutional and personal , with Brenda burdened at last with speaking some version of `` truth . ''
Jackson and Moore act their heads off as the movie sinks around them
Jackson , Moore and Falco keep things from ever becoming too tedious even with a made for TV plot for a film .
I had a hard time remembering it the day after I saw it .
So why then does Freedomland feel like an artificial , manipulative and over-indulgent social commentary on race-baiting cynicism ?
As with Spike Lee 's New York-set Clockers ... Freedomland is suffused with a similar , musky mix of race , class , crime and local political considerations .
The firm , steady presence of Karen Collucci -LRB- Falco -RRB- , a leader of a volunteer group that looks for lost children gives a glimpse of what an interesting movie this could have been if it had not faltered under director Joe Roth 's self-conscious ambitions .
A Mickey Mouse Club therapy session .
How dare the man behind the camera of the intolerable `` Christmas With the Kranks '' tell Samuel L. Jackson what to do ?
The film feels like a series of missed opportunities , like great moments that almost happened but were cut short before they had a chance to make their impact .
An unpleasant , strident film marred further by unpleasant , strident performances .
Freedomland wants to be about racism and madness , and I suppose it is , but the script provides too little information about the characters to make us care , or to draw parallels between them and ourselves .
Freedomland is , at best , a noble failure , which leaves the charred aftertaste of a burned opportunity .
Freedomland , a crime drama that 's by turns grittily evocative , maddeningly obvious , and clichéd , but which gets an immeasurable lift from Jackson 's majestic performance .
The thing that makes Freedomland riveting is the way in which its tale of human tragedy unfolds .
A personal tragedy and the national tragedy of racism go hand-in-hand in Freedomland , an affecting drama thinly disguised as a crime thriller .
Alternately histrionic and muddled , the racially charged drama Freedomland never resonates as it should .
Moore is moving , but the film is a flogging fiasco .
What saves Freedomland are the individual scenes and the interplay of people .
Freedomland , -- is a jittery , overwrought drama that does all it can to vanquish the fine performances lurking within it .
Freedomland is a good idea that got out of control .
Despite the hot-button issues and go-for-broke emoting , Freedomland ultimately feels didactic rather than urgent .
A precedent of sorts can be found in 2003 's The Life of David Gale ... It was similarly hung out to dry in February by a major studio .
Freedomland , though , is n't quite there -- producer-turned-director Joe Roth has yet to prove directing is his natural element .
Freedomland is so well-acted , so poignantly written , that you can almost forget its excesses and shortcomings and embrace it for what it is -- a serious writer 's exploration of racism , cop mob mentality and the mechanics of guilt .
Freedomland is the worst kind of bad movie : one that thinks it 's important .
Freedomland , the movie , does n't flow at all . Joe Roth , who as a director makes an excellent producer , tries hard and you can see the effort throughout .
The movie it 's in is n't wonderful , but Moore always is .
Freedomland is the kind of dispiriting February botch that makes you wonder if mainstream Hollywood would be better off abandoning serious subjects to the world of specialized film .
The film is dark and claustrophobic , and so confined in its location as to seem more like an adaptation of a play than a novel .
Freedomland wears its significance on its sleeve . If it were a boat , it would capsize under the weight of its self-importance .
The compression renders Freedomland as a slight , not entirely engaging mystery with slight overtones about the dangers of racial profiling .
Freedomland underplays an already muddled race card , using parental pain as the sole emotion capable of crossing the divide between blacks and whites .
Freedomland , a movie with a lot on its mind and too much on its plate .
In short , an overwhelmingly joyless movie consumed with its own sense of importance .
Both a solemn search for a dead child and a violent race riot are scored with celestial keyboard washes and choral harmonies intended to imbue the scenes with Significance .
Freedomland starts at such a fever pitch that it has nowhere to go -- except over the top .
Too bad the movie sees race politics as a mere plot device . Moore sobs incessantly and Jackson angrily shouts things like Kiss my black ass ! as it all descends into cop cliche .
It tries hard and means well . And I could n't hardly wait for it to end . Freedomland falls short as entertainment .
Situations that should have great emotional impact drag on into embarrassing shrillness ; moments that are supposed to be heavy become leaden .
Freedomland is not an opportunity denied , just squandered .
Freedomland is a garbled , ripped-from-the-headlines mess of Susan Smith meets the L.A. riots . If you 're mad that I 've spoiled the ending , than I wo n't further ruin your day by telling you what happens after you wind up a jack-in-the-box ...
What , a white woman ca n't take an innocent drive through the ghetto without arousing suspicion ? What 's this world coming to ?
Roth 's ham-fisted approach here suggests that he is trying to stage his own version of Clint Eastwood 's overrated , Oscar-nominated Mystic River .
The ` truth may be hiding where no one dares to look ' , but you 'd be better off if you did n't even bother trying to find it here .
Like too many recent movies , Freedomland does n't know how or when to end , but it has some emotional impact , and it 's not shy about dealing with race in volatile ways .
Freedomland entertains with smarts , reminding us that the resolution of one mystery does n't necessarily snuff out the fuse it ignited .
Therein lies the difference with this taut film ; it acts like a conventional thriller , but becomes much more complex as it unravels its complicated , uncomfortable truth .
The complication in Freedomland arises out of Brenda 's hysteria , which is so extreme that we doubt her story even before we 've bought into it , and from the movie 's dogged , booby-trapped demonstration of the sins of racism .
Freedomland is an overblown drama that leads nowhere , despite its fervent attempts at hard-hitting social commentary .
First-rate actors bail out second-rate directors all the time , and Freedomland serves as the latest example .
The film does n't lose its way emotionally ; it 's full of great monologues about loss and responsibility .
Freedomland , an overblown urban crime drama that should be a lot better than it is .
Freedomland sacrifices pace and emotional momentum in favor of long , stagy sequences in which the principals recite lengthy speeches .
` Freedomland ' thinks it is igniting a powder keg of class and racial issues , but the movie relies on a faulty fuse - namely , director Joe Roth .
Freedomland features something I never expected to see : a bad performance by Julianne Moore .
a mishmash of histrionics and badly staged confrontations ... Roth ... botches a story that a director like Spike Lee or Martin Scorsese might have turned into a provocative shocker .
a confusing and uninspiring movie that leaves you cold despite the best efforts of two otherwise talented actors
Not a miserable failure , but a failure nonetheless ... preachy and unfocused .
a police procedural that understands ... the lines between victims and perps are neither bright nor wide
Price has had to greatly pare back his novel ... but he and Roth do n't seem to have figured out what this movie ... is going to be about , hopping from issue to issue .
What starts off as a kidnapping thriller twists back and forth so often that it seems to get dizzy and forget what it 's about .
The uncommon flavor and unconventional rhythms of Price 's writing make Freedomland compelling .
It 's a big lumpy mess of a movie , with a screaming , crying and babbling Moore at the center providing the unintentional laughs .
Roth winds up making a mockery of the weighty topics through his ham-fisted mistreatment of them , and he never manages to make any kind of point .
Without the fanfare of award-bating media hype to act as a blanket , Freedomland is fully revealed to be the anemic , idiotically observed film that it is .
The realities of the story are like those of real life . They 're complicated . Pardon the pun , but nothing is ever so black and white .
Part cop drama , part race drama , part women-who-need-healing drama , all over the place .
Bungled just enough to make Freedomland a disappointing glimpse at what could have been .
It began as a moody , dark thriller and made an abrupt about-face to become a message movie , but at that point there was nothing in its dramatic arsenal .
It looks like director Joe Roth saw Crash and said , ` I can make a socially meaningful movie , too ! ' He ca n't .
-LSB- Julianne Moore -RSB- spends the entire film walking the razor 's edge : gauging the difference between brilliance and disaster before assertively losing her balance .
it 's satisfyingly chilling the places this movie dares to go
There are places where you can see a subtler , angrier picture trying to kick its way out of the one you 're watching .
Samuel L. Jackson , Julianne Moore and Edie Falco deliver the grand-slam performances largely missing from this year 's Oscar lineup .
Even with an ideal cast and a script by Price himself , Roth lacks the sensibility to capture the subtle tensions between the black residents of a tenement project and the working-class whites in a neighboring city .
Steer clear of Freedomland , the movie . Your time would be better spent reading Richard Price 's much more compelling 1998 novel .
Like most Price movies , it 's challenging , engaging and free of the usual thriller cliches .
But none of it is realized , none of it comes together , Roth turning long stretches into uninteresting shouting matches revolving around arguments we 've seen far too many times before .
Freedomland , written by Richard Price from his novel of the same name , directed by Joe Roth and produced by Scott Rudin , purports to be a social study of racial tensions straining under the weight of a highly publicized , hot-button tragedy .
Moore and Jackson are in top form and hold the attention throughout . They make you wish that ` Freedomland ' had a tighter screenplay .
Freedomland is hampered by a script so full of holes it might as well have been written on Swiss cheese .
All the mechanisms are in place , but the juice is sorely lacking .
Roth takes three powerhouse actors -- Julianne Moore as the mother , Samuel L. Jackson as the cop who interrogates her and Edie Falco as another woman who lost her son -- and reduces their talents to rubble and their characters to screeching cliches .
Freedomland , a lethally dull drama about a white child who may have gone missing in a New Jersey public housing complex , is an early candidate for worst film of the year .
Suffers from a terminal case of obviousness . Ostensibly a mystery , it is actually a thinly veiled sermonette on racism in America and on fascist police .
The film is filled with good performances , though most of them are frittered away by director Joe Roth , who can never find a focus for the story .
In Roth 's hands , Freedomland is a civics lesson disguised as a police drama , shrouded in a mystery that 's not very mysterious to anyone who has seen the trailer .
A monumentally overwrought story of child endangerment , racial antagonism , mob violence and police brutality , it provides some of our finest actors the opportunity to behave like bug-eyed , tinfoil-hat-wearing loonies .
Director Joe Roth pumps up the hysteria and the racial rumbles , but a cooler hand would have made for a hotter movie .
What could have been an unusually smart police procedural becomes a sprawling , overwrought melodrama that itself morphs into a sort of spiritual romance .
Shallow and utterly irrelevant .
As more and more plot lines , characters and possibilities enter the picture , Freedomland loses sight of the tensions that set it in motion in the first place .
Freedomland would like to be a Crash-like , shades-of-gray drama about race , but it 's contrived and obvious .
A heap of prodigious talent in an orgy of compensatory overacting .
Freedomland assembles the elements for a superior thriller , but were the instructions lost when the box was opened ?
A blunt , awkward , wannabe Important Movie , Freedomland bludgeons its good ideas into a pulp of overacting , overdirection and black-and-white characterizations in a story meant to be shaded in gray .
In the end , Freedomland merely pits Some of Us against Some of Them , and you do n't have to be a detective to know that 's a big cop-out .
earnest , ponderous and dull , except for those interludes when it 's being dull and witless
It would have starred Joan Crawford in another lifetime , and it 's doomed for the same cult appeal in a few years hence .
Watchable as it is , Freedomland comes to very little , because it keeps showing you the seams of its good intentions .
Wants very much , as Spike Lee might say , to do the right thing , and it 's truly unfortunate that it goes so wrong .
This powerful drama sometimes loses its way , quite tragically , due to a rare scenery-chewing performance from Julianne Moore
Shady stereotypes , conventional images and a surplus of dangling tangents stall the action .
Even if you 're into the Price school of screenwriting , Freedomland pushes its luck .
A moving portrait of hurting souls , brought to life in compelling performances .
Brimming with high ambitions but disjointed and ultimately unsatisfying .
It takes an especially inept director to get such a hysterical and unsympathetic performance from Julianne Moore and such a rambling and messy picture out of Richard Price 's timely and explosive novel .




@highlight

Poorly directed and overacted , Freedomland attempts to address sensitive race and class issues but its overzealousness misses the mark .