Never complex enough to work as an allegory of the complex relationship between India and Pakistan .
The general consensus was , while it was beautifully shot , it lacked heart .
Midnight 's Children is a vibrant epic that spans about 30 years and has a cast of thousands .
In dream-like meetings , the diverse gang of `` Midnight 's Children '' first embodies divisions across culture , class , and politics , but as the story unfolds , it reveals where unity has the potential to be restored .
There 's nothing to hang onto here . Most scenes last only two or three minutes , and events do n't accrue so much as they just pig-pile on top of one another .
Amidst all the exuberance on screen , a major literary work has been given a new and accessible form of life .
A miniseries might have been able to knock this story out of the park , but the movie is a solid double .
A film bloated by excess material .
The effort to pack an already overstuffed picaresque epic into a film of more than two hours ends up an indigestible stew .
Rushdie 's script is faithful to his source novel to a fault . The lesson is that writers revisiting their work for another medium sometimes ca n't see the story for the words ...
A highly eventful , allegorical portrait of the contentious dual nature of the Indian subcontinent .
Teeming with personality and digestible flights of fancy , only to be crushed by the overall narrative responsibility , unable to juggle faces and places to satisfaction .
A sprawling , lumbering epic that manages to preserve a substantial amount of the book 's content but achieves little of its magic .
The film is beautifully shot , with vivid production design . But because of the tale 's lack of cohesion , it does n't carry enough emotional heft .
Faithfully adapted from Salman Rushdie 's award-winning 1981 novel , the movie feels both too packed and too slight , overflowing with vivid details but lacking the structure to support their weight .
Rushdie adeptly trims his sprawling tale down to a still-substantial 2 1/2 - hour movie , which only occasionally seems to hurry .
There are enough intermittent passages of power and beauty to get you through the slow spots .
A pretty but staidly linear epic drained of the novel 's larkish , metaphorical sweep , and a collection of multi-generational love stories lacking their originally eccentric , fizzy charm .
Mehta has given us something as pale as it is panoramic .
Rushdie 's characteristic antic humor animates the family scenes , but the movie gets bogged down in endless plot convolutions and whimsy -LRB- the material would have worked better as a TV miniseries -RRB- .
Stirring , beautifully filmed and highly personal history of India does right by Salman Rushdie 's celebrated novel .
In its steady great-books way , the film is often truthful and moving .
A movie that , if never exactly dull , feels drained of the mythic juice that powers the book , which won the Booker Prize in 1981 .
The cinematography is memorably vibrant , and the performances are solid , even if they pass by too swiftly . Most of all , of course , the subject matter remains fascinating .
Both dreamy and dramatic , a fascinating view of Indian history seen through the prism of a personal story .
Midnight 's Children has the paradoxical misfortune of being both too rushed and too wearingly long .
So lavish and unwieldy is the book , Rushdie 's best , that a film of it ca n't help but feel like a helpless reduction , like a bucket of water passed off as an ocean .
An ambitious film conveying the complicated and violent early history of India and Pakistan through the stories of two boys born on independence day .
Overproduced .
It 's a vibrant journey , but not a terribly illuminating one .
The film is ambitious and often sumptuous to watch but not always dramatically satisfying .
Deepa Mehta 's respectful approach to the material may meander and simplify , but it gradually gains in emotional power , building into a moving account of a man whose many experiences mirror the growing pains of an independent India .
Preserves much of the novel 's intricacy and human drama , perhaps due to Salman Rushdie 's involvement as co-screenwriter , even if it remains singularly unremarkable from a cinematic perspective .
With an over-written screenplay and far too much material for audiences to digest , this film proves the rule that authors should n't adapt their own books into movies .
Considering Midnight 's Children is bound up in notions of identity , it is faintly disastrous that this adaptation should be so lacking in one of its own .
The film is stunningly beautiful . And the story retains at least some of the elements that made the novel so special in its imagination , ambition and scope .
There is not enough space here to detail the plot , which is basically about two boys whose paths are swapped on the evening of India 's independence .
Lacks soul , imagination and even basic logic .
There are some beautiful moments and some decent performances , but it 's also something of a slog and ultimately fails to engage on an emotional level .
Midnight 's Children is the perfect medley of story , cast and characterisation infused with Rushdie 's poetic brilliance .
Mehta has a painterly eye , giving her images a mythological beauty and tender sensuality .
Thanks to Rushdie 's sensitive handling of his own material , this is an adaptation big in both ideas and heart .
As a film and novel , Midnight 's Children is a great baggy work ...
The swirl of history is often too much for the intimacy on display , and the result is decidedly ponderous in places . Yet this is a handsome , well-produced and thoughtfully designed epic .
There 's enough here to entertain - and to send audiences back to the book .
Everything here needed enriching , amping up , amplifying out . Less is n't always more ; sometimes more is more .
Mehta fudges the political allegory in favour of the story 's magical realism , but still ca n't get her arms around the material - or past Rushdie 's own bear-hug .
Solid may ultimately be the best word for this pleasing , middlebrow adaptation of Rushdie 's ` unfilmable ' book .
There 's humour and heart here , but it 's an overlong tale as meandering as the Ganges .
A series of pretty , disconnected scenes . At worst , it becomes D-movie Dickens , devolving into semi-broad , semi-quirky comedy , poorly sketched-out coincidence , and a bad X-Men plot . The book is drained of its allusive , allegorical and dramatic force .
-LSB- I -RSB- t 's almost never a good idea to let novelists adapt their own fiction for the screen . A cold distant appraisal of what works onscreen and what does n't is required , and it 's not fair to expect writers to be so brutal with their babies .
Watchable without ever feeling essential .
Deepa Mehta has crafted an epic , visually pleasing tale weaving politics , colourful splendour , romantic love and magic with her most ambitious film to date ...
Rather more virtuosity behind the camera was required to induce the desired hypnotic effect . Deepa Mehta just is n't up to it .
Midnight 's Children has moments of brilliance , kept from greatness by a narrative out of reach .
A ghastly , shockingly inept piece of filmmaking .
Director Deepa Mehta slathers proceedings in a haze of period whimsy - sometimes engaging , sometimes less so .
Feels like sumptuously-illustrated Cliffs Notes rather than fluid cinema .

@highlight

Though Midnight 's Children is beautiful to look at and poignant in spots , its script is too indulgent and Deepa Mehta 's direction , though ambitious , fails to bring the story together cohesively .