While it is still plagued by many of the same problems of the first film , Underworld : Evolution is generally an improvement over the original and an entertaining diversion .
Yes , I 'll admit , it 's better than the first film , but really not by much .
Nudity and excessive exposition accompany gore-infused visual f/x in this splashy modern Goth extravaganza .
Overall , Underworld : Evolution is a vast improvement over its predecessor Underworld -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , even if it generally suffers from the twin evils of stupidity and seriousness .
It never lives up to the potential of its premise about a centuries-old war between rival clans of vampires and werewolves .
... the series continues to squander its undeniably irresistible premise of vampires and werewolves duking it out ...
This is one of the more maddening franchises going right now , because so much potential is being wasted by director Len Wiseman , who ca n't seem to get the formula right .
I 'm thinking about hair color after just having seen an action-horror movie ; that 's a bad sign .
Underworld films are a highly specialized taste , and those who 've acquired it know who they are . Everyone else should give this one a wide berth .
Not a lot to recommend this sequel .
The movie is intermittently entertaining and often gory but rarely exciting .
The plot is so convoluted that missing even five minutes at a stretch wo n't make any difference in your comprehension of the story .
full review in Greek
The digital critters look much better than in the first film , it 's fun seeing Derek Jacobi and Bill Nighy vamp it up , and the sight of Kate in that suit makes it worth squinting through all the murk .
It 's interesting and very telling that in the credits the actors are named last . It 's Wiseman 's way of acknowledging his films are not about performances but special effects .
I ca n't even begin to divulge the storyline because it 's mostly unfathomable .
Takes itself way too seriously and relies way too heavily on its `` multi-generational gothic soap opera '' exposition volleys that crop up whenever someone 's *** is not being kicked .
Evolution 's action sequences are as horribly bungled as its plot , resulting in a string of repetitive confrontations that feel toothless even by the last movie 's standards .
There is n't much that is new or fresh about Underworld Evolution ...
Loud , dark , and hopelessly enmeshed in loop-de-loop arcing plot mechanics that create more confusion than tension .
... triste constatar que qualquer bobagem pode dar origem a uma série caso obtenha um sucesso - mesmo moderado - de bilheteria .
See it if you dig on action , vampires , werewolves , a little bit of story and plenty of bloody fun .
Silly fun but still , it 's fun !
.
Just one big bloody mess .
The murkily atmospheric sets resemble the ruins and prisons of Piranesi .
Just how much of the 105-minute running time of Underworld : Evolution , the sequel to the titular 2003 film , is actually a new movie is debatable since a good deal is told in flashback .
So dedicated to its ludicrously convoluted plot that it takes half an hour to explain what the hell is going on .
-LSB- Underworld : Evolution is -RSB- silly and ... not as good as the first film but at least it has plenty of action in it to keep the Friday night crowd happy .
It 's not quite quick enough to be anywhere near as gloomily engaging as the cast 's original outing .
A worthy sequel and a bloody good ride .
Underworld : Evolution is what an Uwe Boll movie would look like if Sony 's money were behind it rather than German financiers and if it lacked any unintended laughs .
It 's like the story of Father Abraham if it were crazy and incoherant .
The movie is n't funny or campy or terribly exciting or very interesting , but it 's not egregiously dimwitted or insulting , either .
Despite a better story this time , director Len Wiseman follows the same action-movie formula .
Underworld goes overboard .
An impressive bat-winged vampire king , Kate Beckinsale in skintight pleather , complicated but simpleminded plotting , death by helicopter blade , etc. .
Not much has changed since you last saw the Death Dealer Selene -LRB- Kate Beckinsale -RRB- .
I dare anyone to follow the plot , which manages , like some ill-baked meringue , to be both too light on the surface and too densely clotted underneath .
A monster chiller sequel that is visually spectacular but rather overburdened with story .
There 's nothing new under the sun -- or out of it -- as vampire movies go .
For all the scenes of gory mayhem , you 'll find more suspense watching the Winter Olympics curling event .
True to its title , Underworld : Evolution represents a modest learning curve for director Len Wiseman , who advances from the inept awfulness of his first vampire-versus-werewolf idiocy to the determined mediocrity of this incomprehensible follow-up .
With Underworld and its sequel Underworld : Evolution , Len Wiseman proves that he 's more than capable of giving Uwe Boll a run for his money for the title of World 's Worst Living Genre Filmmaker .
The whole thing unfolds like a video game , and would probably be more fun to play than to watch , though the proceedings are reasonably entertaining
As always , Beckinsale remains a beautiful void -- one with all the right curves and not a glimmer of personality ... a pretty , porcelain nothing .
Mind numbingly boring . I 'm still awaiting the return of werewolves in trousers -- like Lon Chaney Jr. and Henry Hull .
... the series never expands on the promise of its one innovation .
There 's no guiding power at work here ; it 's Evolution without a shred of intelligent design .
What 's Kate Beckinsale doing in a movie like this ? Oh yeah , her husband directed it
Cool , maybe . But it 's also utterly stupid
True to its serial roots , this equally silly but undeniably entertaining sequel to Underworld -LRB- 2003 -RRB- picks up right where its high-grossing predecessor left off and offers more of the same ...
... despite an admirable attempt to test the boundaries of the genre , the continuing saga about the war between the vampires and the werewolves is humorless , too confusing and not particularly fun to watch .
Underworld : Evolution is representative of the ` modern ' vampire movie -- loud , violent , and raucous .
Derivative in the extreme , this labored snore of a supernatural-action film is a needlessly convoluted pastiche of tired elements from both The Matrix and Blade trilogies .
... this Underworld sequel has only piled on the things that made its predecessor annoying : Heavy-handed backstory and aimless , affectless mayhem .
As far as gratuitous follow-ups go , it is neither evolution nor devolution . A more appropriate title is Underworld : Stagnation .
With leads who strain to manage one facial expression between them , and a cinematographer shooting everything through the same steel-blue filter , Underworld : Evolution is a monotonous barrage of computer-generated fur and fangs .
Director Len Wiseman , formerly of the music-video world , is still stuck on music-video logic : Throw in awesome-looking stuff , throw in more awesome-looking stuff , do n't worry so much about connecting anything .
... a movie that beats you over the head until you -- along with all the fanged and furry beasts of the future -- are senseless .
As with Underworld : Evolution 's 2003 predecessor , you leave the theatre feeling as if the filmmakers are still back there , with PowerPoint flow charts , explaining the flashback-intensive plotline ...
... while Evolution has an interesting enough setup , the payoff is underwhelming , unevolved and far from otherworldly .
The script ... is n't particularly interesting ...
A slightly better movie than its predecessor , but honestly , that 's not saying much .
works as a mindless exercise in popcorn filmmaking , but fails in every attempt to be something more than just a quickie sequel .
` I did all my own stunts , ' said Kate , by which she primarily meant the one called ` acting . '
It 's nice to watch a femme-driven action piece that does n't completely suck -LRB- except in ways it should -RRB-
Time was when I looked forward to , well , sinking my teeth into a good scary vampire film .
Evolution ? Not quite .
If you enjoyed the first , you 'll find things to enjoy about this one .
-LSB- nothing -RSB- can help a film that has blithely discarded a coherent plot or any sort of logic , internal , external , or even whimsical .
You get the sense that second time director Len Wiseman has no idea what it was that audiences liked so much about his original movie in the first place .
There are absolutely no werewolf chicks to hang out with . The vampires have all the ladies , who leap around in tight leather and often partake in wild orgies in dark catacombs .
This is one sequel that has devolved into the realm of the boring instead of evolving into something great .
An incoherent mess covered in sticky , goopy blood without one interesting action scene or fresh stunt .
There 's a reason why Kate is front and center on the poster ... and no other reason whatsoever to spend money on the movie it 's promoting .
Pic should please a fan base that has grown during original 's international theatrical and homevid roll-out .
While a slight improvement over its beautifully gothic , hopelessly empty predecessor , Underworld : Evolution retains many of that picture 's problems .
... there 's little wit or genuine suspense to elevate the proceedings above the level of a cheesy comic book .
It 's round two of the battle between vampires and werewolves . I wo n't reveal who wins , but the audience certainly loses .
So this is what eternal damnation feels like .
Devoid of its predecessor 's proletariat-aristocracy allegorical undercurrents and beset by more perplexing flashbacks than a Timothy Leary apprentice .
Comes off as a slight improvement over the original , if only because the stake lodged up its hindquarters seems to measure a few millimeters smaller .
What gratuitous guilty pleasures Underworld promised , Evolution delivers . Indulge .
If you listen to Marilyn Manson , read Fangoria magazine , and do all your clothes shopping at Hot Topic , then Underworld : Evolution is the movie for you . All others need n't bother .
I suppose bloodlust is enough excuse for anyone willing to endure 105 minutes of monster derby , but really : Who are these characters ?
... Underworld : Evolution registers visually but is n't alive enough to cast a reflection or shadow .
A war between vampires and werewolves was sort of cool once . But twice ?
`` Violent femme Selene delivers the gory goods . ''
almost indistinguishable from the first installment ... functions primarily as Wiseman 's multimillion-dollar love letter to Beckinsale ...
If 2003 's Underworld looked and felt like a movie that should have been based on a comic book , than Underworld : Evolution , opening today , is a movie that looks and feels like something that should have been a video game .
Murky , uneven , and filled with an extravagant , needless backstory that would make Tolkien double take , Evolution fails to live up to the promise the original film made .
Underworld : Evolution was a huge step up from the first film . But then again , there was n't really much room to get any worse .
` Evolution ' is certainly a bad film , but at least it revels in its badness with a sly smile .
all about the gore , blood and killing with some prurient , but ultimately disappointing , titillation thrown in . Sadly , some people will take that as an endorsement instead of as a condemnation .
Somehow manages to be both louder and dumber than the original .
it 's hard to drum up the enthusiasm to call it anything more than a hybrid of unnecessary and average .
Stylish , but does n't really re-imagine the vampire genre , cluttering the screen with creatures that no longer shock or surprise us . It 's also a bit too long to pack a mean punch .





@highlight

A visual and aural assault on the senses , this vampire-werewolf sequel makes a lot of noise and features a heavy-handed , overly convoluted story .