The picture it manages to assemble packs such a punch that it gives new meaning to `` going clear . '' Jaw-dropping , indeed .
Gibney makes another attempt to hole and sink -LSB- Scientology -RSB- . Hooray for him .
Amongst a field of analysis which examines Scientology as a cabal of rich wackos gone wild on the taxpayer 's dime , Going Clear thrives .
It 's a grand history lesson , and an impressively vigorous op-ed ; but is it cinema ? Reader , I do not wish to say that it is .
Gibney boils it down with skill , his cutting , construction , graphics , and score smoothly and seductively encapsulating Scientology 's appeal .
An indispensable general history of the enduringly controversial church .
... a fair-minded expose that is decades overdue .
For those who know almost nothing about the sinister side of Scientology-presuming there is any other side than the sinister side-Going Clear will be a terrific revelation .
The film is a harrowing one , yet incomplete and one-sided , as is the nature of any film in which a secretive organization seeks to control the narrative .
... a fair-minded expose that is decades overdue .
Most viewers will likely have personal bug-bears about wishing more time was spent on specific moments , but this is a broad and effective piece of work that will make your eyes pop and your stomach churn .
Prolific documentarian Alex Gibney wrote , directed , produced and narrated the sometimes astonishing HBO production , Going Clear .
This is a shocking , well documented expose of scientology , it 's teachings and practices , especially its history of retaliation against whistleblowers .
The film grips utterly for its two hours and sets forth nothing less than a polemic on the dangers of religious extremism .
Director Alex Gibney methodically pieces together extensive interviews with those who were once senior members of the church to get to the bottom of the group 's modus operandi .
The creep factor here is the old , musty variety that comes from old furniture and plastic flowers , funeral homes and yellow-toothed youth pastors , and it all stems directly from L. Ron Hubbard 's ghostly presence in the film through archival material .
Informative - and frequently worrying - although not particularly cinematic .
The heart of the documentary centers on alleged physical abuse of church members , with some of them being placed in a facility known as `` the hole '' and made to participate in humiliating disciplinary games .
-LSB- Going Clear -RSB- does n't merely peek under the church 's zealously maintained guise . It disrobes this controversial religion to reveal an emperor without clothes , an organization that runs on fear and weakness .
It 's not a sense of outrage that viewers are left with . It 's sadness .
These stories , coupled with the church 's history of attacking critics and its criminal activity in securing its tax-free status , make for a hair-raising , but all too credible , exposé .
What it lacks in original detail it makes up for in the power of repetition -LRB- a lot of people went through the same trauma -RRB- , and the emotive resonance of seeing the church 's survivors and reformed enforcers .
Chilling , damning stuff .
Alex Gibney 's film , like Wright 's book , is a useful contribution to what looks more and more like an urgent social priority : the push to discourage people from praising the chains that bind them .
It may be a documentary but Going Clear is as incredible as anything Hollywood could dream up .
In which the world 's most dauntless documentary-maker takes on the world 's most litigious religion -LRB- we 'd call it a cult but we do n't want to get sued -RRB- .
Confirms all negative inklings you may have about this purportedly shady organisation .
Bring me Louis Theroux ! There are many moments during this disappointing depiction of Scientology where you may be crying out that very same plea .
Gibney , despite his overly personal stamp , has presented as comprehensive a study of a deliberately secretive organisation as it possible at this point in time .
Alas , Alex Gibney 's Going Clear : Scientology and the Prison of Belief is merely a competent and informative documentary , a snappy collation of everything you 've already heard and read about L Ron Hubbard 's dubious money-spinning , ahem , `` religion '' .
Gibney is too subtle and diligent a film-maker to indulge in a one-sided hatchet-job . The tone of Going Clear is inquisitive , not sensationalist .
Many faiths make space for doubt . Alex Gibney 's Going Clear : Scientology And The Prison Of Belief demonstrates that one belief system uses it as a weapon .
A documentary that simply draws a picture of an organisation that is wealthy , secretive and controlling , a narrative that has been dominant for years .
If even half of what is alleged in -LSB- Going Clear -RSB- is true , then it 's not just an incredible doco , but a first-rate horror movie as well .
Going Clear takes on its topic from an interesting and unexpected angle .
Excoriating , compelling , genuinely frightening documentary from Oscar-winning director Alex Gibney -LRB- We Steal Secrets ; Enron -RRB- about the strange workings of the powerful Scientology movement . Forget the Tom Cruise/John Travolta/South Park jokes .
Even if half of Gibney 's film was to be considered tainted , the work of people who have scores to settle , it would be hard to dismiss . They ca n't all be liars .
Whether you find this film revelatory , vindicating or provocative will rather depend on your preconceptions about Scientology -- or about religions in general . In any case , it 's pretty gripping .
If you 've ever wondered about Scientology , you ca n't go past this riveting doco by Oscar-winning filmmaker Alex Gibney
What we do n't get is anything new . Nothing about Katie Holmes ' great escape , no Leah Remini at all . This story did n't end four years ago , even though the movie does .
Going Clear : Scientology and the Prison of Belief is yet another entry into Alex Gibney 's incredible resume of consistently objective and powerful documentary films .
Gibney ... has a gift for showing the workings of complex social systems , and he lays things out clearly and in a well-aced fashion ...
Going Clear is hardly the first takedown of Scientology ... But Gibney goes further in prying open the corner of the human psyche that wants to believe and belong , regardless of the cost .
You could n't call Going Clear : Scientology and the Prison of Belief entertaining , exactly , but it is absolutely riveting .
Gibney , the pre-eminent documentarian right now , presents the facts cleanly : this is an abusive cult , and here 's the proof . It 's relentlessly fascinating viewing . Wright did the hard yards , but that does n't mean this is n't awesome . It 's a must-see .
Hollywood and Scientology have often collided , but never quite as explosively as they do in Going Clear , the revealing documentary by Oscar-winning filmmaker Alex Gibney .
Whatever my misgivings about the movie , it 's brought this stuff to the forefront , and paved the way for the sort of pushback against Scientology 's tactics that may not have been possible just a few years ago .
While he does n't really uncover much that 's new in `` Going Clear , '' the way he 's collected and assembled testimonials , documents and archival footage creates a cumulative effect that 's chilling .
A triumph of content over form : You could eliminate even more of Going Clear and still have it play like an early contender for the scariest film of 2015 .
Whether you come away seeing Scientology as a cult that ensnares vulnerable people or as a faith of self-empowerment , the film leaves a terrible taste of too much information . This must be its point , but take heed just the same .
We hear the other side -- the people who have left the organization ... What they have to say is equal parts fascinating , disquieting , and downright frightening .
There is order and selection , of course - to say that this is storytelling is not to impugn its parts - but much of what he has to show you is remarkable in or out of this context .
Going Clear : Scientology and the Prison of Belief ... is at times jaw-dropping , scary , unnerving , even disturbingly funny .
`` Going Clear '' proves to a be a valuable starting point in the discussion and confrontation of a religion that appears more interested in the width of wallets than the depths of souls .
Going Clear is the kind of jaw-dropping experience that makes you question everything you know about the current make-up of our world
This frequently jaw-dropping documentary ... demonstrates vividly how a cult can spread among people searching for something greater in their lives , some advantage over others , some grand answer .
There is little breaking news in Going Clear , but the film is eye-opening for those who have n't seen past reports .
Director Alex Gibney 's hauntingly effective Going Clear ... suggests only trouble ahead for the frequently criticized and always strange Church of Scientology .
If Wright 's book was a blistering polemic , then Gibney 's film is a great companion piece that shows the human side of a slow-motion tragedy .
It 's hard to believe that the big , paranoid , litigious cult started by L. Ron Hubbard will survive Alex Gibney 's clear-eyed , eye-opening and damning documentary Going Clear : Scientology and the Prison of Belief .
Even if you are familiar with the contours of the controversy over Scientology , Gibney 's documentary ... is worth watching , particularly for the personal stories of former members .
By the time you finish watching Going Clear , you 'll be left `` clear '' and hungry for justice .
Going Clear is a heat-seeking missile that does n't take long to find the heat .
By focusing on the powerful and damning stories of the church 's most destructive practices , including the forced `` disconnection '' of members from family and friends , Gibney has made a forceful and memorable case .
While `` Going Clear '' is unapologetically one-sided in its dim view of Scientology , the issues it raises ... will make you think about the film long after it 's over .
Going Clear penetrates the nature of faith to confront anxious questions about why any of us believe the things we do .
Going Clear is effective , especially when Gibney spends time on the more personal stories of his various interview subjects .
There is an immediacy to hearing former church members ' stories from them .
Going Clear unpeels Scientology layer by layer via testimony from former high-level Church officials who have never spoken up before . The result is the most exciting - and disturbing - work of cinematic non-fiction in a long time .
It 's a superbly crafted , compassionate study of the state of mind that made -LSB- people -RSB- believe that acquiescing was their only ticket to eternity .
For a group with property assets in the billions , it 's a major piece of the puzzle , revealing a critical failing : For a religion with so much to give , why do they do so little for so few ?
While there 's no denying the chilling implications of the film and this organization , it 's hard not to wonder about the many threads Going Clear leaves untouched .
It is n't about questioning a belief system but rather those who would manipulate and exploit it .
If Going Clear were a Hollywood thriller , I 'd complain that it 's too over-the-top . But this is real life , which is mind-blowing , and as a documentary , it 's disturbingly good .
Consider `` Going Clear '' an audit for the former leaders and most prominent members of the Church of Scientology , now willing to come forward and allege abuse , intimidation , and brainwashing .
The cult is right to be scared . Going Clear is spectacular stuff . Literally .
Director Alex Gibney has found persuasive witnesses and clips to tell his story in clear , strong terms .
A thought-provoking and disturbing look at one of the most controversial and written-about organizations of the last fifty years .
Will likely pop some eyes among those only casually acquainted with the church 's bizarre workings .
-LSB- A -RSB- searing , scalpel-sharp documentary ...
A lively and watchable documentary if not an especially enlightening one .
If the film 's value as an exposé is limited , `` Going Clear '' is nonetheless sterling as an official record of condemnation .
Gibney 's films refuse to dwell on the ambiguities or hypocrisies that might make them more worthwhile than a half hour on YouTube and Wikipedia .
A fleet and surefooted account of Scientology 's origins , Hubbard 's years at sea escaping U.S. taxes , and the misery and harassment faced by the church 's apostates .
This impeccably assembled and argued film represents a brave , timely intervention into debates around the organization that have been simmering for some time .
Going Clear delivers on its promise to make your eyes pop , and then some .
There is a sense of latent awakening that Gibney manages to capture , and that 's the most compelling part about ` Going Clear . ' That dawning realization will be spreading soon enough , and that 's clearly what terrifies the leadership of Scientology the most .
Lays out a lucid argument against the organization , combining engaging interviews , archival footage and evocative visual illustrations .
It does n't add a lot to what was known about the church , but it puts it all in a compact format that hits Scientology squarely in the thetans .
Alex Gibney shakes the Scientology tree in his crackling film version of Lawrence Wright 's nonfiction bestseller .

@highlight

Thoroughly disquieting but impossible to ignore , Going Clear : Scientology and the Prison of Belief is a searing investigative work from a master documentarian .