Where the movie succeeds - and I think it does succeed , overwhelmingly - is in drawing you into an emotional relationship with its characters .
-LSB- Director Natali -RSB- treads the fine line of a film that is just believable enough to get the audience 's attention , and sci-fi enough for us to think this could never happen . Or could it ?
Despite the conventional plot it 's always fun , even when the action gets increasingly absurd .
Though Splice has viscera a-plenty , the horror of it is n't in the gore . It 's in the notion that sometimes children end up evil and it might be entirely our fault .
While it appears to be a pretty straightforward story , the actual film gives you more in scares and chills - and more to think about - than you 'd expect .
Who would have thought talent of that calibre would combine to create such a catastrophic stinker .
Because of the writers ' choice to stay so superficial , we get a sluggishly-paced , forgettable thriller .
It 's the very special genetic engineering episode of Parenthood that was too hot for TV .
Splice ends up being disturbing , but not particularly affecting . The use of the human characters is too uneven to pull off the desired effect .
`` Splice '' is one of those movies that just makes you ache , because it almost achieves greatness .
If you like to think while you ingest your horror , then this one 's for you .
Splice is science-fiction/horror at its best , underpinning its daring moments of bodily horror and sexual anxieties with flawed characters to care about and moral issues to wrestle with .
Fascinating and exciting yet disturbing and potentially upsetting .
Like the mutant progeny , Splice is an unsuccessful hybrid : half moral fable , half mad scientist makes monster flick .
By the second half of Splice , the film has devolved into a rather silly , yet distinctly unsettling blob of horror .
Splice is most enjoyable when it embraces and revels in its science-experiment-gone-wrong cheeky horror persona .
The dire consequences of meddling with nature have n't been explored quite so well for quite some time as in Vincenzo Natali 's Splice .
I love the character of Dren , which is nerd spelt backwards . I loved the relationship between her and her putative parents : Adrian Brody and Sarah Polley .
The Frankenstein story , a cautionary tale about ambition racing ahead of one 's talents , has potential for great pathos and tragedy , Splice opts for far less than that and only partially succeeds .
A compelling and intelligent horror film which twists genre conventions to deliver something excitingly new .
Sci-fi horror turns feral in this misguided story about genetic engineering that morphs into more of a monster freak show than a story with genuine thrills
Offers just enough moral and emotional ambiguity to make for an engaging if occasionally icky movie-going experience .
Natali -LSB- takes -RSB- his film down some dark and disturbing paths , and even if you 're not overly keen about the destination , you have to commend him for daring to go there .
Spends three quarters of its running time desperately fighting against being the kind of film you expect it to be , before becoming exactly the kind of film you expect it to be ...
It 's a shame -- there 's a lot of enjoyment to be extracted from Splice , but it remains a Frankenstein 's monster of piecemeal storytelling .
A B-movie science-fiction melodrama that really needed the genius of David Cronenberg to bring it to life .
While it does n't hold back on delivering the odd moment of outlandish gore , it also turns out to be way funnier , freakier and more perverted than its Frankenstein-style story suggests .
One of the year 's most unusual , imaginative and daring films .
Part horror , part drama and part comedy , this is a hybrid , but an enjoyable one .
It does n't go the complete distance , but this is a wholly admirable , refreshingly grown-up science-fiction movie : a Frankenstein with a beating , gene-spliced heart and top-of-the-range performances .
This Cronenbergian exploration of the perils of inter-species gene-splicing wrestles with some topical and disturbing ideas , but never quite pins them down .
With above average creature effects and a succinct title which neatly bridges medicine and filmmaking techniques alike , teenagers looking for escapism should love it .
Fortunately , after all the howling and growling and carnage is done , Splice does remain a very human film .
It 's refreshing to see a genre movie that credits its audience with a bit of intelligence , and Splice has got a lot going on under the bonnet .
As Natali 's potent allegory about child-rearing turns deadly , absurdity is , thankfully , just about kept in check through committed performances and the director 's deflating of the most risible moments with well-judged levity .
Natali 's direction and vision is as nuanced as the story 's tone , and while the plot beats are familiar to genre fans , Splice manages to evolve the genre to new heights .
Hugely entertaining , superbly written sci-fi thriller that manages to be simultaneously scary , moving and darkly funny , thanks to strong direction , great special effects and terrific performances from its three leads .
Natali expertly recombines the body horror of a creature feature with the perverse dysfunction of a family tragedy , engendering a freaky new genre hybrid whose monstrosity is -LRB- mostly -RRB- human .
The film feels like it 's descended directly from the early biological horror of David Cronenberg -- and Natali 's work does n't suffer in the comparison
It 's nice to see a genre film try to be smarter than it needs to be , but all we really get is a genre film that 's duller than it should have been .
In spite of its few shortcomings , the film has much to commend it and its ideas are adeptly fleshed out by an excellent cast .
As an intense and inventive monster movie that doubles as a Buñuelian black comedy about parenthood , Splice would be a rare beast even if it were n't arriving alongside far more conventional summer fare .
Splice is aching to creep out the room with its symphony of goopy creatures and psychosexual situations , but the film is perhaps too timid and verbose to truly lunge forward and gleefully disturb .
While it 's more than a tad derivative , it 's a stylish , and well constructed flick , benefiting enormously from the lead performances from Adrien Brody and Sarah Polley .
Barbed and gratifyingly slimy
Scientific credibility issues aside , this creepy sci-fi piece about a lab experiment gone awry is not without merit or surprises , making it flawed but never boring .
The filmmakers and producers deserve great praise for their ambition and faith in a film that steps outside of the Hollywood comfort zone , even if the product does n't have the execution to match .
... a classic case of two scientists being screwed by their own experiment .
Be forewarned -- after watching it , some might feel dirty upon leaving the theater . And I 'm pretty sure that 's the point . So , um , good for the fimmmakers !
A cleverly disguised expose on the challenges of parenthood , with riffs on abortion and the Electra complex thrown in for good measure , Splice is inventive enough that it 's a real shame when it falls apart heading into the home stretch .
Offers the question if children are born and develop in to chaotic monsters , or if their parents and their own insecurities and misery eventually turn them in to such beings ...
The perfect synthesis of horror and the horrifically funny . My favorite film experience this year
A -LSB- final -RSB- turn for the mundane does n't negate the preceding , metaphorically sturdy B-movie thrills .
A modern version of `` Bride of Frankenstein '' making the point that even monsters can feel sexual longing .
Splice undone by mad science .
Stem-cell debate tarted up in monster drag ? Nah , Just another Bjork look-alike mutant with oedipal issues
Here is a fright flick that is completely original , that takes you to uncomfortable places and abandons you there . If you care at all about horror , do not miss Splice under any circumstances .
This cautionary tale about science without boundaries goes to such lengths to `` cross the line '' narratively that it leaves the big questions behind .
This bit of metaphorical business keeps on giving , for the film presses hard on the well-worn connections between sex and birth , sensual desire and freakish ambition .
a film of ideas , one that demands attention and thought
While the film does n't stray a lot from its genre roots thanks to its take no prisoners attitude and largely because of Brody , Polley and especially Chanéac it 's always easy to watch .
A mixture of the intimately known and the wildly unpredictable , this one just is what it is : a total trip .
It 's not quite the subversive cult-movie romp it might have been , but transgenderism , incest and bestiality all at once has to count for something .
Shocking , hilarious , and creepy , one of the better horror films of the last decade .
Only for adults with open minds and a high tolerance for the ` Ew ! ' factor , ` Splice ' is smart , thought-provoking and grim .
So thought-provoking and disturbing that it qualifies as a powerful work and is probably secure as the best horror film of the year .
... the tension comes from watching Brody and Polley 's well-crafted characters come together and splinter apart as they become parents of sorts and their tricky ethical dilemma worsens .
Parts of it work magnificently well , parts of it work magnificently well while being incredibly hateful , and parts of it are just plain stupid .
A surprisingly good sci-fi adventure made even better by the acting talents of Brody and Polley
The film becomes a discomfiting parody of parenting that delivers both the creepiness and the topicality we want from a great horror movie ...
-LSB- It 's -RSB- witty , aware of its own craziness , and disarmingly insightful about the psychology of its characters .
What 's so disturbing about this contemporary Frankenstein story is that it might happen - if it has n't already .
The film sadly lacks the fresh originality of Natali 's previous films . Natali 's film about DNA-splitting seems disappointingly recombinant .
It hit me hard and deep . It 's a work of sick beauty .
When Splice is in full flower , there 's something magnificent about it .
an intelligent horror film that chips away at the emotions and the intellect without compromise and without respite
It strives so hard to be more than it is and that is why it ultimately fails . Could have been good if they left the pretensions at the door and went for straight horror . Then the horrible 3rd act could be forgiven .
Splice is just creepy . Creepy creature , creepy scientists , creepy corrupt corporation .
Its sensibilities echo those of David Cronenberg , another Canadian who knew how to mix sly humor with queasy body horror .
Splice is one of those rare creature features where the most menacing beings are the people .
Every generation needs a Frankenstein , and this one opens up the Pandora 's box of scientists playing God with intelligence and surprises .
A must-see for sci-fi and horror nuts , even if Natali throws away a perfectly compelling first two acts in favor of the big ` Oh no they did n't ' ending .
Splice teases us with greatness before settling in as a messy , but never dull , sci-fi thriller
Simply the best horror movie from a Canadian filmmaker since The Fly .
The film is n't good , exactly -- Natali struggles to keep the creepy and goofy elements in balance -- but it 's just weird enough to become a cult favorite .
Splice is a genre picture that , almost without you noticing it , gets under your skin for both creepy crawly and emotional gains .
A good horror flick always does metaphoric battle with our interior demons , and Splice summons them in impressive numbers .
Daring , disturbing and deliciously twisted .
Regardless of the camp factor , you are only laughing because of its stupidity - not because it 's so bad that it 's good . Halfway through , ` Splice ' mutates from tolerable to ridiculous .
What makes Splice morally compelling is n't the bioethics quandaries it raises so much as the way it delves into parenthood .
The horror genre needs more films like this one ; works made by filmmakers willing to take chances and deliver something to viewers that they would never expect .
An engrossing , if flawed , techno thriller that never quite goes where expected , and that 's what makes it such a pleasant surprise .
It maintains a fun underlying technology , and the monster part does go places most studio films would n't dare .
The director balances everything pitch-perfectly , from the performances to the hair-raising sound effects , and all the way down to images of the creepy , snowy woods during the film 's tense climax .
A sci-fi thriller that starts out fine but then descends into preposterous developments .
... uses its premise to raise intriguing questions about the moral implications of scientific progress , without resorting to a simplistic formula about mad scientists and monsters run amok .
A creepy , slick and initially provocative sci-fi thriller that eventually loses steam once its surprises , cleverness and imagination wane midway .
An enduring lesson one takes from `` Splice '' is that you should never let the frontiers of human knowledge be pushed by scientists who drive an AMC Gremlin and wear ironic T-shirts .
... mining horror out of moral quandary rather than mindless slaughter , Splice occasionally achieves a terrible beauty .
Part `` Frankenstein , '' part `` Freaks , '' the horror film/cautionary tale `` Splice '' is derivative and disturbing .
It 's a bird ! It 's a platelet ! It 's a hot bald chick !
Splice '' is a hit-or-miss feature that leans slightly on the hit side . It tries to sound important , while titillating its audience .
... a sci-fi thriller filtered through an art-house lens ...
The movie keeps raising new issues past the point where you 'd think the filmmakers would have run out of them .
While it 's certainly not for everyone , Splice is the creepiest movie to come out so far this year % u2013 and one of the better ones as well .
A thoroughly repulsive science fiction-horror flick that slicks up its B-movie tawdriness with high-gloss production values and two otherwise classy stars .
It 's a story that 's been told several times before ... but Natali puts his own twisted spin on the tale that ensures a few surprises along the way .
The core strength of this gooey , schizophrenic horror satire is its ability to be simultaneously quite clever and unrepentantly trashy .
As creepy and deranged as Don Murphy on an internet discussion board , though always infinitely more lucid , intelligent and entertaining .
The cheap thrills are few and far between in Splice , which prides itself on being more of a thinking man 's monster mash .
The temptation to shock is too much temptation for Natali .
Vincenzo Natali has created a film that does not follow the normal Hollywood formula and takes insane risks . Chaneac delivers a phenomenal performance without using dialogue .
This relentlessly disturbing sci-fi shocker will torment both your stomach and your brain in equal measure .
Brody and Polley 's performances keep the film grounded in a semblance of reality even when it threatens to go over the top near the end , and director Natali infuses the proceedings with a consistent sense of nail-biting dread .
It wants to tour the scarred human psyche , yet the cobbled-together screenplay is silly when it should be spooky , cold when it should boil over and dumb when it should be smart .
If anything , the film 's own splicing together of various cinematic genre elements means it ends up like the creature within it -- a hybrid that 's fascinating yet ultimately flawed . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
Splice is actually very sympathetic to its monster . This sympathy actually works well for the story , though it is abandoned for a messy and clichéd finale , complete with a twist you can see coming from a mile away .
Playing God and playing house converge ... about as gonzo as the multiplex gets .
-LSB- T -RSB- he first summer movie that you 'll find yourself talking about -- rather than complaining about -- after the house lights come up .
The developments mostly make sense -- a rarity in almost any thriller that eventually goes bananas .
An edge of your seat thriller , `` Splice '' is a movie that keeps you asking yourself , `` can they really do that '' while the story unfolds on screen .
Besides its absorbing ghoulishness , Splice is terrifically smart , rife with topics to debate and discuss . How many studio-released horror pictures of the last several years can attest to that ?
Clive and Elsa wo n't be the only ones feeling the pierce of Dren 's deadly tail or tale ... so will viewers .
Too bad Warner Brothers did n't release this film a month earlier - it would have made a hell of a twisted Mother 's Day movie .
However somber it gets , it 's never truly thought-provoking , and however outrageous it gets , it 's still always 20 minutes behind the audience . It 's just too dumb to be serious and too slow to be entertaining .
Though a stylish thriller with an initially palpable sense of menace and kinky tension , the story takes such ridiculous turns that it ends up undercutting its initial promise .
Two wunderkind geneticists create a new lifeform that 's part human , part creepoid . It quickly evolves into something very cool , and so does this creature feature , with a great cast and only a few bumps in the final reel .
It 's hard to care about what 's happening , when you do n't care about the people it 's happening to .
The Cronenberg influence here is evident in Mr. Natali 's interest in the body and birth and in an initially subdued , near-narcoleptic atmosphere that helps build a nice sense of foreboding .
Splice puts the Frankenstein myth into modern terms ; why stitch together parts when you can genetically create a whole ? A whole what ? That 's the question this creepy-sexy horror movie wraps your head around .
Part monster movie and part domestic drama . While the mixture does n't entirely gel , ... it 's a cinematic hybrid sufficiently intriguing to merit a visit .
Before the film devolves into cliché , director and co-writer Vincenzo Natali creates a potent and provocative thriller about gender politics and human impulses that ca n't be reduced to a science .
The movie is ridiculously over the top , inelegant and so defiantly
crazy
that it works , reminding you how fun gore and creatures that go bump
-LRB- and
grind -RRB- in the night can be .
The special effects and creature design , as good as they are , do n't exceed the acting by Polley , Brody and Chanéac , who make it all seem entirely plausible and emotionally real .
Splice is a hybrid that works . It 's a smart , slickly paced , well-acted science-fiction cautionary tale-horror movie-psychological drama .
The film 's deliberately provocative premise is worked out in broad , lurid comic-book strokes , consciously calculated to shock the easily shockable and titillate the peculiar .
This story , about scientists who create a life form in the laboratory , goes from intriguing to wacky to disturbing with the speed of a car rolling downhill . And the laughter you hear in the theater is the audience 's natural response when it does .
While it 's far from perfect , it 's a timely and well-considered thriller about the scarier aspects of genetic engineering .
Vincenzo Natali may be insane . In the best possible way .
The movie feels uncompromised , genuinely transgressive at times , and smart in the ways it entertains .
Splices together the mad-scientist story with a satire of modern marriage and parenting . While the results are mad , brazenly unethical , and occasionally funny , the implications are deeply upsetting .
It 's certainly not for all tastes , but it 's a legitimate horror movie -- it really does raise prickly questions about modern DNA science , and its psychosexual component is anything but gratuitous .
If it 's discouraging -- or at least disorienting -- to see that Adrien Brody and Sarah Polley have signed on to a gnarly work of science-fiction horror , lighten up . They have good taste in schlock .
The plot develops in surprising ways , with steadily building dread that does n't rely on abundant gore or gotcha scares to freak audiences out .
two thirds of a really interesting movie
Splice lives up to its title in both the best and worst possible ways .
Splice transcends the horror genre and the expectations for what a film like this might be . It offers horror at its best : smart , provocative , beautiful , and terrifying .
Shooting with a cool reserve and a steely-blue color palette , Natali keeps the film unsettling by using icky creature effects , but just as often by offering up grotesque caricatures of real-life parenting discomforts ...
The welcome return of one of horror 's more underrated filmmakers is marked by one of the most distinctive scientific horror films since Cronenberg made it fashionable during the '80s .
More than a decade in the making , Vincenzo Natali 's provocative sci-fi/horror tale never quite lives up to the spectacular creepiness of its premise .
A classic cautionary tale that works simultaneously as a thriller , love story , and meditation on what it means to be a scientist in a time in which everything is suddenly possible -- at least in theory .
The movie carves out its own psychological terrain , pondering the emotional storms of both childhood and parenthood as relations in the little family grow ever more perverse .
The climax is a pileup of sorts as the movie suddenly becomes an audience-pandering monster-in-the-woods creature feature .
Less a parenting allegory than a study in people 's perverse curiosity about the unknown .
The mad scientists of Splice make Victor Frankenstein look like a reasonable man .
Splice is a creepy , well-acted and memorable film -- one that could n't have been luckier to come out at a time when breakthroughs in genetic engineering and the creation of synthetic life are making news seemingly every week .
The film , much of which takes place in laboratories or at the couple 's isolated farmhouse , does n't deliver `` the usual . '' I was fine with that -- grateful , in fact . A little queasy in the stomach , but grateful .
The script blends human psychology with scientific speculation and has genuine interest until it goes on autopilot with one of the chase scenes Hollywood now permits few films to end without .
Despite its relative bravery in choosing not to embrace the Grand Guignol , Splice is a little too hit-or-miss to truly work .
The creature effects are terrific , but the human protagonists are n't nearly so interesting , and the do n't - mess-with-nature message is too hoary to be made interesting with this feeble setup .
Morphing as often as the character central to its story , Splice is an unruly mix of science , morality , family dysfunction , horror and finger-down-the-throat gross-out ridiculousness .
It 's impossible to buy the tight-pants reaction to Dren when the rest of the film is so robotic . The more Natali pushes the sexual nature of the material , the sillier the film becomes .
With such ambitions , it deserves more than such a rote conclusion .
Natali has created a menacing landscape and a fresh approach to the monster-maker genre .
What if there were realms in which woman was not meant to meddle ? It 's not as progressive as it sounds . But you knew that already .
It begins with such promise , a kinky modernist twist on a classical sci-fi morality tale . That it degenerates into conventional , genre horror is all the more disappointing .
Director Vincenzo Natali , working with producer Guillermo del Toro , achieves a second-rate -- Canadian -- tone that recalls Gothika and David Cronenberg 's early outrages .
The movie does n't work , but the sets and CGI effects are fascinating , and the actors carry on like they 're in some kind of meaningful futuristic experience of lasting value .
Natali explores this hoary theme with apt , flippant gravity , updating it with canny hipness , but subjecting it to too many mutations to bring it fully to life .
If you 've seen Species , you know where this do n't - mess-with-Mother-Nature horror show is going , though director-cowriter Vincenzo Natali has a few interesting twists up his sleeve .
A moderately nifty creature feature that 's warped for warping 's sake , filled with characters not likeable enough to make their ultimate fate a tragedy , nor loathsome enough to be darkly funny .
The detailed imagining of Dren 's life cycle and Splice 's one-upping make the movie mortifyingly fascinating , and its spell lasts right up until the junk heap of a grand finale .
Genre-savvy monster movie approaches Midnight Movie zone without abandoning the mainstream .
Flashy and entertaining , but nothing special ... You willingly suspend your disbelief - but you wo n't be proud of yourself for doing it .
There are certain things you would expect in a story like this , and most of those happen . But then there are other developments that I 'm pleased to say my imagination is not demented enough to have conceived .
Brody and Polley , two intelligent actors -LRB- neither associated with the genre -RRB- anchor this well-produced sci-fi-horror-thriller , which plays with timely ideas -LRB- DNA -RRB- and smartly emphasizes the creature 's erotic-sexual dimensions .
What starts out as a promising sci-fi thriller loses precious steam in an underwhelming third act climax seemingly affected by budgetary limits .
Vincenzo Natali confirms that he has a knack for novelty but scant ability to set off truly heart-wrenching emotional provocation .
It works best while navigating the territory between emotion and instinct and primal drive ...
An erotic sci-fi on acid reproductive romp . With bald bisexual bestiality ; possible self-rape ; involuntary transsexual gender reassignment ; and DNA altered worms named Ginger and Fred , who may actually be George and Fred .
The outstanding creature effects by Howard Berger only get more astonishing as Splice splits into an eerie horror picture , then divides again into something out of Rosemary 's Baby .
A powerfully brazen re-telling of an oft-told tale , but in this case ... it still works alarmingly well .
Splice went down smooth , with its sleek surfaces , terrific special effects and disturbing sexiness .
Polley and Brody both are terrific as usual , but it 's really Delphine Chanéac who shines with an incredible performance as Dren .
The film borrows liberally from horror/sci-fi predecessors and emerges with something weirdly original .
Benefiting significantly from the casting of Adrien Brody and Sarah Polley , director Vincenzo Natali 's outlandish sci-fier sustains a grotesque and funny fascination throughout its slightly protracted runtime .
Natali 's experiment works .
Despite an A-list star and a high-tech plot , the film itself feels like a hybrid of silly science tingler and moral philosophy with a straight-to-video sheen-which is likely where their larger profit margins lie .



@highlight

It does n't take its terrific premise quite as far as it should , but Splice is a smart , well-acted treat for horror fans .