It 's a hell of a ride that gives us a deeply satirical look at office politics and provides a massive amount of wish fulfilment .
-LSB- Mayhem -RSB- lacks the sharpness of fair like Tragedy Girls , but for fans of -LSB- Steven -RSB- Yuen or business-focused semi-satire like Horrible Bosses , it 's got enough adrenaline to carry an audience along .
The tongue-in-check , over-the-top aspect of Mayhem , a looney tune of a film from director Joe Lynch , offers a steroid-infused day in the life of a really toxic office environment .
What Joe Lynch has done is craft one of the most entertaining and exciting films I 've seen in a long time .
Mayhem is the cathartic release of cubicle chaos that The Belko Experiment should 've been .
A strong script , a good sense of timing , and the kind of anarchic glee than more prestige projects ca n't manage .
Mayhem never strays far from social commentary or corporate comeuppance , making its blood-soaked carnage easy to cheer on
An excess of violence and minimum of plot is generally Lynch 's sweet spot , but as a gory satire of corporate corruption Mayhem is n't going to get off quite so easy .
Fuses office politics , bloody violence , and pure silliness into a fun little romp that 's ultimately as entertaining as it is forgettable .
The whole messy affair comes to a conclusion that delivers knee-jerk satisfaction in an impressively stylish way .
Yuen is excellent as a man barely holding on to his last shred of decency in an environment with no values and is ably backed by co-stars Dallas Roberts , Samara Weaving and Kerry Fox .
A big , crazy genre picture that is n't afraid to go for broke .
... skewers white-collar corporate snobbery through its abundant brutality and gore , gleefully choreographed to maximize the visceral impact .
At some point just past the middle , it goes on autopilot .
There is a detectable coolness factor to director Joe Lynch 's arch , cutthroat corporatism allegory , but the sharp-wit-to-blunt-force ratio here is nonetheless about 10/90 .
Mayhem channels rage at an unfair society and the bullshit that trickles down from the Powers That Be into a paean to uncontrolled anger .
`` Mayhem '' is a frantic , blood-splattered , rock 'n' roll action-horror-comedy that plays like a killer cross between `` Crank '' and `` Office Space . ''
The movie possesses a certain energy ... but it also becomes repetitive after a few too many jabs-both satirical and physical .
The premise does n't invite much restraint , but just a little could have resulted in a terrific guilty pleasure instead of one that narrowly misses the mark .
Though it 's not particularly inventive , the film has a fine time pitting office-dwellers against each other .
For how much is going on , with nail guns and scissor-stabbings and one very unconvincing dislocated tongue , the chaos can feel as sterile as a Wednesday morning meeting .
While Lynch has experience delivering breezy action , `` breezy '' can shade into `` frivolous '' - or even `` forgettable . ''
crazy fun
Joe Lynch 's fantastically creative , subversive and Tarantino-esque Mayhem stands alone as an entertainingly bloody and dark and twisted social satire - but it 's even more satisfying for those of us who loved Steven Yeun 's Glenn on The Walking Dead .
`` Mayhem '' embraces its pulpy title with fighting-and-fornicating glee . Neither innovative nor particularly clever , the movie understands its mission and benefits from Mr. Yeun 's unfailing air of basic decency .
Saved by a bright lead performance from Steven Yeun , an underutilized movie actor who really should be a leading man in more pictures .
Much like The Raid co-opted a videogame-esque environment to clear levels along the heroes ' journey upward to the top , Mayhem also embraces this caricatured escalation of chaos .
Mayhem is a culmination of film , art , historical and current affairs references , genre juxtapositions , and effective stylized filmmaking .
Here comes Mayhem , with a wild mix of white-collar beatdowns and bloodshed that will indeed satisfy all the hard-working nine-to-fivers .
A righteous bloodbath in the boardroom !
This movie has a mean streak a mile wide ... And on top of that , there 's a overgenerous supply of juvenile and sexist nonsense .
Memorable , murderous fun .
Like so many shoot - 'em - up video games that repeatedly break for cutscenes , the film too often diffuses its tense energy by whipping up context .
`` Mayhem '' is Joe Lynch is at his most insane and it 's an often outstanding mix of horror , dark comedy , and action ...
A gleeful , no-holds-barred riot that somehow never loses its humanity as skulls are sawed and faces pummeled .
A gonzo LOL/WTF of a splatter thriller .
Thanks to the pulse of Joe Lynch , -LSB- Mayhem -RSB- is funny and brutal . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Although the blood flows as freely as it does in Wrong Turn 2 , there is a purpose for it here , as well as the sort of style and substance that personified the likes of The Wolf Of Wall Street and American Psycho .
It 's as funny as it is relentless and is sure to be a crowd-pleaser .
Mayhem could easily have been a one joke film and found itself with nowhere to go . It is a credit to director and cast that it keeps on giving - and for people in jobs like Derek 's , delivers a particularly satisfying cinema experience .
What Lynch has delivered here is a real achievement : a hugely absorbing and cathartic blast of a movie , for every underdog and unappreciated drone the world over .
If there is any viewer discomfort involved in following our protagonist through a high bodycount toward his ultimate business goals and moral centre , the beauty is that -LSB- Joe -RSB- Lynch , like Derek , ultimately turns all this explosive depravity into art .
Though Mayhem is far from perfectly executed , the executions in it are damn near perfect .
A fast , entertaining flick , and a fun entry into Lynch 's growing body of work .
With its infectious energy , ambitious story and effects , and a frenetic and frenzied pace , Mayhem is a wickedly fun survivalist horror action hybrid that takes on office politics with an assured sense of precision and wit .
Call it `` Margin Call Goes to Hell , '' and you 'd be pretty close to the mark
Mayhem is a wonderfully violent middle finger to corporate culture , gleeful in its desire to redecorate cubicles with red blood splatters .
Mayhem boasts a pair of leads that not only get the tone of the piece , but jump into its lunacy quite enthusiastically .
` Mayhem ' takes killing to the top level . It 's a popcorn munching riot that was made with good vibes and positive energy . -LSB- Bloody-Disgusting.com -RSB-
It 's an aptly titled film .

@highlight

Mayhem delivers stylish violence by the bloody bucketful -- and grounds all the titular chaos in sharp humor and surprisingly effective real-world economic angst .