It 's a parlour trick , creating the illusion of activism while passively watching . Dark arts , indeed .
Nguyen 's direction and script rarely falter . It 's a near-perfect blend of harsh reality and mysticism .
A powerful and unforgettable emotional viewing experience .
It may be hard for a viewer to accept some of the paranormal goings-on in War Witch -- the ghosts , the superstitions , the otherworldly powers -- but they 're nothing compared to the realities that Komona has to endure .
Atrocity and beauty somehow co-exist in War Witch .
War Witch does n't sermonize or propose a solution to its larger problems . It 's a portrait of a life . It just so happens that said life is playing out in a living hell .
This harrowing film refuses to let up long enough to let you catch your breath .
With intelligence and deceptive simplicity , Nguyen injects the discombobulating impact of grief , conflict and PTSD -LRB- with the added effects of magic milk -RRB- , to delve deeper than a simple observed account of a soldier 's bid for freedom .
Being a child soldier is tough to imagine , but Canadian writer-director Kim Nguyen takes on the challenge without many qualms .
Rachel Mwanza 's performance is extraordinary and shows great depth for such a young actress .
The film is a laser-focused fable threatened occasionally by its drifts into character shorthand , but equaled by a wrenching lead performance by Rachel Mwanza that results in one of the finest of the year .
War Witch gives us a continent 's tragedy in a young girl 's face .
The picture is far and away most effective in its sequences of quiet lyricism .
... rich in anthropological specificity , Nguyen 's film is unexpectedly sensitive and anchored by some amazing performances .
Nguyen brings the harshness of this world alive not with big dramatic flourishes but with an everyday tone that makes it all the more frightening . This is how it is - how else would it be ?
This year 's City of God .
... driven by a remarkably natural , unaffected performance by Mwanza . And Nguyen , despite relying a little too heavily on the initial voice-over for exposition , is a confident and sensitive intelligence behind the camera .
You 're likely to ponder its images , its insights into a very foreign -LRB- for most of us -RRB- location and the tragic situation of Komona -LRB- and others like her -RRB- for a long time to come .
Is it accurate depiction of Africa 's child soldiers ? I do n't know , thank God . But it feels authentic to its very core , and that makes it as hard to forget as it is to ignore .
Brutal without turning exploitative , the result is harrowing and heartbreaking .
Nguyen creates a mesmerizing tone through his camerawork , editing , sound and the infusion of African folk imagery and ritual , but it 's Mwanza 's performance as Komona that makes `` War Witch '' feel so miraculous .
Nguyen reportedly worked on `` War Witch '' for a decade , and it shows in both the immediacy and authenticity of his tale , and the meticulous craft with which it 's told .
Made with extremely clear-eyed restraint from harangues , sentiment , message-mongering , or anything else that would cheapen its central character 's suffering and fight .
War Witch features a standout performance by Rachel Mwanza , but the supernatural visions do n't really suit the film 's tone and mood .
Nguyen 's compassion and commitment to the issue is admirable , and at its best , War Witch is devastating .
Canadian writer-director Kim Nguyen spent nearly a decade researching this docudrama about child soldiers in Africa , and the film feels as authoritative as a first-hand account .
A haunting take on unspeakably grim subject matter , shot on location in the Democratic Republic of Congo .
War Witch is remarkable for the fact that it never strays into sentimentality or sensationalism .
... a love story between youngsters who are forced to become adults all too early in their lives .
A powerful and upsetting portrait of a young girl compelled into unimaginably horrific circumstances .
Nguyen , astonishingly , manages to wring something vaguely like a happy ending from this tragic story .
This is a straight ahead essay on warfare at its worst and the survival of the human spirit at its best .
An astonishing drama set in Africa that vividly depicts the courage and resiliency of a 12-year-old girl whose spiritual gifts enable her to survive .
It is astonishing that film that contains such violence can have such a serene tone . The source of the serenity is the measured , calm narration by Komona -LRB- voice of Diane Umawahoro -RRB- that is the telling of her story to her unborn child
An exquisitely made film in direct contrast to the ugliness of its subject matter
War Witch is most effective not when we are looking in on Komona but when we are inside her head .
The portrait of a girl who retains her dignity and strength , her faith in the future , in the face of unimaginable horrors . It 's inspirational in a very real way .
-LSB- Despite -RSB- so many fictional elements ... the point of view poignantly emphasizes the special travails of girls within violent societies engaged in constant war .
The powerful things we expect from `` War Witch '' are as advertised , but what we do n't expect is even better .
Writer/director Kim Nguyen ... takes us to a place most of us are lucky enough to barely imagine and does so with grace and sometimes even beauty .
While War Witch is a gorgeously made film with strong , natural performances from its leads .
This intense , gripping drama is utterly transporting .
Brutality and tenderness are a potent mix in `` War Witch . ''
As a 12-year-old African village girl kidnapped by rebels and forced into brutality , Mwanza guides the audience through a nightmare beyond most comprehension .
The movie is committed to revealing the world through Komona 's eyes , and you never feel a taint of voyeurism or condescension . It stays true to her .
Though ostensibly a character study , it 's nevertheless characterized by the vaguely moralizing tone of an issue film , one whose candor in face of brutality seems calculated for maximum liberal appeal .
War Witch is a remarkably mature portrait that trusts its audience to have their own reactions to its material ; it does n't yank at the heartstrings so much as expertly tune them .
It 's depressing stuff , to be sure , but it does a marvelous job at giving us an impressionistic taste of horrific circumstances without using them to beat us into submission .
Nguyen 's matter-of-fact storytelling proves to be the right match for a life of extraordinary suffering .
The film 's subject is almost too horrible to contemplate , but it finds a way to space out the blows without softening them .
Creative film storytelling at its finest and a truly unique coming-of-age tale .
... startling , hallucinogenic war drama
21st Century Africa presented as a godforsaken wasteland conjuring up primitive images reminiscent of the ghoulish dystopia chronicled by Conrad in Heart of Darkness .
Infused with Terrence Malick spices , War Witch aims for ambiance as a way to approach its searing images of war , keeping the viewer unnerved instead of outraged when inspecting the troubles of Africa .
What 's missing here , in order to raise it to a different status , is the fierce involvement that comes from someone who lives inside the picture and is therefore , personally concerned .
The sensitively imagined story of a child soldier in Africa makes War Witch a genre benchmark and a breakout work for writer-director Kim Nguyen .
Along with the moral lesson , Nguyen remembers to give auds some pleasures , including the exquisitely chosen soundtrack of African folk and pop music , Nicolas Bolduc 's cinematography and the very artful use of sound throughout .
Nguyen 's decision to look away from carnage and avoid melodrama is admirable , making room for sensitive and imaginative filmmaking , but it softens the blow the subject would otherwise deliver .
Rebelle is full of such careful detail , and is carried so beautifully by Mwanza 's performance , that questions of authenticity slide away .
The ghosts of murdered villagers that haunt a young girl brutally forced into slavery as a child soldier in Rebelle mirror the film 's dramatic effect on an audience .
While the film is certainly a potent and sometimes harrowing portrayal of injustice , it is not heavy-handed , but done with skill and sensitivity .
... an intriguing and frequently disturbing drama that tells an important story in an impressively even-handed way ...


@highlight

War Witch is a mature , intense drama that embraces the bruatlity of its subject and invites the audience to sympathize with its protagonist 's nightmarish circumstances .