Writer/director Tyler Perry is probably used to taking heat from the critics for his films , but he can rest knowing that his latest movie For Colored Girls ... is his best film yet . Even though that might not be attributed to his direction or writing .
And yet the film remains strangely watchable , even when it 's gone bonkers . Especially when it 's gone bonkers .
Perry aims high , and does n't embarrass himself in tackling this iconic but dated play .
`` For Colored Girls '' features a lot of heartache and pain , but lacks any sense of purpose . It sacrifices depth for despair and suffers because of it .
Best '' and `` worst '' , `` good '' and `` bad '' are judgment calls that seem unusually difficult to apply here ... -LSB- Tyler Perry 's -RSB- strangest and most endlessly fascinating film .
Perry 's awkwardly constructed screenplay and equally muddled direction is one ` metaphysical dilemma ' not even these strong , and strongly gifted , women can conquer .
Tyler Perry movies certainly have their place in society , as they undoubtedly have a strong moral core and are made with noble intentions . On the evidence of For Colored Girls though , he should leave the serious drama alone .
Almost everyone in the cast is too talented for this .
It 's refreshing to see an all black cast , in a film that places black women 's stories front and centre ; it 's just a shame that the stories are such downers .
Director Tyler Perry has taken on a huge task in bringing Ntozake Shange 's stage play For Colored Girls Who Have Considered Suicide When the Rainbow Is Enuf to the screen .
These performances are exceptional . While the structure of the film does n't work very well , there is nothing at all wrong with the acting .
` For Colored Girls ' does n't do justice to the play it 's based upon . However , the talent Tyler Perry has assembled here can not be denied .
A slice-of-life soap opera on what it 's like to be a black woman in America .
While gunning for the same empowering vibe as Waiting To Exhale , enduring this miserable effort from Tyler Perry is more like praying to expire .
Excruciating when it 's bad , which is far too often , but a brave failure in lots of ways .
Perry crafts poorly paced soap opera , playing out in the most obvious and crass manner possible the situations that the poems subtly dance around . Shange 's original text ...
At least an interesting failure .
Tyler Perry 's drama is beautifully acted but Ntozake Shange 's multiple , interlocking narratives ultimately defy his efforts to bring them to the screen .
So thickly does Perry lay on the sanctimony and self-pity , you begin to wonder if it 's all a spoof . Stick a Wayans brother in there and you could call it Tragic Movie .
Perry has assembled a formidable ensemble , including Loretta Devine , Kimberly Elise , Thandie Newton , Anika Noni Rose , Tessa Thompson , Kerry Washington , Whoopi Goldberg , Janet Jackson , Phylicia Rashad and , in the most searing cameo , Macy Gray .
Perry gives with one hand and takes with the other-the thrill of seeing these actresses `` do their stuff '' is decimated by Perry 's insistence on welding a plot and adding `` contemporary '' additions to Shange 's lyrical , timeless monologues .
Tyler Perry proves that he is even more ham-handed and cartoonish with drama than he is with his incredibly popular so-called comedies .
Tyler Perry goes art house with For Colored Girls -- and it 's both alarming and wonderful to behold .
... women are good and the men are , almost all , bad . It is a cliché overdone and , unless you are a die hard Tyler Perry fan , should be missed .
The basic plot and acting are good but those stilted monologues are entertainment killers .
Perry 's weakness for the lowest common denominator transforms both anger and affirmation into sludge , not great poetic cinema like Spielberg 's The Color Purple , Jonathan Demme 's Beloved or Rodrigo Garcia 's Mother and Child .
For Colored Girls is so shamelessly terrible it would make a great midnight hoot-fest , if you had the stomach to laugh at Shange or some of the best -LRB- and most underused -RRB- actresses of their generation ...
Go back and read the play .
... Tyler Perry at his best , delivering at last on his promise ...
Tyler Perry 's ambitious adaptation charts the black female experience in America and tackles the big issues : rape , infidelity , murder , mental illness , loneliness .
-LSB- Perry -RSB- pulls off disturbing moments by finding conviction and vulnerability in his performers .
Once again , favoring melodrama over reality , Perry overextends his bounds and delivers a poorly filmed series of worst-case scenarios elevated to tolerable heights by a fantastic cast .
Tyler Perry has Tyler Perried the hell out of this thing .
Tyler Perry is the most influential African-American director since Spike Lee , and certainly the most financially successful ever , none of which can disguise that he 's a terrible filmmaker .
Can a mid - '70s play consisting of 20 monologues delivered by seven women survive the transition to movie screens in 2010 ? The short answer : not if it 's adapted by Tyler Perry .
The thought-provoking material about women paying a high price for making bad choices and ultimately finding their own voice may work on stage , but it 's like putting a square peg in a round hole for a film .
Women may appreciate the message and sentiments expressed in Shange 's words , but they would have been even more effective if incorporated into a stronger story .
An ambitious adaptation of an iconic feminist work and bold experiment for a straightforward filmmaker who 's historically struggled to balance comedy with melodrama .
Ham-handed , obvious , overblown and pretentious , For Colored Girls is a plain disaster .
Director Tyler Perry 's For Colored Girls is a bold example of an artist 's reach exceeding his grasp . And it 's hard not to applaud his determination and grade for ambition .
It has two undeniable virtues , however : Perry 's bolder attitude as a writer and uniformly good work by his cast .
Tyler Perry melodrama deals with intense , disturbing themes .
Characters barely described in the play get turned into Tyler Perry clichés .
The entire film is suffocated by an inflated sense of self-worth - we are making a crucial movie of great pedigree about major underreported issues is the general attitude .
Any time -LSB- an actress -RSB- excels in a scene , its in spite of Perry 's uninspired contributions behind the camera and not because of them .
It 's not a perfect vehicle , but the one thing that stands out is the amazing acting by the ensemble . If anything , the performances outweigh whatever flaws one sees .
The movie ends with a group hug , but it takes date rape , STD 's , a ` down-low ' husband , teen pregnancy , girlfriend-beating , exorcism and even baby defenestration to get there .
Retains some of the inherent power of it source and features some strong performances in the process but never finds the narrative cohesion needed to translate it to modern movie audiences .
A veritable who 's - who of A-list African-American actresses -LRB- Janet Jackson , Whoopi Goldberg -RRB- populates For Colored Girls , and their performances keep this highly theatrical script from suffocating the big screen .
Perry gets points for persistence , yes , and for ambition . But that 's not enuf .
Shange 's words retain their power despite the melodramatic incidents Perry has woven to fill in the spaces between poems , his flat , TV-style direction and the highly variable performances of an all-star cast .
`` For Colored Girls '' may , in fact , be Perry 's best film -LRB- not saying a lot , I know -RRB- . It 's certainly his first bid , as a director , for art-house respectability .
While these two hours of hopelessness seem to argue that being an inner city black woman is the unluckiest roll of the dice , these ladies - even at their weakest - carry themselves with the confidence of winners , and we cling to their strength .
The film is a mawkish mess , only occasionally alleviated by the performances or Shange 's poetry .
-LSB- Tyler Perry -RSB- sings the song the way he likes it - with force , feeling and tremendous sincerity .
As often as Perry 's melodramatic storytelling hits the mark -LRB- Thandie Newton 's performance -RRB- , it misses at least as often -LRB- Whoopi Goldberg 's -RRB- .
Perry uses a very heavy hand to create melodrama when the material is dramatic enough .
Loopy , ill-paced , but often endearing , For Colored Girls owes everything to its powerhouse stable of actresses who manage to grab at the heart of Shange 's words and lift the film past its flaws .
It 's better to reach for the stars and not always succeed than to lazily play it safe , and For Colored Girls is nothing if not courageous .
... a series of filmed speeches studded with horrific bits of drama -LRB- for which Aaron Zigman 's score is turned to 11 -RRB- , but the actors keep much of it afloat .
The film is repetitive , monotonous and , like its source 's title , goes on way too long .
These words and these stories may still resonate with any woman who has struggled to love herself enough to expect and deserve love from others .
Shows a mastery of tone , a capacity to elicit strong performances and also to bring out different colors within those performances so that , when it all comes together , it 's not the same note sounding over and over . This is smart , lovely work .
Perry 's ambition in translating the work to the screen is determined and true ; the film 's main fascination is that of watching a director struggle to honor Shange 's choreopoem and then lose the battle not with the material but with himself .
The writer/director behind the exceedingly broad comedy of the Madea franchise approaches the hit 1970s Ntozake Shange play with a pragmatism that succeeds in form but not in function .
Fans of the original may be dismayed by his often-awkward adaptation , which turns too many of Shange 's survivors into victims . But it 's equally likely that his blunt , emotional approach -- using her words to create his own melodrama -- will connect ...
Monologues and melodrama rarely work in contemporary movies exploring social ills .
It is a film destined to polarize . Many will hate it . Hopefully more will love it , or at least allow room for it , for its raw brutality , its extremes , its difficult truths .
By casting a raft of magnetic actresses and focusing his work around their talents , Perry gives his film a power beyond the melodramatic twists and flat-footed dialogue .
Who could imagine , 35 years on , For Colored Girls would become a star-studded mess of a movie directed by a black , male Hollywood mogul ?
Shange gives us archetypes ; Perry trades in stereotypes .
For Colored Girls raises the question of whether Perry , having made more money than he could possibly spend , will now turn his attention to ever more challenging , if not so popular , stories and themes . If so , this film is a good first step .
The audience I saw it with did n't seem to know whether to clap when it was over or start taking Lipitor .
I used to think there was nothing worse in modern moviemaking than Perry 's unfunny , incompetent stooping for profit . It turns out that when he boldly and blatantly panders for prestige , he reaches even newer lows .
daring , provocative , and a little arrogant
There 's no right way to do an adaptation , particularly a difficult-to-adapt work like this , but there are plenty of wrong ways , and Perry 's film offers a casebook of things-not-to-do .
You have passages of great lyricism followed by somebody saying we should be `` there for each other . '' Ouch .
No question , Perry 's Girls is compelling and powerful . But it 's also a missed opportunity , one that fails to fully capitalize on mostly terrific performances and the story 's timeless message .
Perry benefits from the fire , heft , velocity , and lyricism of the language , but he also updates the material and makes it work onscreen , eliciting powerhouse performances from an ensemble of actresses .
Perry never solves the stage-to-screen translation problem . But the path he has chosen is as intriguing as it is irksome , and it works better than you might expect .
For Colored Girls feels like the cinematic equivalent to putting a garish reproduction of the Sistine Chapel on the ceiling of your McMansion and calling it art .
More Perry than Shange , and all the weaker for it .
The appeal of the original went far beyond the specifics of being black or female , in the '70s or any time . The adaptation 's limitations make the play seem quaint , out of date .
Perry has built a lucrative and beloved niche from films aimed specifically at black women , but none of those pictures bore the painfully theatrical artifice of For Colored Girls ...
Perry tries to be faithful to the play and also to his own boldly and simply told stories , and the two styles do n't fit together .
The centerpiece tragedy ... is so incompetently and appallingly staged that the film literally jumps the shark before your eyes -- no recovery is possible .
Perry has taken a groundbreaking , radical work of theater and turned it into just another cardboard Tyler Perry movie .
The actresses ' quiet pain balances out -LSB- Perry 's -RSB- penchant for exaggerated emotion .
The juiced up hysterics are exhausting and unyielding in their shrill tone , making a fool out of the original work , degrading sobering expressions of torment by turning the pain into Madea-slapped histrionics .
The film comes off as one long litany of lament and tragedy that never fits together .
-LSB- F -RSB- inally , Perry has made a film that does n't pander , that has something meaningful to say -- something actually worth hearing -- and that is more than merely watchable ...
This grave update of a 1975 play , which interweaves nine stories , wastes talents such as Janet Jackson and Thandie Newton .
The rich language of the ruminations are utterly disconnected from Perry 's dialogue .
Opening up the play might work , if Perry 's melodramatic intrusions contained a fraction of Shange 's emotional dexterity . You can easily tell when her lovely words end and his clunky ones begin , so drastic is the difference .
Perry has taken Shange 's feminist word-and-movement portraits of disenfranchised African-American women and turned those howls into ... a maddeningly choppy mess of a Tyler Perry movie .
Saying that For Colored Girls is the most disciplined , least clownish film that Tyler Perry has made is faint praise indeed . And that 's how it 's meant .
-LSB- Perry has -RSB- made what amounts to a tone-deaf musical of women 's hardships , one where stereotypes soliloquize rather than sing .
Herein lies an invitation for us all to move beyond victimhood ... and , in some cases , simply to get over ourselves .
Though striving for artistic legitimacy in bringing Shange 's incomparable play to the screen , Perry indulges his worst instincts for melodrama in For Colored Girls , shoehorning her text into his own tawdry narrative .
Tyler Perry utterly butchers Ntozake Shange 's theatrical tone poem to black female identity .
All that was missing was a pistol-packing granny in drag , chirrun !
For Colored Girls 's undiluted hysteria would be completely obscene if it were n't so unintentionally hilarious .
Action is missed thanks to poor camera work , the performances are bland , the characters are stale and , to top it all off , it concludes with an unintentionally silly group hug .
Hovering between theater and cinema , sociology and melodrama , poetry and narrative , Perry 's version of the noted play lacks subtlety , seldom finding the right tone to stir emotions through the the women 's monologues .
Though the text of the playwright 's most affecting poems is virtually intact , Perry has unmistakably wrestled Girls into the same soap-opera mold of his earlier pics .
Looking to dramatize the daily hardships of African-American women by focusing on nine diverse black females living in Harlem , this melodrama drowns in soap-opera theatrics .


@highlight

Tyler Perry has assembled a fine cast for this adaptation of the 1975 play , and his heart is obviously in the right place , but his fondness for melodrama cheapens a meaningful story .