I kid you not when I say I sat there wondering is there nothing more to this film ? Am I overlooking something ? I do n't think so , and I could n't wait for the lights to go up .
Light and disposable entertainment to be sure , but that trademark dry Gervais wit keeps the proceedings engaging enough .
As mildly amusing as it can be in places , it still wo n't convince non-fans that Gervais can play anything other than the fool .
Gervais ' satiric barbs on religion , beauty , disillusionment and the basic human need for hope aim for our comfort zones , and they all hit home .
The premise is clever but the film is not bold enough
The comedy is definitely there , but a heavy romantic focus drags it down in parts .
While there is nothing wrong with a comedy engaging in religious satire , neither Gervais nor Robinson seems willing to take on the topic thoughtfully .
A high-concept , laugh-free over-indulgence that blows up terribly in the face of its smug star .
Gervais 's attempts at ridiculing faith through satire only ends up becoming an offensive caricature backed with atheistic egotism .
There 's clear comic potential in the film 's high concept , and a fair amount of it is realized .
A wry case for atheism , The Invention of Lying would have sent many Americans into an uproar if anyone had bothered to see it .
Gervais has helped craft a funny but inconsistent film , yet I 'd be lying if I did n't mention that I appreciate the ambition and humor put into what could have been a one-note premise .
... its weakness is its lack of bite . It 's too sweet and gentle for its own good .
Mr. Gervais ... has given us a static , crass Phil Connors to introduce the world to belief in the supernatural . Where are the Ghostbusters when you need them ?
Somewhere between a great concept and an awful script The Invention of Lying got lost in its own truth gimmick . But the truth is , it starts bad and just gets worse .
Fans of Gervais from the classic TV shows Extras and The Office will enjoy the half-sentences , stop-start comic delivery and awkward pauses that have become his trademark .
The fatal flaw of The Invention of Lying is that the film conspires with the hero -- not against him -- in a way that 's ideologically driven and humourless .
A high-concept comedy with a low yield of laughs , The Invention of Lying fights a losing battle with what was never a winning idea for a movie .
Ricky Gervais ' new film is n't as out-and-out funny as you might have hoped , but it 's still got some funny moments .
Light , touching and entertaining , this comedy turns syrupy towards the end but is nonetheless sweetly affecting .
Ricky Gervais is a brave and creative talent and this subversive , ultimately romantic film about the value of white lies certainly has its moments .
There are cycles of inspiration and rebirth , but the barbed promise of the early going loses its way in choices aimed at sentimentality rather than , as Harvey Kurtzman memorably put it , humor in a jugular vein .
The premise allows the filmmakers latitude to invent a scenario that works as irony and satire about our modern world . It shows , humorously , how impossibly confronting it would be if we really did n't lie , flatter and smooth over our social interactions
A brilliant and original concept , The Invention of Lying is witty , seriously funny and utterly charming . The trick to it all is that Gervais ' alternate reality , where there is no deceit , flattery or fiction , is grounded solidly in a credible way
... becomes dizzyingly hilarious , mixed with genuine sympathy , while an amusing and subversive element grows slowly , beginning as fascinating and then stumbling into inevitability .
It 's a shame that the air gets let out of this one so suddenly , as if The Invention of Lying 's backbone gets ripped out of the film as the final act kicks into gear .
The star cameos in The Invention of Lying are non-stop , distracting , and always blatantly pointed out as if this were a Cannonball Run sequel .
It feels , in spirit , like a fable , in the mold of films like It 's a Wonderful Life or Miracle on 34th Street . I just wish it were better .
`` The Invention of Lying '' is like `` Groundhog Day , '' although not in the way it intends to be . Watching the film feels like you 're reliving the same lame scenes over and over , powerless to change what happens in this profoundly disappointing comedy .
All the dazzling , limitless comedic potential here , and we 're stuck waiting for the hot younger girl to wise up and learn to love the homely guy who wrote the movie ?
Flaccid rom-com uplift and cut-rate snark
One of the best and most thought-provoking American comedies to come along in some considerable time .
`` Fun ! ''
a terribly unwieldy vehicle built on an inherently funny premise that just ca n't sustain what Ricky Gervais and Matthew Robinson eventually want to heap on it
Ricky Gervais stars and directs and takes a good premise and some funny bits and tries to get philosophical , only to come up short in both laughs and depth .
I 'll bemoan the ending forever -LRB- or until they change it on DVD -RRB- , but right now I 'm still wondering how a movie with this radical a subtext got made at all .
The film has two very , very good ideas , but does n't fit them together well ; while its laughs are only sporadic , and the romantic subplot falls generally flat .
For a self-avowed atheist , Ricky Gervais certainly focuses a lot on spirituality in his movies .
Like ` Life of Brian , ' ` The Invention of Lying ' pokes fun at religious beliefs . Too bad it fails to emphasize the fun .
What was really clicking in a sort of Albert Brooks meets Woody Allen sort of way suddenly runs out of steam , the laughs still there just now fewer and much further between .
Gervais is reluctant to use his satiric bite to go for the throat . Instead , he just nibbles the edges of his premise , before retreating into romantic-comedy convention .
A funny , cleverly-conceived , heartfelt expression of a point of view that is not nearly my own .
There 's too much good here not to forgive the bad .
The Invention of Lying is a small comedy with big things on its mind . At its core beats an almost Capra-esque heart . But its reach exceeds its grasp and unfortunately , it fizzles in the end , falling far short of its lofty goals .
It 's a movie about something : The invention of lying and The Man in the Sky .
With any such script , one must suspend belief and go along for the ride .
Despite the promising premise and good performances all around , `` The Invention of Lying '' does n't quite hit on all cylinders .
Ricky Gervais not only made a movie that is n't funny , he manages to offend all people of faith .
It 's a very , very funny premise - for about 20 minutes .
... an extended sketch from a comedy show that outlasts its entertainment value long before the movie ends .
It 's bogged down in too many squishy romantic-comedy pieties .
I think the first half hour would be almost impossible to sustain because it is so inspired .
The last third of the movie is as bad as anything I 've seen this year , with the laughs trailing off , and half of the supporting characters , the zestier ones , being airbrushed from the frame .
Pushing the envelope with many jokes and original ideas it could have been a masterpiece , but turning it into a romantic comedy and starring Gervais does not make that true .
The Invention of Lying gleefully deconstructs the standard rom-com , but it has n't a prayer as an anti-religious screed .
A persuasive , comedic argument against the existence of God or a blasphemous reinvention of Jesus as a shameless con artist ? You be the judge .
Its strange concept and storyline make it something of a curiosity , too : you can have fun thinking about it even after it 's over .
That a great comic idea does not necessarily make for a great screen comedy is the lesson for first-time writer-director-star Ricky Gervais as he comes unstuck .
A little comedy that dares to think big , Ricky Gervais makes the leap to Hollywood comedy lead with aplomb in a sweet film that will give you a whole new appreciation of the power of telling porkies .
His comedy pretends to be unthreatening , a harmless little wheeze , and then pushes the envelope to its logical conclusion .
With nowhere to go , Gervais & Co get sentimental about the lovability of awkward , unattractive men , and the film fizzles out .
The Invention of Lying is an underdeveloped work from an overindulged comic .
A wryly amusing , imaginative tale .
Gervais pretty much reprises his earlier roles - wheeling out excruciating moments of discomfort - but it 's Garner who 's the comedy revelation here . Skittish , bright and vivacious , she plays her part to perfection .
Wittier than your average romcom , with a conceit that 'll have you dreaming up your own comedic reality checks . A treat for fans - but torture for those who have tired of Gervais ' naked ambition .
The simple truth is , any comedian could take Gervais ' place in the film , and you probably would n't notice . For a comic who likes to put his fingerprints on everything he does , it feels like he 's playing it safe .
The Invention Of Lying deserves high marks for cleverness , but low ones for humanity and warmth .
One of the lamest comedies of the year .
The Invention Of Lying is worth seeing , but it is n't a rush to see .
The laughs rain down early on ; later - Messiah moment apart - they thin to a drizzle , deprived of variation .
This topsy-turvy place has n't the watertight consistency to persuade us , and its star , for all his talent , is not a romantic comedian . That 's the truth as I see it .
A long , impressively clever sketch that gets hung up on being a sweet-and-sour romcom .
It 's a high-concept twist too far : in Liar Liar and Groundhog Day , the worlds themselves were believable ; whereas here the world -LRB- explained via a cumbersome opening voiceover -RRB- is simply too far-fetched and therefore lacks resonance .
Go in with -LRB- very -RRB- low expectations and they may just be surpassed .
Despite its flaws , The Invention of Lying is Gervais 's best film outing to date . It draws his talent into alignment with some comedy classics , and shows that he has the intelligence to go for invention and originality .
Fact : There 's good Gervais and bad Gervais . And this is him at his pompous worst - preachy , one-note and obsessed with smug celeb cameos .
It 's not perfect and , although there are a few dips in the flow , it 's still a punchy little comedy that 's mostly funny and charming .
Despite Gervais 's considerable creative input , The Invention of Lying is not very good . It seems stuck in strange limbo , torn between a desire to be both hip and cutting-edge and be a quality piece of accessible mainstream entertainment .
Watch Gervais ' face as Mark uses his new ability to provide encouragement , and enjoy a comedy that may be about the invention of lying but knows how to tell the truth .
Telling a whopper may be a good thing and the reason lying works so well on this planet . The truth is boring . That 's one The Invention of Lying 's points .
The Invention of Lying is n't atheist propoganda , it 's just a movie . And while it 's clever , it 's not ungodly funny . While Gervais is still working out the kinks of the filmmaking craft , his quirky comic writing and channeling of British Office
Honesty is the best policy , but as Gervais 's film makes clear , sometimes we need something more than just the facts .
Comparisons can be drawn to the much funnier and more entertaining `` Liar Liar '' and `` Yes Man '' that both starred Jim Carrey .
An initially funny comedy with an intriguing , amusing premise that quickly runs of out steam and ends up banal , unimaginative , silly and forgettable .
` The Invention of Lying ' is based on a simple idea , but Gervais and Robinson come up with seemingly endless ways to maximize it .
The emotions feel earned and the blending of tones recalls Lubitsch and Wilder .
Despite the ambitious scope of its premise , this confounding , disappointing and , in the end , depressing movie is content to devote 80 percent of its screen time to wondering who gets to kiss the girl .
The romantic plot , involving his unrequited loved for Garner , is soured by her character 's unconcealed shallowness .
The movie never surpasses the gleeful hilarity of the first 25 minutes , when it allows us to imagine just how crushing and soulless this nakedly Darwinian universe would be .
The Invention of Lying casts a critical light on the gullible and the guileless , the narrow minded and the unquestioning .
The movie is smart and silly .
Like many movies that try to stretch a sketch idea to 90 minutes or more , Lying starts to sputter early on .
There are definitely funny moments , particularly in the first half of the movie , but not enough to sustain the comedy throughout its 100 minute running time .
We can not tell a lie : This one is missable .
-LSB- It -RSB- does have its moments -- most of them courtesy of Gervais and his very specific brand of self-deprecating , always equivocating comedy -- just not nearly enough of them .
All this is very , very funny .
The film touches on subjects as strange as reality television and as profound as the nature of true love , the integrity of religion , or the value of genetics in relationships . Yet it does so with whimsy , gentle sarcasm and entertaining wit .
The Invention of Lying proves that a killer cast and an amazing , unique concept can take you a long way .
The result is an erratically funny but often frustrating comedy , with an interesting premise hobbled by internal inconsistencies and uneven writing .
The tone remains the same throughout , though , good spirited and high minded without pretensions . It remains funny -- but forsakes its potential to be a truly original comedy start-to-finish .
Gervais ' irreverent fable looks at truth , lies , and faith .
A rare achievement for a romantic comedy -- bringing us to a closer and deeper sensitivity to the sharp edges of honesty and the ways in which deceptions can both heal and harm .
The cascade of ideas proves to be both pleasurable and frustrating . As the movie retreats into a happy-ever-after ending , even its outrageous lies seem more like little white ones .
There 's no doubting that this is one comic who can really act . But maybe Gervais should leave the directing to someone who knows how to tell funny stories on film , if such a talent can be found these days .
It would be such a joy to bend the truth and say that The Invention of Lying lives up to the potential of its inspired premise .
The film has such a promising and hilarious start but there is nothing worse than feeling the comedy get sucked right out of a film .
`` The Invention of Lying '' harvests so many sharp laughs from its fertile premise , it 's too bad the picture slides into gooey platitude at the end . Getting to that point , though , is a lot of fun .
The invention of The Invention of Lying is delicious . But a few false moves along the way drag down what could have been a brilliant flight of fancy
never sacrifices its considerable humor , nor its even more considerable acuity , when it comes to parsing human nature
The small-town Massachusetts settings are certainly fresh , and some of the involuntary confessions are fun . But , all in all , itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s not a great comedy . And thatâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s no lie .
By adhering to the romantic-comedy formula , The Invention of Lying stops short of being truly inventive . But enough sequences are fresh and inspired to make this a comedy honestly worth catching .
Given the boldness of the topic , it 's surprising how bland and toothless Invention is .
Mr. Gervais 's long-established gift for small-screen comedy goes terribly slack , leaving him likable , as always , but , on the big screen , looking lost .
To tell the truth , The Invention of Lying is a funny movie that fails to deliver on its first-half potential .
There 's no hope that Gervais ' performance in The Invention of Lying will open up new hope for a different kind of leading man -- and that 's what makes his resoluteness so great .
The Invention of Lying , Iâ -LRB- TM -RRB- m happy to report , is true . And it is a romantic comedy in the best sense of the term .
It 's a fantastic high concept to wrap the film around , and Gervais comes close to fulfilling its potential , especially when he tells a comforting deathbed lie to his dying mother and accidentally invents religion .
Marketed as a romantic comedy , The Invention of Lying turns out to be a dour , shouty atheist manifesto .
It 's no fun watching Gervais work out a tired fantasy of turning hot babes into chubby chasers . We want Gervais in all his merry , malicious glory . That 's no lie .
The Invention of Lying , in addition to being very funny and inventive , is an attempt at a genuine statement about life , social discourse and morality .
Gervais is threatening to turn into Woody Allen : a director who clogs his films with famous faces and whose plots revolve around pretty women realizing how wonderful he is .
Watchable comedy with an intriguing premise , but it loses its way badly in the second half and almost drowns in a sea of ill-advised product placement .
Ultimately , the small-scale , often downbeat jokes in Lying never quite match the grand concept .
The movie backs down from anything really savage here . It winds up by spending most of its time solving the romance , which , frankly , just is n't as interesting .
A mostly funny if melancholic defense of deceit .
-LSB- T -RSB- rue uncomfortable brilliance ... downright seditious ... ask -LSB- s -RSB- probing questions about the lies that we , in our world , may be dealing with on a daily basis ...
Parental Content Review
A fairly sublime farce that takes a brilliantly simple conceit and spins it out in ways that are original , intelligent and incredibly funny .
Its later digression in tone and reliance on formula are alternately incompatible and lesser than what comes before it .
Honestly , I enjoyed the ever-amusing Ricky Gervais , and there is an oddly emotional moving mom/son scene , but the film , sadly , is n't so amusing .
Satiric , smart , sassy , and most of all subversive .
While -LRB- The Invention of Lying -RRB- is n't perfect , it is certainly bold and bizarre enough to make it worth seeing as a swift , smart standout in a movie marketplace where so many comedies are gutless , brainless husks .
What you might not expect -LRB- and what I 'm here to proclaim as fact -RRB- is a fascinating atheistic viewpoint that not only runs through the movie but drives the plot forward .
-LSB- A -RSB- droll , witty and thoughtful comedy about the thing that really makes the world go round .
Ultimately , the atheist gospel according to Ricky Gervais is too preachy for its own good .
does n't dare venture into the grey moral shadows of lying nor even uses its premise in a clever , entertaining way .
Sublimely funny , slyly satirical and deliberately designed to upset Aunt Prissy , The Invention of Lying weaves quite a wicked web .
Perhaps bites off more than it can comfortably chew , but is n't without a pleasing portion of food for thought for viewers tired of being unchallenged by mainstream studio fare .
Someday , Gervais will make a screen comedy both brilliant and consistent ; in the meantime , The Invention of Lying will pass the time .
Here 's a philosophical question worth pondering : If only half of the movie is a bad rom-com , is it half-empty or half-full ?
With The Invention of Lying , the British comic actor Ricky Gervais has come up with a wickedly funny idea for a movie -- and then purged the wickedness right out of it . -
Lying remains sweetly pleasant but threatens to become as bland as the world in which it 's set , and previously took such pleasure in exploring .
Ricky Gervais and Matthew Robinson ... take the old adage ` if God did n't exist , man would have to invent him ' and have their main character do just that . Unfortunately , the underpinnings of their conceit do n't hold up very well ...
The problem with `` Invention '' is that it ultimately rests not on critiques of religion or evolution , but the nuts and bolts of romantic comedy .
This high-concept comedy , about the first person to develop the ability to lie , is wildly uneven but features a few laughs , cameos galore , and an indictment of organized religion that would make Bill Maher proud .
It also runs out of steam abruptly , as if there were nowhere else to go , but Gervais ' wickedly sly concept lingers quite awhile after the final chuckle . And that 's the truth .
Lying ambitiously stakes its claim to the highest level of film comedies . And by doing so , it just might be the best comedy of the year . Honestly .
This entertaining and thought provoking movie ultimately urges the viewer to consider how important the truth is and where lies fit in to our lives .
The movie regularly suggests that lying , or believing lies , is how people flourish in a world where truth can be debilitating .
Lying is about love , with Gervais and Robinson scripting a lazy McConaugheyesque wedding break-up scenario for an ending -LRB- cue the Supertramp ! -RRB- , which plays it awfully safe considering the rest of the film has the seeds to noogie organized religion .
Starts with a clever premise and raises the prospect of really biting satire , only to trail off into weakly sweet comedy that falls far short of its potential .
Gervais is an expert at creating half-hour sitcoms , but not so adept when it comes to 90-minute pieces that place more emphasis on pathos and drama .
There are a few funny bits sprinkled throughout , but the premise of the movie never goes anywhere particularly interesting , even with the potentially outrageous subplot regarding religion as an outgrowth of chicanery .
Gervais , who co-directed and co-wrote with Matthew Robinson , walks a delicate tightrope above hazardous chasms .
The problem of The Invention of Lying is n't the single joke % u2013 it 's the lack of others to flesh it out ... Consider this one a swing and a miss .
There are plenty of solid laughs along the way , but Gervais should have been much bolder with the idea .
A premise worthy of a vintage screwball farce is developed into a breezy , crowd-pleasing comedy in The Invention Of Lying .
The Invention Of Lying is the smartest comedy of the year , and each and every laugh lands like a punch , bruising even as it entertains .
While it never tops the explosive hilarity of its first 20 minutes , The Invention of Lying is a smartly written , nicely layered comedy .
One of the fall 's funniest films -- honest .
The Invention of Lying sets its sights high before settling for comfortable lovey-dovey convention .
The Invention of Lying is an ambitious attempt to smash the wedding cake and eat it , too ; but to say it succeeds would be stretching the truth .
The Invention of Lying feels a little too much like a wasted opportunity .
It 's awkward and ungainly , but more often than not The Invention of Lying is also touching , moving , and flat out funny .
The truth ? Ricky Gervais ' jolting philosophical comedy The Invention of Lying is seriously subversive . What other rom-com would spend so much time making a convincing case that belief in an afterlife is a harmless load of bollocks ?
Gervais ' ridicule proves his lack of sophistication . Not only the most brutally photographed movie of the year , The Invention of Lying is so foully directed and carelessly acted it ultimately proves disingenuous .
Lying is good , but it could have been great . And that 's no lie .
Once the sharp , clever satire gives way to what feels like a special must-see-TV episode , the movie 's promise slowly deflates . Does that seem unduly mean ? Sometimes the truth hurts .
Lying brushes more big ideas than commonplace comedies , but has n't taken those ideas through enough drafts to work out their implications or -- harder still -- make them killingly funny .
Ricky Gervais ' elegant and ambitious comedy is profoundly funny . While not perfect , its sheer inventiveness makes this one a true treat .
Proof that when you aim for the stars , sometimes you find a black hole . Hopefully just an anomaly for the usually wonderful Gervais .
Invention of Lying has more than its fair share of genuine laughs to go along with its abundance of heart .
The Invention of Lying deserves to take its place as a modern American comedy classic right alongside such worthy counterparts as Groundhog Day and Idiocracy .
... certain sequences work a whole lot better than others .
The movie is something rare , a boisterous American comedy with the power to trigger philosophical disputes -- even , if taken really seriously , fisticuffs . One can hope !
This film is loads of fun and boasts an all star comic cast , featuring Gervais with Jennifer Garner , Tina Fey , Louis C.K. , Jonah Hill and Rob Lowe . Their spirited interaction with this clever script is worth the price of admission alone
A promising premise about the machinations of the sole liar in a world without deception sputters out way too soon .
A disapointment - but still worth seeing .
An okay film with a funny premise that offers enough laughs to excuse the weaker direction .









@highlight

It does n't quite follow through on its promise , and relies too heavily on shopworn romantic comedy tropes , but The Invention of Lying is uncommonly sly and funny .