There 's enough bandwidth in the compelling , stylishly visualised concept to sustain it .
A tepid crime movie that uses technology and graphics merely to add a bit of zest .
With cool graphics showing a paranoid world where digital surveillance meshes with nearly all aspects of life , `` Anon '' is a taut , cerebral thriller .
While the film 's central concept is , if hardly groundbreaking , at least somewhat compelling , -LSB- director Andrew -RSB- Niccol is so determined to evoke noir in his storytelling that any twists and turns can be seen from miles away .
An unsatisfying final act spoils some of the fun , but Anon is an otherwise engaging effort and worth checking out on Netflix .
The big aesthetic misstep is the film 's claustrophobic , suffocating reliance on a greyed-out color palette .
Anon has a harebrained plot , scene after scene of actors staring blankly into space -LRB- scrolling through their enhanced vision -RRB- , zero romantic chemistry between the two leads , and a twist of an ending that makes you shrug .
An undeniably stylish-looking film noir but is hampered by an overworked screenplay .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Andrew Niccol makes Anon a reflective text about the value of the person in the future ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Owen does n't so much chew the scenery as have a staring match with it .
Niccol has framed his story in a world of dimly-lit interiors in soft browns and creams , devoid of human warmth but decorated with carefully-placed and exquisitely-curated artefacts .
Flat and confused sci-fi thriller is low on logic and , well , thrills .
Owen and Seyfried never get airborne , neither seeming invested or energised by the material . You do n't blame them .
The ideas are interesting ; the execution is n't .
The tone-deaf execution of the film - all flat-line delivery and awkward pauses - rather undermines the intelligence of the premise .
Anon ends up feeling like a cheerless retread of Minority Report .
This sci-fi riff on the end of privacy is not as provocative as it would like to be , and its mystery completely falls apart in the end . But its visual worldbuilding is fascinating .
This slick techno-thriller is by no means the worst Netflix Original feature movie to drop in 2018 . Nevertheless , considering its strong casting and creative pedigree , it could have been a whole lot better .
All we 're missing is a story worth caring about .
Not everything works ... -LSB- but -RSB- Anon is spot on when it comes to our growing angst about snooping and sharing .
The end result is a movie that feels too pleased with its own cleverness to do anything more than glance at its philosophical themes .
Ends up like an episode of Black Mirror without the jokes . Or much of the drama .
Entertaining and intriguing - even if it provokes privacy concerns .
A detective story that 's riveting at times , but also periodically ridiculous , remaining in line with the helmer 's frustratingly uneven filmography .
In its weaker moments , Anon feels less like a traditional detective story than an exercise in computer search engine sleuthing . Too many digital bells and whistles get in the way of an otherwise conventional detective story .
It is cold , detached and one note - a note so subdued it becomes soporific .
You ca n't steal from every single stylistic choice from the history of sci-fi thrillers and not expect a complete train wreck .
More potent as a cautionary tale than future noir , Anon 's digital dystopia certainly gets a Like , even if it does n't quite warrant a Share .
Anon is essentially an extended Black Mirror episode . Unfortunately , it plays like one of the more mediocre offerings from that series .
Filmmaker Andrew Niccol , working from his own screenplay , does an absolutely astonishing job of initially establishing the futuristic landscape wherein the plot transpires ...
Packed with fascinating touches .
Holes , stiff formalities , and a dithering story can be forgiven when Anon often feels so thoughtful and even compelling .
Anon 's storyline is forgettable and the movie ends with an unsatisfying mixture of confusion and predictability .
The script 's heady intent proves to be exhausting , reducing a third act twist to a shoulder shrug , and a seemingly profound final line about life off the grid into a blank expression .
The story works well enough in its own moodily familiar way , but it 's not only the movie 's palette that 's stylishly leached of color ...
Now we can add Seyfried 's confident and subtle work as a character known only as the Girl in `` Anon , '' a slick and satisfying mind-trip of a sci-fi murder mystery .
Anon keeps scraping at compelling ideas , but it 's paced far too slowly and looks too visually messy to hold interest .
Not the Andrew Niccol `` comeback '' one might have hoped for . Stylish , striking but empty .
It 's an amiable thriller that will definitely account for an enjoyable couple of hours in the lives of Netflix subscribers , though it likely wo n't leave the same impact as Niccol 's best work .
Clive Owen looks glum and bored for most of Anon , and many movie fans will empathize .
Andrew Niccol brings another of his Philip K Dick-style futurist high concepts to the movie screen , and it does n't entirely come off .
A high-concept popcorn movie and none the worse for that , Anon gets the tech noir job done and will leave you pondering your digital footprint as you nervously exit the theatre . Mind the step .
Starts off great , but quickly gets bogged down in a boring mystery that never picks up momentum .

@highlight

Lacking enough depth to fulfill its evident ambitions or enough excitement to work as a sci-fi action thriller , Anon lives down to its title in the most glumly predictable ways .