Inundated with liches and lazy plot twists , this Dwayne Johnson vehicle is a complete waste of time .
enough grunt to send audiences home feeling there 's potential in the former wrestler as the successor to Schwarzenegger and company
If this was a tiny bit smarter -LRB- think Desperado , or even Kill Bill Vol . 1 -RRB- or a whole lot dumber -LRB- Machete -RRB- , it would be so much nearer to hitting its target .
A hollow poser through and through .
There are a lot of good examples of films that explore the deeper conflict and hypocrisies surrounding the brutality of getting even and the toll it takes on the soul/psyche of the vengeful person . This ai n't one of those movies .
Who is the unseen Mr Big who masterminded the massacre ? The answers to these questions prove to be not particularly interesting , and the religiose conclusion appears to be a bid for support from the Bible Belt .
A slow , turgid thriller featuring pointless and poorly executed car chases , chasm-like logic gaps , dreary characters and phoned-in performances .
It 's an exercise in synthetic attitude , and proof that Jason Statham , with his not-dissimilar Charles Bronson remake The Mechanic , has dislodged Johnson as the more reliable tough action star de nos jours .
Writers Tony and Joe Gayton feed the trio just enough lines to make it seem like a team effort .
Packed with car chases and shoot outs , this is n't subtle , but there are some unexpected twists and surprisingly well-rounded characters , particularly Thornton 's detective .
It 's the sort of film where somebody can be shot through the back of the head yet still get up and walk .
An unremarkable B-movie revenge thriller .
What this has over other action fare is that all the main players have the ability to emote ; say what you like about Johnson , he has enough presence and charisma to make this old vehicle purr .
Director George Tillman Jr keeps revving it up , but this just gets tangled and boring .
Johnson has just hit rock bottom .
The artist formerly known as `` The Rock '' deserves so much better .
Faster is sufficiently visceral to offer the sort of puerile pleasure that many will happily plead guilty for at the box office .
It 's glossily entertaining stuff . And yeah , it 's fast-ish ... though Furiouser nails it better .
Fast-paced and tightly written , this is an entertaining revenge thriller with strong performances , exciting action sequences and an impressively stripped down aesthetic that works well .
If for some reason you thought you could n't get bored of watching a former WWE champion lurching around shooting people in the head , you were wrong .
As a violent but mediocre nod to '70s action thrillers , it 's a curiously inert affair , leaving the one-time Rock to pass the time by shooting people in the head . Missable .
Although they 're all indebted to some other film , there are some nice touches here .
If Faster were made 35 years ago or by the French or Japanese , it would be one of those grimy , long forgotten films you expect Quentin Tarantino to be touting .
How do we know that The Driver is a bad mf ? Why , the first thing The Driver does once he 's beyond the prison doors is to tear up the business card that the warden gave him . What is the essence of a man ... who can tear up cardboard with such vigor ?
With a comically masculine vibe , this grisly rampage of revenge is inventive enough to hold our interest . Although even a tiny flicker of knowing dry humour would have made it a lot more entertaining .
Faster is many things ; none good . It 's a languid , sub-CSI police procedural intertwined with a sluggish revenge flick and drizzled with the inane relationship dramas of a newly married hitman struggling to figure out his work/life balance .
Cutting right to the chase , Faster seldom slows down .
Faster surprises with its mix of heavy drama and action , yet takes itself to darn seriously .
A vicious revenge flick riddled with unfulfilled ambitions .
So what if Faster does n't quite hang together as a movie ? It is still worth hanging out with if you 're that particular type of action fan with a hankering for home-brand hard-assedness .
The screenwriters should have centred the story around Jackson-Cohen 's character instead . It would have made for a better film .
A soulless revenge movie where the uber-slick , uber-hackneyed design takes precedence over story , character and theme may stir a few looking for a flick with fast cars , slow men and the rule of the gun , but it 's mostly laborious and often ludicrous .
Faster slides between tones like a blues guitarist between frets -- mingling Biblical allegory with blatant parody , yet never letting one cancel the other out .
A surprisingly above-par actioner .
Faster is not fast enough . It 's a bloody revenge fantasy starring the massively muscled Dwayne Johnson , whose emotions run the gamut from A to , well , A .
While it sticks to the formula of a revenge thriller , the characters are fully realised , surprisingly transforming this into a compelling human drama .
There 's a primal intensity , both adrenal and emotional , flowing through Tillman Jr 's frenetic direction and Johnson 's gritty performance that suggests there 's more going on under the hood than the stock fittings let on .
The redeeming factors of this heavy-handed , dumbed down movie for action-loving young males are its eccentricities and contradictions .
It 's about time Dwayne Johnson got back down to business . After silly Disney ventures such as ` The Tooth Fairy ' and ` Race to Witch Mountain , ' Johnson finally is featured in material for which he was born .
When it was over I 'd almost forgotten what I 'd liked about it in the first place , my initial goodwill shot dead by a script that refused to know when enough was enough .
Logic does n't slow Johnson 's Faster .
... the story line , which includes a theme of moral renascence of forgiveness and redemption , elevated the film above what one generally gets in this genre .
... a watchable yet unsatisfying thriller that begins to evaporate from one 's memory minutes after it ends ...
By and large , Faster is what would happen if Michael Bay channeled one of Donald Westlake 's Parker novels , recently back in vogue .
What sends Faster into headache-inducing territory long before the uninspired-twist climax are the nauseatingly edited chase scenes and plot holes large enough to drive a Mustang through .
This is a movie on the verge of being great but it never gets there . It is too much Rock and not enough Dwayne Johnson .
has a hard time matching Johnson 's heavy forward momentum , primarily because the film is stacked so heavily with subplots that are constantly taking us away from The Artist Formerly Known as The Rock
Riotously surreal and willfully so , it showcases Dwayne Johnson 's star power , not to mention his pecs
Take `` Kill Bill , '' remove all wit , characterization , style , originality and anything else that made it entertaining ... that will get you close enough to the experience of seeing `` Faster . '' .
A violent , smart return from Disney-land to a lethal landscape better suited for a man with ` guns ' for arms and a head shaped like a bullet .
Faster is smarter , deeper and all around better than the mediocre movies that were initially Dwayne Johnson 's bread and butter . If some rickety plot mechanics prevent it from fully making the grade , it still registers as a worthy try .
Johnson , as WWE fans quickly learned , has charisma to spare . In person , he is sharp-witted , funny and effortlessly engaging . Those qualities translate easily to the screen , but ` Faster ' never gives him a chance .
Casting Billy Bob Thornton in Faster means it 's more than just a generic action vehicle for the man once known as The Rock .
Just released from a 10-year stint in jail , the Rock looks more like the Hulk , stomping across the landscape , bent on revenge . Maybe it 's a ruse -- he 's trying to scare away any further offers for family films .
May look like another brain-dead action picture , but it 's surprisingly thoughtful and emotionally effective .
Empty , fleeting stuff that resonates only long enough for the next car chase/fight scene/shoot-out to come along .
Perhaps it was unnecessary , but there are moments of great art in Faster , teasing that perhaps George Tillman Jr. may one day make a great film .
Faster is empty-calorie action trying to disguise itself as gourmet genre dining . Not that those empty calories ca n't be tasty - they 're just so damned forgettable .
A film like this lives and dies with its action . Here , director George Tillman Jr. goes the minimalist route for the most part , and it 's a good decision . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
Only Gugino , one of the most underrated actresses in Hollywood , displays emotional complexity - and do you really need that in an action flick ? Actually , yes .
Faster was built for speed , and for an action-savvy audience who can appreciate a throwaway vengeance flick for exactly what it is .
In Faster , the cliches -- er , characters -- are n't named , they 're labelled . -LRB- Better to keep track of them that way . -RRB-
Structurally `` Faster '' is as blocky as its star . Fancy camera angles and changes in hue can not camouflage its stumbling , blunt-force narrative style , in which plot turns are dropped like bricks .
The Killer subplot looks and feels like it was grafted on with Krazy Glue . Thornton 's character never adds up . And the film 's big whiplash surprise ending is a real you 've - got-to-be-kidding groaner .
By the end of this underwritten wanna-B movie , only the black-and-white muscle car is left standing with its dignity intact .
Despite much effort , neither Johnson nor director George Tillman Jr. can make this preposterous tale , the latest misfire from CBS Films , live up to its title .
Johnson 's performance is one of seething rage camouflaging emotional scars as ugly as the physical ones , a grim , single-minded figure straight out of a Jim Thompson or Richard Stark novel .
Watching Driver peel rubber proves B grade action movies are a welcome diversion in the era of CGI blockbusters . If only Faster did n't fizzle each time Johnson put down his gun .
Faster actually wants us to take this seriously , and it 's crushed under its own weight with this assertion .
Faster turns out to be a better-than-average vendetta film with enough forward momentum to k.eep audiences glued -LRB- Elmer 's , not Super -RRB- to their seats
After an initial burst of energy , things trudge along .
Why did n't they just call the movie Kill Them All ?
Tillman Jr. never does find an interesting way to intertwine the three stories , leaving the tale of justice and injustice disjointed and disappointing .
There 's actually a lot of things to like about Faster , but the final mixture of dissimilar elements leaves us with a strange creature whose head does n't quite know what its tail is doing .
Johnson 's movies work best when he 's playing his funny opposite . Comedy is hard . Badass is not .
Despite its shortcomings , including a predictable plot twist , `` Faster '' is n't the turkey you might expect it to be .
Most of it is pretty predictable , familiar stuff . But Dwayne Johnson has a presence whose sum is more than the total of his acting parts .
Sometimes all you really want is a cheese sandwich . Sometimes it 's fun to be 12 , for a while .
An action thriller that , while flawed , still reminds us that , if he really wanted to , The Rock could still become the next Schwarzenegger .
Rotate the plot , change the period , spruce up the dialogue , and this could have been a hard-boiled 1940s noir . But it does n't pause for fine touches and efficiently delivers action for an audience that likes one-course meals .
The woozy sense of sick does n't make it to the very end , but it carries the picture far enough to extract a faint recommendation , especially to anyone feeling nauseated by Johnson 's recent career choices .
There is nothing subtle about `` Faster , '' and that 's the best thing about it .
Faster ... leaves it to Johnson -- as deadly focused as a gunsight -- to make it all believable . The problem is , he ca n't . .
Taut and economical , saying a lot as the characters say little .
-LSB- Dwayne Johnson -RSB- does n't speak a lot -LRB- he 's only gets chatty in his kiddie flicks -RRB- , but that 's fine . He can stare down with the best of them .
Dwayne Johnson finally back as a badass , a classic , hot rod Chevy SS with a Hurst 5-speed , a big honking revolver - all brought together in a revenge flick ... What 's not to like ?
It 's not particularly good , but at least The Rock is n't wearing a tutu .
The Rock did n't start calling himself by his actual name , Dwayne Johnson , so he could make garbage like `` Faster . ''
`` Faster '' is meat-and-potatoes action with a side of crazy .
... a film as brutally simple and yet unexpectedly complex as ` Faster ' becomes a pleasure in and of itself , and a thing to be cherished .
It 's as fun as it sounds , but only up to a point .
This is not some amped-up rock 'em sock 'em rollercoaster ride . Instead , director George Tillman Jr. wants to explore the darker , more psychologically destructive side of revenge
As films of this genre go , Faster is a middle-of-the-road offering , but those expecting something fast-paced and frenetic are likely to be disappointed .
There are a couple of plot twists that -- carefully seeded into the story -- are intended to shock and surprise but actually come across as contrived and highly implausible .
Self-parody could have worked here , had it been handled smartly . The core elements to the story are solid ; the execution of them is not .
The script by Tony Gayton and Joe Gayton is n't really a vehicle for Johnson ; it 's more of a three-headed narrative that keeps knocking heads .
This misfired actioner marks Dwayne Johnson 's return to muscle movies , this time without any measurable humor .
A throwback to the '70s -- straight action with a few clever twists , all anchored by solid characters actors
Trying to marry a stylish B-movie revenge actioner to a more thoughtful exploration of forgiveness and guilt , Faster ends up a well-intentioned muddle .
The Rock 's born again bad guy with a good heart propels this meaty plot to the edge and back as a formidable screen presence . And one who can impressively multitask terror and tenderness in smooth succession , who knew .
It 's assembly-line junk right down to its glaringly obvious twist ending .
Tillman brings out the best in The Rock , a performer whose presence can outweigh his acting chops .
The movie is in such a hurry that it does n't bother to slow down for proper names , instead referring to its main characters as archetypes .
Hardcore , but also heavily flawed action flick . Johnson seems to be playing a supporting role in his own movie .
Packed with unexpected stillness and a number of tough , adrenaline-boosting action sequences , Faster is cool and crisp where movies like Salt are just loud and dumb .
Whatever brownie points Tillman scored with `` Notorious '' , `` Faster '' is that wake-up call that he 's no John Woo .
-LSB- Faster is -RSB- one of those better-than-it-needs-to-be examples of a genre that could easily cross over to a larger audience as well .
Faster is also furious .


@highlight

It 's good to see Dwayne Johnson back in full-throttle action mode , but Faster does n't deliver enough of the high-octane thrills promised by its title .