The movie is worth seeing even now , if for no other aim than to show a man ambitiously experimenting with the devious facets that would inspire greater films .
An exercise made by an enormously talented constructor of thrillers in the most fertile period of his career .
The risk with clever thrillers is always that they will focus on pleasing the intellect at the expense of developing more depth . Dial M For Murder is a different kind of animal .
Rather than let someone else mess with a play that has a formal perfection , Hitchcock did the adaptation himself , his only such credit while in Hollywood .
Milland 's sinister sophistication catches the eye , but Kelly 's subtly shaded suffering is superb .
Ray Milland is great as cold fish Tony Wendice , a former tennis pro who plans to bump off his adulterous wife . Still , Grace Kelly is mis-cast -LRB- or misdirected -RRB- as the spouse in question .
The depth of focus , framing of characters and objects and use of the claustrophobic sets add extra pleasure to what was already a thoroughly enjoyable `` perfect crime '' nail-biter .
The set-up is ingenious and the `` kill '' scene genuinely thrilling .
Grace Kelly reaches out into the audience for murder scissors ; foreground tea tables all but clonk your knees ; a tell-tale door key - how many Hitchcock revelation moments feature those ! - is brandished inches from your nose .
Second tier Hitch perhaps , but no less enjoyable for it , and still a marvel of cinematic technique .
Despite Hitchcock 's own reservations this is definitely worth a look . Interesting to his aficionados and darkly funny and depressing in turns .
A tightly wound psychological parlour game , expanded only slightly from its claustrophobic stage roots .
This second-tier Hitchcock is best known for Grace Kelly 's star turn and sleek production values , including use of 3D .
Dial M for Murder is often dismissed as lesser Hitchcock , yet its intricate plot and sterling performances thrill me every time I watch it .
Based on a magnificently intricate script ... it benefits immensely from Hitchcock 's razor-sharp direction .
... a completely watchable yet less-than-consistent effort from Hitchcock ...
In Alfred Hitchcock 's Dial M for Murder , even the innocent have poker faces .
The fun of Dial M lies in its duel of wits ...
A modest thriller in comparison to Hitchcock 's later works , but one that 's nonetheless taut and cleverly managed .
Dial M is less a filmed play than a highly cinematic investigation of theatricality .
Dial M remains more of a filmed play than a motion picture , unfortunately revealed as a conversation piece about murder which talks up much more suspense than it actually delivers .
Lower case Hitch , but diverting and sleek .
The screenplay tends to constrain rather than liberate Hitchcock 's thematic thrust , but there is much of technical value in his geometric survey of the scene and the elaborate strategies employed to transfer audience sympathy among the main characters .
It all moves along in a rather efficient if lifeless fashion , with only John Williams shining as a canny police detective .
While it 's true that Hitchcock left most of the play 's dialogue intact and kept the single setting of the play 's apartment , he did quite a bit more to bring the story to life .
Critics seem to prefer the more theatrical , psychological melodramas to the brainy whodunits . But pay no attention - this film is definitely a classic
Mildly enjoyable .
Not first-class Hitchcock , but not bad , either
This staid melodrama falls far below Hitchcock 's standards .
A merely adequate Hitchcock thriller .
A rare and accomplished example of the work of Hitchcock the Minimalist .
-LSB- Hitchcock -RSB- tried once before , in Rope , to build up a whole continuous drama in one set . He was n't as successful in that venture . Dial M has all the space it needs .
Was by far the most visually compelling of studio stereoscopic movies .
A rare and exciting experience .










@highlight

Dial M for Murder may be slightly off-peak Hitchcock , but by any other standard , it 's a sophisticated , chillingly sinister thriller -- and one that boasts an unforgettable performance from Grace Kelly to boot .