The poor woman -LSB- Hunt -RSB- deserves a better movie .
Trying to establish a serio-comic tone is a task best suited for seasoned directors . Given that a boom microphone drops into the film frame at least twice , Hunt has more basic production elements to master .
Unexpectedly sharp , light and appealing ; a testament to Hunt 's skills behind the camera .
Everyone acts decently and you have to praise Hunt for her tenacity . But this suffers from some fairly dire cinematography and a manufactured air that prevents the watcher connecting to the whole thing .
For all its half-hearted attempts to trip expectation , Hunt 's adaptation of Elinor Lipman 's novel is ultimately a romcom wherein themes of adoption and betrayal come with too much sensitive , careworn soul-searching .
Hunt 's lovely voice , pitched in that diurnal-dizzy limbo between mezzo and soprano , is perfect for mid-life crisis . So is her gawky , strung-out , tragicomical body language .
The loudest laughs in this `` serious comedy '' came from three brief appearances by author Salman Rushdie as a doctor .
Given its cast and source material - Elinor Lipman 's highly-regarded novel - it all makes for a highly disappointing experience .
Unendurable American middle-aged whingeing .
All in all , not quite as good as it gets .
This is not without its attractions - an occasionally waspishly witty script and some unexpected dramatic tangents - but the characters never seem more than a casually bagged collection of tics and mannerisms .
It 's a glum and amateurish business on the three-in-one subject of adoption - being adopted , having your child adopted , and adopting one .
It 's not the only misstep in Oscar-winning actress Helen Hunt 's first film as director , which is a shame because she does a lot of things right .
The tut-tuttingly dull script refuses to supply a single happy line until Hunt squares up to the sudden arrival of Bette Midler .
Hunt 's film does soften the heart , not least because of its honesty and its sensitivity to some unfashionable dilemmas .
There 's food for thought in the pregnancy plot , although the narrative drags its heels towards a misty-eyed conclusion .
A bittersweet combination of comedy and drama , this sensitive film has enough strong material in it to make it worth seeing , even if it sometimes feels under-developed and a little too heart-tugging
Helen Hunt makes an impressive directorial debut and gives a defiantly vanity-free performance in this engaging drama that also features strong support from Colin Firth and Bette Midler .
Colin Firth ... he steams a bit for a change in a tale that 's strictly so-soap .
What at first seems a morose if witty romantic comedy for adults ends up being an altogether more serious piece about a woman acquiring children but leaving behind childish things .
A highly satisfying old-fashioned comedy-drama ... -LSB- with -RSB- a strong undercurrent of religion and philosophy that helps Hunt make her film profound in a way that sneaks up on you . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
A mildly embarrassing vanity project .
From the looks of things , the actors were simply let loose as themselves .
One of the best , most intelligent movies out there right now .
About the most interesting thing about this uninteresting nervous dramedy is the casting of controversial writer Salman Rushdie as a gynecologist .
Then She Found Me is a commendable but not very exciting feature-directing debut by actress Helen Hunt . Although she wields most of the creative power on the film she does n't turn this into a vanity project .
The overt stylistic flourishes are so few that they have a special impact , particularly the moment when the camera slowly tracks towards April after she receives a piece of devastating news .
Both role and movie fit -LSB- Hunt -RSB- as comfortable as a favorite bathrobe , and she wins us over long before the final tiny twist of the ending .
... might be viewed as a symptom of a Hollywood system in which women of a certain age are devalued and ignored .
Resembles a heartfelt but out-of-tune karaoke version of ` I Am Woman ' .
The material is n't much different from a Woody Allen film , but , unfortunately , the execution is .
To its credit , this is a romantic comedy with a more serious side than most . But in her seriousness , Hunt loses sight of the need for laughter .
Other than perhaps being a little long in the tooth to have Colin Firth 's character convincingly going gaga over her , Helen Hunt has done a decent job of directing a ` chick flick ' which ought to be a hit with the distaff demographic .
Helen Hunt stars in , directed and co-wrote Then She Found Me , and she handles each chore beautifully .
As unhealthy-looking as a Dust Bowl migrant in a Dorothea Lange portrait , Hunt appears to have wandered onto the set in hopes of finding something to chew .
Looking an anorexic 15 years older than her character , she grabs onto her role with a grim , two-fisted attack . While the supporting cast in this dramedy swims toward comedy , Hunt drowns in tragedy .
As Then She Found Me moves along it takes on some of the same sweet , loopy tone of Waitress and the story has a similar arc . It does n't have the lush , dreamy look of Waitress -LRB- or its sounds -RRB- but it felt just as satisfying .
Even Midler ca n't redeem it from terminal Lifetime-movie-dom .
Mature dramedy interesting , but meanders too much .
It 's a romantic `` dramedy '' that treads some familiar ground , but does so smartly and thoughtfully .
Suffers from , if anything , a lack of pure confidence in the story , the actors or the audience .
An uneasy mix of Baby Mama , My Big Fat Greek Wedding and a few of Woody Allen 's domestic comedies , and is even messier than that makes it sound .
Helen Hunt , as she allows herself to age authentically , may have a good second career as a director , based on the surefooted handling of this comedy-drama .
Happily , Helen Hunt takes the `` ick '' and `` ick '' out of chick flick .
There 's nothing exceptional about it , but there 's a warmth and intelligence here which sets it aside from most other romantic comedies around .
Addresses thinky topics like religious faith , motherhood , and adoption , always intelligently and maturely .
Everything about Hunt 's directorial debut % u2013 she also co-wrote the script and served as one of the 13 producers % u2013 is obnoxious , to say nothing of arch and artificial .
Finding a way to compartmentalize your bitterness while keeping your heart open to enlightening relationships is a more difficult task than facing Ivan Drago . In Russia . On Christmas Day . For no money .
Words get in the way of true emotions in this comedy drama that marks Helen Hunt 's directing debut .
A grim , grey little affair of people who are n't interesting failing to achieve catharsis in the banal , depressing problems of their lives .
Hunt draws some good performances from the cast and wisely chose a low-key personal story for her directorial debut .
The plot , as hinted , goes strictly by the How April Got Her Groove Back book , but it must be said that the performances push it a notch above pedestrian .
Hunt , who also co-wrote the screenplay from Elinor Lipman 's novel , scrupulously avoids anything that smacks of TV sitcom humor . This is admirable , but the result is one of the glummest romantic comedies in recent memory .
A few plot turns too many undermine Helen Hunt 's Then She Found Me , and that 's too bad , because Hunt shows some nice touches here both in front of and behind the camera .
Midler plays an extrovert with heart and brains , but the twists and turnarounds in this mother-and-child reunion arrive right on schedule ; in the end , she 's less a mother than a show-biz fairy godmother .
Helen Hunt probably could have made this into a delightful little comedy or a thoughtful drama . But the clumsy mixing of those elements makes for an awkward mess .
Hunt 's debut as a film director makes me glad she found us .
Honesty without cynicism . Now that 's something I could watch a lot more of .
It 's like an animatronic reproduction of a Jewish mom relationship erected at the world 's most racist amusement park .
An impressive directorial debut for Helen Hunt that takes an intelligent look at the ways we survive unspeakable grief and play hide and seek with love .
It 's the kind of film that practically invites you to forget about it two days after you 've seen it .
Genuinely clever and amusing ... may itself be hard to find , but it 's worth a search .
Hunt has what it takes to direct ; you can see it here , in small doses . In an arena filled largely with men , it will be interesting to see what she does next .
Overall Then She Found Me , though earnest and clearly heartfelt , just feels tired ; like Hunt 's sad-eyed April , it lacks spark .
Where it really matters -- working with actors -- veteran filmmakers could learn from Hunt .
This adaptation of an Elinor Lipman novel is Hunt 's feature directing debut , and under the circumstances she might have been wiser to give the lead role to someone else .
What ought to be a bittersweet movie about a woman 's momentary unraveling feels like a workout class : Cardio melodrama .
The result is n't overacting -- some of the acting is quite good - but a failure of modulation . Big emotions can make a movie , but a succession of them can impede flow and stop a story in its tracks .
By the closing scene , I felt privileged to be along for April 's emergence from the deep waters of daughterhood and her realization that when love knocks , the heart opens wide .
While Hunt 's directing debut is promising , if understated , it 's her performance as schoolteacher April Epner that impresses the audience .
There 's a gentle realism that makes room for laughs , drama and the slightest touch of farce , never spilling into the comically cheap and managing to explore subtler issues involving adoption
The experience of watching Then She Found Me could n't be as agonizing as the trauma onscreen , but it 's close .
With the screenwriters Alice Arlen and Victor Levin , Hunt adapted the story from a 1990 novel by Elinor Lipman , and has turned the material into a fine , tense , unpredictable comedy of mixed-up emotions and sudden illuminations .
It 's a romantic comedy , it 's a mother-daughter drama , and most importantly , it 's an unpretentious , gentle , moving film .
... Hunt , in her directorial debut , ca n't seem to decide whether she 'd rather make a spicy ethnic dish or bland comfort food .
A heartfelt dramedy that 's not ` as good as it gets ' but still commendable .
Helen Hunt 's directing debut , an adaptation of Elinor Lipman 's novel , is neither particularly flashy or innovative . It is , however , filled with just what the Academy Award-winning actress , who also stars , knows a good deal about : good acting .
For a `` personal project , '' it 's all fairly impersonal and predictable . By the second act , you know everything that 's going to happen in the third . And by the third -- well , I almost found myself missing Meg Ryan .
A smart little bittersweet comedy .
Without strong guidance , the self-conscious lines make the characters sound like , well , characters rather than actual human beings .
Hunt writes , directs and stars in a rough-edged indie alternative to Baby Mama .
Then She Found Me is uneven , but entirely watchable , and Hunt gets terrific performances from both Bette Midler and Colin Firth .
A bizarre , overcooked broth .
Too familiar by half to be indie/arty/edgy and too anemic by another half to surface as mainstream/commercial .
Then She Found Me , a serious comedy , is more impressive for what it refuses to do than for its modest accomplishment .
Helen Hunt deserves better .
It 's Mad About You with home pregnancy test swabs .
... a smart and capable debut for Hunt as a director who has found herself a plum role . It 's a perfect Mother 's Day pick .
Then She Found Me will do just fine as quirky filler on women 's cable networks , but considering the talent involved there was reason to expect more .
The anxieties and angst of middle-class , middle-aged women remain rich , underexplored cinematic territory , but Hunt 's instantly forgettable film does little to make this deep vein of cultural experience seem vital or exciting .
Stylish yet deeply sensitive , lifting your spirit . No one will come away without a smile .
Hunt 's performance is terrific and far more nuanced than her Oscar-winning turn in As Good as It Gets . As an actress , she helps make her director look very good indeed .
Gaunt , grim and wound as tight as a ukulele 's string , April Epner -LRB- Helen Hunt -RRB- , the elementary schoolteacher undergoing the mother of all midlife crises in Then She Found Me , is a stern challenge to an audience 's collective sympathy .
Sharing ace chemistry with Hunt , Midler 's scenes are the jewels of the film ; a reminder of how impressive her talent is and how much her recent career direction has failed to capitalize on her gifts .
A nifty story about some sympathetic and idiosyncratic characters struggling with love and reaching out for their small share of happiness .
Uncomfortable moments and near-nervous breakdowns transition into Oxygen-channel cuteness , which we 're supposed to read as some sort of approximation of ... messy real life ? Not quite .
April and Frank are mired in angst , for no discernable reason , other than having the misfortune of being stuck in a downer of a movie .
This is the sort of movie that gives ` chick flicks ' a bad name .
Helen Hunt proves herself to be a highly capable filmmaker with this charming and mostly enjoyable dramedy that sometimes achieves its desired blend of humor and pathos , but not always .
It 's the kind of film that only a mother , which is to say my mother , would love .
In her first shot as director , Hunt seems direction-less .
This serio comedy about the ups and downs of a schoolteacher is the feature debut of Helen Hunt , who 's not as self-indulgent as other thesps-helmers , but the film is pedestrian and Hunt lacks technical skills .
Dialogue is a blunt-force trauma in Hunt 's directorial debut , which behaves like some avant-garde theatre production where all the stage directions are spoken aloud .
Helen Hunt effectively combines comedy with melodrama in a story of a woman whose biological clock is ticking .
A funny and touching story about the way we create families both by blood and by choice .
Tries to say too much all at once , but great performances from Firth and Midler carry it .
If it 's not a completely satisfying film , it 's not a completely mediocre one , either . See it if the subject matter intrigues , or you 're a fan of one or more of the actors .
... a charming and downright delightful spin on the romantic comedy genre .
A low-key comedy in which characters always seem just one misstep away from full-out tragedy .
Clearly committed to the material , Hunt extracts exquisitely subtle performances from her accomplished cast-especially Firth and Midler-in this self-assured directorial debut .
With subtle laughs but solid emotional thrust , it will play very well with older audiences .
Sometimes charming , occasionally funny , it never draws attention to itself as the work of a director with training wheels on .






@highlight

A threadbare story anchored by strong performances , Then She Found Me is a mostly successful directorial debut by Helen Hunt .