Had the camera been a firing squad pointed towards its actors , their careers would have taken less damage .
The fault here lies in the film 's dead rhythm , which never lights the sparks necessary for an action film . The plot and action progress like an eroding lakeshore , but the energy and excitement are washed away in every scene .
Without anything more to offer , the choreographed carnage gets stale very quickly .
Pathfinder 's main appeal will be to connoisseurs of gore , who will find no shortage of graphically rendered stabbings , shootings , smashings , severings and slicings .
Imagine a heavy metal album cover come suddenly to life and you pretty much have the measure of Pathfinder .
The movie is filmed in a way that makes it seem like the camera has epilepsy and the color desaturation renders everything murky . Someone should remind director Marcus Nispel that there 's a difference between making a music video and a feature film .
Never has an idea of such splendid nuttiness been so squandered to the god of neurotic style .
The plot and action progress like an eroding lakeshore , but the energy and excitement are washed away in every scene .
Pathfinder is simultaneously action-packed and a total bore , a strange movie that never seems to move even though it consists of almost nothing but violence .
Metal heads will be in Valhalla ; everyone else should find a different path .
Gory but disappointing .
There are two kinds of people in the world : those who think slow-motion is cool and those who do not . If you are of the former , I can recommend Pathfinder .
All basic interest , to say nothing of excitement , is sapped whenever the big , brutal battle sequences come to a halt and inane dialogue takes over .
What killed this film in the theater was the lack of plot .
It 's a movie that belies its title , showing neither a strong sense of direction nor the drive to do anything other than display a whole lot of slashing and stabbing .
For all its flaws , Pathfinder is a unique little action film .
Boasting a prettified brutality that rivals that of 300 , Pathfinder also explores a similar theme , the manly pursuit of revenge at any cost .
I was so irritated that I paid money to see this that I snuck into two movies afterward to feel better about my investment . Boooooooooring .
I did n't think it was possible to make a movie involving Vikings worse than 1978 's The Norsemen starring Lee Majors , but director Marcus Nispel and company have accomplished just that with this formulaic piece of poorly made PC trash .
Like Beastmaster or Conan but without the wit or inspiration .
Whatever significance the legend had gets lost amid the repellent butchery .
... little more than an excuse to present a bunch of slice and dice battle scenes filmed with murky cinematography and a notable absence of emotional resonance .
It 's all a mess , but the scenery is nice .
Even an epic film with the best of intentions can be badly directed . And here 's a fine example . `` Pathfinder , '' with its silly melodrama of a script , is proof of this .
Pathfinder 's moody , muddy look is courtesy of music-video director Marcus Nispel , who does n't distinguish between people and tree trunks when it comes to emotional content .
There is almost nothing better than a completely terrible monstrosity that 's so rotten it 's hysterical . This , however , is not that movie . Pity , because maybe if it had been I might have actually had something semi-interesting to talk about .
-LSB- A -RSB- compelling example of purely cinematic storytelling that eschews almost all dialogue and lets moody colors and visceral action tell a tale that is mythic and metaphoric ...
Once the actual fighting begins , the film turns dull and lifeless . From beginning to end , the film plods when it should pulse .
A chaotic piece of storytelling , told with the dull flash of quick-cut editing , ugly cinematography , and clichés that apparently pre-date Columbus ' journey to the New World .
Celebrates a sense of identity and community more importantly defined by a shared set of convictions , than blood ties or DNA .
at times hallucinatory but ultimately , utterly forgettable .
When placed inside a film featuring Vikings that look more like members of GWAR and Karl Urban trying to act butch enough to cover the fact that he 's running around in a dishrag and Uggs , any opportunity to stop the film to chat is a bad idea .
Another graphic novel-y movie that presents its maniacal machismo on a smaller scale than 300 but makes up for it by being even loonier .
A one-note slog through some painfully familiar territory .
This latest bit of historical balder-dash stands in direct defiance of proven action-movie formulas , trusting its brutal concept and striking visuals to overcome a lack of star power .
Undone by a murky palette , silly horror-movie cliches , dumb dialogue and a confusing climactic sequence .
As dim and dank as a power failure in a peepshow , Pathfinder is Apocalypto without the laughs or 300 without the muscular visuals and elevating dialogue .
The official Pathfinder Web site is far more interesting than the movie itself , and you 'll get better history lessons from the Vikings of Minnesota .
No more than a minute into this , and it becomes obvious that the next 98 are going to be trouble .
Must the 13-year-old boy Hollywood seems most eager to please also be a sadist ? First came Apocalypto , then 300 , now Pathfinder .
The end of the road almost makes this a path worth taking , but most audience members will probably be too bored by the time the movie finally gets there to really care .
Muddled , ugly , pointless , silly , incoherent , overly familiar and exceedingly dull .
Strives to be a latter-day Conan the Barbarian .
The movie takes us on a journey to an ugly , contentious period in our misty , ancient past -- all the way back to four months ago , when Apocalypto came out .
After the first 1,000 or so beheadings , impalements and severed limbs , Pathfinder 's slash may just induce sleep .
Pathfinder sweeps fantasy to a new level : gritty , layered , chill-chasing .
All grunting , all goring , the witless action flick Pathfinder has little to recommend it .
It 's not our idea of a good time , but we 'll bet that plenty of adolescent boys will be doing their best to look 18 years old this weekend .
Director Marcus Nispel , best known for his music video shoots delivers all style and no substance , sacrificing story for a good sword up the ass everytime .
Turns history into the equivalent of a horror movie , one with a less-than-stellar cast and some serious plot holes .
Dialogue is a low priority in this film , which has less plot than most video games .
There 's a fan 's sincere hokeyness about Pathfinder that makes the experience relatively painless , in spite of the number of people who get tortured , decapitated or dismembered .
Though Pathfinder was completed before 300 and the equally artful and brutal Apocalypto , it can still do nothing but slog along in their footprints .
Cool concept and stylish visuals aside , Pathfinder is n't strong enough to offer the type of prolonged escapism one might expect from a movie that pits Vikings against Indians .
Blood flows freely here , but the movie never creates a keen sense of involvement or mystery . Even a major cliffhanging -LRB- literally -RRB- set piece winds up blurred by the addition of a blinding snowstorm .
Here 's hoping Pathfinder II is a straight-to-video - game release .
In the movie 's attempts to create drama amid the action , as in a downhill sled chase , all energy is sapped , and the audience ends up feeling nothing .
The movie is part Apocalypto -LRB- warriors , threat of hostile takeover , violence ! -RRB- and part 300 -LRB- warriors , threat of hostile takeover , violence ! -RRB- , but with the commercial misfortune of being neither .
The plot ... can be summed up neatly in four words : Hack ! Slash ! Grunt ! Splat ! Make that five : Every once in a while one of the dying Vikings lets out a loud , Homer Simpson-style 'D ` oh ! ' before departing for Valhalla .
... given that battles between unequal forces have been a constant in human history , it provides some food for thought amidst the bloodshed .
So bad , I was hoping everyone would die in the end , so I would n't have to sit through a sequel .
All cinematic creativity seems to have focused on devising the most repellent ways to maim and murder .
It 's a tedious experience in almost every way : The acting is numbingly one-note , the CGI work is unconvincing and often downright shoddy , and the action is poorly staged and framed so close you can never tell for sure who is lopping off whose head .
Are these really the ancestors of IKEA ?
Pure cheesy spectacle , as bad as anything you 'd find on ` Mystery Science Theater 3000 , ' and with plenty of absurd dialogue for the hecklers to ridicule .
This one is an instant Mystery Science Theatre 3000 classic , ideal for watching on TV with loud friends .
The design , the limited , primitive color palette and the breathless , primal violence make Pathfinder work about as well as any movie with this director and this cast and villains who speak Norwegian was going to work .
Filled with foggy shots stolen from LOTR and laden with decapitations , Pathfinder is faux-period gore trash with no redeeming qualities and a high dullness factor . Find another path .
The story makes Conan the Barbarian seem like Dostoyevsky in its complexity .
The film is one expertly staged battle after another , but it seems to be less about violence than about the frustration and fear behind violence . Pathfinder makes sure its carnage is bloody , awful and pointless . But pretty .
Loud and overbusy but never exciting , Pathfinder is an action film only insofar as airborne prop heads and severed appendages equal action .
Though you ca n't say Pathfinder does n't deliver the goods , action-wise , the movie often has trouble sticking to its story between battles or involving us with its characters and its self-consciously mythic hero .
Director Marcus Nispel continues in Pathfinder the gory/lame tradition he began with his Texas Chainsaw Massacre remake .
Heroic Fantasy of the first order , from filmmakers who obviously studied the paintings of Frank Frazetta and the writings of Robert E. Howard .




@highlight

A few rousing action sequences ca n't make up for Pathfinder 's non-existent plot and silly dialogue .