But I should say , if you take out the part about the dumb premise , the acting is quite good -- it almost makes you forget you 're watching the big screen version of the tv show `` Quantum Leap . ''
The Time Traveler 's Wife is a chick flick all around , and fans of the chick flick genre are going to eat this movie up .
That the actors can pull off such Oprah-friendly , sci-fi-inflected sap and keep straight faces is the most fantastic thing about this loopy love story .
The movie also introduces the concept of time-traveling fetuses , yet we 're never treated to this in any visual way .
As it stands , The Time Traveler 's Wife is decent evening 's entertainment with an intriguing enough premise and some strong heart tugging to keep the women happy and the men from getting too bored .
A great leading couple and an interesting concept make The Time Traveler 's Wife a romance worth remembering for its normality .
It 's beautifully crafted and endearingly old-fashioned all the way ; an alluring soap opera for those who like to dive into the deep end of the syrup pool .
You can constantly feel The Time Traveler 's Wife reaching for emotional depth , yet it never gets there .
With a dash of Benjamin Button and Back to the Future , this existential travelogue with supersized erotic separation anxiety issues , may leave viewers not in the mood for long distance time travel , simply with a case of lingering jet lag .
I kept doing what every fantasy should never allow one to do -- question it every step of the way .
While the script could have done more to exploit Bana 's sense of humour , it does profit from his directness . There are no false heroics .
Sure to hit the spot for anyone with an appetite for sweet , unselfconscious romantic fantasy .
Bana and McAdams do share a pleasant chemistry , but can never quite trump the dull and earnest nature of the material they are working with here .
This is undoubtedly Bana 's best American performance and you can genuinely believe in Bana and McAdams as lovers who give the story its emotion .
A graceful , elegant love story , that carefully avoids quasi-science , time travelling philosophy or mills and boon style passionate embraces , focussing instead on the means by which two truly star crossed lovers cope with their unique lives together .
I do n't think the book is a masterpiece but the film is just plain disappointing .
Without any notion of what type of film it wants to be , The Time Traveller 's Wife is neither funny nor charming , moving nor romantic .
The Time Traveller 's Wife makes for an enjoyable enough movie experience , if all you are after is a few tears , a nice romance and a frequently naked Eric Bana ; but viewers unfamiliar with the novel might be left wondering what all the fuss was about .
It 's a complex and often confusing story as the two key characters weave in and out of different time zones , but somehow it works ; no doubt due to terrific performances by Rachel McAdams and Eric Bana
O cineasta se sai bem ao desenvolver seus personagens e a trama sem permitir que a possibilidade do excesso de açúcar afunde o projeto .
I think the time travel is a metaphor for relationship problems , so it explored that . I just would have rather seen a time travel movie .
click to read the full review
Time travel trips up this Wife .
The Time Traveler 's Wife is an effective romance film for the ladies with a patina of science fiction to woo their boyfriends into joining .
Good cast plus weak script equals so-so movie .
A fastidiously old-fashioned love story with sloppy , soppy existential ideas and more than enough droll narrative tricks to see it through to the end .
An agreeable time filler but not much more .
The movie moves fast , as though to distract you from these shortcomings and the nearly total absence of logic .
... a science-fiction date flick , tailor-made to draw the chicks and the dudes in equal numbers ...
Time travel is an interesting plot device , even when it does n't work well . It works just barely well enough in this movie .
You 've got one obnoxious romance .
If you positively drenched Kurt Vonnegut 's novel Slaughterhouse Five in goo , you might get something like The Time Traveler 's Wife .
Wears on one 's wits with its senseless hokum and dour melodramatics .
By the end , I finally cared about Henry and Clare . But I wish the filmmakers had pulled me in about an hour and a half sooner .
OK , sometimes the movie gets really weird , but overall it 's a very entertaining escapist sci-fi romance % u2014and these days that 's a rare event .
Buy the book .
Loved McAdams , but Bana was miscast . Still the romantics will love this movie
I 'm over the moon about this movie , which smooths out the psychological dissonances in Audrey Niffenegger 's fine novel but is still an emotional workout .
The Time Traveler 's Wife works when it embraces the magic of its concept , not when it remains tethered to the reality of its execution .
It 's a really solid date movie that should give everyone a little something of what they are looking for .
Some fans of the book might enjoy seeing these two soul mates brought to life on the big screen , but for everyone else the interpretation seems forced and at times inconsistent .
I thought really very little in the film worked .
Silly sci-fi tosh that tries to play itself out as a serious and heart-rending love story , but Ghost it ai n't .
It 's even more inane and sitting up begging to be loved than Benjamin Button .
In a pretty disappointing summer , I was surprised at how smart , involving and Sci-Fi geeky cool this was .
Do n't expect The Notebook .
The Time Traveler 's Wife drags so much that you will wish you could be a time traveler and speed past the slow spots % u2014 and it 's all slow spots .
Some books translate well to the screen . Others do n't . This creepy , convoluted , frustrating chick-flick falls into the latter category .
Do n't make time for this mess of a weeper .
This is not a chick flick but one that will resonate with more mature audiences .
Solid love story that could have reached extraordinary limits , but fails early on .
At times I was entertained , and even moved by it . It 's just damn frustrating , as this could have been a MUCH better film
The book alternates between the first person narration of both characters , and the film attempts to replicate that balance , but the difference is split , and we ca n't relate to either one .
I ca n't remember when I 've had such a hard time becoming emotionally involved in a love story on film .
Rarely does a movie make me so dearly wish I could come unstuck in time .
Parental Content Review
Long spans of time pass between lines of dialogue , many of which seem to have been inexpertly translated from a foreign language so that they almost make sense but not quite .
McAdams and Bana are easy enough on the eyes to distract from the script 's Grand Canyon-sized plot holes , but not enough to keep your mind off the insipid storytelling . Even from its gooey sentimental standpoint , `` The Time Traveler 's Wife '' is two pints sh
While the time traveling concept is consistently intriguing , the movie itself more often fizzles than sizzles .
This movie is elegant and subtle , and while it is indeed highly emotional I never felt like Schwentke or Rubin were manufacturing false tears .
This magical movie hits you in the emotional breadbasket and holds you in its enveloping grasp until its tearjerking conclusion .
The emotions and crises feel pre-sanded , smooth to the point of blandness . The transitional disappearances are routine .
It 's hard to live in stolen moments , but trying to find a few enjoyable ones in The Time Traveler 's Wife is nearly impossible .
Yet where there should be heat , a cold wind blows .
A Twilight Zone premise written like a Mariah Carey song , The Time Traveler 's Wife is destined for a warm welcome on an obscure cable network . The Spinster Movie Station ? The Lonely Hearts Channel ?
The movie is earnest and flat , failing to even match the easy romantic escapism that made a blockbuster out of Twilight .
The whole thing feels arbitrary . Henry and Clare 's love is bedeviled not by anything they 've done or have any control over , so the drama fails to build .
There are certainly elements of the tragic here , but the film never quite delivers .
A kooky , head-spinning romantic mess .
As Henry and Clare figure out for themselves , it 's best not to overthink things . Audiences seeking escapist date fare are likewise advised .
Unless your idea of cinematic bliss is a chance to catch Bana 's buff torso or shoulders , there is n't much to the film .
Picturesque cinematography along with charming performances by Eric Bana and the genuinely beautiful Rachel McAdams -LSB- do n't -RSB- compensate for an uneven , bland and contrived screenplay that falls flat when it comes to drama , romance and sci-fi .
I 'd watch the vibrant Rachel McAdams and Eric Bana in anything , but The Time Traveler 's Wife is pushing it .
Romance is robbed of its gamble , stripped of its suspense , shorn of its mystery , and deprived of an ending that feels earned .
There 's not much -LSB- McAdams -RSB- or Bana can do to rescue this dreary piece of romantic hooey .
It takes , as its subjects , the sadness and grandeur of life and the mystery of time , and it offers a full experience to those who find its wavelength .
The soundtrack also adds a great deal to the film , but as a film , it just is n't a great deal .
The two stars make a great looking couple , and their characters seem to genuinely care about each other .
Suspend your disbelief and you might find The Time Traveler 's Wife a charming if mildly depressing fantasy . Or you might , as I did , travel elsewhere during it . Either way , at least it 's a picturesque journey .
Perhaps the book fills in the blanks and emotional beats , but this Wife is n't really worth your time or travel .
The fact that Bana is a bit of a cold fish and real sparks never really ignite between he and McAdams , who is 10 years his junior , does n't help matters .
Where the movie really goes wrong is in issues of tone and pace , in decisions about what to leave out and what to keep in -- all of which falls at the director 's feet .
The problem is n't the timeline -- it 's everything else .
I 'll let you in on a little secret that film critics have known for years . A major studio production , released in August with top-list stars , is almost certain to be a gobbler .
For viewers aching for a romantic drama that leaves them emotionally , honorably exhausted , this could prove a total immersion in star-crossed love , if not perfect synchronicity .
If you can get past the calendar gymnastics , The Time Traveler 's Wife plays as an affecting allegory of love that persists even when the lover is gone .
Uneven book-based tearjerker is romantic but gloomy .
Often ridiculous , awkward , unsatisfying and dour melodramatic adaptation .
The movie moves at such an agonizingly stately pace that by the end , side effects be damned , Henry 's time-traveling gene starts to look mighty appealing .
The Time Traveler 's Wife tries to transcend time and place , but it ultimately becomes bogged down in details .
What makes The Time Traveler 's Wife work as drama , and certainly better than it might have , is an unhesitating emotional commitment on the part of the actors .
If you can willingly suspend your disbelief at its premise , you will find yourself moved at this love story for the ages
The unusual circumstances enable quite a bit of humor and mystery , but they also seriously cut down on the film 's relevance .
The question of her own `` free will '' niggles at the edges of Clare 's experience throughout the movie named for her .
It 's sort of soft-core porn for pederasts who are into sci fi .
She 's willing to put up with a dude who disappears on a whim and leaves her alone for days and weeks on end ? Sure , when he comes back he 's naked and looks like Eric Bana , but still .
Like Henry , there are elements from the best-selling book that have simply disappeared . Humor , for one . A deeper texture . This is less of a movie than it is a glammed-up revolving door .
Fascinating would be the best word to describe The Time Traveler 's Wife .
Two good performances , some expert cinematography from Florian Ballhaus and an air of intensity that keeps you gripped .
Competent and well-cast , but it crams too much into the runtime and loses the elegance of the novel .
Another time-travel drama that does n't make a lick of sense , but die-hard romantics wo n't mind .
-LSB- W -RSB- ill linger in your imagination just as the novel did ... -LSB- A -RSB- chingly romantic but never schmaltzy and never less than charming and surprising ...
Crystallized by the functional - rather than fantastic - turns by its two leads , The Time Traveler 's Wife never really takes flight . While the film makes a decent enough date movie , you 'll find it will disappear from your mind before too long .
Despite the saccharine trailer and the icky tear-jerking pedigree , The Time Traveler 's Wife is actually a movie of some substance . it is the film about disconnected love that The Curious Case of Benjamin Button should have been .
The tasty nuggets of fun drown in all the soupy seriousness , but this time travel is sometimes an interesting ride .
It wants desperately to engage our hearts , but for long stretches will leave most of us scratching our heads .
... one of the most moving and flat-out indelible love stories to come around in quite some time .
A thoroughly engaging film . The heavy emotional tone makes it feel a bit girly , but it 's still a terrific story .
As powerful as a time-machine made Blue Peter-style out of cardboard and empty bottles .
A suspension of disbelief is essential , but - if you can sideline the illogical nature of the plot - what emerges is an intimate and moving love story .
You 'd go mad unpicking the paradoxes in this convoluted brain scrambler . -LRB- If you thought Schwentke 's Flightplan was bonkers , try this one on for size . -RRB- Better to surrender to its implausibilities and revel in the lush , sudsy silliness of it all .
It 's quite bland and could do with a bit more fire in its belly . More than adequate but nothing really special .
It could have been thought-provoking drama , but settles for being a novelette-ish tear-jerker . I hate the dismissive phrase ` chick flick ' but that 's what this is , and it could have been a whole lot more .
Not just increasingly preposterous , it 's also awfully dull since our two leads fail to generate even a hint of that spark so necessary for romantic dramas .
Like two hours on the Burma railway , heaving away at time/space conundrums , arch-to-soppy dialogue and tail-chasing plotting under the lash of distributors who put us in a crowded , no-escape cinema .
They 've tried to cloak a very dull love story in pseudo-poetic significance . You might feel like disappearing yourself .
The film version of the novel will drive you potty if you try to make any sense of it . Just surrender to a far-fetched fantasy and the reward is a lush , high-gloss weepie .
This is n't the fully marshmallow-basted turkey it seems at first glance . However , it barely scratches the surface of Audrey Niffenegger 's superior beach read .
Surprisingly watchable up until its late , headlong plunge into TV-movie blandness .
Succinctly establishes the world it takes place in , then lets us experience , to some extent , the feelings and emotions that would naturally occur in such a world .
Tugs at the heartstrings with the aggression of a linebacker pursuing a quarterback .
Yhe overall effect is akin to channel-hopping between `` Slaughterhouse-Five '' and `` Somewhere in Time '' late one night while under the effects of an extra helping of Nyquil .
I just wish the movie had found a way to show some laughter through its tears .
It 's breaking -LSB- its own -RSB- rules in half , stomping on them , tossing them in the stove , and then throwing them right out the window .
Highlighted by sparkling performances by Rachel McAdams and Eric Bana , this is touching , romantic and intriguing , up with the best of the time-warpers .
A thoughtful and thought-provoking drama about what it takes for two people to overcome all the obstacles put in their path of staying together .
An uninspired alternative to comic book pandemonium and solemn family dramas , a gloppy serving of late summer corn .
A dreary and poorly paced romantic drama with too many unintentionally laughable lines .
Humorless but imaginative .
The story 's fantastic elements are left poorly explained , and the romantic elements are left unexplored ; the result is tepid on both counts .
... a superior romance when compared to the usual Hollywood suspect , but it is even better as an introduction to the novel which spawned it .
I can be patient with a little romantic squishiness after such an engagingly written bounce around time with these two .
Like the book , the movie gets weaker as it becomes more convoluted and far-fetched in the last third of the story .
McAdams and Bana are enticing as a couple whose domestic problems are distinctly original .
A movie for people who are n't really that into time travel .
Is The Time Traveler 's Wife terrible ? Not really . Striving for meaning as it revolves around the process of life , the film remains perilously thin and unenlightening .
The Time Traveler 's Wife is told with a tenderness that 's unusual in a major motion picture but that leads mostly to dullness .
This sappy romantic fantasy proves that a movie does n't have to be a CGI extravaganza based on a video game , comic book or toy line to be inordinately dumb .
contrived plot coincidences and the dead air between the film 's photogenic leads keep getting in the way
It might be a solid hook if we thought their love was grand . Instead , it 's kind of creepy .
The book is richer , but this is a solid , endearing telling of the same essential story , and is well worth the price of admission for those who appreciate romantic fantasy .
What excuse does the film have for telling its affecting , relatable story with such little regard for establishing character or letting a moment play itself out ?
If you allow yourself to think for one moment of the paradoxes , contradictions and logical difficulties involved , you will be lost . The movie supports no objective thought .
That it 's also shamelessly tear-jerking in that warm , enveloping way that Hollywood can do so well from time to time is a plus , not a minus .
To swoon over the lovely Rachel McAdams or hunky Eric Bana is easy , but doing so during The Time Traveler 's Wife requires willful blindness to the sloppy nonsensicality of their across-the-years love story .
The Time Traveler 's Wife is built as a game that the audience learns to play , and after a while , yes , we do get the hang of it .
I can only imagine that the scenes of a 40-something man getting chummy with his 6-year-old bride-to-be must have played better in the book . On film , it feels like To Catch a Time-Traveling Predator .
The Time Traveler 's Wife stars Eric Bana as Henry DeTamble , a Chicago man suffering from `` chrono-impairment disorder '' -- that is , a genetic anomaly that causes him to involuntarily time travel . The defective gene does n't prevent Henry from meeting
An elegy to love , fate , loss and free will , The Time Traveler 's Wife is to science fiction what Twilight is to vampire tales -- a femme-centric exploration of relationships wrapped in genre fiction .
Maybe the novel by Audrey Niffenegger , which a number of people seem to have read and enjoyed , was more convincing , but the unsatisfactory , yo-yo script by Bruce Joel Rubin , makes no real effort to explore the inner emotions of the characters .
We 're left wondering afterward , how do these people feel about this extraordinary situation in which they 've found themselves ?
This thoroughness may impress fans of the bestseller source novel , but will disappoint anyone looking for transport from a movie -- being a time traveler 's wife , it turns out , is mostly a drag .
I 'm someone who cries at commercials , yet this incessantly romantic love story left me curiously cold .
Schwentke 's romantic melodrama obeys no dramatic rules or narrative logic , desperately striving for the erotic appeal of The Notebook and the supernatural mystery of Ghost , which Oscar-winning scribe Rubin also penned .
Combining elements of sweepingly romantic time travel movies like Somewhere In Time and the supernatural swoon of Ghost , this first-rate and spellbinding drama is out to prove true love can overcome any obstacle-in this world or the next .
In the final analysis the film fails to make much sense at all .
Fairly irresistible nonsense .
Bana and McAdams make you feel the pain and the ultimate acceptance of their dilemma but never convey the magic that allows the couple to persevere through such a grand but trying love .


@highlight

Though it may satisfy fans of the novel , The Time Traveler 's Wife 's plot contrivances and illogical narrative hamper its big screen effectiveness .