... a true , albeit bittersweet pleasure for everyone who watches it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
More of Eva and Juan Peron and the impact of fascism on the society would have added to the movie . Nevertheless , it is a good ride , but not a great one .
In perfect synchrony , all of it 's elements come together to create a masterpiece . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... what might have been just a two-hour episode of Law and Order : Argentina is instead a rich , literary tapestry . ... I wish this could become a franchise .
This complex and involving Argentinean crime drama , with strong moral overtones , won the Best Foreign Language Oscar .
There are some `` Are we there yet ? '' stretches as the film plays out toward the unexpected ending , but the final destination is worth the total travel time .
The story 's political subtext ... provides a constant undertow of fear and menace to the hero 's investigation .
The Secret in Their Eyes ... is an enjoyable procedural in its own right . Campanella 's film is the Argentine equivalent of Gone Baby Gone , with a touch of Atonement thrown in for good measure .
It 's a handsome production with a story rooted in the nasty past of political fascism , which may explain why it won , because it sure is n't subtle or dramatically challenging .
Tightly structured , visually conscious , well-acted mystery and love story .
A superior procedural .
Darín 's central performance is a consummate lesson in minimalist acting , deftly bypassing the tropes of the clichéd romantic lead and the crusading good guy .
-LSB- A -RSB- tame effort that dazzles with high production values rather than genuine artistic achievement .
A supremely watchable , well-made and well-acted movie with a dark , sinewy sense of history ...
Writer-director Juan Jose Campanella is a master of camerawork and editing . He is also wonderful with actors . There is n't a false performance here .
A stylish and intelligent Argentine offering -- destined to become a world cinema classic .
Humane and harrowing , highly recommended . This one will stay with you .
It 's a film of enormous pretension and not enough reward .
It 's the kind of film that creeps up on you and sinks in long afterwards .
The film rattles along like a well-crafted Hollywood noir , circa 1945 .
It 's a gripping tale -- although there 's not much to it beyond the intriguing plot -- and the ending 's just as smart as you 'd hope .
Underneath the glossy surface , Juan José Campanella 's film is a rather silly and flabby thriller .
It 's already won awards , and received rave reviews , so it 's no secret ; El Secreto de sus Ojos is one of the best thrillers released for years .
Beautifully made and superbly written , this is an emotionally absorbing thriller with a terrific central performance from Ricardo Darin .
Campanella uses the twin genres of the thriller and the romance , as well as twin narratives of punishment eluded and love unfulfilled , to give vividly palatable form to his themes of memory , justice and loss .
This year 's Oscar winner for Best Foreign Language Film is a seductive film noir , a lonely love story , a cautionary tale about taking a quest for justice too far , and more ...
... an unlikely but successful hybrid : a police procedural that also works as a brooding , unrequited romance .
full review at Movies for the Masses
Not quite the masterpiece you might expect but you can certainly see why the Academy fell head over heels for The Secret In Their Eyes .
Campanella takes common genre elements % u2014 infighting lawyers , gruff bosses , lovably incompetent yet insightful sidekicks % u2014 and constructs a mystery of uncommon depth and complexity .
Gorgeously filmed with passion and artistry , this provocative story of the tenacity of justice ... is literally breathtaking filmmaking on every level
Obsession , passion and mystery fills every frame of this exquisite Argentine export , The Secret in Their Eyes .
Campanella 's work here is certainly polished and well-acted , but there 's little that one can do with hoary material like this . The secrets that it holds are scarcely worth discovering .
A dizzying mix of suspense , intrigue and romance .
A slow burn of a thriller , an intricately plotted and subtly acted mystery
The film overall is what is meant by the term ` essential viewing . '
Though intelligently presented , it never reached my heart .
It may not quite be a great film ... nbut it 's a very cool movie .
The film 's few soapy moments and the plot 's investigational contrivances are easily offset by the fine acting and storytelling -- as well as unexpected moments of humor .
A bit sluggish and not as inventive as fellow Oscar nominees , but also expertly crafted and sometimes moving , with affecting performances by Darin and Villamil .
It 's impossible not to get caught up in this epic tale of unresolved love and despair .
An expertly crafted murder-and-more mystery that should appeal to fans of ` The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo ' and other ambitious thrillers that work to attract a mass audience ...
`` The Secret in Their Eyes '' has all the entertainment value of a great mystery and a great love story , but that connection to Argentina 's collective conscience helps it transcend its genre conventions .
The Secret in Their Eyes joins No Way Out and The Sixth Sense in my personal trove of rare movies with surprise , credible endings I did n't guess .
A structurally sound , splendidly acted thriller , achieving a continuous swirl of suspicion other directors would slap their own mothers to achieve .
The Secret in Their Eyes is a best-of-both-worlds affair , combining old-school storytelling with modern-day technique .
Masterful thriller crammed with menace , verve and passion
Romantic obsession at its two extremes is explored with sympathy and intelligence in the thriller The Secret in Their Eyes ...
Superbly crafted . . unfolds with storytelling prowess and characters that remain with us as clearly as if we had met them
This is far from a traditional murder mystery . The richness of the characterisations and depiction of the essence of who all the characters are , is one of the film 's greatest strengths . Performances are utterly convincing
The Secret In Their Eyes caters to the over-the-hill crowd that dominates the Academy -- the same group that makes the Foreign Film Category a joke .
The compelling story plays out like a page-turning suspense novel that you ca n't put down . The acting is superb and the camera lingers on the actors ' faces in . .
The two leads -- Ricardo Darin as Benjamin and Soledad Villamil as Irene -- are solidly convincing in their performances : he looks chronically haunted by missed opportunity ; she has a capacity to charm and tease as evident in middle age as in their youth .
Its real power lies in the passage of time , the dull ache of loss and the grim satisfaction of revenge , and yearnings of love unrealized . There 's an awful lot going on in this film , and all of it is good .
Both Darín and Argentine television actress Villamil are terrific . It 's the supporting performers whose work really sticks with you , though -- especially that of Argentine comedian Guillermo Francella ...
This is a classy effort in the crime film genre , not quite in the same league as the excellent The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo , but streets ahead of the rest of the recent crop .
The Secret in Their Eyes uses genre to explore the politics of its country without sacrificing the delivery of an extremely engaging story .
Though slow at times , The Secret in Their Eyes recaptures the greatness of its genre , and does so without mimicking or replicating its predecessors .
An ultimately underwhelming Oscar winner which works more effectively as a romantic drama than a crime thriller .
A slow-burning Argentinian thriller that 's well worth seeking out .
An enticing , gorgeously rendered memory , one that lingers long after the credits roll .
Although it has some memorably disquieting scenes , this story of long-delayed justice is sustained by its melancholy more than its thrills .
Campanella approaches the material with a classic hand -- no quick cuts , special effects or gimmicks here . This is a flesh-and-blood movie , and both Darin and Villamil bring earthy presence to the story .
We may never get a Law & Order : The Movie to commemorate the stalwart series ' final fizzle , but we do have the next best thing in The Secret in their Eyes .
The kind of movie I want to make when I grow up . Smartly constructed by director Juan Jose Campanella , it 's a crime saga/murder mystery wrapped in a love story .
The Secret in Their Eyes is an uneven story that is alternately fascinating and dull .
A meditation on justice and memory rooted in Argentina 's turbulent political past , wrapped in a doomed and rekindled love affair between two people incapable of seeing what is right before their eyes .
They even nail a cliche like saying goodbye at a train station . Great thriller , romance and most importantly , film .
The entire film is stocked with images that reflect a character and story in flux .
A stunning film that even in its bleakest moments , reminds us that second acts , even 25 years later , can be more than just an illusion . As long as we keep our eyes wide open
Though the story occasionally seems a little too convenient to be true , it does n't matter a whit , as the filmmaking is so skilled .
The actors give full-bodied , warm , melancholic performances , and their easy chemistry grounds the film even when it flirts with the cliched and the downright bizarre .
A canny , well-wrought film that uses Argentina 's checkered past to fashion a juicily rapt mixture of personal obsession , simmering romance and political skullduggery .
The best movie I 've seen so far this year .
There 's a deep sense of foreboding in the film , but it 's also lushly romantic ...
This central relationship both broke and enraptured my heart , Benjamin and Irene 's slow waltz one round the other but both still just out of reach of touching keeping my pulse racing at an ever accelerating pace .
Expertly written , played and directed , it 's the best romantic mystery since L.A. Confidential .
Argentina is known for its Malbec wine , but this is more Amontillado .
Engages with style , suspense , and seriousness of intent . Criminal intent and otherwise .
Engrossing and often surprising but I 'm still bewildered why it triumphed over better foreign films at the Academy Awards .
A love story and film noire with delicious overtones of dreadful memories and love that will never die .
What works is mostly not due to the script ... nor anything particular in the way the material is presented , but thanks to a perfectly excellent cast .
A bit too symbolic for its own good
Sometimes Oscar gets it exactly right .
The wonder is that the film balances its many genres , from the thorns of murder to the bloom of romance to the thickets of politics , with such easy grace .
The performances are what frequently hold the film together when it seems at loose ends , namely from stars Ricardo Darin , Soledad Villamil and Guillermo Francella .
A haunting tale of things left unsaid and unfinished .
Just as the title implies , there are several secrets guarded by different characters , and the movie is about more than just tracking down the killer .
Exalted and frustrating , graceful in its filmmaking and clumsy in its storytelling .
Its real beauty is in letting you take from it whatever you want . Should you choose to peel back the layers , you will discover rich lessons about love , loneliness , fear and redemption .
You never quite know where it 's going , yet its mixture of tones and colors and melodrama and mature , mellow romance is irresistible .
Sometimes I watch a film unspool like a tape measure , and I can sense how far we are from the end . Sometimes my imagination is led to live right along with it .
It 's a real feast .
A riveting , unconventionally intelligent and engrossing murder mystery boasting solid performances and a delicate balance of intrigue , thrills , romance and comedy .
Though well acted and efficiently told , Secret , as a mystery , sorely lacks an ah-ha moment ; it could have used an extra twist or two .
One of the few surprises at this year 's eminently predictable Oscars was the triumph of Juan Jose Campanella 's The Secret in Their Eyes in the foreign language film category ... . But the bigger surprise is that -LSB- it -RSB- turns out to be fully deserving o
It 's a cracking good murder mystery that , by the time the final twist kicks in , transforms into an moving meditation on memory and justice .
A combination psychological thriller and love story that offers an engrossing look at memory , yearning , and the toxins of revenge ; winner of the 2010 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film .
Campanella achieves impressive balance in a genre not typically known for subtlety .
An attractive , messy drama riddled with violence and edged with comedy that comes with a hint of Grand Guignol , a suggestion of politics and three resonant , deeply appealing performances .
Opportunities for humor also set up the film 's most dramatic moments .
Leaping around in time , Campanella uses the aftermath of -LSB- a -RSB- sadistic murder case to expose not just law-enforcement shortcomings but fault lines in Argentine society .
A movie that actually gives me reassurance that brilliant and though-provoking cinema still exists .
An absorbing story of the unlikely intersection of an unrequited love affair and an unresolved crime , this taut thriller features some bravura cinematic moments and memorable performances from an exceptionally attractive cast of players .
A nearly perfect love story/murder mystery that unfortunately falters at the end .
This spellbinder from Argentina will sneak up and floor you . It 's that good .
How often do you see a movie about which you have not a single complaint , about which you can not find a single fault , about which you have nothing but phosphorescent praise ?
The Secret in Their Eyes is , ostensibly , a murder mystery -- but that part of the story is the least interesting .
It 's enough for four years of telenovela , and that 's what you 'll feel like you 've experienced after watching it .
This beautiful film , directed with subtlety and grace by Juan José Campanella , really is about moving from fear to love .
Like the murder at the heart of this tale , Secret is bound to linger in the memory for years .
feels a bit obvious , if not long-winded
The secret here is that the movie is rather tasteless . It has the high , slightly nauseating stink of perfume on garbage .
Though unimpeachably intelligent and sophisticated , the film nonetheless has no grit under its fingernails : Here 's a story about a crime of passion , unrequited love , and political upheaval , yet Campanella keeps it all at arm 's length .
Protracted exercise in frustration , for the characters and audience .
The Best Foreign Language Film Oscar went to this piece of crap from Argentina . It seems that as soon as they see subtitles , the Academy voters feel free to succumb to their worst instincts regarding kitsch , cliché , and cornball contrivance .
The performances are tender , the script elegant , the cinematography -LRB- especially during a virtuoso chase scene in a soccer stadium -RRB- artful .
Say what you will , but the lead actors in Argentine director Juan José Campanella 's latest film do have lovely -LRB- or at least handsomely shot -RRB- peepers . But the secrets you ultimately find therein are hilarious .
These ingredients combine for a sort of idiot salad , but because it 's a foreign film with boobs in it , Secret passes for high art .
Some great scenes in there , but somewhat erratic and a little too derivative of the work of another filmmaker , Spain 's Pedro Almodovar .
Juicy and exciting ... Seeing it will make you understand why its more classical approach to story-telling won over the Oscar voters .
From scene to scene , the movie has an enormously vital swing to it .
... a top notch film , a poignant love story and a mystery that reverberates across decades and different political climates .
`` The Secret in Their Eyes '' is a complex romantic thriller to be savored .
Campanella has laced his story with twists and turns worthy of Hitchcock and the framing device of the novel -LRB- which forces the protagonist to sort out the whole thing through writing -RRB- is ingenious .
Although it is structured like a thriller ... The Secret in Their Eyes is really a cautionary tale about the consequences of a life of too much apprehension and propriety .
This Oscar-winning film deftly conflates a crime thriller with a smoldering romance .
This psychological thriller from Argentine Juan José Campanella boasts a fine cast and spiky dialogue , but thematic bloat blunts its power .
This is a strong story , encompassing romance , thriller aspects , comedy and even political intrigue , zipping back and forward in time but always carrying you with it to a conclusion that is thoroughly satisfying on all counts .
When a film comes together as powerfully as this , with the full advantage of classic mystery construction and graceful originality , it 's a joy to behold .
Packs an emotional punch , despite a rambling mid-section and leisurely pacing throughout .
A deeply rewarding throwback to the unself-conscious days when cinema still strove to be magical .
An exciting thriller from Argentina capable of crossing borders .
Só espero que Campanella não nos obrigue a esperar outros longos cinco anos até seu próximo trabalho , já que suas parcerias com Ricardo Darín são verdadeiros presentes para os fãs de um Cinema adulto , profundo e envolvente .



@highlight

Unpredictable and rich with symbolism , this Argentinian murder mystery lives up to its Oscar with an engrossing plot , Juan Jose Campanella 's assured direction , and mesmerizing performances from its cast .