... an uneven script and uninspired direction .
The noteworthy presence of Simon Pegg ca n't rescue this bizarre and ultimately aimless mix of comedy and horror that 's neither funny nor frightening .
-LSB- A Fantastic Fear of Everything -RSB- leaps all over the place narratively and conceptually , servicing the comedy of every individual scene without considering or linking the others .
For all its comic panache , A Fantastic Fear of Everything too often feels forced rather than funny - the strain evident in the setup is rarely worth the payoff , and the result simply proves exhausting .
With such a promising theme and a funny lead actor like Simon Pegg , this movie should be a big hit . So what went wrong ? I think the film just got out of control .
A singularly bizarre new horror comedy , both exhilarating and frustrating it allows for Pegg to stretch as an actor ... leaving a great performance at the heart of a movie most wo n't particularly care for .
The effect eventually becomes that of about a dozen story pitches all strung together . Any one of them might have the potential for greatness in isolation . Try to mash them up into one movie , though , and much like Jack , they fall to pieces .
It 's a horror-inspired comedy jumble that 's completely tone deaf when it comes to both horror and comedy
Simon Pegg is a very talented comic actor , but you would never guess that in this claustrophobic , strained stream-of-consciousness , sinking cinematic showboat .
A Fantastic Fear Of Everything is more amusing than uproarious , and often not even that ; it plays like a couple of over-extended sketches featuring the same thinly drawn character .
Strands of Simon Pegg 's amiable persona are found in the film 's more tolerable bits , but even this seasoned vet 's unique voice is lost amid the glut of references to other work .
It 's polarizing work that carries immense creativity and sharp sense of humor , burrowing into the spinning mind of a destructively phobic man during an intense period of suspicion .
This effortfully quirky pic refuses to settle for mere ineptitude , adding casual misogyny and pronounced racism to its rap sheet .
Smart nods to Psycho , Kubrick and German expressionism suggest Mills has done his homework , which is perhaps to be expected from his lineage .
There is a watchable film hiding within this largely depressing , annoyingly repetitive audiovisual dirge .
An embarrassing vehicle for its lead and the worst ad for Y-fronts in years .
Something of a curate 's egg , the film seems to be a little bit of everything and not enough of anything ...
There is a complete failure of tone in this film , from begining to end .
There 's no shame for Pegg who throws himself into it with manic commitment .
At one point , the film-makers attempt to up the horror with a blatant rip-off of the Psycho shower scene . It serves only to emphasise Hitchcock 's mastery .
So spectacularly bungled that it leaves the viewer in a state of advanced petrification .
Simon Pegg is an incredibly likeable actor who seems determined to appear in as many unlikeable films as possible , but even taking into account recent debacles such as Burke and Hare , this represents an alarming new low .
A Fantastic Fear of Everything is n't nearly as psychedelic or as funny as it needs to be .
Strikingly designed and directed , this offbeat film feels like a one-man stage show as the entire story 's told through an internal monolog .
Things only pick up in the final reel with Alan Drakes 's 80s rock fan and community police officer given full rein to deliver the best jokes so far . But it 's too late .
Exasperation eventually morphs into unrelenting pain , and there 's not a single , solitary laugh to be had .
Mills must as least be credited with a vision that feels more or less entirely unique .
It 's always trying to do something unusual . It has a great lead in Pegg . What it does n't have is an ending or a clear reason what it wants to be .
While the wheels start spinning in the film 's overly drawn-out launderette sequence , they pretty much come off by the final act , when the pacing sags like an old mattress .

@highlight

Aside from a few chuckles and Simon Pegg 's reliably affable screen presence , A Fantastic Fear of Everything has embarrassingly little to offer .