To 's first full beachhead into Mainland filmmaking ... thus combines exhilaratingly articulated structural formalism with a politically ripe engagement of the meaning To 's images have when operating in a new world .
To 's devotees will likely find more of value in Drug War 's frantic construction , this newcomer was left alternately thrilled and cold to mildly satisfying ends .
Drug War is -LSB- Johnnie -RSB- To 's most streamlined picture to date .
What the hell : `` Drug War '' is a taut , minor masterpiece . It felt like watching early Walter Hill for the first time - `` The Driver , '' `` Southern Comfort '' - and that is a very good feeling indeed .
Almost perfect .
... as nimble as a ballet dancer , even while dancing in muck .
A nicely tangled , smartly paced and cold little thriller-nothing more , nothing less .
The most purely enjoyable action film of the year , and I can only hope the inevitable American remake does n't screw it up too badly
The routine police procedural crime drama has dedicated Chinese narcotics cops closing in on a big-time drug manufacturer in a risky undercover operation .
This film about cops and drug dealers in China is a lot like a story set in the Old West with outlaws and lawmen engaged in gun battles . There probably is a point to all this conflict that is lost in the translation .
Visually , it 's a gritty throwback that 's certain to please genre aficionados .
Not only does the film never question the ethics of a war on drugs in which dealers and manufacturers are subject to the death penalty , it appears to enthusiastically endorse it .
Another inkling of the style limitations perhaps most responsible for To 's lower visibility stateside compared with , say , his countrymen John Woo and Wong Kar-wai .
`` Drug War '' may not add anything particularly new to the genre , but that does n't make it any less of a thrilling ride .
Cops and robbers , drugs and money , and the brutal violence at the end of it all : Yes , Hong Kong action director Johnnie To is back in town .
To orchestrates a huge cast and multi-layered plot like the ringmaster of a three-ring circus , his explosive , nihilistic finale layered with betrayals .
To 's film is solidly directed , and brutal and unflinching in its depiction of the drug world at the center of the story .
Filled with intrigue , plot twists and monumental gunfights , it 's an expertly crafted if at times quite violent affair .
-LSB- To -RSB- gives a solid 90 minutes of edgy foreplay before delivering the goods .
Like a cross between `` The Wire '' and `` The French Connection , '' even if To 's blood-drenched fatalism goes a little overboard by the end . Despite the familiarity , it 's an impressive piece of work .
Few other working filmmakers display this degree of visual sophistication and old-school craftsmanship .
As always , To delivers fantastic set pieces ...
Drug War is a deeply intelligent , exhilarating and eminently satisfying adult crime story , one of the best thrillers you 're likely to see this year .
Breaking Bad fans , foreign film cineastes and gangster flick aficionados should all find something worthwhile in Johnnie To 's taut , impeccably staged film , an involving , atmospheric cops-and-criminals import .
An intense and constantly surprising crime story in which destiny seems to fold in on itself ...
An almost incongruously exciting effort from Johnnie To ...
To has a great mastery of timing ; he knows just how long to let a look linger before cutting away , how little he can reveal without losing us .
It 's like a Chinese version of The Wire .
A sizzling crime melodrama seemingly inspired by `` The French Connection '' . The best Hong Kong movie I have seen in years even remarkably filmed in China .
While it takes a while to come to a full boil , Drug War is an atypically grim gangster film from the typically inspired Hong Kong filmmaker Johnnie To .
Magnificent . Johnnie To 's police procedural , involving Tianjin police department sting operation , shares William Friedkin 's sense of muscular filming techniques - see `` The French Connection . ''
Cars go crunch , bullets fly , blood spurts , bodies splatter and an unbelievable amount of cocaine is snorted . The climactic shootout , which goes on for 15 minutes and has an astronomical body count , is a masterpiece of its kind .
While Mr. To may not fill the movie with rousing speeches , either by inclination or out of political necessity , the brilliant , unsettling action scenes - ugly , savage , dehumanizing - speak volumes .
The big budget and big social canvas have called forth one of -LSB- To 's -RSB- best movies , a dense and involving police procedural with a dash of the grotesque and a persistent undertone of doom .
The story 's apparent hero is a police captain without the quirks and complications of To 's usual cops . But a scriptwriting team that includes co-producer and longtime collaborator Wai Ka-fai takes the story in satisfyingly unexpected directions .
To manages to seize atypical nuances when it comes to the battle between good and evil , deploying ace tech credits to mastermind a sleek , scary look at the collateral damage of a seemingly futile conflict .
A tightly constructed account of a sting by Chinese cops trying to break up a meth ring , Drug War delivers the kind of finely calibrated suspense that has made To a world-class director .
Drug War becomes both weightier and more playful with each transition , building to a harrowing finale .
While Drug War is ultimately more an exercise in craft than a movie with a lot on its mind , it 's a remarkably skillful exercise , and hardly devoid of ideas .
It does n't attempt to raise the stakes on its genre , but instead fully exploits what 's there , piecing together an elaborate narc campaign tale out of classic clichés and tight-knot plotting ...
The genre thrills are as potent as the story 's themes ...
... features a tense , unstoppable momentum , a morally ambiguous protagonist and hugely involving action scenes , all of which provide a welcome alternative to many of the less precise spectacles released on American screens this summer .
Drug War is gripping from its opening shot and does n't loosen its mesmerizing hold on its viewer until its closing credits . Johnnie To delivers an aggressive slice of crime cinema that is n't afraid to take risks and is very rewarding because of it .
Muddled police drama , first actioner set in Mainland China .
The film is a singularly huge , relentless , all-encompassing set piece that mutates and spasms with terrifying lack of foresight . It 's all business , business , business .
Hong Kong action maestro Johnnie To takes his genre filmmaking savvy to the mainland in Drug War , a nail-biter that 's actually quite light on action but so well-scripted and shot , it 's nonetheless edge-of-your-seat material .
Dynamic chase film hits all the right buttons to fascinate edge-of-seat cop op addicts .
`` Drug War '' is by no means a bad film , but it does n't do much to push the needle of originality , and does n't glide enough to represent perfection of the genre .
Deftly balancing gritty police procedural with some memorably surreal/symbolic flourishes , Drug War shows this prolific genre master at the very top of his game .
Drug War is an absorbing , exciting film , and the work of a profoundly assured craftsman .

@highlight

A taut , solidly constructed action thriller with uncommon intelligence , Drug War delivers exhilarating set pieces without skimping on sophisticated filmmaking .