Fido tries very hard to keep the tone light , but it does n't succeed in meshing hilarity and horror : the more disturbing ideas it 's messing about with poke through .
Subtle ? No , but it 's clever and funny in a thoroughly reimagined alternate universe , where the paternal smiles of authority figures hide an unchecked police state keeping the gated communities white , middle class , and compliant .
Pretty funny , surprisingly smart , pleasant to look at , and often quite sick .
Andrew Currie 's script incisively observes how taboo preferences have become policies in the reality `` Fido '' creates . Macabre and satirical with the brash brio of all great zombie movies , `` Fido '' understands that the true ghouls ' hearts are still beating .
Surprisingly gentle in most of its humor and its gore quotient , making you wonder who exactly it was aimed at .
Fido finds a new wrinkle in the nearly exhausted zombie genre .
This set-up sounds like an amusing premise for a mild little low-budget spoof , but Fido is much more than that : it 's a full-blown social satire with zombies at its center .
The filmmakers get darkly amusing mileage out of the notion of tamed zombies in suburbian servitude
fun
Cute and witty , if a bit too dependent on its delightfully goofy storyline gimmick .
Fido is a fetching comedy with tongue-in-cheek social commentary and a quick wit .
This indie exercise is so stultifying you might want to check your own pulse .
One senses that zombie film kingpin George A. Romero , who satirized consumerism in `` Dawn of the Dead , '' would smile like a proud papa if he saw it .
Starts with an excellent idea , but does n't carry it far enough
If this movie 's concept appeals to you at all , I urge you to reward the filmmakers by seeing in the theatre if at all possible . It 's so small but so special . For you zombie fans , it 's a great dessert after all the carnage , but it still delivers what we
Fido 's humor comes from the clash of genres : bright cheery Americana butting up against the death and destruction of zombie horror .
Funny films have been in short supply lately . Do n't miss this one .
It 's a one-gag movie that starts off clever and cute , but wears thin after half an hour , and ultimately is like an excruciating Enzyte commercial for an hour and a half .
The movie 's breezy , blood-flecked entertainment , with no aim other than to give you a giggle and a shriek .
It 's beautifully filmed -LRB- in the saturated primary colors of 1950s-style Technicolor -RRB- , and it features a performance by the veteran Scottish actor Billy Connolly that 's a small marvel of comic resourcefulness .
-LSB- Director Currie -RSB- never lets the commentary overwhelm the humor , and the echoes of Douglas Sirk melodramas and Lassie movies just add to the fun .
This spoof of 1950s attitudes is also a witty commentary on 21st-century issues such as homeland security and illegal immigration .
Boasts a premise that might make for an amusing Far Side panel -- '50s suburbia with zombie servants -- and ... does n't do much else with it , actually .
... picks up where Shaun of the Dead left off .
Director Andrew Currie 's film is great looking with vivid colors and perfect 1950s set pieces .
Fido is a one-joke movie with some good performances and a few good gross-out moments . But it 's not dark enough or sick enough to be a cult favorite .
The concept is great and the movie has its moments . Just not enough of them .
This Technicolor goof on parallel-universe nostalgia has a serious timing problem . It plays like a '50s sitcom , and not the good , I Love Lucy kind .
Fido -LSB- is -RSB- a wildly entertaining comedy . It has as much humor as horror , and a wonderfully wonky way of making its many cogent social critiques .
In the ticklishly amusing satire Fido , the undead stagger along like stunned toddlers .
It 's just a clever , pointed little fable about the price of complacent conformity , slavish worship of the status quo , and trading freedom for the illusion of safety , wrapped in a sugary-sweet , Jordan-almond-colored coating that looks good enough to eat .
Fido does offer a good number of laughs , along with a healthy serving of gore to satisfy horror fans .
The main joke here is that Connolly 's Fido , though he never speaks , seems more alive than the rigidly conformist '50s males around him . It 's not quite enough to keep Fido more than a slight comedy .
The film retreats to political allegory -- evocations of the Bush administration 's so-called fear-mongering on terrorism -- and obvious pot shots at family values . More than anything , Fido is a missed opportunity .
Definitely the most fun you 'll have with the undead this week .
A crafty mixture of George Romero and Douglas Sirk , Fido is a boy and his zombie movie that may have an unusually pastoral color scheme but tears into its many satirical targets with the vigor of a freshly reborn flesh-eater .
Stretches its one-joke premise and artificial look beyond the breaking point .
Fido , which feels original despite borrowing from a half-dozen genres , should n't be taken too seriously .
There 's nothing here that could n't have been done better in an eight-minute sketch on `` Saturday Night Live . ''
Director Andrew Currie is better at laughs than scares , but he ca n't sustain either as Fido runs out of steam in the final stretch .
It 's a colourful and clever recreation of genre that comes at just the right moment , as society looks deep into the rancid maw of death and rediscovers the value of life .
While Fido is n't without a severed limb or a splash of blood , the emphasis here is on amusement and visual style , with the terror emanating more from social commentary than gore .
Is it too early to start lobbying for Fido Come Home ?
You think they 're dead , these zombie-film parodies , but , one after another , they keep lumbering back .
Effective and funny pot shots are taken at a repressive period in time . The gentle little film wo n't , however , blow your mind .
The movie happily rolls out retro trappings that promise some salient social commentary , perhaps about illegal immigrants , that never comes to fruition .
You say , Enough zombies already ? No , please , make room for Fido . A shotgun wedding of George Romero and SCTV , it 's madly funny -- a treat for moviegoers who do n't mind gnawed-off limbs with their high jinks .
Fido never goes anywhere interesting or particularly funny with its sketch-comedy premise .
A satirical spoof of the 1950s , in a bold but limited attempt to take a second , more irreverent look at what truly was going on back then .
The problem with this movie is that Billy Connolly never gets to open his mouth wide .
Fido is just a damn smart film , whether you want to classify it as a horror or a comedy or a horror/comedy or a zomcom ; it just works on almost every level .
It 's crazy and gutsy and campy and gross in all the right places .
It 's a sweet little comedy that never commits the cardinal sin of taking itself too seriously .
The cleverness of Fido 's concept maintains enough charm to want to disregard that its satire is pretty thin .
Amid the candy-coloured , fantasy - '50s cinematography , it 's all presented as a kind of arch cartoon , with the sort of line delivery you might encounter in a David Lynch or Tim Burton movie .
Strangely wholesome , gently splattery and adorably gory .
The premise is so fantastic you almost forgive the shortcomings of the movie itself .
This attempt at parodying the zombie genre via 50s pop culture never really finds its feet . Or teeth .
Offers a lot of campy fun ... but modern zombie fans may be disappointed .
For a one-joke movie , Fido does a fine job exploring every possible permutation of that joke .
There 's always room for zombies , and Mile Zero maker Andrew Currie adds an instant classic to the genre with Fido .
This is killer satire , drop-dead -LRB- and get back up again -RRB- funny .
Leave It to Beaver and Lassie meet Night of the Living Dead .
A delirious '50s satire .
Andrew Currie 's genial zombie comedy freshens up some familiar genre elements with considerable style and wit .
... issues of race and class divide are very real , and as you watch Fido you ca n't help but make comparisons to our own social issues .
Distinctly silly but generally entertaining ...
Brightly packaged and steadily amusing , even if the script never really develops anything interesting from its high-concept premise .








@highlight

Making the most of its thin premise , Fido is an occasionally touching satire that provides big laughs and enough blood and guts to please gorehounds .