-LSB- I -RSB- t might have been nice if the documentary had worked a bit harder to find a real internal narrative .
While it 's uncertain if A Tribe Called Quest will ever get back together and play again , it 's quite certain fans will love and appreciate BEATS , RHYMES & LIFE : THE TRAVELS OF A TRIBE CALLED QUEST as their final encore .
Rappaport covers a huge spectrum of voices and opinions , and the themes he explores get into personal relationships -- something everyone can relate to .
Rapaport , clearly a fan , is able to capture both the ongoing love and the tension within the band .
This authorized documentary is more of a celebration of the legendary Queens quartet than a serious exploration of their art . But considering how brilliant they were at their peak , it 's hard to disagree with the general sentiment .
Warning : The bassline Ron Carter contrived for the classic cut ` Buggin ' Out ' is about as easy to dislodge from your brain as a ` Night Gallery ' earwig .
Maybe I 'm just a sucker for good old fashioned hip-hop , but I found Michael Rapaport 's totally-by-the-numbers music doco -LSB- Beats , Rhymes & Life : The Travels of A Tribe Called Quest -RSB- absolutely compelling .
This documentary therefore did exactly what a good music doco should do : brought people like me up to speed and , according to reports from more serious hip hop fans in the audience , provided lots of information that was n't previously well known .
An adoring , though enlightening , look at the tumultuous run of the influential hip-hop group .
That mood of musical unity , of a sonic movement , is incredible , vibrantly recounted in Beats . It 's more than just a documentary , it 's a time capsule of hip hop originality and confidence .
The movie 's value is in informing and illuminating , not provoking .
It 's difficult to get a grasp on just what audience this documentary is made for .
Rapaport gets at the dynamics of a group that struggles even now to get along well enough to get paid - again .
Despite accusations of nearly succumbing to spotlighting beefs over beats , the film comes off as an honest representation of a great group that 's not to be forgotten .
A combination of timing , access , a visual aesthetic that reflects ATCQ 's Afrocentric `` surface philosophy '' -LRB- as the crew 's look is described -RRB- and , most importantly , story-conscious editing elevates the doc above the norm .
Even if you think you do n't like hip-hop you may find yourself captivated by the musicality of A Tribe Called Quest , and that alone is reason to watch this documentary ...
Respectful but not idolatrous , this is one ` Behind the Music ' piece that even those who have never heard of the group can appreciate .
Thanks to a particularly even-handed job by director Michael Rapaport , the story emerges as compelling , even for non-fans in the audience .
If you want to know what hip-hop is all about , this ` rapumentary ' is a fine place to start .
It tells a real story that is both complex and coherent , putting ATCQ 's impact on the level of what Dylan and The Beatles provided in their respective moments in musical history . And the argument is well made .
Good vibes propel what is a fairly straightforward account of the band 's formation , album output , and acrimonious breakup .
It 's a doozy .
The movie gets the beats and rhymes down pat , but the life part is a little messy . Oh well , two out of three ai n't bad .
There 's nothing new about the bickering between lead rappers Q-Tip and Phife , or their redundant breakup-and-reunion cycle . It helps that these lyricists are our key narrators , so at least they add wit and humour to their brief history .
I approached `` Beats , Rhymes & Life : The Travels of A Tribe Called Quest '' with a music lover 's curiosity and a film lover 's fondness for documentaries . I was not disappointed on either count .
There are scenes toward the end of the movie that hint at a fuzzier tomorrow for Tribe , but you leave appreciating the music as it was , not hoping for anything else .
The band 's politically charged hits still sound as fresh as when they were recorded , and their side projects may have improved with age . I had to download Jungle Brothers ' `` Black Is Black '' the minute I left the theater .
The emotional honesty Rapaport captures on screen comes off as real , a cut above standard-issue Behind the Music drama in terms of believability .
Somewhat against the odds , Rapaport manages to parlay his access and sycophancy into the plaint of a concerned fan : Please , fellas , squash this .
A surprisingly concise and eloquent look at hip-hop itself , abetted by analytical contributions from some of the genre 's most popular artists .
Either mandatory rap-nerd masturbation material or the most boring movie imaginable about that group with the song you liked in middle school .
There is a love/hate relationship within A Tribe Called Quest
Even as the band implodes , `` Beats '' flows as smoothly as Q-Tip on `` Verses From the Abstract . '' It 's the tension between the group 's core members that really propels the film forward .
An outstanding effort , and one of the more honest band biopics in recent years .
An entertaining discussion backed by awesomely laid-back tracks ... Chronicles a creative , jazz-influenced scene of hip-hop heads that saw the music as the cake , not the icing .
Rapaport smartly focuses on the yin-and-yang duo of Q-Tip and Phife Dawg , the group 's lead rappers , and a fascinating study in contrasts .
Tribe 's music takes a backseat to power struggle and personality conflict .
A reminder , part `` Behind the Music '' and part something better , that even artists professing love and togetherness have a hard time keeping it going .
Rapaport , a longtime Quest fan , clearly admires Tip . He 's just too forthright a storyteller to bury the tale of the quartet 's acrimonious unraveling .
A hip-hop version of The Rolling Stones ' ` Gim me Shelter ' and one of the best music docs to come out in recent years . Whether you love hip hop or not , this is a documentary not to be missed and one that will not be forgotten .
Even those who never joined the cult of A Tribe Called Quest will find this clear-eyed chronicle of their career irresistible .
Rapaport , in his feature directorial debut , does an admirable job recounting the group 's formation and dissecting its dissolution .
`` Beats , Rhymes & Life '' is a must for hip-hop heads . Others will either be won over or left wondering what all the fuss is about .
But unlike so many movies about the rise and fall of successful bands , this one manages to capture the thrill of discovery that A Tribe Called Quest enjoyed , at least in their early years .
The film serves both as a welcome document and reminder of the group in its prime , while also creating a portrait of lives still in motion , grown men trying to move on from yet respect the work of their younger selves .
it 's Rapaport 's mistake to spend so much time and energy unpacking something so much more obvious , and so much less interesting , than Tribe 's music .
Rapaport deserves credit for making a movie that 's neither exploitative nor puffy , and in which we find ourselves rooting for these two friends to get over themselves and work things out .
A phenomenal documentary .
You 'll definitely leave the movie hoping -LSB- A Tribe Called Quest -RSB- will work out their differences to make more music together sometime in the future .
As an introduction to A Tribe Called Quest and a history of a very particular side of hip-hop , this is pretty hard to beat .
... is a galvanizing documentary capable of sending audience members out on personal musical quests of their own .
A welcome blast of '90s nostalgia , taking us back to a time - and a sound - that pulsates with optimism .
Director Rapaport captures these intimate dynamics with startling depth , and the band members provide candid interviews that are amazing in their honesty and emotional insight .
While indulging in plenty of back-in-the-day remembrances , the film also creates a vivid image of the hip-hop that -LSB- A Tribe Called Quest -RSB- loved and also could n't wait to subvert .
Even as an `` 18 months later '' epilogue ensures us that everything 's hunky dory , this is one surprisingly grim celebration of a group Rapaport obviously loves .
Seminal hip-hop act gets due praise in solid bio-doc .
Starts out rather conventionally and builds into one of the most engaging music docs in years .
-LSB- The film -RSB- gives the seminal early '90s hip-hop group as stylish and intimate a treatment as fans could hope for , paying as much attention to the music in question as it does to the characters who made it .


@highlight

This documentary focuses less on the music and more on the personality clashes and in-group tensions to great , compelling effect .