the film cranks up the level of schmaltz to a fever pitch
Melodramatic and off-putting , this Zac Efron drama is a complete mess .
-LSB- A -RSB- ghoulish death comedy .
It 's more of a demo reel for Efron than a movie . His predominant fan base , though , wo n't mind a bit .
There 's a soft allure at play here , but it 's largely overshadowed by a well-worn dialogue , and an often muddled plot .
Guys certainly should n't throw their dignity out of the window to go see it alone , but if their girlfriends are dragging them along , they might just enjoy it a lot more than expected .
Let 's all go play baseball in the park with some ghosts , rather than wasting our time watching this silly , silly film .
Ttearjerking amalgam of Nicholas Sparks and M Night Shyamalan wo n't do Zac Efron any favours in his attempts to be taken seriously ...
There 's not much on this movie 's mind but photogenic healing , and making all the girls go ga-ga at the sight of Efron mewling with grief .
Cynics will find the film mawkish , but the story-telling is clear and involving .
What might have been a poignant exploration of the effects of bereavement is hamstrung by rotten twists , redundant action scenes and a few too many publicist-approved shots of Efron staring wistfully into the sunset .
This movie 's a teenage tear-jerker and it does its job very well .
While the subject matter tends towards morbidity , the film-makers strive to divert us with many dappling sunsets , the blue of Ephron 's eyes and a sappy melodrama that even 13-year-old girls might scoff at .
Shame it 's so slow and contradicts its own strained logic , ending up in the same listless limbo as The Time Traveler 's Wife and The Lovely Bones .
Future historians of the financial crisis may point to this movie , not Oliver Stone 's Wall Street sequel , as the cultural low point of the business world .
Efron excels , proving he 's leading-man material . But sign-post scoring and drill - 'em - home emotional beats weigh things down . Rubbish ending , too .
More maudlin than subtle , more schmaltzy than emotionally true .
Another solid performance by Zac Efron is flattened by bombastic filmmaking .
An adaptation that smooths out the sharp edges of Ben Sherwood 's source novel , it 's a decent enough vehicle to flaunt Efron 's acting chops .
As the drama increases , so do the clumsy flashbacks and corny lines : this relies on cheap tricks to force tears , even if those tricks work .
The photography is pretty , but the Ghost-lite script makes even less sense than the silly title .
It 's easy to appreciate what Charlie is trying to accomplish , but it does it in such a cloyingly manipulative manner that it 's impossible to get on board with it .
It 's rare teenage audiences get the chance to clock a metaphysical mystery when they could be watching a vampire fight a werewolf for the hand of a sourpuss .
Frequently tedious , badly written drama that fails to deliver the emotional punch it 's aiming for , thanks to a painfully obvious central twist that creates more problems than it resolves .
... a sporadically watchable yet pervasively uneven teen-oriented drama that ultimately just does n't work ...
If you liked Happy Zac in High School Musical , why not try Sad Zac ? All the chiselled sex appeal of the original , but now with a gloomy face on top !
All in all it 's harmless entertainment for girls and perhaps inspiring too , given the love interest wants to sail single-handedly around the world , but it is very melodramatic and syrupy .
I 'm sure that Efron and Steers will eventually come up with their next breakthrough -- either separately or together -- but this certainly is n't it .
Efron continues to transition gracefully from teen heartthrob to leading man material . He proves his dramatic mettle with an emotionally nuanced performance . The kid can act .
Some of my fellow critics at a media screening guffawed during the most egregiously syrupy moments , a reaction which paying audiences might well share .
Has its poignant moments but does not trust them , and does not explore its darker potential . It lays on the sentiment too thickly and underlines the uncanny with a heavy-handed touch .
If you buy the concept you might enjoy the film , but if you 're a hardened cynic you 'd better avoid Charlie St. Cloud , despite the very handsome location photography , which is its greatest asset .
If only Efron 's self-conscious attempts to extend his range -- whether it be drinking straight bourbon , punching a guy in the face , or spending the night with a girl -- were not always so unintentionally amusing .
The film 's thickly layered garnishes of Americana -- baseball , fishing , a coastal town that looks like it was designed by Norman Rockwell -- carries shades of Frank Capra and is proficiently directed by Burr Steers .
Zac Efron continues to prove his worth as a leading man in the appropriately sappy supernatural drama Charlie St. Cloud .
In the darkened anonymity of the theatre , you 'll be enjoying every sappy twist along the way .
Rather dull and a little too schmaltzy -LRB- the score makes it seem deliberately so -RRB- to really engage us , as the brotherly bond is manifested in Charlie meeting the ghost of Sam in daily -LRB- and dreary -RRB- baseball practice rituals
There 's a certain tenderness about the story that explores letting go and taking chances ... a film whose impact is greater than its storyline promises
In order to enjoy this film , you must : 1 . Enjoy other fantasy-based movies such as ` Ghost , ' 2 . Be open-minded about the afterlife , and 3 . Be entertained by beautiful landscapes .
This corny melodrama takes itself way too seriously , but it also seems perfectly targeted to its teen-romance devouring audience .
The only thing missing from this gothic-romance version of Ben Sherwood 's novel is a choir of angels .
As much as Charlie St. Cloud dresses up its formula with ghosts and pretty footage of boats on water , that formula remains stubbornly visible .
Efron has real star presence and he can act , and the role fits into the dreamboat mode his fans expect .
Sentimental and ultimately entertaining , aimed at women , I thought I was going to die during the incredibly slow first hour , but it picked up during the last half hour .
Zac Efron should consider a new agent .
a middling , inoffensive film , rife with woozy golden sunlight and swelling syrupy music invoked to create the emotions that the film itself fails to ignite
An inoffensive , worshipfully photographed , yet dramatically stolid interpretation of swelling adolescent feeling that wrings maximum consequence out of Zac Efron 's dewy-eyed , pin-up sensitivity .
The whole movie plays out like the bastard child of a Tiger Beat photo spread and one of Hallmark 's drippier greeting cards .
For all of its obvious calculations , Charlie St. CLoud is sincere and effective enough in its intentions to win over at least a few cynical hearts .
Less a movie than a Zac Efron photo album - and why did they give the entire plot away in the trailer ?
Efron 's acting consists primarily of blank stares into space and reciting boringly ordinary dialogue . The movie 's main strengths are the picturesque scenic venue of Vancouver , British Columbia and the crystal clear cinematography .
Maybe it will inspire some people struggling at home to break through their fears and live some life . It 's also about where dreamy broody guys come from , because Zac Efron really sells Charlie 's sketchy behavior , but man is he still dreamy .
Maybe it will inspire some people struggling at home to break through their fears and live some life . It 's also about where dreamy broody guys come from , because Zac Efron really sells Charlie 's sketchy behavior , but man is he still dreamy .
A romance in the grand Hollywood tradition , the script takes a Sixth Sense turn that gets in the way of Charlie and Tess ' - and Charlie and Sam 's - chemistry .
As far as these kind of movies go , it 's fairly good . Better yet , you do n't just feel as if you 're watching a sad sap story on the back of a postcard like `` Dear John '' or `` The Last Song . ''
The vehicle may get a little jacked up along the way , but its passenger arrives in style : The kid 's a star .
There 's a decent drama buried in Charlie St. Cloud if the writers and director had the nerve to remove the film of all of its supernatural tricks , all of which feel much more maudlin than genuine .
In the battle between raw tear-jerking and understatedly convincing performances , neither side wins , but sporadic sparks fly .
A sweet little film about loss and grieving .
All this sets us up for a `` twist '' ending , but if you do n't predict it a half-hour before its revelation , you surely must have nodded off during baseball practice .
Where 's a vampire when you need one ?
The movie has a machine-extruded gloss that makes it harder , not easier , to swallow its difficult emotions .
The plot may be a stretch , but the raw emotions are not and Efron is up for the task .
Maudlin and unintentionally hilarious .
If sunlight dappling off the Atlantic and the earnest faces of pure young lovers , plus a dash of unthreatening feel-good spirituality , is all you need to feel sated , then by all means , dive right in .
Have you ever flipped really fast between one channel showing `` Dawson 's Creek '' re-runs and another showing `` Ghost Whisperer '' ? Even if you have n't , you pretty much get the idea .
While Efron does his best to carry the film , the rest of Charlie St. Cloud feels a bit too formulaic , pretentious and cloying ...
If Zac Efron had n't signed on , this sappy spiritual fantasy would certainly have skipped the cineplex altogether -- in favor of eternal rotation on cable .
It could be a one-note characterization , but Efron finds competing emotions in Charlie , and he conveys all of them to us .
The movie tries to capture the crushing weight of loss , but between the insipid pop tunes and the repetitive shots cutting away to a lighthouse on a scenic outcropping , it feels more like a film version of a condolence card .
Despite all the effort , Efron and the mugging Tahan do n't strike fire , and their affectionate banter gets old .
Charlie St. Cloud -- from its awful title to its annoyingly perfect photography -- is a schmaltzy sniffle at best .
A well-crafted tearjerker with a grown-up performance from Zac Efron . If you do n't mind risking dehydration , it 's the movie for you .
It 's a supernatural , spiritual , sentimental sob-story that does n't quite work .
Nicholas Sparks-meets-Bruce Joel Rubin ... The movie 's God talk -LRB- most of it coming from ... Ray Liotta ? -RRB- and blatant expression of theme through platitudes make this romantic melodrama as drippy as the St. Cloud boys ' eyes .
Charlie St. Cloud sees dead people . Possibly filing in to watch this movie .
Zac Efron is so pretty even dead people want to be his friend .
You are not , in a movie like this , supposed to think too much ; you are supposed to be transported beyond skepticism on a wave of pure , tacky feeling . Instead , in this case , you drown in sentimental , ghoulish nonsense .
Steers and his screenwriters are n't aiming for logic ; they 're leading up to the next opportunity for Efron to remove his shirt .
It never really rings true here , largely because everything seems so flat .
Steers takes his time and it pays off in Efron 's subdued performance , earnest and yearning .
Charlie St. Cloud is a delicate film - not flimsy , but fragile - that holds together on the strength of Efron 's physical presence and performance .
With its assurances that everything happens for a reason and everything will be alright , a potentially haunting story becomes a philosophical one-way street .
Necessary supporting characters , such as Charlie 's mother -LRB- Kim Basinger -RRB- and his devoted paramedic -LRB- Ray Liotta -RRB- , are clipped almost entirely out of the film , leaving massive gaps in the community atmosphere the script appears interested in developing .
Zac Efron can act and has a very large emotional arc . The film is both devastating and very uplifting though it does fall on the cheesy side at times .
This could have been a sappy Hallmark story ; instead it 's uplifting and thoughtful .
Schmaltzy ? Yup . But not stifling . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
Poignant Efron drama too intense for younger fans .
It 's like a friend you 're not that fond of sobbing sloppily on your shoulder .
A hackneyed , disjointed , painfully corny and contrived drama that ca n't be saved by breathtaking scenery or Zac Efron 's charming performance . It 's best suited as a Lifetime TV movie-of-the-week .
Charlie St. Cloud will be a dream come true for the Nicholas Sparks crowd -LRB- especially considering that it is more honest and certainly smarter than recent legitimate adaptations Dear John and The Last Song -RRB- .
Zac Efron makes an affecting and credible dramatic lead in `` Charlie St. Cloud , '' the movie Nicholas Sparks wishes he could write , based on the book by Ben Sherwood .
A touching and heartfelt examination of -- OMG !!! Zac just took his shirt off !!!
Maudlin , manipulative tearjerker ... St. Jude , as the script helpfully explains , is the patron of hopeless cases , but even his presence ca n't save this picture .
The good news is that Efron continues to get better with each film ; he just has n't gotten a role yet that will finally put his acting potential to the test .
An over-sentimental effort that incorporates love , drama , bereavement , comedy , seagoing adventure and mystical uplift ...
Zac Efron will probably break out of the heartthrob mold eventually , but Charlie St. Cloud is not going to be the one to do it for him .
A melodramatic and hopelessly disorganized feature-length episode of `` The Ghost Whisperer '' that trots out an exhausted `` Sixth Sense '' escape clause after painting itself into one too many narrative corners .
It 's a ludicrous blend of melodrama and supernatural elements , and the results suggest what might happen if sappy author Nicholas Sparks and twisty filmmaker M. Night Shyamalan ever joined forces .
He is noble . He is virtuous . He is often wet .
This movie has all the elements of a Nicholas Sparks novel except for letters and logic .
Te film is memorable mainly for attractive people sailing and smooching against an attractive backdrop . There 's no urgency behind all the preening .
A sentimental tearjerker about grief , miracles , letting go , moving on , second chances , the healing power of love , and the perpetual allure of pretty young movie stars .
`` Charlie St. Cloud '' will resonate with its 12-year-old female target audience . The rest of us have to pretend like we understand , or ignore the whole thing entirely .
The sappy script is a disservice to the naturally effervescent Efron , whose character is so mopey he makes Robert Pattinson seem like a song-and-dance man .
I found it impossible not to fall in love with Charlie St. Cloud . Because he is genuinely compassionate , genuinely hurting , and genuinely endearing . And that 's all because Efron has real soul onscreen .
Pushes its luck with the supernatural element until you ca n't continue to be forgiving .
Perhaps no haunted , grieving character in the history of cinema has had his abs lingered over as much as Efron here .
Those easily moved will sniffle as cued ; anyone else is likely to remain dry-eyed .
Efron does a serviceable job in this young-adult drama that blends elements of fantasy , romance , and weepies into a package that is unconventional despite its relative predictability .
An unstable mix of youth romance , metaphysical idealism and tropes that seemingly belong in a horror film .
Some bad movies should carry a leper 's bell to warn off ticket buyers . Such a contagion is Charlie St. Cloud , a load of mawkish swill starring Zac Efron .
The story 's icky , frankly .
Efron cries tears the way a cheerleader waves pom-poms .
Even at his lowest points Charlie appears ready to audition for a skin-care or Calvin Klein commercial .
The characters and their supernatural love triangle are developed with a businesslike efficiency that makes it almost impossible to invest in them emotionally .
The surreal thing is , Zac Efron ca n't do despair . He plays it by staring . Blankly . And by not smiling . Blankly .
The movie 's central gimmick is n't enough , and when more supernatural twists that do n't play by the movie 's own fantasy rules kick in , it lost me .
The picture is a declawed mess , begging for tears in the end . I hope the filmmakers are willing to accept puzzled looks instead .
Zac Efron is going places as an actor of value . But he deserves better movies than Charlie St. Cloud .
Shallow homilies ultimately dominate , but there 's a deeper movie trying to get out from behind the greeting card .
This handsomely shot melodrama has a twist too peculiar to dismiss as some two-bit Nicholas Sparks weepie .
Only marginally suited for a Hallmark Hall of Fame TV episode .
The schmaltzy spawn of The Sixth Sense .


@highlight

Zac Efron gives it his all , but Charlie St. Cloud is too shallow and cloying to offer much more than eye candy for his fans .