This is cinema that answers to nothing but itself .
Avoid at all costs .
-LSB- Director Paul -RSB- Schrader peppers the film with stylistic touches that remind you of the dark , playful master he once was .
A film full of social criticism that perhaps gets lost in an uncontrolled sea , with surprisingly calm interpretations , ends up being defined by some of the most ferocious dialogues of its protagonists . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that generates a hallucinogenic capacity for the most absolute fascination from beginning to end , where Schrader 's psychedelic tone turns out really surprising . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is a nihilistic film about nasty folks on a self-destructive path , a little too familiar by now but still more interesting than your usual crime-gone-bad films ...
Dog Eat Dog is dark , unpleasant and violent .
As Dog Eats Dog clicks along , the plot takes a backseat , until it evaporates completely , leaving a series of unsatisfying scenes that collapse in a bizarre climax .
It 's sort of terrible . It 's sort of terrific . It 's never boring .
This is an unholy mess , but the unhinged performances make it enough of an oddity to be worth a look . Just do n't say you were n't warned ...
Weird but also pretty entertaining in places .
A crassly nihilistic crime movie that is brought to you by the veteran director Paul Schrader and the often dazzling lead actors Nicolas Cage and Willem Dafoe , Dog Eat Dog is a waste of their talents .
The way it gleefully embraces the violent , racist and misogynistic impulses of its ageing white male protagonists in post-recession America makes it feel sickeningly apropos .
The subject matter may be familiar but Schrader and screenwriter Matthew Wilder unashamedly relish the possibilities offered by a go-for-broke storyline ...
A rambling , meandering experience ...
Schrader wo n't win any awards for Dog Eat Dog but it certainly qualifies as a guilty pleasure . Dafoe and Cage enjoy themselves hugely as the low-grade , `` nickel-and-dime '' career criminals dreaming of the payday that will never come .
There 's half an argument that this schlocky lowlife caper energises its director 's visual imagination more than we 've seen lately - hey , at least he 's trying something - but it 's not a juggling feat he can keep up all day .
Schrader has fun , wallowing in the lurid detail and bloody violence .
Hackneyed and somewhat dated Tarantino-isms abound . But for the committed fan of such things , there is more than enough to enjoy here ...
Instantly forgettable , and there 's nothing wrong with that .
There are some misjudgements along the way and it 's a film that 's definitely a little rough around the edges but it reveals Schrader as an old dog who still knows a trick or two .
The movie is two guys doing whatever the f--k they want for an hour and a half , with results that range from exhilarating to exasperating , but mostly the former as far as I 'm concerned .
The biggest waste is Cage : a brief spot of shit-losing would 've gone a long way to elevating this forgettable thriller .
The plotting is muddy and the snickering amorality leaves a bad taste .
Dog Eat Dog occasionally positions itself as social commentary , but it 's mainly a bloody , trippy , bare-fanged pulp thriller featuring terrifically entertaining performances from old dogs Cage and Dafoe .
Even the crime itself fails to be clever or interesting , and the horrific bumbling of the characters carrying it out only makes the situation worse .
Saturated with campy gore , it plays as if they put the basic formula for a pulp B movie in a blender and set it to purée . The result is a punk comedy that 's repugnant but never boring .
Dog Eat Dog is at its best when it 's both strangely fascinating and repellant ... But , like a fat tire with a nail , it loses air as it goes along and you 're just left hoping that Cage and Dafoe bought themselves something nice with their paychecks .
Dog Eat Dog has a lot of crazy , scary and wonderful moving parts . It 's just unfortunate that so few of them fit together .
If you think Nic Cage trying to angrily mansplain the rapidly spiraling chaos around him is hilarious so long as it stays in the realm of fiction , it is .
Schrader thrusts the amoral ugliness onto the screen in puckishly cold compositions suffused with screechingly acidulous colors .
I felt a bit more positive about `` Dog Eat Dog '' until the unnecessary violent ending that felt completely out of place with an uncharacteristic twist . It takes it down a notch .
This is Paul Schrader 's `` Week-End '' - a cine-apocalypse instigated by a filmmaker so he can start anew .
The loopy performances , character quirks and throwback visual gimmicks help to disguise the more formulaic genre elements in the script , although the film never finds an emotional entry point amid its onslaught of bloody nihilism .
A movie that seemed to be ultimately interested in yelling at the audience , and talking to itself .
A giant middle finger to anyone who 's ever forced Paul Schrader to compromise .
Dog Eat Dog may be successfully alienating , but that does n't mean it 's entertaining , thoughtful or even successfully provocative .
-LSB- I -RSB- t 's a study of three characters who are so deluded about themselves and their criminality that it really only reinforces their delusions .
Too often the movie is content to come off like a cranky old uncle who 's seen a lot more crime movies than you have .
Whatever you think is going to happen to these fellas , does .
In the end , `` terrible yet fascinating '' is an apt description for Dog Eat Dog
The film might have taken a more original route to perdition . You can never guess what wild-eyed prank Schrader will pull next , but his characters are more predictable .
It 's Schrader trying to raise hell with stars Nicolas Cage and Willem Dafoe , and while the feature achieves craziness , it does n't translate to anything particularly memorable .
Hardly the kind of prickly , illuminating male-pattern badness we 've come to expect from Schrader .
Dog Eat Dog never truly gels as a thriller , but its quirks and its performances ensure that it 's not dull .
Movie fans might be better off watching a dog actually munch on another dog .
Dog Eat Dog avoids any relationship between character psychology and visual style ; they jab against each other , angrily vying for attention , as a nihilistic commentary on crime movies and genre stories .
Dog Eat Dog is all bark and no bite , playing around in a sandbox of vulgarity with little rhyme or reason .
Why watch the nihilistic Dog Eat Dog ... when Schrader has made so many other movies that deal far more tenderly - and equally brutally - with characters of a similar ilk - his criminals , outsiders and losers ?
The plotting might be messy but it 's the style that grips , with Schrader and his crew ensuring that almost every scene is vibrant , shocking , alive .
Paul Schrader 's film scrambles for contemporary relevance and finds only nihilistic hollowness .
Unfortunately , all Dog Eat Dog reveals is a group of talented people with their best work long behind them .
Dog Eat Dog will not be for everybody , it 's unforgiving in its commitment to violence and unconventional in its means of storytelling .
A real mutt of a dark comedy , wallowing in you-know-what .
Totally demented but so much fun .
This is Schrader doing an exploitation movie , and it 's as gleefully , giddily disreputable as it should be .
It 's unlikely anyone watching the results will have as much fun as they did making it , but at least they are invited to laugh along at all the dirty deeds these major movie players did dirt cheap .
It 's not a good movie , but , paradoxically , it 's a perfect indication of Schrader 's genius . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
Taking the trashy gusto exhibited in The Canyons to whole new extremes , Schrader goes full exploitation for Dog Eat Dog 's first act .
Feels like a lukewarm retread of elements -LSB- Schrader -RSB- has achieved , as a writer and director , much better before .
The film positively swills in its disreputability and all-around low-budgetness ; sporting a healthy disregard for respectability , Schrader has just gone for it here with a highly focused recklessness that he turns to his creative advantage .
Like the criminals , who do n't have even so much as a code among thieves to abide by , Schrader 's choices nearly all seem to be arbitrary . Instead of coming off as veterans who know what they 're doing , the result feels dangerously amateur .
Overall , you get the impression of a ferociously intelligent director flirting with a veneer of dumbness for the fun of it , but the act never really convinces .
Plot strands are left dangling ; but Schrader carries it off . He still has flair .

@highlight

Dog Eat Dog 's refreshing bundle of quirks and surfeit of visual style are n't quite enough to compensate for an aimlessly forgettable story .