Primer gains its seductive power by leaving the solution tantalizingly out of reach .
A pretty nifty picture with just found objects and a timelessly intriguing idea .
Primer is off-putting : in trying to be elusive it 's simply obstructive .
An exhilarating , disturbing and funny experience .
Where 's Doc Brown when you need him ?
Shot for a begged and borrowed $ 7,000 , ` Primer ' looks it : grainy-ish , fuzzy on details and effects , acting running the gamut from A to B , and clipped incomprehensible technobabble for dialogue .
Ridiculous , confusing , vaguely noir-ish nonsense .
Discombobulating and mind-bending sci fi thriller . I think .
An exceptional science fiction film ...
Mind-bending thrillers like Primer are terrific viewing with your teenagers . Maybe if you 're nice , they 'll explain the ending to you .
Oh , man , they do n't make 'em like this often . A film unabashedly for the nerds in the audience -LRB- God love us -RRB- , this is the type of film you could inflict upon your enemies , watching them squirm as they stare at the screen .
Scary , puzzling , and different .
Shane Carruth 's ultra-low budget , 78-minute sci-fi film could almost be a ` B ' movie from the past if not for its icy intelligence .
This film imagines its viewers to be smart , possessed of a decent attention span and game for a challenge . It does n't happen all that often .
It 's easy -LRB- and exhilarating -RRB- to be caught up by its possibilities .
Primer is n't for everyone , but for those who enjoy a complex , tricky plot , it marks the debut of an exciting new talent .
Shane Carruth 's Primer is a science fiction movie like no other , pushing its experimental tendencies as far as they can go without betraying the genre
Confident and well-woven .
One of the most original and intriguing film debuts of the last few years .
Not recommended for entry-level time-travel theorists , but experienced ` chrononauts ' will meet themselves scratching their heads in amused puzzlement as they emerge from an earlier screening .
One of the most wilfully obscure sci-fi movies ever made , Primer will either blow your mind or drive you out of it .
If he could 've made some sense of it in the end , Carruth 'd have a masterpiece on his hands .
Even at a short 77 minutes , Primer is bloated , draggy , cumbersome , confusing , and almost entirely unengaging
Una joya de ritmo y de temática .
I did n't understand Primer ; worse yet , I did n't care .
Primer est un film difficile à détester , mais encore plus difficile à pleinement apprécier .
One of the best science fiction films I have seen , and certainly as one of the genre 's best in recent years .
Only after watching this film did I realize the even more amazing story .
Unrelentingly boring .
While Primer was not widely distributed and never found an audience , it is among the best speculative films of last year .
You can choose to be fascinated -LRB- like I was -RRB- , or just give up all together . Either way , you got ta admit , these guys have guts .
If you 've seen Memento , you 've some idea of the ingenuity on display here . For $ 7,000 dollars , could you make a better big screen film ?
To enjoy the film you have to be willing to let your brain work overtime during every second of its 77-minute run , and even then you 'll miss things .
Packs more ideas than a hundred big-budget studio films made for a thousand times more money .
May very well be one of the best American movies of the year , and I 'll be damned if I understood more than 40 percent of it .
An unapologetically cerebral movie of ideas .
It 's one thing to admire what writer/director/composer / actor Shane Carruth wrought on his $ 1.98 digicam budget ; it 's quite another to have to sit through the mind-numbing results .
The ingenious debut of writer-director Shane Carruth , who assembled the film on his home computer and also plays one of the two leads , is purposely designed to be a little bewildering .
It 's a tiny-budget indie film with an interesting sci-fi story premise . Too bad the mystery overwhelms the humanity , so it does n't quite work .
Eerily , unswervingly transfixing .
Even as Primer 's plot ends up seeming contrived , that is , arguably , the thematic point : stories are always unstable and untrustworthy .
A smart , clever time-travel game played on audiences and with them
I do n't need to be spoon fed , but unlock the kitchen for me , would you ? And get a new sound guy .
It takes a lot for a movie to surprise today 's jaded , seen-it , bought-the - PlayStation-version sci-fi fan . Primer can . Let it .
A jigsaw puzzle made of pieces that may or may not fit together , it assumes the intelligence and interest of its audience , a brave move that pays off big .
Carruth challenges us to imagine the impossible , then asks us to consider the moral , ethical and spiritual implications of what we have witnessed , and put those considerations on equal footing with man 's desire to go where no man has gone before .
It 's refreshing to see something this different . And something this ambitious with its characters .
Like watching something that 's always on the verge of being a movie .
In steady , assured hands and a well-thought-out script , time travel can make for sizzling tension and paradoxes that present mind-wringing puzzles .
Worms its way into your good graces by reveling in workaday details that the typical science-fiction flick leaves out .
A thrilling , eventually hollow intellectual exercise . Carruth 's a major talent -LRB- particularly his editing -- which surfs the edge of incoherence without ever quite capsizing . -RRB-
Like that other deliberately obfuscatory film -- David Lynch 's Mulholland Drive -- Primer sends you out of the theater convinced you 've seen something special even if you ca n't quite figure out what the heck it was .
` Primer ' is so convoluted that it makes ` Memento ' look like ` The Straight Story . '
So much of the picture is impenetrable that the intrigue always remains dangling-like a cat chasing a ball of string , it 's always just out of our reach .
There have of course been time-travel movies before , but never one in which the ramifications are so visceral and raw .
While some may find this talky and drably realistic film a bit heavy going ... Primer nonetheless hooks you with its crisp storytelling and ingenious premise .
Such a head-scratcher you might emerge from it with a doughnut hole in your temple .
It 's different , that 's all , and it 's good because it 's different .
Tackles the most speculative subject , time travel , on a budget that would barely cover Will Smith 's sunglasses . And it does it with an intelligence and daring that should shame producers of superficial mega-budgeted fantasias .
It is maddening , fascinating and completely successful .
The movie may be too precious for mass consumption , but its filmmakers ' willingness to assume the best of their audience , combined with its Everyman origins , suggest a movie that deserves a chance .
Like the ` time boxes ' in the film , ` Primer ' is a meticulously constructed and compact homemade wonder ...
It 's a genuine achievement -- frustrating and opaque but hard to dismiss .
Has such an engaging , offbeat first half that it 's all the more frustrating when it gets lost inside its own convolutions and delayed revelations .
It has all the hallmarks of an amateur production : questionable sound and picture quality , crude performances , and dubious editing .
It 's hard to always know what Primer is saying or where it 's heading , but it looks fantastic while it unfolds and you wo n't be able to forget what you 've witnessed .
Incredibly confusing but oddly compelling .
The real-deal dialogue as well as the tight , grainy shots make you feel like you 're eavesdropping on a big secret . And it adds a haunting quality viewers will find impossible to shake .
Once you move beyond the film 's rigorous braininess and authentic feel , you stumble into a thicket of overlapping dialogue , jump cuts and an unwillingness on the part of Carruth to at least leave a trail of bread crumbs behind him .
A back-to-basics indie upstart that gets the job done well .
A dense and dazzling science-fiction mind-bender unassumingly dressed up in a tech geek 's short-sleeved oxford shirt , pocket protector and safety goggles .
Love it or hate it , you wo n't be able to leave it alone .
Almost by definition problematic and difficult to follow , and being hard to understand is not the same as being smart .
The first thing Shane Carruth should have done as a director was fire himself as an actor , because I think he gives a terrible performance .
It 's dense , and in a way that does n't begin to reward the effort required to untie it .
Intriguing but flawed .
Every frame of the way , it 's eminently clear that Primer is the work of an engineer , not a film - maker .
By turns inventive , confounding and obtuse , it does n't always work , but it challenges , nonetheless .
This movie manages to be effective about a topic as complex and difficult to render as time travel .
What 's impressive -- aside from the fact that Carruth got the thing made in the first place -- is that the movie 's tone skates right between coherence and an appreciation for endless , even infinite possibilities .
Carruth 's worthy entry in the Blair Witch Project/Pi sweepstakes is inordinately clever in making the most of modest resources .
This sci-fi brain-bender is n't for most , but it 's the most rewardingly rewatchable movie since Memento .
Writer-director Shane Carruth makes a low-tech , low-budget entry into a staple of science fiction and manages to make it feel like a genre you 've never been to before .
The movie is n't much more than a mash-up of Frankenstein and In the Company of Men .
A brilliant little indie thriller .
Carruth has made a fascinating first film and a solid foundation for things to come .
The Grand Jury Award for Primer is an embarrassment for Sundance .
-LSB- The film -RSB- is Mullholland Dr. for math geeks , Memento for mad geniuses , or simply one of the most inventive films ever made for pennies on the Hollywood dollar .
Alluringly knotty .
Rarely has bafflement been so absorbing and fun .
Primer is a movie in desperate need of being dumbed down , or dumbed up , so all of us can get it .
There are stumbles in this twisting science fiction tale about the perils of prescience , but even so , Primer is one of the most auspicious debuts in recent memory .
A precocious and imaginative work -- though also a fairly impenetrable one .
Primer has no respect for genuine mystery but relishes obfuscation as being really cool .
A fascinatingly obtuse puzzle box that manages to be gripping even after it stops making sense .
The oomph in this clever conceit comes from the intensity of its lead characters .
An impressive , if muddled , first effort from writer-director-actor Shane Carruth .
Whether you 're able to grasp how they do it is unimportant -LSB- you wo n't -RSB- , but being intrigued by the idea is what will rope you in to this one .
The humorless , self-important narrative is so impenetrable , you 'd have to consult a synopsis to know they 're traveling back and forth in time in increments of a few hours , with unforeseen consequences .
The movie is hard to describe and even harder to fully grasp . It 's not for everybody , but could be a cult hit amongst the pocket-protector crowd .
This is science fiction for ... those who are n't afraid of entertainment that ruins the curve by being scarily smart ...
A terrific little film about afterhours industry , tenderfoot genius and , of course , the evil in men 's souls .
If this had been in Greek and Swahili without subtitles it could n't have been more incomprehensible . You will rarely spend 80 more excruciating minutes .
As inert and disinteresting as the base paint after which it 's named .
The screenplay is convoluted but fascinating .
This no-budget brainteaser from Dallas native Shane Carruth offers ample intellectual rewards .
An ingenious first film made on a budget of about $ 7,000 by a former engineer and self-taught filmmaker about the perils of ingenuity .
Its analog-egghead approach may be the freshest thing the genre has seen since 2001 .
My experience watching Primer `` just once '' felt incomplete , thus so should my recommendation .
Definitely this is a demanding and puzzling film that does a lot with its miniscule budget .
A PhD in Physics might help you to understand this .
In the last act Carruth seems to be wandering in search of a way out of his box and enters the space warp of sci-fi breakdown .
... Primer remains baffling virtually from start to finish - which is a shame , really , given that this does seem to be a really cool premise for a movie ...
Despite its shortcomings , Primer remains watchable thanks to Carruth 's dense and intriguing filmmaking .
May be the most intellectually demanding motion picture of the year . Some will find their mind satiated . Others will leave angry . In one way or another , all will be baffled .
Extremely fresh and interesting -- a real gem of a first film .
This flick has plenty going for it . You just have to be patient .
Primer is perfect Sundance material , its bland , anonymous actors and competent , Sprint-commercial mise-en-scène masked in the guise of independence .
` By avoiding cheesy revelations and typical characters arcs , Carruth has created a small but intelligent film bursting at the seams with ideas . '
Some audiences may resent a film in which we ca n't feel superior to anyone , but there 's enough material here to keep you stuck at the water cooler for months .
Betrays its potential for greatness by sacrificing riveting storytelling for unbelievable obtuseness
We are left with a fascinating , well-played story that dissolves in the end -- a pity , really , since it has so much potential up to that point .
Nothing in this film inspires audiences to go back and study its twisting turning events . Instead it inspires plenty of head scratching and maybe a little irritation .
Essentially , it 's the story of weekend scientists who build a time machine in a suburban garage . But this nearly gets lost in a miasma of technical jargon and scientific conjecture .



@highlight

Dense , obtuse , but stimulating , Primer is a film for viewers ready for a cerebral challenge .