It 's easy to see how Linden attracted such a star-studded young cast . Most every character has his or her own moment , and many of them deliver lines that stick with you .
To hate 10 Years is like hating the enthusiastic girl who organizes your high school reunion -- can you really be so mean when so much effort was made and a reasonably good time was had by all ?
Solid work ... by , most notably , Lynn Collins , whose Anna is the most deeply explored character in the film .
The ingredients are there , but not the follow-through : This resolutely niceness-first film just wo n't stir the pot .
a pleasing mix of belly laughs and gentle sighs . When the plot twists , and the secrets are revealed , what they lack in surprise they almost make up for in a gentle , heartfelt sincerity .
This should be a new rule for filmmakers : If the people you 're following are n't as interesting as the real folks you know and love , your movie wo n't be much to leave home for or come home to .
There is an embarrassment of wealth in the young acting pool participating in this enormous ensemble filled with drama and comedy .
It 's about as much fun as spending 100 minutes in a room full of annoying strangers .
-LSB- Linden -RSB- also makes a wise decision by having his cast drinking and/or drunk throughout the entire movie . The audience would do well to do the same .
Trite , banal and underwhelming .
`` 10 Years , '' which should have abandoned its attempted comedy and focused on its somewhat effective drama , unintentionally backfires by proving that a real-life Hollywood couple has less on-screen chemistry than two actors who 've practically never met .
10 Years is no Big Chill , but it has just enough warmth to keep it alive .
. . the major players all feel real and relatable and the Albuquerque location projects anywhere U.S.A.
Mediocre reunion pic , great cast .
A bracingly un-gimmicky , heartfelt and fresh take on the theme of growing up .
Maybe check back in another decade ?
This disjointed reunion dramedy really works in its final act , but that conclusion ca n't make up for what came before .
A bittersweet ensemble comedy about how much people and circumstances can change while staying quite the same .
A full-blown entertainment of observational humor and relatable poignancy .
Even the most exhausted , hackneyed and innately annoying genre can yield a film of breezy charm and prickly dramatic consequence .
Anybody who 's debating whether to attend his high-school union will certainly be dissuaded from doing so by watching a few minutes of this dismal dramedy .
Made in the vein of The Big Chill , only cuter and more sentimental , this reunion tale benefits from its appealing cast headed by Chaning Tatum .
An inconsequential high-school-reunion comedy that gets better when it stops trying to make you laugh .
Once `` 10 Years '' establishes its archetypal characters , you can predict exactly what 's going to happen to all of them ...
Little deviations from the norm that add up here , making 10 Years feel special and considered , and not just a vessel to sell nostalgia and a soundtrack to a generation in the mood for a little regression .
Linden manages to overcome what would seem to be a premise fraught with peril with a lot of help from a likable cast , making `` 10 Years '' a surprisingly enjoyable movie .
Takes a bare-bones concept and lets a spectrum of forced and poignant moments play out over a night that 's happily light on drunken shenanigans .
'10 Years ' is a surprisingly solid variation on a familiar tune .
Writer/director Jamie Linden and his excellent cast beautifully evoke the sentimental magic inherent in their scenario .
The Most Charming is Oscar Isaac . . who finally gets to be a romantic live wire in the movies ... Too bad too much of the rest of the reunion and the film is so familiar .
10 Years is an ambitious character piece with a mostly charming cast and problems we can somewhat relate to , but Jamie Linden does n't give himself nearly enough time to properly progress each character .
The movie ebbs and flows : it 's interesting for a while , followed by a dull stretch-lively for a bit , then stagnant . Thinking about it , I realized it was n't very different from a real-life reunion .
A modest yet respectable first chapter of Channing 's producing career .
If you 've scrupulously avoided high-school reunions , do n't let this ho-hum film change your mindset .
Needless to say , everybody comes equipped with their very own overweight baggage ; old grudges are revived , new ones are invented ; and big personal revelations -- most of which you can see coming a mile away -- arrive on cue .
Pals reconnect in reunion-set dramedy ; some iffy stuff .
It 's too bad 10 Years is n't , you know , funny .
Even when the script seems ready to settle for cliché - with cavemen guys being civilized by the more evolved women in their life - it takes a slight detour .
Is there anything less narratively interesting than a high school reunion that focuses exclusively on the beautiful and popular crowd ? Who all now seem to be leading normal , if flawed , lives ?
I expect more from my sincere nostalgic dramas , but if you do n't , it gets a lot worse than 10 Years .
There 's a lot of been-there , done-that going on . That said , this very distant , slightly more youthful cousin to The Big Chill presents a convincing version of a 10-year high school reunion .
An unpretentious , well-acted ensemble piece that does n't aspire to be a portentous generational time capsule like `` The Big Chill , '' `` American Graffiti '' or `` Diner . ''
It may not be life changing or even original , but it is a feel good movie that reminds us that we are all a little afraid of growing up .
A fetching drama about a high school class reunion with some magical moments .
10 Years does nothing noteworthy , but it does it well , thanks to its ensemble cast .
First-time director Jamie Linden 's thesis is clear : Nobody has changed all that much in those mostly collegiate 10 years , but that does n't mean they still ca n't .
A strong cast convincingly captures the many ways in which adulthood proves far more complicated than what 's imagined at 18 .
An amiable , seriocomic high-school-reunion movie , 10 Years succeeds in pulling off a fine varsity talent show .
If nothing else , 10 Years is hip to the fleeting , fundamental joys of revisiting one 's youth .
There 's a relaxed , unforced , melancholy sweetness and swing to this modest iteration of the Big Chill/Return of the Secaucus 7 formula , a pleasing directorial debut for screenwriter Jamie Linden .
Less fun than a funeral .
... an engaging , surprisingly moving piece of work that ultimately makes a far more positive impact than one might 've initially anticipated .
Jamie Linden 's minor-key serio-comedy pulls us in eventually , delivering its share of poignant insights and melancholy reflections , even if it does all feel a tad familiar .



@highlight

A sweet ensemble comedy about a high school reunion , 10 Years is well cast but unfortunately predictable and short on three dimensional characters .