Sometimes , apparently , the old saw about the heart wanting what it wants can apply to seniors precisely the same way it does to the young and foolish .
This German entry benefits from a matter-of-fact approach .
This moral ambivalence is both the movie 's strength and its greatest weakness . In virtually every way , Inge 's behavior is unconscionable .
The heart is a riddle , and Cloud 9 deftly , wittily counts the ways .
The result is a film in which age matters not at all and yet still matters hugely , and in which love is still a dream come true and an absolute mess .
Dresen shows the events with a matter-of-fact clarity and patience , with a lack of editing or obnoxious musical score ; the tone is startlingly quiet .
This German melodrama has its share of problems -LRB- uncertain tone , unsatisfying closure -RRB- , but in its many good moments , it offers a honest portrait of sex among the elderly , which is an almost taboo subject in American movies .
An otherwise routine look at a love triangle is passed with middling success through geriatric and Teutonic filters in this largely improvised drama from veteran German director Andreas Dresen .
Manages to be vital , wrenching and even humorous yet does not deny the omnipresence of mortality .
Mr. Dresen and his actors create an atmosphere of reckless vulnerability that 's immediately compelling and artistically intriguing . We want to explore this relationship further .
Literally and figuratively blows the sheets off the taboo subject of geriatric sexuality .
Brave , provocative and deeply poignant with a raw and heartfelt performance by Ursula Werner . It 's easily one of the most powerfully emotional films of the year .
a sincere , thoughtful tale of the human heart
Unrelated to its misleading title of imaginary bliss is an overriding theme about old age offering no surefire recipe for wisdom , or even for much common sense . How 's that for depressing ?
Seldom has any movie shown so much geriatric sex and full-frontal nudity -LRB- male and female -RRB- . But , thanks to Dresen , it is all done with taste and sensitivity .
Compelling German drama about a 67-year-old seamstress who is not content to wait out the final part of her life `` aging gracefully . ''
Dresen 's intimate , naturalistic style is key to how absorbing and convincing ... are relationships exceptional and rare in a film .
Explores with emotional intelligence an elderly woman 's passionate love affair and the ways it transforms her life .
Cloud 9 delivers a white hot blast of powerful emotions and makes us care about three characters in a direct and violent way
Apart from the ages of the protagonists , Cloud 9 is a standard-issue infidelity story , complete with dialogue like ` I did n't want this , it just happened ! '
This romance is powerful in fits and starts , capturing a golden-ager sensuality that almost never gets screen time -- at least not with this sort of unsentimental candor .
The film comes to feel curiously incomplete , like one long fretful afternoon .
Sexual awakening is n't just for the young anymore .
The film may not be a masterpiece but it is tender , truthful and acted with great sensitivity .
This is a disarmingly tender human drama examining whether the elderly should prioritise lust or loyalty , shared memories or unforeseen adventures .
Poignant , lightly philosophical and beautifully performed .
Cloud 9 is an impressively acted tale which avoids the traps of sentimentality and prurience .
Passion , in this tender , intimate story , is ageless .
The sex scenes are arguably pedantic and even crude , but Cloud 9 is raw human drama , well acted .
A quiet , insinuating film of rare emotional power and dramatic force that I have n't been able to get out of my mind .
A surprisingly poignant experience . You 'll never look at your granddad the same way again .
To its credit Cloud 9 does n't shy away from the physical intimacy experienced by its characters , nor the profound emotions which are unleashed by the extramarital affair .
As an in-your-face way of confronting ageism , it certainly does the trick , although I 'm still feeling a bit queasy having just watched a granny drop her bloomers .
Director Andreas Dresen is so busy breaking taboos that he almost forgets to include a story .
Dresen 's unpatronising focus upon a neglected generation almost contains the air of a radical experiment .
An unexpectedly gripping melodrama that draws you into the heart of a situation where no one emerges unscathed .
A moving , superbly acted drama about the breakdown of a marriage .
... the film 's inability to consistently hold the viewer 's interest ultimately lessens its overall impact .


@highlight

A raw , intimate and emotional insight into romance for the superannuated featuring taboo-breaking insight into the sex-lives of the over 60s .