One of the most unique movies out there .
Just go see it , it 's one of the best movies ever made
This film is clever , visually inventive and funny -- albeit in a rather rude , adolescent way .
The movie is cheerfully gross , surreally funny , and oddly touching . Which is to say , do n't expect it to be in theaters for very long .
Sing along . Swiss Army Man is solidly unpredictable .
If you want your dreams to be weird for the rest of your life , see Swiss Army Man .
Most of this film feels at war with itself , fighting the Sensitive Man trope with a hearty mix of vulgarity and a myopic sense of what women really want .
A powerful digestive system can only get you so far .
A fun and adventurous film that , under its subversive and endearingly geek appearance , hides a lot of feeling and truth . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This debut film is not easy to digest , nor too difficult , but it 's an original proposal . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An unusual tragicomedy that is not for everyone . However , if you look beyond the flatulence , excrement and erections , you will find a very emotional story full of captivating moments . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Viewers who are n't intrinsically opposed to toilet humor may actually find this curiosity pretty funny -- and , thanks to the conviction of its lead actors , sometimes weirdly poignant .
It starts weird , stays weird and is shockingly emotionally resonate most of the time .
The third act dissolves back into emo indulgence . But before then , you may just have found yourself briefly watching in wonderment , only disturbed by the nagging feeling that this is all very wrong .
The authenticity of their performances is augmented by the desolate setting and ingenious soundtrack .
Swiss Army Man is more interesting to think about than to actually watch , but hard to swallow in any case , even as an allegory .
It 's Castaway meets Weekend at Bernie 's .
Farting as self-acceptance . That 's a sentence I never thought I 'd write in a piece of film criticism . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
Swiss Army Man plays like Samuel Beckett Lite , a wobbly , repetitive two-actor journey into the absurd .
Swiss Army Man is a quirky and deliriously fun tale that has wit and beating heart .
Pretty great right up until it very suddenly is n't any good at all .
A film that explores existentialism but in an absurd way . Despite sounding illogical , it has its charm , magic and it 's nostalgic . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A grotesque call to diversity that ends up being just the kind of movie that clung to challenge : a romantic comedy .
An inventive and exuberant film that preserves a great human essence provided by the visceral fear that involves loneliness , abandonment and death . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A movie that did n't captivate me . Its eschatological humor seems immature to me . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A creative film , full of spectacular details and memorable performances . A film so unusual that it 's better not to miss it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that manages to convey a sense of nostalgia and connection thanks to the chemistry between Dano and Radcliffe , and to its quiet soundtrack . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Daniel Radcliffe and Paul Dano deliver , in Swiss Army Man , a work that should not be discussed , it must be seen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A rather mediocre movie and in more ways than one . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Swiss Army Man may have a few lulls throughout its intriguing tale , but its unusual premise and compelling characters make for a film that you ca n't help but stick with , even if it 's just for the fact that you simply ca n't believe what you 're seeing .
Wildly entertaining if you can put up with the relentless farting - Paul Dano bangs out a charming performance as a desperate , maybe delusional , man trying to get off the purgatory of an island he 's stuck on .
If movies are vivid and wholly constructed fantasies , then movies about vivid and wholly constructed fantasies have a certain purity .
Two fine actors giving full-blooded performances ca n't prevent Swiss Army Man from seeming pretentious and self-indulgent .
You 're never sure what 's going on , but with such strong performances and incredible set design , you 're happy to indulge this delight that does n't take itself too seriously .
Incredible and not in a good way .
Swiss Army Man is n't easily-digestible viewing but sometimes film needs to remind us that it 's an art form as well as an entertainment platform .
The richest wellspring of surprise is Daniel Radcliffe 's performance as Hank 's corpse-companion Manny , combining as it does inspired flesh-and-blood physical comedy with special-effects-enhanced superpowers .
There 's plenty of energy on offer and some visual flair , and everyone 's heart seems to be in the right place . But it 's pretty clear why Dano threw his hat in .
Sure , Daniel Radcliffe 's idiot savant is not an original creation and Paul Dano 's wide-eyed Hank may get a tad wearing in his histrionics , yet this existential parable for our times should not be dismissed , even if it takes a little patience .
Wildly imaginative , emotionally engaging and laugh-out-loud funny , this is given must-see status by Daniel Radcliffe 's extraordinary performance .
Proving that originality can sometimes be overrated , the Sundance-hyped Swiss Army Man is like set of non-existent clothes draped over a big name actor determined to show there 's more to him than the franchise that made him a star .
The film-makers are consistently inventive in ways you ca n't un-see , with images you truly wo n't forget .
You have to hand it to Daniel Radcliffe for being willing to try anything for his art , but playing a fart-powered corpse in Swiss Army Man was perhaps a step too far .
Two men learn about life , love and modern masculinity in a film full of strange sights , bright ideas and a tremendous amount of flatulence .
Dano seems genially crazed with just the right amount of suicidal-existential angst ; Radcliffe manages the not-inconsiderable feat of seeming like a dead dude who 's clung on by fluke to the power of speech .
Dano is gentler than ever , Radcliffe agreeably deranged . Like all good relationships , it 's a compromise . They make a lovely couple .
The premise sounds like an off-Broadway play gone wrong . Far from it - this is extraordinary , vital , and fuelled by great performances .
It 's all so genuinely heartfelt , beautifully inventive and utterly , wildly , original , you 'll find its flaws easy to forgive .
All just a bit ... flatulent .
Kwan and Scheinert find beauty in the revolting , and do so in a unique and heartfelt manner . They 've crafted a charming film about embracing your inner weirdness and learning to trust your instincts that extols the importance of honesty and friendship .
As well as being thoughtful and honest , Swiss Army Man is just a really good time .
-LSB- A -RSB- poignant , meaningful , stunning and intelligent treatise on life , love , loneliness , and yes , letting one rip .
The most philosophically profound movie featuring a flatulent corpse yet made .
Its overt absurdity keeps it at arm 's length , making it an affable curiosity more than a close friend .
An oddly joyous celebration of the power of friendship and the importance of being open to human connection .
... a wonderfully heartfelt meditation on what it means to become human and how we ought to cherish our sentient moments . It becomes a movie about what it means to have free will . It becomes beautiful .
With excellent performances from Paul Dano and Daniel Radcliffe , this is a rare American film that ponders big existential questions while also managing to deliver big laughs .
Corpse gives life to ` Swiss Army Man . '
-LSB- Kwan and Scheinert actually have something to say about relationships , love , family and friendship that is really rather divine and thought-provoking , allowing Hank 's journey to salvation to take on a spiritual quality that 's shockingly personal .
One of the most enjoyably bizarre , confounding and visually inspired movie-watching experiences .
As the film tries to juggle conflicting tones , the premise ca n't sustain itself at feature length .
Just how the filmmakers extracted a fully functional movie from such a broken premise is just one of several minor miracles performed here .
They say there are only six kinds of stories . Well , they finally found a seventh .
Certainly unusual , but its inventive absurdism eventually gives way to a sentimental message that is no less trite for being delivered by a hero who may be insane : ` Life is short , and no one should ride the bus alone . '
It 's really not since Spike Jonze 's Her that I 've seen a film that so profoundly gets loneliness , longing and love .
Who knew a movie that devoted a lot of time to the bowel movements of the deceased could be so profound ?
A lonely island recluse is given a new lease on life in this macabre buddy movie .
You can laugh , wince , and squirm at Swiss Army Man . You can harvest the small truths , enjoy the lyrical moments ... And when somebody asks you if you 've seen any good movies lately , boy , will you have an interesting answer .
... a singularly conceived and executed piece of work .
A touching , albeit thinly sketched , relationship drama about two people dead to the world but alive in their hearts learning to let go of their personal hangups .
It 's ingenious stuff but it also becomes fairly tedious after a while .
Bridging the gap between Charlie Kaufman movies
I do n't remember when I 've hated a movie 's protagonists more . When they were attacked by a bear , I rooted for the bear -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
A flatulent comedy .
Most memorable not as a tale of madness and male dynamic , but as a pootsa-powered essay arguing against the distinction between high and low art .
Inspired ? Absurd ? Silly ? Genius ? Surreal ? Fake ? Well , in short , unique
It 's playful , original and calculatedly provocative . On the downside , it 's also dramatically heavy-handed , especially in its third act .
This movie is every bit as whimsical as -LSB- Jonze and Gondry 's -RSB- work but lacks the minimal plotting and strong intellectual component that gives their flights of fancy shape and substance .
There are moments , especially towards the end , when Hank 's behaviour comes across , to my eye at least , as a moving examination of mental illness , of isolation in the ordinary world . . I could have done with more of that , and less of a farting corpse .
A highly inventive , deliciously refreshing and even poignant film .
The wonderment of Hank 's journey , his universal human condition and questions of his mental health ground the film , and the Daniels have tapped into something original and moving .
Radcliffe is next-level-good -LSB- as Manny -RSB- , suggesting a talent that 's barely been tapped into ; an actor that we 'll be watching for decades to come .
By the end , having failed in its attempt at cleverness , the movie veers into sentiment , the inevitable last resort . The movie fails at that , too .
... charms and surprises in equal measure .
There are about three amazing minutes in this film . The fact that they are almost entirely given away in the trailer is not only annoying , it 's perverse .
This film is such a gem and more proof on why studios should be green-lighting more original ideas .
A strange , fart-filled , absurdist fantasy that 's as bizarrely provocative as ` The Lobster , ' yet not as engrossing ... .
Basically a dude-bro movie about a stunted man-boy with both a penchant for scatological situations and a firm belief that harassing uninterested women is his God-given right as an American male . So how is this different from every third movie out there ?
If you stick with it , there 's a chance it 'll grow on you as it grew on me - and you 'll be rewarded with maybe the best ending of any movie so far this year .
You either go with this film or you do n't . I tried , folks . I tried really hard . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content , Profanity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
It 's a creative endeavor , no doubt , and Dano and Radcliffe are heroic in their commitment to the cause . But `` Swiss Army Man '' stumbles to a conclusion , and no amount of farting can stabilize it to satisfaction .
Here 's one of those rare instances in which it 's not hyperbole to state that you probably have never seen a movie like this one .
Swiss Army Man is a gas , but I realize that this creative comedy wo n't pass everyone 's smell test .
This startlingly silly venture runs out of gas long before it 's over .
You 've never seen anything else quite like it . How many times do we get to say that ?
Paul Dano , as a nerdy outcast , and particularly Daniel Radcliffe , as a flatulent corpse , of all things , carry this weird , wacky and , just occasionally , wonderful trip .
Loneliness , arrested development and the slow disintegration of the imagination are all topics of interest to the directors , but they approach each with only a cool level of ironic detachment that becomes unbearable after 90 minutes .
`` Swiss Army Man '' leaves an impression , but ca n't complete its job . Like Manny , it 's full of hot air .
A movie about the safe haven of imagination , about loneliness and despair and resilience , about obsession and , um , stalking .
This is a work to experience and lavish over in all its gloriously eccentric singularity . `` Swiss Army Man '' is delirious , thoughtful and , most of all , one of a kind .
Dano and Radcliffe 's performances are an absolute delight .
Kwan and Scheinert ca n't quite sustain the invention and energy all the way to the end , but most of Swiss Army Man is dazzlingly warped stuff .
The surreal comedy Swiss Army Man is unlike anything else in theaters today -- and not just because Daniel Radcliffe plays a flatulent corpse .
Fantastical , offbeat and far-out are not necessarily a good or bad thing . Daniels have proven that they can think outside the box -- and that 's a great thing .
While it is very well constructed and photographed , that does n't necessarily make it 100 % entertaining .
It will come across as absurd and ridiculous to some , and deep and meaningful to others .
The presence of the gassy corpse often provides comic relief if the proceedings become too existential or contemplative .
It 's impossible not to get caught up in it , even if you 're simultaneously repelled by it .
Swiss Army Man is rude , crude , bizarre and oddly touching .
The elevator pitch might be Weekend at Bernie 's II meets Cast Away , but even that does n't capture the fine gradations of acting -LRB- play dead ! -RRB- , the wondrous , mostly a cappella score ... or the whimsical/surrealist vibe .
There wo n't be much middle ground . You 'll either be moved and swept away by it like I was or despise it and spend the drive home plotting against whomever recommended it to you .
The blockbuster sequels and remakes may be dominating the multiplexes like in every June , but there are original stories to see if you look for them , and this one may well be the best one right now .
` Swiss Army Man ' is a feature you should take on faith . Simply ride it like an unusual excursion at sea .
For all its body-centric gags , the movie sneaks up on you , offering the chance to examine the way we live instead of wandering around on autopilot .
If you ca n't remember the title for this film at the box office , ask for `` the farting corpse movie . '' Or , if offbeat bad taste is n't your must-see , take my advice and skip the hot mess altogether .
This is frustrating `` Swiss Army Man '' debuts a unique creative sensibility that its makers are unable to sustain . It 's also exhilarating They 're just getting started .
A neo-Dadaist confection that muses on the meaning of life through absurdism and a deliberate effort to shock , raised beyond a juvenile premise by the commitment of two remarkable young actors .
Some of Swiss Army Man sings with invention and insight . Other parts squawk , particularly when scenes play out longer than their effectiveness allows .
The film is neither a completely satisfying comedy nor drama -- it 's a Swiss Army knife that 's short a few utilities to be absolutely necessary . Nevertheless , this is a film that will probably remain unforgettable .
If you 've been looking for a film that puts a daringly surreal spin on `` Cast Away , '' you 'll be in paradise .
`` Swiss Army Man '' is crazy , magical , absurd , funny , sad , creepy - all that and probably more .
Sometimes hilarious , ultimately poignant , `` Swiss Army Man '' is a picture like no other .
The transition from slapstick humor to wide-eyed wonder -LRB- and back again -RRB- is clumsy , and none of the movie 's emotional epiphanies feel earned .
A lot of talented people went all in on this movie , including Dano and Radcliffe , as well as the inventive scene designers and whoever did Radcliffe 's makeup . They committed to the Daniels ' ridiculous junior-high-school concept .
While Dano is terrific -- he always is , really -- it 'd be unfair to write off what Radcliffe does as just a stunt .
Swiss Army Man is surrealist like Calvin & Hobbes is .
It seems incredible -LSB- Dano and Radcliffe -RSB- were able to do this all with a straight face , but the fact that they did is what helps it work so well .
It 's like outtakes from a failed project by M. Night Shyamalan or Mel Brooks .
For a movie that makes the campfire scene in Blazing Saddles seem restrained , there 's a surprising -- and satisfying -- level of emotion at work here .
Excruciating and only for film aficionado masochists .
References to Jurassic Park , E. T. and Superman do n't elevate the conceit of life after death after death to resonant cultural myth , or deliver on its incessant nattering about masculine insecurity .
A dark existential comedy of dizzying originality , and not much point .
Dano and Radcliffe make for interesting casting , if not watching .
Every bit as weird and wonderful as you want a feature-length fart joke to be .
Back on planet Earth , we 're still talking about a ridiculously infantile film , one that flatters itself by intimating a deeper comment about suppressed masculinity and romantic passivity . Nope .
Swiss Army Man opens as a desert-island fantasy and morphs into a disturbingly intimate buddy movie-hilarious , deranged , and always alive with possibility .
Swiss Army Man is a well-acted , disgusting , poignant filmic oddity that will be too strange for the squeamish and an absolute treasure for intrepid , open-minded moviegoers .
Even the most outrageous , self-consciously broad touches , such as the numerous fart jokes , have the crystalline feeling of situations you might encounter in a dream .
Slightly unsettling , but ultimately weird and wonderful .
When I first saw it at its Sundance premiere , I wrote it off as sublimely stupid . The second time , I realized it was stupidly sublime .
The problem is we already all know that when you grow up your heart dies , and lines like , `` No one deserves to ride the bus alone , '' are more likely to provoke laughter than tears of empathy .
At once a soft-center story of friendship and a gross-out comedy that spins bodily mortifications as pure magic .
Swiss Army Man hints at something deeper that it does n't quite reach .
Dano , as a dude who washes up on a desert island , and Radcliffe , as a farting corpse , go their own nutter way . This is such a baller of a movie that you keep wishing it would be better than it is .
Even with all the design-rich invention and admirably committed weirdness on display in `` Swiss Army Man , '' we 're still in the land of immature males , poor-me feelings and superpowers .
Radcliffe is to be commended for pulling off a physically demanding role with a sly sense of humor ... but `` Swiss Army Man '' is the germ of a good idea trampled by Daniels whose love of fart jokes is an overused gimmick that swamps their story .
Swiss Army Man has an infectiously deadpan tone and both actors are exceptionally good at humanizing even the most out there situations .
`` Swiss Army Man '' nearly makes up with juvenile glee what it lacks in plot and coherence .
A hot , strange mess that never quite comes together the way it should .
Despite all its profound ambitions , this tasteless and painfully male-centric comedy insists cyber-stalking is romantic and farts are magical .
Impossible to categorize , this stunningly original mix of the macabre and the magical combines comedy , tragedy , fantasy and love story into an utterly singular package that 's beholden to no rules but its own .
Swiss Army Man benefits immensely from the involvement of its two stars , both of whom fully commit to this gonzo scenario .
Swiss Army Man is a work that feels positively lawless . Witness with amazement what bizarrely heartfelt splendors its creators will come up with next .
The story is one-note and the movie is about 75 minutes too long .
A wild ride , often as bumpy as the one Hank takes while astride a farting Manny skipping across the ocean like a hurled rock . But it 's going somewhere .
Even as it invites snarky ridicule , Swiss Army Man dares you to buy into its singular earnestness .
Swiss Army Man is a love letter to weirdos ... You 'll either be repulsed and walk out , or stand up and cheer , freak flag waving proudly .
This excruciatingly cute fantasy , identified since its Sundance première as the `` farting corpse movie , '' lives up to that epithet .
Needless to say Swiss Army Man is n't going to be for everyone .
Its actors deserve some sort of prize for bravery ; perhaps a free week of career counselling ? But half an hour in , you ca n't help but notice that something here smells very , very bad .
The film 's contrived quirkiness grows wearisome , and essentially the movie is really just two guys talking in the wilderness for 90 minutes .
Buoyed by two committed performances , excellent sound design and a total lack of concern for discerning between the real and the illusive , this is a film to take away from the cinema with you . What you do with it after that , however , who knows .
Funny , sweet , and wholly unique , Swiss Army Man is an insane strange bird of a film that is not to be missed .
An inventive , wild piece of filmmaking that one will either be sold on by the premise or turn away quickly .
A suicidal man discovers a dead corpse who ca n't stop farting . What follows is one of the most inventive , absurd , and fascinating films you will ever see .
Like an arthouse WEEKEND AT BERNIE 'S . Divisive but creative .
If you can manage to say something profound about the way we hide ourselves from others because of the things that make us uncomfortable , and do so while parading fart and boner jokes , you 've got something special going on .
Surreal , sweet and frequently head-shaking .
A deeply compelling viewing experience that is both well-shot and well-acted
Even the most die-hard Harry Potter fan may turn up their noses at the smell of Swiss Army Man .
While wildly creative and refreshingly subversive , I ca n't really say that Swiss Army Man as a whole works , or even if I liked it .
To evoke the complexity of the sadness that was already entrenched underneath most of the humor , the film relies heavily on montages , ham-fisted explanations and a few very misguided dramatic choices .
Radcliffe 's floppy , infantile work is up there with Jim Carrey 's contortions ... There 's never been a movie this brainless with so much on its mind .
Frenzied , kinetic filmmaking is hit or miss , but The Daniels are showcasing their talents as opposed to showing off .
This is what I love movies for . When I hear an outrageous , bizarre idea , I want to see how that director pulls it off . If you feel the Daniels did n't , then that 's fair but the premise alone should n't be a turnoff .
Original , ambitious , absurd , honest and unexpectedly beautiful .
An inventively dizzying concoction of farts and feelings . Seriously .
The CITIZEN KANE of fart joke movies
Has one heck of a fart machine .
Pair these nutty directors with a screenwriter who actually understands storytelling and structure , and you get something interesting .
This particular weirdness tumbles into juvenile relationship riffs and goofy setpieces , leaving any real grasp of ideas out of reach , as if it is jetting away on a fart-driven corpse .
It 's coarse and it 's stupid , but it is , thanks mostly the two good performances and some stylish use of music and editing , a little bit moving .
By turns , enchanting , irritating , juvenile and yet oddly endearing ...
This movie wears its weirdness as a badge of honor - as well it should .

@highlight

Disarmingly odd and thoroughly well-acted , Swiss Army Man offers adventurous viewers an experience as rewarding as it is impossible to categorize .