Margin Call effectively portrays these masters of the universe as flawed folk who were just as ill-informed , unaware and ultimately scared of losing it all as the general public .
The movie is about gamesmanship and ruthlessness and what it takes to find room at the top . And stay there .
... digs into the how and why of the market crash , not just in terms of economics but in the culture of Wall Street and the justifications that individuals tell themselves in order to follow the company line .
Margin Call is Wall Street for now . That a sexy Gordon Gekko-type villain is no longer anywhere to be found shows just how much worse things really are today .
A well-told and credible look at the economic collapse from the perspective of one company 's employees .
Gets the little details right , the way everyone is one bad week away from being homeless , the way you can have a conversation with a colleague with the cleaning lady standing in between you and no one will ever even acknowledge that she 's there .
A Wall Street version of ` Glengarry Glen Ross ' in which the weak are whisked aside and the alpha dogs stick around long enough to fill their pockets with millions of other people 's money .
In Margin Call , first time writer-director JC Chandor creates a humanizing insight into the lives of the bankers who discovered the fall of the economy .
Maybe the financial collapse went down something like this ...
Wily humor and sly observations about the lives of these high rollers are the highlights ... It 's when those give way to issues of morality that the film disappoints , just a little ...
At times , the film becomes just a series of static , over-determined conversations held in lofty offices and gleaming toilets .
Margin Call ca n't beat the street , missing the mark in a major way given the massive expectations .
Es casi imposible identificarse con alguno de los personajes . Y el director y guionista lo sabe , por eso dota a su ópera prima de una tensión propia de un thriller , y de una mirada cínica y desencantada .
This is Chandor 's triumph , and marks him out as someone to keep an eye on in the future .
Margin Call 's a tightly scripted , intensely acted , skillfully directed , character piece that illuminates the depths of moral and ethical corruption at the epicentre of western capitalist society .
Intelligently written and brilliantly portrayed , Margin Call delves into the belly of the beast where consequence is given no conscious and the line between good vs evil is blurred amongst a sea of numbers .
Taut Wall Street drama takes an inside look at financial and human meltdown .
With a script void of shouting matches and preachy monologues , J.C. Chandor makes the brave decision not to demonise these characters .
-LSB- It -RSB- gives us villains that , rather than being sympathetic , are well-argued and reasonable . It gives us heroes that , whilst idealistic , make immoral choices for their own betterment . Margin Call is complex , fury-inspiring , and thoughtful .
What makes it engaging is that the Oscar nominated screenplay explores the people who make the decisions from a moral point of view . And finds them wanting .
It 's a fascinating film that reveals much about its characters and provides food for thought for all of us who live in a capitalist society . Greed may be good for the avaricious but it 's sure as hell ugly when it comes at any cost
Smart , sharp and dark , J C Chandor 's ensemble drama - eliciting defined , defiant performances from an A-grade cast - summons the spirit of David Mamet 's Glengarry Glen Ross .
Chandor underplays the human drama and the anonymity of the Wall Street office building so much it risks slipping into doldrums , but the stakes are too great and the actors too sharp to let that happen .
Strong acting props up this emotionless process film . It is like something David Mamet would make , slick and clever , but lacking in real feeling or drama .
A commendably sober and even handed drama , that gives the much loathed bankers human faces -LRB- tethered to animal metaphors , notably fat cats and dead dogs -RRB- , while noting the culture of profligacy and flippancy within which they operate .
Margin Call takes what could have been a complex and boring subject and serves it up as gripping entertainment .
With the employment market such as it is , it 's remarkable how ` of its time ' Margin Call feels .
It 's a smart , entertaining film , and an impressive debut from the director .
Greed is n't merely good here , it 's God ; and He 's about to smite His acolytes with blazing Old Testament relish .
A solid and serviceable financial thriller , shot in the washed out palate of currently trendy Scandinavian film and TV and with echoes of All The President 's Men .
This is thriller , horror story and human drama in one .
It feels a little stagey , but this is the film Wall Street 2 should have been .
A shrewd and confident drama .
It has intelligence and dry wit , but also a sly wink of designer trashiness .
The claustrophobic , VDU-illuminated isolationism of the financial services industry is cleverly implied , as the central disaster is humanised by individual ones ...
Fine acting and sense of purpose , if occasionally a little too equivocal .
Like The Social Network it grippingly dramatizes a dry , seemingly impenetrable subject that has huge implications for the way we live .
Margin Call is a compelling human drama that is n't just about numbers .
It 's a slick , well-made film about a catastrophic set of events that were catastrophic to everybody but those who actually caused them .
Impressively directed and superbly acted , this is a surprisingly engaging , frequently tense and ultimately depressing drama that would play well alongside financial crisis documentary The Inside Job .
Chandor proffers a cross-section of a Lehman Brothers-esque company as the realisation dawns that sub-prime speculation has brought the market to an ominous tipping point .
A gripping , sophisticated , adrenaline-fuelled attempt at humanising today 's folk devil , the banker ...
Chock-full of terrific performances , Margin Call is the kind of gripping , grown-up film that these days is usually found on the small screen .
Margin Call is the best fictional treatment of the current economic crisis .
J.C. Chandor makes his feature writing and directing debut here , and it 's a very strong effort , suggesting a huge talent on the rise .
Solid performances and an accessible script make it resonate .
A film like this -- with a large cast and a big subject -- needs a clear , concise vision , a strong hand , and Margin Call just does n't have it .
All of those on either side of the greed equation will admire director/writer J.C. Chandor 's taut tale of Wall Street brokers at their worst .
Chandor presents these characters not as indifferent masters of the universe , nor as vampires , but as people - and his film is the stronger for it .
Chandor is more interested in the banality of greed and opportunism and the ease in which principled employees are swayed to engage in unprincipled acts .
In what could arguably be called - sadly - a season of consumerism comes `` Margin Call , '' a realistic , dialogue-driven drama about the unraveling of an investment bank within 24 hours .
A riveting drama that puts Oliver Stone 's latest Wall Street movie and the HBO `` Too Big to Fail '' to shame .
The entertainment value is high .
Carefully crafted performances and taut pacing carry the day .
Ultimately romanticizes the traders it pretends only to humanize , and validates the enterprise it is attempting to scold .
Imagine Inside Job adapted for the screen by David Mamet and you 've got the general idea .
The protection of the individual at the sake of our society always kills me . But , what are you going to do ? Throw money at it . No really , throw some money at ` Margin Call , ' it 's worth it .
Humanizes the cause of the current recession
Margin Call seems remarkably fresh -LRB- it 's not as if the economy has bounced back since ' 08 -RRB- . And the morality play in a milieu not associated with morals makes for cool dramatics .
Topical drama about the financial crisis lacks the visceral punch to grab an audience .
A methodical , coolly absorbing boardroom thriller .
Kevin Spacey is flat-out brilliant as a company lifer in the awful position of knowing what 's coming but being powerless to stop it .
Spacey is mesmerizing as Sam , a weary , aging lion losing his appetite for antelope . And Irons plays the villain with magisterial ease .
It 's a realistic take on what happens when high-flying money speculators suddenly hit ground . It 's also a great calling card for J.C. Chandor , the writer/director making his feature debut .
So well made it 's hard to believe it 's J.C. Chandor 's first feature film .
We all know how it plays out , but that makes it no less compelling and maddening .
Part truth and part fiction , this yarn of financial meltdown in the executive boardroom is great entertainment from start to finish .
Margin Call opts to show us that there are no heroes and villains , only villains and victims and poor souls weighing the merits of a Faustian bargain .
Hour by hour over this 24 hour period , the tension builds as to who will give in to what ethical lapses and how each will face the future .
That Chandor manages to find the blood in each character is accomplishment enough ; that he manages to make his drama both relevant and timeless portends a bright future indeed .
Margin Call is the movie Oliver Stone tried to make with Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps , only a lot less flashy and melodramatic -- and sharper , smarter and with a much stronger cast .
With a cast as stellar as this , even the most banal striations of greed and fiscal amorality become readily evident .
Low-key and plodding , it 's at least earnestly acted ...
-LRB- Margin Call -RRB- has the makings of a fine , fascinating experience . Unfortunately , it never finds a way to be wholly compelling .
A terrific piece of entertainment .
Chandor keeps Margin Call visually and emotionally fluid , staging the entire ordeal like an escalating disaster in which fiscal , rather than physical , violence is the looming threat
Margin Call carries itself like an important movie , which it is n't . Neither is it pulpish enough to be considered entertaining , which it could be . Where 's Oliver Stone when you need him ?
An absolutely fine thriller with its brain firmly intact .
As pure drama , without reference to the wider moral issues it skirts , it 's compelling structured and played by an expert ensemble working at the top of their game .
Given the assist of a most impressive ensemble cast , Margin Call is a fascinating and nimble little movie that walks us through the first 24 hours of a financial crisis .
Margin Call puts human faces behind the masks of Big Business . It is a bit static , but its dialogue and performances are electric . Margin Call is a plaintive cry in the night of the soul .
Margin Call is one of the strongest American films of the year and easily the best Wall Street movie ever made .
Margin Call 's rigorously modulated tone , while it gives the actors time to breathe , also gives the audience more than enough time to lose interest .
Buoyed by a strong cast and a smart script , Margin Call raises vital ethical questions about the intersection of `` doing what 's right '' and `` making a lot of money . ''
Benefits hugely from sophisticated plotting and dialogue .
` Margin Call ' a good investment .
The actors make the material interesting , even if you do n't always understand what they 're talking about .
If only the movie 's cast of ordinary working stiffs were n't quite so bland and , frankly , dull .
Some of the dialogue 's a little too on the nose , but it 's a really compelling story .
Margin Call manages to put a human face on the current economic crisis-but I wish it was as good as its trailer , which is forceful , well-edited , and dramatically scored ...
Chandor 's film is not a tale of the plots and counterplots of conniving bankers . It is a disaster movie , in which even the Masters of the Universe are running for their lives .
Writer-director J.C. Chandor then plunges us into a dark night of quietly nasty reckoning as it becomes clear to the firm 's honchos that the calamitous risk assessments one of their own was working on might well be true .
This may be the first post-2008 feature film to dramatize the crisis itself , rather than using it as a backdrop for an outraged harangue against the banks .
The real strength of ' -LSB- Chandor 's -RSB- debut feature is how persuasively it depicts the fishbowl world of high finance , whose executives seem incapable of seeing past their towering salaries and privileged lives .
It 's all fairly entertaining but also confusing for anybody who does n't get the Wall Street lingo .
`` Margin Call '' is a terrific film no matter what side of the police line the viewer is on , with a fantastic cast and sharp and smart writing that attempts to explain what went wrong without getting bogged down in details .
The project feels constricted , more suited to cable TV than the big screen . Summing it up : these days , we need more than small change .
Do not expect mayhem , shootouts or high speed chases but do expect a corporate thriller that shows how our lives have been impacted by the inmates running our financial institutions .
It 's a tightly enclosed movie . All the better to make the characters -LRB- and you -RRB- feel trapped like rats .
The only thing I wrestled with was `` Do I care ? ''
It sees its characters not as villains but , simply , as business people - with all that means .
A smart , harrowing and mordant drama set inside a fictional Wall Street firm at the trip-wire moment just before the 2008 financial collapse .
Though fictionalized and understated , `` Margin Call '' effectively voices the same outrage that the Occupy Wall Street movement is so loudly proclaiming .
How good is J.C. Chandor 's debut ? So good I was ready to buy what he was selling even though I did n't entirely understand it .
As an attempt to humanize the disaster , it 's successful , bolstered by an outstanding cast able to communicate the gut-rot squeeze of fraud and the sickening launch of its permanent impact .
Chandor keeps enough of the real story to keep things vivid and meaningful but does not get mired in jargon .
a lesson in market dissolution
The credits are the most fascinating part of `` Margin Call . ''
A taut , smart and remarkably timely thriller ...
... a neat little morality play about the few whose actions caused the collapse of millions .
It opens with a bloodbath , builds to an apocalypse and ends with a gravedigger doggedly excavating the earth . By the time the story is told , the blood -- sorry , red ink -- is surging down long corridors like a tidal wave .
Margin Call might have lost me completely if it were n't for Spacey , who delivers his meatiest , most nuanced work in years .
Chilling and enjoyable in unequal measure . Entertainment predominates , but entertainment with smarts , and a well-honed edge .
Margin Call is rife with smart , sharp performances .
If you really look at `` Margin Call '' you can see Chandor making important criticism in small and subtle ways ...
`` Margin Call '' takes ripped-from-the-headlines events and dramatizes them for all they 're worth . Which turns out to be quite a lot .
The severe imbalance between argot and emotion makes it impossible to care much about most of what we see .
Margin Call is an explosive drama that speaks lucidly and scarily to the times we live in .
There are a lot of sharp performances here , a chief pleasure of the film .
... a series of increasingly alarmed faces looking at papers and computer screens .
Chandor 's impressive debut film does indeed capture its cast of high-powered bankers as human beings , and features one of Kevin Spacey 's best screen performances as the firm 's middle-aged ace salesman .
Margin Call might not always be perfect , but it does a nearly perfect job of painting a Shakespearean portrait of both a financial and human crisis . Let 's hope we can learn from it .
A tense but contemplative exploration of being on the other side of one of those mirrored skyscraper windows , of being in a precarious place of privilege , power and , most important of all , carefully guarded remove .
It is a tale of greed , vanity , myopia and expediency that is all the more damning for its refusal to moralize .
You would n't think an office-set financial story could be labeled a thriller , but this certainly earns the classification . The pace is swift and the piece tense from beginning to end .
Within the artful fluctuations of heroism and villainy , Spacey stands out with a performance that evokes memories of `` Glengarry Glen Ross . ''
Pulses with understated professional restraint ... centered on the quiet arrogance that allowed large institutions to shoot themselves somewhere more painful than the foot .
This is a form of business kabuki where everyone knows all the moves ahead of time and must strictly follow form . But his cast is strong enough to convey the turmoil beneath .
`` Margin Call '' is on the facile side , but it 's well-crafted and smartly acted .
Chandor writes monologues for seemingly every member of the ensemble , which gets a bit wearying , but is also how I 'm guessing he attracted this stellar cast .
-LSB- It -RSB- brings this dangerous numbers game back to the trading-floor desktops and mahogany-covered conference tables where it belongs .
`` Margin Call '' employs an excellent cast who can make financial talk into compelling dialogue .
It captures how our financial institutions became secret havens to a selfishness so undiluted it was sociopathic . You watch this drama of big money with a tingle of toxic fascination .
As a movie , it 's so tightly framed you gasp from claustrophobia . As a film of cryptic boredom , I can not believe the actors were able to say their lines without cue cards .
Highlighted by terrific performances by Spacey , Irons , and Baker , this film brings out the basic tartuffery of sellers of financial instruments without explaining anything .
Paints a portrait of a world where money equals status and ambition is a currency of its own .
Margin Call may not be telling things exactly as they were , but it 's close enough to provide an uncomfortable glimpse behind the curtain . And it 's an engrossing `` thinking '' thriller as well .
A 24-hour meltdown of meetings and dark-night-of-the-soul speeches that would have been better suited to the stage .
Escalation is the main thing Margin Call has going for it , as more substantial actors are trotted out to have their way with Chandor 's realistic-sounding boardroom dialogue .
Chandor 's debut feature audaciously asks us to empathize with obscenely overpaid risk analysts and their bosses , a gambit that fails ... largely because his characters are little more than mouthpieces for blunt speechifying and Mamet-like outbursts
The atmosphere is evocative and the story reasonably tense , but the movie as a whole is surprisingly dry ...
Spacey does some of the best work we 've seen from him in a while as a once-confident man who 's now questioning everything upon which he built his cushy life .
Timely , topical and intriguing - with a release as fortuitous as ` The China Syndrome ' was to Three Mile Island .
An investment firm facing extinction in the 2008 fiscal crisis has less than a day to navigate its inevitable crash . Writer-director J.C. Chandor 's debut feature is as powerful as it is topical .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- That Chandor tells the story without demonizing the criminals whose heads have yet to role is the film 's double-edged sword .
A hell of a picture . And shrewd .
Chandor knows his stock market and brokerage houses but the staging and reliance on unending dialogue `` scenes '' cries out stage play .
Though stagey , the film incisively explores a crisis in a financial house .
What could have been a dynamic narrative instead ends up as baffling and quite often as boring as an Economy 101 textbook .
Avoids fantasyland boardroom heroism while lucidly assessing the indomitable persistence of unchecked greed .
Drama about a long day 's journey into night and catastrophe in 2008 as high-ranking members of a prosperous financial firm deal with its imminent collapse .
Chandor makes good use of his acting assets and there 's no doubt that he knows how to direct , but ultimately , the dullness of the script is just a little too toxic .
Chandor 's script fuels intensity by packing the drama into a tight window .
The film WALL STREET : MONEY NEVER SLEEPS should have been .
There have been better movies set in the financial world , but for a rather contained ensemble drama , it generally works , though it 's no Inside Job
Basically , one company messed up their formula , so they sold all their assets knowing the value would quickly decline and the buyers would be left with worthless investments . That 's why I always say do n't invest .



@highlight

Smart , tightly wound , and solidly acted , Margin Call turns the convoluted financial meltdown of '08 into gripping , thought-provoking drama .