Unfortunately , when you 're dealing with Carrey doing a fake Polish accent and NOT trying to be funny , this is something of a mission impossible .
The erstwhile Ace Ventura broods like you 've never seen before , delivering a performance unlike anything he has ever done . Which is n't to say it 's a good one .
The film 's pace never deviates from its hushed , deliberate , anticipatory gaze - it 's stuck in thriller-foreplay mode .
This dreary thriller is a real downer . But Jim Carrey proves again that he can do drama as well as comedy .
Carrey commits one hundred and ten percent , fluctuating accent notwithstanding . It 's only a matter of time before his newfound artistic intensity will be matched to suitable material to create something special .
And to close with a weekend full of choices , `` Dark Crimes '' ... a Polish film with misogynistic scenes , explicit sex and an unforeseen level of abjection . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The biggest rap on `` Dark Crimes '' is the pacing . The cadence is mind-numbing .
The procedural storyline does n't provide much suspense , nor offer sufficient rationale for emotional investment .
The screenplay teeters between depraved and confusing -LRB- `` Truth is what you make it . Reality is perception . '' -RRB- Say what ?
Source material with great dramatic potential . Talented director and screenwriter . Intriguing cast . That 's a promising menu - but the end product leaves a sour taste .
Exploitative Carrey thriller has lots of sexual violence .
`` Dark Crimes '' has Carrey , who seems like he 's auditioning for an HBO procedural , but the rest of the movie is motionless when it is n't baffling .
-LSB- W -RSB- e 're trying to figure out basic things , like who these characters are , what they 're doing ... and why we 're watching something so lifeless .
That this exercise in vulgarity was made at all is shameful .
Dark Crimes is dank and dreary and no fun ...
A lurid , boring mess .
-LSB- S -RSB- tumbles at every turn .
A good story gets stuck in a puddle of mood in `` Dark Crimes , '' a film that strays from its fascinating source - a real-life murder case - into a less successful attempt at noir .
Carrey 's quietly exacting , uncharacteristic performance , though not qualifying as a saving grace , hints at some promising new career directions in the same manner Robin Williams successfully tapped a darker side with `` One Hour Photo . ''
A few words should be said about Carrey 's performance : It may be the worst dramatic acting of his career , a charmless cartoon of self-repression .
While Jim Carrey delivers a grimly serious performance , the film itself is exploitative , inept and often incoherent .
The cast is game , the production design is impressive and a few surprises await - but even as things heat up , the film somehow remains cold .
There 's a lot of sexual violence in the film , but it scans as unimaginatively repulsive , as well as blatantly misogynistic .
A movie that is not just muddled in the conventional ways but down to its core .
There is nearly nothing subtle about Dark Crimes . Not in its blunt title , nor in its heavy-handed script or flashy , unbalanced performances .
Dark Crimes may be bolstered by Carrey 's nuanced and fascinating performance but the thoroughly unpleasant film feels like it simply wants to punish viewers ...
If it comes to charges being leveled , all those associated with ` Dark Crimes ' should be indicted for the cruel and unusual infliction of tedium .
A dull and lifeless experience that not even the novelty of Jim Carrey wildly against type can save
Glum , degrading and dull exploitation film featuring Jim Carrey as `` the last honest cop in Poland . ''
This common cop-becomes-obsessed dynamic is not new ; it can be seen in just about every episode of Law & Order : Criminal Intent .
The final sequence of the film provides a jump start , but it 's too late to bring it back to life . Dark Crimes is a dreary sort of movie , that lulls you when it should provoke .

@highlight

Dark Crimes is a rote , unpleasant thriller that fails to parlay its compelling true story and a committed Jim Carrey performance into even modest chills .