... 99 Homes is an effective portrait of twenty-first century greed and exploitation .
Writer-director Ramin Bahrani presents the film in an unstylized , utterly human way ...
For all that real estate does n't seem to be a particularly zippy topic , 99 Homes plays out like a moral thriller , with the stakes constantly ratcheting higher and higher .
99 Homes is worth seeing , especially for the urgent , raw work by both the actors and Bahrani , and for what it says about the American economy .
Dynamic and passionate , thrumming with barely suppressed anger , this sleek American indie has the brains of a documentary , the soul of a moral fable and the beating pulse of a thriller .
99 Homes is very good at showing that the housing crisis is not a problem that belongs to one person .
How entertaining could a heavy-handed drama about the 2010 U.S. foreclosure crisis - one with a comically bad climax - possibly be ? Pretty entertaining , it turns out .
Sustained rhythm , urgent framing , and a perniciously overbearing score ensure this second venture into the darkness of a systemic failure will not be forgotten so quickly .
By the way , Shannon -LRB- `` Boardwalk Empire '' -RRB- is brilliant in the role . I truly admire this actor . He is going to win the Oscar some day . His performance in `` 99 Homes '' should have him a nomination .
Shannon 's cold-blooded villain is compelling , too , snarling a string of heartless maxims and giving us a chilling glimpse of American capitalism red in tooth and claw .
Michael Shannon gives an exceptional performance as a real estate broker who is absolutely determined to succeed in a business where most are failing , by any means necessary . This film effectively shows the human tragedy of home foreclosures .
An electric melodrama ... -LSB- with -RSB- Andrew Garfield , in his best role so far , supported by an outstanding supporting cast
A sizzling right-on morality story pleading for justice for the vulnerable workers who lose their homes .
99 Homes is a timely topical drama that packs real punch the deeper it goes into the rabbit hole of lawless capitalization on destroyed lives .
A breathless thriller with expertly shot `` you are there '' camerawork and a rising score , but it also comes from moments of conflict that are pitched at a very high level . Emotions are high , lives are at stake , and something is very , very wrong .
A brutally honest , compelling drama about America 's housing crisis .
a dramatic thriller about predatory capitalism that cuts deep to the economic bone in the way it reminds us how one person 's attaining his dream usually comes at the expense of someone else 's
A powerfully affecting modern tragedy .
It is perhaps the most compelling film yet made about the global economic downturn and the everyday people whose lives it tore apart .
It is smartly , if predictably told , with a flair for capturing moments of heightened emotions regularly involving people we meet only once or twice .
The rackets and scams it exposes are all real , the result of extensive research . It 's a gripping thriller with good guys and bad guys , but everyone in it is a victim , including Rick Carver . Bahrani 's achievement in this film is breathtaking .
The two powerful lead performances in this tough , emotional film are strong recommendations on their own .
99 Homes is n't just about chasing the American dream its titular dwellings represent , after all , but about its destruction .
Worried about how you 're going to pay that next clump of bills ? Then 99 Homes will bring on long and lasting nightmares .
Audiences will no doubt notice the powerful and important role played by the score , from Australian screen composers Antony Partos and Matteo Zingales ; important and remarkably effective
It 's a mesmerizing and disturbing portrait , elevated by two strong performances
Bahrani 's most accomplished film to date .
A hard-hitting morality play about foreclosures , the pursuit of wealth , and the courage it takes to do the right thing .
Serves up the scariest , most watchable film about real estate since Beetlejuice .
It 's powerful , and it 's still timely , but 99 Homes is also obvious and increasingly less compelling as it goes on .
99 Homes passes inspection as an emotional tour of the housing crisis , but as a drama it 's structurally unsound .
Say this for 99 Homes : It contains arguably the most truthful snatch of dialogue to be found in any movie released so far in 2015 .
... a sharp and topical critique of everything from the mortgage industry to the court system , and the struggle for middle-class folks to get a fair shake as their American dream turns into a nightmare .
It 's a fascinating modern morality tale from a smart filmmaker with a clear take on the subject .
99 Homes is exceptional storytelling until the final act .
A solid movie with two terrific lead performances . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Violence , Profanity , etc. - for Parents available -RRB-
The best of `` 99 Homes '' stays with you , as it illustrates a principle one housing-bubble journalist put this way : When the bubble burst , owing money was treated as a worse crime than stealing it .
This harrowing morality play is timely and riveting , but never remotely subtle . The setting is the mortgage crisis , during which savvy fast-talkers figured out how to make a fortune on the back of other people 's tragedy .
Dramatically it 's a deck as stacked as the one that unscrupulous bankers and realtors dealt to the borrowers who lost everything .
A simplistic but stirring morality play centered on the pressure point of the savings-and-loan crisis .
-LSB- Garfield -RSB- the protege is the film 's first weak point : his avowed decency - he loves his simple mom and moppety son ! - is a flimsy thing , and its quick collapse leaves our hero both pathetic and despicable .
`` Inside Job '' could almost be an alternative title for this gripping and timely drama , which makes none of the family 's choices look easy .
A gripping dramatic thriller about the winners and losers in America 's game of mortgage roulette .
Absorbing , entertaining drama with an on-target message ...
A horror story of today 's economy , of America 's heartless culture in which maximizing profit is all . Michael Shannon brings his usual terrifying intensity .
This is a film of palpable anger , a finger on the pulse of modern America crafted by a team of rare ability to awaken outrage .
Bahrani 's film asks a timely , yet timeless , question : How far would you go to save your home ? Would you be wiling to lose yourself in the bargain ?
Director Ramin Bahrani 's ability to reflect the plight of ordinary working Americans when faced with economic issues beyond their control is at the elegant core of 99 Homes .
I wish I could say 99 Homes delivers a shockingly good sucker punch to the American electorate and a stand-up-and-cheer piece of socially conscious filmmaking , but it 's not .
Michael Shannon and Andrew Garfield make for an incendiary combo , as a predatory realtor and his desperate protégé .
Rick 's logic -- take what you can , when you can -- is visible everywhere ... Such visual details do n't so much move the story as they present a dense moral context .
While Bahrani and his co-writers approach the subject matter with all the noisy subtlety of a bar brawl , the film rises above mere polemics thanks to charged performances from Andrew Garfield and especially Michael Shannon .
Shannon renders this all with an enviable ease . If only the filmmakers had been so adroit .
99 Homes combines the insight of documentary filmmaking with a thriller 's urgency , opening our eyes to a complex , real-life tragedy while keeping it entertaining .
Bahrani nails the predicament in which so many working-class folks now find themselves . Although they cling to the American dream , for many of them it has become a nightmare .
Director Ramin Bahrani 's powerful drama puts a human face on the fallout from the 2008 economic meltdown .
With great performances and a surprisingly brisk pace , Bahrani 's thoroughly researched film -- part drama , part expose -- drips with a sense of nowness .
As was the case with so many houses sold before 2008 , 99 Homes presents well , but you soon start to notice the structural defects .
This is a mean movie , with excuses and appeals to decency left to evaporate in the relentless Florida sun .
Bahrani shows the human pain and moral dilemmas behind the stats in riveting ways .
99 Homes is a movie about how we live now , a thriller for grown-ups about everyday life and the social pecking order . Not for the faint of heart , mind you .
Garfield and Shannon are both great , though , and Laura Dern contributes a fine supporting turn as Garfield 's mother . But they can only do so much with that third act .
... a compassionate film and an honest one , proving that all involved are still at the top of their games .
Go ahead and give Michael Shannon the Oscar . He 's created a Gordon Gekko for our times .
Bahrani does an excellent job of taking the conflict and running with it - though simple issues in choices and approach prevent 99 Homes from being great .
The domineering Carver is one of those feverishly intense roles that -LSB- Michael -RSB- Shannon seems genetically engineered to play .
In a nation where we still harp about welfare queens while Fannie May and Freddie Mac get bailed out despite their incompetence , we need films like 99 Homes that remind us who we should really be rooting against .
Shannon is brilliant as the real estate Mephistopheles in miserabalist drama .
99 Homes is a broad take on a specific kind of soulless opportunism .
Bahrani 's latest film , `` 99 Homes , '' an examination of the crisis in bank foreclosures and repossessed homes in the guise of a thriller , is his best yet , largely because of a dynamite performance by co-star Michael Shannon ...
Ramin Bahrani -LRB- `` Goodbye Solo '' -RRB- has an extraordinary gift for making intimate dramas that do more than exemplify complex and murky issues ; they illuminate them .
It 's still an easy recommendation , with director and co-writer Ramin Bahrani delivering a provocative , visceral , sometimes heartbreakingly relevant drama/thriller .
99 Homes is both a peerless entertainment and a cri di coeur against a financial system that preyed on the weakest Americans .
The movie works as a twinned character study , a moral suspense thriller , and an indictment of an America stacked against its working classes .
Bahrani directs 99 Homes with outrage and a sense of urgency .
Director Ramin Bahrani , who wrote the script with Amir Naderi and Bahareh Azimi , spent significant time researching the housing crisis , including witnessing actual evictions , and the episodes he has re-created feel powerfully realistic .
At its best , `` 99 Homes '' finds Bahrani tightening the screws on his own style , going for speed , concision and an agitating rhythm where his previous films took their time . I hope he 'll go on to make movies combining the vital aspects of all his work .
It 's increasingly morally sticky , and Shannon , without having to yell , makes Rick intense and fascinating .
All in all , a highly entertaining and provocative movie .
-LSB- P -RSB- unchy , persuasive combination of fierce polemic and widescreen genre filmmaking
Much of At Any Price and 99 Homes play like bad Arthur Miller .
... a story of one man 's redemption as he slowly loses his integrity and is forced to face that fact and gain it back .
Ordinary people are n't dumb , Bahrani suggests , but the majority are under-educated . If we 're serious about survival , we need to wise up .
`` Do n't get emotional about real estate , '' warns Carver , but that 's exactly what we do as Bahrani and his cast crank up the tension in gut-wrenching fashion .
The film itself ends up feeling more like a soap opera than anything else , but that should n't take away from the performances .
`` 99 Homes '' ca n't live up to it 's early promise ... but it 's still worth seeing for Shannon and Garfield , two of the best actors on the market today .
The film eventually drifts away from the more interesting , complicated , and difficult story of survival and individual choices , towards moralistic judgments on the honesty of the work . Still , `` 99 Homes '' is one of the scariest films you 'll see all year .
Empathetic & socially-conscious , effectively exposing real-estate corruption ...
Acclaimed indie filmmaker Ramin Bahrani , who regularly and bravely focuses on heartbreaking trials of life while keeping his stories rooted in humanity , turns in some of his finest work here .
The credit crunch fuels another fascinating drama , this time starring Andrew Garfield as a victim who becomes a real-estate predator .
99 Homes is the fifth and most sensational feature by Ramin Bahrani 's , a slam-bang morality play in the Wall Street mode set closer to home .
The screenplay -LRB- by Bahrani and fellow film-maker Amir Naderi -RRB- subverts the tropes of the typical self-help story . It portrays a society in which the only opportunities for success are provided by the failures of others .
99 Homes builds to a predictable but smashingly effective climax . Bahrani makes you understand how this poisonous financial ecosystem thrives .
`` 99 Homes '' is a ferocious excavation of the meaning of home , the desperation attached to real estate , the pride of ownership and the stability of belonging . The pace never lets up .
Not so much entertaining as it is enraging , 99 Homes gets in your face with the injustices suffered by countless hardworking people in the global financial crisis .
In these days when Hollywood typically dulls our wits , Ramin Bahrani 's 99 Homes has a fire in its belly . It 's spoiling to be heard .
99 Homes sticks the knife into society 's total disregard for the poor and twists , showing the extreme extents it takes to escape the spiral of poverty .
A gripping and often thrilling account of life in the jaws of America 's sub-prime mortgage crisis .
Shannon steals it , but this is a film with something vital to say .
A relatively small , tough-minded drama about pitiless people doing unprincipled things , proves to be one of the most interesting , elegantly crafted and -- paradoxically , given the dark subject matter -- elating films to come along in recent memory .
If `` 99 Homes '' is a scolding look at a society gone astray , it is also a minor masterpiece of suspense ...
... must this message come via such a bland delivery ?
Writer-director Ramin Bahrani has an ear for how everyday people react when their world is ripped out from under them .
99 Homes is an American drama about house repossession . Bummer , you might think , but here is what you do n't yet know : films about house repossessions can be electrifying . Or at least this one is .
While its righteous rage is bracing , fans of the filmmaker Bahrani used to be will mourn the subtlety and careful character development of his early triumphs .
Like being shouted at by a man with bad breath while he grips your collar with both hands ...
Electrifying , provocative and profoundly moving . Andrew Garfield and Michael Shannon give Oscar-caliber performances .
Shannon as actor and Carver as charismatic scoundrel are winners , and neither needs a government bailout to possess every minute of 99 Homes .
Some plot developments are more convincing than others , but it 's still a compelling drama with an impressive turn from Garfield as well as Shannon and Dern as Garfield 's concerned mother .
Bahrani 's best film yet , maybe because he finally found a way to combine what he did so well with his earlier movies with real actors .
A bravura performance by Shannon , who can use calm as a weapon in the same way he uses volume .
99 Homes is strongest when it captures the anger and desperation of those affected by the recent collapse of the housing market , but the narrative engine is far less propulsive .
Bahrani shows what happens when it becomes more profitable to yoink away the American Dream than it is to encourage people to buy into it . Shannon shows us the toll that that yoinking etches in the face , the mind , the soul .
Gets how the system thrives on the screwed-over reinventing themselves as the ones doing the screwing - how we 're so trained for winning that when we lose we seek to take revenge by becoming winners and creating more losers .
-LSB- Packs -RSB- a powerful emotional wallop , making it a truly effective parable for our times .
Bubbling over with anger at the ever-increasing wealth divide , it 's searing , sensational stuff .
Ramin Bahrani 's talent for orchestrating sequences of tightly wound tension is in full bloom here , as is his complementary knack for quieter grace notes .
-LSB- T -RSB- he film feels far too cut-and-dried , right down to Mike 's booming Speech About America -LRB- which was made , in case you 're wondering , by and for the winners -RRB- .
At first , Ramin Bahrani 's drama feels like it might be slightly preachy , but it soon turns into a gripping drama that succeeds partially thanks to the amazing work from Garfield and Shannon .
Ensemble work is excellent across the board , with those cast as the various evictees contributing a particularly vivid gallery of one-scene performances , ranging in tone from white-hot fury to silent desolation .
What makes this so thrilling as drama is n't simply the fact of Dennis 's corruption but the speed with which it happens .
99 Homes is an exciting and emotionally grandstanding drama about temptation , shame , humiliation and greed .
As it is , Bahrani has still created an urgent work , the burning anger of which will viscerally connect with many viewers , who will recognize themselves or people they know up on the screen .
Yes , there are probably more complex and nuanced ways of tackling this topic , but it 's hugely important that a mainstream drama on this subject exists .
Bahrani 's dismantling of the American dream -- a dream deferred -- has finally reached its finest conclusion with the director 's finely wrought -LRB- and seriously fraught -RRB- 99 Homes .
Well-constructed , courageous and savvy .
99 Homes brings an unbearable subject , excruciatingly close ; Bahrani makes you feel powerless to the machinations of the greedy , perhaps that 's the point .
It 's a fast-moving and angry vehicle , and Shannon is so much nasty fun to watch that it never lost my attention .
Ramin Bahrani continues on his successful journey as a purveyor of excellent and challenging films for the thinking audience .
... perfectly watchable drama that benefits substantially from the stellar efforts of its two stars .
... it 's a solid and well-made drama that avoids its genre 's typical tear-jerking traps and hints at awards-season potential .
A searing , compassionate film set in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis , 99 Homes is one of the finest films about contemporary American life .
`` 99 Homes '' is by no means a perfect film , but it can achieve something more precious , and rarer than glossy perfection : it can take you by the shoulders and shake the apathy and complacency away .
99 Homes pulses with energy from the very beginning . Bahrani is always keeping his camera moving , timed to an unsettling electronic-driven score . It is his most confidently made film .
Grabs you from the first frame and does n't let go until the credits roll . Shanoon and Garfield are electric .
A sort of morality play ... intense , heartbreaking ... Michael Shannon is magnetic .
99 Homes proves that -LSB- Ramin Bahrani -RSB- can make thrillingly urgent mainstream entertainment without turning his back on the harsh realities of life on the breadline .
Where many well-meaning social dramas inevitably turn soggy with moralizing , the visceral 99 Homes keeps its fire .
Can a good person succeed by playing by their rules ? I actually hope he ca n't . I would really lose hope if cheating was the answer .
Bahrani -LRB- and co-writer Amir Naderi -RRB- want the audience to go to the dark side with them without losing their faith in the system . To anyone who has watched this crisis unfold over the last decade , it will feel like a cheat .

@highlight

Fueled by powerful acting and a taut , patiently constructed narrative , 99 Homes is a modern economic parable whose righteous fury is matched by its intelligence and compassion .