Works better as a sports movie than a love match .
An enjoyable little crowd-pleaser with likable leads and a few good laughs .
The story plays out predictably with a happy ending -- think The Natural on Wimbledon 's Centre Court -- and all in all , it 's a decent romantic comedy .
All in all , it 's rather pleasant , but nothing else .
You are n't likely to see a film with more warmth and good humor anytime soon , or one that does more to give feel good filmmaking a good name .
Do we really need to see another film where a gorgeous , talented and desired American woman is whisked away by a stammering insecure British man with an inner monologue ?
The movie needs the stars ' charm and director Richard Loncraine 's polish , because the faulty script is just barely good enough to hold us for 100 minutes .
Lobs nothing but clichés .
Bettany and Dunst make a cute couple that is as fiercely competitive in their love lives as they are on the court .
Trillada ? Relativamente Complaciente ? Absolutamente Buena ? Podr vivir sin verla . Pero definitivamente si la ve ... saldr gratamente complacido .
Wimbledon ends up playing on wet clay ...
Não é um filme inovador , é verdade , mas foi competente o bastante para fazer com que eu me importasse com o destino do casal principal sem ficar entediado durante o processo .
As predictable and impotent as a John McEnroe outburst .
No amount of charm on the part of the stars can overcome the pall of generic conventions used in such a rote manner .
Ably , consistently directed and featuring attractive , likeable leads , yet also still so formulaic and quirk-free as to lull you into a stupor .
A pleasant enough entertainment at a time when movies either pleasant or entertaining are in short supply .
Joins ` Four Weddings and a Funeral , ' ` Notting Hill ' and ` About a Boy ' in that distinctly British niche of ` chick flicks ' that can be enjoyed without a lobotomy .
Trails some way behind the class of its predecessors , with a trailer that makes it look a lot funnier than it really is .
Do n't pigeonhole this sweetly funny journey of self-discovery as a romance - it deserves your attention as a movie about the greater concept of commitment .
Bettany is charming , and thankfully he and Dunst are appealing together .
A briskly paced , glamorous bauble , which makes its points as effectively as all those balls being smashed across court .
OK , so it 's desperately formulaic , downright silly and almost completely implausible , but so help me if I did n't fall madly in love with Richard Loncraine 's Wimbledon .
The leads ' good performances are sabotaged by a script that lacks the wit and spark of Notting Hill and Four Weddings and a Funeral .
Bring Bettany his racquet of burning gold , bring him his little green felt balls of desire .
It 's essentially a showcase for its two up-and-coming stars , and they keep it light and lively .
Richard Loncraine 's romantic fantasy , Wimbledon , is cruelly designed to make feeble-minded tennis fans go weak at the knees . As such , it works perfectly
A light , frivolous comedy that applies a tried and true romantic formula to the professional world of tennis .
As predictable as the comfortable whoosh you get when you open a new can of tennis balls .
So determined to be ordinary that it 's virtually invisible
Paul Bettany and Kirsten Dunst ... provide the necessary bounce to this undemanding trifle .
A join-the-dots romantic comedy , Wimbledon is worth watching for the magnetism of Paul Bettany .
The end result , while satisfying , is a picture one might quite fairly describe as Notting Hill Lite .
Wimbledon is a very pretty movie , with two personable and good-looking actors . Unfortunately , a lot of implausible plot points are ... rather difficult to believe .
Love does indeed mean more than nothing in the charming `` Wimbledon . ''
It breaks no new ground , but remains witty and unassuming .
Bettany/Dunst are a winning team on the court and off .
-LSB- A -RSB- reluctant thumbs down .
I especially enjoyed the scenery in England and the atmosphere around Wimbledon .
Bettany gives a fine comic performance as Peter , light and self-deprecating as he reacts to this lucky turn of events in his romantic and sports life .
Unless you 're a tennis fan , this flick is about as fun as sitting through a movie about the 1980s arcade game Pong .
Bettany and Dunst are awfully likeable , easy to root for in love and in sport .
Despite my reservations about the endless stream of clichés we see here , I recommend this movie .
Although the story may look by-the-numbers , it makes some interesting detours in its characterization .
The real draw -LSB- in Wimbledon -RSB- is seeing Paul Bettany fill the romantic comedy shoes that Hugh Grant has long grown out of .
While ` Wimbledon ' is n't Oscar-caliber , it 's exactly what it sets out to be -- funny and romantic .
A pleasant , funny , utterly predictable film that wo n't hurt you to watch but wo n't hurt you to miss , either .
Nobody will confuse it with great cinema , but it does its job .
No matter what genre , no matter what era , Bettany is a wonder , nailing each and every character I 've had the pleasure of seeing him inhabit .
The kind of movie that allows the non-cynical movie-goer to sit back and relax in the presence of actors who work well with each other and a script whose familiarity is an asset .
Slick , satisfying entertainment .
... it 's a pleasure watching Bettany take center court .
The generic parallel plots of sports-movie suspense and falling-in-love sap squeeze stars Paul Bettany and Kirsten Dunst together like so much peanut butter and jelly .
Sunny , beautiful , thoroughly English sets get this sports-romantic-comedy over the net , but a clumsy romance with flat dialogue means `` Wimbledon '' is far from an ace .
Wimbledon is like a tennis match played with wet balls and wooden racquets - soggy and stiff .
It 's as though the filmmakers were wary of making Kirsten Dunst 's character too unlikable and so tell us she 's this or that rather than showing us .
The camera cuts back to Peter , wiping his brow as he observes , `` Sport is cruel . ''
A wry , tightly-strung but ultimately contrived lesson in love .
The best thing about all of this is Bettany .
Features some delightful back-and-forth banter and kinetic tennis scenes that go a long way toward compensating for the formulaic plot line .
A curious hybrid of sports drama and romantic comedy , Wimbledon is a happy case of hitting the sweet spot with a good serve .
This is the part that will finally make the tall , freckled Bettany a star . He 's exquisitely high-strung in a way that women will find madly attractive and men madly agreeable .
Beneath the surface , the film is an empty experience .
There 's no hiding a hokey love story that undercuts the picture 's compelling tennis scenes .
Viewing Wimbledon is like playing tennis with a ball made of bubblegum .
Does n't quite make it over the net .
Predictable , harmless and bounces along on the charm of its two stars .
Not an ace , just a let , barely getting over the net to give its stars another serve and a chance to move into the next scene . But you wo n't mind watching them play out the point .
Ho-hum offering by the producers of crowd-pleasing bon bons Four Weddings and a Funeral and Notting Hill .
Though there is the novelty of racket action , all the film really amounts to is same story , different sport .
An ultra-predictable if essentially painless romantic comedy .
An innocuous , inconsequential bit of fluff ... notable for both its energetic but predictable court action and an unfortunate lack of chemistry between the leads .
As a love story , Wimbledon is a washout . As a meditation on sports psychology , it might help improve your game .
Something of a minor upset : a satisfying date movie with depth .
The Bjorn Borg of romantic comedies : precise , good-looking , dependable and serviceable , if predictable .
A generally painless float down a lazy river .
A harmless fantasy designed to appeal to -LRB- pre -RRB- adolescent girls and their mothers , Wimbledon coasts through its relatively plot-free love story thanks to the charms of lead Paul Bettany and , to a lesser extent , co-star Kirsten Dunst .
With its uneven creative mix , Wimbledon drifts between sparkling , insightful humor and dull Hollywood nonsense .
The supporting characters do n't add much colour and zest .
Where Wimbledon does excel is as a tennis movie .
A standard post-Four Weddings and a Funeral British romantic comedy .
It 's not exactly an ace , but Wimbeldon does serve up a lighthearted courtship that 's tough to resist .
The two leads do elevate the material , especially Bettany , who has a winning presence . He may not be as charming as Hugh Grant , but he 's considerably more believable in this part .
Although Wimbledon is formulaic , the jokes are strong and the tennis setting provides a fine diversion .
What I mostly liked was the warmth between the two leads .
It has no sharp edge , few laughs , and never successfully probes beneath the surface of the milieu it attempts to explore .
For one to drone on about lousy , lumpy tennis is to miss the point of Wimbledon , which is about lousy , lumpy love .
A hopelessly contrived and superficial romantic comedy .
... starts to feel like a junior-high drama .
Wimbledon is a smashingly fun love romp - chock full of smiles and laughs and giddiness like a proper romantic comedy should be .
Moves with grace and confidence and it easily scoops us up into its clutches .
-LSB- The -RSB- floppiest of the floppy-haired British romantic comedies ... Toothless and bland ...
Kirsten may be the star but this is Paul Bettany 's movie - he gets to be the lover , hero , all-around nice guy and he does it with great charm and believability .
You 've seen this movie before .
I 'll admit that my interest in tennis softened me up for this rather predictable sports romance .
The romance is just as convincing as the athletics - however , that is not meant as a compliment .
Much is made out of the romance in the picture , but truly , Wimbledon awakens when the action hits the grass courts .
All the skill and grace of Jon McEnroe 's CNBC Talk Show . Wimbledon wastes Bettany and Dunst on a passionless sports film .
A smart story , good direction , great chemistry , and some pretty exciting tennis to boot .
Richard Loncraine fails to score any real points with this lightweight trifle .
Proves that sometimes it pays not to have your eye on the prize and to just go out there and play with wild abandon .
If the scenes off the court were as entertaining as the ones on , it would have been a better movie , but unfortunately they 're not .
Like most sports movies , it 's a formula job all the way , it never tells us anything about the phenomenon of Wimbledon and it fails to generate sparks as a romance .
A likable , formulaic sports movie .
It 's pleasant , diverting and sweet .
It 's one of those feel-good movies that a critic does n't have to feel bad about recommending .
Likable , albeit saccharine and formulaic .
A slick comedy that 's more fun than it has any right to be .
-LSB- Loncraine -RSB- just gives too much of all the wrong things and a potential winner comes a bit unstrung .
This is a standard , run-of-the-mill love story with a tennis setting . What might set it apart are Dunst and Bettany , who generate Tracy-Hepburn type chemistry .
The good news is that Wimbledon is not Kirsten Dunst 's movie . This passable romantic comedy belongs to co-star Paul Bettany .
This is n't reinventing the wheel , but it 's creating the best possible wheel ... Think The Fast and the Furious on a tennis court .
There 's nothing startlingly original in the way this plays out , but the film has a relaxed ease that 's appealing .
Wimbledon may have its faults , but it 's the sort of upbeat fantasy that 's tough to resist .
There are no surprises -- what happens is exactly what you think will happen .
Bettany proves that he has the chops to carry a film .
There 's no script to speak of , just two appealing actors volleying comic-romantic cliches at each other .
Nothing more than amiable fluff , yet Bettany infuses it with a brazen dash of reality .
Slickly efficient but defiantly cliched .
Always light , always breezy and anything but coy , Wimbledon is entirely watchable and entirely forgettable the moment it 's over .
The umpteenth edition of Tired Romantic Comedy Theater .
Too bad the real Wimbledon never looks this interesting .
Wimbledon is a mix of comedy , sports , and romance , but the romance does n't flow as well as the sports and comedy .
The sly , sexy ease between Dunst and Bettany makes the predictability bearable , at least for a while .
Bettany makes like Hugh Grant at his best .
More moderately charming than a romantic comedy should be with stars as charismatic and irresistible as Kirsten Dunst and Paul Bettany - but charming nonetheless .
Simply a strong entertaining film . Professional production , hardy acting , solid direction , engaging story . It 's got romance , sport , comedy and drama .
Light-weight but likable .
So thoroughly sugarcoated that it 's almost easy to forgive its flaws .
Strictly of the take-it-or-leave-it variety , not romantic or involving or memorable enough to warrant more than an ultra-brief passing glance .
Wimbledon is convinced that there 's nothing funnier in the world than seeing a grown man have a conversation with a dog .
The appealing leads have strong chemistry , but it 's the wrong kind : an affectionate big-brother / little-sister rapport that leaves a discomfiting taint on their more amorous clinches .
Even if details are strangely careless , we still get caught up in it , cheering for both victory and true love even though we know exactly what will happen .
Bounces back and forth between court and courtship with no more than serviceable results .
Boasts appealing leads and dazzling court play , but the film never rises above its by-the-numbers plot to generate emotional heat .
Consistent rallying by a likeable cast wins through .











@highlight

A predictable , bland rom-com , but Bettany proves to be an appealing lead .