Green Zone is an entertaining movie , which features all the explosions , chases and stunning scenes that the subject merits . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I do n't like polemics , not even those supporting my position . This film does not support my position ... the movie contains far too little in terms of a coherent , believable plot .
No doubt borrowing inspiration from real events , Green Zone is a nail-biting story of one man 's single mission to uncover the truth , no matter the consequences .
It takes a special kind of talent , the kind of talent that Paul Greengrass has , to make a movie as annoying as Green Zone .
`` Green Zone '' simply offers up a fun , entertaining ride that has you on the edge of your seat throughout most of the film . If you are into the politics though , you may just find it a little more interesting .
This is a frenetic and powerful action flick that brings the fight to you .
A reasonably gripping entertainment .
The story of the Iraq War is fascinating , but the checklist of talking points is not .
Green Zone is the rare miss from frequent collaborators Matt Damon and director Paul Greengrass .
It 's like Inglourious Basterds but without the fun .
Greengrass ' Green Zone is about half political thriller and half action thriller and unfortunately it 's only successful at one of those halves . Doubly unfortunate , the half that does work is n't the part he 's interested in .
As a politically-charged action film , it accomplishes the mission .
It 's one thing for the filmmakers to -LRB- sort of -RRB- fictionalize real people , but Green Zone wraps up with a wish-fulfillment fantasy that is about as believable as watching reinforcements riding in to save Custer .
Frustratingly uneven ...
An angry , critical movie , but in the name of accessibility it foregoes complexity and depth in a subject that requires it .
I 'd likely be damning Green Zone for facile political messages if it were n't for the fact that more than a fair share of people out there are in desperate need of them .
... there 's a lot to like in directorPaul Greengrass ' fast-break freneticism and in the evocatively fictionalized Iraq war story told here . It 's nothing we have n't heard before , but - for Hollywood , at least - it 's nuanced and exciting storytelling .
Merece créditos por se preocupar em usar sua embalagem de `` longa de ação '' para abordar um assunto sério que deveria ganhar mais destaque na imprensa mundial .
Green Zone says that not even Matt Damon in full fury can change much of anything .
Cliquez pour lire la critique ...
Green Zone begins with Shock and Awe , and Paul Greengrass tries to maintain that tone for the rest of the movie .
Part political thriller and part actioner , ` The Green Zone ' is a war movie that will appeal to thinking audiences and those who appreciate a rush of adrenaline .
A decent action film that tackles interesting subject material that deserves attention but many wo n't pay to see oversimplified finger-pointing even if it features some of our favorite actors .
With Greengrass compounding the tumult with his trademark Migraine-Cam , it 's hard to come away with a clear image , let alone a clear message
Well done , if not amazing , `` Green Zone '' is an entertaining war thriller that delivers more often than not .
I had a horrible thought as I watched this lousy film : now there is one thing that Glenn Beck and I will agree about .
It 's an angry film , and that anger is its biggest problem . It all starts to sound a little hysterical . Then again , maybe hysteria is what 's needed .
Paul Greengrass 's loud , Damon-driven documentary-style thriller confusingly weaves fact and fiction and whipsaws between various conspiracy theories , while the nonstop action mimics an Xbox splatter game .
It 's a good movie , but definitely a few notches away from a great one .
`` Green Zone '' comes along as if to remind us how mediocre Iraq War movies were before Kathryn Bigelow 's film came along .
A well-crafted , all-outheart-pounding and mostly compelling action movie .
It 's certainly more intelligent than your average blockbuster - but it does n't carry the weight of its convictions .
The pacing was strong , the casting was perfect , and the Message made for an interesting premise . Green Zone is probably not for everyone , but it is a solid piece of entertainment .
Made my eyes feel like little soccer balls being kicked around by gremlins inside my head .
Most people who go to the movies are seeking feel-good escapism . The public does n't want to be reminded how wrong they were , as they rush to their next certainty . Green Zone will not please them .
Green Zone continues Greengrass and Damon 's collaboration on making action films for the ` thinking person ' .
While the film may be a bit too political , Greengrass delivers his signature style of film making which really sends you into the war zone with Matt Damon .
Often reaches ` gripping ' on the cinematic alert level and shows more political smarts than most films on Iraq , let alone action movies . Ultimately over-ambitious yet still one of the best battlefield films for avoiding war-glorification .
This may not be the worst war movie I 've seen , but it sure does n't rank up there with the best of them .
It 's provocative , involving and utterly gripping .
Green Zone is a supremely slick flick which does n't overdo the political dialogue and knows exactly when to blow up a car in a long and complicated action sequence .
It 's an engrossing -LRB- if fictionalized -RRB- answer to the question `` How did we get here , exactly ? ''
If you can ignore the political bias and false premise , it 's an entertaining film . But that 's tough to do .
Missed opportunity to kneecap Bush 's weapons-of-mass-destruction catastrophe
The movie , which takes its name from the walled-off compound in Baghdad occupied by the U.S. and coalition forces in 2003 , is more like `` Iraqi Hot Tub Time Machine . ''
When shots go in and out of focus , and when over the shoulder shots actually obscure the subject 's face , that 's not okay . You should know what you 're shooting , even if it 's constructed as ` documentary ' style .
A thriller designed to provoke discussion of America 's involvement in Iraq , Green Zone will more likely fuel rants about Hollywood 's liberal bias .
Breathless action and complex intrigue ensure we are hooked throughout an expertly orchestrated war-zone thriller .
Greengrass -- reuniting with Damon -- does so with plenty of verve , plunging us into the chaos of the conflict in its earliest days and gradually pulling into focus a clear-headed narrative of what might have happened .
The prospect of seeing ace British director Paul Greengrass working with Matt Damon again will excite many cinemagoers .
A muscular , adrenaline-fuelled action blockbuster .
I ca n't believe people will not go to see Green Zone in their droves . I certainly hope they do , for it is a shocking , replenishing film , not to be missed .
There is no better director of action sequences and we really feel like we 're ducking for cover from enemy fire as mayhem erupts .
Greengrass , with his superkinetic camerawork and visceral sense of you-are-there immediacy , pieces together a compelling picture of a ground force trying -LRB- and failing -RRB- to order a city on the slide towards anarchy .
Competent , vivid and more than tokenistically controversial in theme .
This pair delivering even half a good movie is still better than many manage .
Breathless , yes , but oddly disengaged , in the first Greengrass project yet where you feel he 's delivering just on par .
Greengrass has made quite a raucous , energetic action movie to serve as the vehicle for his polemic .
The result is a proficient thriller that overreaches itself , politically and visually . Instead of convincing us , it lectures us .
Green Zone has technical flair , but we expect more from Greengrass .
Dusty authenticity it has in buckets and spades , for which much credit must go to British cinematographer Barry Ackroyd , who should have won an Oscar for his work on The Hurt Locker .
Green Zone is probably the nearest the Americans will get to the public floggings of the Chilcot Inquiry except there will be popcorn on hand and a far larger audience .
Everywhere you look , all the signs are there to tell you that this is a powerful movie with something to say . You investigate , and guess what ? There 's nothing there !
What really strikes is the steel meld between bone-jarring action scenes and the all-too-believable political chicanery from the sort of people who will be on nodding terms with Halliburton in the form of Kinnear 's sharp-suited ultra-rotter .
The action movie of 2010 -LRB- so far -RRB- and proof that there 's life after Jason Bourne for Damon and Greengrass .
Greengrass concocts a formula with a fighting chance of dispelling the Curse of the Hollywood Iraq Movie . If a picture as conventionally accessible as Green Zone tanks , that campaign is surely lost .
`` No WMDs ! Government evil ! Fire bad ! Freddy good ! '' the film roars as it staggers around like the Frankenstein monster that it is , the sewn together parts of previous Greengrass successes .
You feel as though you were there .
It is a welcome addition to an ongoing post-mortem .
Imagine an Iraq War film without the terrifying suspense of The Hurt Locker , the empathy of The Messenger or the lacerating wit of In the Loop , and you get an idea of what it 's like to sit through Green Zone .
In a sense , `` Green Zone '' is a movie which goes to great pains to point out the obvious .
A fantasy that has little to do with the way things actually happened in Iraq and even less to do with the way a soldier on active duty could ever behave .
Green Zone in a heavy-handed way finds itself mired in serious weapons of mass plot destruction .
There 's something thrilling about watching a studio picture that actually expresses a strong political point of view .
It 's never too late to hear the truth about the Iraqi War .
It 's as if Greengrass figured we already know the ending , so let 's just have some fun chasing down bad guys . Which is no laughing matter , considering : 1.5 million dead Iraqis , over 31,000 US military deaths and 100,000 wounded , and 18 suicides per day .
The movie 's major strength is the uncanny ability of the production and set designers to turn the shooting locations in Morocco , Spain and the United Kingdom into a perfect replica of post-invasion Iraq .
Green Zone 's ham-fisted politics are not made bearable by tepid , warmed-over chases and wartime action that seem token and lazy for director Greengrass . We know he can do far better .
A fairy tale strictly for anyone still in denial or naïve enough to believe in Santa Claus , the Tooth Fairy or even Saddam 's mythical Weapons of Mass Destruction . It 's fun to pretend !
While Matt Damon 's performance as a hero on an important mission evokes suspense and empathy , ` Green Zone ' suffers from the chaotic way it 's filmed .
An underwhelming war film that 's low on tension , surprises , cleverness and intrigue while high on nauseating camerawork and lazy oversimplifications .
Think of this as the fourth Bourne adventure .
There 's nothing here that will surprise anyone who 's been paying the least bit of attention .
If you ca n't get over the idea Greengrass is more interested in the emotional experience than any factual name-calling , `` Green Zone '' may be a film that does n't work for you .
Distills -- not simplifies -- the clashing forces that dashed our chance of peace . Greengrass is economical in his scenes ; the film bolts forward like a greyhound chasing a lure .
It functions extremely well as pure stimulus response , but its efforts to get at the deeper causes of the Iraq war hamstring the otherwise laudable technical elements .
While not exactly topical in the provocation department , it is nevertheless a smart , exciting , and relevant thriller .
It 's not all shock and awe . -LRB- Brian -RRB- Helgeland ensures there 's heft to this story , as well .
Gripping , but simplistic war thriller for older teens only .
This is a movie that offers an important look back at the war 's start . That makes it important , no matter how much people might prefer to talk about something else .
If you 're looking for truth , keep looking . If you want suspense and a pseudo-Bourne experience , then this is the movie you need to see . Matt Damon finds his hurt locker . Paul Chambers , CNN .
You might want to pick up the book and skip the film .
A fast pace , a nagging mystery and bone-crunching action captured with director Paul Greengrass ' signature hand-held camera and rapid-fire editing .
Reduces policies that caused the deaths of thousands to the equivalent of a first-person-shooter video game .
... a retread of a redundancy .
Serves up soldiers , spies , politicians , reporters , and Iraqi civilians who speak almost entirely in clichés .
It also helps that , despite the fact it does n't offer up anything new , the story itself is still pretty darn spellbinding .
... a stiff , uneven Iraq War actioner that 's more anti-invasion wish fulfillment than ideas-driven drama .
A blur of frantic action and fractured ideals .
Green Zone hits hard and does n't forgive . It plays out like fiction , and in some ways it is . But in too many ways , it 's not .
Greengrass has embraced the risk inherent in turning a true , unpopular story into a mainstream entertainment , but he ca n't quite handle the responsibility .
When Mr. Greengrass made United 93 , his 2006 reconstruction of one of the Sept. 11 hijackings , some people fretted that it was too soon . My own response to Green Zone is almost exactly the opposite : it 's about time .
Damon 's the anchor , a fine one at that , but even he ca n't seem to hold the filmmakers ' attention for long .
Manufacturing thrills takes precedence over any kind of journalistic insight .
An urgent piece of work .
Green Zone is far from perfect . But man oh man , as a pulse-pounding thriller , it is a knockout .
Much of Brian Helgeland 's script relies on dumb coincidence and barely believable plot devices .
Too earnest and safe for its own good . It treads dangerous ground without really taking any risks .
It 's entertainment first and foremost , with ham-fisted politics popping the mood far too often , sucking away a desired tempo of defiance to play a crude game of Middle East Stratego .
The film magnifies the obstacles in the path of anyone trying to make compelling , intelligent drama out of the most important ongoing American issue .
There 's not one stable shot in the whole movie -- even a scene with two guys talking at a table is filmed as if there were a riot going on .
It 's tidy , comforting revisionism , like sending Rambo back into Vietnam so we can win this time . Instead of a morass in which the search for WMD simply peters out , we get the closure of a smoking gun .
A better than solid action and mystery movie , and I hope it 's not too smart for the audience .
While never truly boring , it 's a rehash of leaden archetypes of good and evil to suit an action flick disguised as social commentary -- hand-held shots abused to excess .
It 's all about as clear as a fistful of Baghdad sand thrown directly in your eye .
The pacing is intense without being frenetic , and the chases and gun battles are served up with Greengrass 's trademark jittery fervor .
Fake WMD and super-shaky cam : It 's The Paul Greengrass Experience .
A jangly , noisy , compulsively restless thriller on a par with the Bourne movies , shot through with political critique .
A dumbed-down political thriller that interweaves fact with fiction , tempting cynical wags to dub it `` Bourne in Iraq . ''
Politics aside and purely as a piece of genre moviemaking , Green Zone is a solid example of a political paranoia thriller .
What Chandrasekaran did so well -- tenaciously cataloging the colossal morass of America 's small and not-so-small mistakes -- Greengrass eschews for the popcorn-crunching conventions of a Hollywood potboiler .
Green Zone is a story of a fruitless endeavor . But too often it feels like one itself , however vigorous and engaging it can be in the telling .
Too little and too late ? Maybe . But even in this Bourne Zone , Damon and Greengrass have n't shirked their duty to enlighten and entertain .
This is a movie that recognizes there 's no straight line to the truth , which is part of what makes it vaguely unsatisfying -- though it 's also what keeps it honest .
It 's a tribute to Matt Damon 's special quality as an actor -- not his star wattage , but his ability to project a certain simple human decency -- that we care about him even when we only see the side of his head ...
Green Zone is far from perfect . But man , oh , man , as a pulse-pounding thriller , it is a knockout .
Green Zone has an attitude -- it persuades in almost documentary style that the war was sold on false pretences but no one 's motives in this tangled affair can be completely trusted .
Green Zone weakens its claim to authenticity with fictional fudgings . And the weakening works both ways .
Intelligent , tough and gripping .
This is a red-hot action thriller that deals candidly and unapologetically with the situation in Iraq .
A brisk , intelligent action film in which Damon comes to realize the Iraq war he 's fighting was based on a lie .
Frenetic in execution and formulaic in substance , the film leaves one lathered into a frenzy but not moved , at once overwhelmed and undernourished .
The movie might have seemed a revelation if it had been released six or seven years ago , but there 's no fresh angle , few surprises and no character who steps boldly forward to suggest heroism or corruption .
It takes a complex and important story and renders it facile . Characters are etched too clearly in black and white .
In the wake of the Oscar-winning The Hurt Locker -- a far better film , and one with a less strident , less obvious agenda -- Green Zone arrives looking strangely anachronistic .
While it 's watchable , this convoluted and contrived speculative piece is not the ideal reteaming for Bourne Supremacy star Matt Damon and that film 's director , Paul Greengrass .
If tremulous 100-yard-dash camerawork is Greengrass 's voice , this sort of movie might not be the song for him .
The pacing is mostly tense and smart ; however , the movie 's politics are distracting at best
Too many shortcuts are taken getting to the heart of the story , with stereotypical characters doing exactly what you expect them to do , even if whatever it is would never happen in real life .
-LSB- A -RSB- Hollywood-washed charade , a tale of real perfidy that refuses to name any of the actual villains ...
It 's intriguing material that -LSB- screenwriter Brian -RSB- Helgeland offers but so insistent on condemnation and vast conspiracy theories that we lose an authentic sense of damage .
Parental Content Review
THIS is what `` The Hurt Locker '' should have been .
Stacked next to far better similar films like 2007 's In the Valley of Elah and 2009 's The Hurt Locker , Green Zone is shrug-worthy small potatoes destined to be quickly forgotten and replaced .
Reuniting the director with Matt Damon for the third time , the film is just as smart and kinetic as their pairings in the Bourne franchise , only with a new troupe of characters and a real-world feel .
Its attempt at introducing ` Bourne ' - style action into a real war setting is always on the precipice of utterly failing as a concept .
Seven years into the Iraq quagmire , we need more from our political filmmakers than an angry fist -LRB- and a hand-held camera -RRB- shaken in the Bush administration 's direction .
A slam-bang thriller set in Iraq in 2003 which vividly illustrates that truth is the first casualty of war .
. . plays like the crib notes for documentary `` No End in Sight '' actioned up à la `` The Kingdom '' then capped off with a ` David conquers Goliath by notifying the media ' cliché ...
While compared to Greengrass ' finest movies it 's a minor effort , it offers enough excitement to pass muster -- especially since its basic argument , provable or not , carries a real punch .
Green Zone is a story we 've already heard , shot in a manner we 've already seen , and starring Matt Damon in a role he 's already played .
Greengrass is in a kind of suspended artistic animation , and the movie itself has the feel of something backed into a corner -- a thriller that wants to thrill us with stuff we already know .
As expected , Greengrass smoothly integrates the suspense and tension of a Hollywood thriller with a ground-level depiction of American chicanery in the chaotic days after the fall of Baghdad .
The movie puts viewers on a war footing from minute one , authentically depicting the tracer fire , scattershot explosions and hostage smash-n-grabs that won us the Iraq war in a weekend .
For a popcorn flick , it has style and smarts . And while it 's not an actors ' film , it offers solid performances .
An astounding real situation becomes a simplistic war between obvious bad guys and a lone hero who ca n't be denied .
Perhaps the most rewarding aspect of Green Zone is the manner in which it interweaves fact and fiction into an engaging whole .
Green Zone is partly real and partly , increasingly , fantastic and outlandish in its wishful thinking .
Yes , the film is fiction , employs farfetched coincidences and improbably places one man at the center of all the action . It is a thriller , not a documentary .
Even as cushy popcorn action , Green Zone misfires .
A poor man 's ` Hurt Locker ' but vivid nonetheless
Green Zone is n't so much a bad movie as a misguided one .
Green Zone is a strangely dated , foolishly grandiose , simplistically angry fictional war-zone thriller about how one patriot blows the lid off America 's missteps in Iraq .
Carrying the moldy message that nonexistent `` weapons of mass destruction '' were a manufactured excuse for the war , Greengrass misses no opportunity to rattle his camera so that the story never has a chance to breathe .
Chandrasekaran 's book is a work of sharp , informative journalism . That `` inspired by '' credit sounds a little insulting when the result is tired , standard action fare such as Green Zone .
It 's certainly interesting to see what 's been reported on the manipulation of information played out as drama , and the acting is uniformly good .
Why did they dumb down a very complex and fascinating real story ?
Damon has perfected looking down his nose at his superiors , fellow grunts , shifty-swarthy Iraqis -- and us . It is an insidious , racist , fascist characterization .
Shot by Barry Ackroyd , the same cinematographer who filmed The Hurt Locker , and using the same camera techniques , this movie looks like outtakes from a much better film .
You catch your breath only to have the wind knocked out by the mirage of the carefree scene around the Green Zone swimming pool .
Greengrass understands the action framework like few others , locking you into his central figure 's cause and dynamism from the git go . His action moves with near frantic drive , logically , smartly and with trim intensity .
Its rage against the U.S. war machine is not only five years too late , but simplistic , its censure screamed with all the subtlety of Shock and Awe and its schematic layout of good and evil .
A wham-bam actioner , but its pointed political subtext ensures Damon and Greengrass deliver their most provocative mission yet .
A compelling action movie built on a false premise : that honest soldiers telling the truth helped the press raise public awareness and turn the tide of opinion against the war .
So vivid and convincingly realistic is the physical depiction of Baghdad in the early days of the American occupation that the introduction of trumped-up thriller elements feels like an unwanted intrusion .
An energetic , frenzied thriller -- Paul Greengrass-style -- set in Iraq in the chaotic post-invasion days .
Too little , too late : Using Greengrass ' signature , overly familiar visceral style , Green Zone elevates its Bourne-like hero to a mythic level and is not effective as a conspiracy thriller about WMD for many different reasons .
Green Zone approaches every human activity as if preparing to defibrillate .
It 's only the adrenaline-inducing techniques that conceal the lack of imagination .
Greengrass orchestrates the action and the story with clarity .
A proficient story in the thriller genre that combines tension with political relevance .
This is a kind of experiment , and it 's only partly successful . But , set against the most expansive , otherworldly backdrop this side of James Cameron 's Pandora , it 's an appropriately spooky experience .
An exercise in commercial cowardice masquerading as a thriller about political bravery .



@highlight

Matt Damon and Paul Greengrass return to the propulsive action and visceral editing of the Bourne films -- but a cliched script and stock characters keep those methods from being as effective this time around .