The story , set in contemporary Russia , seems unexceptional at the start . Yet it plays out against a vast wilderness of shorelines and lakes , and turns tantalizing ambiguity into urgent mystery .
The long and eventful fishing trip Dad drags the boys on is simultaneously a very real voyage through the Russian wilderness and also , like , a Jungian trip , man .
Throughout his expertly controlled film , Zvyagintsev never allows a break in the clouds to provide some reassuring sign that the brothers are on solid footing .
Mysterious , compelling , visually inventive , The Return is a quiet but intense metaphysical-drama of great emotional impact and insight .
Beautifully structured and emotionally wrenching .
Zvyagintsev gets formidable concentration from his youthful actors , and his storytelling moves with the simplicity -- calm , chiselled , and suggestive -- of a fable .
Constructed like an eerie , metaphorical thriller , this tense , riveting character study offers viewers nearly two hours of emotions with a stunning pay-off no one will be expecting .
Like each episode of Kieslowski 's Decalogue , The Return is a small but potent story . It leads us to ask : Is it ever enough to just ` trust and obey ' ?
A harrowing , elusively biblical account ... echoes of Abraham and Isaac , the Gospel parables about fathers and pairs of sons , and the Second Coming .
Zvyagintsev 's Venice prize-winner is a model of suspenseful storytelling . The acting , too , is terrific . Very highly recommended indeed .
magnificent return of a great cinema tradition to the world stage
Si uno se queda sólo en la primera lectura del drama familiar , la experiencia puede ser bastante desconcertante .
Um estudo de personagens cuja força se torna ainda maior em função das belas performances do trio principal .
The Return feels like an experiment designed to find out how much basic plot information you can withhold from an audience and still have an interesting movie .
... an unsentimental film about how childhood lingers until it abruptly ends .
an absorbing psychological drama and coming-of-age story in the guise of a road movie
What begins as a simple road trip becomes a spiritual journey , the classic passage from boy to man .
The story sidesteps all expectations and does not go where you might expect .
To any masochist who 's been pining for all those cliched tropes associated with Russian cinema -- ponderous pacing and arcane symbolism shot through a lens darkly -- this will seem a welcome blast from the past .
A remarkable achievement .
This solid film tells the story of the brothers Andrey and Ivan . It is not the particular story of these brothers : it is the universal story of kids struggling to grow up .
We 're sent out of the theater unsettled and somewhat mystified by what we saw , but exhilarated to have been in the presence of a truly impressive filmmaking debut .
A quiet film .
The Return begins on an ominous note and stays there for 105 absorbing , frustrating minutes .
There 's a bleak , haunting quality to ` The Return ' ... it combines a feeling of deep poignancy with a strong vein of menace .
It 's a compelling movie , albeit a dark , gray one .
A quiet and disquieting masterpiece which gets under your skin and stays there long after you leave the cinema .
At varying times it 's a character study , a family drama , a coming-of-age tale , a mystery and even a suspense-thriller . And it 's effective at each
Hauntingly sombre coming-of-age tale , with just the bare bones of a mystery plot .
A claustrophobic tale of children desperately seeking a father figure , a story that stays emotionally real even through its surreal finale .
This is nobody 's idea of a happy family story , but it is a pristinely chilling depiction of familial meltdown in a post-Stalinist , Twilight Zone anti-place , the dark heart of heartlessness and mysterious parenting techniques .
Like a gorgeously layered peony bloom , the Russian film The Return is so rich and textured it 's breathtaking in its beauty .
A mythical film about the mysteries of fatherhood as seen from a child 's perspective .
Good performances and cinematography , but lack of narrative closure is a problem .
Part road trip , part survivalist adventure and part battle of wills as seen through the eyes of the boys .
This film by Andrei Zvyagintsev touches a nerve .
Mystery and menace abound ... but at 106 minutes , The Return feels like a short story that 's a few pages too long
Like a dark fairy tale , The Return shows the universe upset by a capricious authority figure
Poetic yet efficient , The Return constructs a powerful mood without indulging in brooding , overlong scenes .
The film has an eerie sense of conviction in its simplicity , and the two primary antagonists -- Dad and Ivan -- are brilliantly acted .
As frustrating as it is rewarding .
The Return has many of the right elements being utilized for maximized potential , but Zvyagintsev settles for the mastery of several notes on key , and the rest completely out of tune .
Zvyagintsev 's measured pacing adds to the film 's mystery . And Mikhail Kritchman 's photography delivers visual verse after visual verse .
An enveloping drama in which the camera speaks as eloquently as any dialogue and the performances are grounded in the bedrock of experience .
Strip away the portentous style and lush views of nature in The Return and all you 've got is a slender nightmare of a family gone haywire in an outing that turns into survival camp .
It 's original -- an elemental , unforgettable experience .
These two brothers demand your attention and earn your concern .
Zvyagintsev talks about boys needing their fathers and couches it in terms poetic and mesmerizing .
Zvyagintsev ratchets up the tension with an almost sadistic degree of control .
As haunting as it is perplexing .
Does not conceal information from the audience , which would be a technique of manipulation , but from the boys , which is a technique of drama . The movie is not about the father 's purpose but the boys ' confusion and alarm .
... a brooding , beautiful story that works in the tradition of Russian great Andrei Tarkovsky .
A stunning contemporary fable about a divided family in the wilderness -- a simple , riveting film that almost achieves greatness .
This is a remarkably poignant and stylishly elegant film , especially for a debut .
The three lead characters in this movie wo n't soon be forgotten .
A tense , expertly acted Russian film clouded by its intentional ambiguity .
Shimmers with imagination and endless possibility -- when it 's over , you feel like you 've seen something important , perhaps the birth of a new filmmaking talent .
Russian director Andrey Zvyagintsev makes an accomplished feature debut here , answering the viewer 's questions either slowly or not at all
The broad theme of abandonment and return , explored in several variations , suggests mythic depths to this story of timeless significance .
Spare and allegorical in the best senses of the terms , The Return can be likened to both Faulkner and Dostoevski . It has the mournful tenor and psychological complexity of the former , the fatalism and grim irony of the latter .
Zvyagintsev ... gets amazing , award-worthy performances from his cast .
Frustrating and tantalizing . View the film as a piece of art , a Hitchcockian thriller , a Lynchian non-sequitur , or a double coming-of-age story -- but do n't miss it .
-LSB- In The Return -RSB- there is a complexity the goes beyond the battle of wills between father and son and opens up a very moving coming of age treatise , too .
All is meticulously detailed and superbly acted and played out against the decrepit Baltic beauty familiar from such filmmakers as Aki Kaurismäki and Sarunas Bartas .
With its elegiac mood and pulse-quickening suspense , the pared-down narrative is an unforgettable depiction of primal longing for the father .
The Return is a startling , frustrating first feature , and one that lingers long .
Director Andrey Zvyagintsev has a strong visual sense and an ear for unsettling sound that strengthen the feeling of foreboding pervading this psychological mystery
The whole might be an exercise in gossamer myth , signifying a dream-in-life . Still , it never quite realizes the oneiric quality because , paradoxically , of its best achievement -- the performances of the two boys .
A muted drama of ambivalent dysfunction , an exploration of what the word ` family ' means when it carries with it no attached reserve of affection or interconnectedness .
It 's eerie , deeply unsettling and absolutely , psychologically real ; drama in its purest terms , played out in primeval natural settings and atmospherically cinematic terms .
This unusual family 's journey of adaptation is undermined by characters who show no change and an arbitrary , unfulfilling last act that dodges what meaning it might have had .
While most films are fortunate if they succeed on any level , The Return works easily on several , making as powerful a mark emotionally as it does visually and even allegorically .
Effortlessly , -LSB- Zvyagintsev -RSB- creates an aura of mystery and dread .
Seethes with tumultuous inner life , and the questions it asks , and serenely refuses to answer , are ancient , fundamental and resolutely non-psychological .
One of those great , unnerving movies that lingers in the mind long after the lights have come up .
Works equally well an eerie fable or a sharply observed family drama .
The stunning feature film debut of Andrey Zvyagintsev , a Russian director who here renews the grand tradition of Russian cinematic mysticism epitomized by Andrei Tarkovsky .
Enriched by allusions to biblical stories of fathers , sons , and sacrifices , subtly woven into the movie 's moodily photographed fabric .
A stunning debut , a haunting film .
Brilliantly acted and photographed , yet strangely frustrating fable .
Sparse , deliberate , and patiently observed .
A thing of strange beauty .
Primordial and laconic , this remarkably assured debut feature has the elegant simplicity of its title .
By showing life from the point of view of two fairly innocent kids , the film will likely lead members of the audience , reminiscing on their own childhoods , into diverse and illuminating insights .
Winner of the Golden Lion at last year 's Venice Film Festival , Andrei Zvyagintsev 's macho endurance test The Return is an abject lesson in abject parenting .


@highlight

A suspenseful but perplexing thriller .