It has some interesting riffs on French/American clichés , but it is n't interested in creating something other than a string of gags .
The best that can be said about it is that Kevin Kline is note perfect as the smarmy , scheming Chief Inspector Dreyfus and his undisguised contempt for Clouseau .
From the witty franchise that Peter Sellers and director Blake Edwards made famous comes a pale offshoot that lacks sufficient tempo , tone and supporting characters to make it satisfying .
I hope nobody misunderstands when I say : Steve Martin , you are no Peter Sellers . And while I 'm at it ; Shawn Levy , you are no Blake Edwards .
Without a whit of subtlety , this tired retread induces nary a laugh , only groans of disbelief that we 're expected to find such a sorry string of dumb puns , infantile farts , awful accents and endless pratfalls funny .
All of -LSB- Martin 's -RSB- hard work does pay off
Perhaps it 's time to admit that The Pink Panther series is ready for permanent retirement .
... a slight yet sporadically hilarious update of the classic Peter Sellers/Blake Edwards film series .
The plot , needless to say , is negligible .
This remake , sadly , is far inferior to the original two Pink Panther films , despite the top-notch talent involved .
For now , though it 's a mixed blessing , this seems like the movie Martin deserves .
Ciente de que Peter Sellers é inimitável como Closeau , Martin cria sua própria versão do personagem e , ainda que não chegue perto de se igualar ao original , consegue gerar boas risadas .
A fun and animated return to film for one of cinema 's favourite characters , and a treat for the generation that have never seen him before .
When it comes to humor , this Pink is extremely pale .
Martin 's valiant performance , however hamstrung by Sellers ' ghost , is mired in a silly , inane plot that keeps the movie firmly grounded .
The film has an extremely high gag rate - it 's just a shame that so few of them actually work .
Rest assured , the decision to remake this film had nothing to do with art , creativity , comedic zen , or some form of tribute to Sellers or Blake Edwards .
As for Martin , no matter how many he times he stumbles , fumbles , burns his balls or mispronounces the word hamburger , he never gets close to making the Clouseau persona his own .
This one will make you laugh early and often , and send you out of the theater in a cheerful mood . And , really , what more could you ask ?
Animals , I imagine , have dreams with better narrative integrity .
To say that Steve Martin has miscalculated here is a kind way of saying this is the most boring and shallow comedy since You and Your Stupid Mate .
One has to chalk up The Pink Panther to the good old traditions of Hollywood greed and chutzpah . Nothing this slapdash and badly executed is done for the love of movies .
Martin is charming as Clouseau and , after all the bad buzz leading up to release , I think Sony is actually going to have a hit on their hands .
Steve Martin was able to do what no one had done so far - follow in the footsteps of Peter Sellers .
I am a huge fan of Steve Martin and did like him as Clouseau . The film did n't live up to expectations , but his likeability did .
An uncomfortable attempt to tap into the essence of the classic Panther films while updating it for modern audiences who might not know Inspector Clouseau from Inspector Javert .
It 's more than a little sad to see Steve Martin -- a talent who himself is incomparable -- attempt to imitate the inimitable Peter Sellers .
No Sellers , No Buyers
OK , I 'm tired of being evasive about this so I 'm just gong to own up to it : I never have been able to enjoy a `` Pink Panther '' movie .
The pain-and-destruction humor wo n't tickle everyone as pink as the cartoon character but still provides some good escapist fare .
.
Trying to fill some huge paw prints , Steve Martin wo n't make you forget Peter Sellers ' Inspector Clouseau , but neither will he make you see red .
Martin plays Clouseau as a cartoon . We always are aware of the distance between the actor and the character , whereas with Sellers , Clouseau was a part of him .
it 's sad to see -LSB- Martin -RSB- in a film that offers little other than stupid accents and broad pratfalls
A pale Pink Panther .
The Pink Panther moves Clouseau into the modern world while keeping the jokes older than dirt .
-LSB- Steve Martin 's -RSB- Clouseau is n't all that funny because he 's trying too hard in a part that requires effortless stupidity .
What is the point ?
Fails on so many levels that it 's ... well , it 's not funny .
Steve Martin humiliates himself in thie dreadful reincarnation of Inspector Jacques Clouseau . It 's an acute embarrassment .
The most that can be said for this strenuously bland reconstitution is that Steve Martin was clearly alive during filming . But just how alive , unfortunately , is at issue .
If you can divorce yourself from total allegiance to the original % u2013 or if you have no allegiance to the original - then this is an enjoyable movie with some real laughs courtesy of a modern day comic genius .
While Martin leaps wholeheartedly into this role , his slavish imitation of Sellers ' work is a bit thin .
... below average in every aspect except one : it -- like almost every other remake in recent memory -- is completely unnecessary .
... only manages to conjure up our nostalgic appreciation for the late and great Peter Sellers -- this flaccid farce does n't look pretty in Pink the millionth time around .
While the flat site gags never quite disappear , they 're offset by an equal number of bits that 'll keep you in stitches . It 's good -LRB- mostly clean -RRB- light fun .
While it 's not up to the Sellers ones from the '60s and '70s , like the Sellers-less Curse of and Son of , it definitely has its moments .
Yet another sad milestone in the valley of Steve Martin 's career .
Enough , already . It 's time for an intervention . Steve Martin , you 're no longer allowed to work with director Shawn Levy .
A ninety-minute movie containing two or three big laughs , another two or three small ones , and eighty surrounding minutes of lazy , misguided , laughless tripe .
For those who recall Sellers and the role he made famous , ` travesty ' seems to be the right descriptor .
Through its admirably short 90-minute running time , The Pink Panther never made me laugh a single time , though Martin 's clever wordplay yielded one or two chuckles .
Martin sets up several effective sight gags and gives himself a few good one-liners , but he also writes running gags that are n't funny the first time and sinks to the pointless crudity of an extended fart joke .
Despite ` bending it a little , ' Steve Martin manages to capture the humorous essence of Inspector Clouseau 's character .
The opening titles with Henry Mancini 's wonderful theme played under them comprise the best of this film . Then the movie starts and the entertainment stops .
Bland , unfunny and filled with crude sight gags that ca n't touch Sellers at his laziest .
As if the curse of the Pink Panther was n't dire enough , Martin 's Clouseau is haunted by more than the ghost of Peter Sellers . He 's also being trailed by the old Steve Martin .
This movie leaves us with the stale whiff of fake nostalgia and something even more odoriferous : the smell of money .
It 's time to let the Inspector rest in peace .
If The Pink Panther has any value at all , it 's in the way its failure demonstrates the delicate nature of comedy , and the skill of other comedies by contrast .
By now , the panther has had a very long meow .
With so much resting on Martin , Pink Panther falls prey to the great equalizer of all star-over-substance comedies : the 45-minute mark .
Rent Sellers ' greatest Panther film , A Shot in the Dark , stay home and laugh your head off .
Surprisingly lively and hilarious .
Not even the Rocky series is as willfully flogged as The Pink Panther , which is now on its eighth sequel , the third without Sellers .
Brilliant Martin , an intellectual comic who started his career slumming in sophomoric slapstick , is entirely too uptight to be genius Sellers ' greatest creation .
Soul-quakingly lame .
The film has its stumbling points , but it offers a sufficient amount of laughter .
You could wander into The Pink Panther for any 15-minute period , laugh a couple of times and leave without wondering for a moment how things will turn out .
Under his coat , the Panther must be pink with embarrassment .
Martin does a good job stumbling into Sellers ' shoes , and it 's all funny enough , depending on your tolerance for slapstick and odd accents .
Think Pink ? When it comes to The Pink Panther , do n't think . You 'll have a lot more fun that way .
Martin -LRB- who also co-wrote the screenplay -RRB- is so uninspired and dull in this witless movie , he almost -- almost -- makes you long for Adam Sandler .
Martin and Levy fail to convince us of Clouseau 's belief in his own reality . We find ourselves watching Martin riffing on Sellers rather than a legitimate if ridiculous character .
Whatever franchise value the Pink Panther name may possess , it might be time to put the Clouseau character to rest .
Peter Sellers was Inspector Clouseau . Steve Martin is merely playing Clouseau . Big difference .
Steve Martin is no Peter Sellers , but he still makes a winning Inspector Clouseau .
It is almost impossible to overstate how much we hated this movie .
it does n't stink . Au contraire : It 's good . Maybe not a masterwork , but good enough to redeem the series and its intrepid , mustachioed twit .
The trouble is the movie has little to offer except Martin 's set pieces , which feel off-the-cuff , and , even in the roughly one-in-four times they work , far too drawn out .
The Pink Panther is like a pratfall that does n't work . It should be funny , but it hurts more than it should .
The Pink Panther , while hardly the disaster it might have been , renders the love as labored as the pronunciation .
To get any enjoyment out of The Pink Panther , you have to forget that Peter Sellers ever played Inspector Jacques Clouseau .
You can see that Martin knows what he 's doing . He 's still got plenty of comic game . Now all he needs is a more consistently funny comedy in which he can really let loose .
It 's not quite on the high comedic plane of ` Do you have a license for that moon-key ? ' But AM-bourg-airs will do . Just ask the kids .
The writers and director Shawn Levy also misunderstand comic math : In their world , something that 's funny once will be four times as funny if it 's repeated over and over and over . Actually , the inverse is true .
There 's a fair amount of laughs and a breezy feeling of joie de silliness , even if the finished product is n't good enough to warrant an ongoing series .
Well , at least Steve Martin 's trying to be funny again .
Painful ... truly awful .
The Pink Painther is more like it .
-LSB- A -RSB- desecration of a comedy classic -- not a remake of the Blake Edwards films , it 's more like fictional-character assassination ...
... an hour and a half of an audio assault on your ears , as Steve Martin hams it up for all he 's worth with the silliest accent in recent memory .
Pity , because whether the suits greenlighting things like this realize it or not , the fact that they 've sacrificed both art and creativity in pursuit of a dollar is n't just a shame , it 's a crime .
Martin 's innate verbal panache is the only asset that shows any reliability here . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Clouseau , that erstwhile tireless twit , seems exhausted .
... a symptom of Clouseauian hubris .
It does n't quite work , particularly for those viewers who remember Sellers , in the same way no one but Sean Connery can ever ` really ' be James Bond .
A movie clearly made for -LRB- and probably by -RRB- people of the retarded persuasion . If you enjoy it , odds are you 're missing a chromosome . Or have an extra one , or something .
Hollywood mistakenly believes we , as adults , want to see cultural memories of our childhood revisited , but in reality , all it does is make us yearn for the original .
An endless procession of forced shtick and cartoon-style anarchy that 's been watered down into bland , tasteless froth .
Here 's all you need to know : Clouseau now surfs the Internet under the e-mail handle `` Doctor Knockers , '' and has to take Viagra before getting comfy in the sack .
Martin , at least , gives it a Herculean effort .
Martin , as we all know , has fine comic gifts , but he 's doing a conscientious impersonation here .
Look what the cat dragged in ...
Of course , the momentum of Martin 's silliness can only take the production halfway , and the script just is n't up to snuff in this latest stab at killing the Peter Sellers legacy .
I think I have laughed more at funerals , which is somewhat appropriate for this movie . The Pink Panther is a funeral for Steve Martin 's dignity and soul .
If you think there 's no possible way that anyone can actually stretch a leaky-fountain - pen-makes - shirt-messy joke for that long , well , dear reader , you are absolutely correct .
As in his early stand-up routines , we can feel superior to Steve Martin 's immature , likable character while adoring him at the same time .
Instead of the perfectly calibrated Sellers-Edwards routines we get hit-and - -LRB- mostly -RRB- - miss slapstick from Martin and Levy and jokes about flatulence and Viagra .
Steve Martin should have his SAG card revoked for even considering an attempt at filling Sellers ' shoes
This is less like Peter Sellers and Blake Edwards and more like `` Ernest Goes to Paris . ''
Steve Martin steps into the Inspector Clouseau role and nails it with his most inventive and funny performance in years .
Even if you give Sellers the edge in facial expressions , Martin is his equal in mangled verbiage .
Martin 's Clouseau is as clumsy and hapless as his predecessor and probably more innocent .
The Pink Panther does justice to the old Blake Edwards/Peter Sellers crime comedies -- it 's almost as good as the best of those films , far better than the worst -- but does n't depend on viewers being familiar with them .
The most effective way of reviewing the new Pink Panther movie would be to issue two reviews . One would be a simply worded warning to adults : Skip it if you can .
The Pink Panther does n't mess around . It goes south in a hurry .
The Pink Panther ees , how you say , ze real dog .
We responded to Sellers ' Clouseau because his foolishness and fakery echoed something deeply human as well as hilarious . We respond to Martin mostly because he 's a funny guy in a silly mustache , cutting up and trying to make us laugh .
This must be the first time that a great comic has taken over the signature role of another great comic and made it his own .
Alas , this joyless affair does n't have a clou .
Despite a witty performance by Steve Martin , much of The Pink Panther feels like trying on old clothes that no longer fit .
At every moment in the movie , I was aware that Peter Sellers was Clouseau , and Steve Martin was not . I had n't realized how thoroughly Sellers and Edwards had colonized my memory .
Martin deserves another case as Inspector Clouseau -- and we deserve a better movie .
Darned if it is n't pretty good . Martin is not as distinctive as Sellers , but not many people are watching those Sellers films these days and Martin knows the most important thing about this character : silliness .
As is so often the case with Hollywood retreads , the joke is on us .
Cheaper by the Dozen may have affirmed Levy 's credentials as a director of domestic comedy , but he seems clueless with this sort of banana-peel shtick .
The prospect of reviving Peter Sellers ' Pink Panther character , Inspector Jacques Clouseau , may not tickle anyone pink , but Steve Martin 's version is n't nearly as bad as you 'd think .
To say that Steve Martin does justice to the ` Pink Panther ' film series is not to say that you should drop everything and run out to see Martin 's ` The Pink Panther . '
Although it does n't stand up to the originals , it 's not half bad , thanks to a script that has moments of genuine wit .
The one interesting feature is Clive Owen 's brief appearance as a Bondian superspy , a vignette that hints at what kind of movies we might instead be enjoying had anyone seen fit to hand that guy the one role he was born to play .
Steve Martin is set up to play a role of bumbler and fumbler , but unfortunately the entire movie bumbles and fumbles .
Director Shawn Levy and his team squander Martin 's old-timey hipster appeal .
A leaden rehash that , finally materializing after repeated delays , is all too symptomatic of star Steve Martin 's mushy recent choices .
a mixed bag , but while the jokes misfire as often as they hit their target ... when it works , it is very , very funny .
Steve plays the character as a sort of weird mix between Austin Powers and Ernest P. Worrell . It 's funny , but he 's not exactly our beloved Inspector .
Steve Martin 's foray as Inspector Clouseau exhibits bursts of wild-and-craziness , but hardly enough to sustain even its relatively brief running time .
Even with the inspired choice of Steve Martin in the Clouseau role , this Panther picture is more bumbling and fumbling than the blissfully oblivious , accident-prone Inspector .





@highlight

Though Steve Martin is game , the particulars of the Inspector Clouseau character elude him in this middling update .