To say it 's one of the more important films to surface this year would n't be an understatement , but it would n't be an overstatement , either .
Ultimately , Charlie Countryman bites off more than it can chew and winds up feeling more absurd than memorable .
A wildly unauthentic offering , that manages to take such raw , human emotions , and produce a picture that revels , frustratingly , in frivolity and irreverence .
As for Shia , he 's wildly self-indulgent and narcissistic : all puppy eyes , emoting and angsting like there 's no tomorrow . He just does n't know when eneouf is eneouf .
The weird filmography of Shia LaBeouf , from Fury to Nymphomaniac via Transformers , continues with an ecstasy-fuelled excursion to eastern Europe in the bizarre The Necessary Death of Charlie Countryman .
This is a weird and self-indulgent affair that is easy to mock but that , just occasionally , captures the romantic feel of the equally pretentious but magical Leos Carax films of the late 1980s .
An eccentric , energetic muddle of a film that is badly overcooked by commercials director Fredrik Bond .
Shia LaBeouf is well-cast in this freewheeling combination of comedy , romance and action . He plays a scruffy guy with no plans and nothing to lose , lost in a strange culture while falling in love with the wrong woman .
The culture clash between the average middle American and the rest of the world is used to entertaining effect in this kinetic crime thriller .
Shia LaBeouf continues his relentless campaign to prove himself the most tiresome person in the history of cinema , or showbusiness , or the universe .
There 's quirky , and then there 's straight-up annoying .
A tedious film ; its death seems necessary , even merciful .
Embrace the film 's brazen weirdness -LRB- and forgive its inconsistent tone -RRB- and you 'll find an off-kilter romance in the vein of True Romance or Kiss Kiss Bang Bang .
Mostly , this is empty , ugly and pretentious .
The ugly step-child of In Bruges with none of the class or wit , Charlie Countryman is truly terrible .
Trite indie-hipster exercise in blending romance , violence , and quirk .
Dropping acid must be far more entertaining than watching this pretentious mess ...
LaBeouf , who throws himself whole-heartedly into every role regardless of its worth , is a fearless and fascinating actor , and his sincerity holds the entire sleazy mess together .
... an overwrought and muddled mess with little redemptive value .
There 's no peaceful , affecting middle ground here , just a lot of noise , color , and empty feelings competing for attention , with little squeezing through the thick coating of artifice .
Offbeat , Bucharest-set , film-noir romance with music by Moby .
The haphazard use of magical realism and the ever-shifting thrust of the narrative makes the film wear out its welcome long before it 's over .
Tonally adolescent , the film is enraptured with the emo-ness and ecstasy of love ... Love may be all you need , but , sheesh , give it a rest for a second .
True love may be worth doing anything to attain , but I ca n't say `` Charlie Countryman '' is worth the time investment to learn such a truth .
Somewhere along the way , we the audience , lose track of the tremendous acting and directing potential when we start to wonder why we ever cared about these people in the first place ?
Spontaneous and vulgar , the savage nature of Charlie Countryman overpowers its incoherent inconsistencies for a pretty gratifying and lucid experience .
A lame mash up of genres and ideas stolen from other movies and funneled into a lifeless romance between a Romanian damsel in distress and a scrawny , hirsute American who looks like he was yanked from the cast of ` Ratatouille . '
Dark romance/drama with sadistic villain gets bloody .
One of these days Shia LaBeouf will find a script that is worthy of his considerable acting talent . `` Charlie Countryman '' is not that vehicle .
Ah , Bucharest . That exotic , Eastern European hotbed of romance , intrigue and hefty film-production tax breaks .
However you cut it , with all that talent , Charlie Countryman feels like a sad , wasted opportunity .
Not a homerun , but Shia LaBeouf never lets his reckless passion fail .
LaBeouf is his usual cocky , watchable self , but `` Charlie Countryman '' ca n't concoct any credible reason for him or us to stay abroad .
It 's like watching the travel video of the most annoying guy you know .
This is n't a bad movie . It 's a movie of jaw-dropping awfulness .
` Charlie Countryman ' is rarely gripping , but its enigmatic nature and overt charm should be enough to keep minds from wandering .
It 's a thoroughly queasy pastiche of magic-realism/coming-of-age/romantic-thriller / bloody-Chiclets nonsense -LRB- and when I say `` nonsense '' I am substituting a much stronger word -RRB- .
This catastrophe of a movie zigzags drunkenly between action-adventure and surreal comedy with some magical realism slopped over it like ketchup .
Even though you learn that Charlie is absolute aces at running from bad guys , the character pretty much remains a confusing , empty vessel . As does the movie .
There 's underworld intrigue , and Bucharest gets to show itself off nicely .
Engaging and diverting , a movie that never quite goes where you expect it to - even when it shows you the ending right at the start .
Far too much of the running time is eaten up by our would-be lovers running through the streets in slow motion to sad-empowering M83 and M83-style music .
Pulpy dross of surpassing dumbness , `` Charlie Countryman '' takes the blender approach to mixing dark adventure , doofus comedy and pie-eyed romance , but forgets to put the lid on when pulsed .
Thanks to a perfectly-matched lead , Shia LaBeouf , the movie makes enough impact to justify its existence .
This visually overdriven , woefully underwritten exercise in style for its own sake ends up feeling more like a 103-minute music video .
Unexpectedly funny , consistently engrossing .
There 's not really a story here , just a series of shaggy-dog incidents that typically end with LaBeouf being beaten , hit by a car , or suspended upside-down over water .
Shia LaBeouf 's best efforts and some seedy Eastern European atmosphere can only take `` Charlie Countryman '' so far .
Movies do n't get any worse than Charlie Countryman .
It 's an engrossing , overstuffed disaster-sometimes captivating , sometimes too ingeniously terrible to turn away from ; it 's like watching a car wreck in slow motion , if both cars were stuffed with confetti .
Charlie Countryman is an ode to an ideal no one over 16 actually believes .
An egregious entry into the pantheon of films about white Americans traveling to exotic lands in search of identity and soul-searching adventure .
Say what you will about Transformers Boy , he 's making offbeat , almost pre - `` Pirates '' Depp choices in roles these days .
Charlie Countryman is a mature tall-tale that will play to the fantasies of certain generations , but might be a little too farfetched for more conservative viewers .
This is a movie that looks considerably better than it actually is .
The Romanian Tourist Board will not like what it sees , not will much of the audience .
A gripping , violent film that owes an unabashed debt to the Tarantino-penned love-in-low-places story True Romance .
There is nothing necessary about this movie .
THE NECESSARY DEATH OF CHARLIE COUNTRYMAN is the unnecessary death of a potentially good movie .
With a scruffy demeanor and wide-eyed enthusiasm , LaBeouf projects a degree of emotional recklessness that 's both disarming and disconcerting to watch .
Far from perfect , but very stylish . The blending of music and hyper-kinetic imagery is top notch .
The promise of adventure and fun in an exotic land seemed like a good idea , but the result was an uncomfortable jolt .
A profoundly unnecessary movie .
There 's little chemistry between the principal actors , Shia LaBeouf and Evan Rachel Wood , and it feels as if the makeup and hair departments have conspired to ensure that neither looks their best .
So devoted to conveying the irrational whimsy of new love that it 's overly irrational itself .

@highlight

Shia LaBeouf clearly relishes his role in Charlie Countryman , but his efforts ca n't salvage the movie 's shallow script and overstuffed direction .