Total failure . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LRB- The Great Wall -RRB- does n't prove how much China can spend on a movie , it proves how much China can waste on one .
... bask in the colors and movement and scope of Zhang Yimou 's visuals . You wo n't be sorry .
The Great Wall is ridiculously silly in the best way , mixing medieval battle movies , Chinese culture and sci-fi into a nonstop , action-packed romp .
This film is n't nearly as bad as the trailer makes it look . Zhang Yimou 's actioner The Great Wall turns out to be pretty entertaining -LRB- in a basic man-vs . - monster fashion -RRB- , beautiful to look at and not a white-man-as-savior embarrassment .
It may be dumb and absolutely predictable , but the visionary chops of its director are on full display , with an unexpectedly high focus on lengthy action sequences
The Great Wall is one of the seven wonders of the world . Director Zhang Yimou 's The Great Wall , however , is not .
The Great Wall does n't have a single dull moment , thanks to the visuals in 3D . But if you seek something deeper , beyond the spectacle of fantasy war movie tropes , this one 's quite forgettable .
The real acid test is your reaction to the sight of a pagoda-high pile of furious , computer-generated dragons . Bring it on ? Then The Great Wall might just be for you .
Spectacle alone is no longer enough to satisfy , and without a coherent story to support it , The Great Wall falls flat .
The Great Wall gives one of the world 's great visual filmmakers $ 150 million and an army of extras at his disposal , and he turns a monument into a playground .
My problem with The Great Wall is that it takes itself so seriously that it becomes hilarious .
Suffers from some inscrutable storytelling .
The most important takeaway of The Great Wall is that it does n't work : not as a defense system , and not as a film .
The flaw with The Great Wall is that it is n't fun .
The battle scenes are spectacularly choreographed , and the narrative hinges on a Westerner who shifts his own perspective from being self-centred to self-sacrificing .
The Great Wall 's unevenness is never more apparent than in its proliferation of less-than-engrossing subplots ...
Gloriously , fantastically stupid from beginning to end , Fifth Generation legend Zhang Yimou 's The Great Wall is also , you know , not terrible on the grand scale of terrible things .
Zhang 's moments of visual splendor-a battalion of hot-air balloonists , the queen-monster and her royal guard of fan-frilled monstrosities-are weighed down by a script and performances almost dutiful in their dullness .
The Great Wall is not a groundbreaking film by any means , but at least it 's fun
Special effects gurus are tasked with the rescue of a plot that is set adrift with moronic simplicity .
As ambitious as it is flat .
The real stars of this film are the Chinese actors . 28-year-old Jing Tian is wonderful as a female leader within the Order who commands a strong presence .
Director Zhang Yimou , the darling of art-house cinemas the world over , tries his hand at a fantasy adventure epic and achieves only low camp , albeit with his customary eye for brilliant color and striking tableaux .
A splashy , old-fashioned monster movie stupid enough to amuse audiences from any culture that enjoys watching folks fight giant lizards .
In these days when so-called resistance , from D.C. to the streets , uses dishonorable methods , The Great Wall offers a conscientious reminder of artistic principle , the respite of an aesthetically powerful comic book .
The battles are just CG nonsense . Bad CG nonsense . Besides being Lord of the Rings on a budget , what 's on-screen still feels very random .
With such a big canvas to lay such cliched material upon , The Great Wall really does feel like placing a Big Mac upon gold plated silverware .
Zhang 's enviable eye for color and composition is somewhat occluded by the gargantuan scale ; still , he finds beauty in the chaos -LRB- a climactic interior action sequence is splashed with rainbow beams from stained-glass windows -RRB- .
This should have been a much richer or at least exciting adventure .
The film feels so far removed from the Zhang I have grown up respecting that it feels like it is less his film and more the product of heavy Hollywood studio influencing .
Zhang is more interested in ceremonies than combat sequences . Ranks of soldiers in exotic uniforms march into position atop battlements , while both feast and funeral are played out as spectacles .
The movie is a muddled monster mash that 's as disappointing as it is insignificant , and I imagine as far as Yimou is concerned he 'll think twice before accepting another paycheck from Hollywood anytime soon .
A fairly goofy monster movie that manages to seem bloated even with a running time of less than 90 minutes .
-LSB- At first , -RSB- we learn the Great Wall of China was originally erected to protect the Chinese from marauding forces embodying the depths of human greed . Shortly afterward , we realize The Great Wall was made for precisely opposite reasons .
Ultimately , a handful of eye-popping Yimou flourishes ca n't compensate for filmmaking so line-toeing and occasionally cartoonish that it makes the idea of a wall between Hollywood and Chinese interests actually sound kinda great .
It 's too late to call The Great Wall an expensive failure , but it 's not likely to leave many satisfied viewers in its wake .
Everything is competent , but rarely impressive .
Zhang is all about the spectacle ... . He delivers this with gusto , unconcerned with whether the finer points of the narrative make sense .
Its epic imagery - the rows of soldiers , the rain of spears , the surging forces - is undercut by the Saturday-matinee cheesiness of the concept .
In other words , it 's another tedious special-effects-fest that has flimsy wisps of completely pat and predictable story blowing around interminable swaths of stuff that would 100 % kill people but does n't , and none of the characters are that interesting .
Whether it 's a case of miscasting is unclear , but without a willing hero to anchor this already dubious movie from start to finish , The Great Wall hits a brick wall .
Perhaps it 's a result of the different acting styles , although clunky dialogue is a more likely culprit , but the relationship between William and Lin Mae lacks any credible potency .
Accompanied by a truckload of alien intestines and yet another unlikely performance from Matt Damon , `` The Great Wall '' ca n't help but make a monster-sized impression .
The vision here is that of producers with eyes on box office and little concern for creativity .
Unfortunately , the sight and sound of `` The Great Wall '' are cheated of a better story to warrant the millions spent and the commitment of the filmmakers .
WALL is a big , blustery action-adventure flick in the classic mold , but with one exception . There 's no damsel in distress here . Instead , the winsome lady of the piece is a warrior with nerves of steel and no fear of heights . Kudos there .
The Great Wall is an atypical blockbuster that you will enjoy with pleasure . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A story without context , populated by boring characters that exist only as tools of a pedestrian plot and starred by the dullest Matt Damon . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Great Wall would be a bloated , cheap-looking , wholly synthetic mega-production no matter who acts in it .
The Great Wall is a visual stunner ... But this one 's a bloated , special-effects-heavy , supremely silly groaner , a leaden thing that 's almost wall-to-wall Lord of the Rings-influenced awful .
With different battalions arrayed in brightly coloured , beautifully constructed armour it 's as elegantly constructed a fantasy as anything Zhang has ever done .
Spectacular costumes and a literal cast of thousands , yet not a single , well-defined character in sight .
Be ready for a disappointment ... though it 's hard to come down too hard on any monster mash as pretty as this one .
`` The Great Wall '' is a movie that should be seen for the visuals it offers , the staging of the battle sequences , and the charm of Matt Damon .
If this is the future for motion pictures , god help us all .
Yet another shallow , mind-numbing and overproduced Hollywood B-movie masquerading as an A-movie . It 's the equivalent of watching a video game on a big screen .
From its swooping , acrobatic camerawork , to the fight scenes unfolding in eye-popping 3D , it 's easy to see where the money has been spent .
Mainly a special effects film .
All in all , it 's just another brick in the wall of cinematic stinkers .
It 's said that if you always expect the worst , you 're never disappointed .
What the movie offers in scale it lacks in substance , and it is so much , so relentlessly , that the initial escapist thrills become increasingly deadened .
The special effects are okay but not spectacular , the action and acting are decent but not noteworthy , and the story is n't terribly complex . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Of course this quintessentially Chinese story centers on a white guy with a capricious European accent .
To watch it is to be aware of how little movies this size have to do with art and how much they are product , the result of a calculation involving actorly appeal and spectacle , because spectacle , not story , has the ... most universal draw .
What we 're left with is something that tries to please two very different audiences , but will probably annoy both . But at least it sticks to the action and keeps the running time short .
An effective monster/action picture .
An all-clanking schlockbuster .
We 're going to build a wall . And we 're going to make the giant killer lizards from beneath the earth pay for it .
Damon 's wild-haired gringo claims to have soldiered under `` many flags , '' which would explain his shape-shifting accent that 's Irish except for when it sounds beamed from Mars .
What a bummer that all Chinese master Zhang Yimou and Hollywood star Matt Damon come up with is a B-level creature feature with delusions of grandeur .
This is a humongous movie built on flimsy foundations .
This big-budget adventure is an extreme exercise in spectacle over substance in which eye-popping visuals take precedence over narrative coherence .
Seldom in motion picture history has such stylish , visual bombast been forced to service such dumbed-down , subtly racist storytelling .
It is big . It is eye-popping . It is about China . And it is definitely about a legend . It also does n't have a single thought in its noggin , but it does have armies of toothy monsters .
As pure spectacle , The Great Wall is absolutely dazzling .
If you calibrate your expectations to `` monster movie for eight-year-olds , '' you may find some fun in this energetic and blissfully brief -LRB- a mere 103 minutes ! -RRB- tale of the Chinese army battling alien beasties in the Song Dynasty era .
Yes , Matt Damon stands out like a sore thumb , and no , he does n't ruin the film .
Zhang does an impressive job of staging the battles ... But there is barely a whiff of genuine transcendence in this grand-scale extravaganza .
Yimou 's trademark visuals are like watching a bag of Skittles that knows kung fu . There 's only a bit of that here , because now he has to make room for CGI monsters . This East-meets-West collaboration looks more like creative suffocation .
Regrettably , this groundbreaking co-production comes to less than the sum of its parts .
While the monster battles are undeniably entertaining , The Great Wall comes to a screeching halt whenever it focuses on the people . The characters are frustratingly paper-thin , as is the plot .
A well-paced action movie that does n't waste much time on preliminaries or explanations before plunging headlong into a prolonged , elaborately orchestrated fight against a horde of ghastly creatures .
... like a highly derivative -LRB- `` The Wizard of Oz '' and `` World War Z '' to name but two -RRB- video game , a silly goof of a movie with outstanding production design -LRB- John Myhre , `` X-Men : Days of Future Past '' -RRB- . It 's not very good , but it sure is entertaining .
The great Zhang Yimou provides spectacular pageantry . But the screenplay is the dregs . Re-watch The Black Rose instead .
The script , which seems like a William S. Burroughs copy and paste experiment , does n't give any of the thespians much room to work .
Yimou is a dazzler from way back in Asian cinema , but most Americans know him from all those drums and aerial dancers he directed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing . The Great Wall is pretty much the same thing with sharp fangs and less plot .
The Great Wall is an odd mashup of Hollywood monster blockbuster and sweeping Chinese fantasy epic .
Less a cross-cultural artistic collaboration than a corporate-driven commodity with a whiff of nationalistic propaganda ... That does n't make it worse than a typical Hollywood spectacle .
The most offensive thing about The Great Wall is that Zhang Yimou has managed to make something this ugly .
Massive sets , lavish costumes , outstanding special effects and a cast of thousands ca n't keep this wannabe epic fantasy from tumbling down .
In trying to please international tastes , this movie does n't have much personality of its own .
When mindless monsters could easily be replaced by human soldiers with the capacity and potential for real dramatic development , the monster ploy to generate box office interest is glaringly obvious .
Once you grant the film its fundamentally ridiculous premise , it becomes so much more enjoyable than some artful , respectable epic . It 's a B-movie - a mega-budgeted , multi-national Roger Corman production .
Action fantasy based on Chinese myths falls short .
What begins as a promising tale of adventure devolves into a sleepy grasp at historical fiction that wo n't land on anyone 's must-see list .
Dafoe , Damon and Pascal have no choice but to be undistinguished in their delivery of the wooden screenplay , yet another failed element in what is a dull , formulaic film .
Its real accomplishment is that , with so much money behind it and a true visionary at the helm , it manages to feel so dated .
The absurdity is what makes it such a hoot-and-a-half .
There 's nothing all that interesting about the human actors or their CGI enemies .
This epic , $ 150 million action/adventure/fantasy is a sumptuous visual spectacle ...
The Great Wall is unlike any American blockbuster you 've seen , a conservative movie with action set pieces that are actually inventive and thrilling enough to be worthwhile .
Damon is solid as usual but it 's an oddly impassive role , beyond fight scenes .
While there is certainly a flashiness to The Great Wall -- particularly expressed through a series of large-scale action sequences -- the most accurate adjective available to describe the blockbuster is dull .
The draw is spectacle and on that score director Yimou Zhang and his crew more than deliver .
For all the hype about it being an historic collaboration between the American and Chinese film industries , it is at heart a popcorn movie , designed to keep you at the edge of your seat . In this pursuit , -LSB- director Zhang Yimou -RSB- succeeds .
If you want to see Matt Damon fight Chinese monsters , then you 've come to the right place . If you 're looking for even just a little more depth or substance than that , then you should probably just keep on looking .
It plays like Warcraft meets The Last Samurai by way of Zack Snyder - but shockingly better than all that sounds .
Yimou 's wuxia flair meshes well with the grand Independence Day-style scope of the West
I somehow missed Nicolas Cage in this deliriously silly mess . But he 's in there somewhere ...
Yimou Zhang 's gift for visual imagery is always a pleasure to behold ... his eye for epic scale , pageantry , and battle is superb .
The Great Wall ? The Totally Ridiculous Wall is more like it .
Plain pure fun . At its best , it 's Lord of the Rings meets Aliens , with incredible imaginative grandeur and genuinely breathtaking 3D depth .
It 's the flat characters and cursory storytelling that let the project down .
It 's meant to play to as broad an audience as possible , so everything about it is spread thin , and its attempts at humor warrant light chuckles at best .
As a collaboration between Hollywood and China , The Great Wall is groundbreaking . For fans of Zhang Yimou it is more familiar fare .
A fantasy monster movie starring Matt Damon and a few hundred thousand digitally rendered dragons .
Carefully composed to provide an equally inoffensive balance for both the Chinese and American markets , ending up with the worst of both worlds .
Not just the most ostentatious cinematic tourism video since Baz Luhrmann 's Australia , but the first blockbuster movie to truly make sense -LRB- in a strange sort of way -RRB- during the Trump administration .
The movie says keeping monsters out is one of the legends of purpose of the Great Wall . Do n't Google , you wo n't find it . Not close to rocket science but fun if it 's your thing .
Legendary Chinese filmmaker Yimou Zhang 's The Great Wall is visually astounding and often quite funny , but Matt Damon is an attention-pulling , movie-disrupting miscast .
Zhang Yimou 's The Great Wall is a sleek monster film that befits the artistry of its director . It 's action packed , beautifully shot , and much more humorous than expected .
The Great Wall asks the cinematic question : Was the Great Wall of China really all that great before Matt Damon came along ?
Although -LSB- The Great Wall -RSB- boasts some fantastic visuals and rousing action ... it 's ultimately pretty forgettable .
In spite of the bored performers and generic script , the combination of beautiful shots and impressive visual effects does give the film some flair of originality .
It turns out to be little more than a monster movie -LRB- and a poor one at that -RRB- that says more about corporate-driven global moviemaking than anything about either culture .
You might call it The Not-Bad Wall . But as a showcase for Damon 's considerable talents , and as a canvas for the gifted Chinese director Zhang Yimou , this ostentatious mythical epic is n't quite the movie it should be .
The Great Wall proudly presents a barrage of battles you might want to see for the 3D ... but there is nothing scary or striking about the movie itself .
Visually , The Great Wall has some beautiful moments although nothing looks that original .
Think of the result as The 13th Warrior as remade by Leni Riefenstahl .
With a budget of $ 150 million The Great Wall is the most expensive co-production yet between America and China , but any hopes that it might foster a new spirit of cinematic co-operation are marred by its being , well , a bit rubbish .
Director Yimou is an amazing visual stylist and he delivers a few wonderfully outrageous sequences , but what we 're getting here is basically a pricey monster movie with uninteresting monsters , and -LSB- one-dimensional -RSB- human characters .
Lower your Matt Damon expectations and you 'll enjoy it .
Given that it had a huge budget as well as the combined expertise of Hollywood and China behind it , The Great Wall is a surprisingly primitive and clunky affair .
This is an often beautiful film , unmistakably the work of a great director but also a clearly compromised one .
Enjoyable nonsense .
The story is clearly the least important thing in this film of an unprecedented visual display , with colorful costumes and first-class special effects . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Tao Teis ' death agonies are as nothing to those of the film itself .
The Great Wall is absolutely big . It 's certainly dumb . But it 's not much fun .
Something bland and familiar to make the keening wail of the -LRB- beautiful -RRB- funeral ceremony a little less foreign , and the brightly color-coded armor of the Great Wall 's defenders a little less outlandish .
It does n't pretend to be anything more than the Saturday afternoon matinee that it is .
`` The Great Wall '' is poised to take a great fall , creating the kind of mess not seen since Humpty Dumpty sat on a similar structure .
The Great Wall is a big , dull undertaking about 12th century soldiers fighting hideous monsters . It 's some kind of sweeping historical fantasy/creature feature/cultural exercise/buddy picture mashup that never quite gets off the ground .
It may be a second-rate `` Lord of the Rings , '' but at least it does n't overstay its welcome .
While the stagiest sequences are visually impressive , much of the movie is not .
-LSB- It -RSB- is n't a bad idea for a fantasy , but the computer-generated monsters , like the film as a whole , are numbingly repetitive , and devoid of any power to move , scare or stir us .
Once the monsters are introduced , The Great Wall falls into formula .
Absolutely bonkers wild .
Disappointment reigns when you consider the gifts of this filmmaker .
`` The Great Wall '' has its crowd-pleasing pleasures . Yet as a team effort between the planet 's two largest movie markets , `` The Great Wall '' feels shoddily constructed . Surely , the hive mind of 1.3 billion Chinese and 320 million Americans can do better .
Zhang Yimou is one of China 's -LRB- indeed , the world 's -RRB- most esteemed directors , but with ` The Great Wall ' he proves that he can make a big-budget fiasco as junky as any Michael Bay behemoth .
The narrative is clumsy , and the monster scenes are ridiculous , but not ridiculous enough to be funny , just ridiculous enough to be boring .
painfully perfunctory
Set your expectations appropriately low and The Great Wall has plenty to offer .
The whole thing plays out as if it had been thought up by someone who , while watching `` Game of Thrones '' and smoking a bowl , started riffing on walls , China and production money .
It 's hard not to be cynical about this film .
The joys of the film are both visceral and subtle . The subtlety is in the interplay between Chinese and Western expectations , both for the characters and for audiences .
Yimou seems at a loss with what to do when crowding his movie with CGI monsters and actors like Damon and Pescal , who are charming and charismatic , but lack the martial arts skills of someone like Jet Li or Andy Lau .
It 's a fine distraction , very entertaining in spurts , and it 's a shame the production could n't dream up something more dramatically substantial to go with its creature feature ambitions .
Unfortunately , the gorgeous subtlety of Zhang 's mesmerizing style is carried off with the first wave of man-eating , green-blooded monsters .
With a slack script , cardboard acting and a sense of pandering to international movie markets , it feels dated and cheap .
A monster movie , a white savior movie , and an extremely tedious movie .
Will be best enjoyed on Saturday morning , served with Froot Loops .
If you just want a fun popcorn flick , The Great Wall is worth seeing on the big screen .
The Great Wall looks like it could be a really amazing video game . Alas , it 's a movie , and kind of a brick .
The Great Wall is like the disaster of 47 Ronin all over again , except the action is a bit more fantastically barbaric and Damon is n't all that bad himself .
Matt Damon is badly miscast in this silly period fantasy .
... Set design ... can not overcome a script so underwritten it makes its cast seem like it 's cosplaying instead of bringing characters and the story to life .
It 's less of a white savior trope than a story of a white American who realizes that China is super awesome .
So Chinese that American fans of the action genre may resist .
The Great Wall would probably be a lot more culturally offensive if it was n't such a complete trainwreck .
A beautiful spectacle that elicits giggles for how silly it is .
Like the myth that the real Great Wall can be seen from space , The Great Wall visibly crumbles into absurdity .
In an era in which Hollywood-China co-productions are going to become a more common occurrence , what 's so dispiriting about `` The Great Wall '' is that this dull oddity may just be a sign of things to come .
The palatial kitsch in Song Dynasty China is lavish . Even foreign mercenaries Matt Damon , Willem Dafoe and Pedro Pascal dress to kill .
There are lots of shots of creatures swarming up walls , like carnivorous cockroaches . There 's not a lot of conflict or character .
Damon is good value , his avuncular charm adding intimacy to what could have been an empty spectacle .
Cynical ... as bad as the trailers promised it would be .
This action-fantasy creature-feature speaks a cinematic Esperanto - inelegant , unidentifiable , with bits and pieces borrowed from here and there .
One thing The Great Wall gets absolutely right is the walliness , because watching it feels like repeatedly banging your head against one .
Let the sophisticates sneer , it 's spectacularly spiffing hooey .
The Great Wall is n't a great movie , but it will go down in history for issues that transcend the screen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Cracks inevitably appear in the entertainment prospects of The Great Wall due to its obligation to tell its story in two languages at the same time .
A dated , tired and underwritten fantasy ; cosplay history with an onslaught of battle scenes .
Visually , this fantasy film is both gorgeous and ugly .
`` The Great Wall '' looks great , living up to the promise of '' ` Starship Troopers ' only in Ancient China . ''
There are plenty of fun CGI monster-skewering scenes , but a clunky plot , rigid script and equally stiff acting make this a crumbling disappointment , if not quite a disaster .
I 'm not sure what I expected , but I certainly was n't expecting the Silk Road version of Edge of Tomorrow featuring giant Komodo Dragons .
Somewhere in this movie there 's an interesting story ; But the filmmakers ' tendency to give us an epic action movie sacrifices every attempt to find coherence and heart in this film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An entertaining film if you do n't have any other options , it will make you laugh for the wrong reasons and unfortunately it feels like a missed opportunity to create an intense movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A complete disappointment . Do n't waste your time and money . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An effective action and fantasy adventure , but it lacks historical depth . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film based on a laudable production design , a predictable story and medium-sized special effects . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Lavish colour-coded costumes , impeccable production design and nifty special effects make it eminently watchable , thanks in part to cinematographers Zhao Xiaoding and Stuart-Dryburg and the New Zealand-based Weta Workshop .
You can only surmise that there must have been a fat pay cheque for the Oscar-nominated actor to be a part of something so undercooked and soulless .
Donald Trump could learn a thing or two about walls from this ...
An epic spectacle of warfare , action sequences , and inventive weaponry , wrapped up in top notch cinematography and visual effects . . Only with a repetitive story at its core .
A battle sequence is never far away and motivations remain credible within the parameters of popcorn-movie silliness , played straight .
The Great Wall does not set out to be an insensitive film , it simply does not know how to put in the effort to not be one .
Not even acclaimed director Zhang Yimou , brought in for his prestige value , can save this attempt at Hollywood capitalism with Chinese characteristics .
The Great Wall , while big , brash , and achieving cross-cultural understanding on only the most basic level , shows the director 's flair for visual grandeur .
Simultaneously futuristic and historic , the visual spectacle carries the film , while Zhang manages to include plenty of promised `` Chinese elements '' , including a beautiful shot of traditional sky lanterns at one character 's funeral .
The Great Wall is easily the least interesting and involving blockbuster of the respective careers of both its director and star .
Zhang Yimou capably gives ... `` The Great Wall '' the look and feel of a Hollywood blockbuster , but his signature visual dazzle , his gift for depicting delicate relationships and throbbing passions are trampled by dead-serious epic aspirations .

@highlight

For a Yimou Zhang film featuring Matt Damon and Willem Dafoe battling ancient monsters , The Great Wall is neither as exciting nor as entertainingly bonkers as one might hope .