This fairly entertaining kiddie comedy is full of funny little asides and exchanges that keep the pace going .
Secret Of The Tomb -- not as good as the first movie , but not as bad as the second one either -- attempts to recapture the purposefulness of the original movie , where there was a sense of a quest .
If only we cared more , this might still be OK , but we do n't , thanks largely to a noticeable decline in the writing .
Despite its change of venue , `` Secret '' covers all the ground trod in the original but loses any sense of wonder .
Secret of the Tomb feels a little lightweight on the story end . Most of the narrative is pretty linear , and it feels even thinner than its 90-minute run time .
The feeling upon the closing credits is one of relief ; with the plot nicely tied up , hopefully Shawn Levy gets the hint and finally moves on to try new things with his career .
As if to make amends for the dubious ethics of the previous sequel -LRB- why did Ben Stiller get to decide ` his ' museum exhibits were more worthy of life than the ones in the Smithsonian ? -RRB- , this supposed series finale has something of a wised-up , elegiac tone .
You may not find many original moments in the corny humor of `` Night at the Museum : Secret of the Tomb . '' But , you will enjoy time spent with old friends in this third and final film in the series .
If you keep it busy enough , people wo n't notice how slapdash the plot is .
... sporadically entertaining yet ultimately disappointing ...
It 's hard to imagine a more wearied looking ensemble this year than these folks .
Liked the first two NATM films ? Then guess what ? Director Shawn Levy and his producers knew better than the mess with a formula that works and so have delivered more of the same ... Throwaway fun .
The core charm of the series has always revolved around fusty old museum exhibits coming to life after opening hours , and the novelty still has n't quite worn off .
The appearances of Robin Williams and Mickey Rooney -LRB- who have both since died -RRB- adds extra poignance to a film that pretty much follows the contours of its predecessors .
Larry and his crew head for London and more slightly laboured mayhem , with slapstick gags that seem designed for younger viewers .
I wept for for Teddy Roosevelt , Mr. Robin Williams . In one of his last screen appearances , there 's moments when it feels as though he 's saying goodbye to us .
The movie is dedicated to Robin Williams and Mickey Rooney -LRB- who also makes a return appearance -RRB- , which is n't a bad way for a franchise to go out .
A tepid , sedate , snoozy affair , giving none of its famous people in the supporting cast much to do at all .
Given the themes explored , and the potential in the enchantment coming to an abrupt end - this picture should be more poignant and heartfelt than what transpires .
`` We 're making a terrible mistake ! '' somebody yells during this sequel 's '30s prologue . What follows proves that dire prediction to be unfounded .
`` Night at the Museum '' was always the best when it was closest to complete anarchy , tapping into the zippy , good-natured malevolence of filmmakers like Joe Dante , but here that energy is gone , replaced by a kind of sleepy noncommittal attitude .
Send-off for an uber-bland family franchise that has never really embraced the anarchic spirit of its Toy Story-riffing high-concept .
An affectionate closer for the series - and two of its performers , Mickey Rooney and Robin Williams .
It 's all dumb , but fun .
Unfortunately , the Lancelot scenes are few and far between , leaving the rest of the picture to CGI displays , arcing streams of monkey urine , and false sentiment .
Somewhere amid the rictus grins of this cynical seasonal offering there lurks the spectre of the old-school variety show in which tradition demands that you applaud a string of famous people for simply turning up , rather than actually being any good .
It 's clear the Museum franchise is running on fumes . Tell that to Ben Stiller and Rebel Wilson .
Scrambled slapstick marks this bittersweet farewell to Robin Williams and Mickey Rooney .
`` Secret of the Tomb '' is pure fun with more than its share of surprises and action set-pieces ...
Night at the Museum : Secret of the Tomb is a fun enough trilogy-capper for every family or fan that has followed the series .
What began as a fun and unique high-concept comedy with 2006 's Night at the Museum is by this third installment bereft of life and creativity .
This really is a hopeless project that makes little of the original film 's few good ideas and adds no new ones worth enduring .
Mediocre action `` threequel '' is livened by stellar cast .
Even for the third entry in a family franchise , the construction is lazy to the point of indifference .
A bittersweet farewell to Robin Williams . Stiller is a hoot as Neanderthal Laa , and Dan Stevens ' Lancelot , a fugitive from Spamalot , is fun , too . If you think this is the end , you are mistaken .
Made from the `` kids-won ` t-care-how-badly-we-slapped-this-thing-together '' school of filmmaking .
I ca n't remember when a movie has surprised me as much as this one . I was so much not a fan of the first two but with new writers and a sparkling performance by Dan Stevens as Sir Lancelot it has lots of laugh out loud lines .
Now in its third instalment , it 's clearer than ever that this franchise is based on one joke that has been stretched far beyond the breaking point .
The best of the now three - I even laughed twice - and it 's the last time we 'll see Robin Williams or Mickey Rooney . Swan songs for great actors deserve better .
The movie itself is harmless and needless and would have been forgotten by the ages if it were n't for the fact that it gave us one last chance to remember something greater .
This film , like this franchise , was never going to be great -- but if you can get into its gee-whiz vibe and its mix of stonefaced deadpans and serious slapstick , you 're in for a movie you will appreciate and your kids will love .
I do n't think this latest installment of ` Night at the Museum ' signals it 's time for renovations . Rather , it 's more like the exhibit should be closed for good . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
This third installment 's VIP is ` Downton Abbey 's Dan Stevens , exhibiting a surprising knack for comedy as Sir Lancelot , but Stiller seems strangely enervated as Larry ... and Robin Williams , in his last screen appearance , barely there .
The antidote for too much smiling and happiness during the holiday season .
The exhibits in this `` Night at the Museum '' may still come to life nightly . But their latest movie stays stubbornly inert .
A surprisingly enjoyable , fitfully entertaining romp for all the family , with a satisfying gag count .
Funny , charming kiddie-flick fare .
There are some key elements that make this `` Night at the Museum '' sequel work better than its predecessor .
Like many a sequel that has exhausted its plot possibilities , Secret of the Tomb looks abroad to add color and culture .
With the exception of a winsomely sentimental denouement , this is exceedingly humdrum stuff .
Let the dust finally settle on these museum pieces .
This conclusive entry in the franchise has been rendered with skills , smarts and no small amount of heart .
In becoming what film industry bean-counters like to call a franchise , the Night At The Museum pictures have rather exhausted what , the first time out , in 2006 , was a fair-sized dollop of comic novelty and charm .
It 's kind of fun , unembarrassingly , and not least of all because the people who made it look like they had a good time doing so .
This final edition of Night of the Museum is not only a fitting end to the series . It is a sheer delight .
The series now brings chaos to real-life museum director Neil MacGregor 's London domain and along the way reveals what happens when characters from those disputed Parthenon bas-reliefs strut their funky stuff .
Not every movie merits a series , and not every series deserves a fond farewell .
It 's a shame there is n't some magic golden tablet that can bring dead scripts to life . A dose of energy and originality would have gone a long way toward making this tired and dusty story a little richer .
Instead of crafting a meaningful family comedy with some low level of educational integrity , Shawn Levy and his cohorts merely string together a series of sensational , kiddie-pleasing visuals .
Nice effects work , a relatively swift-moving narrative , sweet performances , and , by now , a well-worn premise prove inspiring this time out , and not deadening .
Assuming Wilson is n't being eyed as Stiller 's replacement -LRB- or are we starting rumors ? -RRB- , it 's satisfying to see this series ultimately shake off the relic dust and bow out with energy .
The good news : it 's a zippy 90 minutes . The bad news : way too many of those minutes involve a peeing monkey .
A diverting and , here and there , rather funny journey for the museum stalwart Larry and his menagerie of Teddy Roosevelt , a miniature Roman general , a Neanderthal , a capuchin monkey and others .
If you think that the only thing missing from the volcanic eruption in ancient Pompeii was a urinating monkey , you 're in luck .
Instead of celebrating history and its educational advantages , the Museum franchise treats the past like a patsy , robbing it of both its dignity and its meaning
Good-natured and entertainingly surreal ...
Ben Stiller , Steve Coogan , Owen Wilson , Ricky Gervais -- all of them were considered edgy when they first arrived on the scene , but for some performers an edge is just something you use to pry open the piggy bank .
Ben Stiller and crew go for the easy laughs , spackling the cracks in their armor with a cavalcade of marquee-name cameos and one dizzying action scene after another .
Granted , this series is primarily for kids , but nobody should feel dumber after watching a movie with `` museum '' in the title .
The film as a whole is still merely decent , but the bar has definitely been raised here .
Against the odds , perhaps , but part three injects a tiring franchise with new life and some surprisingly dark jokes .
Williams glows briefly in one of his final roles , but the overall magic feels dim .
Viewers aged ten or under can safely enter this latest Museum and have a good time . But those older had best be toting a tot or two .
Mainly for `` Night at the Museum '' diehards .
Other than some stock establishing shots of London , the British setting is wasted , as are Ben Kingsley and Ricky Gervais , who , at times , seem almost embarrassed to be caught on camera .
It 's a hectic pileup , this movie , but at least in its final laps it takes the time to say its goodbyes more or less properly .
`` Night at the Museum : Secret of the Tomb '' is a rather lackluster affair , a cash grab that tries to aim a little higher but confuses sappy shortcuts with real emotion .
For all the CGI whiz-bang and volumes of encyclopedia figures to play with , director Shawn Levy still has n't figured out how to make the proceedings exciting .
One does n't come to a movie of this sort expecting anybody 's best work . Or at least one certainly should n't , because it wo n't materialize .
Frankly , there is n't a whole lot about this scenario that is n't disturbing on some level .
Moments ... come close to realising the franchise 's much-grasped-at potential as timeless children 's entertainment .
What is unexpected is the depth of emotion of many of the situations ...
A rehash of old gags told with half the zip and a rather depressing send-off for two comedy legends .
There 's a serenity to museum visits , especially if it 's a place you know and love . `` Night at the Museum : Secret of the Tomb , '' amazingly , recaptures that feeling in big-studio franchise form .
More meh than manic , too reliant on wide shots of the ragtag Museum of Natural History cohorts striding down corridors .
Levy -- who directed all three movies -- just could n't muster up enough freshness to make this installment stand out from others .
Where the previous films felt frenetic and forced , this outing feels breezier , more enjoyable and less contrived .
Gen X avatar Stiller , having made his own way and found some peace , must now confront the fact that his son has his own plans for life and how to live it .
Secret of the Tomb will make a fine distraction for families looking for something to do after their holiday dinner .
Like your average gallery , Night at the Museum : Secret of the Tomb is the same tour you 've been on before , just with a few new visiting exhibits .
The third installment , Night at the Museum : Secret of the Tomb may be the best , and even the generally wound-too-tight Ben Stiller - once again playing a bemused Museum of Natural History guard - is easy to tolerate .
Manages to end the film with an emotional finale that closes out the series in a bittersweet manner .
Lacks the energy of the first two but should still please the kiddies . Still , the franchise seems to have run out of gas .
Three decent jokes , 97 minutes . A sad farewell for Robin Williams and Mickey Rooney .
In the end , `` Secret of the Tomb '' certainly was n't necessary , but its earnest goofiness is hard to resist .
On the evidence of this outing , it 's probably best to put the franchise in permanent storage .
Franchise Fred approves .
It 's breezy , big-hearted , fitfully amusing and mildly educational . If this is your ten-year-old 's movie franchise of choice , you 're probably on to a good thing .
This third and supposedly final edition in the franchise is nothing more than an uncomfortably transparent contractual obligation .
Night at the Museum : Secret of the Tomb is so laboured and lousy it makes you want to punch yourself in the face .
The most worthy figure from British history the writers can think to reincarnate is - wait for it - Sir Lancelot .
A zippy script injects renewed life to the Museum franchise , offering a crowd-pleasing mix of inventive ideas , quirky humour and impressive visual effects to its star-studded cast
Because when young children go to see a movie about dinosaur skeletons and a capuchin monkey who come alive at night in a museum , what they really want is to hear a divorced dad nagging his teen son about the value of an education .
A pretty scattershot family adventure that nevertheless delivers enough emotional warmth and impressive eye candy to justify its place in the holiday season line-up .
An altogether satisfying end to a series that has been vastly more entertaining than it had any reason to be .
Time to hang up the `` Closed for Renovation '' sign .


@highlight

While not without its moments , Night at the Museum : Secret of the Tomb is a less-than-inspired sendoff for the trilogy .