There are two ways to look at the big-screen adaptation of The Honeymooners - as an adaptation of the show , and as a film in it 's own right . Either way it 's a film that occasionally works , but never manages more than that .
The script -LRB- credited to four screenwriters -RRB- uses a plethora of already-dated urban inside humor that reeks of pandering .
A disconnected series of skits and one-liners likely to satisfy children while only infuriating nostalgic adults in search of the magic of the Fifties sitcom .
A stroll down sitcom memory lane in name only , The Honeymooners seems as if any resemblance to the original TV classic could only be accidental .
Fans of the original series probably wo n't care for it , and the rest of us could probably get the same kind of entertainment in our living rooms , for free .
Even if one were willing to overlook the fact that The Honeymooners is virtually nothing like the show that supposedly inspired it , the film would still come off as an unnaturally prolonged , second-rate UPN sitcom .
It could be part-autobiographical for director John Schultz who blunders through a tediously half-baked plot and fails to make it pay off .
Silly remake , but not the worst of the year
Alas , there 's not a hint of creativity or wit here .
Bland , disappointing - quickly forgettable and regrettable
`` The Honeymooners '' is a good-natured movie that 's not so much a remake as a nod to the old television series .
If we can recast Jackie Gleason 's signature role of Ralph Kramden with Cedric the , ahem , `` Entertainer , '' why not Jim Carrey as Cliff Huxtable in `` The Cosby Show Movie '' ?
Cedric the Entertainer inhabits Kramden 's role comfortably , but there 's no rage or bite in his acting .
I have some real affection for The Honeymooners because I liked the core cast so much . I just wish that everything else was on the same level .
The concept alone is misguided , awkward , and distracting . The plot is no improvement .
The comedy wannabe has the lamest , most predictable banter of any recent movie .
Four screenwriters , including veteran TV producer Danny Jacobson , have cobbled together a script so rickety that it could itself pass as one of Ralph Kramden 's harebrained get-rich schemes .
Rather than putting a modern stamp on a reliable product , The Honeymooners renders one of the most distinctive formulas in television history entirely anonymous .
Cedric The Entertainer is a smart , charismatic guy , but those qualities are MIA in The Honeymooners . The movie does n't deserve him .
I found the movie to be sweet and heartwarming .
Forget Gleason 's `` To the moon , Alice '' catchphrase : `` To the video bargain bin '' is more like it .
More a 2005 appreciation of the series than anything else , and one that is wisely tailored to its cast members , who manage to make their characters charming and likable .
It has charm . That 's enough to make it tolerable , while still being firmly rooted as just a big screen sitcom .
The real problem is that the Kramdens ' precarious financial situation , which gave the original its poignant frisson , is sidestepped .
The 21st-century incarnation of the classic show is an unfocused mess that 's caught somewhere between paying tribute to its predecessor and carving a niche of its own .
Thank God Jackie Gleason and Art Carney died before they could see this .
Disastrous Honeymooners . Feature remake of series embarrassing .
I like the cast . They 're very talented , they 're really funny , they have a dreadful script to work with .
So ordinary it is headed for a quickie divorce from the audience
The Honeymooners is as unnecessary a remake as one might fear , but we 've seen plenty of worse TV to film translations
Feels like watching an hour and a half block of a sitcom - one half hour is really funny , another good for a few laughs and the other the one you could catch in reruns .
They should have just dug up three scripts from the old shows , stapled them together and turned that in for their screenplay . Instead , we 're stuck with a shapeless mass .
Is it acceptable if we skipped this particular honeymoon and head right over to the divorce settlement instead ?
Mr. the Entertainer ends up channeling the Carl Winslow character from TV 's `` Family Matters '' .
This is n't the worst movie of the year -- it is n't even the worst comedy of the year -- but it may be one of the blandest .
I found the crazy schemes hatched by this new Kramden/Norton duo very funny indeed .
Deserves to be sent straight to the moon .
The -LRB- remake -RRB- honeymoon is over , people ; if more movies like this come out , I may ask for a divorce from the whole medium .
John Leguizamo steals the show as its sleazy trainer -- not that there 's much to steal from John Schultz 's joylessly schematic paycheck .
It does n't fail because of its concept or casting ; it fails because the film is as flat as the paper the script was printed on .
There 's plenty of space up there for a colony of mediocre filmmakers . That 's right , folks . To the moon . Bang ! Zoom !
Blame it all on the Bad Guys , those Hollywood suits who think by committee and never met a focus group they did n't like . This is product , pure and simple .
When a performer as sharp as Cedric the Entertainer is reduced to funny fat-guy shtick , you know you 're in the presence of grinding mediocrity .
The lunar destination aims far too high . This misbegotten movie heads straight for the dogs and the sewer , literally so .
Cedric the Entertainer comes close to sharing Gleason 's gift for , well , entertaining . He 's the biggest reason this version of The Honeymooners is such an amusing surprise .
Cannibalizing old programs has become a reflex action in Tinseltown , and as a result , audience expectations are low . It must be hard to resist the temptation to live down to them .
Jackie Gleason 's Ralph Kramden was a powder keg . Cedric the Entertainer 's Ralph Kramden is a cream puff .
Remaking The Honeymooners is as lame-brain an idea as any scheme cooked up by Ralph Kramden .
Could Cedric have pulled it off with a better script ? We 'll never know , because there will not be a sequel .
The gags in this do n't just feel played . They 're exhausted .
The funny stuff is too scattered to forgive the buffoonish storyline .
A bland , dull and only occasionally funny waste of time that will very soon be gathering dust in the remainder bins .
The honeymoon is over .
There is no reason for it to exist other than cashing in on a brand name . There are new ideas here . Scratch that : There are no ideas here , period .
Never rises above the level of a Friday night network sitcom .
How sweet it is ? Uh , no .
Some things have ` bad idea ' written all over them .
Why ? Why would someone do this ? How did we get here , watching mediocre remakes of classic 1950s sitcoms ? What is the meaning of it all ? Does cinema have a purpose beyond supporting the theater-concessions industry ?
If not for a few interludes of lively riffing by John Leguizamo , playing a dog trainer and all-around hustler named Dodge , there would be nothing funny about any of this .
Straight to the moon ? Um , more like right to the video store .
-LSB- Has -RSB- a script that never answers a key question : Why does this movie exist ?
There have been funnier comedies . But there also have been far worse reasons to make a movie . Or remake a sitcom .
Since The Honeymooners is not a respectful tribute to the original , nor does it stand on its own , a beloved piece of American entertainment has officially been besmirched .
The best thing that can be said about the new Honeymooners is that it respects its elders : It plays like an episode of the show . The worst thing is that it plays like an episode of the show .
It 's as if the movie is half Honeymooners remake and half typical weak comedy , which does n't add up to a whole lot of anything .
It 's not as bad as the average Hollywood movie , it 's stupendously worse .
Alice is distracted rather than strong and patient , and Trixie is reduced to `` Alice 's friend . ''
There are some decent laughs , but the overall package is not good enough to recommend a trip to the theatre .
... the end result seems made by people who have no concept of what made the original work .
In one of The Honeymooners ' more credible scenes , the New York Mets win the World Series over the Detroit Tigers .
Cedric the Entertainer is a funny man , but he is n't Jackie Gleason , and anyone who is n't Jackie Gleason has no business playing Ralph Kramden .
Maybe my memory is a little hazy , but I fail to remember any booger jokes or gas siphoning gags in the Gleeson creation
The Honeymooners , though not bad , is hardly ever good , either .
You feel so little for the characters ... the stakes feel so small .
... do n't expect any spousal abuse in the mushy , pedestrian and totally unnecessary big-screen version of The Honeymooners .
Cedric does n't display his usual flair and energy .
A big-thinking schemer and dreamer like Ralph Kramden was amusing in the quaint days of 1955 . In 2005 , he comes off like a moron .
Just funny enough to mollify purists and amuse the uninitiated .
Cedric and Epps have none of the team chemistry Gleason shared with Art Carney , and Epps ' Norton displays none of Carney 's eccentricities .
It 's not a complete travesty . At the same time , it 's nothing at all special .
The movie falls into a quickly boring pattern : Ralph does something boneheaded . Ed says something stupid and falls down . Alice becomes exasperated with Ralph . Repeat .
It 's as if whenever The Honeymooners comes close to delivering on a funny idea , the movie runs screaming in the opposite direction .
A tasteless comedy rife with bad slapstick , dull humor and a host of unpleasant characters .
The real question is whether we like these people . To my surprise , the answer is yes .
A surprise and a delight , a movie that escapes the fate of weary TV retreads and creates characters that remember the originals , yes , but also stand on their own .
Superfluous though it may be , The Honeymooners is not so bad .
Though the patterns are there , the laughs are n't , mostly because the writing is so lazy and formulaic .
This laughless attempt to modernize the Kramdens and Nortons is somewhat akin to sacrilege , as it waters down the characters and strips them of their unforgettable quirks and tics .
Not only an insult to the original , it should be shown at film schools as proof of how pointless a movie can be .
Pratfalls into the pit between reinvention and homage , then wallows there in a muck of trite situations and half-baked characterizations .
A lackluster affair , devoid of laughs and just about anything else one might construe as entertainment .
Likely to elicit a request for a quick annulment .
The script is no better than it has to be , and the movie does n't stretch anyone 's talents , but it 's as efficiently entertaining as a classic record by the Spinners .
It 's an affront to our memories of the classic series , but the more serious crime is the poor use it makes of five supremely talented performers .
What The Honeymooners does well , it does very well . The trouble is , it does n't do enough of what it does well .
This is a honeymoon trip worth taking .
A get-rich-quick picture about a guy with get-rich-quick dreams . The moon may shine high over Ralph Kramden 's New York City , but sights are set depressingly low in the studio schemes of Hollywood .
A couple of bursts of inspired physical comedy notwithstanding , the normally unflappable Cedric -LRB- who also executive-produced -RRB- goes through the film plastered with a how 'd - I-get-myself-into-this look on his face -- as does the audience .
-LSB- S -RSB- o self-consciously strain -LSB- s -RSB- for yucks that it abandons all semblance of storytelling logic so that it can get to a brutally unfunny joke ...
Like many a honeymoon , this falls short of expectations .
Unless you 're related to one of the actors , there is absolutely no reason to see The Honeymooners .
... just another fat sitcom loser who never changes and his young , gorgeous , savvy wife who apparently does n't have the self-respect to dump the schmuck .
So ... why remake this , again ?
I 've seen lots of horrible movies this year . I ca n't imagine them getting any worse than this .







@highlight

This pointless remake of the classic TV series only offers generic characters and gags .