Oristrell stages funny , madcap scenes around bondage , cross-dressing and incest .
The film is sustained effortlessly by the charismatic Watling and Tosar , who are among Spain 's most popular movie stars .
Laboring in the wide shadow of Almodóvar and lacking much in the way of visual distinction , Unconscious compensates with its cast 's full-tilt commitment to rip-snorting farce .
-LSB- Billy -RSB- Wilder would have loved this razor-timed , feather-light comedy set in sexually repressed 1913 Spain .
Oristrell is a modern day Woody Allen , although with a better sense of rhythm and naughty buffoonery . You 'll laugh from corners of your subconscious you did n't know you had .
When it is good it is very , very good , and when it 's not it 's mediocre .
Everything you always wanted to know about sex , and then some . A bawdy , early Woody Allen-esque slapstick comedy !
Film is ultimately unsure of what it wants to say about modernity , psychoanalysis and all it liberates .
The comedy is too broad , lacking the subtlety that the film 's high-brow intentions require .
The Freudian farce Unconscious is paced so breathlessly that it keeps you panting to keep up with each new plot twist .
Even with nothing more redeeming than a lot of good one-liners , Unconscious has a charm that your ego , superego and id can all enjoy .
Are the Spanish the only ones these days able to make movie comedies that are smart , sexy , wacky and graceful all at once ?
The movie 's message is clear : Freud 's greatest contribution to society was not the idea that all little boys long to sleep with their mothers -- rather , it 's the concept of the unconscious , a hidden place where our secret desires yearn to be free .
The film is so opulently and noisily aestheticized it gives the illusion of being smarter than it is , though it benefits from some endearing performances .
one of the most visually stunning and original movies to come along in a while .
Spanish writer/director Joaquin Oristell brings 2006 to a mostly delightful close with Unconscious , a clever and sweetly risqué period farce brimming with frothy charm and tongue-in-cheek wit .
-LSB- Director Joaquin -RSB- Oristrell 's comedic sense only seems to succeed in spurts , and he often burdens the proceedings with a theatrical and contrived air that undermines the humor .
If necessary , just see it twice : Read it the first time , watch it the second .
With a little more sex and a little more comedy , this one could have really been something .
Played to the hilt by an inspired cast , this may not be the most subtle comedy ever made , but it has an impudence and an energy that atones for its occasional resort to contrivance and cheap gags .
Unconscious is relentlessly wacky but robustly performed ...
We should be thankful for the wit and style of Joaquín Oristrell 's film .
A well-observed , sideways portrait of the day , Unconscious is a little gem .
As unpredictable and comic as the best of Oscar Wilde 's plays .
A distinctive , sharp-witted and good-looking period comedy .


@highlight

A comedy that tackles outrageous subjects -LRB- pornography , transvestism , bisexuality and drug abuse -RRB- with both grace and mischievous glee .