There 's a breeziness to the storytelling , one that delights in the tale rather than succumbing to its gravity-but that also works against it .
The other-and possibly greater-Capote pic about the geneiss of In Cold Blood
Better than Capote
This worthy second biopic of Truman Capote starts not with a bloodbath , but a cocktail .
Toby Jones ' uncanny portrayal of the short , effeminate writer with the funny voice , gives the film its credibility and compassion .
Only Sandra Bullock shines as Harper Lee .
Poor Toby Jones . In any other year , his work as Truman Capote would be in immediate awards contention .
With dyed hair and tattoos , Craig nails the incredible complexity of a man who juggles gentleness with violence . The relationship between Capote and Perry is overtly moving and there was a big lump in my throat as the final chapters played out .
Why not accept Sandra Bullock as Harper Lee ? As it turns out , she 's quietly terrific . Most of the supporting actors are .
Infamous does n't feel like a remake . While it covers the same ground , the pitch is completely different . Where Capote was cool , distant and even antiseptic , Infamous is warmer and more emotionally fulfilling .
Una aproximación más bien superficial y declamatoria a Truman Capote y su investigación previa a A Sangre Fría . En comparación , la versión de 2005 sale mucho mejor parada .
In a solid , unshowy turn by Bullock , a very underrated actress , as Harper Lee -LRB- plainly a co-creator of the landmark book -RRB- , and you have a compellingly watchable portrait of the artist as an emotional cripple . Not to be missed .
To recreate the gossipy Manhattan arena that Capote navigated with such ease and documented with such malice , you need dialogue that rings like scatter-shot and the film 's script , written by its director Douglas McGrath , does n't have it .
Revela-se não somente desonesto , como decepcionantemente repulsivo .
`` About cold blooded media seduction , and an ironic reflection of how class differences in this country seal the opposing fates of individuals . ''
The triad of performances by Toby Jones , Sandra Bullock and Daniel Craig keep it on its feet , but after a certain point it 's stumbling aimlessly .
For this film , it 's the little pleasures -- such as scenes of Capote writing and pages from legal pads stacked in rows -- rather than the overall feeling and being engaged by it the entire time , which is a bit hard to do .
Often confronts a far-from-light subject , but its glamorous characters and occasional levity are fun .
Suffers from the recent and lingering memory of the superior Capote .
... more direct , perhaps more revealing , and certainly more graphic than the earlier Capote film .
Toby Jones defies the odds with an extraordinary impersonation of the author in Douglas McGrath 's Infamous .
Toby Jones 's impersonation of Truman Capote is as uncannily accurate as Philip Seymour Hoffman 's and even more camp .
British actor Toby Jones plays Capote and certainly looks the part -- more so than Hoffman . It 's a very good performance and Jones deserves his time in the spotlight .
On its own terms , this is an elegant , stimulating homage to a singular talent . Compared to Capote , though , it ca n't help but feel wanting .
A strange one this - Capote is a superior picture but Toby Jones is the superior Capote .
Nicely tense and intriguing , packed with fine performances .
-LSB- Toby Jones -RSB- perfectly captured the voice , the mannerisms and the presence of the author in a richer and deeper manner than I felt Hoffman had in CAPOTE .
While less beguiling than Capote , Infamous remains a soulful and searching portrayal of the writer , carried with immense charm and vivacity by its leading man .
Tugs at the heartstrings , chills to the bone .
Last year , in my review of `` Capote , '' I boldly declared that Philip Seymour Hoffman would win the Oscar . He did . I 'm not going to make that same claim for Jones ... Instead I 'll keep my fingers crossed that come nomination day Jones ' name is called .
-LSB- Covering -RSB- the same period of the author 's life as Bennett Miller 's Capote ... , Infamous is not only the more entertaining movie , it 's the more sophisticated , and the more emotional , as well .
Pity the poor filmmaker who gets there second .
This movie is full of subtle little gems that seem so small and mean so much and they all add up to one powerful film that should n't be missed .
It its another ` Truman ' show you want , Infamous certainly will fill you up .
Why did they go ahead anyway ? Did they believe that an immense Capote audience was hungering for two films about him ?
About a hundred times better than its famous predecessor .
... a good enough movie rendered utterly superfluous by last year 's Capote .
Infamous successfully captures a sense of the loneliness of a writer 's life .
All that was painted grey in Capote becomes black-and-white here .
`` Infamous '' ' powerhouse casting does n't add much , since most of the big names -- Sigourney Weaver , Gwyneth Paltrow , Isabella Rossellini , Hope Davis , Juliet Stevenson , and director Peter Bogdanovich -- serve as little more than window dressing .
Impressively made , brilliantly acted and superbly written , this covers the same ground as Capote but comes at the story from a slightly different angle .
The film is as strangely unfocused as its title is . Several of the artistic decisions weaken the film . A good performance by Daniel Craig is perhaps the film 's major asset .
Infamous is a thoughtful , emotional and oftentimes hysterical re-telling of Truman Capote 's life-altering experience in Kansas . It might actually be better than that other Capote movie .
Tru or false : Toby Jones ' letter-perfect performance as Truman Capote is better than Philip Seymour Hoffman 's Oscar-winning turn in Capote . All things being equal , I 'd vote for Jones , despite what has to be considered a case of bloody bad timing .
Coupled with `` Capote , '' `` Infamous '' offers a unique opportunity to see the same background story interpreted by two disparate filmmakers .
Two good films about one subject -LSB- are -RSB- much better than a lot of bad films about different things .
Jones gets everything -- the gestures , the generosity , the mean streak , the bending of the ear to recitals of woe , whether across a lunch table or a prison cell .
As ambitious as it is , Infamous falters in execution too often to create a lasting impression .
All in all , it 's a decent film . I still prefer ` Capote ' , though this film is worth a look .
While both films cover much the same ground , the performances of the lead actors are most interesting to contrast .
Infamous actually fixes what I did n't like about Capote , yet goes in a direction different from the one I did like in the other film .
Held back a year to allow Capote time to cool off , Infamous continues the Truman show by giving us a sharper , more elfin writer in his prime , and focusing more fully on his odd and ultimately wounding relationship with a convicted killer .
Jones , a little-known character actor taking a major leap in name recognition with one of the finest performances of the year , could easily make it back-to-back Oscar nominations for Capote as a character .
Toby Jones offers an impressive and believable performance as Capote , one that reflects more of the real author in all his flamboyance .
A bristly , jazzy tone and a perceptive script that plays on the characters ' flamboyance .
Jones is definitely worth a look , but Infamous , while not a bad film , does suffer in comparison .
Just as good as the other version .
In the most serious scenes ... , Jones ' mincing mannerisms are a distraction .
With a bit more discipline , McGrath 's wide-ranging film would be the equal of its more straightforward , older brother , but Infamous ' many charms deserve their own moment in the sun .
Wittier , more descriptive and definitely more emotionally engaging than Futterman 's , there 's plenty here to cheer about .
Daniel Craig 's performance is of young-Brando intensity , and a Supporting Actor nomination would be this movie 's most credible shot at duplicating Capote 's Oscar glory .
Having to sit through the exact same story was a little easier the second time ... Sort of like the Psycho remake . Different actors , an extra sexual act but the exact same sequence of events .
A career-defining role for -LRB- Toby -RRB- Jones , one that will wither beneath the shadow of Philip Seymour Hoffman 's Oscar-winning turn .
The problem with Infamous is n't that it revisits Capote 's turf -- it 's that it does the same things well , and leaves the same unsatisfying holes .
Both -LSB- films -RSB- feature a cast of characters who are truly stranger than fiction and raise questions about the packaging of real-life events that resonate more powerfully than ever in the infotainment age .
The film benefits from three splendid performances : Toby Jones as Capote , an aggressively gay elf exuding a tosspot charm ; Sandra Bullock as Nelle Harper Lee , a novelist who uses spoken words with quiet precision , and Daniel Craig as Perry .
It 's a stellar cast , but you ca n't help but lament the bad timing .
No matter how noble the competitor , coming in second in a contest always feels like a lesser effort .
Infamous is quietly stolen by Sandra Bullock as Harper Lee .
-LSB- With Hoffman -RSB- , it was easy to see Capote as someone truly extraordinary , perhaps a genius . Toby Jones ... does n't have that quality , though he does offer something almost as good : Watching him it 's easy to believe he 's really Truman Capote .
In this truth game , Capote is an ace and Infamous is a compelling queen , both in play for high stakes with In Cold Blood and Richard Brooks ' scary 1967 film of it .
Bullock offers impressive , restrained support that gives the sometimes flighty film a necessary emotional anchor .
Capote received many accolades ; Infamous deserves many more .
If Woody Allen is right and 90 percent of life is showing up , then the other 10 percent is showing up on time . Which brings us to the badly timed Infamous .
Infamous covers just enough new ground to be interesting , but it will always suffer by comparison .
The coincidence of these two films -- and the marked difference between them -- gives us a chance to engage in comparative cinematic criticism in a way rarely afforded since the three near-simultaneous TV movies about Long Island Lolita Amy Fisher .
Even judged on its own , though , McGrath 's movie feels slightly misjudged .
Jones wears the title role so well that you simply forget he 's acting , which was n't true of Philip Seymour Hoffman last year when he gave a performance that deserved its Oscar . If Jones fails to pick up an Oscar nomination , he should pitch a hissy .
British actor Toby Jones is so physically right in the role , you 'll think Capote is playing himself .
When Infamous is on , it 's really on . It 's much more celebratory of Capote 's unequaled , larger-than-life spirit , which can be a joy to watch .
It 's a movie that deserves to be considered not just in comparison to the excellent `` Capote , '' but on its own merits , which are substantial .
-LSB- It -RSB- makes for a warmer movie about stone-cold killers and the sometimes icy realms of the upper crust . So does Sandra Bullock 's more active , sometimes contentious portrayal of Harper Lee .
Whatever minor quibbles one may have with this film , there is no getting around the excellence of Jones ' performance . It 's flabbergasting .
Q : Did we need two Truman Capote movies ? A : Yes . Actually , we probably need more .
Unlike its coolly detached brother , Infamous is right in your face , as amusing in flashes , and annoying for stretches , as any shallow little tyke .
Infamous is a well-made movie about a fascinating character , and if it were n't essentially a repeat of last year 's Capote it would likely be one of the hot flicks in filmdom right now .
McGrath focuses on Capote 's own divided soul , where massive insecurity co-exists with great courage .
In the early going , Infamous can be generously entertaining and quite funny . But McGrath gradually blends serious ingredients into this comic souffle of chatter and gloss .
Infamous is one of the funniest sad movies in recent memory .
What begins as a mischievous frolic gradually becomes a sad tale about a sad man .
In the end , Infamous turns out to be the third-best movie built around the murders of the Clutter family of Holcomb , Kan. , in 1959 .
Ultimately , as a cautionary tale about fictionalized journalism , it 's a clear case of the pot calling the kettle black .
Rarely do battling productions -- these two were shot mere months apart -- result in equally valid films , but that 's the case here .
Resembles a Vanity Fair version of ` Hollywood Squares , ' with the mincing Toby Jones doing his best Paul Lynde in the center square role of Capote .
Not since Valmont followed on the heels of Dangerous Liaisons has there been such a fascinating compare/contrast double feature .
comes across as a soulless extended sketch
Both films can and should be valued equally .
the folks with Capote got their movie out there first , while everyone associated with Infamous spends a lifetime shaking like Mel Gibson getting the DT 's in rehab every time the comparisons start .
The picture gives off a tone of arch stylization that plays as artificial , overwrought and off-putting .
Should have come first for it would have been a perfect example for screenwriting students to see the difference between a first draft and a finished product .
-LSB- Jones -RSB- is remarkably convincing , but the depth of his portrayal is limited by the material . That is , if the tragedy in Capote was austere , here it 's sentimental .
even without comparisons to Capote , Infamous is not particularly good .
A riveting , well-made picture for the few of you who still remember those quaint , antiquarian objects called ` books ' and recall the vanished age when they were really important .
We see Capote 's charm in Infamous , which is a witty , heartfelt attempt to understand his contradictions rather than a condemnation of them .
Too broad to be a truly great film , but it does cheerily give lie to the assumption that the limits of Capote meant there was no reason to rehash this same story .
Infamous is a fair telling of Capote 's years of obsession over Perry Smith and Dick Hickock , his book and their fate .
Though it 's not likely to save the movie from oblivion , British actor Toby Jones also is quite convincing as Capote .
... does have some things going for it , beginning with Sandra Bullock 's terrific portrayal of `` Mockingbird '' author Harper Lee ...
Bullock 's warm , wise and penetrating presence as the To Kill a Mockingbird author -- Capote childhood friend , assistant and conscience -- is the soul of McGrath 's sumptuously art-directed -LRB- by Judy Becker -RRB- and scored -LRB- by Rachel Portman -RRB- film .
Infamous is n't able to convey the great sense of guilt and responsibility Capote wrestled with -- he needed a man who trusted him to die in order to finish his book -- becoming instead a more superficial and pedestrian tale of doomed love .
Writer-director Douglas McGrath ca n't decide whether to maintain a comic or tragic tone and falls on his face halfway between them .
I walked out of Infamous and across the street into a bookstore , where I purchased both Plimpton 's book and Gerald Clarke 's biography , which served as the basis for Capote . Clearly , the fascination has not yet been quelled .
A freewheeling , effervescent and unpredictable take on a now-predictable story , Infamous not only trumps Miller 's film as a mood piece but generates plenty of oddball humor and superb period detail to make it one of the year 's best movies .
Far from vanishing in its predecessor 's wake , Infamous demonstrates how a potent story can inspire distinctly different interpretations .
While Infamous does suffer in comparison -LSB- to Capote -RSB- , any real complaints end there .
If the cogs of the movie-making machine are going to keep turning out the exact same movie , why do I have to write up a whole new review ?
Toby Jones , the British actor with the impossible task of following an Oscar winner , gives a stellar , idiosyncratic performance as Capote .
Jones has a few moments of resonant pathos near the end and the film is entertaining enough .
It 's a literate and meticulously argued film in its own right , but one that would be best appreciated by those who missed the first one .
There is no reason to choose between Bennett Miller 's Capote , which came out almost exactly a year ago , and Douglas McGrath 's Infamous , which opens today ... Both stand out above the biopic pack .
It 's tough following Hoffman 's Oscar-winning turn , but with his slight stature and fey manner , Jones makes quite a convincing Capote .
Whereas Capote was cold and atmospheric and almost surgical in its storytelling , Infamous is told in a more accessible and emotionally gratifying manner .
McGrath and Jones ca n't match the intensity of the earlier film or actor ... but their knowingly glib , facile tone makes for an entertaining , occasionally bitter , night out .
This is one of the best films of 2006 so far , and , ironic as it may sound , will be even better appreciated by those who also loved last year 's film .
It 's the one closest in spirit to Capote himself , the fabulist whose very conception of In Cold Blood as a ` nonfiction novel ' stemmed from the wisdom that reality is rarely as tantalizing as fantasy .
By the end ... Infamous more or less finds itself , after trying a little bit of everything .
Once he gets to the Midwest , the movie 's arch tone becomes tiresome and , more importantly , out of place .
Enough , already ! How many more times are we going to have to see this story onscreen ? Each time it gets worse , and this is so bad it makes 118 minutes seem like 118 hours .
Should not be blamed for unfortunate timing but commended for looking at the subject in a different , deeper way .
Toby Jones is quite good as Truman , even if he does n't provide as many psychological shadings to his portrayal as Philip Seymour Hoffman did in his Oscar-winning turn .
Infamous is infinitely fascinating , cinematically breathtaking and largely impeccable .
... the lip-lock between Jones and Craig is the movie 's kiss of death .
A goggly interest in gossip becomes the glittering gimmick of Infamous , as well as its undoing as a work that can measure up to the rigorous , sophisticated understatement of Bennett Miller 's Capote .
If you ever wondered what Capote might be like as a comedy ... offers another entertaining side to the same story .
Capote Lite ... a distant also-ran . With Miller 's film still fresh in the memory , it pales into insignificance .
Toby Jones 's Capote is never anything more than a silly buffoon , who does n't appear to have a brain in his head . His Capote appears incapable of any literary accomplishment .
Capote was at times cool and antiseptic , but Infamous is warmer and more emotionally satisfying .
Authentic . Not the snotty , consumer version of Hoffman 's `` Capote . ''
It ca n't withstand the comparisons -LSB- to Capote -RSB- . It 's good , especially during its first half , just not good enough .
Neither movie -LSB- about Capote -RSB- gives you the whole picture , but it 's fun to see them both and rearrange the pieces in your head .
Cunningly emphasizes the vast distinction between the idle rich and the drama 's plainspoken wounded .
Infamous is a film about flashy facades and what lies beneath them .
Jones looks more like the small , impish Capote than Hoffman does -- he has the nasal whine down pat -- but his performance fails to cut as deep into the complexities of the man . Neither does the movie .
Toby Jones does a decent job as the famous writer , but offers little of the depth shown by Philip Seymour Hoffman .
The film stretches plausibility .
An explosively rich evocation of a twisted -LRB- or at least unhealthy -RRB- relationship . Capote would have probably called it suffering for his art .
The second Capote film in a year , Infamous is decent and well acted by Jones , but marred by narrative strategy of using witnesses as a Greek chorus -LRB- with campy one-liners -RRB- and implausible sex scene
Regardless of the liberties taken , there was an integrity and character-complexity to the 2005 release that 's missing from this glossier biopic .
A second look at Truman Capote 's journey to write In Cold Bloo that against all odds is as good as Capote .



@highlight

Though comparisons with last year 's Capote may be inevitable , Infamous takes a different angle in its depiction of the author , and stands up well enough on its own .