Sleeping Beauty aspires to create a. . . haunted disconnect between Lucy 's presentation and her subjectivity . Yet Leigh is n't able to muster a cinematic equivalent of a first-person narration that would convey Lucy 's interiority to the viewer .
Understatedly strange , erotic , quietly surrealistic and slightly disturbing , it 's a striking film that immediately marks out its Australian writer-director as a confident new cinematic voice .
At no point did any of the symbolism in Sleeping Beauty feel organic .
It 's difficult to fault the film 's artistry and its originality .
-LSB- The -RSB- movie trades in ambiguity and uncomfortable awkwardness , the often hypnotising trance it emits is a fascinating sight to witness .
Even if the film 's final chapter seems far too on point , if not glib , the filmmaker continues to mine complicated psychological terrain with a clear-eyed stringency .
It 's so sterile and clinical and emotionless that making a film about the emotionlessness of sex has become more of a cliche than just good ole Cinemax softcore porn .
She spends much of the movie baring her fascinatingly underdeveloped body ; her vagina is her temple . There 's no graphic sex , but its intimations are anything but sexy .
Wallows in the mud as a sicko exploitation pic .
Juggling moments of pitch black humour and disturbingly tense scenes of abuse , Sleeping Beauty has a queasy , mismatched tone that underscores an uneven , elliptical movie .
Comically pretentious and unreasonably slow ...
The film 's stifled sexual politics seem both non-feminist and critical of a 21st-century pornographic world , where all of us are stuck in our cubicles of detached , narcissistic desire .
It is also , sadly , frustratingly , disappointingly and , most importantly , relentlessly boring .
-LSB- An -RSB- arty exploitation pic passed off as a feminist parable ...
I could see it inspiring interesting discussions afterward , but there is the matter of having to sit through it first .
This is a strange film that gets into issues of the meaning of sex , of male fantasy , even of feminism .
Though it seems appropriate to make `` Sleeping Beauty '' as empty , enervating and dull as its main character , it only serves to underscore the lack of entertainment or insight .
A fascinating , erotically charged mystery .
The film deals with the topic of sexual taboos in a transgressive manner that bends your brain . The whole enterprise may even be fraudulent .
Leigh , impressively for a first-time filmmaker , has a distinct and confident approach .
Eros snores .
It 's a story told in quiet rooms and hushed voices - except for one devastating scream near the end - and it 's ultimately a horror story , though one completely free of blood and gore .
Leigh strikes an observational , artful tone that builds to an emotional climax as fittingly yet frustratingly enigmatic as anything that 's come before .
Brrrr . This study of a young girl 's descent into a most rarefied form of whoring is as coldly clinical as it is annoyingly pretentious .
Though Julia Leigh 's surprisingly dull debut is meant to present the mysteries of a troubled young woman , you 're more likely to wonder why its star , Emily Browning , is drawn to such demeaning roles .
Browning is tiny and frighteningly exposed in these scenes , but Leigh turns the tables : In the moment of her greatest vulnerability , Lucy exercises a curious power over the Johns who pay for her time .
Exploring enduring appeal to men , ... the banality of human nature ... may be a letdown , especially about elderly males , but is disturbingly universal as a modern fairy tale .
The result can feel untouchable and impenetrable , but it also serves to make its visceral moments that much more affecting . This Sleeping Beauty is no fairy tale ; it 's stark , dispassionate and noticeably short on happily ever afters .
Creepy erotic drama about sedated girls has little meaning .
Some may see a commentary on the plight of women here . However , such ` radical passivity ' is beyond the reach of empathy .
I 'm not , finally , sure what Leigh is saying - but she is a filmmaker with a voice .
There is a measure of soft-core titillation in this , for sure , but Ms. Leigh observes Lucy 's body and what happens to it with a dreamy detachment that is seductive and unnerving in equal measure .
The picture is clinical in its approach and its technique , yet it leaves so many questions unanswered - it 's straightforward in a vague , maddening way . It 's also strangely , obliquely compelling .
Sleeping Beauty 's frank subject matter and stark portrayal of a sexually blase college student is certainly interesting , but not nearly as much as expected .
Carries all the suspense and sexual fury of bread baking . A tepid series of vaguely salacious encounters mixed with mummified emotions .
Early on , I was ready to bolt ; the question in my mind was `` Why am I watching this ? '' Aside from the fact that I could say that it 's my job , I still do n't have an answer .
There 's an allegorical quality to what Leigh 's up to here .
Precisely staged but maddeningly obtuse , `` Sleeping Beauty '' is an artful exercise in pointlessness .
It 's not much fun watching an Australian director whose small goal in life is to ape French provocateur Catherine Breillat . There 's not much thrill in watching Ms. Browning , who is so anesthetized she seems to be dreaming whether she 's asleep or awake .
The very beautiful and brave young actor Emily Browning slugs us with another sucker punch in the disturbing debut feature from Australian novelist Julia Leigh .
A bit too clinical to be for all tastes , but it 's kind of brilliant for what it is , and even riveting in a very unique , anti-thriller sort of way .
Sharp and precise as its tableaux might be ... Sleeping Beauty never burrows into the brain , and its tenuous provocations fizzle out quickly .
Truth is , there 's really nothing , shameful or otherwise , to see in this pretentious and empty fairy tale .
-LSB- H -RSB- ow does any woman make a film like this one , which celebrates mute female submission as something beautiful and desirable , something so understandably , so reasonably attractive to men ?
Julia Leigh 's take on the fairy tale is a study in detachment and unspoken dissatisfaction , traits that imbue the proceedings with a barely-contained sexual energy lurking beneath a thin veneer of calm .
To be at once earthy and ethereal is an uncommon gift . I noticed it , in Browning ...
It 's all rather ridiculous , and the film 's serious tone should n't be mistaken for profundity .
Sleeping Beauty is one of those self-consciously artsy motion picture that promises more than it delivers .
stunningly empty and one-note
A strange , lyrical film , Sleeping Beauty slips away like a half-remembered dream and is perhaps ultimately of as much consequence .
Considering that the lead character is near naked for almost half the film , it 's remarkable just how unprovocative Julia Leigh 's debut Sleeping Beauty feels .
Leigh 's work first incites extreme views then raises urgent questions that can not be ignored about the dark depths of the human psyche .
A brave , thoughtful , highly accomplished debut that rewards as much as it challenges .
The dialogue is mostly laughable and delivered in the stilted manner of up-market softcore porn of the Emmanuelle and The Story of O variety , but it 's far from erotic .
Is n't a perfect film and I wish it was directed by a filmmaker who could have brought it a bit more personality -LRB- it 's surprisingly sterile -RRB- , but it will provide ample food for thought and discussion after you see it .
It 's hard to say what it all means , but it looks terrific and Browning deserves kudos for taking on such a revealing role .
-LSB- A -RSB- long , earnest tract about men objectifying women , directed by first-timer Julia Leigh , who shows no flair for story or characterisation .
The film - although so very stylishly - promises a moment of truth that never quite arrives .
It 's clear this emperor has no clothes , along with much of the cast .
An airless , lifeless experience despite the best efforts and intentions of its lead .
Browning 's performance as the ludicrously passive sex object has been described as `` brave '' , which is normally shorthand for the fact that she takes all her clothes off .
Browning ... proves that she 's a fearless and distinctive young actress whose rigorously passive performance imbues her character with immense depth and mystery .
-LCB- VIDEO -RSB- A bold feminist think-piece about the perceived and disguised societal demands placed on women , `` Sleeping Beauty '' is a hauntingly erotic film that languishes in the recesses of your sub-conscious .
This will divide audiences as much as The Tree Of Life , but it 's a brave and beautiful calling card for both filmmaker and star .
Though she 's clearly studied Haneke and Breillat , Leigh is n't a natural filmmaker .
Pretentious piffle .
Young actress Browning has gone the distance for her director and together , they have delivered something here that sometimes catches your breath .
As it is , this is a museum piece , mounted on a wall behind glass , able to be seen but never felt , a cold film about heated things , fascinating but flawed .
Leigh certainly has a sense of cinematic style and Emily Browning possesses a fragile beauty that hides a remarkably resilient interior . It 's a pity , however , that Jane Campion did not exert a more powerful sway on the result .
Certainly not the unwatchable dreck some have made it out to be , unspooling more as a foggy , puzzling meditation about erotic fixation and sexual objectification that tests the limits on just how long a director can keep a camera locked on to one scene .
And pretension brings on a boredom so deep that -- like Lucy 's dreamless , deadened sleep -- it sucks the thinking right out of you .
I have nothing against such cliches and the critique of patriarchy they invoke , but you need to breathe new life into them .
Despite its stumbles , Leigh 's direction creates a world we are unused to in Australian cinema . It gives us space to reflect on the enormity of ageing and mortality , as well as the arrogance and innocence of youth .
Sleeping Beauty is some kind of masterpiece ... enormously rich , complex , and great food for thought .
Guaranteed to divide audiences , this is an intoxicating , disturbing and unforgettable piece of cinema , and announces Julia Leigh as a filmmaker to watch .
A hideous arthouse snoozer , Sleeping Beauty strikes the rare double of being as pretentious as it is puerile .
Certainly intriguing , but it does n't make for easy viewing and its misanthropy is deeply unsettling .
There 's no doubting the film 's serious intent , but while it 's often very impressive it 's also very cold and detached .
It contains something dark , complex , mysterious and , indeed , beautiful deep down below the surface .
Although it strives to be a thought provoking exploration of the flesh and the soul , Sleeping Beauty is to cold and detached to make us care either way .
Sleeping Beauty is a tiring , emotionless experience . I can best describe it as a film that is `` all style and no substance '' .
I salute the unique vision , but I feel cheated that I felt so little emotion in a film that has such vast emotional potential
Inspired by a nightmare , this is a poetic work with dark complexities layered under the fairy tale plot . Beautifully shot by Geoffrey Simpson , there 's a voyeuristic element to the film as we become captive to the pale , porcelain beauty of Emily Browning
Unlike with -LSB- Beckett 's -RSB- Happy Days , or Un Chien Andalou , or the films of Michael Haneke before it , Sleeping Beauty has not left me pondering its puzzle passionately enough . The film is pretty , but ultimately impenetrable to a fault .
It 's not the easiest watch in the world -LRB- spoiler : old man sex -RRB- but it 's also one of the most bewitching , perplexing and perversely enjoyable films I 've seen all year .
One ca n't help but wish for the film Sleeping Beauty might have been had Campion held the reins .
Browning is a real find . But despite Leigh 's evident promise and audacity , this is not a film which achieves as much as it clearly hopes .
I found it gorgeous , opaque and disturbing in roughly equal portions , but it was a riveting experience all the way through .
-LSB- Browning -RSB- dominates the screen , even when unconscious , and somehow manages to convey a painful fragility and raw underlying strength .
Soporific in every sense .
It 's a startlingly poised , modern-day fairy tale , a strange marriage of Jane Campion and Lars Von Trier that titillates , terrifies and haunts in equal measure .
There is force and originality in Leigh 's work . Sleeping Beauty is an impressive technical display , though no more than the sum of its parts .
A film where nothing ever happens , and yet everything is mean-spirited .
The film 's frustratingly elliptical style and lack of character insight give it a distinctly first-draft feel .

@highlight

Sleeping Beauty 's provocative premise and luminous art design is hampered by a clinical , remote presentation , delivering boredom and shock in equal measure .