Spinning Into Butter is the perfect example of a movie taking an interesting premise and , through incompetence of acting , writing and directing , turning it into an unwatchable mess .
if you 're not interested in a sermon , you 'll want to skip this one
Butter makes a disastrous transition to film , aiming to salvage pertinent points on the witch 's brew of racism through a filmmaking undertaking perhaps best described as `` total clown shoes . ''
The biggest lesson from Spinning Into Butter has nothing to do with the ethics of race and more with realizing that every hit play does n't need to be turned into a movie .
Painfully earnest and unrelievedly stilted and cliched , the movie is less a drama than a well-meaning but rather ridiculous diatribe .
Initially compelling , but spins into a hodgepodge of contrived scenes , uneven drama and poorly developed , yet provocative issues that simmer for too long without actually coming to a boil .
It feels like an after school special .
This movie would 've been bad in 1983 , but at least it would 've been original .
The staging by theater director Mark Brokaw , in his first feature , is , well , stagy . I do n't mind a movie where people spend a lot of time jawboning , but what they say had better be interesting .
Crash was a master class in subtlety compared to Spinning Into Butter .
Betraying its theatrical origins , Brokaw 's feature debut is a vastly disappointing message movie in which Sarah Jessica Parker -LRB- also credited as producer -RRB- is miscast , to say the least .
The foils have no compunction about hurling ugly truths at each other , most of the time much too literally to work on screen .
The material is crying out for a satiric wit or at least a stronger point of view . Instead , it 's a mishmash in which everyone gets to say his piece , but all of it has been said before .
This movie adaptation of Rebecca Gilman 's play is a methodical , not to say mechanical and plodding , exploration of identity politics and language .
The best of intentions and a welcome willingness to engage on the touchiest issues is not enough to keep this movie from feeling more like a seminar than a story .
Credit goes to playwright Gilman and company for addressing an ugly situation head on . Unfortunately , it 's a scenario that lends itself to hot air and that 's what the movie blows .
The film feels stuck in a particularly '90s - flavored argument -- about political correctness and culture wars on campus -- that you probably got tired of during your junior year .
Despite an earnest and dour tone , the story and the subjects tackled are compelling and thought-provoking .
If freshman film students were assigned to make a movie on race relations , this contrived attempt is probably what they 'd come up with
The movie verges on melodrama , farce , and satire , but never makes any dramatic sense .
Shelf mold encrusts this misshapen adaptation of Spinning Into Butter , and Rebecca Gilman 's 1999 play about racism and toxic political correctness at a small Vermont college
is lumpy enough as it is .
A fantastic story longing for a better film .
The title is wrong . They should call it Spinning Into Margarine .
Every line of dialogue sounds contrived , right up to the phony-baloney twist ending .
Marred somewhat by a pat and rather unlikely conclusion , this movie does have the merit by lifting up the rock and examining liberal racism .
May force the audience to confront its own reactions to the dilemmas ... of a society in which people talk at each other , rather than with each other .
Any movie that chooses to open a credits sequence with a Maya Angelou quote and blackface cartoons screams desperation .
A flawed but needed film about the continuing existence of racism and deep-rooted prejudice exposed on a college campus .
This excruciatingly p.c. worrywart of a film takes the `` Little Black Sambo '' story and tries to make something trenchant and socially important of it , but merely succeeds in being false , forced and ultimately insulting .
More spin than spinning , this raw race conversation-driven drama taps into timely issues touching on diversity conflicts that persist . But sorry to say , Spinning is no Crash , and comes off more as good intentions dissipating into irresponsible filmmaking .



@highlight

Both leaden and stilted , Spinning into Butter is an unsubtle drama with stagy direction and lackluster dialogue .