This violent film , which swept the Cesar awards -LRB- the French Oscars -RRB- this year , provides a nuanced portrait of a conflicted young man who can never completely break away from the dark world in which he has grown up .
Niels Arestrup is striking as the hero 's slumlord father .
Relying on the enigmatic and sultry charisma of Romain Duris , The Beat My Heart Skipped is a mesmerising portrait of a man torn by two very different sides of his personality .
A gritty urban romance that touches on the various fascinating ways that music and psychological states of mind interact or clash in a dissonant and chaotic modern world .
A riff that will provide great pleasures to those willing to sample a molto vivace remake of Toback 's cinematic ode to torment and obsession .
-LSB- Duris -RSB- is pure star quality : gloweringly sexy , hypnotically unstable and needy , combining rage and vulnerability in his handsome , delicate face .
Altogether , Audiard 's movie hangs together better than Toback 's : it 's more coherent in its construction , far less arbitrary in its dialogue , and more plausible and considered in its characterisation .
It 's a turgid , seemingly endless trudge through Gallic angst and ennui without one memorable performance , image , line of dialogue or note of music .
If not for Duris ' amazing , thoroughly captivating performance , it 's clear that De battre mon coeur s ` est arrêté would not come off nearly as well as it ultimately does .
Simmering study of a petty hood-cum-wannabe pianist succumbing to his innate violent side -- but there might be a touch too much ivory tinkling for some .
A hugely enjoyable , superbly directed film with a cracking script and a terrific central performance from Romain Duris .
The Beat That My Heart Skipped is a work of authority , maturity and intensity that improves on Toback 's original film without appearing to patronise or despise it .
Une rencontre entre Jacques Audiard et Romain Duris qui consacre ce dernier comme l'un des grands acteurs français de sa génération .
Delivers its tough narrative straight and swiftly , up to its surprising but satisfying ending .
It has been very well made , with the often jumpy photography and scuzzy locales that reflect the nervous energy and predatory nature of its young subject . But it also finds the time to achieve some real emotional depth .
The actors ' touching father-and-son exchanges barely miss a beat .
None of this would work without Duris ' simmering performance as Tom , a person who 's struggling to find his true calling .
From its plot to its look , The Beat That My Heart Skipped is designed to express how it feels to be torn between two opposing worlds and passions .
Audiard 's film is undeniably infused with a greater sense of realism , yet this stark and elemental drama seems underserved by prosaic realism .
Duris fills the role with enough sympathy to make the film decent , albeit not as good as it should have been .
The storytelling is elliptical ; subplots that seem important simply vanish without resolution , as they do in life if not melodrama .
The film has a gritty , pounding heartbeat of its own .
Holds up as an offbeat film by a talented filmmaker .
Audiard 's jagged , vérité-like style and Duris 's performance -- evoking not so much Harvey Keitel 's in Toback 's film as a combination of the Keitel and Robert De Niro characters in Mean Streets -- transcend the story 's absurdities .
It would be hard to overstate just how electric Romain Duris is as Thomas .
Enthralling character study .
It 's a strange mix - classical music and classical gangster violence ... Romain Duris does a bang-up job playing a very intense character with a soft side .
Succeeds as both a homage to its quirky model and as an engrossing film in its own right .
They do n't make 'em , never mind remake 'em , a whole lot better than this .
Audiard has a nice stride here , establishing Tom 's world and then altering it with slow insistence .
Audiard has wisely avoided the crime-movie clichés of Toback 's Fingers , and if his film is not exactly naturalistic , it is steeped in a reality that makes it all the more compelling .
Compared to Keitel , he 's a fluttery lightweight , whether banging the ivories or his victims . His nature is n't divided . He 's no hoodlum -- not even Belmondo impersonating Bogart .
There 's plenty of material here , but co-screenwriter/director Jacques Audiard feels compelled to throw in a couple of go-nowhere subplots .
A tense noir character study , with Duris -LRB- in the Harvey Keitel role -RRB- coldly compelling as a man with a hellish day job and a heavenly musical gift .
Easy to overlook , and will probably be easy to forget
Whether the scenes add up to anything or not , however , Duris holds the screen like a natural .
Audiard 's baffling underworld etude seems entirely played in a minor key .
Emotionally richer than Fingers , and there 's nothing secondhand about Duris ' performance .
This is character-driven film noir , where the violence serves a higher purpose than shocking or titillating an audience .
Much more than a remake , Beat is an original vision that explores the inner conflict between a man 's animal brutality and the passion to transcend .
Director Jacques Audiard makes us feel exactly what his characters feel , and , for Thomas , that often has to do with how he responds to music .
Duris ' performance is more finely tuned and less frenetic than Keitel 's enjoyably over-the-top job , and the film 's emotional chords resonate in more satisfying and complicated ways .
It 's a tense , jumpy , sometimes amusing work that posits the inherent duality of everything . And , most definitely , the intriguing duality of people .
A French movie that reclaims some of the urgency and breathless enthusiasm of the movies we loved in the '70s .
The film confirms director Audiard as a master of visual mood , in this case one of barely expressed emotional panic .
The conceit of a strongarm hoodlum doubling as a concert pianist seemed really silly to me back in 1978 , and it seems no less silly today .
Takes an excellent film that was very much a part of its time and place and re-imagines it as an excellent film that is very much a part of this time and this place .
With 2005 's The Beat That my Heart Skipped joining Read my Lips , Jacques Audiard is asserting himself as a powerhouse in the new wave of French directors .
The lead performance by Duris is interesting in the way that he reminds us of Keitel 's performance -LRB- at times the resemblance between the two is uncanny -RRB- while still finding a new and unique approach to the character .
The Beat That My Heart Skipped , in which Audiard has tightened the story while opening it up , works precisely where Fingers failed .
A French film that takes the hard-boiled poetics of American noir and squeezes them into an explosive , compacted knot of anguish and violence .
Plays like a piece of mediocre music , gorgeously rendered .
The Beat That My Heart Skipped does n't replace Fingers , but joins it as the portrait of a man reaching out desperately toward his dying ideals .
Sets a high mark for so complete a character study in a dynamic and original context . Duris owns the part .
Like any remake , it lurks in the shadow of its predecessor .
Beat is shot elegantly , and it 's entertaining throughout , though in the end one might well ask what does it all mean ?
The movie is that rarity , a remake that uses its source material as a jumping-off point and ultimately cuts deeper and truer than the original .
-LSB- Audiard 's -RSB- hamhanded touch with the obviously symbolic plot elements results in a static accounting of polar personal themes ... lacks spontaneity , authenticity , or suspense .
French remake of forgotten 1970s flick Fingers is a strong drama with great direction -- and an excellent lead performance .
Jacques Audiard 's The Beat That My Heart Skipped is a distinctly modern picture with its heart in the '70s : It has the nervous , kinetic energy , and the swaggering pioneer spirit , that marked '70s American filmmaking .
Audiard tosses you in the midst of Thomas 's story confident that you can keep yourself from sinking . Fortunately for both the director and you , not only do you float but you find yourself in a film worth swimming .
The Beat My Heart Skipped is a tale full of small , surprising moments and unpredictable notes .
Never skips a beat in its desire to dig deep into emotional vulnerability .
imbued with an energy that 's hard to ignore and that compels you to watch
The Beat That My Heart Skipped may be rooted in Toback 's 1978 film but Audiard makes it a modern parable that befits the new millennium .
Not likely to engender an emotional response , so much as a thoughtful , dispassionate one .
Affirms the best cinema has to offer : exciting acting , beautiful music and cinematography , great writing and a lack of condescending to the audience
Duris ' jittery , defensive performance keeps the suggestion of violence close to the surface .
Audiard skillfully draws you into the story of his anti-hero , who looks to the piano as the literal instrument of his redemption .
A blistering film you feel in the pit of your stomach , a jumpy , edgy piece of work that thrusts us into a personal maelstrom so tortured and intense , the emotions could be spread with a knife .
Bolstered by superb supporting performances and composer Alexandre Desplat 's elegant complement to Bach , Beat is a vibrant and exacting character study .
Do n't skip this Beat .
James Toback 's movies can always be made better . Jacques Audiard 's The Beat That My Heart Skipped proves the point .
A mess of pretense , too hip and cool to concern itself with emotional logic or narrative cohesion .
This stylish , tightly coiled character study has notions of turning into a thriller but never quite does .
Like most adaptations , Jacques Audiard 's Parisian update of James Toback 's brilliant 1978 Fingers will have fans of the original wishing it had been left alone .
Rising French star Romain Duris ' high-energy performance alone justifies director Jacques Audiard 's remake of James Toback 's grimy 1978 melodrama Fingers .
Superb remake -LSB- of James Toback 's Fingers -RSB- .
A cocky French remake of James Toback 's 1978 cult underworld character study Fingers that stands reasonably well on its own as an urgent , updated genre meditation on nurture vs. nature .
If Audiard 's film is less relentless and , ultimately , more hopeful than Toback 's -LSB- Fingers -RSB- , it is no less compelling a study of the attempt to harmonize seemingly dissonant forces -- tenderness and brutality , classicism and modernity , France and Vietnam .
With this film Jacques Audiard proves that rotten movies are n't the sole province of Hollywood ... 107 minutes of pure tedium .
As stylish as it is suspenseful .
Even if it were n't a fascinating thriller in its own right , The Beat That My Heart Skipped would deserve attention for being one of the few remakes that honors its source by paring down instead of adding on .
A gorgeous tale ... that allows Romain Duris to fully bloom as one of France 's finer young actors .
The Beat That My Heart Skipped lacks the screw-loose existential vibrance of Fingers , yet it teases out a romantic underside to the original I never quite knew was there .
Duris gives a star-making turn ... Niels Arestrup provides the film 's other indelible character , suggesting a cross between a 70 's era Marlon Brando and Richard Harris .
Duris , capable and dull , is no Keitel , 2005 is no 1978 , and The Beat That My Heart Skipped is no Fingers .
Has a jumpy and moody vitality .
Audiard could have made the romantic side of the movie more explicit , but reticence is part of his cool .
Audiard has , through a few plot changes and even more differences in tone and performance , surprisingly made a silk purse out of Toback 's sow 's ear .
A dark and dangerous look into men 's souls pits Romain Duris against his abusive father in the steamy streets of gangland Paris .
Perhaps somewhat schematic but nevertheless powerful because of its central performance and its clear thematic coherence .
The optimistic flip-side to James Tobak 's Harvey Keitel-headlined Fingers .
Romain Duris 's stunning performance anchors a fascinating melodrama about real-estate sharks .




@highlight

Stylish and visceral , this able remake is infused with realism , grit , and a taut performance by star Romain Duris .