Coppola has captured this troubling moment of modern truth in a glossy , shrewd snapshot .
Of all Coppola 's subjects , they are by far the most unpleasant : there is only one likeable character in the entire film , and that is Hilton 's dog .
Aided by a lively young cast -LRB- headed by ex-Harry Potter star Emma Watson -RRB- , the writer-director creates a film that entertains as much as it appalls .
In other hands this would be an anti-fame morality tale . In Coppola 's it 's more of an elegant glide-by , her finest ` lost rich girl ' comedy-drama since Lost In Translation .
Morality be damned , I kept wishing The Bling Ring was juicier .
In the United States of Narcissism , you 're nothing if you ca n't see yourself on a screen .
Coppola gives the events a bubbly potency , drawn to the attractive , greedy foolishness of the characters . They are , when it comes down to it , horrible , vapid people , yet the film does n't view them purely as monsters , or as a sociological construct .
The Bling Ring is a comedy , a gentle -LRB- if thin -RRB- satire of fame-obsessed youths , and a canny probe into the ecosystem of LA 's celeb culture and the weird influence it exerts on the rest of the population .
At best , the picture can be written off as some kind of failed experiment , a competition to see which cast member is the most in tune with his or her inner dolt .
... Coppola definitely finds a captivating way of telling the tale . Her script and the performances give us something thought-provoking out of something superficial .
Antonioni watches too much TMZ in Sofia Coppola 's detached portrait of hollowed-out youth culture .
Five children-four princesses and a prince-run in gentle Angeleno night from enchanted castle to enchanted castle , gathering treasure-beads and raiment and gold and currency-spending themselves afterward on endorphins and coke .
However , the bigger issue at play here is the lack of subtlety , a concept seemingly not invented at the time Sofia Coppola wrote and directed this movie .
Sofia Coppola directs this true tale about decadent teens run amuck .
Coppola 's unflinching portrayal is social commentary disguised as teen fantasy , superbly photographed by the late Harris Savides and with pitch perfect acting , especially from Harry Potter alumnus Emma Watson .
It 's smart and droll .
Maybe you could stretch some deeper meaning out of it , surmising that Coppola wanted to make as vapid and empty a movie as her subjects and their inspiration . That 's great for a Film & Society term paper , but it does n't exactly make for a riveting movie .
The curve of potential mockery bends toward infinity , yet Coppola restrains her satirical impulse in The Bling Ring , shaking her head ruefully more often than she snickers .
To criticize that the script does n't go deep enough is to get the point : with all that swag out there for repeat-offenders like Lohan , why should n't a girl walk up to an empty house and liberate its contents for the sheer joy of material possession ?
Lively , engaging , and a little too obvious
It tells of the same sickness as the rest of her work , in other words , but it aims for accessibility instead of sublimity .
The Bling Ring gives you the feeling that you can reach out and slap these zombified teens out of their apathy - unfortunately you 're restricted to your seat and to your judgement - Coppola makes you work .
Coppola 's latest effort is the most superficial film I 've seen since `` Spring Breakers '' earlier this year . There 's so little here in the way of substance that it becomes quite an amazing feat that she was able to stretch it out into a 90-minute feature .
Feather-weight satire of rich teen girls who steal from celebrities ... The film is the cinematic equivalent of reading a health warning on the frosting of an over-priced cupcake .
`` While many loved Coppola 's earliest pics , no one was happy with Marie Antoinette and many loathed Somewhere , and this based-on-fact latest again opts for a cheesy study of fame with characters who almost dare you to like them . ''
The sense of detachment that is a signature of Sofia Coppola 's work -- the coolly distant , stylishly dreamlike way she regards her characters -- works to her detriment in The Bling Ring .
The Bling Ring suggests Coppola still has the nose for a good story , but not the depth to sufficiently explore it .
Top marks to the cast who deliver these characters exactly as intended : shallow , stupid , reckless , irresponsible , self centred and extremely irritating . I wanted to smack them all as they snorted the stolen cocaine
The beauty of Sofia Coppola 's intoxicating film that dabbles with celebrity obsession is that it entwines us so completely it its fake culture , that it makes us believe we are part of it
Coppola observes this giddy crime spree with her usual deadpan cool , finding satirical gold everywhere she looks . -LRB- Keep an eye out for Hilton 's face on her own sofa cushions . -RRB-
A typically underwhelming effort from Sofia Coppola ...
The pointless pic , lacking any sense of humanity , left me confused about what the director was trying to say about the social deviants featured .
Once the initial thrill of riding shotgun to these robberies starts to fade , the audience has little to do but wallow in amorality , absent any fresh perspective from Coppola .
The film is surface-shallow - but only because the culture it reflects is arguably too superficial to withstand any kind of analysis .
90 minutes of derisive mockery and finger-pointing . We agree with the sentiment , sure . But what about it ?
A sly true-crime drama .
Director Sofia Coppola delivers a wily critique of celebrity culture in The Bling Ring as she dresses up the true story of Los Angeles teenagers robbing their Hollywood idols ' homes .
Coppola 's dialogue is remorselessly authentic in its inanity , and this blankness runs deep in what finally feels a shallow film about shallow people .
Once again , Sofia Coppola confounds expectations with an astutely relevant approach to a true story . These events may be torn from the headlines , but they also echo the world around us .
As a potential future video manual which could encourage some people to become high-end criminals , it left me uneasy .
Soon reveals itself to be grimly repetitious , simply showing these kids stealing , then partying , taking pictures of themselves and putting them on Facebook , over and over again , until they are caught .
The picture feels like a modestly competent sketch of a subject that does n't warrant this much attention .
This may be a telling observation on today 's lack of privacy but it does n't make our teenage bandits very interesting or clever .
A film about teenagers , crime , celebrity , LA , the internet and the cinema . These still waters run very deep indeed .
The film confirms that vanity is a delicate , difficult target . Miss it , and you and your artistry seem as vain and misdirected as your material .
-LSB- An -RSB- engaging , superbly acted and impeccably production-designed drama , though the story is a little too fixated on the moral blankness of its characters and it completely lacks emotional depth .
For a satire on America 's modern day celebrity culture , The Bling Ring is hard to beat .
Watson 's performance is the real revelation here ... -LSB- It -RSB- makes you eager to see what she will do next .
Perhaps Coppola errs towards the mundane to emphasise that these were just typical , peer-pressured California kids . But being credible does n't make them interesting .
Where Coppola fails is in filling the spaces between the soundbites .
When Coppola took a laid-back approach in her highly acclaimed Somewhere , I was bored to tears . But this time it 's not only completely fitting but weirdly compelling .
This is a funny , sarky , bang-on portrayal of the freakiness of celeb obsession . The story would sound outrageous - if it was n't true .
Coppola 's movie is not unsympathetic to the teens ' desires , misapprehensions and bad choices , even as it presents itself as a deadpan spoof of their shallow aspirations and thoughtless materialism . The movie 's gaze suggests sadness , not scorn .
Want to watch some rather dull characters oohing over clothes ? This is your jam .
Girls meets Ocean 's Eleven , The Bling Ring might be a film for right now rather than the ages , but Sofia Coppola 's heist movie is visually arresting , well acted , capricious fun .
A stick-thin expose of a gaggle of brats obsessed with snatching Prada purses and Alexander McQueen shoes from celebs ' high-up-in-the-hills chateaus .
A deeply ironic commentary on the ubiquity of celebrity culture in the lives of modern American adolescents .
Coppola constructs their true-crime events rather conventionally for her usual style , but that 's because she 's smart enough to know that people this dumb do n't need much embellishment .
Emma Watson is comedic gold .
All the characters are shallow and one-dimensional and , while one can argue that this is the point , it does n't make for 90 minutes of engaging cinema .
Sofia Coppola directs another beautiful film that will be the rave of Hollywood .
A stylish and relevant look at how the idolatry of celebrity begat a special breed of brat , whose belief that to live like the kings and queens of materialism is to steal from their palaces .
Repetitive , self-referential nonsense about a group of spoiled brats no one cares about . Supposed insights to celebrity-obsession are non-existent .
Sofia Coppola creates a surprisingly deep look at some very shallow people .
The film is ostensibly a look at the real-life group of teens who got away with burglarizing celebrities ' homes for almost an entire year before being caught , but the true takeaway from this viewing is that Paris Hilton is even dumber than we all thought .
It may look aesthetically alluring , much like the Instagram-enhanced pictures the juvenile crooks upload onto their social network feeds throughout the course of the movie , but it 's as equally hollow . Maybe that was the purpose - for art to imitate life ?
Daring to face these often noxious , seemingly empty phenomena on aesthetic terms , and taking on a degree of their flatness and simplicity , Coppola renders them surprisingly substantial .
Coppola neither makes a case for her characters nor places them inside of some kind of moral or critical framework ; they simply pass through the frame , listing off name brands and staring at their phones .
Their nonchalant disregard for authority and false sense of entitlement do n't feel shocking anymore , and the film feels more pretentious than provocative as a result .
an indictment of bad parenting that results in awful teenagers ... also a shaming of vanity that somehow is endorsed by its own worst offenders
s Coppola offering a critique -LRB- a stated hope -RRB- or somehow being complicit ? These questions seem to coil in on themselves , making The Bling Ring that weird yet common hybrid of tsk-tsking and celebration .
The Bling Ring makes a good case that there 's a segment of the population that has never learned the difference between fame and infamy , and they do n't care either way .
Coppola downplays the satire -- this is a social commentary that needs no underlining -- but she ca n't find much resonance beyond the notion of the emptiness of tabloid culture .
One of Coppola 's best films , mainly because of the writing .
It starts out as an expert docu-comedy about coddled teens who burgle celebrity homes and ends up an irritating , shallow mood piece about irritating , shallow people .
The Bling Ring is a stylish commentary on fame-obsessed teen culture , even if the movie dismisses the real-life perpetrators as little more than naive punks .
Coppola probably does n't understand these characters any more than we do , or anyone else does . But she 's genuinely curious about them .
Had Coppola at least made some social commentary with her picture , perhaps `` The Bling Ring '' would have had a purpose . But , as it stands , this film is a complete waste of time .
I can recommend the movie not because it 's a great film , but because it realistically documents the arrogance and audacity of a group of misguided , selfish and spoiled teenagers .
The film is like an installment of True Crime Stories hosted by Perez Hilton . Yes , it 's all that .
It has nothing to say about kids who had nothing better to do than to thieve from the rich and famous .
When dealing with a subject so shallow and petty , it 's pretty hard to dig as deep as Coppola tries to . If you 're looking for profundity , you 're not going to find it in the Hollywood Hills .
The film simply is what it is , and that is boring .
The ripped-from-the-headlines story is interesting on its own , but Coppola ups the ante by using it as a springboard for a treatise on our celebrity-obsessed culture .
Is it a sin to covet the life of someone who exists purely for the purpose of being coveted ?
This is consumerism run riot without a moral compass , not the redistribution of wealth , but its pure celebration .
Despite Coppola 's obvious talents as a director , and her upscale style , her movie still plays like a TMZ report .
It 's about as insightful as Paris Hilton 's underwear .
Despite a glitzy surface it ultimately seems as devoid of substance as its airheaded young characters .
A modern-day cautionary tale about youth run amok that , for all its ripped-from-the-headlines topicality , still exudes a dreamy , otherworldly perfume .
It 's fun while it lasts , but ultimately forgettable , kind of like the people they stole from .
The most curious thing about this movie is that as the cautionary tale it so clearly wants to be , it fails .
Coppola 's film tells the story in a relatively straightforward manner , and that 's ultimately the problem . It just sort of sits there
Is this anthropology , or simply entropy ? It 's partly the former and lots of the latter , with precious little insight .
Ultimately , though the pace is snappy , the film feels a little empty ; these teens seem too soulless even for satire .
The Bling Ring sets a new standard for film failure . It 's such a mess , the teens should get back together and steal all of the copies of the movie . No court in the land would find them guilty .
A comedy , of sorts , if what it says about our obsession with the famous and the frivolous were n't so totally depressing .
It 's also fun to watch Watson try to be an L.A. bad girl . She has the acting chops to go way beyond being one of Harry Potter 's best friends .
What does Coppola want us to think about these beautiful young idiots ? What does she think ? She 's too cool or too wary or too close to her subject to engage .
If you feel outraged and a little sick watching the people in The Bling Ring , it 's because Coppola wants you to feel that way . You 're not reacting against the movie , but with it .
Why did Coppola make this movie ?
A frustrating shrug of ambivalence .
A little cheekier than most Coppola films , its subjects fish in a barrel of barbed laughs .
Coppola , who previously fascinated over the issues of wealth , prestige and social status in Marie Antoinette , allows The Bling Ring to wander into repetition the longer it runs .
Our celebrity obsessions get a frisky poke but not the skewering they deserve in Sofia Coppola 's movie , based on a true story .
The stars hide ; the ardent admirers seek . With a breezily nonjudgmental air , `` The Bling Ring '' fictionalizes this story of five seekers .
It 's stylish and fun , but do n't expect much more .
It 's as much a damning deconstruction of a coveted lifestyle as it is a travelogue of beautiful people doing bad things .
Coppola seems to be asking : `` Is it really surprising when a generation of villagers raised on reality TV and TMZ rises up and storms the castle ? ''
The kids ' story was irresistible to the media , permitting both sensationalism and easy zeitgeist commentary , and that 's about as far as writer-director Sofia Coppola takes it in this big-screen dramatization .
The problem with The Bling Ring is that it feels as soulless as its young protagonists .
Much of ` The Bling Ring ' ends up feeling glitzy but too shallow , sort of like the celebrity world it 's exploring . -LRB- Full Parental Review also available -RRB-
There 's no real point to the movie , unless it 's to say that stealing from B-list celebrities will make you equally as famous , in which case , is n't it just contributing to the problem ?
True crime with a dash of social satire ... Coppola remains mesmerizingly stylish , but ... The Bling Ring winds up being skin deep : superficial characters portrayed superficially in a shallow-pool reflection of shallowness .
Coppola has n't created a sharp film , but it 's certainly an observant one , and could possibly qualify as effective birth control for some .
Coppola skillfully conveys a key cultural shift : the desire for fame supplanted by an appetite for infamy .
The brilliance of The Bling Ring is in the question it presents as its thesis - ` Can you really blame them ? '
It 's a hell of a headline but ultimately not much of a movie . Coppola perpetuates vapidity instead of processing it .
Provocative and beautifully crafted , radiating with another one of the auteur 's typically flawless soundtrack compilations , `` The Bling Ring '' brings insight and hypnotic urgency to a story not to be believed if it were n't so unbelievably true .
Feels ... like a magazine article overstretched into a feature length film .
Whether or not you agree with the characters ' motivations , it 's far too easy to understand how the world we currently live in can lead to something like this happening .
While it 's no VIRGIN SUICIDES or LOST IN TRANSLATION , THE BLING RING is still a sad glimpse into our fascination with fame .
It 's not that it 's a bad movie . Mostly , it 's just on the inconsequential side .
`` The Bling Ring '' is an excellent piece of story-telling about an almost unbelievable crime spree . Ultimately , there is no honor among thieves .
For all its beautifully established mood , this film remained , at least for me , curiously unsatisfying-a kind of exquisitely tasteful after-school special .
... an account of youthful disaffection being assuaged by excessive materialism .
... a sly message about America 's celebrity culture , a food chain subtext that equates the kids with their quarry .
sometimes reminiscent of Adrian Lyne 's tragic depiction of latch-key L.A. teens in 1980 's Foxes , but Coppola 's characters do n't draw the sympathy ... nor does it feel as intrinsic of a representation of its time
Sofia Coppola 's sly comment on the vapidness of pop culture and a group of teens lost in transition points out our obsession with fame and gets it all right .
The Bling Ring is something new from the Lost in Translation director . It continues her ongoing portraits of teen alienation , but it 's also full of big laughs .
The film does n't celebrate or critique this pervasive culture that values fame and wealth above all things ; it simply becomes it , with Coppola as a cinematic anthropologist .
The young actors , including Katie Chang , Israel Broussard , and a very un-Harry Potter-ish Emma Watson , are engagingly blank , and Coppola films their exploits with a smooth and slowly accumulating creepiness .
She neither explains nor excuses nor extols nor excoriates these kids , which would be fine , but she does n't really examine them either .
Glitzy but superficial dramedy has swearing , alcohol , drugs .
The film 's best moments demonstrate just how skilled -LSB- Coppola 's -RSB- become at conveying material longing , even when such yearnings have reached the realm of the perverse .
Where exactly is the drama here ? Why tell this story at all ?
With so many vicarious celebrations of wealth masquerading as critiques as it is , I think you owe the audience at least the wisp of a point of view , and there 's none here . There is no here here .
It 's hard not to think , `` What idiots . ''
This is the first time where the director has allowed herself to be so openly contemptuous of the people in her own movie and that judgmental air suffocates The Bling Ring .
` The Bling Ring ' occupies a vertiginous middle ground between banality and transcendence , and its refusal to commit to one or the other is both a mark of integrity and a source of frustration .
If it was Sofia Coppola 's intention to portray Lindsay Lohan , Paris Hilton , and Audrina Patridge as the unfortunate , sympathetic victims of teens run rampant in The Bling Ring , then , great work ?
The Bling Ring is the cinematic equivalent of the vapid , superficial kids it features - all visual panache and minimal substance .
Make no mistake , it is lovely to look at this celebrity bedazzled bit of L.A. crime history for a while . But the movie ultimately leaves you feeling as empty as the lives it means to portray .
-LSB- A -RSB- weirdly fascinating , beautifully composed film .
Coppola , as ever , works in the subtlety of observation , immersing in the world of the characters and laying its flaws bare as opposed to strongly essaying the downfall of youth
Though on the surface `` The Bling Ring '' is slight of aim and repetitive of structure , it is actually a slam-dunk conservative critique of American culture ...
The Bling Ring is a gloriously repugnant fever dream of reckless excess , rampant insensitivity , and spiritual isolation , one that is absolutely effective in getting its desired visceral reaction from the audience .
It could have been one of those ripped-from-the-headlines quickies you see on subpar cable . Instead , The Bling Ring plugs into the zeitgeist of trash culture and sparks like a live wire .
It would rather mock its protagonists than help us understand them .
Deceptively shallow but ultimately fascinating .
It is n't as slick as ` Spring Breakers , ' but it benefits from a boost in intrigue , appeal , and credibility courtesy of its outrageous factual source material .
The scariest thing in theaters this summer is definitely over priviledged high school kids ; unfortunately their film is only as enthralling as a day in Paris Hilton 's life . Glamorous , but there 's just not much going on beneath the surface .
Quick-witted , well-cast and directed with a deft touch , `` The Bling Ring '' is Sofia Coppola 's best work in years .
Burrows deep into a social strata that seems to float just below the surface of everyday consciousness ... You ca n't help but engage . At least I could n't .
Narratively static and morally banal . That may be par for the course , however , when half the movie is spent watching shallow kids try on other people 's clothes .
The Bling Ring is n't so much interested in provocation as sociology . Manufacturing this sort of fame is an exercise in mutual exploitation .
A way-cool account of a real-life crime spree in Southern California that trips on Sofia Coppola 's failure to take a directorial stance .
It 's obvious that Coppola knows this milieu , what these kids wear and the way they speak .
Sofia Coppola is our foremost cinematic interpreter of emotional dislocation and moral blankness .
A winking condemnation of a generation of naive , covetous privacy-abandoning teens
Coppola observes the sticky-fingered waifs in their natural habitat -LRB- home , school , Paris Hilton 's house -RRB- with her characteristic light touch and absence of mockery ; there 's no need for it , as her chief characters are seemingly beyond parody .
A rich -LRB- and even urgent -RRB- portrait of a society that has lost control of its culture , a place where aspirations have become the ultimate impediment to actual happiness .
The Bling Ring is enjoyable . And it 's always easy on the eyes .
Sofia Coppola seems curiously unmotivated to bring full analysis or provocation to her themes , leaving the film feeling like a disappointingly toothless satire .
Shallow yet scary , superficially documenting a banal youth culture of self-surveillance .
A sharp-edged portrait of a band of amoral teenage thieves in Southern California who have a passion for fashion , a yearning to have more , and a desire to experience the cheap thrills of danger .
While the film is repetitive , it is n't boring ; while the world it represents is morally ugly , the picture is striking to look at .
It is an enjoyable , amusing and well-executed film even if it does feel awfully insubstantial and inconsequential .
It 's an intriguing notion , but one wishes Coppola would n't pound on this single point for her movie 's entire running time .
Eschewing the languorous rhythms and visual lyricism of her previous work , Coppola has crafted a fast-paced caper about vapid youth obsessed with wealth and notoriety .
More bling than ring of truth in a Post-Occupy world . As Hollywood 's projecting paranoid flavor of attacks on their privileges by the poor here and countries they in actuality exploit , adds a new economic crisis class enemy , the diminished middle class .
A breezy , deadpan satire on our obsession with celebrity culture and the lengths some people will go to secure a fleeting moment in the limelight .
An off-putting , based-on-actual-events ode to the rich and clueless .
The problem with The Bling Ring is that it is very nearly as vapid as the people that it depicts .
A cool and intriguing cinematic journey , largely free of either editorial commentary or amateur psychology .
Does n't explore the who 's and why 's of the scenario so much as the how 's and why-not 's .
This is Sofia Coppola 's cocaine movie , which is still a lot calmer than Scorsese 's cocaine movie .
Coppola wants to chastise a tabloid culture where almost anybody can become an instant celebrity ... but it 's an easy target and when spun through a group of barely sketched characters ... it makes The Bling Ring a weightless experience ...
The Bling Ring is the first of -LSB- Coppola 's -RSB- pictures that I actively dislike -- I sense no mystery , no depth there .
The film plays like the material its criticizing - an artful `` E! True Hollywood Story . ''
Though the material is sensational , the film is on the blah side .
Watching The Bling Ring , the audience is invited to understand the impulses of these child-woman thieves , even as Coppola stands firmly apart from their craziness and sees them for who they are .
The young cast impress greatly at times and their delivery of some of the more amusing lines with a pout and a `` like totally '' help make The Bling Ring something of an enjoyable experience , despite it 's flimsiness .
Coppola 's latest never seems to know what it wants to be - it works best when it is a blackly comical parody but it too often pulls its punches and is never quite brave enough to be bold .
Sofia Coppola 's fascination with the young and over-privileged reaches a logical plateau with The Bling Ring , a hyperaware consideration of celebrity intrigue and idolization .
There is something in Coppola 's weightless , affectless portrayal of their crime spree that is very effective , and this is a film whose interest definitely grows on a second viewing .
Everything comes together for the good here : visuals , performances , raucous soundtrack , Coppola 's teasing flirtation with , yet ultimate lack of commitment to , some kind of concrete morality .
The film ... is rather one-tone - they break into houses , wear clothes , go to clubs , do drugs and get caught - and lacks any real sense of drama .
Always adept at directing young performers , Coppola encourages fine work here from her cast of mostly newcomers , with Watson taking special relish in shedding her goody-two-shoes `` Harry Potter '' persona .
Perhaps even more here than in her other films , Coppola 's attitude toward her subject seems equivocal , uncertain ; there is perhaps a smidgen of social commentary , but she seems far too at home in the world she depicts to offer a rewarding critique of it .
-LSB- D -RSB- ispassionately subversive and quietly modern , The Bling Ring may well be a morality tale with no moral .


@highlight

While it 's certainly timely and beautifully filmed , The Bling Ring suffers from director Sofia Coppola 's failure to delve beneath the surface of its shallow protagonists ' real-life crimes .