a perfect date movie , with a nice blend of romance and light-hearted comedy
Not even the ever-likable Seyfried at full-blast sun-kissed luminescence can win the battle against such trite , tired material nor make a viable leading man out of her pretty boy zero of a co-star .
... Succeeds on the basis of pure delight , the optimism it emits and an earned happily-ever-after ending .
If you 're in the mood for some school-girl daydream fairytale , Letters to Juliet about fits the bill , but even fans of this sort of thing are likely to find themselves short of patience well before the end .
Formulaic and telegraphic , there are no surprises in this chaste , passionless movie ...
It 's all rather pleasant , but it 's also all rather conventional .
Pisma Juliji nije film koji će se dugo pamtiti , ali predstavljaju zanatski ispeglano ostvarenje koje neće razočarati ljubitelje svog anra
Winick ladles on the cliches with shameless abandon .
A gloriously tacky Italian romance .
Both exasperatingly vapid and easy to sit through .
The picture never looks fussed-over or flattened -- it breathes , as opposed to just looking merely pretty .
Letters to Juliet ... it 's a chick flick thing .
The film unravels in a dispiriting morass of clichés and cringy lines .
A pair of mediocre leading men sabotage this otherwise charming chick flick .
Vanessa Redgrave and the spectacular locales of Tuscany are the main reasons to tolerate the tepid and predictable story ...
You can guess the whole film but the picture postcard locations are easy on the eye and the wonderful Redgrave steals the show . Her heartfelt conviction and natural warmth slice through all the schmaltz to make the silly storyline feel real and touching .
What kind of twisted fantasy is this ?
As an antidote to the sugar , what we need now is a grumpy film called Letters to Lady Macbeth , in which malcontents leave rage-filled missives in the battlements of Glamis Castle .
Letters From Juliet is far from a great movie . But if you 're female or -- like me -- a man with a taste for romance and a fairer deal for our senior citizens , this is one of the year 's guiltiest pleasures .
It 's hard to convey the sheer awfulness . And that 's not just me being a grumpy bloke confronted with a chick flick .
Seyfried acts like she 's spaced out on limoncello in a role even Kate Hudson would have turned down .
An unashamedly mushy concoction , Letters To Juliet is the cinematic equivalent of a Barbara Cartland novel , aimed at mainstream romance fans aged anywhere between 13 and 113 .
Redgrave 's performance is touching , but generally this romcom is far too schmaltzy .
Irked by the endless will they/won ' t they , girl tells boy : `` This is really painful . '' After close to two hours of fairly unremarkable viewing , at that point the feeling is mutual .
The script , sighing , twittering and doing D.H. Lawrence lite , would be rejected as too whimsical by Mills and Boon .
This is an all-fudging , all-sludging Cheesepocalypse Now of a movie .
Let 's just say it 's nice to see Redgrave sharing a few scenes with her real-life hubby Franco Nero four decades after their first get-together in 1966 's Camelot .
Despite a potentially decent premise , this is a disappointing romance , let down by terrible dialogue , poor plotting , severe miscasting , a charisma-free performance from Christopher Egan and a total lack of chemistry between its two leads .
Moviegoers do n't like surprises in their romantic comedies , and this one plays it particularly safe .
-LSB- T -RSB- hose who want something beyond a paint-by-numbers romance/travelogue ... will be disappointed .
It 's impossible to get excited about such cardboard roles from writers Jose Rivera and Tim Sullivan . These two need to write to Juliet ASAP to rediscover their love for writing % u2014 if they ever had it .
Nicely weighted performances and the beautiful Italian setting combine to make this an unassuming treat .
A pleasant and consistently engaging romance ...
Somewhere , not so long ago , a documentary was made about the true-life background of this fictional romance .
Of the dozens of chick flicks to come out this year , THIS is the one that 's not bad !
I was with Sophie 's journey right from the start , Claire 's quest for a fabled lost romance one that held my heart in the palm of its hand making me care about the outcome far more than it arguably had any right to do .
... an acceptable time-killer ...
Asking Juliet Capulet for relationship advice is a little bit like asking John McCain for campaign consulting , is n't it ?
Twaddle and hooey driven by a self-absorbed blonde
-LSB- H -RSB- alf a lovely , bittersweet movie about longing and romance and making mistakes and living with regret ...
Doubt that the stars are fire , but never doubt that Letters to Juliet is the biggest load of weepie sludge we are likely to see this year . Naturally , I quite enjoyed it .
Seyfried is delightful in this movie whereas I have found her just annoying in others . Maybe it is that she gets to share the screen with Bernal and the luminous Vanessa . Those two could make anybody look good . Still Seyfried is also good in her scenes wi
Like 1962 's ` Rome Adventure , ' this saccharine story with incredible scenery is pleasant entertainment .
A radiant Vanessa Redgrave heads an almost perfect cast in this unabashedly romantic movie
Do n't blame the Bard for Letters to Juliet
If it was n't for the cliched bickering between two characters that will eventually fall in love , this could have worked . It 's a good subject and a beautiful location .
Unfortunately , the main couple in the film competes in vain against the scenery .
Why do I love thee , Juliet ? Let me count the ways : there are no decapitations , no car crashes , no gun fights , no pratfalls , no talking animals and no aliens - just one beautiful love story , two captivating romances and lots of picturesque Italian scenery .
If you 've seen the trailer , you 've seen the movie .
Let 's just say this is the sort of movie where if a character is shown climbing up some shrubbery , you just know a branch will break and send him tumbling earthward .
It 's a bath in schmaltz from beginning to end but it also has Redgrave who brings instant depth to even the most throwaway of lines .
Seyfried is a real beauty and her star is definitely on the rise after adding this definitive chick flick to her resume . Redgrave is still a classy dame and steals every scene that she appears in ...
-LSB- Redgrave 's -RSB- performance makes the predictable antics of Letters to Juliet worth tolerating .
Endless vistas of the lush Italian countryside , some playful banter , and a likable cast make `` Letters to Juliet '' worthwhile , even if you feel like you 've seen it before . Several times before .
Super swoony romantic fluff that 's fun for tweens .
Seyfried , whose heart frankly does n't even seem to be in this movie , has no discernible chemistry with either of the men in her life .
I want to live in the alternate universe where Vanessa Redgrave 's Claire is the lead of Letters to Juliet and the two vapid dorks who trail her on a journey of lost love can learn a lesson or two but never take the spotlight .
Director Gary Winick and screenwriters Jose Rivera and Tim Sullivan deal in genre clichés , sure , yet they let us view them with fresh eyes .
Not to be a cynic or anything , but maybe a fictional 13-year-old is n't the best source of advice for the lovelorn .
The light breaking through yonder window is the glare of critical scrutiny - and Letters to Juliet looks pathetic in it .
As you might guess , after a great deal of sniping Sophie and Charlie supposedly fall for each other . But the audience never buys it .
Screenwriters Jose Rivera and Tim Sullivan have penned some great lines , but also some clunkers , most of which were written for Seyfried and Egan .
`` Letters to Juliet '' takes an improbable script and turns it into a moving love story , featuring wonderful performances by Vanessa Redgrave and Amanda Seyfried .
Road-tripping romance that features a talented cast and gorgeous locales but an overly sappy plot and nap-inducing pace .
Apart from a handful of nicely crafted , brittle exchanges between the two young leads as the antipathy between them transforms into sexual tension , the film is full of shameless Italian stereotypes and poorly executed screwball comedy .
An amusing , touching , reassuringly wholesome romantic travelogue of a film that flies by on its way to the inevitable happy ending .
Love is a commodity in the world of Letters to Juliet , to be processed and marketed as another studio might a G.I. Joe or a Transformer .
Cinematographer Marco Pontecorvo 's sun-drenched palette would be a perfectly sound reason to see this film , but happily it 's not the only one .
Letters to Juliet represents an interesting paradox : it is a movie that is very nearly perfect without being especially good .
Who can resist such ravishing travel porn ?
What 's so awful about taking a breather ? It 's enough to bask in the pastoral prettiness and the unexpected harmony of Seyfried and Redgrave .
... while -LSB- Vanessa -RSB- Redgrave ca n't cut the clichés out of Letters to Juliet entirely , she at least cuts through them occasionally .
Predictable though the film is , Vanessa Redgrave does nearly mystical work and the film in general has enough humor to make the trip worthwhile .
As the Taylor Swift song kicks in at the climax and Seyfried has her big romantic moment , you ca n't help but crane your neck to see what Redgrave is up to in the background .
If the filmmakers had spent less time on the visual , and more time on appropriate characterizations and a believable script , we might have been as much in love with the film as it seems to be with itself .
Pure fluffy eye candy .
A sappily-ever-after fairy tale .
Save yourself 10 bucks , and an hour and 45 minutes of your precious time .
The story is as straight and obvious as raw spaghetti .
If you dropped a feather and Letters to Juliet from a tall building simultaneously , which one would hit the ground first ? It 's lightweight and lazy , an outline for a movie .
Letters to Juliet does poke fun at itself occasionally , but not enough to keep us from saying , `` Grazie ! '' when it finally ends .
Seyfried almost makes up for Dear John as the everygirl heroine who wants to be Julia Roberts for the iPod generation .
I wish the film was more focused on the love story between Vanessa Redgrave and Franco Nero . Instead , we are made to sit through a foreground love story with zero chemistry .
Redgrave brings a lovely gravity to the lightweight proceedings , while Seyfried again proves an unusually levelheaded presence .
With all the beautiful settings and attractive people and gorgeously lit vineyards , there is an air of artificiality to Juliet , which is to real-life romance what Cheetos are to a nice piece of aged cheddar . But who does n't like a Cheeto now and then ?
Sure , you know more or less -LRB- ok , more -RRB- what 's going to happen % u2014let 's not pretend this is the sort of story that can ever rise above its genesis % u2014but within this limited range of ambition , Letters to Juliet rises to the top .
The arguably overexposed Amanda Seyfried -LRB- if you 've seen `` Chloe '' you know I 'm not exaggerating -RRB- is charming in the otherwise belabored and contrived `` Letters to Juliet . ''
Hollywood fantasy and teen-girl wish-fulfillment , with very little personality .
There is nothing to Sophie beyond her relationships to the two men in her life -LRB- and her writing Claire 's story -RRB- .
This may be the first screen romance in recent memory where the inclusion of ABBA lyrics might have actually come across as an improvement .
Parental Content Review -LRB- all the details you need to know -RRB-
Tame , predictable and a little dull .
Its cast is remarkably strong for such simple fare . Cynics will mock it , but it 's an undeniable crowd pleaser even if its resolution drags on too long .
Redgrave is radiant as the woman who is hoping for a romantic miracle .
Redgrave is incandescent , and casting Franco Nero as Lorenzo was inspired .
Letters to Juliet is a by-the-numbers romantic comedy -- and I mean that in a good way .
It 's almost like the movie is afraid of what it should be -- a young , frisky love story that should be exuberant and carefree , even if it means risking making a fool of itself . What 's love , after all , if it does n't do exactly that ?
There are worse ways to spend a couple of hours . Set in some stunning locales in Italy , Letters is a guilty pleasure that 's lighter on the guilt and heavier on the pleasure .
As the genre goes , this is a superior offering . It gives the first clear evidence that the doe-eyed Seyfried can really act ; it soothes the eyes with luscious views of beautiful Tuscany in all its moods ...
In a word , Letters to Juliet is rubbish , but Seyfried and Redgrave make it tolerable in their different ways .
From the people who wish they 'd brought you THE NOTEBOOK .
A fetching romantic melodrama with a delicious performance by Vanessa Redgrave as an elderly woman on a quest for love .
What 's important is that it avoids the unfunny jokiness and juvenile tendencies that define too many romantic comedies while also sidestepping the mawkishness of the Nicolas Sparks-inspired dramas .
I 'd take any woman in my life , ages 10 to 100 , to Letters to Juliet and my guess is we 'd both leave with a little Italian glow .
Letters to Juliet offers little to viewers besides many trite truisms about the ways of the heart , some sumptuous views of the Tuscan countryside and a lovely performance by Redgrave .
Ms. Redgrave gives the film , which was directed by Gary Winick , a heart and a buoyant spirit . Seeing her in action is like sitting in on a master acting class .
A sugary paean to quixotic clichés and a film destined to be a guilty pleasure for some -LRB- me included , sigh -RRB- and the painful price of a relationship for others -LRB- so steel yourselves -RRB- .
This one burns going down , like cheap Chianti .
Seyfried has worked opposite some of the greatest actors in filmdom in recent years , including Meryl Streep and Julianne Moore . That she again holds her own , this time with Redgrave , is a measure of her talent .
It 's no `` Under the Tuscan Sun , '' but it 's a far better sit than `` When in Rome . ''
A blithely frivolous movie that glows with as much starry-eyed cliché and scenic splendor as it shudders with illogic and lack of common sense .
Redgrave ! Slim and silvery as lightning , she is always a revelation . She accelerates the movie by slowing down to silent stillness in order fully to hear -- and carefully digest -- what others do and say .
A purported comedy that had me mentally following minor characters off screen , wondering if their lives might be more interesting than what was happening on it .
It 's harmless and pretty and utterly predictable , but kind of a waste of time for anyone who 's ever seen , well , any other romantic comedy set in a beautiful location .
Where the movie fails completely is the most important , meat-and-potatoes parts . Namely , the main characters and a compelling , believable story line . These are both lacking .
You do n't have to be 13 and a tapioca-brained romantic to enjoy Letters to Juliet . But it would help .
If well done , a film like Letters To Juliet should need no surprises . But it does need more than the postcard-ready vistas against which director Gary Winick frames much of the action .
Letters to Juliet is a guilty pleasure for the ladies , perfect Blu-ray fodder when their significant others turn them into World of Warcraft widows for the evening .
The feel-good Seyfried movie of the year -- though that 's not such a hard feat when your two other yearly releases include a Nicholas Sparks weepie and a twisted Atom Egoyan psycho-thriller .
Anyone who considers this a decent romance should check out Max Ophuls 's `` Letter From an Unknown Woman . ''
What light through yonder window breaks ? 'T is the fiery wrath of William Shakespeare , dragged back to this mortal coil to lend his cred to a dreadful chick flick .
Like Taylor Swift 's pop hit `` Love Story , '' Garry Winick 's Letters to Juliet references Shakespeare to prop up its cornball fairy-tale romanticism .
All -LSB- the movie -RSB- proves is that if you 're going to make a road movie rom-com , you should invite Vanessa Redgrave to tag along on the journey ... Her grace and charm overshadow all else in it .
The key to the film 's success is its lack of strain . As written by Jose Rivera and Tim Sullivan , this is n't one of those pushy slapstick affairs ; it 's more romantic than comic , and despite the corn there are no villains .
Eye candy abounds , but it 'd be easier to enjoy that sun-drenched scenery if director Gary Winick were n't so hell-bent on cramming clichés down our throats that include square-jawed hunks riding in on white horses and scaling balconies .
I know the ending is preordained from the setup . I know the characters are broad and comforting stereotypes . In this case , I simply do n't care . Sometimes we have personal reasons for responding to a film .
A date movie for the undiscriminating ... Anyone who might accidentally think about what they 're seeing should probably stay away .
The actors , particularly Seyfried and Redgrave , help make the movie 's romantic spirit contagious .
The good news is that Letters to Juliet is only the third-worst romantic comedy set in Europe released this year .
While not a messy film , Juliet is persistently hollow , diving into a dopey rom-com conclusion -LRB- with cutesy Shakespearean overtones -RRB- that merely confirms the insipid direction at hand .
Shakespeare need not feel threatened by this movie , but ` Letters to Juliet ' is nonetheless wholesome TV fare .
Find me a flight to Verona !
Every turn of Letters to Juliet is obvious and expected , even insufferable .
It 's a movie of blandly pretty `` establishing shots , '' Seyfried walking her lovely self across this piazza or that vineyard .
There 's not a lot to say about this film , it 's enjoyable in a very predictable way .
There are a few moments where the romance is overdone , and the film verges on being too sentimental , but those scenes are saved by the sweet performances of its cast .
There 's nothing wrong with a squishy , sentimental romantic confection now and then . But Letters to Juliet is a mere lollipop . It 's gone before its 101-minute running time expires , and you 're left with the stick .
Letters To Juliet is a gentle , charming story that features a winning lead performance from Amanda Seyfried .
Gary Winick 's flat direction does the material no favors : If Egan and Seyfried have any chemistry , it 's framed out of their awkwardly staged climactic kisses .
Does n't have a lick of cynicism -- it 's as pure of heart as they come . A fine ideal , but it feels as flat as a pizza .
Well and truly geared to a female audience who are likely to savour the fanciful plot and neatly wrapped feel-good denouement .
As a romantic tale , the movie is bland and predictable and the only reasons to see it are the luminous appearance of Vanessa Redgrave in a supporting role and the picaresque beauty of its setting , Verona .
By the time we have adjusted to all that European summer sunlight streaming through Seyfried 's silky hair , the film is already well on the road to Fluffsville .
Diabetics steer clear ; so awfully saccharine is the derivative romantic drama Letters to Juliet , it may induce a hyperglycemic coma .
The double romantic payoff is beautifully directed and performed ; it 's not just what but how it 's done in this satisfying escapist romance aimed at women , young or old .
Beautiful scenery and a cute premise ca n't camouflage a stale plot in bland romance .
Jose Rivera and Tim Sullivan 's script relentlessly piles on goopy conversation-stoppers like `` Do you believe in destiny ? '' and `` I did n't know that true love had an expiration date . ''






@highlight

Letters to Juliet has a refreshingly earnest romantic charm , but it suffers from limp dialogue and an utter lack of surprises .