Since her star-making turn in Volver , Cruz has evolved into a great actress , whose films the audience longs to return to : she and Almodóvar have created whole and complete worlds . Indeed , Broken Embraces mirrors our own - but brightly .
... Broken Embraces is a well-written story of a love so precious it hurt .
The entire third act is anticlimactic and forgettable , and one has to wonder why Mr. Almodóvar has to let his penchant for melodrama ruin a well executed noir .
Though the film offers nothing new for the eyes , its wordiness ultimately acts as a complement rather than a drawback to Almodóvar 's masterful storytelling .
Almodóvar and Cruz fail to engage this time around .
Continues the director 's streak of reliably elegant , original works , making the case , once again , that there are few other European directors working today who can match his particular blend of thought-provoking , artful , yet wholly accessible cinema .
Um dos piores trabalhos de Almodóvar , aqui totalmente entregue à auto-indulgência , ao melodrama barato e às caricaturas -LRB- o que não é novidade -RRB- , mas sem a sensibilidade costumeira que normalmente contrabalança seus excessos .
Pedro Almodovar reteams with Penelope Cruz , and you have your review right there .
I must be completely dazzled by Pedro Almodóvar 's current skills as a filmmaker because I really enjoyed Broken Embraces even though I had several reasons not to .
The broken field running of the film 's time line requires each viewer to reassemble the story in his head .
While the writing is n't as sharp or as funny as it is in Almodovar 's best movies , so be it -- it 's a hell of a lot sharper and more interesting than most of the mass-produced movies coming out of Hollywood .
This meandering melodrama is too fractured , too soap opera-ish and is just too odd ... even by the Oscar-winning , Spanish filmmaker 's usual standards .
Above all , `` Broken Embraces '' shows how deeply Almodóvar is in love with movies , not just as things to be watched and enjoyed , but to be felt deep in the bones .
Gives us few reasons not to stay to the ending , but the ultimate revelation of Blanco 's pain ... disappoints .
A very worthy close-out for his remarkable output of the last decade .
A cliche-ridden exercise that never exhibits any real heart and focuses on characters who never come alive , it also never comes close to living up to the promise of the names in the credits .
In Almodóvar , the past is reckoned by characters of the present , a layering over which we revel .
Almodovar dives into this knotty , plotty mess the only way he can - with utter abandon and what might be best described as a kind of artful recklessness .
The end result is less than the sum of its parts , a smoke 'n' mirrors melodrama that peters out just when it should be revving into high gear .
The unbeatable Oscar-winning combination of legendary Spanish writer/director Pedro Almodovar and international superstar beauty Penelope Cruz makes this lavishly mounted melodrama a cinematic gem .
Sex , cinema and fate -- three of Pedro Almodovar 's favorite subjects -- are lovingly examined in his Broken Embraces .
By this point , the phrase ` Un Film de Almodovar ' connotes a genre unto itself , as identifiable by its themes , character types and visual trademarks as a Western , Hammer horror movie or vintage screwball comedy .
A rich , tangled and layered work whose lurid , sensual style -- and seething and ebbing score by Alberto Iglesias -- is like lava cooling upon the volcano below .
While it may not be Almodóvar 's greatest work , it still stands well above most other films in terms of intrigue , intelligence and innovation .
This melancholy romance is the first Almodovar feature I 've ever really liked , an expertly fashioned melodrama that steers mercifully clear of his usual puckishness and star-mongering .
The experience can be heady and delirium-provoking , but hey , that 's cinema for you .
Parental Content Review
There are moments of Hitchcockian uneasiness , accentuated by Cruz 's typically stellar performance and her disturbingly close resemblance to Audrey Hepburn -LRB- which lends a feeling that this delicate flower could be crushed in an instant -RRB- .
Stylish and sly , an engaging exercise that gives us less than meets the eye .
One failing in the film is how boring it is to watch Cruz pretend to be a bad actress . The comic movie within a movie , which borrows from Women on the Verge , is n't funny .
Vicky Cristina Madrid !
The filmmaker kept me continually off balance , my laughs having to find their way through a shower of tears all while the unyielding tension of the central mystery kept my insides twisting into tighter and tighter knots .
It all adds up to an entertaining mash of suspense and melodrama .
As long as Almodovar keeps investing such thought and energy in his work , he can play with whatever themes he desires .
Una obra auto referencial que es , en definitiva , la menos inspirada en la etapa reciente de Almodóvar . Sigue siendo un director inquieto , en más de un sentido audaz e inconformista , pero esta vez no conmueve .
The story is twisted and complex , yet it emerges as sleek and unfussy . The characters ' actions are grandly melodramatic , but the movie is close and intimate .
With gloriously noir production design , the film is sculpted around Cruz ' breathless beauty and radiant talent -- but the story , as well as the other actors , suffer from Almodóvar 's inattention .
It 's both ridiculous and ridiculously romantic , which is an apt description of a work shaped like a heart and structured like a pretzel .
All of the actors do good work , but as is often the case in Almodóvar films , the women own the movie .
The latest from Pedro Almodovar is a melo-tragicomedy so twisty that it eventually twisted the interest right out of me .
Pedro Almodovar 's latest movie is positively drunk in its desire for handsome actors and beautiful actresses , gorgeously art-directed sets , suspense , comedy , ironic flashbacks , tragic romance .
In Almodóvar and Cruz we have a real collaboration of artist and inspiration that only seems to improve and deepen over time .
Perhaps Almodovar and film noir simply do n't mix .
A homage to past masters like Hitchcock and Sirk , done up in irresistible Almodovar style ... as a directorial love-letter to films and filmmaking , it 's an absolute winner .
More sub-Sirk-ian soap from Pedro Almodóvar , who was once a must-see filmmaker .
When film makers start making films about film makers , you begin to worry that they 've run out of inspiration .
Hollywood has become strangely squeamish about sex . That 's never been a problem for Pedro Almodovar , who reminds us early on in Broken Embraces why his movies have become a refuge for grown-ups seeking sexual candor .
It is an artifact of evanescent love , preserved for the ages , a memento mori of all that is lost , like the films of Rossellini and Almodóvar , and like cinema itself .
Broken Embraces is a voluptuary of a film , drunk on primary colors , caressing Penelope Cruz , using the devices of a Hitchcock to distract us with surfaces while the sinister uncoils beneath .
For the first time since the 1990s , I think that the director has put together a film without quite understanding why it is urgent for him to do so .
... always an interesting filmmaker to watch .
Almodóvar enthuses Broken Embraces with the love of movies and moviemaking .
All the performances in Broken Embraces are brilliant , none more so than from Cruz -LRB- who is maturing in Almodovar 's films into a classic actress -RRB- and Homar -LRB- a smooth , cultured presence on screen -RRB- .
While Cruz acquits herself capably , this is , necessarily , an exercise in virtuosic superficiality .
Even though it may not stand among Almodóvar 's best , it 's still a wildly enjoyable , sumptuous , and rewarding film .
The work of a filmmaker at the peak of his powers and is one of the few genuine must-sees of the season .
Amid all this dazzling artifice , the film 's most authentic source of power comes from its star .
Cruz is creased and bent by the pressures the movie 's hectic plot pounds her with . She is never less than ` perfect ' , but she also deeply human and no longer impossible ... and that 's movie magic .
A cubist soap opera with enough time-shifted twists and turns to induce travel sickness , Broken Embraces is a distinctly disposable offering from Almodovar . Nevertheless , even his throwaway efforts would be considered absolute keepers by most filmmakers .
Spain 's best-known living director Pedro Almodovar ranks among the modern masters of melodrama -- as he demonstrates once again in Broken Embraces
The beauty of Broken Embraces is the joy Almodóvar brings to his storytelling . The movie is as personal and rewarding a contribution to his remarkable body of work as All About My Mother and Talk to Her .
Almodovar could 've played it entirely for laughs , with a flick of his wrist and a tonal adjustment . It 's best he did n't , though . The movie putters near the end , but it 's a film lover 's delight .
While it lacks the punchy comedy of Volver and the aching sadness of Bad Education , Broken Embraces remains a real treat for fans of the director .
Broken Embraces is Almodovar on autopilot .
Sorry , Pedro , but this tepid trudge through the shallow stuff of men is most remarkable for being such a dramatic under-performer .
Even though it may not be Almodovar 's best film , it is still eminently watchable and thoroughly enjoyable .
Hypnotic beauty and emotion reveal the Spanish director to be still at the height of his powers .
In Broken Embraces , his vibrant new mixed genre thriller , he is out to entertain and intrigue . Almodovar also wants to tell us something about desire and his love of cinema .
Tending to meander at times , there 's still plenty to enjoy if typical Almodovar multiple narratives do n't confuse you .
Pedro Almodovar delivers yet another visually rich and quirky viewing experience with the release of his 17th big screen feature .
The sure cinematic hand of Pedro Almodóvar falters and fumbles here as he attempts to fuse together a melodrama with a thriller plus something of a spiritual journey for his central character , Mateo ... superbly portrayed by Lluis Homar
With its themes of revenge , sexual obsession , love and jealousy , Pedro Almodóvar follows his own tried and true recipe for grand melodrama ... characters spin complex webs . It 's engaging and involving , although it is not Almodóvar 's best work
The writer-director is up to his old tricks , creating an onion of an experience -- a movie within a movie within a movie , irony in each layer , poignancy that stings and whimsy that bites .
If you somehow were n't already sold on the ridiculous gorgeousness of Penélope Cruz , this should do the trick .
Broken Embraces remains fixed on the ways that men seek control of the not-so-elusive Lena .
is n't as finely tuned as Almodóvar classics like `` Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown , '' which `` Girls and Suitcases '' is clearly covering , but fans of the director 's work will find much to indulge in .
A sumptuous and saddening feast of noir massaged in minute detail by the master of women in trouble .
Even beautifully executed , formally flawless constraint does not quite suit Almodovar .
Pedro Almodovar 's `` Broken Embraces '' is a rapt essay in film-noir atmosphere -- the classic black-and-white fog of desperation , treachery and impending disaster -- which has been translated here in carefully calibrated color .
It -LRB- TM -RRB- s a sheer indulgence for Almodvar and just as indulgent for his fans .
While it does n't pack the emotional heft of director Pedro Almodvar 's most moving films , such as Volver , it is stylish and arresting , with powerful performances and a compelling , if at times contrived , story .
Pedro Almodóvar 's Broken Embraces is a lush , deeply romantic noir dense with nods to films past , yet it plays as if it sprung fully formed from the director 's unconscious .
Intriguing , well-structured and mildly engaging with strong performances , but its balance of comedy , melodrama and romance feels slightly uneven and contrived .
Stylish Almodovar drama is too mature for teens .
Pedro Almodóvar 's latest is perfectly titled : it 's a big , swoony kiss that does n't quite connect with the passion he intends . But fans of the Spanish auteur -- or his muse , Penélope Cruz -- will find plenty to love .
Mr. Almodóvar 's love of movies informs every frame of this beautiful film . When Harry 's fingers explore the dotted landscape of a Braille script , they bespeak the writer 's unbroken embrace of language and drama .
Penelope Cruz is a treat for the eyes , and so is her latest film , Pedro Almodovar 's sizzlingly sexy film noir Broken Embraces , a love letter to the magical power of movies to mend broken hearts .
Almodovar 's latest feels a bit lackluster after his recent string of excellent films , but it still contains some inspired , cinema-on-cinema sequences .
Leaves the viewer in a contradictory state , a mixture of devastation and euphoria , amusement and dismay that deserves its own clinical designation .
There is the beloved and the lover . The first moves in shining beauty , and the second envies every ray of light that has the gift of kissing her . This is how it is in obsessions . It 's how it is in the movies , too .
A self-reflective melodrama about filmmaking and revenge .
It 's an easy film to like , but to love it you have to have spent your entire life learning everything about the world from other films .
Broken Embraces welds Douglas Sirk melodrama to the most gracefully unsettling elements of Alfred Hitchcock , wrapping both in the stylish , hushed elegance that 's become Almodóvar 's trademark since his mid - '90s reinvention .
for all of his elegant homage , reflection , and beautiful treatment of Cruz , Almodóvar 's actual storytelling gets a little hoary
Crafted with the confidence and ambition of a master filmmaker , but that 's not quite the same as the product of a filmmaker at his peak .
Almodóvar lost his nerve when he acquired expensive technique . Inspired by Buñuel and De Palma , he used to match them . Now , his once underground satires are just expensive tearjerkers .
Like a well-crafted novel , Broken Embraces takes its time revealing its true intentions ... an emotional time bomb , packed with passion , color , romance and tragedy .
A riveting sit , due to the filmmaker 's incredible storytelling gifts , and the cast , who articulate a dreamy series of toxic encounters with sniper-like precision , tightening Almodovar 's noose with exceptional skill .
Cruz does n't coast on her beauty in Broken Embraces , and she has the kind of role that can be difficult to flesh out .
Not every time a filmmaker and his muse collaborate is it going to be a cause for celebration . Broken Embraces is a perfect example of that disappointing truth .
There 's not another filmmaker working today -LRB- or perhaps ever -RRB- who believes so strongly in the extremes of melodrama .
A vibrant , mature love letter to the making of movies , the meaning of movies , and the dark-eyed muse Penélope Cruz ...
Equal parts comic melodrama and film noir , and twice as fun as it ought to be , Broken Embraces boasts more bifurcations than any two Hitchcock classics .
Seems a touch too long , too airless , and too content with its own contrivances to stir the heart .
In no ways is Broken Embraces a bad movie , but it certainly ranks low on Almodovar 's list of brilliant films . That said , Almodovar at his worst is still genius .
... what we see here is a flawed sampler of comedy , noir , melodrama , and luscious compositions .
A gift for all scholars writing a thesis on Almodóvar . Though , for the rest of us less academically bent , Pedro 's latest is a paean to Hollywood of the '50s , passion , and jealousy , all topics he 's handled with much more wit and panache in the past .
Of all the films of movie-mad Pedro Almodóvar , Broken Embraces is his most gloriously movie-mad .
Stylish , satirical and intriguing , surreptitiously exploring themes of ambition , jealousy and betrayal - and Penelope Cruz dazzles .
click for full review
Old-hat tropes under a superficially stunning veneer .
Penelope Cruz is as hot as ever in Almodovar 's noirish tale of raging jealousy .
It is ironic that , of all Almodovar 's films , Broken Embraces is the biggest budget and the greatest length , yet it is also the dullest . His devoted fans will be delighted , but those who enjoyed Volver will be disappointed .
An intriguing film of great intelligence and formal beauty .
Gorgeous and seductive , if pitched at Almodóvar fans and perhaps a touch long . Those drawn by Cruz 's divadom will wonder why it takes so long to get to her - though she is wholly dazzling when it does .
While some of Almodóvar 's films are out-and-out heartbreakers - perfect storms of melodrama , storytelling and extreme living - this is a more cerebral , self-reflective and noir-ish affair .
Pedro Almodóvar is a film-maker so innately talented that even when half-cocked , as he is in Broken Embraces , he can somehow produce a movie that is effortlessly superior to most features .
Broken Embraces is a film in which the director demonstrates a continuing , virtuoso fluency in a cinematic language that he himself invented . It 's an embrace I want to submit to .
Broken Embraces is a riddle , wrapped in a mystery , inside a slightly overindulgent parade of gushing film references .
Like an elaborately woven cobweb , it 's a marvel but so full of holes that it 's all too easily swept from memory .
Almodóvar 's natural affinity with women -LRB- particularly women who are forced to act tough -RRB- enables an easy balance of noirish grit and that high melodrama which has become his trademark .
Entertaining enough with visuals to die for , but definitely not as emotionally rewarding as some of this director 's other recent pictures .
Despite first-class performances - from Cruz , Gomez and Homar - Almodovar 's narrative appears laboured , offering none of the surprises that lent vim and vigour to his earlier outings .
Your eyeballs will relish Almodóvar 's movie-movie cocktail , but it 'd be nice to see him serve up some fresh flavours . Despite the tactile direction , there is n't enough to resonate post-film .
The director 's previous films ... are all , in some way , about cinema - but this need is especially acute in Broken Embraces , which eats its own tail .
His films can be uncomfortably navel-gazing , and that 's the case in this somewhat maudlin contemplation of the woes of film-making and the life artistic .
Precious , pointless and tediously self-aggrandising .
The film may lack great depth , but it is a visual treat about films within films and packed with top performances .
The Spanish director 's noirish touches are a delight to behold and there are few film makers who can touch him for sheer visual artistry .
Can Pedro Almodóvar make a bad film ? The answer seems to be no , even when he might be accused of trying . Broken Embraces has a mazy plot in which a poor director would lose himself fast .
The director is toying with us , he knows it , and he knows we know it . This is n't a dud , it 's just a small disappointment .
One of the most challenging and visually accomplished films of Almodóvar 's long career .
Pedro Almodóvar 's visually sumptuous feature will please but not wow his fans , since it retreads familiar waters to unremarkable effect .
-LSB- Almodovar -RSB- frames with the greatest passion and , here , with muse Penélope Cruz dominating a story of erotic obsession , he surpasses himself .
It 's fair to say that Broken Embraces is n't one of Almodovar 's best films , but it 's still something of an interesting failure and remains worth seeing .
Perhaps not as dazzling as Almodovar 's masterpieces , this film is still an involving and sleekly well-made melodrama .
Its indulgent meta-filmic reverie and willingness to toy with film noir convention is a rare delight .
It may be a tad too long and a wee bit self-indulgent . But with sumptuous production design and great acting , it 's all done with Almodovar 's usual flair and perfect taste .
While the movie as a whole is thoroughly engrossing and all the movie references and subplots involving the cinema world undoubtedly enrich his story , this is a pretty minor film from the filmmaker .
Stylistically compelling but thematically familiar , Almodovar 's 17th film is a summation work in which he reworks ideas , characters and genres that had intrigued him for three decades without breaking new grounds , though Penelope Cruz is mesmerizing .
The sense is of an ageing director taking stock : exploring his cinematic roots , imagining his future and working through it all to emerge counting his blessings at the end .
A solid if unspectacular return to Cannes .
Feels like a mixed bag of smart ideas and nods to other pictures , rather than a coherent , distinct work of art .
In his maturity , -LSB- Almodovar -RSB- remains a distinctive stylist and a dazzling film-maker with technique to burn . Yet while his new film Broken Embraces parades his many virtues , it treads water rather than breaks new ground .
A rollicking struggle that , in the hands of consummate ringmaster Almodóvar , is a joy to watch .
Held together by the extraordinary force of Almodovar 's cinematic personality .






@highlight

Pedro Almodovar 's fourth film with Penélope Cruz is n't his finest work , but he brings his signature visual brilliance to this noirish tale , and the cast turns in some first-class performances .