The Collection offers a few surprises , nothing short of miraculous for a genre so bereft of originality
A cheap , loose remake of Aliens that substitutes rampaging hordes of xenomorphs with a gimp-masked kung-fu master .
If your diet requires you to ingest a certain amount of cinematic blood and mayhem every week , this will meet those needs , like a vitamin . Otherwise it 's for collectors only .
Much splattery nonsense ensues -- some of it rather unpleasantly sadistic , and none of it particularly clever .
Most of the rampant gore effects are too sloppy to be interesting ...
An exercise in pure sadism , The Collection moves at a clip that leaps over plot holes in its race to elicit fright . No weighty psychology or physical logic freights this enterprise .
Not scary but rather is just a disgusting exercise in gore , dismemberment and bloodletting .
Just buckets of the same old boring gore .
Comes off as a disappointment , failing to live up to its sequel potential by advancing the conflict and expanding murderous appetites in an exciting , imaginative manner .
The Collection is one of those horror films that really makes you sound like a deranged psychopath for recommending , but demands to be spread like a mind-controlling plague .
things quickly reach a level of silliness that fits more in a comedy or spoof than an actual horror film
The Collection is not going to win over gore film skeptics - and that 's not necessarily a bad thing . It 's an unapologetic celebration of splatter cinema .
The Collection never hits audiences in the stomach with any immediate sense of danger , and the dialogue and most of the performances feel entirely too campy for the movie to actually be taken seriously . Maybe that is the point , but I do n't think so .
Just a pointless exercise in sadism .
People in Hollywood need to work and surely `` The Collection '' created a lot of jobs , but there must be a better way .
Dull and repetitive , even by the standards of an already repetitive genre .
The Collection is brainless , inconsistent , and full of holes . It does offer a ton of gore , but there is absolutely nothing else to enjoy here other than that .
While I 'm not entirely sure that it makes much sense , I had a great time with its ultraviolent concoction of b-movie frippery .
Not for the squeamish and is definitely for those that can handle a lot of sick and twisted violence . Recommended for true torture porn fans .
A rare sequel that ably tops the original in just about every department .
Dunstan mistakes unpleasantness for fear , reveling in gore for its own sake and destroying any anticipation or suspense in the bargain .
Melton and Dunstan have created little more than a hollow shell for an empty box .
There 's a bad movie every week , but it takes a special one to make you start anticipating the decline of Western civilization .
The whole thing is a fairly yawn-a-rific affair until the vengeful prologue establishes a wicked role reversal , hinting at the better movie that filmmakers more interested in storytelling would have made .
More than anything , the sequel feels like an excuse for Dunstan and his effects team to see how creative they can be in the bloody killing of people using pointy metal objects .
Genre aficionados are likely to revel in every crunched bone , gratuitous decapitation and slow-motion iron-maiden impaling .
... the film turn into just another `` Saw '' sequel -LRB- minus the flimsy moralizing -RRB- ...
Feels like old-fashioned fun .
The director Marcus Dunstan and his co-writer , Patrick Melton , strike again .
Splatter quickie achieves the aims of Grand Guignol : to provoke gasps , flinches , or laughs , take your pick .
Absent any real suspense or characters , its sole purpose is inventive gore , and I guess it deserves credit for achieving the low goal it set for itself .
One can not deny that Marcus Dunstan 's completely illogical mess of a horror film certainly never bores . It 's too bafflingly stupid to be truly boring .
It 's never boring . Dumb , gross , gratuitous , and overly familiar , sure . But never boring .
The suspense-free , deeply unpleasant The Collection pummels and bloodies numerous base aspects of competent filmmaking and worthwhile moviegoing .
A murkily directed bore `` dealing '' with the subject of serial killers and revenge ...
Remarkably , the result manages to be both more preposterous and more efficient than its predecessor , with a couple of deaths occurring so swiftly they border on the subliminal .
Whereas the later Saw films were hampered by bloated backstory , various ostentatious agendas , and self-satisfied sadism , The Collection feels utterly unburdened by anything but its lean , fleet-footed plot .
This sequel to 2009 's The Collector features enough gratuitous carnage to satisfy hardcore horror fans , if few others .
An energetic but utterly weightless exercise in slice-and-dice cinema .
For those who are on board , it 's a more absurd yet equally efficient bit of grisly fun ; for those who never were , do n't expect this one to change your mind regarding mindless bloodshed .
Slick , wickedly funny , and brazenly over-the-top .
The Collection -LSB- is -RSB- a punchy piece in the pantheon of sequels .
-LSB- Marcus -RSB- Dunstan and Patrick Melton have effectively made a sequel that expands on their dark and twisted world in a gleefully gory way .
The rare horror sequel that does n't demand loyalty to its predecessor , The Collection actively avoids genre clichés for an effectively creepy post-torture thriller .
The creators of The Collector go with an Aliens framework for Part 2 , and it 's not like they 're coy about it .





@highlight

The Collection offers more grisly thrills and twisted humor than its predecessor ; in other words , fun for genre fans , but unpleasant for anyone else .