There are plenty of reasons to go see The Martian . Just know the visuals , cast and selective comedy will be worth more than the price of admission .
I ca n't say Home is the groundbreaking artistic masterpiece of storytelling we all hoped it would be , but I also disagree with idea that every new thing starring a person of color has to be spectacular and perfect .
While this message is not original , it is not negligible either . However , the strategy used to present it is not particularly successful . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Laced with gentle humor and a few genuine tugs on the heartstrings , this light-spirited romp is joyful , bubbly fun .
Basically , do n't put too much thought into this movie , because no one involved in making it did .
Mostly this is one is for the kids . Some quick-witted humour aside there 's little new for parents to enjoy , but the offspring will enjoy the snappy pacing , colourful animation and wacky ideas .
Home takes an actual science-fiction story , admittedly toned down and geared towards the younger set , and grinds it up and blends it down into another homogenized family product .
Home is more or less premised on refuting this cruel binary , encouraging kids to rethink conventions or family and otherness , fearfulness and he security of `` home '' .
While adults will be unmoved by this loud , fast-paced movie -- the cinematic equivalent of mainlining liquid Haribo -- younger viewers will lap up the kaleidoscopic aliens and sentimental life lessons .
Not only is the hero a smart , brave 7th-grade girl but she 's also an immigrant from Barbados , and a self-described nerd who got an A in geometry . She 's even a cat owner . Well done , DreamWorks .
It does n't have the richness or depth that Pixar frequently lays claim to , but it 's still a pleasing endeavor .
Home does not have Disney 's symphonic range of drama , nor does it boast particularly lavish 3D visuals . But from the first beat , it 's clear Home is n't going for the big catharsis backed by a power ballad .
Home has good messages , touching moments , cute characters and enough laughs to forgive the fact that most parents have seen this movie before .
When Tip and Oh realize how wrong they 've been about so many things , they begin moving toward real maturity and growth . That 's something viewers of all ages can appreciate .
The misadventures of this odd couple manage to deliver some laughs , some obvious moral lessons and , yes , lots of musical segues scored with Rihanna tracks .
Designed with lots of bouncy round shapes and few hard angles , this noisy and colorful 3D film frequently suggests an exploding bubblegum machine ; meanwhile , it invites viewers to chew on the political message inherent in the Boovian occupation of Earth .
Home is n't a bad movie at all ; it just lacks that intangible `` it '' factor found in the most successful animated films .
What might be mildly amusing for one minute does n't become 94 times funnier just because you pad it out to 94 minutes .
Despite nifty re-packaging of the animated-feature formula -- seemingly daring premise ; casually multicultural , international story that 's seldom pandering ; memorable hero -- Home , for all its snappy colours and crackles of joy , never quite pops .
This failure is a little surprising given the celebrity voice talent involved , but it proves even great actors need a substantive script .
Home is a blithering mess , devoid of internal narrative logic , mired in obnoxious humor , and so poorly paced that its 94 minute run-time felt like it was over two hours long .
It 's a family-friendly movie about , well , family .
Home is meant squarely for kids , but that does n't mean that accompanying adults will also not find this multi-coloured tale of the importance of friendship and familial bonds , heartwarming .
Even by DreamWorks standards , the celebrities in this go-round are especially awful , and the music cues particularly distracting .
Again , there is nothing all that terrible about this movie -LRB- unless you find Parsons ' voice to be grating , then you are in big trouble -RRB- but you might be overwhelmed by its averageness .
Home is where my heart was n't , at a screening where even children did n't seem excited to be . The father snoring next to me had the right idea at the wrong volume . Hiding a catnap behind 3-D glasses only works if you do n't give yourself away .
The kindest word that comes to mind is `` undistinguished . '' Unfortunately , it 's also uninteresting and uninspired - as well as tedious , noisy , obvious , annoying ...
A few nods and winks do n't add enough adult appeal to Home
`` Home '' is a fine selection for a second quarter film and a great choice for your children .
Kids will be entertained by the perpetual motion of Home , while most adults in the theater will tune out or glance at the watch every few minutes .
Familiarly fanciful , featuring the most benign aliens ever to invade Earth .
Heartwarming and harmless ? Sure , why not . But it 's also numbing in its simplicity and often rather annoying .
` Home ' is cheerfully aimed for youngsters , mainly those under 10 . It 's simplistic and slapstick . It does n't make any original or profound statements .
It 's like being conquered by accountants .
Home is more of a blip than an alert , more of a whisper than a bang .
Home is a colorful and entertaining CGI adventure , but weighed down by an uneven and shallow story , falls short of animated greatness .
the most adorable alien invasion you 'll likely see
The combination of Home 's layered message , fun score , and clever comedy make it a colorful choice for moviegoers of any age .
Anyone over 10 will see the plot twists a mile away . Kids will probably enjoy the goofy Boovs , the rainbows of colors and the music . Call me a traditionalist , but I still say the world was a better place before those darn Boovs invaded .
Another conspicuously packaged product seemingly designed to wear down an audience more than entertain it . While wee ones wo n't notice , they probably wo n't remember Home by the time the car ride gets them back to the real thing .
A surprisingly moving tale of friendship and family , dressed up as an adorably frivolous sci-fi comedy .
It 's not pixel-pushing artistry in DreamWorks Animation 's latest that will win over audiences , rather it 's the film 's timeless traits of sincerity and originality .
`` Home '' is a truly lovely and adorable film to attend with children , though doing so is not a requirement . I have a feeling Oh will be with us for a long time .
Savor `` Home '' for its vibrant colors , animated effects , like the upside-down Eiffel Tower floating over Paris , and the rapidly building , feel-good relationship between Oh and Tip .
... a nice message for kids on empathy and open mindedness .
Animated alien comedy is sweet , cute , if not super original .
It 's not home sweet home but Home is a pretty good family flick and it 's short and tight enough to keep young kids from squirming in their seats .
It all goes down fairly easily ... but it also contains a lot of material that feels like little more than filler . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Violence , Crude Humor , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
This Close Encounters of the Cowardly Kind-tale is a hit or miss diversion .
Death by cuteness .
Parsons does everything he can to win over the audience , and Rihanna should stick to singing .
Maybe it 's because kids sometimes feel like aliens in a grown-up world , but from E.T. and Elliott to Lilo and Stitch , pairing a child with a creature from outer space can prove to be a winning combination .
A big , fat happy meal of a movie ...
... a charming entertainment for children that should amuse the adults that have to accompany them .
Adorable and intensely creepy all at once . Despite what it may sound like , `` Home '' is , at its core , a movie about friendship , family and acceptance . It 's really rather sweet . And ominous .
Cute and colorful movie with an important safety tip concerning one of the most destructive forces in the universe , hitting the dreaded `` send to all . ''
Parsons delivers this tongue-twisting patter with a happy eagerness that is both amusing and ingratiating .
The second half of Home works with a solid and emotionally-satisfying ending . If only the whole movie was that way .
Aside from Parsons ' initially amusingly mangled Yoda-like English , which gets a tad repetitive , Home does n't stand out as fresh or particularly funny .
Tension is one of `` Home 's '' biggest issues . There just is n't nearly enough of it . Story is another . Even a kids ' movie needs more complexity and more invention .
The combination of a feeble script , unnecessary music montages , unlikable characters and so-so animation leave Home a close encounter of the dull kind .
Youngsters should be tickled pink by the colourful on-screen creations . Their elders ; well , if you were a Boov you 'd likely be the same shade of purple after the movie as before it .
A charming concoction with positive messages for younger children about conquering fears , understanding outsiders and knowing yourself .
Director Tim Johnson -LRB- `` Over the Hedge '' -RRB- and his animators ca n't maintain this level of freshness throughout , but that 's where Parsons and his goofy charm take over .
This is not the hit film that DreamWorks Animation was hoping for ; if anything it will only signal more trouble for the studio . Hopefully they 'll get back on their feet but `` Home '' certainly is n't going to help accomplish that .
It works moderately well thanks largely to the voice talents of Jim Parsons and , to a lesser extent , Steve Martin . Two droll dudes who put a fair share of funny into this animated picture .
a nice 80-minute infomercial for Rihanna 's next LP
Tim Johnson -LRB- Antz -RRB- has capitalized on DreamWorks ' proprietary animation platform , Apollo to create a rich , intricate setting ... But the technology does n't save the film from falling flat on other levels .
-LSB- I -RSB- t turns out that the Boov are neither loveable nor likeable . In fact , they 're kind of annoying .
The bland `` Home '' is a crash pad at best .
Frenetic direction and supercharged cuteness pitch in to aid in the distraction , and it 's almost enough to produce a kind of numbness .
Colorful , energetic but highly derivative ... less an imaginative addition to the crowded kidflicks field than a tidily manufactured collection of familiar , rather tired elements .
Aggressive and cynical approach to children 's entertainment , pummeling viewers with mechanical-looking action sequences -LRB- which suggest video game demos -RRB- , unfunny one-liners , and overly loud pop songs and sound effects .
A perfectly amiable and often funny animation feature aimed largely at children but not childish or pandering in any way .
Although it may not be where the heart is , Home is a functional escape and shelter .
Key characters are admirably diverse , but the fast-paced tale is thoroughly predictable .
Home 's incongruously humble vibe works well for what 's at heart a buddy road movie .
Sadly , Home feels very derivative , borrowing heavily from Lilo and Stitch , Despicable Me and several recent DreamWorks features .
The film moves quickly and keeps the jokes coming , which only means that `` Home '' would rather keep young viewers occupied than give them something to think about .
When we scratch beneath the sugary surface , there 's something tart inside that 's difficult to digest .
Lazy gags , and it 's been done better elsewhere .
This kiddie sci-fi adaptation does n't quite live up to its evocative title .
I brought a couple of my kids , who liked it fine and found the friendship at the center rather affecting .
The feature does n't connect in a significant way , reduced to a series of skits , poo-poo , pee-pee jokes , and commercials for the soundtrack .
Oh and Tip may not be the most memorable animated duo , but Parsons 's high-pitched squeal and the groove in Rihanna 's voice bounce off each other nicely .
While watching `` Home , '' a comical animated spin on alien-attack thrillers with the usual tacked-on touchy-feely messages , I began to get bored as did the families seated around me .
You could do a lot better in the kid-film arena than this , but you could also do a Smek of a lot worse .
DreamWorks movies are often about outsiders learning that they do n't have to fit in , a lesson the filmmakers may not have absorbed themselves .
Only mildly annoying .
The Gummi-colored animation is imaginative , but director Tim Johnson 's ho-hum 3D cartoon remains strictly 1D .
Like the timorous Boov , `` Home '' has little interest in risk-taking .
Home cunningly attempts to achieve that always-expected animated feat of being everything to everyone , but what it really proves -- with more authenticity than the content itself can muster -- is just how infrequently that can be done .
Racial diversity and girl power are dandy , but they can not compensate for uninspired material .
Aimed squarely at eight-and-unders .
As animated sci-fi for small fry , it 's a success whose modest but well-executed ambitions are no small part of its charm .
Home does n't sparkle enough to make the transition from kids film to modern classic ... That said , Home is possibly the most cheerful alien-invasion-of-Earth film you 're likely to see .
An earnest exercise that falls flat , despite the best of intentions .
`` Home '' is a solid double in a time when DreamWorks really needs a home run .
Home marks a throwback to the hyperactive , pop culture-fixated DreamWorks of old , where star power alone pushes straight-to-VOD material into theatres
Home 's exposition is a mess of forced zaniness , which leaves the rest of the film with a Swiss-cheese foundation .
Steve Martin has fun as the pompous Captain Smek , but this remains little more than colourfully inoffensive .
Home has an original , convincingly satirical concept at its heart , but much of the execution feels overly familiar .
It 's good , clean , harmless fun .
A pastel-coloured visual delight with an emphasis on soft-edges and bubbles , director Tim Johnson -LRB- Antz ; Over the Hedge -RRB- aims the film squarely at kids who wo n't mind the regular overdoses of touchy-feely cheese .
... more than likely going into the DreamWorks pile of films you wo n't remember in five years time .
ET meets Lilo & Stitch in this sweet , screwball culture clash comedy adapted from Adam Rex 's children 's novel The True Meaning of Smekday .
This bowls along amiably enough , boosted by some astonishing visuals , but is let down by a gossamer-thin script and uninspired characters .
Home is schematic and moralistic in the frequent manner of modern American cartoons , although the moralising does n't entirely make sense : there are a couple of underlying metaphors that do n't quite mesh .
The film combines wit with mind-boggling inanity but is so brash and good-natured that it is very hard to dislike .
The film takes the lazy route of cannibalising pop cultural references rather than coming up with decent jokes .
An entertaining odd-couple comedy on very traditional lines ...
Animation has become a crowded field , and perhaps we should n't always expect something out of this world , but this underdeveloped offering barely lifts itself off the drawing board . It 's very , very ... oh .
Mostly harmless .
Home does very little to be interesting or original .
A sharp script and especially colourful imagery make this animated romp a lot more fun than expected , entertaining grown-ups just as much as the kids ...
Science fiction with training wheels , fine for sucking the kiddies into geekery but with little appeal for grownup fans of animated genre adventure .
Inoffensive but flavourless , and crammed with familiar elements from better movies like Lilo and Stitch , Toy Story and Despicable Me .
Home 's infantilism is a regressive step for DreamWorks , offering a sour rather than sweet experience for audiences .
Adapted from Adam Rex 's novel in praise of family and friends , Antz director Tim Johnson 's film is original and fresh , with an easy to understand narrative that finds its endearing protagonist Oh on a journey that takes him from zero to hero
There may be no place like home , but there are a lot of places like Home , an animated adventure about the unlikely friendship between a lonely girl and an alien misfit that ca n't help but feel familiar .
The story has a pleasant warmth to it - together with a vague message about individuality and tolerance - and Parsons does a terrific job bringing the charmingly open-hearted Oh to life .
From a creative standpoint , this is the studio 's least exciting feature yet - hardly its worst , execution-wise , but entirely lacking in the risk-taking spirit that has spawned such successful franchises as `` Shrek , '' `` Kung Fu Panda '' and `` Dragon . ''

@highlight

Colorful , silly , and utterly benign , Home is a passable diversion , but there 's no shortage of superior animated alternatives .