... the film also hits every major poverty cliché : hard men , harder women and a code of honour among the thieves and junkies that is as intractable as it is ancient . The notes are solemnly intoned one after the other .
Beneath the fierce naturalism of the stark chilly/beautiful imagery and tough performances is a rural noir in an unforgiving world and Granik tells the story with great skill .
Peyton Place meets Deliverance in a meth lab .
In moments of confrontation -LSB- Jennifer Lawrence 's Ree -RSB- is as fearsome as Sigourney Weaver in Aliens , taking on monsters to protect the small and the vulnerable .
Jennifer Lawrence is dazzling as the film 's protagonist as she struggles to uncover the truth between her addict father 's disappearance .
Winter 's Bone is an absorbing and socially conscious piece of work , underwritten by the constant threat of violence .
Gritty and real ...
Granik ... proves a dab hand with the camera , capturing the starkness of the Ozarks and Ree 's situation in a free-flowing and pensive way that transfers the chill of it all on to the screen .
Not having been to this part of the country , I ca n't say for sure whether Granik has captured it accurately . The point is that it feels genuine .
Granik pays deference to the curious ways of the mountain folk , rejecting the prevailing hillbilly clichés to depict people with hardy survival instincts in the grip of financial hardship and addiction .
An unflinching portrait of shabby life in the Ozarks , this powerful indie drama features an Oscar-caliber turn from Jennifer Lewis , a real discovery who 's only 20 , in the lead .
Winter 's Bone certainly has its redeeming qualities , particularly its cinematography and a superb lead performance by Jennifer Lawrence , but man , does it feel EMPTY until a gripping sequence near the end .
An acutely gripping , grimly authentic thriller .
full review at Movies for the Masses
Un retrato realista , crudo y duro de ambientes y personajes que viven al margen de la sociedad , de la ley y la moral , y que crece en intensidad como un thriller de suspenso . Estupendas actuaciones de Jennifer Lawrence y John Hawkes .
Uma narrativa densa e multifacetada que permite que aquelas pessoas desafiem nossos preconceitos e se apresentem como indivíduos imperfeitos , sim , mas jamais unidimensionais .
There is a profound sense of Neorealism percolating beneath Winter 's Bone 's noirish mystery plot .
Debra Granik 's bleak little film is as tough , unflinching and fascinating as the characters who eke out a life amid its cold , gray hills .
... consciously attempting to avoid clichés can erode authenticity . To director Debra Granik 's credit , realism permeates every frame of digital imagery
A gripping movie that graphically portrays poverty as the worst form of violence in the life of a 17-year-old heroine struggling to save her family .
Winter 's Bone is boosted by a stellar cast of characters who engender both scares and occasional sympathy .
Winter 's Bone is as quiet as a snake . It 's a chilling and challenging visit into a remote -- perhaps alien -- world . But while Winter 's Bone has anguish and fear , the film is ultimately life-affirming and real .
A masterpiece , and a gem worthy of Oscar gold ...
It 's the kind of movie that pulls you into its setting and does n't let go .
A rewarding , richly detailed exploration of the strength of character required when confronted by ugly truths .
... a deeply naturalistic brand of high lonesome noir .
From the moment you meet Ree Dolly -LRB- Jennifer Lawrence -RRB- in Winter 's Bone , you know what she 's capable of .
A Southern teen navigates dangerous blood ties , and a new star emerges in the revelatory thriller Winter 's Bone .
Winter 's Bone is indeed harrowing , but it is also fun . It 's fun , because it 's excellent , and after enduring the mostly-disappointing Hollywood blockbuster season , simply seeing an exquisite piece of work such as this brings a smile to my face .
As Ree , 20-year-old Lawrence is an absolute revelation ; her performance easily ranks amongst this year 's best .
The tone and the mood are consistent , the wintry setting forbidding , the characters silhouettes in a world of lean survival . It 's the kind of filmmaking that shows off the talents of all concerned
A tough tale of survival in a harsh environment , this adaptation echoes through the emotional chill and connects with us
-LSB- Debra -RSB- Granik 's rich sense of place and culture has the convincing detail of authenticity , and it avoids any sentimentality of Southern rural poverty or kin loyalty .
These spooky woods are a dangerous setting - here we find desperate , brain-dead trailer-trash , with moral centres as hollow as the burnt out shacks of their meth misadventures .
If the film lacks a certain pinch of mesmerizing drama , it makes up the difference with an exquisite lived-in quality . A frightening , yet crookedly poetic realism .
A chilling reflection of nature 's darker side .
A Chilling look at American Poverty .
The Coen Brothers ' O Brother Where Art Thou ? was the last film to make such delirious use of mountain music . The rest of the world can start drooling over Lawrence . I 'm gon na git me a copy of that soundtrack .
The film continues to grow in the memory months after it was first seen which is always a sign of something great .
Movies do n't come much duller than this .
The film , adapted by director Debra Granik and Anne Rosellini from the novel by Daniel Woodrell , establishes a formidable tension between mystery and matter-of-factness .
There is poetry here -- as artists as diverse as Walker Evans , James Agee and Harry Smith have found -- of the rawest , most desperate kind .
A sparse , engaging film perhaps easier to respect than love , but by any measure hugely compelling .
It is all given unironic dignity and power due to the outstanding lead performance from 20-year-old Jennifer Lawrence as Ree , a young woman who must take on some scary neighbourhood types to protect her family .
It will wow anyone who thinks grimness equals profundity .
Think a film like Trash Humpers offers insight into a crappy life in the poor South ? Winter 's Bone will make you see the light .
Lawrence 's mature and inspiring determination makes this much , much more than a grim skid-row whodunnit .
With a face as impassively beautiful as the landscape she trudges through , Ree Dolly is a heroine you wo n't forget . Tenacious and stoic , she holds her own in a vernacular that 's equal parts hillbilly and hard-boiled .
A vivid reworking of Daniel Woodrell 's novel that brings the book 's conflicted heroine to searing life in a piece of unhurried filmmaking too rarely seen these days .
Granik balances the pace and intrigue of a mystery thriller with total compassion for Ree , played with much skill by Lawrence .
Director Debra Granik has captured a female performance of such rare , career-defining intensity that the film actually has a life-affirming effect .
Winter 's Bone is a rewarding watch that does repay a fairly slow-moving narrative with heightened tension and twists at the end .
Like a Botoxed face , the movie never shows an interesting wrinkle or passion-attesting lifeline .
It 's a tight , gripping mystery with a well-chosen supporting cast and countless great little moments , such as a supremely spooky sing-song at a birthday party .
Make no bones about it , this is first-rate stuff .
It 's a film full of mounting tensions and an atmosphere of dread and incipient terror that will make you uncomfortably familiar with the edge of your seat , which is where you 'll mostly watch it from .
As bleak as it sounds , Winter 's Bone has a special quality that makes it an unmissable film , and deserving of the Grand Jury Prize that it received at this year 's Sundance Film Festival .
It 's bleak , slow moving ... but in its gradual , aimless way it ratchets up the tension to terrific heights , and its climactic twists come home with the force of a shotgun blast .
Easily one of the best films of the year thus far .
This movie is a real tour de force for writer-director Debra Granik . This is the best movie I 've seen this year and it will make my top 10 list for this year .
Keeps things authentic and chilling .
Granik deftly creates a film that 's both a suspenseful crime drama and a pitiless portrait of a part of America that 's usually ignored .
Vivid , punishing , craggy-faced
With its rugged performances and bleak sense of place , Granik 's Midwestern gothic is definitely going somewhere , and will take viewers with it all the way .
There are so many unforgettable scenes , in which I found my heart racing at not knowing what was about to happen , that I found myself forgetting to breathe .
The film explores the crushing poverty of America 's rural regions , a Grapes of Wrath-style story with a country noir twist -LSB- that -RSB- feels authentic and original immediately .
The sound of rarely heard voices and a portrait of a world all but forgotten except by the people who live there .
I think every teen who 's ever watched `` The Hills '' should get to know Ree , just as a reminder that being a girl is about more than mumbling and accessorizing .
This unblinking look at America 's Red State Crystal Meth Belt is an instant Southern Gothic classic .
A spare but riveting drama built around a raw , revelatory performance from Jennifer Lewis , it is one of the best movies to land in theaters to this point this year . By far .
Winter 's Bone is a genuine triumph , a great movie with astounding performances so natural , so genuine , that you forget it 's a movie .
Might have been more gripping if it had embraced its status as an utterly distinctive detective-genre effort instead of presenting itself with such determination as an ` art film ' ...
leavens its worst moments with a sense of compassion and tenderness that reminds us to understand and empathize with , rather than judge , the characters
Jennifer Lawrence is superb in Debra Granik 's graceful film about gritty people .
An altogether astonishing film , not in the least because Winter 's Bone lives up to the hype -- or so nearly that it makes no difference .
` Winter 's Bone ' is a movie to be experienced , not merely watched . But be forewarned . It 's powerful stuff .
The picture offers a rare look at a region that will seem as foreign to most moviegoers as the forest moon of Endor .
By its towering ending , the movie feels like a feminist reworking of a classical heroic myth .
The darkness that surrounds Winter 's Bone almost overwhelms the entire movie . Fortunately , the thriller ends on a somewhat optimistic , even positive note .
Winter 's Bone perfectly captures a hardscrabble setting some of us drive past on two-lane roads , wondering how people live that way .
It won both the Grand Jury Prize in the U.S. Dramatic category and the Waldo Salt screenwriting award , and is well-deserving of both .
Brilliantly rendered story of a girl falling into a Dante-esque descent in search of her prodigal father .
What we 've been waiting for : a work of art that grabs hold and wo n't let go .
Highlighted by a knockout performance by Jennifer Lawrence , Granik 's direction and McDonough 's cinematography make this tense thriller as compelling as a documentary .
With Winter 's Bone , Granik has morphed from a director worth watching to one who demands our undivided attention . She 's got mine .
The result is a film and a character of unusual strength . Pity Ree , question her decisions , wonder about her future . But the girl does not quit .
Jennifer Lawrence gives a stirring turn in a gift-of-a-lifetime role .
A masterpiece of sparseness .
Winter 's Bone is the kind of film that should be offered to us more often .
The setting , which I do n't recall ever seeing on film , is menacing , unsettling and so foreign-seeming I kept forgetting Winter 's Bone is set in present-day Missouri .
Both a whodunit and a coming-of-age tale , dominated by Jennifer Lawrence 's luminous performance as the resourceful , much-tested Ree .
Lawrence is outstanding as the young girl stepping up to do whatever 's necessary to save her family , not allowing herself the luxury of even the smallest smile to deter her from the job at hand
Winter 's Bone boasts one of the strongest , most authentic , most fully realized heroines I 've ever encountered . Jennifer Lawrence is revelatory .
With a level-gazed approach to its milieu , empathetic but clear-eyed , Winter 's Bone practically makes up for 40 years of Deliverance-style hillbilly cartoons .
In an impeccable act of sympathetic imagination , director Debra Granik has entered into the soul of debt-ridden Appalachia .
A scorching drama of grim traditions , meth-cooked justice and a teen 's desire to survive
Kudos to Debra Granik for making a film that packs as many surprising punches as this one , and doing it in a refreshingly cinematic idiom .
This emotionally scarring , pain-wracked character study/missing person mystery plays in a parallel Brick-like environment with its own language and code of conduct .
It 's a tough , no-nonsense film , with a tough , no-nonsense protagonist , and the kind of slow-burning , ominous atmosphere that gets under your skin and lingers for days .
Granik also manages to make viewers care about characters who would n't think twice about betraying their own families for a few bucks or maybe another hit .
While Winter 's Bone hardly exploits the poor in its depiction of them , its decision to focus on Bree while showing audiences their world seems like an artistic compromise .
Take it from a genuine hillbilly that this is a true and powerful statement on the tragedy of Ozark life .
It 's visually arresting . From scenes of Ree frying potatoes in bacon fat to discussions of deer stew and squirrel meat , the combination of poverty and insularity that defines this particular socio-economic group is quietly and carefully established .
This is a world out of time and , despite the trappings of flinty realism , the film too unfolds like an elemental myth from the stormy past -- a Greek tragedy driven by dark fates and struggling toward a catharsis .
For Jennifer Lawrence , she 's probably the most gifted actress of her generation . How wonderful that , so young , she has already found a role worthy of her talent .
Winter 's Bone ... constantly surprises you , not only with unexpected twists in the story , but also with the complexity of the moral and ethical decisions made by the characters . .
Watching `` Winter 's Bone , '' one is not as impressed by the turns and twists of the plot as by Lawrence 's willingness and ability to carry the film , and by the way in which her face , a work of biological art , holds the camera 's attention .
Has genuine urgency in the conflict between the younger Ree 's old-fashioned ideas of family and the older generation 's newfound awareness of the need to abandon such ideals .
The dialogue is so sparse and the plot is so lean in Winter 's Bone , it requires acting of exemplary strength , and the movie delivers in spades , chiefly in the performances by Lawrence and Hawkes .
The gritty , desperate Ozarks milieu of Winter 's Bone feels so real , so right , that you only slowly realize you 're watching a detective movie .
It 's been a long time since a film has conveyed a culture , and a sense of place , with such telling precision . At the same time , Winter 's Bone thrums with suspense .
No movie is perfect , but this Sundance winner comes close .
... slow but fascinating ...
A good deal of the credit goes to actress Jennifer Lawrence , playing the kind of character you start out quietly rooting for , then end up backing , like some World Cup soccer hooligan .
Winter 's Bone is the best film of the year .
The social detail of a 21st-century mountain community is completely persuasive , heightening the drama immeasurably .
The way Lawrence captures a young woman 's fear and resolve , often non-verbally , well ... this is a considerable talent well on her way to a great career .
There is a hazard of caricature here . Granik avoids it . Her film does n't live above these people , but among them .
Chilling as the woods in the dark , this quiet mystery has kindness and humanity sprinkled across hopelessness so constant you forget to breathe .
A riveting exploration of old-society notions of responsibility and obligation , loyalty and betrayal
Strikingly unsentimental . Winter 's Bone has no time for backstory , moral lessons , or other cute stuff .
Serious , sensitive and stirring , it reveals a gritty , cruelly uncompromising world within the confines of our own country .
This lead performance -LSB- from Jennifer Lawrence -RSB- is excellent .
If you enjoy good movie-making , excellent characters and a tightly wrought story then Winter 's Bone is the film for you .
Lacks adequate suspense and intrigue , occasionally drags , and leaves you feeling underwhelmed despite strong , well-nuanced performances and a richly atmospheric setting .
Together , Lawrence and Granik have created a heroine as tough as she is pretty , with a smart mouth and brazen attitude that give way to glimpses of scary vulnerability .
Director Debra Granik has the grace to approach the film 's grim material and run-down , depressing setting with genuine humanity and curiosity , and the movie offers gripping suspense and uniformly excellent performances .
A coming-of-age story that is not entirely about breaking free .
Employs a conventional Amerindie template ... without ever feeling stale , forced or phony .
The main reason for Winter 's Bone to exist is that it delivers a little voyeuristic thrill -- a bit of poverty porno -- for the critics who awarded it their highest honors at this year 's Sundance Film Festival .
Granik makes something real out of all of it . And even , against all odds , hopeful . Because , yes , this is a hard and stony land . But the life that manages to take root there tends to survive .
Winter 's Bone is a welcome reminder that thrillers do n't have to be loud and boisterous to grab the attention and keep it captive .
Impressively directed , superbly written and featuring an Oscar-worthy performance from Jennifer Lawrence , this is a thoroughly riveting , naturalistic thriller that exerts a fierce emotional grip .
Sobering but unfailingly engrossing , uncompromising yet not without a certain hope by the end , Winter 's Bone is the kind of original , blessedly independent work that major studios simply refuse to make .
An extraordinary picture ... a chilling portrait , but one with human warmth pulsating beneath the surface .
Even when Winter 's Bone feels like two different movies playing at once , they 're both engrossing .
Spectacular for its humanity , austere beauty and heart-stopping urgency .
Following its brave heroine -LRB- an outstanding Jennifer Lawrence -RRB- as she seeks to uncover the truth behind her father 's disappearance , the film employs the structure of a whodunit to take a tough , unflinching look at an impoverished Ozarks community .
Intense , immersive and in control , Winter 's Bone has an art house soul inside a B picture body , and that proves to be a potent combination indeed .
Grim backwoods tale takes its time building momentum .
Winter 's Bone is one of those movies that ca n't quite make a distinction between profundity and plain old bleakness .
This terrific cultural and psychological thriller is a horrifying descent into mystery so mesmerizing I could n't have taken my eyes off of the screen had I even dared try , the film made all the more potent thanks to Lawrence 's superlative performance .
something of a minor miracle
Every so often a film gets under our skin with its haunting authenticity , reinforcing our faith in the wonderfully transporting power of cinematic storytelling . Winter 's Bone is unquestionably that film .
Granik has no taste for noir archness , opting for a chilly , shot-on-decaying-locations naturalism that feels as lived-in as Lawrence 's performance .
Bleak as hell yet stubbornly optimistic , this low budget knockout is the best picture of the year so far .
Lawrence is the movie 's blooming discovery , a mesmerizing actor with a gaze that 's the opposite of actress-coy and a voice modulated in the low , almost monotone cadences of local ways .
Winter 's Bone is raw , real , understated , fiercely intense and surprisingly gentle and decent amid bursts of ferocity in the rural crime culture where the story 's set .
Winter 's Bone sometimes feels like a haunted house , where only extreme deference to scary people will save you .
Lawrence gives a guarded and watchful performance .
It will be a crime if Jennifer Lawrence is n't on every best-actress list at the end of this year .
The film 's succinct , well-paced plot avoids narrative convention and cheap sentimentality . It 's the anti-Frozen River .
For all the horror , it 's the drive toward life , not the decay , that lingers in the mind . As a modern heroine , Ree Dolly has no peer , and Winter 's Bone is the year 's most stirring film .
Gothic in tone , and unapologetically downbeat , `` Winter 's Bone '' is a film that turns over a rock of backwoods American reality and studies the beautiful and ugly things that crawl there with equal interest . It 's the strongest drama of the year , so far .
America at its bleakest is on display in this hard-hitting look at hill people that does little to counter the stereotypes .
Every once in a rare while a movie gets inside your head and heart , rubbing your emotions raw . The remarkable Winter 's Bone is just such a movie .
... a relentlessly bleak tale that in some ways echoes Charles Portis ' classic True Grit , another story about a young girl who takes on adult challenges .
Noir may be the MSG of genres -- a little pinch makes almost any film tastier -- but does it work for Ozark gothic drama ? Yes .
A character study , not only of Ree , but of a place and way of life , which shows that there is a lot more to what most people think of as ` hillbilly culture ' than the stereotype .
The temptation to call Debra Granik 's latest film , Frozen River Jr. , will be great . But the longer the buzz builds for it and for Jennifer Lawrence 's star-making performance , it will become abundantly clear that this is the Senior of the two films .
Sadness radiates authentically from every scene , with the narrative 's slow advance mirroring the glum conditions of Ozark life .
An absolute knockout .
Austere and grimly realistic .
Deserves to be the major commercial breakthrough for both director Debra Granik and Jennifer Lawrence , its luminous , moon-faced star .

@highlight

Bleak , haunting , and yet still somehow hopeful , Winter 's Bone is writer-director Debra Granik 's best work yet -- and it boasts an incredible , starmaking performance from Jennifer Lawrence .