Stellar docu on influential punk band ; talk of drugs , drink .
Everything you want to know about the Ramones , as told by many of the people who were there to remember .
Necessary viewing for any music fan .
an extensive , bittersweet scrapbook ... -LRB- that -RRB- pays tribute to both the band 's punky , never-say-die spirit and to the hard-driving , often exhilarating music they created .
Rise and fall of punk rock pioneers
One of the most appealing themes running through this rock-doc is the admission by all concerned that The Ramones were never great musicians and never needed to be .
An exhilaratingly brilliant film about the rise and rise of the punk band that was too tough to die .
A deliriously musical portrait of a band that became famous and legendary without the headlining stardom that usually accompanies that .
1 -RRB- it 's a richly human story about friendship , originality , professionalism and success , and 2 -RRB- there 's hardly been any new music worth a lick in the past 30 years that the Ramones did n't somehow inspire .
A comprehensive look at the punk pioneers that never wears out its welcome .
A portrait of an unpretentious band whose sum was greater than its very flawed parts .
The revelations may even deepen your appreciation for the music -- it 's incredible that so much dumb fun was generated out of such pain .
In the spirit of Ramones ' songs , the movie should have been twice as loud and half as long and it would have been perfect .
The Ramones have been commodified , deified , even gentrified , but seldom have they been so thoroughly analyzed .
The inclusion of some little-seen musical performances by the band and the examination of its musical legacy make this documentary worthwhile .
It 's heartwarming , if a bit spooky , to see these rock heroes speaking to us now that they 're dead .
A film that does a fine job explaining their importance without airbrushing their foibles .
A satisfying , straightforward documentary with great archive footage and interviews with band members ... and those they influenced .
Engaging documentary .
This documentary works best for those who understand ` Hey , Ho ! ' and really want to go .
There is little in this film to interest those who are not groupies of the Ramones .
Dee Dee is the most humorous band member , as he remembers the halcyon days of pre-fame Forest Hills : ` We would hang out , sniff glue or smoke pot ... listen to the Stooges ... '
The directors have assembled a veritable sonic museum of the band .
-LSB- A -RSB- compelling film .
Offers a fascinating chronicle of the birth , glory days and waning years of a motorcycle-jacketed , bowl-haircutted quartet of middle-class geeks who unwittingly spawned the punk movement .
A rough-hewn jewel of a documentary that chronicles the rise , demise and troublesome personal lives of the loud , fast New York City quartet synonymous with the term punk rock .
For music fanatics and for Ramones fans , there 's a sad story and a peek behind the creative process that made the band 's trademark music .
As fascinating as it is flawed .
Does justice to the humble punk band from Queens that influenced everyone from The Clash and Sex Pistols to U2 and Green Day .
Gramaglia and Fields have uncovered plenty of good historical footage , and the interviews with band members , managers , friends and peer fans confirm not only how influential , but how beloved the Ramones were , particularly the ever-visible Joey .
It gets on the cinematic record that the Ramones were here , and that they mattered .
Chronicles their 30-year history in a style befitting the band : bare-bones , frank , nonsensationalized and adamantly unsentimental .
About halfway through End of the Century : The Story of the Ramones , journalist Legs McNeil asks why the Ramones did n't have big hits . The achievement of the film is that it makes you wonder the same thing and provides an answer .
End of the Century is an excellent film regardless of its noticeable flaws .
Very much the movie Metallica : Some Kind of Monster should have been . It captures a band at its peak , rather than just wallowing in the desperation that sets in years later .
An absorbing , thoroughly entertaining look at the music and feuding of the influential American punk-rock band .
What audiences will want to talk about is the way the film reveals the quixotic human dynamic between the band members , the personal neuroses that simultaneously kept the group together and pulled it apart .
It does pry much deeper into the band 's unexpectedly complex and contradictory personalities -- particularly when it comes to the more-tragic - than-comic feud over a girl between lefty lead singer Joey and defiantly conservative guitarist Johnny Ramone .
Ranks with Terry Zwigoff 's Crumb as one of the most searing , disturbing and oddly celebratory depictions of popular artists ever committed to film .
An essential addition to the growing -LRB- and inherently ironic -RRB- field of Punkology .
Skillfully chronicles both the pain and pleasure of the band for its members .
Details the group 's raucous history with humor and a minimum of hero worship .
This is an exhaustive survey , not just of the Ramones , but of the entire underground music scene in New York -LRB- and abroad -RRB- in the late 1970s .
Music fans , especially those who remember the rock scene of the mid - '70s , will have a blast with this raw , funky look at The Ramones .
The first half of the film is a by-the-numbers rock docu . But at the halfway mark , the personalities and psychoses of the performers become as interesting as the history , and the documentary morphs into an involving human drama .
More than most rock documentaries , End of the Century captures the strain of any group effort , and the toll the hard-rock life can take .
Fields and Gramaglia suggest , without having to twist our arms , that the Ramones helped change the course of our cultural history . They did n't just usher in the end of the century : They gave it its second wind .
A thorough , gutsy and appropriately scuzzy-looking documentary by Michael Gramaglia and Jim Fields , featuring rare footage and interviews with the stars of the CBGB era .
It 's as strong a document about the pleasure and pain of rock 'n' roll as has been seen in years .
Though occasionally repetitive , Gramaglia and Fields ' admirably evenhanded documentary gives the Ramones the respect they deserve : Fans will be grateful and the uninitiated should listen and learn .
Unvarnished and raw as the punk pioneers whose turbulent trajectory it traces , End of the Century : The Story of the Ramones is a true fan 's nirvana .
One of those rare films that , despite having a near two hour running time and being very complete in its focus , one still wishes was much longer .
This absorbing documentary by Michael Gramaglia and Jim Fields traces the history of the seminal punk rock band in exhaustive detail .
Documentary about the rock group , which has worked its way through an amazing number of members in its long career .
Fulfills its ambition to give these lost boys from Queens their considerable props , not least as inspiration for arty outcasts everywhere .
Johnny 's analysis and will carry the film .
A haunting study of the Ramones -- if your eardrums can take it .
The filmmakers convey the extent of The Ramones ' impact on rock without ignoring the more unsavoury elements of the story .
It 's hard not to feel that the Ramones , who never had a hit record , were the greatest band in 50 years to be stonewalled out of success .




@highlight

Gabba gabba hey ! With its focus on the groundbreaking work of the 1970s punk band The Ramones End of the Century makes a solid entry into the growing canon of documentaries that capture Punkology .