There 's no plot , no character development , no dramatic arc . It just plops you smack down in the epicenter of the JoBro musical youthquake , and away you go .
Teen sensations can put on an impressive act , just do n't ask them to fake-act their `` rock-star life . ''
The film features two guest spots with other artists from the Disney stable , Demi Lovato and Taylor Swift . Swift is a star of the future , and I guess you can bet on her own 3D film in the pipeline , but Demi Lovato , whoever she is , ought n't give up her day
Fans of the Jonas Brothers , Pavlov and Freud should be equally satisfied for a 75-minute stint .
... the film boasts a preaching-to-the-converted vibe that effectively holds newcomers at arm 's length throughout .
canned and created by committee
Fascinating only for the opportunity to observe the mesmerizing effect of a well-rehearsed , mass seduction on an auditorium filled with willing , adoring girls .
As sunglasses and guitar picks fly ... and mics and pointing drumsticks thrust out of the screen , it 's a sort of metaphor for the whole film -LRB- and the band it captures -RRB- to ponder which effects are `` real '' and which are manufactured in a computer . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
The music is unmemorable , the staging conventional , the connection between religious and sexual ecstasy very evident .
This does pretty much what it says on the tin , though the interactive `` 3D '' element does introduce a twist of sorts .
Hate the songs . What a lot of hair they have . Do n't ask me the names .
Sorry boys , for fear of sounding like an old fuddyduddy , I thought the majority of their pop rock songs sounded pretty much the same . But this film was n't made for me . It was made for their fans , who will love it .
The songs wash over in waves of such turgid mediocrity that by the end you 're praying for it to stop . Thankfully , after 76 minutes , it does - and all is well again .
This personality vacuum is a real problem in a film that purports to depict a day in the life of young pop stars whom audiences can actually relate to .
The movie , sadly , perpetuates the corporate myth that they are musical tyros , boyband savants and the sweetest virgins in the business .
It 's A Hard Day 's Night all over again , except nobody has bothered to write the brothers some funny dialogue .
This TV-special-sized feature comprises songs from the trio 's recent Burning Up tour , along with gobbets of behind the scenes action .
It 's a trite cash-in designed to empty pockets , lazily slapped together with concert footage and phoney fly-on-the-wall snippets .
This may be three dimensional poison for Jonas-hating curmudgeons but it 's unlikely that any of the band 's fans will be asking for their money back .
With their fresh-faced image , it 's hard not to snigger when they start spraying the audience with foam guns ... Insert your own Freudian interpretation here .
Is it any good ? That really all depends on whether you 're a fan of the Jonas Brothers .
The tunes are so bland it could be the same song on a loop , while the performances are spirited but nondescript .
This toe-curling dip into the sickly-sweet musical world of the Jonas brothers is innocuous and dull .
Accompanying parents can don blindfolds and ear-plugs and indulge in the sweet fantasy that they are somewhere , anywhere , else .
If you have no idea who these bland Disney charmers are or why they appear to be so popular , then this perfunctory concert film is unlikely to leave you any the wiser .
The 3D cameras capturing the concert at New York 's Madison Square Garden ca n't give their insipid guitar pop or their charisma-free presence the extra dimension they need .
The lack of depth or personality makes Jonas Brothers : The 3D Concert Experience a tedious , empty viewing experience for anyone unlucky enough to be dragged to see it .
It 's a big old pile of baboon cack .
Call us cynical , but is n't there something just a tiny bit iffy about three sworn virgins performing a rock show in which the climax has them shooting gallons of white `` party '' foam over their adoring girl fans ?
The Jonas Brothers are a contemporary phenomenon -- a boyish trio who dazzle fangirl tweens .
It 's a Pavlovian thing . See swarthy -LRB- and shirtless ! -RRB- teen heartthrob Joe Jonas standing backstage in 3-D : scream .
They are all part of a great American tradition . Hate them if you want to , but you might as well hate gated communities , The Real World , and the war on terror while you 're at it .
The Jonas Brothers suck and they can all go to Hell !!!
76 minutes of squeaky clean processed-cheese-food product rock ' music interspersed with spurious ` documentary ' footage .
For its intended ` tween audience , it 's high-decible and shreik-inducing , but it 's not recommended for anyone over the age of 30 .
Those squeaky clean Jonas Brothers have made a squeaky clean movie that is all songs - no plot , no acting
I had all four posters on my bedroom closet : Davy , Mickey , Peter and Mike .
The Disney-created automatons have none of the charisma that Miley Cyrus showed in her 3-D concert film , and the lame 3-D effects make this flick priced for rip-offs at $ 15 .
If you are n't a teenage girl or ca n't channel your inner groupie for 76 minutes , you have no business at Jonas Brothers : The 3D Concert Experience .
Applying criticism to Jonas Brothers : The 3D Concert Experience is like trying to lasso a bull with dental floss . It 's not going to stop the bull and no one 's really going to notice .
It 's no mystery that the target audience for this G-rated bubblegum fantasy is tweens , parents of tweens and the occasional pervert . They 'll be so pleased . Anything for the rest of humanity ? Not so much .
Boy bands serve multiple functions for their audiences . They entertain , they sing the poetry of love , they offer a spectrum of masculine attributes . On the first two counts , the Jonas Brothers movie leaves something to be desired .
This is a concert , not in any way , shape or form , a film .
It serves its purpose .
Thanks to 3D , you feel like you can almost reach out and touch the Jonas Brothers , grab them by the neck , and strangle the everlasting life out of them .
If you 're already a pre-teen fan , you 'll love this flick . Chaperoning parents will just have to grin and bear it .
Jonas Brothers fans will feel like they are on stage with Joe , Nick , and Kevin in this immersive 3D concert film from the recent `` Burning Up '' tour .
Girls are crazy . I do n't mean they 're mildly emotional or excitable . I mean completely nuts . At least the girls flocking to see the new 3D Jonas Brothers movie are .
Young Jonas fans will adore the Brothers ' concert flick .
I 'm a fan of power-pop , and I was even an unapologetic Hanson listener when it was uncool to be one , so I wish I could be more enthusiastic about the actual music here .
Walking into this picture , I could n't name a single Jonas Brothers song . Walking out , I still could n't name a single Jonas Brothers song , but at least I know now Joe 's the guy on all the erasers and backpacks at Target .
Jonas Brothers : The 3D Concert Experience is no Last Waltz , but it 's going to be some kid 's first step towards pop music , and it 's so well made and exuberant that you 'd be a fool to begrudge it .
This current squeaky-clean vocal group is way more talented than its elders were .
The threat may be as illusory as the thrills in Jonas Brothers are contrived . But that wo n't stop Jonas junkies from enjoying their magical mystery tour .
Love them or loathe them , it 's the Jonas Brothers ' moment -- you might as well enjoy it .
Only for die-hard members of Team Jonas .
The film gets one star from me for the admirable brevity of its running time and another for the definite article in its title , seemingly an implicit promise that there will be no sequel .
It 's too bad the film offers none of the comedic sparkle they recently showed on Saturday Night Live and David Letterman 's show . It 's only slightly better than the surprisingly flat and one-dimensional Hannah Montana movie .
The attitude displayed by Jonas Brothers : The 3D Concert Experience back toward those fans comes across as a curious mixture of shameless pandering and discreet contempt .
If you 're a Jonas fan , take the star rating above and double it , since I 'm old and the Jonases are awesome !
Jonas Brothers : The 3D Concert Experience is n't a movie so much as a devotional object , a kind of secular fetish designed to induce rapture .
This movie spends too much time on stage , and not enough off .
OMG , the Jonas Brothers in 3-D ! The promise-ring-wearing hotties try to burn down the house , but their Burning Up tour makes for a tepid rock doc .
In a struggling music economy , the big screen can be big money -- for the right acts . And the Jonas Brothers are exactly that .
If the boys are dreamy and smooth enough for that pink iPod on the ride home from school , that does n't mean they have the juice to carry a 76 minute documentary . And at 76 minutes , the movie is still too long .
Parental Content Review
The brothers are no Beatles , but it wo n't matter to fans who 'll just be happy to spend some concentrated time with their crushes .
Far be it from me to deny that girls just want to have fun , but I hope they realize that once this latest teen idol fad has run its course , a mighty , mortifying hangover most surely awaits .
We learn nothing about who they are or where they come from -- they may not even have parents , for all we know , since the adult accompanying them is usually their bodyguard .
This tepid concert film does the Jonas Brothers no favors , not that the band 's tweener fans will notice .
At 76 minutes , the film is nearly twice as long as even the band 's most dedicated admirers might need , with weariness setting in around the 40-minute mark .
For those of us dwelling outside the Jonas demo , the small charms in the ` candid ' moments have little to do with the boys ' talents as actors , and a lot to do with the revered icons whose cheeky behavior they 're imitating .
At best , they 're an all-Davy Jones Monkees with varsity soccer co-captain good looks .




@highlight

Jonas Brothers : The 3-D Concert Experience should please the brothers ' adoring followers , but for non-converts , this concert film is largely flat and unenlightening .