It 's too long , and its worthy efforts at period authenticity are undermined by a shaggy script that spells out its message with all the subtlety of military propaganda .
There 's barely anything in Miracle that comes across as genuine .
Lee clearly has magical realism , fable , and historical enormity on the brain , and even though he stuffs the film with everything but the proverbial kitchen sink , his ultimate point is anyone 's guess
At 160 minutes , it definitely suffers from Oscar Bloat .
Miracle makes a bid for epic status , but Lee throws in more elements - including murder mystery and supernatural fantasy - than the narrative can stand . The two big battle scenes are impressively staged , but the action in between sprawls and stumbles .
Takes too long to get to its one moving moment at the end .
Spike Lee has turned in an odd hybrid of a film -- a 160 minute war epic combined with a crime thriller combined with a discourse on civil rights .
As a theoretical corrective , it 's salutary ; as a movie , it 's a frickin ' blooper
The agenda is obvious , but the rage feels justified , and meanwhile Lee gives us a few virtuoso touches .
While it does have its weak points , it 's held together by its unique angle on the war as well as strong characterization for its central characters .
Problematic as a narrative ... -LSB- but -RSB- Lee 's simply too smart and talented to make a dismissible film . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Ask ten people who 've seen this movie what the title 's `` miracle '' is referring to , and you 'll get a couple of different guesses and a whole lot of blank stares and shrugs .
There are endearing moments but we 're in a Spike Lee world where it 's okay to interject his `` black vs. the privileged white-man '' lecture time and again to the detriment of the film .
There 's no moviemaking miracle at work here , just a half-baked project that might be Lee 's biggest disappointment to date .
It might have been easily trimmed by a half hour , which is a shame , because there are so many good moments buried in there -- a proverbial two-hour movie struggling to get out .
Lee is a filmmaker who , through talent , accomplishment , and a constant working of the refs in the Hollywood system , has earned autonomy over his films . I 'm all for artistic freedom , but here he could have used a bit of oversight .
It 's impressive that a filmmaker of Lee 's distinction is willing to continue to push boundaries .
There may be a subtle bone somewhere in Spike Lee , but it would take a team of skilled surgeons to find it .
Lee ... has created a brilliant war movie that encompasses many elements , but manages to engage us with all of the stories within the story he wants to tell .
Little imperfections prevent it from being the classic epic it wants to be , but Lee accomplishes quite a lot here .
By choosing for his definitive portrait a tale based on a fictional novel rather than an actual true story , Lee has undermined his own efforts to properly depict the wartime experience for WWII-era blacks .
Lee shows a knack for combat scenes and both the brutality and brotherhood of man . Opportunism , barbarism and hope mix in the most piercing , cathartic scenes . But his grudge match with Clint Eastwood weighs too heavily , and it 's an ambitious mess .
Brilliant homage to the Buffalo Soldiers during World War II may be Spike Lee 's most powerful film .
Full of cliches and the very stereotypes against which director Spike Lee rails , `` Miracle at St. Anna '' is a television movie that 's far below the capabilities of one of the most talented living film directors .
` Miracle at St. Anna ' tells a story of friendship and of getting beyond race and prejudices ... about helping one another in the midst of war .
There are moments of such indescribable beauty in ` Miracle at St. Anna ' that they move you to tears . There are also moments that leave you shaking your head in bewilderment and frustration .
This is n't on the same caliber as SAVING PRIVATE RYAN , but really , what is ? This is a decent war movie that should satisfy most fans of the genre .
A messy patchwork of ideas spinning off every which way ... but failing to be good does n't mean that it 's not interesting .
Half way through it becomes clear the ending does n't matter compared to the journey , I just do n't know if Spike Lee feels the same way .
Maudlin climax leaves a treacly residue of exaggerated valor and sentiment .
The combination of Lee 's concerns for his characters ' depictions with Disney 's concerns for mass-market appeal ends up pleasing no one .
Miracle does n't seem to have any one point of view , and without a united , central perspective to hold things together , the storyline feels very random and meandering .
Clocking in at 160 minutes , this interminable movie comes across like a rough cut . Perhaps Lee believed its length would give it gravitas . The opposite is true .
It 's uneven but often powerful , two things we 've come to expect from director Spike Lee .
Lee shows his grittiness by allowing everyone to speak in their native languages . My hat 's off to him for that . I 'm not a fan of war films where all opposing sides speak English .
Too long , but picks up after an abysmal start .
An overdue history lesson about the indelible stain left by Jim Crow on the conflicted minds of black men forced to wage a white man 's war when they 'd really prefer to be fighting for their own civil rights .
There 's enough here to make a thrilling , dynamic and even moving war movie , if only Lee could have kept his excesses out of the way of his filmmaking strengths .
What the hell happened to Spike Lee ? Where did the brilliant director with the fresh , edgy and inventive ideas go ?
The long and the short of it is Lee and McBride plant the seeds of something incredible , they just forget to add the requisite nurturing and care required to see it grow .
Lee 's intention was to show the contributions of African American soldiers . However , he does these men a disservice by perpetuating the very stereotypes that he rails against .
At the end of this nearly three hour movie , what you have is a noble attempt thwarted by uneven artistic choices .
The momentum increases considerably in the final hour of this 2-hour , 40-minute film , when Lee combines action and emotion in a way that makes cinematic sense . But it 's a long , spotty time getting there .
Given the importance of that subject , the real mystery of Mr. Lee 's movie is why it 's so diffuse , dispirited , emotionally distanced and dramatically inert .
Overwrought , overproduced , overbusy and overlong , Miracle at St. Anna finally suffers from the worst filmmaking sin of all : the failure of trust , in the story and the audience .
-LSB- Lee -RSB- resorts to many of the same hoary clichés and fantasy situations he so frequently condemns .
I admire his passion and technique , but I hope he rediscovers the discipline that made movies such as The Inside Man so good .
It 's disappointingly heavy-handed as an examination of racial prejudice in the military .
The impulse here is to say something about the nobility of this movie 's intent or to note that Spike Lee is one of our best filmmakers . But the first and most honest thing to say about Miracle at St. Anna is that it 's an awful mess .
Finds Lee surprisingly off his game with an ambitious project that aims big but achieves little .
A real miracle would be Spike Lee delivering a feature of less than two hours , which he has n't done since 1996 's Girl 6 .
Miracle At St. Anna stabilizes after an outright awful first hour , and becomes merely a middling war movie with a heightened social consciousness .
Ultimately , the film falters -- due to its length , some unconvincing European characters and too many turns that depend on sudden supernatural intervention .
The sad thing is , there 's a perfectly fine , Sam Fulle-rish , 90-minute war movie on a worthy subject trapped somewhere in the self-indulgences of Miracle at St. Anna .
Lee takes nearly three hours to tell this sad tale , but he never makes the most of the opportunity .
Miracle is far from the sensitive racial politics Lee is capable of delivering , but darned if it is n't rousing good fun .
Pedestrian and awkward , this film is a disappointment not only in comparison with Lee 's earlier epic , the underrated Malcolm X , but also in comparison with another film with similar aims , Rachid Bouchareb 's Days of Glory .
Unsuccessfully ambitious , the movie is nonetheless unique and creative enough to be worth sitting through -- or would be had it been about an hour shorter .
At least it 's a good-looking movie , with fine cinematography and production design . But Lee 's heart is n't in this one ... and it shows .
Spike Lee 's World War II epic Miracle at St. Anna is a good movie wrapped in rags . Sadly , what could have been a handsome , poignant spectacle is diminished .
A fine movie and a fascinating near miss . Even a Spike Lee film as imperfect as this one is more deserving of your attention than 90 percent of what 's out there .
Though it runs for roughly two hours and 40 minutes , there 's nothing particularly epic about Spike Lee 's version of the war .
The movie undeniably has its powerful moments , but it runs a crooked , crazy race moving from one to another , leaving the viewer both exhausted and frustrated .
Lee brings a maturing sensibility and a talent for ensemble performance to a tale that is loving , angry and profoundly American .
Along the way , Mr. Lee has some gripping moments . But for every striking irony , there is a hammer-handed scene driving the same point into self-parody .
Malcolm X -LRB- 1992 -RRB- proved that Lee could rise to the challenge of a sweeping historical epic , but this 160-minute drama is overblown and unconvincing , the director 's bright , poppy style clashing with the grim subject matter .
Setting the record straight after so many years and so many movies is not necessarily a simple undertaking , and this film sometimes stumbles under its heavy , self-imposed burden of historical significance .
This movie is too many things without one of those things ever breaking your heart or boiling your blood .
For all his excesses and wrong turns , Lee has made a grown-up movie with an adult sense of loss and an adult sense of hope . He may be addicted to broad flourishes , but he has the big emotions to back them up .
Miracle at St. Anna is a real revelation . It is also not a perfect film .
This is like the ` Where 's Waldo ' of war films : Find the story , locate the characters . You have three hours . Good luck to you .
Hidden within the two hours and 40 minutes is a very good , much smaller film , and it 's worth seeking out .
Lee jumps back and forth between melodramatic speeches and unnecessary monologues so much that he loses all the emotional connection that he could possibly find with his audience .
As is often the case , Lee seems to relish biting off more than he can chew , and the ambition and scope of this effort is worth the bits that do n't quite fit .
Surprisingly lethargic , unfocused , fragmented , combining a murder-mystery with an R-rated war epic in a muddle of ` miracles . '
What could have been Spike Lee 's best film since Do the Right Thing , Miracle turns out to be a confusing mess that is topped off with an annoying child .
If Miracle at St. Anna fails , let it be said that most filmmakers would kill for a failure like this .
Spike Lee bites off far more than he can possibly chew and ends up choking on his overindulgence . Despite flashes of extraordinary genius , Miracle at St. Anna is little more than a cartoon masquerading as a mature movie .
a good movie that does n't reach greatness , even though it could have
-LSB- O -RSB- bviously crafted with deep earnestness and profound love and serious talent ... -LSB- but -RSB- it fails entirely , on every level , in every way that a movie can fail .
Exciting , exhausting , and emotionally engaging . This might be the most accessible and skillful work of Lee 's career .
There are many mysteries on hand in `` Miracle at St. Anna '' but the biggest mystery of all is how anyone could have deemed the rambling and seriously undisciplined screenplay by James Baldwin ready for filming .
If nothing else , at least Lee can feel some degree of satisfaction knowing he 's made a movie about as ineffective and incoherent as Clint Eastwood 's Flag of our Fathers .
Clearly , Lee 's efforts show a director who is passionate about the film 's message and is n't just attaching his name to get a big paycheck . No , this is a labor of love but it 's just as much of a labor to sit through .
There 's a good two hour movie here . Too bad it 's lost in a disjointed , meandering narrative .
... one of the most wrenching war films I 've seen .
I did n't mind the long run time -LRB- now , there 's a miracle -RRB- but there were too many down moments that could have been done without .
even at a bloated 155 minutes , Lee 's picture seems to aimlessly tread water
Miracle at St. Anna aspires to be epic , but mostly it 's just unfocused , sprawling and badly in need of editing .
Unfortunately , it 's a jumble of disparate story elements that do n't fit together .
Brutal WWII battlefield fable is n't for kids .
The 166-minute running time is less the result of epic sweep than of Lee 's tendency to digression , repetition and sentiment , which thwart dramatic tension and clarity and cause swings in tone .
Some themes are familiar , others freshly provocative . But nearly all get scattered as screenwriter James McBride lets the story drift off in six directions at once .
St. Anna is as disorganized , unfulfilling , and lifeless a picture as Lee is capable of making . That 's right , it 's She Hate Me bad .
Miracle is , by turns , a dazzling , dim , lucid , confounding , absorbing , tedious , silly , profound , bloody and bracing account of four African American infantrymen separated from their Buffalo Soldiers unit in Tuscany during World War II .
An uneven blend of realism and fantasy . The movie is both vivid and baffling -- which is to say , it was made by Spike Lee .
-LSB- Has -RSB- sporadic moments of brilliance , but ... winds up being more well-meaning muddle than miracle .
There are scenes that could have been lost to more decisive editing , but I found after a few days that my mind did the editing for me , and I was left with lasting impressions .
A World War II story of four black soldiers that is lifted above its confusing subplots and multiple characters by two magical moments of compassion .
Clocking in at 160 minutes , this is a sloppy stew in which the ingredients of battle action , murder mystery , little-kid sentiment and history lesson do n't mix well .
It hits every thematic point too heavily and does n't know when to move on .
Ultimately Miracle at St. Anna aims too high , or at least at too many targets . Lee would have been better served to concentrate on one of the many aspects of the story .
-LSB- A -RSB- sloppy , absurdly long mashup of combat film cliches .
A dollop of Saving Private Ryan , a dash of Letters from Iwo Jima , and a sprinkle of Italian neorealism characterize the style and sentiment of Miracle at St. Anna .
As another example of Lee settling scores , it ruins its own premise by attempting to out-do Saving Private Ryan .
A major disappointment .
Miracle at St. Anna is wildly unfocused in terms of tone and , at two hours and 40 minutes , it is unjustifiably overlong .
Miracle at St. Anna wants to do too many things at once to do any of them with much verve . It aspires to be a war epic , but it 's dominated less by combat than by flat , meandering talk .
It 's impossible not to admire what Lee has wrought here , and the evident passion with which it has been brought to the screen . However , the realization is flawed , and those flaws make this 160-minute epic feel a little too much like an ordeal .
Mr. Lee has stretched his material in so many different directions that one is left with unacceptable levels of religiosity and sentimentality in the overall context of the naked brutality we have witnessed .
Lee 's creative passion is apparent throughout Miracle at St. Anna , but the screenplay lets him , and the audience , down .
Lee screws up his best ideas by trying to blow us away .
When Miracle at St. Anna falters , it 's in the moments that seem like they could have been crafted by any other film maker ; when Miracle at St. Anna succeeds , it 's in the moments that could only have been crafted by Lee .
It 's always engaging , but the constant tonal shifts sometimes disjoint what should have been a seamless narrative .
St. Anna is probably too strange and unwieldy to become the classic that Lee wants it to be , but it 's a worthy stretch for the director .
The tone here is inconsistent to say the least , and screenwriter James McBride , who also wrote the film 's source novel , does n't take any one character 's point of view throughout , leaving the narrative decidedly unfocused .
Spike Lee 's intent to pay tribute to the role of black soldiers in WWII is honorable , but the film is poorly conceived and executed , unfolding as a sprawling , overlong , dull saga that 's shapeless both narratively and stylistically .
Lee 's muddle of inappropriate camera angles , overemphasized exposition , and overall inability to get beyond the scope of the source material makes the cinematic garment seem like it was made with a shortage of fabric .




@highlight

Miracle at St. Anna is a well-intentioned but overlong , disjointed affair that hits few of the right notes .