The result is a charming film that makes an admirable attempt at keeping true to its source material .
I 'd have to say it 's purr-fectly awful .
Veteran director Roger Spottiswoode , best known for ` Tomorrow Never Dies ' and ` The 6th Day ' also has experience with this kind of movie and he handles this story just right by not letting it get too sentimental or melodramatic .
Bob was a beacon of hope off-screen , and remains the same in the predictable but pleasantly palatable adaptation of his story .
Spottiswoode keeps the vibe gritty and authentic , which is in itself remarkable for a film about a young man and a cat . Tough and tender , and a massive , welcome February surprise .
Veteran British director Roger Spottiswoode -LRB- Turner & Hooch ; Mesmer -RRB- does n't push the cute factor beyond endurance and punches through some points about some of the harsher realities of poverty in modern Britain .
Veteran director Roger Spottiswoode makes the most of this appealing yarn and has fun showing us a Bob 's - eye view of the streets of London .
The filmmakers do a good job of capturing the precarious reality of life on the streets within the parameters of a PG rating .
This is one of those unfailingly nice , middle-of-the-road movies that always has its heart in the right place , even if its head is sometimes elsewhere .
you ca n't squawk at a film which keeps Bob the Cat in close ups long enough to make you feel he 's a friend ... . not just a star
A heartwarming drama which manages to land on its feet .
This dramatization ... plays like a Hallmark Hall of Fame TV movie , touching lightly on serious social issues before turning into a Cinderella story .
While the humans in `` A Street Cat Named Bob '' do a fine job in their roles , the star of the film is ... -LRB- drum roll -RRB- Bob .
Depending on your feeling towards felines , this is the sort of film that you 'll either find dangerously mawkish or utterly charming .
There 's a telly-ish feel to much of A Street Cat Named Bob , an attempt to sanitise life on the streets ... But it 's impossible to watch a film about a happy-ending story like James and Bob 's without a warm glow .
Bob is the passive recipient of oohs and ahhs , and never lifts a paw to earn affection , except to give the occasional high-five . Other than the shoulder-sitting and high-fiving , Bob is true to his cat nature -- aloof , fond of pampering and inscrutable .
... should serve as catnip to those dying for a feel-good story .
This true story falls down a bizarre rabbit hole of gentle condescension about how to solve the problems of poverty and drug addiction .
Treadaway may be sympathetic and charming as the struggling musician , but this is Bob 's show , all the way .
... offers a moderately gritty depiction of junkie culture and the British homeless scene , although those tend to be overshadowed by Bob 's cutesy antics to lighten the mood .
Bob initially rose to fame thanks -LRB- of course -RRB- to YouTube videos , and he 's probably still best appreciated in those small doses .
This is a sweet little film about serious issues .
A rewardingly unassuming , tough and tender portrait of a drug-addicted London busker whose ill-fated life takes a surprising turn after a ginger tabby turns up in his kitchen .
`` Bob '' takes it easy on the audience , but James 's reclamation of dignity is almost enough to push the effort past its dulled simplicity at times .
A savvy exercise in inspirational feel-good cinema lightly seasoned with grit .
If you 've ever felt the same about a Felis catus , you 'll cut A Street Cat Named Bob some slack for the same reason I did . You wo n't be able to help yourself . And stock up on some Kleenex beforehand . You 're gon na need them .
Cute little fellow , but unfortunately , the film in which he stars is little more than catnip .
The true story of a stray city cat whose love of a street musician turns his life around .
Bob gets my vote as the most appealing newcomer of the year .
Roger Spottiswoode 's slight but warmhearted A Street Cat Named Bob ekes uplift out of melodrama .
`` A Street Cat Named Bob '' restores your faith in humanity . I think we can all use a little of that right now .
How can you not like a feline who high-fives on command ? It matters not if you 're a cat or dog lover , you should find this movie as irresistible as its four-legged star .
As someone who never watches cat videos on YouTube I may be just missing something cat video fans will savour .
A Street Cat Named Bob prove -LSB- s -RSB- we are so hardwired to respond to feline cuteness that it only takes a stray ginger cat to turn a story of recovery from heroin addiction and homelessness into a feelgood tale .
A Streetcat Named Bob achieves an emotional equilibrium unlike any animal companion film to date .
It 's a very sweet film , dominated inevitably by the cat , whom I believe is played by Bob himself .
Making a film about the redemptive relationship between one man and his cat was never going to be easy , but this heart-warming tale hits some purrfectly poignant notes -LRB- sorry -RRB- .
-LSB- A -RSB- charming and life-affirming film directed by veteran Roger Spottiswoode .
I defy anyone to leave in a bad mood . James and Bob seem like good people . Or good cats .
Bob 's weapons-grade cuteness is almost enough to power this slight but warm-hearted film by Roger Spottiswoode .
This is a feelgood film whose feline star proves every bit as charming on the big screen as he is on the small one , and his fans will love it . Beyond this , however , it struggles to find direction , so its ability to win over new fans may prove limited .
A film that only a complete rotter could hate .
It 's a family film that raises real issues in a sensitive way . And for that it should be praised .
This is by no means the greatest film you 'll see this season , but it is a traditional story of hope and makes for the purrfect -LRB- apologies -RRB- antidote as the days get shorter and the nights get colder .
There 's a genuinely uplifting true story behind A Street Cat Named Bob . Sadly this film version - based on James Bowen 's best-selling memoir of the same name - is too twee to do it justice ...
The man-and-moggy partnership provides a warm backdrop to a solid , responsible and never preachy chronicle of homelessness , addiction and recovery - the script by Tim John and Maria Nation neither condemns nor condones .
You 'd have to be very soppy indeed about cats , or possibly drug addiction , to lap it up .
The film is often heavy handed as it tugs at the heartstrings and some of the supporting characters are a little wooden but the story remains an irresistible heartwarmer .
More meme than movie , this cut-price rendering of James Bowen 's bestselling memoirs sees homeless busker Luke Treadaway 's plight positioned a distant second behind the ginger tom who reportedly hastened Bowen 's return from the margins .
A Street Cat Named Bob contains the feline performance of the year , as the ginger tom Bob -LRB- playing himself -RRB- becomes the unexpected mascot and saviour of a homeless busker .
Bob powers the film 's cuteness quotient and extracts laughs with whisker-fine precision .
A slyly subversive film with a social point to make ...
What is especially honorable about the adaptation is that while it does try to show things literally from Bob 's point of view from time to time , it 's does n't over-anthropomorphize him or ascribe to him any mystical or magical powers .
A Street Cat Named Bob toes the line between mawkish and sincere sentimentality , carelessly falling into the former camp on occasion .
What works on the page seems slight on screen . That 's not to say it is n't life-affirming , it 's just not quite the cat 's pyjamas .
A Street Cat Named Bob has its heart in the right place but does n't quite land on a tone to unite hard hitting drama and a cat-based comedy .
It 's not the best film you 'll see this holiday season , but this soft , agreeable adaptation of the man-and-his-cat bestseller has its charms .
Treadaway is always watchable , and turns out to be quite a good busker . Bob portrays himself with commitment and conviction . But you get most of what you need to know in the trailer of the curious incident of the cat in the day-time .
If you 're partial to cats and do n't mind a bit of saccharine with your social realism , it 's the kind of movie to leave you purring in approval .

@highlight

A Street Cat Named Bob uses a fact-based feelgood tale as the inspiration for an unapologetically heartwarming movie that should move all but the most cynical of viewers .