Amid all the fun , shark fights and unquestionable natural beauty , ultimately this is a film about self-belief and a yearning to get back to basics , so its message still rings true , and chimes with inspiration .
Kon-Tiki sinks itself well before its journey is finished .
A mix between drama and adventure that occasionally works , but that in general is far from expressing in depth the greatness of the real story that adapts . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Thrilling adaptation of classic book has lots of peril .
While requiring little effort to get immersed in this tale , such is the strength of this compelling story - if there is one thing to take away from proceedings , it 's that it is worth catching this in its original , more authentic form .
Directors Joachim Rønning and Espen Sandberg certainly seize the opportunity to deliver a spirited high seas adventure , taking some creative liberties along the way , but remaining true to the spirit of the times and the participants .
Considering we all know the outcome , the levels of tension remain impressive , while an atmosphere of melancholy tempers even the most triumphant moments .
It is beautifully shot and has the same fierce intelligence about it that you find in its producer 's other epic `` quest '' movies .
The wacky , amateurish derring-do of the six-man crew , led by the lanky , floppy haired Pål Sverre Valheim Hagen as the ethnographer Heyerdahl , is astounding .
While this ambitious Norwegian historical adventure sometimes dips into melodrama , it 's a riveting , fascinating true story about passion and tenacity .
Enjoyable but not as exciting as it should be .
The inspiring story of Thor Heyerdahl 's Kon-Tiki expedition makes for an exciting , if slightly old fashioned , maritime adventure movie .
It 's intrinsically rousing stuff , although the journey is a little low on drama apart from the odd shark attack and a bit of bickering between Heyerdahl and his virtually indistinguishable crew of blond men with beards .
A big-spirited and inspiring boy 's own adventure .
Not the most ambitious film on Thomas 's resumé , but as sturdily assembled , in its old-fashioned way , as the authentic balsa-wood raft on which Heyerdahl and his five intrepid crew-mates made their trek .
Kon-Tiki is a film that inspires awe and wonder with almost every wave ...
Undeniably beautiful and exciting even if its directors do err a little on the safe side .
The cinematography has a stirring beauty , and fish experts can fill their boots , but it 's a pity that directors Joachim Rønning and Espen Sandberg chose to float such a crudely lashed-together boys ' own adventure .
It 's played as such a straight-up-and-down , old-fashioned , formulaic adventure that it lacks any intimacy or feeling and almost ca n't be bothered with its own characters .
With a man-against-the-elements adventure like this one , the emphasis is , and should be , largely on spectacular depiction of the environment , and -LSB- the -RSB- directors ... make use of the biggest budget yet afforded to a Norwegian film ... -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Not only is it nicely paced , but it features gripping moments of intensity , as well as some impressive visual effects .
This unconventionally thrilling adaptation of the memoir by Norwegian explorer Thor Heyerdahl compensates with visual flair what it lacks in intimate details .
It 's an absorbing and often lyrical piece of storytelling that does n't overembellish the facts or rely on a pumped-up score or whiplash editing to heighten the dramatic action .
`` Kon-Tiki '' has a grand , old-fashioned feel - a man-against-nature adventure that feels like it was made in - not just set in - the optimistic post-World War II era .
An adventure film driven by curiosity
a credible account
Astonishing adventure - filmed simultaneously in Norwegian and in English .
Kon-Tiki is a widescreen man-against-nature epic , beautifully shot and boasting seamless , stunning visual effects .
`` Kon-Tiki '' is awesome in the true sense of the word : You sit in awe of the bravery , audacity , stupidity and natural power on display . Ah , to imagine and dream . And to go forth .
How much is fiction and how much is deliberate confusion ?
This is not simply a faithful recreation or hagiographic biopic , but rather widens the focus to include the toll Heyerdahl 's obsession .
Upbeat and less exciting than you might wish , though it could be a good adventure film for older kids .
The film unfolds with earnest majesty , characterized by sweeping camera moves -LRB- shot by Geir Hartly Andreassen -RRB- and orchestra swells . But the sheer beauty also creates distance .
A thrilling introduction to one of the more remarkable adventures of the post-World War II world .
Has similar sea-going survival thrills as Life of Pi , but somehow means more .
It all combines to create a great true-life adventure of a type no longer seen in the world .
The characters do n't register as much more than genre archetypes , but that does n't spoil the fun , since the filmmakers re-create the journey in such vivid detail .
Go on this journey .
Most everyone loves a ripping good sea yarn , so why does n't Kon-Tiki rip ?
Part history lesson , part classic adventure tale and often stunning to watch .
`` Kon-Tiki '' is stalwart and uplifting and there are passing moments of wonder .
Unfortunately , sharks and whales are n't the stars of the film , so the movie is a pretty humdrum affair when it focuses on humans , even when actors are playing characters based on real people .
Kon-Tiki has the look and feel of a big , bracing adventure . It skirts many of the emotional issues in favor of high adventure with hungry sharks and monster storms .
The film harks back to the era of `` Swiss Family Robinson , '' when films were like well-made hospital beds , all four corners neatly tucked .
The voyage features some spectacularly exciting encounters with wildlife , difficult negotiations among the men and one stunning vista after another of sunny , blue gorgeousness .
While the wind goes out of its sails a few times along the way , this is a ravishingly photographed , old-fashioned man-against-the-elements adventure epic propelled by human-scaled heroics .
An old fashioned true life adventure yarn , old fashioned in all the best ways .
Hagen 's performance shows an unblinking determination that makes every near-death moment more unpredictable .
Handsomely produced but indifferently scripted account of one of the most legendary sea voyages .
The visual effects are seamless and , in one key scene , awe-inspiring-all the more impressive for having been executed on a modest budget .
It 's a terrifically engaging throwback to the uplifting , irony-free , outdoorsy '60s Disney yarns ...
Though the modern `` Kon-Tiki '' is a dramatization of true events , these events feel real as we experience the dangers , frustrations and elations of the crew .
the directors feel at once enamored and burdened by the impossibility of the narrative , and spend nearly two hours trying to convince the audience it all really happened
The men are handsome , the sea is pretty and if the sharks look as rubbery as last week 's chicken , at least they add some drama - and buckets of sloshing blood and guts - to what otherwise proves a dull affair .
`` Kon-Tiki '' is a ripping yarn torn from yesterday 's headlines .
A rousing and thoroughly enjoyable Old Hollywood-style adventure .
`` Kon-Tiki '' ends up being a little underwhelming , lacking the strength that such a story deserves . There are parts of it that work pretty well , but sadly , more often than not , it leaves you feeling adrift .
The top-notch adventure tale `` Kon-Tiki '' is an old-fashioned entertainment , complete with a lead who physically recalls Peter O'Toole in `` Lawrence of Arabia . ''
Although Heyerdahl 's book about the expedition became an international bestseller , and the documentary he directed on the same subject won an Oscar , the anthropology field has remained stubbornly unmoved . But in Kon-Tiki , the dream is all that matters .
One of the goals of a great outdoor epic is to keep you breathless with wonder . Technically , dramatically and cinematically awesome , Kon-Tiki delivers in spades .
The film 's message is sometimes clouded by sentiment , but mainly , we 're told to follow our heads and our sextants , a good thing to hear on occasion .
It lacks the fire and eccentricity that we want from our stories of adventurers driven by obsessions that could be seen as egotistical or just plain bonkers .
A very enjoyable , if hardly challenging , high-seas adventure tale .
A fitting tribute to the enviable exploits of the legendary Thor Heyerdahl .
If you 're in need of a couple of bursts of all-over goosebumps , Kon-Tiki is your surest bet at the moment .
The historic trans-Pacific boat trip undertaken in 1947 by Norwegian hero Thor Heyerdahl and his crew of fellow adventurers is here presented as a daring sea-faring adventure with angry weather and sharks .
For most of its running time , it 's a riveting rendition of a stranger-than-fiction tale .
This Scandinavian import is a lavishly constructed true-to-life epic that stands among the most thrilling and accessible films of this year 's Academy Award nominations .
A handsomely-mounted human drama , epic in scope if not execution , Kon-Tiki is a worthy testament to the magnitude of the feat it portrays .
Rich with character and heavy with ocean-based peril , Kon-Tiki is unexpectedly exciting and refreshingly human , retaining a searing sting of heartache and doubt as it manufactures eye-popping moments of near-death experiences .
A visually impeccable , professionally crafted modern vessel that lacks any of the patched-together soul of its subject .
Kon-Tiki rarely resonates as strongly as the subject matter would suggest .
Thor Heyerdahl 's legendary rafting expedition gets glossy treatment in this handsome but underwhelming action-adventure .
Could have used a bit more blood in the water , but its crystal-clear waves are a sight to behold nevertheless .


@highlight

A well-crafted retelling of an epic true story , Kon Tiki is a throwback to old-school adventure filmmaking that 's exciting and entertaining in spite of its by-the-book plotting .