The camera is quintessential Tarr : hovering in anticipation of things that wo n't happen , tracking like a private eye tailing a perp , and imbuing the black-and-white image with a caustic malaise no other director comes near to achieving .
A unique metaphysical arty film noir .
The mere fact of Hungarian auteur Béla Tarr continuing to direct films without making the smallest concession to popular fashion is a cause for celebration .
In lieu of a story , Tarr evokes the beauty of cinematic form and the exhilaration of simply watching .
Survive the opening five minutes of his realist/fabulist noir - an unrelentingly slow pan up the side of an industrial ship - without chewing your seat or howling and you 'll find plenty to stroke your chin over .
The impeccable mise en scène and immaculate technique fail to capture Tarr 's trademark spiritual malaise , also missing the lassitude in the protagonists ' souls .
The Man from London ' lacks the grandiose ` cosmic ' intimations of the director 's past work , and though it contains many moments of sublime cinematic choreography , this is finally good Tarr , but not great Tarr .
As slow-moving , oppressive and icy as a winter fog , Tarr 's noirish drama of temptation and guilt beguiles but also , frankly , bores .
But ultimately the pace is deadly . Tectonic drift moves faster . The dialogue is delivered in a way that suggests that somebody added a load of extra full stops .
The Man from London is no conventional cop thriller . It 's an arresting nightmare all the same .
Surrendering to the film 's languid rhythms is pleasurable , even invigorating . To resist its forbidding pace and style is to deny oneself its rarefied rewards .
A lugubrious pace , shots that hang ... and hang ... and hang ... long after most other directors would call `` Cut '' , and scant dialogue but a surplus of portentous close-ups make the film a somnambulant chore .
You will find the film either desperately depressing or perversely hypnotic . Or you might find it both simultaneously .
It is almost an anti-mystery , our meagre clue to the protagonist 's feelings of guilt legible in the contours of Krobot 's mournful mid-European face : only Bruno Ganz , one feels , could out-gloom him .
As uncompromising as all his work and , though beautifully and often breathtakingly shot by fellow director Fred Keleman , is definitely not for the faint-hearted .
Despite its conventional-sounding plot , this is strictly for hardcore arthouse fans and the film 's aesthetic rewards do n't really justify its lengthy running time .
The Man From London , directed by Bela Tarr , is an outrageously stylized , conceptually demanding film .
Tarr struggles to adapt to an outmoded genre and , in the end , produces his least personal work to date .
I loved it , but it 'll be some weeks before I can make heads or tails of it .
The Man from London , however comprehensible and demystified , is housed in a world of nonetheless pure , enveloping ambiance -- and it is by this measure that its merits are clearest .
The Man From London is the latest example of an utterly distinctive vision , baleful and radiant , as voluptuous as it is bleak .
Feels like no other film that you 've seen before . It 's cerebral and lugubrious , yet simple as a fairy tale .
The Third Man on Ambien -- will dazzle the faithful and bore the stuffing out of everyone else .
Tarr seems to be working in a pan-European purgatory through which his elaborate camera movements are more clinical than communitarian .
Béla Tarr is not at his best in The Man from London .
Moral rot captured with religious fervor .
Despite some breathtakingly haunting long takes and impressively created noir mood , Bela Tarr 's movie is flawed ; it 's overlong , indulgent , and feels unfinished .
Demanding , and certainly not to everyone 's taste -LRB- patience is needed -RRB- , the film nevertheless has the power to thrill and amaze .
The Man From London checks in as good but not great Tarr , more on the level of his first mature work , Damnation -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , than one to sit at the Olympian table of Satan 's Tango and Werckmeister Harmonies .
The Man From London bears all the trademarks of Tarr 's recent films : dense chiaroscuro , sparely deployed dialogue , a vividly evoked locale , and fluidly wandering camera movements drawn out over hypnotically extended takes .
Other than its black-and-white photography , this is a nearly unwatchable movie .


@highlight

This dark , demanding film from art-house favorite Bela Tarr is by no means a typical crime procedural , but patient viewers will find much to admire .