Catharsis on the cheap ; there 's no reason to accept the pretense that the hero has suffered much and changed for the better unless you 're predisposed to get swoony over Prince himself .
The film is a love letter to collaboration , to passion , and to the power of music : this is Prince 's legacy , brought to life nowhere more memorably than in Purple Rain .
As a debut and a savvy statement of personal enterprise , Purple Rain is quite an accomplishment . As a film , moreover , it is precisely the sort of vehicle one would have wished for Elvis in his Hollywood heyday .
The drama is clunky , the acting is awful more often than not , and the casual sexism simmers throughout . But whenever Prince takes the stage to perform one of his sizzling songs , the picture irresistibly exudes sex , sweat and swagger in equal measure .
Prince 's rock musical-drama has lots of sex , profanity .
A viewer 's response to the movie will probably relate directly to how much the viewer likes Prince to begin with .
The music is lively , loud , often powerful , sometimes raunchy , yet full of unexpected subtleties and nuances . The staging is frenetic but as perfect as the machines of the art can produce . This is first class music video .
Rock star Prince makes an impressive feature film debut in Purple Rain , a rousing contemporary addition to the classic backstage musical genre .
The less said about the lead performances the better , although Morris Day eclipses the star with a charismatic turn , but Prince and the Revolution were at the height of their powers .
For Prince fans , this movie will be a must for videocassette purchase , but even they will have to deal with the sexist way women are treated by all the film 's male characters .
Simplistic , superficial and surprisingly sentimental , Purple Rain is everything Prince 's music is not .
Prince 's 1984 movie debut seems more like his deification , with an aggressively stupid plot line that serves only to set him up as a paragon of artistic integrity , sexual prowess , and superhuman sensitivity .
A hokey but mesmerizing rock-video psychodrama .
worth a rental for the curious and is a keeper for his fans
Dearly beloved , we are gathered here today to get through this thing called Purple Rain -- the Citizen Kane of Minnesota movies and a worldwide showcase for the ascendance of its then-26-year-old star into rock 'n' roll eternity .
It 's probably best to think of the film as an extended music video , a watershed moment for movie sound tracks , and not much more .
... there is so much good music involved ... it easily distracts one 's mind from the clunky histrionics .
Who cares if Purple Rain is silly ?
-LSB- The plot -RSB- is all no more than fancy padding around the film 's heart , which only starts to really pump when Prince is up on stage : a teasing , hot amalgam of Marc Bolan , Nijinsky and the Scarlet Pimpernel , as electric as his guitar .
The musical performances are memorable , everything else is forgettable
Bland Prince vehicle that takes itself far too seriously .
intriguingly well-told story
Those who are looking for a two-hour music video with a coherent story will not be disappointed .
-LSB- Prince -RSB- just comes across as a petulant brat , rather than the symbolically tortured artist . The music , however , is divine .
The performers have a bit of a wink behind their performances , and so the artificiality meshes together neatly .
-LSB- Purple Rain -RSB- is probably the flashiest album cover ever to be released as a movie . However , like many album covers , Purple Rain , though sometimes arresting to look at , is a cardboard come-on to the record it contains .
Purple Rain shares a trump card -- its set list -- with casual Prince fans , who are advised to reach for the soundtrack album instead .
Purple Rain 's gazillion-selling soundtrack album has more or less eclipsed the film in pop culture history books .
Short people of Hollywood ... DANCE !
it is n't much of a movie , but it 's one hell of a show
Awesome musical performances and an enthusiastic if largely amateur cast make this more than just rock history .
A classic '80s rock movie , whose soundtrack was perhaps the best album of the decade .
Prince is one of the most talented musicians of our time . His movie does n't quite reflect that , but it 's in Minneapolis , so it 's cool .
So-so picture that is most notable for the terrific musical sequences featuring Prince and his band .
You 'll have a rockin ' good time !
Where are all those people who called this `` the Citizen Kane of rock movies '' hiding ?
It does what musicals are supposed to do : It rides the underlying currents of its moment and renders them glorious .












@highlight

Purple Rain makes for undeniably uneven cinema , but it 's held together by its star 's singular charisma -- not to mention a slew of classic songs .