The crippling flaw is that Pride and Prejudice and Zombies should have been much more ludicrous all along instead of biding its time
So what we really have is a film that can not be taken seriously either as a satire , as a period film and neither as a zombie film .
Remember Abraham Lincoln : Vampire Hunter ? Probably not ... Pride And Prejudice And Zombies is lots better , thanks to a swashbuckling central performance from Lily James .
... botches the zombie angle so badly it 's mystifying .
Though P&P&Z is uneven and could have used more visual wit than it gets -- it 's shot like a fairly standard underlit action-horror movie -- it mostly works .
The zombie crowd may be bummed by all the talking and prancing about . The Austen crowd is , well , not typically into zombies . But if you 're in the sweet spot in the middle , it 's oddly moving . And peppered with zombies !
The problem is that the movie offers just enough to tantalize both fan groups -- the Austenites and the horror fans -- but not enough to fully satisfy either .
It almost feels like the filmmaker was yelling `` this is n't your mom 's Jane Austen ! '' without realizing there 's a lot going for Jane Austen and Pride and Prejudice -LRB- and zombies -RRB- that we still like .
... looks like someone mashed up a Zombie 5K with a Renaissance faire . It should n't work , but by sheer force of will and a game cast of actors , it 's wonderful .
Serious question : does what goes in front of the camera matter anymore if the right properties are all in order ?
It 's a perfect Valentine 's Day date movie : romantic , but with enough zombie-slaying to appeal to viewers who do n't enjoy romcoms .
The steampunk fashion by costume designer Julian Day -- all gothy greatcoats , bodices , lace-up boots and strappy leather holsters -- was about the only saving grace of two brainless hours .
If you 're an Austen fan , be prepared to wince your way through original P&P bits .
Steers ' adaptation of Grahame-Smith 's source material is a heck of a lot of fun .
This adaptation of the spoof novel Pride and Prejudice and Zombies ditches some of the book 's darker elements to make a streamlined female-empowerment story .
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies may have seemed like an interesting idea on paper , but when trying to combine these two elements on film , it makes for a narratively-befuddled experience in which they only get in each other 's way .
Plucky and vulnerable in equal measure , -LSB- James -RSB- never forgets that this is just meant to be cheesy fun and clearly has a blast with her role .
Not quite a debacle , not at all a success , it ends up a thoroughly inconsequential adaptation that 's unlikely to shepherd a new wave of mash-ups to the big screen .
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies laughs at action cinema as a genre that has always left women in a weaker standing . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Too often , Steers would rather flash a stockinged leg or plunging cleavage to quicken our pulses , where a few quality scares would have been infinity more rewarding .
The film is n't more than an effective joke and a mix of high and pop culture . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The lack of strenght in the narrative , or lack of ideas , make the whole film tumble down , specially in those obring action sequences that could 've been much , much better . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A movie that becomes stupid and does n't take advantage of it 's ridiculous premise . Shame . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Come on ! Look at the title , for heaven 's sake ! Were you expecting it to be good ? What were you expecting ?
It 's fun , it 's silly , but it 's not really sure of itself ; Pride and Prejudice and Zombies has a moment or two to call its own , but , it 's mostly a jumble of forgettable ideas and images .
What the film needed was a young Peter Jackson ... but it 's left with a surprisingly straight tone and the sense that this is an amusing idea for a comedy sketch stretched out to feature length . The only threat to your brain is boredom .
This movie felt like a cake made sans any measuring of ingredients or a recipe ; a bit of a splendid mess . But , if you do n't mind the jumbled genres , you might enjoy it a lot more .
Feels as if it 's trying to have an each-way bet : its two constituent elements never really mesh satisfyingly and horror fans may be disappointed .
-LSB- With -RSB- many of the zombie hi-jinx full-bloodedly straight , this has much to enjoy for horror fans .
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies is a poor attempt to give a twist to a classic romance story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A great zombie romance film that wo n't offend purists of any genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Pride And Prejudice And Zombies stays watchable enough , because - for all its conceptual absurdity - it 's mostly played straight rather than for laughs . It 's not very good , but nor is it cringingly bad .
The movie strives to be both scary and funny but winds up being neither .
We will never know for sure but chances are Jane Austen would have approved of Pride and Prejudice and Zombies .
A perfect example of a film that sounds a lot more fun than it is .
Frequently very funny and almost always absolutely tongue-in-cheek - but it looks like we 'll have to wait a bit longer for the movie which really gets the balance right in presenting a combination of classic drama and high-concept fantasy .
This combo of the beloved 19th century novel by Jane Austen and the unquenchable modern demand for all things zombie-fied is utterly daft and totally dispensable . Nevertheless , there are moments of real invention and undeniable wit to be found .
Initially succeeding on its flashy charms , Pride and Prejudice and Zombies gets the look right , but the action eventually wears thins .
The incongruity of the ludicrous marriage genres - period romance & zombie horror - deserves praise for chutzpa and the execution of the film is of a high standard
A Mr. Collins of a movie : fatuous , self-important , and nowhere near as smart or as elegant as it thinks it is . There is n't a lick of wit to be found here .
Steers remains affectionately faithful to the characters and the structure , it 's just we 've got a few zombies thrown into the mix , that 's all .
Usually Jane Austen is indestructible , but in this case ... not so much .
Once the gimmickry is exhausted - and a few of the jokes repeated - you 'll be wondering why a movie titled `` Pride and Prejudice and Zombies '' is n't funnier , wittier , more glibly satirical .
Not completely horrible , but fails to live up to the silliness its title promises .
This adaptation of Seth Grahame-Smith 's bizarrely successful horror mash-up Pride and Prejudice and Zombies is little more than a title in search of a joke .
It 's entertaining at first that our heroine and hero can slay zombies as expertly as they parry quips but the joke wears thin .
This is much more boring than a film called Pride And Prejudice And Zombies has any right to be .
The film is disjointed and disappointing , leaving the view that Jane Austen and zombies do not make ideal bedfellows .
The result lacks bite - the one element that zombies and Austen should have in common .
The zombies appear subtly in the story without surprise , lacking of action and putting the monsters in the background without much significance . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The book at least looked for resonances between zombie tropes and the comedy of manners . Steers , by contrast , never really finds a meaningful reason for this version to exist .
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies is almost a lot of fun . It works best as a girl power fantasy , and really flies when it finds the courage to flout literary precedent .
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies does exactly what it says on the tin , rather entertainingly too , especially if you have seen one too many tasteful television adaptations of Austen 's work .
As Darcy and Lizzy find themselves and each other in the escalating war between humans and zombies , you might end up feeling a little lost .
Only a camp Matt Smith as Lily James 's unwanted suitor raises any laughs . The rest of the cast escape with their pride in tatters .
It 's closer to almost-good than it has any right to be ; if only someone had figured out that you should n't remember only occasionally that Lady Catherine De Bourgh has been turned into a one-eyed ninja .
It is n't subversive or satirical , but it is good fun with broad appeal .
This is a one-joke movie , but it sustains that joke pretty decently throughout . Ironically , zombie fans are likely to be more outraged than Austen fans .
It 's funny , cool , crazy and it combines the classic novel with elements of the current horror cinema . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Good production , the film offers a refreshing choice of entertainment for those who are not afraid of excessive blood and gore . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Although the movie lasts a bit longer than it should , it still offers some great -LRB- and bloody -RRB- fun .
For all the sporadic giggles , it 's impossible to avoid the conclusion that this is a one-note joke that has been stretched too far .
An unnatural entertainment .
Despite its production values , the film plays like a 1990s Comic Strip Presents spoof . It is lively and entertaining early on but once we get accustomed to its strange mix of gentility and blood-letting , the magic dissipates .
This seems like it 's just laughing at Austen . It feels like anti-fan-fiction .
Garbage . Total garbage .
It works like a charm , delivering furtive glances and fetid cadavers in equally absurd proportion to remain a commodious and dastardly fine pleasure throughout .
If it had been more elegant in its storytelling , it could have been a fun genre crossover , but the best efforts of Steers and his cast ca n't turn the overstuffed book into a film that makes any real sense .
P&P&Z likely wo n't appeal to hardcore zombie fans - its PG-13 rating will attest to its gentler level of gore , mostly played for laughs - but anyone who loves Austen 's original novel will find something to enjoy here .
It 's a clever diabolical twist on Austen 's foray into the English class system .
The filmmakers of `` Pride and Prejudice and Zombies '' were adamant about not creating a spoof , satire or anything that smacked of folly , and they have succeeded .
It 's more droll than drool -LRB- though blood and other seepages do occasionally drain from the cavities that pockmark undead faces -RRB- .
For the most part a surprisingly fun , bloody take on Jane Austen 's classic - but it does turn stale as the final reckoning approaches .
Unfortunately , for the most part , it feels like the Sleepwalking Dead .
`` Pride and Prejudice and Zombies '' - the adaptation of the Seth Grahame-Smith book - is a real hoot in some places and a deadly -LRB- undeadly ? -RRB- bore in others . Still , it 's hard to completely dismiss it .
It feels like the kind of B-movie that Mystery Science Theater 3000 would make fun of -LRB- and , thankfully , that was the point -RRB- .
Flat-footed : as difficult as it is to imagine that a mash-up this absurd could be dull , the movie manages to be a snooze .
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies is unwieldy horror-comedy - delivering an amusing but gimmicky blend of Regency-era romance and zombie mythology .
The bottom line is that Burr Steers ' adaptation is unlikely to please any audience regardless of what they 're looking for .
A big-screen adaptation of the best-selling novel took some time to reach theaters , but it was worth the wait . PPZ is rip-roaring , zombie guts-spewin ' , Jane Austen conventional fun .
It 's just a generic teen product lacking the attitude that the title suggests . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The film takes itself too seriously and ends up boring and goes halfway . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies is one of the best adaptations I 've ever seen . It perfectly captures the unrelenting awfulness of the book it 's based on .
Feebly fanciful reimagining of Jane Austen 's classic tale ...
An outrageous idea that could have used a better sense of humor . That said , it 's better than Jane Austen which is n't saying much because it 's still Jane Austen .
This movie is action , horror , and comedy by way of Hogwarts , and it 's frightfully fun . Occasionally scary , and even scarier for how often the film works .
This is a perfect film for our mash-up/viral culture in which short , clever , easily digestible bits of entertainment are passed along giddily from friend to friend . But most shareable YouTube videos run a couple minutes . `` Zombies '' is much , much longer .
Your enjoyment of Pride and Prejudice and Zombies will hinge on whether you find the joke it and the novel from which Burr Steers adapted it funny .
The concept ultimately is more amusing than the execution , and not as cool as it sounds .
If you did a shot every time Elizabeth 's bodice heaved , you 'd be dead unless your name was Marion Ravenwood .
An unexpected and off-kilter treat , thanks to a BBC-quality cast and -LRB- un -RRB- deadpan humor .
It 's gratifying to see an Austen adaptation that 's even more fearlessly feminist than Jane was , herself . These are Bennet sisters she could be proud of .
Overall , both the Austen and the zombie elements are only superficially engaging .
The problem is that all of this is just one high concept application that does n't really do much or go anywhere with the material once the novelty has worn off . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sex , Violence , Profanity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
Jane Austen spins in grave . Dreck .
A one-joke horror comedy
Maybe someone else can crack the code to the ultimate Austen mash-up when the inevitable `` Sense and Sensibility and Sea Monsters '' adaption comes along .
Based on Seth Grahame-Smith 's unexpected bestseller , -LSB- ... -RSB- this adaptation does justice to the book while standing on its own two rotting feet .
In a mad rush to bring every page of the book to the screen , `` Pride and Prejudice and Zombies '' comes up short as both a thrill ride and a romantic saga of habitual hesitation .
A better fit for the Jane Austen crowd than those going in expecting tons of enthusiastic bloodletting and badass zombie action .
Both pride and prejudice still play their parts , but now in service to one tediously repeated joke : the sight of a gentleman or a lady , together or alone , playing cards or ballroom dancing , fatally swarmed by devouring zombies .
Loses the bits of comic fodder that make Pride and Prejudice and Zombies worth seeing .
Like its source material - a loose term if there ever was one - Steers 's movie is a failure across multiple fronts .
As clever as it is iconoclastic , this bloody good satire tickled me by overturning much , but not all , of what we admire in Jane Austen 's original .
The works of Austen are endlessly adaptable , and `` Pride and Predjudice and Zombies '' shows they can hold up to even the most outlandish of plot devices . Talk about a writer with bite .
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies is fun and funny , if lacking the zombie element that garnered its source novel so much attention .
It turns out to be a compelling movie . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies is not a perfect movie , but it works very well as a vehicle of entertainment . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
As a warning to fans of zombie movies , stay away from here if you feel offended to see these creatures gesturing or -LRB- worse yet -RRB- speak . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It is goofy fun , and fans of the original will be impressed by just how much of Austen is preserved .
Pride And Prejudice And Zombies is patchy , but the laughs come with enough frequency and the cast is so game that this is a surprisingly entertaining and likeable comedy .
Steers nails the aesthetics - zombies in ornate period dress are both amusing and chilling - but has his actors playing it completely , thuddingly straight .
-LSB- I -RSB- t constantly forces us to wonder why the damned zombies are here in the first place .
OK , so it 's not Olivier or Colin Firth material . But writer-director Burr Steers delivers a screen mash-up that 's generally done in the right , warped spirit .
Not enough has been preserved from Austen 's book to give it any presence , much less gain an exciting new resonance . The only true zombie metaphor here is the impulse to turn everything into fodder for teenage boys .
Not gory enough to satisfy horror fans , nor clever enough for a really good laugh ...
The issue is n't with the insertion of Pride and Prejudice characters into a zombie apocalypse . It 's with the insistence that all the beats of Austen 's novel be followed .
Like its original source material , Pride and Prejudice and Zombies works best as a comedy of manners .
It all fits together in a neat package -- not a very original one , given that it is just a combination of others ' ideas -- but satisfying enough .
The result is a post-modern genre mash-up of Jane Austen , zombies and martial arts ends up being rather `` exceedingly tolerable , '' to quote Mr. Darcy .
Director Burr Steers ... does a nifty job of rocketing from period-piece romance to gory bloodshed , with sprinkles of dark humor here and there .
There is something for everyone here . And it 's all done so well .
`` Pride and Prejudice and Zombies '' is two good movies spliced together into one pretty decent one . Considering the gimmick that inspired it , that 's more than anyone could have expected .
Austen geeks and zombie lovers will enjoy enough laughs to tip the scales in the film 's favor .
Representing the lowest form of mashup , Burr Steers ' ridiculous adaptation is , to be fair , a fascinating example of an idiotic culture gone horribly wrong .
Condensed in clever ways that meet standards of class commentary set forth by both Austen and Romero , however dissimilar their methods . These two great tastes may not taste great together per se . But it 's worth taking down an entire box just once .
P&P&Z early on exhausts the intrigue of its daring literary/horror mash-up premise and squanders its promise of a super sexy , very scary and riotously funny cinematic experience .
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies is : -LRB- a -RRB- the greatest movie title since Snakes on a Plane and -LRB- b -RRB- the worst movie with a great title since Snakes on a Plane .
PP&Z is rated PG-13 , so the zombie gore is decidedly decorous . But before repetition dulls the party , the movie gets in a few juicy innings .
Fun , funny , gory and yet still strangely romantic .
`` Pride and Prejudice and Zombies '' delivers what its title promises : a little romance and some undead villains , plus a bit of comedy . But this overly busy riff on Austen 's winning formula does n't justify all the tinkering .
The skirmishes and eventual full-blown battle is garden-variety PG-13 violence - clanking swords and grunting - so the action wo n't past muster for a generation weaned on The Walking Dead .
For all the splurch and head-lopping , `` Pride and Prejudice and Zombies '' is monotonal . It turns its action sequences into a noisy blur .
Compared with other Jane Austen movies , it is n't much , but compared with other zombie apocalypse movies , it 's an intelligent , literate effort .
The novelty of Pride and Prejudice and Zombies wears thin in the last third , but Riley and James help carry it to the finish line .
Well , dear reader , it 's no great shakes , but it 's a lot more fun than you 'd expect .
Lovers of Austen , zombies , or half-decent genre fare will have little to feel ardent about watching Pride and Prejudice and Zombies .
That this particular retelling of the Jane Austen novel feels like a Cliffs Notes version is understandable ; that its zombie bits are equally rudimentary , though , is more disappointing .
Overall , the movie is an uneasy mix of humor , romance and horror , with dead spots throughout .
It 's all missed opportunities , and there 's something unthinkingly classist about the zombies themselves , which could easily be read as the poor taking out the idle rich .
Despite the addition of ` zombies ' to the title , the film works better as an adaptation of Pride and Prejudice than the action comedy it strives to be .
Like if Metallica had recorded its symphony-enhanced album 'S & M ' not by playing with the orchestra but by having the ensemble play alone for five minutes , then stop for two minutes of Metallica , then repeat .
Far better than Vampire Hunter , Pride and Prejudice and Zombies at least gets the P&P part of the equation right ... Yet the film is neither humorous enough to work as send-up , cutting enough to work as social commentary nor scary enough to work as horror .
New horizons in clichédom ! Perhaps . But , on the whole , done rather well .
Imagine being dead , and still having to wear a corset .
I have n't suffered such anguish at the movies since reviewing Uwe Boll 's appalling Alone in the Dark back in 2005 .
When it embraces its absurdity it is fantastic ; when it tries for more it falls apart .
Rather against all odds , Pride And Prejudice And Zombies is a great deal of fun .
This gung-ho but cruddy-looking mashup fails from A to Z : It 's neither good Austen nor good zombie flick .
The juxtaposition of courtship and violence is the film 's one true coup , but Pride and Prejudice and Zombies still mistakes weaponry for agency .
The hungry monsters in Pride and Prejudice and Zombies are looking for nice big brains . Well , they wo n't find any here .
Lumbering , lifeless and -- strange thing to say about a cadaver -- almost entirely charmless .
This story might have been better suited to a television adaptation . The characters would have been allowed to breathe for a beat in that case . Here , the action and violence take up the space that would have generally been used for character development .
Not only do the genres co-exist , they manage to pump up each other to the point the film is both a sweet and endearing romance while also being a thoroughly entertaining action movie .
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies turns out to be entirely agreeable , if not spectacular , and considering the alternatives when you 're dealing with something as borderline preposterous as this , that 's fairly impressive .
If more inventive than scary , Pride and Prejudice and Zombies breathes fresh life into the hugely popular , but now desperately predictable , undead genre .
Fantastically fun and clever , surprisingly so at times .
The essential problem here is that the story and characters of Austen 's novel feel totally separate from the crass and pandering zombie plot overlay , so much so that some of it just does n't make much sense .
True-blue Austen fans stand to get the most out of this guilty-pleasure exercise . Everyone else will likely find it tolerable , but not handsome enough to tempt them .
A gentle hoot .
Awkward and unsatisfying .
The film flatlines the moment anyone draws a blade .
Even with the overuse of CG and the PG-13 rating , PPZ is a bloody good blast of zombie fun .
There 's a lot of Pride And Prejudice , and some unremarkable , low-budget Zombies . But the film is very much less than the sum of its parts .
This is a misshapen venture , a horror-comedy without much in the way of laughs or scares .
Some weak editing and writing causes the film to stumble , but overall Pride and Prejudice and Zombies is a funny , good-looking feature film that delivers exactly what its title promises .
Straddles the line between tradition and terror , fidelity to the source , forging new territory , and showing societal roles filled by brain-sucking zombies - with admirable aplomb .

@highlight

Pride and Prejudice and Zombies manages to wring a few fun moments out of its premise , but never delivers the thoroughly kooky mashup its title suggests .