British coming-of-age tale has some sex , cursing .
A perfectly entertaining chick flick with strong performances and Gurinder Chadha 's trademark appeal to female sensibilities ...
It 's such a sweet , funny movie , completely honest about hormones and young love .
... aimed at early-teen girls , but it 's got enough warmth and charisma to attract a wider audience .
A bright , fitfully entertaining adaptation of two of Louise Rennison 's popular novels for tween-to-teenage girls .
Even if you 're long past the age of the characters in this film , you can enjoy the world of these girls who want , so badly , to become adults .
These are age-old themes , not tackled with particular verve here , but there 's a nice moral about girls learning to accept themselves regardless of shape or colour .
Girls who are just starting to feel a little old for Hannah Montana will flock to this film , which will no doubt have a long life on the slumber party circuit .
Chadha gets some bumpy performances from her teenage cast .
Awkwardness , the first kiss , parents from the stone age and having a nose the size of Jupiter have never been so compelling as in this fresh and funny film
There is plenty of fun but always grounded in serious subjects , and the parents play an unexpectedly important role in the story
Relative newcomer Georgia Groome simply shines . You do n't need to be a teenager to enjoy this -- you just have to remember being one .
The film lacks the wit and drama that might pitch it beyond the target demographic , though judging from what makes the girls squirm in the film , it might not succeed even there .
A good-natured bundle of early-teen femme angst pitched squarely at the youngsters who 've made Louise Rennison 's books a hit both sides of the Pond .
This is all pleasant enough , but I ca n't quite believe it .
The title is horrible , and I 'm afraid I did n't find the movie attached to it much better .
The film accurately captures that age-old teenage irony that the worst years of your life are also freakishly the best .
A smart , funny Bridget Jones ' Diary for juniors that you do n't have to be teenage or female to enjoy .
Beneath its girlie trappings ... this is a movie with many traditional virtues .
One of summer 's feelgood surprises .
I approached with a mixture of dread and resignation . And was promptly charmed to pieces .
Has a craven need to please .
Based on Louise Rennison 's successful Georgia Nicolson books , it 's a film that puts the pure into puerile .
Chillingly cynical .
While the low-key cast give this a British telly feel at times , this is still a tween movie that 's miles more engaging than its airbrushed American competitors .

@highlight

Based on two of British writer Louise Rennison 's popular books , Angus , Thongs and Perfect Snogging is a pleasant and funny tween comedy , comfortable for UK audiences as well as stateside crowds .