The deliberately paced story lacks credibility and surprise . However , the dazzling visuals - not for the squeamish - along with Lutz 's ferocious performance more than compensate .
Revenge is as much a jarringly smart exploration of gendered violence as it is a slasher spectacle .
Fargeat avoids modern cliches , such as altered timelines or found footage , to deliver a suspenseful nail-biter of a thriller , one that updates an old format with an interesting take on gender politic
It 's a blood-soaked fable , a rape-revenge movie made with style and subtext .
A stunning reinvention of the rape-revenge exploitation film that had me sitting at the edge of my seat first frame to last .
Fargeat 's sunny , Morocco-set film first deconstructs , then rebuilds those mechanics from an uncompromising feminist perspective .
What happens next is expected-a roaring rampage of revenge , with each of the three hunters confronted like a video game boss-but Fargeat has some fun tricks to deploy .
I 'll admit , I 've always had a hard time with rape-revenge thrillers ... but -LSB- Revenge -RSB- asks us to look deeper , especially in the behaviour of women which is often considered worthy of blame when there should be none .
Revenge wo n't be an experience every viewer can handle , but as a piece of extreme horror , it 's an intelligent and flashy debut .
Revenge , one of the great revenge fantasies of the last few decades , is a fantastically visceral film , full of blood and pain and countless opportunities for audience members to hide their eyes .
Revenge is hardly profound - and some will surely find it all very distasteful - but tense , traumatic and eye-wateringly gory , it sure sizzles off the screen .
In theory it 's nothing you have n't seen , but Revenge will make you feel like it is your first time .
If you usually find the genre icky and exploitative , try this one-but only if you 've got the stomach for an abattoir 's worth of blood in a single movie .
Pretty fantastic and is held up by the intense performances , particularly by Matilda Lutz .
Finding beauty in brutality , Revenge takes risks , and not only in its grotesque subject matter . The film has unmatched aesthetic ambitions , as waves of vibrant , hyper-stylized sounds and colors elevate the relentless bloodbath .
Gore-soaked and transgressive , `` Revenge '' will test your stomach 's mettle - in a variety of ways .
Rape vengeance with an artistically minded cinematic mean streak ; Coralie Faregeat 's debut is a primal display of female empowerment and revenge that is sure to somewhere have even Quentin Tarantino and Uma Thurman erupting in applause .
Torture and injury ensue , but nothing is as off-putting as the visual excesses which smack of student film-making beneath the high production values ...
First-time French director Coralie Fargeat has delivered one hell of a calling card , attacking the screen with Revenge , a debut movie that leaves a bloody , indelible impression .
This rape-revenge action horror is solid as pure grindhouse exploitation . But the rendering of its rage-fueled female protagonist is too salacious for this to ever be considered feminist .
The sheer flamboyance of the whole thing guarantees the viewer 's surrender .
Revenge is a bloody middle finger ... a kick in the balls with a feminine combat boot . You 've been warned , gents .
With good handling of the narrative rhythm , we soon discover that the subject goes beyond nice photography and that we are facing a strong and decisive conceptual proposal ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Revenge is part trashy exploitation flick , part Looney Tunes romp .
The way Fargeat plays with these tropes gives her film an edge .
Revenge is a dish that 's best served cold but a very bloody one in the case of Coralie Fargeat 's feature directorial debut ... a marvelous performance by Matilda Lutz ...
It 's a film that manages to leer at its scantily clad heroine only to eventually make you root for her to dish out as much bloody punishment as possible .
Revenge is smartly made .
With Revenge , Fargeat has waved a blistering middle finger at rape culture and rape culture 's enablers . Revenge is n't hers alone . It 's womanhood 's , too .
It 's a ludicrously gory , over-the-top , woman-on-a-rampage grindhouse film ... and I kind of loved it .
The only real surprise is the sheer volume of gore : If gouged eyeballs , exploded heads , impaled torsos , and beautiful naked people flailing through pools of vital fluids are what you crave , you will be a fan , and I wo n't judge you .
Revenge 's story does n't reinvent the rape/vengeance genre all by itself , it 's Fargeat 's choices as a filmmaker that set this film apart from the rest .
Though the film makes a valiant effort to subvert a sexist formula by shrouding itself in French art film trappings and pseudo-empowering femininity , it ultimately falls prey to its exploitative roots .
Ah , but is it a good revenge movie ? Oui , vraiment , and one that does n't leave you feeling particularly sordid .
Revenge is a brutal , bloody , exhilarating work that does not even for a moment blink .
This story ... uses the abuse of a woman as a means of creating some thrills , but at least the thrills of Revenge are n't cheap .
Fargeat winks at the audience just before hitting them right in the gut .
It is not subtle , it is not for the fainthearted , but it is worth it .
Coralie Fargeat tears into the rape revenge genre with a startling ferocity in her debut feature , the brutal , bloody and beautiful `` Revenge . ''
Coralie Fargeat 's feature debut Revenge is a jaw-dropping thriller that 's both nail-bitingly brutal and fiercely feminist .
Writer-director Coralie Fargeat has come up with something so brutally atavistic , specifics would only get in the way .
It all becomes very silly and very panto ... The claims for feminist credibility feel very last-ditch indeed .
In fact , `` satisfying '' is maybe the most appropriate word to describe the feeling of viewing Revenge . It 's amazing to look at , interesting to analyze , and has a gut-level intensity that 's hard to shake .
For a shot of adrenaline in your next cinema trip , look no further - a future cult classic for sure .
It 's more of a gruesome thriller . But in its understanding of some very real anxieties - and its willingness to amp them up for the purposes of tension and social commentary - Revenge earns that designation pretty quickly .
Revenge is brutal and relentless , but it 's all in service of a powerful rise from literal ashes .
The male gaze is obviously a pivotal trope to grindhouse movies , and rape revenge in particular . But does it have to be ? And at what point does critiquing the thing merely become recreating it ?
The film is going to strain your suspension of disbelief to the breaking point . But if you can get past one particular event , you 're going to find Revenge a madcap , satisfying thrill ride .
Offers a woman 's POV on the age-old tale and succeeds in turning a B concept soaked in blood into a pure adrenaline rush of terror , grounded firmly in the real and horrifying dynamics that breed rape culture .
The film we need right now , from a filmmaker we need right now .
Equal parts feminist empowerment manifesto and raging red Grand Guignol heart-stopper , Revenge is , in the end , a dish best served up with cold blue steel and righteous rivers of sauce au sang .
`` Revenge '' is an all-or-nothing thrill ride , some of which you 'll likely watch between the fingers covering your eyes .
A well made film , which slithers confidently in its slick of blood .
Together with the many grotesquely gruesome moments of body horror , -LSB- the -RSB- aesthetic signals the film 's tangential relation to reality , and turns Revenge into an overwhelming and unshakeable sensory experience .
Turns the exploitation model on its head ... without skimping on the blood , pain , and satisfying kickassery that the audience for a rape-revenge thriller came to see .
Revenge is slick and stylish but also very shallow . It 's more a cartoon than a real piece of drama .
The film knows it 's off the grid , off the leash and , for climactic violence , off the chart . That 's its strength .
Coralie Fargeat teams breathtaking desert visuals with ultra close-ups to distinctive and queasy effect .
Revenge , the debut film by Coralie Fargeat , is unapologetic in its use of the genre as a brash , blood-and-guts crowd pleaser . Its contribution to social discourse may be limited , but it should be a good time for any midnight movie crowd .
Fargeat 's feature debut provides a down-and-dirty jolt of feminist rage and retribution that gets one 's pulse pounding-and which feels especially potent at this particular sociocultural moment in time .
Written and directed by Coralie Fargeat , her feature debut represents a welcome dose of feminism-fuelled subversion as she presents her own take on the rape-revenge narrative .
Apparently , peyote is a drug so powerful , it can turn a half-dead rape victim into a vengeful super-soldier .
A brutal , brilliant feminist Grindhouse masterclass , with a welcome challenge to the male gaze of ostensibly similar horrorshows .
`` Revenge '' leaves a lurid , punchy afterimage , an impression somewhere between righteous delight and quivering revulsion .
With the near-unbearable scenes of self-surgery , sexual violence and several bathtubs ' worth of blood , this is an uneasy and intense watch . See it if you can stand it .
A film that will set midnight movie devotees cheering for generations ...
A slick production , but not the subversive classic we were hoping for .
If Fargeat can sustain the purposeful visual and narrative complexity of -LSB- this film 's -RSB- two bookends throughout her next , watch out .
The film is so outrageously cool that genre fans will love it .
It maintains a dizzying and fun rhythm , fantastically unreal but , at the same time , brutally real ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Revenge is apparently a dish best served beneath dollops of red corn syrup .
Fargeat spares no expense with the gore , sending the film 's heroes and villains through the ringer , from gutsy shotgun blasts to gaping foot injuries that would send Bruce Campbell to the infirmary in tears .
A bloody good time .
Fetishism , parody , and various registers of violence propel a livewire thriller that mines the free-floating hostility existing between genders .
-LSB- Coralie -RSB- Fargeat has re-appropriated rape revenge with an extremely satisfying and empowering horror film that 's also pretty to look at when you 're not trying to keep your dinner down .
Purportedly a feminist film because its rape victim is a superhuman survivor who fights back ... Coralie Fargeat 's `` Revenge '' is a stylishly shot exploitation movie whose heroine is defined by the amount of butt cheek peeking out of her short shorts .
Revenge is a blockbuster debut , and if all is right in the world , Fargeat will be making movies for a very long time to come .
Jen shifts violently from the film 's object to its subject , messily deconstructing the ` look ' -LRB- of which she was initially a part -RRB- of the film , to expose the ugly humanity -LRB- and , more particularly , masculinity -RRB- hidden beneath all that seductive sheen
Equal parts suspense and wearing each other down , there 's only three villains so they fill the running time . And these are not expert killers on either side . There are no clean shots . They 're knock down drag out fights , drenched in blood .
Revenge is a French horror film that starts off rocky but finds it 's way home .
It 's beyond a shadow of a doubt the first great horror film of 2018 .
Shudder recently acquired Revenge and I do recommend folks give it a view , even if you find the subject matter at hand particularly hard to handle .
Revenge climaxes with a stellar and impressively violent final stretch that confirms its place as a superior vengeance-themed actioner .
An aggressively stylized , absolutely brutal rape-revenge film from French newcomer Coralie Fargeat .
An astonishing , subversive take on tired clichés .
It 's an exploitation movie that knowingly abuses the male gaze and then turns that uncivilized , leering lens on its head , placing us squarely in the shoes of its brutalized angel of vengeance .
Ample style , remarkable tension , decidedly French black humor , and more blood than I believe the human body actually contains .
Tautly controlled and wildly over-the-top , executed with flashy style , sly visual humor and a subversive feminist sensibility .

@highlight

Revenge slices and dices genre tropes , working within an exploitation framework while adding a timely -- yet never less than viscerally thrilling -- feminist spin .