The preposterous nature of the level-by-level plot never allows space for anything more interesting to happen .
Expanding the world of a concept is great ! But the story that Welcome to the Jungle is expanded for is yet another teen-self-actualization movie , the kind of thing we already received this year .
As a piece of pure entertainment , it hits the mark .
But it 's a genuinely great and fun time with a movie that 's always just a little bit smarter , a little bit more empathetic , and a little bit better than it needs to be .
... despite all its mistakes , it 's enjoyable , full of new ideas for those of us who grew up in an environment where video games were born and spread around the world . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This movie is stupid fun . And I like stupid fun .
Dwayne Johnson and Jack Black make this an adventure worth taking .
An acceptable summer pastime . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
This is a comedy that wins .
Charming , funny and feels completely untainted with modern cynicism in a desperate attempt to be edgy and relevant .
Even though the jokes are stale - especially the tired jokes at the expense of Millennials coming from Black - their performances enliven the bland comedy .
I had a lot of fun with this movie , I really did laugh out loud .
... is realized without cynicism and with a genuine enthusiasm that adds something of heart to the adventure . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... a very respectful sequel that , , in many ways , is superior to its predecessor . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
This 2015 documentary from Quino Piñero could very well do for traditional music from Ethiopia what Buena Vista Social Club did for Cuban music and musicians .
As loud and soulless a family movie as there 's been in years .
Although the pace of the movie slows down at times , it is a good adventure story and a good character study aided by some solid performances .
A fun lark , but despite its humour and occasional sweetness it still feels disposable .
But as for the rest of the adventure , this tape seems a parody of video games , a medium that has not been very successful on the big screen . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... has not a hint of the charm of which in 1995 starred Robin Williams . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Of the two Jumanji films that have been made , it is easily the best in pretty much every possible way .
Beneath the action-packed game is another story , one about kids learning to come to terms with who they are and to value the differences in others . So there is educational value in this holiday film .
Retrograde gender stereotypes and knock-off Indiana Jones action set-pieces duly follow .
Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle is a light-hearted , easy-to-watch action/comedy , with a different take on the coming-of-age story , and a good dynamic between the five main actors .
In a remarkable way -LSB- Jumanji is -RSB- developing a different epic that , without a doubt , will bring more productions as soon as possible . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
All-in-all , despite the PG-13 rating , the rebooted version of Jumanji remains a fun-family film to watch over the year-end holidays .
Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle is n't half-bad , but it is n't for me .
... meets the basic requirements of entertaining , bringing smiles , and the odd laugh ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle is a fun family adventure that is surprisingly better than expected .
An intermittently amusing fantasy ... welcome to the Jungle will appeal primarily to adolescent viewers .
Innocuous and unnecessary , and with zero nostalgic value , this remake seems motivated more by financial than creative means .
Dwayne Johnson makes Robin Williams proud .
A nice-looking movie is n't a good movie . Jumanji focused on story , character development , and a strong sense of imagination while Welcome to the Jungle focused more on gags , clichéd moments , and visual effects .
Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle is a decent light-comedy adventure film that forgets much of what distinguished its predecessor , but stands on its own feet .
The chemistry between the lead cast is evident and the script makes the most of this by giving each actor moments to shine and showcase their skills while they clearly enjoy playing their characters .
The cast works and the comic chemistry that The Rock and Kevin Hart had in Central Intelligence shines again , but they ... do little or nothing to get the film out of the stalemate in which it remains for its first 40 minutes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It is exactly what it seems to be : an obsequious waste of time that feels like a relic from twenty years ago and will be forgotten almost immediately . It 's not even worth this conversation .
A spirited , fun-filled adventure that should appeal to the whole family ...
No doubt , Jumanji : Welcome To The Jungle is empty-calorie escapist fun for the most part , even if it sometimes overcooks what remains a simple recipe to entertain .
It is aimed at a slightly older audience than the first film , and there are a few adult jokes and scary moments to be aware of , but all in all , Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle delivers a welcome return .
And despite how corny the execution was , the 2017 updates in Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle , were well-done .
Loud , brisk and incredibly light on its feet , there is a lot of fun to be had here .
What more could you really want from a Jumanji sequel ? Fun for the whole family , as they say .
Welcome to the Jungle is precisely as bankrupt as it seems . Maybe Jungle + Game + Big Movie Star seemed like all the formula that was necessary , and this movie just could n't be bothered to look at the goofball whimsy that made the original special .
The filmmakers have set out to create a genuine sense of danger in this jungle world -- without actually traumatising younger viewers -- and they have got the balance just right .
It 's not strictly a kids ' film , but from perhaps age six it is one that children , teens and adults will enjoy . It 's great fun and nowhere near as annoying as a cast including Jack Black and Kevin Hart should be .
Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle offers plenty of action , but never as exciting as seeing these actors play against type . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Jumanji : Welcome To The Jungle gets you chuckling within moments and keeps you chuckling all the way to its effective and unexpectedly poignant ending .
Special effects improve , but the sentiments in middling action movies for children remain the same . Still , this one is fairly lively .
It barely gets by as a mediocre genre attempt .
This crowd-pleasing romp combines boisterous action with coming-of-age comedy , all delivered in a shiny FX-laden package tailor-made for holiday audiences .
It strikes the balance between referencing its nostalgic origins without being obnoxious or obsequious in doing so .
Freaky Friday meets Indiana Jones in this surprisingly funny reimagining of the Robin Williams classic .
Enjoyable and undemanding entertainment .
As a throwaway adventure , Jumanji makes for a terrifically entertaining time killer , its big action set pieces nicely offset with some choice comic acting .
Veteran cast saves `` Jumanji '' redux .
Yet another needless reboot searching for a reason to exist .
Best of all , though , is Jack Black , whom I could watch pretending to be a pampered teenage prom queen till the cows come home .
A film about games that does n't understand them , with lowest-common-denominator gags in place of inventive humor or sly observations .
Kasdan 's film could 've just been any generic survivalist action-comedy ; slapping the board game onto the title is nothing but shameless branding .
As a body-switching flick the pic offers some decently inspired moments . But the rest feels like the sort of video game you might begin playing , but quickly grow bored by it . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
There are funny moments throughout Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle , but the sexual humor is constant and the narrative tension is nonexistent .
In a way it 's a one-note joke , but such a good one it easily sustains the rest of the movie .
More than 20 years after the Robin Williams original , the sequel finds clever ways to return to the mysterious board game , making it fresh and engaging .
`` Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle '' makes the original `` Jumanji '' look like a towering cinematic achievement .
The sequel stands alone well enough for newcomers while creating something enjoyable for those old enough to remember .
... sophisticates and magnifies what otherwise would have been flat and redundant . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... although some action sequences under the direction of Jake Kasdan -LRB- `` Sex Tape '' , `` Bad Teacher '' -RRB- are a little generic , he manages to pay tribute to the first film and be fun from start to finish . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Rather surprisingly , the second Jumanji caper has a `` big idea '' that extends beyond opportunistic brand recognition , with more than a nod to The Breakfast Club .
The Jumanji sequel nobody demanded is fun . Kind of .
Despite the film playing it by the rules and borrowing from a load of sources -LRB- Goonies , Breakfast Club , Freaky Friday , Big -RRB- full credit must go to the cast who never allow us to get bored .
Mostly great fun , with Jack Black outrageously entertaining as a teenage girl . But we need to talk about Karen . As Ruby Roundhouse , Gillan is stuck in less clothes than one of Rihanna 's backing dancers .
Johnson is in his usual self-parodying mode , and he banters well with the perpetually adrenalized Hart .
The movie has amusingly broad performances ; good , bloodless scares ... and self-empowering life lessons too bland to be specious . You could do far worse .
You 'll laugh , you 'll cheer , and you 'll wonder why it took a former WWE wrestler and his pals to turn this classic from the past into a joy today .
This one is a real blast .
Like a video game , the narrative lacks any character development , relying on obstacles , chases , and the threat of elimination . Hart delivers his one-liners with precision and verve , and Johnson is sweetly funny as the muscular incarnation of a gawky nerd .
What makes this a true high adventure is that it catches the details and nuances of what made Nineties multiplayer console games so infectious and frustrating .
A surprisingly peppy quasi-sequel that emphasizes humor over jungle adventure and has everyone playing against type .
It 's well paced , with enough twists to keep the audience hooked for its relatively tight run time .
Funny , charming , and one of the pleasant surprises of the year . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The kicks keep coming and the stars have a lot of fun channeling their teenage alter egos .
Aside from a handful of genuinely funny , ca n't - help-but-laugh moments , though , this trip to the jungle is anything but welcome .
The cast does their very best to keep it fun , but the lack of imagination weights the film down . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Proves that there 's no reason a movie that exists primarily to refresh a studio 's intellectual property ca n't still be fun to watch .
Corporate , cooked-up by committee ... by the time a Jonas Brother shows up , most viewers will have checked out , checking their text messages .
This is about as much fun as watching someone play a not-very-exciting video game for two hours .
Remake , sequel , reboot , reimagining - call it what you will - this return to the world of Chris Van Allsburg 's much-loved 1981 picture book is actually better than anyone could have hoped .
You wo n't feel much , you probably wo n't forget you 're sitting in a theater watching a group of people play a game , but it 's fun , and funny .
While the film may not punch you in the gut the way Williams ' Jumanji did , the sequel offers much in the way of laughs and shallow entertainment .
Barely fresh . Too much bad CGI and physics-defying action . Cast makes the most of it .
A thin layer of gender jokes around a lot of recycled Indiana Jones predicaments , cliffs , snakes , monuments and charging animals . Manages to be feel both too eventful and monotonous at the same time
Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle might not be a great movie , but sure as heck it 's an entertaining one .
For all the charm of the main cast , it 's borderline impossible to keep that energy up for two whole hours .
Star-studded reboot is charming ; some iffy stuff .
... a good natured but one-dimensional sequel to the 1995 film starring Robin Williams .
But what the film lacks in depth , it balances in detail . Black 's soft - but not comically squeaky - voice gives Bethany the soul she lacked in hot girl form , back when all the screenwriters could think of to have her do was take selfies .
It 's Hollywood formula at its most generic .
Laughs flow fast thanks to all four actors committing gamely to the bit , and the four-strong writing team doing their damnedest to winkle out every last gag from the mismatches .
Cheerful , predictable , the film is strictly by the action-comedy manual : providing one of the few contexts , in the steering adventure of art/life , in which `` manual '' and `` automatic '' are synonymous terms .
So much fun that by the time we get to Game Over , we just might be ready to reboot and start it over again .
This avatar dynamic contributes to making `` Welcome to the Jungle '' one of the more enjoyable action films of recent memory . All four leads are strong , and it 's fun to watch them riffing on their usual MOs
A likable , funny diversion , and sometimes more than that .
Sometimes silly , often frantic and ultimately surprisingly sweet , it 's a rollicking reminder that games are for meant for having fun-and there 's more than one kind of winner .
Every year , there are a handful of pleasant and unpleasant surprises in multiplexes . Count Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle among the former .
With its smart casting and lively action sequences , this version of the game is an overall upgrade .
A film that is playful in its approach , and commits solely to the notion of fun and entertainment .
The Jumanji sequel is n't something we needed , but it still 's a worthwhile family film that 's charming and funny .
With an impressive cast , Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle goes for laughs and stands on its own as a follow up to the original 1995 classic .
An unwieldy mash-up of a 1940s-style cliffhanger serial and ` The Breakfast Club ' -LSB- that -RSB- boasts , however , a game cast that gives the material more than it 's worth .
A consistently inventive and chucklesome reinvention of the Jumanji concept . Okay , so it coasts on the charm of its lead quartet , but when there 's this much charm , that 's no bad thing .
Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle is n't some cinematic masterpiece by any stretch but it does what it sets out to do , giving you two hours of silly fun .
It is smarter and more humorous than the first movie , and its digital effects - which include stampeding albino rhinos and mountain-scraping aerobatics - are far snazzier , as one would expect .
That the movie works to any degree is a genuine shock , but that 's not enough to overcome its inevitable slide into routine .
If this and Star Wars : The Last Jedi have proven anything , it 's that sometimes the best approach to a beloved franchise or property is to burn everything to the ground .
Welcome to the Jungle is an entertaining - if shallow - return to the world of Jumanji that 's intended more for youngsters than nostalgic adults .
The scary animals are still here , mind you ... But they are only included as minor obstacles in the background since the central characters are often too busy squabbling among themselves to notice anything going on around them .
It 's a cheeky script and the cast knows exactly how to work it . The camaraderie they generate ensure that this qualifies as something more than a special effects movie .
In the end , the filmmakers have given us one of the most fun movie-going experiences I 've had this year . Huge kudos go to Johnson , Hart and especially Black for providing some truly entertaining performances .
There are a couple of really solid laughs , and Kasdan finds a way to soften the most sadistic aspects of the concept that hung over Johnston 's original .
It all adds up to a very appealing and worthy sequel to the rather more frantic original , and manages to maintain a kind of '90s vibe , not least in Henry Jackman 's bouncy score .
Director Jake Kasdan coaxes crisp interplay from all four leads , getting more from Johnson and Hart 's scenes together than Central Intelligence did .
Welcome to Jake Kasdan 's jungle , he 's got fun and games . Unfortunately , he does n't have much of a movie .
Johnson is good at suggesting a timid teen beneath his wall of muscle . Gillan seems believably unsure of herself as the nerd Martha , while also making exposed abs look classy .
This Jumanji is a passable time-waster , the equivalent of comfort food dished up for the holidays .
This new Jumanji plays for the whole family , but without the dark undertone of the original . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Dwayne Johnson has an elaborate melee fight through a bazaar that is so in tune with actual video games it is impossible not to start playing air controller with synchronized button presses to him emphatically announcing his every action
Good family entertainment for the holidays , with a well-cast ensemble playing to their strengths .
Sorry , nostalgia junkies . `` Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle , '' the sequel to the popular 1995 movie about a mystical board game , rolls snake eyes .
It 's surprisingly OK , largely due to the likability factor of the four leads .
The material is often weak , but the stars earn their paychecks .
An engaging , sharply scripted and clever family adventure .
This updated Jumanji ca n't outrun the clichés on its tail , but its puppy-eagerness to please is hard to resist . And Jack Black steals every scene he 's in .
Jumanji reboot Welcome to the Jungle a happy surprise - a movie that turns out to be good -LRB- almost clean -RRB- fun , and is much more interested in character and comedy than special effects .
This is the central problem of `` Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle '' : it 's meant to be more modernized , but it 's mostly cliched and antiquated .
It 's pure formula , but Kasdan and company fill in the blanks well in what ends up as a funny and highly entertaining pleasant surprise of a family adventure .
You may ask : Though good for an initial laugh , how long can this wrong-body comedy shtick pay off ? The answer : pretty much the entire movie .
Culturally clueless cinematic vomit , a cynical undertaking embracing the most diminishing clichés it can apply to its characters . Low stakes , and low humor .
The performances by Mr. Johnson , Mr. Hart and Mr. Black seem informed by the conviction that if they amuse themselves , they will also amuse others . They are not entirely wrong , but they are also not sufficiently right .
If you 're going to coast on charm , you could do a lot worse than Dwayne Johnson .
It is really good for kids to see the characters empower each other , both in the game world and in real life . Through their avatars they teach each other real world skills , and celebrate the sometimes absurd skills their characters possess .
The spirited sequel Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle is a smartly engineered family film with plenty to make you smile .
A game cast labors to blow the dust off what 's more `` recognizable IP '' than `` beloved classic . '' But its pulmonary powers peter out at an updated premise . The jokes are obvious , the messaging bland and the computer-abetted nonsense not at all thrilling .
A workmanlike comedy with some fun surprises hidden along the way ...
Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle breathes through its adventurous pores . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
There are plenty of genuine lols , thrilling action sequences , including one truly excellent fight scene with Dwayne Johnson who was made to play a video game character , and even some truly touching moments .
A big-budget follow-up that does n't unreel like a lazy money grab is a victory in of itself . Everybody wins this game .
With its video game upgrade , `` Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle '' manages to match the silly fun of its predecessor - even without Williams - and that 's no small achievement unlocked .
I do n't recall asking for another round of Jumanji and the laughs do n't come easily in this version despite a game cast .
Their cognitive dissonance is what gives Jumanji its humor , and the film relies on the star personas of Johnson , Hart , Black and Gillan to deliver it .
`` Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle , '' is a very sweet , and generally entertaining body swap lark with some nice messages about being , and believing in , yourself .
The script is tight and fast-paced and the film really benefits from the new setting , but really it 's the cast that brings the magic back .
Each performer gets more-or-less comic traits to work to death , but -LSB- Jack -RSB- Black is the only one who comes close to inspired lunacy as the formerly attractive girl appalled , yet intrigued , by her new male equipment
Ultimately , it may not be a fitting tribute vehicle to the late Robin Williams , but works as a fun watch if you 're a huge Johnson or Hart fan .
It leans too hard into its silliness sometimes , sure , but tolerating that is a small price to pay for such fun .
Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle is a surprisingly fun romp that wisely seeks its thrills a mostly different way than the original did .
An entertaining romp , wisely avoiding the burden of topping what 's come before , with Kasdan mindful of silly business and CGI chaos as he strives to remain true to character .
This sequel turns out to be a comedy of manners , of all things , and an agreeable one , a movie that will get you laughing and suck you in .
Without question , one of the most fun movies of the year . The cast is excellent and they overcome any of the film 's shortcoming through pure force of charisma .
It 's a perfectly entertaining film that excels on the charm of its cast , but it 's sometimes weighed down by its own exposition and does n't leave much of a mark .
In an age where 20-year-later sequels are often a disaster , relying too intently on nostalgic value of the originals , Jumanji : Welcome To The Jungle stands head and shoulders above the rest .
The film is unable to reconcile a desire to ridicule its own artifice with constant attempts to foster genuine empathy and dramatic tension .
Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle turns out to be surprisingly fun , infusing the premise with a The Breakfast Club twist while accentuating the comedy .
This a tentpole that recognizes once you hit the start button , you 're hoping for a mindless , entertaining time , and , in the end , you wo n't feel like you wasted one of your lives .
Dwayne Johnson , Jack Black , Kevin Hart , and Karen Gillan are all perfectly cast . Each of these actors commits to the material and becomes their character .
Proud to report that Jake Kasdan 's `` Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle '' presents itself as a fun and entertaining piece that introduces the mysterious game to new generations while still having a respect for its origins .
Jumanji : Welcome To The Jungle captures a solid sense of exciting `` B Movie '' adventure , tying together a plot with resonant emotional stakes and characters you care about .
The action scenes are satisfying , and the effects , fun , if not earthshaking . But the best thing about Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle may be how well-crafted it is .
Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle is very funny . The humor alone warrants viewing . The cast , both young and old , are solid in their performances .
Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle is a bold , fresh take on the franchise , taking a new spin on a well known property .
It 's an entertaining , engaging , colourful picture in its own right with decently-handled action-adventure set-pieces and sly comedy , detouring from the expected thrills and spills into body-hopping comedy drama .
Injecting fresh energy into Chris Van Allsburg 's hugely successful 1981 book , director Jake Kasdan 's rollicking mix of It 's a Wonderful Life and Tomb Raider finds comfortable humour and heart at the soft centre of its dog-eared source material .
One of this sequel-slash-reboot 's key deficiencies : the lack of any significant connective tissue with its forerunner .
It works on its terms and succeeds as a clever and witty kid-friendly adventure without relying on nostalgia or IP awareness .
It is all just a little too safe . Nevertheless Jumanji : Welcome To The Jungle still delivers the requisite fun and laughs to be deemed worthwhile .
All in all , Jumanji : Welcome To The Jungle wo n't achieve classic status like the original -- but it 's far from a franchise-ruiner , and in this day and age of dodgy remakes , that 's all we can really hope for .
The task at hand is to make a family action-adventure vehicle for some big screen names , one that bangs and clangs cheerfully until the end . The fact that it comes together with as much charm as it does is something of a mainstream moviegoing miracle .
Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle is a slight but bemusing bucket of holiday popcorn for families wanting a second -LRB- or third -RRB- trip to the theaters this season after Star Wars .
It 's a likeable film which borrows liberally from everything and everyone , and if it 's put together by numbers , well , then it is done capably enough .
Jumanji does n't reinvent the wheel , but it does shake up the board game with an Uncharted-style story packed with heart and laughs .
Even if some of its subplots and emotional throughlines do n't quite click , the action-packed fun and humor should still make it worth your price of admission .
The film 's main appeal is in watching familiar actors pretend to be ordinary kids grappling with their new selves .
It manages to pull off something I once would have thought was impossible : It makes the original Jumanji look like a beloved cinema classic .
The film strikes a nice balance between serviceable , not-overly-slick action scenes and comedy that 's actually rooted in character , rather than cheap references or stereotypes .
The mildly amusing Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle is further proof that even the stalest whiff of brand recognition has become preferable to originality .
It 's supposed to be a video-ized board game come to life , but really , it 's just a bored game .
While Jumanji is n't interactive in the way of actual video games , it does its best to simulate that feeling by getting you on the same page with the players at every turn .
Quibbles aside , Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle is the perfect , light holiday family movie . You eat some popcorn , have some laughs , and go back to your own jungle .
Jumanji : Welcome To The Jungle is both a fulfilling reinvention and adventurous video game quest that 's far funnier , and unexpectedly exciting , than you could hope from an evolved reboot with explosive fantasy character .

@highlight

Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle uses a charming cast and a humorous twist to offer an undemanding yet solidly entertaining update on its source material .