It contains the seed of a much better film that is left unexplored . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
A lot of the emotional communication comes through in the music , especially when Sam can not confront his own feelings , reminding us why we make music in the first place .
Shock can lead to awe , but in the case of Rudderless , shock leads to `` ahhh , they blew it . ''
Skillfully directed by William H. Macy , `` Rudderless '' is one of those small independent films that it 's a privilege to discover
The picture is performance-driven , without a wandering eye , to the extent that you ca n't help but feel moved every time Billy Crudup 's Sam busts out his guitar .
Touching drama about father remembering lost son with music .
Even though the screenplay strains credibility at times , and the music really is n't that great , the thoughtful premise is handled with sensitivity instead of crassness .
Rudderless is a heartwarming , sobering and surprisingly fun movie with great performances and even greater music . While certain aspects of the story do n't vibe with the overall tone , the characters and the songs they play tend to override narrative flaws .
RUDDERLESS offers great music and two charismatic leads , yet the story tends to feel a little out of tune .
William H. Macy 's directorial debut is a smash ! ... interesting story , good music -LRB- performed by Billy Crudup and Anton Yelchin themselves -RRB- , challenging and touching ...
The script and characters would have benefited from more depth and dramatic layers , and some of the scenes look like add-on moments , not part of a cohesive whole .
... there are many things about Rudderless that do work in smaller sections .
`` Rudderless '' is a film about how much - and how little - you can know someone through their art , and the film itself feels like an extension of the scruffy but sincere characters Macy has been playing for decades .
It would seem cynical - the perfect Sundance movie , at which festival it premiered - if it was n't also nakedly earnest . It 's almost likable despite trying hard to be so , and despite trying so hard in general .
Contrived or not , the story is put across with pleasing , unpretentious conviction and skill by Macy .
Rudderless is humane and almost entertaining .
Two solid talents - actor Billy Crudup and actor-turned-director William H. Macy - have both thrived in theatre and been frequently seen in indie films . They give Rudderless some heft and polish , but the material rings too familiar .
The film is a roller-coaster of emotions and the jolt , when it comes , will send you reeling .
For all its noble intentions and loaded emotions , `` Rudderless '' proves a largely hollow , uninvolving affair .
The music sounds fine , but Macy 's iffy direction prevents Rudderless from becoming more than a quasi-pleasing , mediocre first effort from a filmmaker struggling to set sail on a firm course .
The story takes an even sharper left turn in the last half hour , raising emotional issues it ca n't adequately address .
William H. Macy has never directed a movie before , but the Oscar-nominated actor has clearly been paying attention over the years .
`` Rudderless '' is n't always smoothly paced , and features a plot twist that 's awkwardly handled , but at its heart is a performance that resonates - and a director that , I hope , has more stories to tell .
Dishonest , manipulative and ultimately infuriating ...
`` Rudderless '' is a quietly ambitious film , and if it eventually collapses under the dramatic weight it 's asked to shoulder - and it does - at least it 's trying .
`` Rudderless '' is a competent , well-acted melodrama , yet in scope and ambition it has the modest and serviceable scale of the small , not silver , screen .
It 's not easy making an uplifting film about the aftermath of the death of a son . But director and co-writer William H. Macy and actor Billy Crudup as the bereaved father pull it off in `` Rudderless , '' a movie more about redemption than the causes of evil .
Crudup 's performance holds the center . His pain is n't soggy or showy ; it just feels true .
The songs , generically rousing as they are , help distinguish the movie from its mourning-drama brethren and infuse it with some energy .
The way co-writer/first-time feature director William H. Macy withholds relevant information is hard to justify .
The movie wobbles as it approaches the home stretch , but , thanks to its leading man , manages to stick the landing .
Macy 's theatrical direction has always been topnotch . So consider this a warmup .
It 's easy to get swept up in Rudderless ' heady ascent while waiting for the inevitable fall .
The most pleasantly surprising element of Rudderless is its soundtrack . The songs ... are melodious and endearing , both humorous and moving .
It 's puzzling why a talent like Macy bothered with a project that is so long on sentiment and short on comic relief - and unclear on what it wants to say on a variety of hot-button topics .
A kind of unholy mash-up of Lynne Ramsay 's sobering school-massacre melodrama We Need to Talk About Kevin with John Carney 's bogus feel-good musical Begin Again .
A obvious , odd yet unsurprising musical tragedy that will leave you adrift
It unnecessarily hampers itself for over an hour for the sake of a gotcha moment before finally allowing its actors to explore something more than generic grief .
The music rocks , the performances are fun .
A sober but not at all humorless film in which sentimentality is viewed as suspect , something to be indulged , if at all , in secrecy .
Despite it 's conventionality , the film is funny enough and affecting enough that I could dig it .
Rudderless is the greatest film to emerge from Sundance this year .
Crudup is as good as it gets when playing impaired , almost always making choices that are unexpected and manage to be funny without minimizing the depth of intoxication .
Do n't let the title of this film fool you - `` Rudderless '' is solid .
Somewhat baffling in retrospect , if actually rather bland and formulaic to watch .

@highlight

Rudderless asks its cast to carry an awful lot of weight for its occasionally manipulative story ; fortunately , this talented bunch -- led by Billy Crudup -- is often more than up to the task .