Mystery lovers will delight in the sophisticated murder scheme , oenophiles will love the Wine Expo atmosphere , and admirers of restrained menace will lose themselves in the icy pools of Arestrup 's eyes .
It 's both an entertaining drama and a snappy little postcard of France .
How much you enjoy `` You Will Be My Son '' depends on how much you can take an unbearable , arrogant jerk as your lead character .
Gilles Legrand 's draggy melodrama about miserable characters who persist in their folly and never wise up is strictly vin ordinaire .
French director and co-writer Gilles Legrand shows great mastery of tone and pacing in his third feature , which begins life as a domestic drama set at a family-owned vineyard and slowly morphs into a tense thriller .
A strongly acted , character-driven melodrama , concerned with the dynamics of family in general and father-son issues in particular , it presents situations so emotionally supercharged that the whole story could have come straight out of Balzac .
Headed by a pungent patriarchal performance by Arestrup ... in beautiful vineyards ... how far ambition trumps family ties is unpredictable ... into a tense tale of revenge .
It 's an entertaining melodrama of the old school that plays out with the clockwork inevitability of a `` Columbo '' episode .
The parallel dramas underline the universal theme of primal jealousy , as fathers confront the prospect of their sons superseding them .
Everything is explicit ; no one makes an unexpected move .
Legrand pays homage to this talent by packaging him with a fine script , a strong supporting cast and a rich production that make this fraught wine world both thrilling and chilling .
You Will Be My Son endlessly spins its wheels , offering up scene after scene of Deutsch screwing up , or just plain existing , and Arestrup tossing deeply disgusted glances in his direction .
A kind of parable that is as much an effective portrait of intergenerational struggle as it is a slick psychological thriller with Shakespearian shadings .
Evoking a contemporary fable but unfolding like a thriller , You Will Be My Son is most of all a devastatingly realistic depiction of the festering resentments shared between a father and son .
The tyranny of fatherhood does n't have a more intimidating embodiment than Niels Arestrup .
For all of the director 's willingness to explore his characters ' unexpected depths , he 's still hamstrung by his perpetually tasteful cinema-of-quality aesthetic .
Great talent and a monstrous ego often come as a package deal , as illustrated by this insightful , taut 2011 drama set in Bordeaux .
... a criss-crossing and parallel father son story with a gruff , larger-than-life performance from the great Arestrup and a highly satisfying unexpected climactic development that 's weakened by the extreme difference between de Marseul pere and fils .
The story is Shakespearean in tone and mood as the elder attempts to thwart the younger and the younger fights against his father 's maneuverings .
Legrand has directed with belief in what he is doing , and Niels Arestrup as Paul manages to be both strong and subtly humorous .
A powerful father-son psychodrama with plenty of emotional fireworks in its depiction of the toxic power of high expectations .
Niels Arestrup delivers an award-caliber turn as a malevolent patriarch in this gripping melodrama .
A compelling story of family dysfunction on a French vineyard is buoyed by an Oscar-worthy performance from Niels Arestrup .
It 's well acted , slips easily and satisfactorily from the realistic into the melodramatic , and for the unviticultured like myself it is highly informative .
An acid drama which leaves a deliciously bitter aftertaste .
Legrand handles the absurdity with some style , and there is something clever in making an apparently minor character responsible for a major narrative flourish . An enjoyable spectacle .
As metaphors for life go , wine has a very high yield , and Gilles Legrand 's sensitive screenplay tramples out every last drop of juice .
It all ends in tears , bouquet 'd with irony , wisdom and bleak comedy .
Lustrous photography and a fine cast make this dark drama a compelling one .
Might -LSB- be -RSB- a little by-the-book for some viewers , but the feelings have a persuasive , bloody rawness to them .
Perfect for Christmas in the sense that you 'll look on your own family a little more warmly after this one .
The only downside is Armand Amar 's over-explicit score , underlining every dramatic moment .
Leisurely paced at the outset , director Gilles Legrand builds a considerable head of emotional steam .
Father v son or father & son ? A theme frequented by filmmakers , the father/son relationship is powerful terrain for drama and Gilles Legrand explores it with a fearless sensibility
This is a potent story about fathers and sons and filmmaker Gilles Legrand builds beautifully and devastatingly on this theme
A classy , full-bodied family drama from Gallic scribe-helmer Gilles Legrand .

@highlight

Niels Arestrup gives a powerful performance in this tale of familial tension that plays out like a taut , arresting thriller .