Many of Ben 's complaints are totally valid .
There 's ultimately little doubt that the movie is far more successful as a showcase for Broderick 's stirring work than as a fully realized drama ...
Matches every cliché with a bit of melodrama .
If ... Wonderful World seem -LRB- s -RRB- a little tired , the film still has its own low-key pleasures , thanks to Broderick 's restrained performance and a script that punctuates the inescapable saccharine of its storyline with tart little bursts of anger .
While this movie is earnest and well-intentioned , it does n't quite work .
Not quite good enough .
While the main character is a darkly morbid individual apparently at war with the world , through the people around him he begins to see things in a different light , the building emotions bubbling inside of him ones just about everyone can relate to .
Despite a film festival pedigree -LRB- it was shown at a number of local festivals on the 2009 circuit -RRB- , the movie is so lightweight and inconsequential that a review seems almost superfluous .
The movie itself is a little too tidy , a little too determined to convey a lesson , but the character sticks with you .
It 's all very sincere , but watching a dweebish depressive learn that Life Is Good is a lesson of diminishing returns .
The movie is unfailingly likable and finally impressive . Goldin does n't settle for easy answers , and he makes you think that no one should .
A touching spiritual drama about a cynical man and his auspicious relationship with a wise Senegalese brother and his beautiful sister .
-LSB- Lathan -RSB- finally has a showcase , yet does n't have a full character to play .
Soft sells its cliches so effectively and without guile they seem fresh in the telling . Then again , maybe you can never overuse the concept of people learning how to be happy .
Matthew Broderick adopts just the right attitude for his role in Wonderful World .
watching this dud is a reminder as to why Goodbye Solo and The Visitor worked as well as they did .
The story never fully blends the idea of Singer 's rediscovery of his artistic voice -- and even something as simple as why he was a children 's performer in the first place is never addressed -- with his personal renewal .
Ferris Bueller 's Jungle Fever !
A paint-by-numbers tale of redemption for a man whose wounds are mostly self-inflicted .
A less complicated , and less convincing , variation on The Visitor .
It takes some digging , but there are a few nuggets of emotional clarity within Wonderful World that makes it worth a sit , along with the chance to spy a nice ensemble of actors able to nudge some life into Goldin 's screenplay .
The script feels slim , as though Goldin , lacking inspiration for actual witty lines , hoped that Broderick might bring some comedic spin to the wan dialogue .
An enjoyable look into one man 's emotional journey even if it does n't offer anything that new or indispensable in the grand scheme of things .
More impoverished than the budget is Wonderful World 's script , a shopworn tale of redemption in which the constantly outraged , pot-puffing misanthrope learns that `` magic is everywhere . ''
Ben is such a stock type , and his circumstances are so doggedly implausible , that his ultimate transformation and happily-ever-after are a preordained conclusion that one must dutifully await while enduring squishy dramedy .
`` Wonderful World '' is a faulty independent drama that adds up to less than the sum of its underdeveloped parts .
Credit Broderick and the cast for putting across the fey Indiewood bullcrap with committed , nearly convincing effort .





@highlight

Matthew Broderick gives an appealing performance and director Joshua Goldin 's script contains unexpected bursts of honest emotion , but Wonderful World 's good intentions ca n't make up for its lack of originality .