The reason to see I 've Loved You So Long is quite simple : Kristin Scott Thomas .
Kristin Scott Thomas seems to want to move things in a -LRB- ... -RRB- more challenging direction , but I 've Loved You So Long is too polite , too bent on being emotionally accessible , to follow her .
A riveting character piece which will stir the soul upon completion .
Un relato sensible y sutil sobre la reconstrucción de un vínculo interrumpido traumáticamente . Más que atendible debut en la dirección del escritor Philippe Claudel , con estupendas actuaciones de sus protagonistas femeninas .
Too predictable .
The well-drawn , intriguing characters and vividly realistic situations make for an interesting story that holds your attention . The conversations are natural and succinct .
Philippe Claudel 's `` I 've Loved You So Long '' finds Kristen Scott Thomas giving one of last year 's best performances in one of last year 's better films .
The last-act revelation leaves the audience off the hook in a way that 's more common for a soothing Hollywood picture than this sort of challenging French import .
In the hands of Kristin Scott Thomas it becomes the story of one woman 's struggle with the events of her life ...
Remarkable directorial debut of French novelist Claudel .
Madeline Goes to Prison tops Madea Goes to Jail
Reminds us of how truly brilliant filmmaking needs none of the technology and bombast Hollywood has come to depend on .
Do n't let the Harlequin Romance title fool you .
Claudel has made a very special kind of star vehicle -- the kind that 's also a very good movie overall .
The movie 's fascinating when it tracks Juliette 's tentative , almost unwilling progress back into society .
The ending is a cop-out : It lets the audience off the hook while congratulating it for its empathy .
Thomas and Zylberstein are exceptional beyond the film itself , which demands deliberation and made me wish that it delivered a more memorable payoff for that patience .
The detail in I 've Loved You So Long is incredible . There 's a tightness of structure that makes no moment seem inessential .
This is n't a movie about big emotional breakthroughs , but about the slow thaw taking place in Juliette 's heart , and writer-director Philippe Claudel and the actors do an excellent job in charting a series of small , telling steps forward .
` I 've Loved You So Long ' feels convincing even when jolting developments occur .
A good movie with a great performance , I 've Loved You So Long is about one rewrite away from perfection .
In a few moments the British actress , playing a haunted woman named Juliette , will begin speaking French , but in these moments her face reveals more than any dialogue .
It is n't much of a plot , but the film is a very good character study , and is a showcase for some great performances .
In a profession that routinely casts aside leading ladies when they hit 40 , it 's a shame a great one had to take her act to France to remind us that actors , like wines , only improve with age .
I 've Loved You So Long transcends its melancholy subject matter thanks to a terrific , restrained performance from Kristen Scott Thomas which should earn her some attention when time comes to hand out nominations and then awards .
I 've Loved You So Long is n't a perfect movie , thanks to the wrinkle at the end but it is so good for so long that it begs forgiveness .
Has the precision and reticence of a good novella or short story ... -LSB- and -RSB- an outstanding lead performance from Kristin Scott Thomas .
This is a drama about the role of forgiveness in daily life , made compelling by an actress with a flair for the ordinary .
Viewers will likely guess Juliette 's secret , but the strength of the film is that , despite its bleakness , you want to stay with Juliette to the very end to hear it from her mouth .
Makes the most out of dead air and empty spaces .
As much as Thomas transcends her typically reserved , austere presence , it 's not quite enough to give the movie the emotional weight it so desperately reaches for .
Scott Thomas ' spare movements and flinty expression reflect Juliette 's will to hold in her emotions like a dam about to burst - and when it finally does , the results are heartbreaking .
-LSB- The cast -RSB- bails the film out when it gets itself into some particular tricky spots .
This film teaches the rewards of patience for directors , for actors and for audiences , too .
Each relationship is deftly , brilliantly sketched and the relationship snapshots are satisfyingly complex
Filled with intricate emotions , this sensitive and beautifully restrained film blossoms from its austere beginnings to a rich and satisfying conclusion with finesse and elegance .
This is a thriller , though , in the sense that it is a thrill to watch Scott-Thomas give one of the finest performances of the year .
I 've Loved You So Long is very thin and artificial ; characters behave erratically and illogically for no other reason than to serve the forward thrust of the plot .
Kristen Scott Thomas ' performance is the backbone to an emotionally moving story about a woman searching for redemption within herself . Seek this out !
Kristen Scott Thomas delivers a powerhouse portrayal of a woman with a secret past in this downbeat yet rewarding French melodrama .
Despite its flaws , the movie pulls you in with its squarely realistic setting and subdued performances . Best of all is Thomas .
The film 's last-chapter flood of confession and emotion is cathartic for the audience as well as the characters .
-LSB- The -RSB- final twist undoes the film to some degree , -LSB- but -RSB- it can not undo Scott Thomas 's performance , one of the marvels of this , or any , cinematic year .
Claudel 's Juliette is one of the year 's great movie characters , and she has earned the right to keep some things just for herself .
Utterly absorbing .
Thomas gives it her all , uncorking every ounce of emotion she 'd held in check , with Herculean restraint , over the better part of two hours .
-LSB- An -RSB- exquisitely rendered story of reconciliation and redemption , which has something of a thriller 's structure but is really all about relationships .
I 've Loved You So Long is about the repercussions of tragedy , the difficulty of being supportive , the need for patience in the face of despair . Without saying much , Scott Thomas carries the entire enterprise on her slender shoulders .
If Scott Thomas ' performance , with her limpid , wounded eyes and her brittle , angular physique , is the movie 's face , then Elsa Zylberstein 's Léa is , in a sense , its mainspring .
Watching this sublime actress , utilizing a minimum of text and a slow-burn intensity , is one of the more exhilarating experiences to be had in a cinema
Kristin Scott Thomas gives a performance that is so chilling , so braced in pain that it 's almost impossible to bear . Almost impossible , because , in fact , it 's impossible not to behold this riveting piece of role immersion .
Locked into a scheme of formal rigor and peek-a-boo screenwriting , the film is too busy calling attention to its own cleverness to allow any room for emotional connection .
If this movie is as patient , delicate , and introspective as it pretends , what to make of all the bludgeoning , obvious tactics that keep serving to remind us of its impeccable tact ?
It 's certainly a good film , but its merits seem relatively inconsequential next to the knockout performance by its lead , Scott Thomas ... who uses minimal expressions to convey so much .
Without Kristin Scott Thomas , I 've Loved You So Long would be a watchable but hardly a memorable movie .
I 've Loved You So Long is a love letter to family . It 's an homage to the restorative power of love . It 's a gift of forgiveness .
An uneven new French film that plays like a companion piece to the recent British drama Boy A.
Like a good book , I 've Loved You So Long unfolds in chapters . And when it ends , you close the cover with emotion and reluctance .
Anchored by Kristin Scott Thomas ' searing , downright engrossing performance ...
What 's more , she does it with brutally direct simplicity , belying the usual overly emotional histrionics and quirky tricks actors tend to employ when taking on a character with this much melodramatic baggage .
I 've Loved You So Long is a heart-rending movie that takes the audience by surprise .
A haunting and redemptive film experience .
It is a story of truth , hope and redemption , so wonderfully performed by everyone in the cast .
The beauty of ` I 've Loved You So Long ' is watching the veneer of ice that figuratively covers Juliette , and how it is slowly chipped away .
You may need to see I 've Loved You So Long twice in order to see it once .
... a powerful performance by Kristin Scott Thomas ... a performance of great honesty and craftsmanship .
Kristin Scott Thomas ' performance in I 've Loved You So Long is one of a small handful of highlights by which people will remember this year in movies .
Philippe Claudel is a successful French novelist , so it 's odd that his filmmaking debut suffers more from narrative than cinematic flaws .
Thomas packs infinite amounts of nuance and agony into such moments , and after a while she outraces the movie itself .
-LSB- Kristin Scott Thomas -RSB- keeps a tight rein on her melodramatic instincts throughout . Then , at precisely the right moment , the character 's delayed release becomes the audience 's gratification .
Whatever flaws there may be in the script or direction of I 've Loved You So Long , it 's a must-see for the two performances at its center .
This is one of Kristin Scott Thomas ' most inspired performances .
The story is a luxurious mess of woes . But dramatic resolution is almost beside the point when Scott Thomas and the precise , birdlike Zylberstein engage in such attractive flights of performance in service to sisterly love .
It would be easy to overrate I 've Loved You So Long , which often dampens its best effects with undue tastefulness , but the image of Scott Thomas , with her despairing resilience , stays with one .
The film is a tease , with a cheat of a final disclosure , but Philippe Claudel 's direction is both probing and delicate , and Scott Thomas 's face , even immobile , keeps you watching , searching for hints of her character 's past .
Scott Thomas breathes more emotion into Juliette 's affectless , haunted demeanor than most actors do with pages of dialogue .
Philippe Claudel gives his heroine unusual depth , which Kristin Scott Thomas reveals with unusual passion , and he fills the world around her with characters who bespeak a novelist 's fertile imagination .
Writer/director Philippe Claudel knows just how to structure a character study of this sort , so that key elements and important secrets are revealed over time , piquing our interest .
You 'd have to be made of stone not to weep at the confession that caps I 've Loved You So Long .
I 've Loved You So Long is the kind of film America 's moviemakers have all but given up on .
The heart of the movie is the wary dance of reconnection between the sisters , and , again , the beauty is in the details .
For whatever blessings Claudel received with his cast and his admirable writing , Claudel takes very few chances with the material as a director and it sticks the film in neutral
This absorbing emotional journey builds to a devastating climax .
In the drama I 've Loved You So Long , Kristin Scott Thomas 's furious honesty rules out easy , unearned redemption .
Want a master class in film acting ? Check out Kristin Scott Thomas as Juliette , a doctor just out of prison in this spellbinder from writer-director Philippe Claudel .
With sparse emotion and very slowly evolving detail , writer/director Philippe Claudel 's mood drama reveals long-held secrets and passions simmering under the radar .
-LSB- Kristin Scott Thomas ' -RSB- performance is much bigger than the film that contains it .
Much will be written about Kristin Scott Thomas 's performance ... most of it justified .
A literate and lithe French drama about the spiritual transformation of a woman who has spent 15 years in prison .
a career capping performance from Kristin Scott Thomas with wonderful support from Zylberstein , but ... -LSB- Claudel -RSB- stumbles with his climatic revelation , a contrived piece of writing that turns his already sympathetic heroine into a martyr .
The film deftly sketches a sibling relationship complicated by obligation , guilt , mistrust , and , not least , an abiding love .
Solicitously shepherding us into the shallows of the therapeutic women 's novel , Claudel tamps down his magnificently intransigent Hedda Gabler , and makes her gently weep just when she should be baying at the moon .
Mr. Claudel has made a grown-up film for our troubled time , and created a beautiful rapport between two gifted actresses .
This is an amazing film for a directorial debut , but Mr. Claudel eschews sentimentality with what practically amounts to quiet heroism .
Richly layered like a novel , with themes ranging from entrapment to romance to fulfillment , this smart , beautiful , even funny movie is an unequivocal pleasure .
One of the most intriguing character studies in recent memory ; a dialogue heavy drama that never gets dull and will leave you drained from the amount of emotions explored .
I 've Loved You So Long is the kind of film that will bore to tears those who do not enjoy simple , unforced character dramas .
Thomas plays Juliette as if she 's trapped within her own body too , gradually learning to navigate her old world . Her performance gives life to a taut narrative .
Scott Thomas is aces in the lead role , with flashes of mordant wit that prevent it from becoming a dreary study in self-pity .
A scintillating drama about pain and healing made with intelligence and compassion .
Superbly directed , beautifully written and emotionally powerful drama with terrific performances by Kristin Scott Thomas and Elsa Zylberstein .
A top-of-the-range family melodrama sparingly told and austerely framed , Claudel 's tale of guilt , grief and redemption will have viewers thinking deep and weeping long .
Philippe Claudel is adept at adding emotional filigree to the solid three-act structure .
The pace builds a degree of tedium , crying out for some cinematic elevation -- though not at the expense of the character depth that is the film 's sterling attribute .
This startling tale of redemption refuses to take an easy road through the material , revealing its secrets gradually and putting the characters in sharp focus .
Claudel proves that he understands his characters and sympathises with them equally . When the French do this kind of thing well , they do it very well indeed .
If the build-up inevitably shares Juliette 's coldness , the conclusion is rich with emotion , raising questions about psychology , morality and more - even if it does n't wholly convince .
what writer-director Philippe Claudel does superbly is to map the slow thawing of the icy chip at her heart .
As a mood-piece the film sits on a pedestal , rather , waiting to be admired .
One for arthouse fans only .
A stonking lead performance from Kristin Scott Thomas ferries Philippe Claudel 's directorial debut over its forced twists .
This is Scott Thomas ' film , and she commands it with a quiet performance -LRB- literally -RRB- , conveying a range of conflicted emotions through her expressive eyes and gaunt , ashen features .
It 's absorbing to watch , and the two leads offer an acting masterclass .
Scott Thomas 's performance , easily the best of her career , countermands any such qualms : the centre of a deeply involving , beautifully acted and expertly constructed human drama by and for grown-ups .
The directorial debut from the novelist Phillippe Claudel , this is a classy , emotionally intelligent portrait of two women rebuilding a relationship .
A quietly powerful , very moving drama featuring a tour de force from Kristin Scott Thomas .
Claudel understands that his drama lies in letting two superb actresses build their characters , forge their relationship and examine their grief .
So note-perfect are the performances from all the cast in I 've Loved You So Long that you want them to inhabit a film that is somehow less contrived and more honest .
Scott Thomas is an ideal actress to play this character , with her coolness , her subsumed passion , her fierce intelligence , and her ever-present , self-effacing wit .
Credible tale of the impact on her family and others of a woman who killed her child .







@highlight

I 've Loved You So Long is a sublimely acted family drama as well as a noteworthy directorial debut from Phillipe Claudel .