There 's plenty that beguiles in Robert Eggers ' moody film The Witch .
Although mainstream horror movie fans might not warm to its methodical pacing , the unnerving atmosphere director/writer Robert Eggers creates can be compared to genre classics like Rosemary 's Baby .
Robert Eggers 's thriller about the supernatural in Puritan New England will get under your skin .
The Witch is unnerving to your bloodstream all the way to the very core of your heart , as Robert Eggers successfully demonstrates that he understands horror , and how to actually create something of artistic merit from the genre
It 's only when the family 's livestock become involved that cracks appear in the earnest surface . I have n't cackled so much since the satanic goat in Sam Raimi 's Drag Me To Hell .
That the film climaxes with an inexplicable change of heart for a major character -LRB- or was it a reveal ? It 's impossible to tell for sure -RRB- suggests that Eggers may have taken from one too many sources to patch this thing together .
Eggers is clearly first and foremost a film-maker rather than a historian and the urge to entertain eventually prevails .
The Witch is an exceptionally well-made horror movie that relies on character-driven drama to create fear , not cheap gimmicks .
See it with someone you enjoy arguing with .
-LSB- The Witch -RSB- convincingly makes us believe that such supernatural elements could be real , and that we are watching an account that feels terrifyingly of-the-moment .
The Witch plays mercilessly on our dread of what might be lurking in the shadows , rather than actually showing much onscreen-and is all the more effective because of it .
As in any good horror film , The Witch is ripe with allegorical possibilities .
The Witch wants to be jump-out-and-scare-ya scary in addition to being dreadful-scary , but it 's not .
There are more interesting ways to explore how afraid we are of girl sexuality and how god-fearing Christians can use their faith for destruction .
The Witch 's brief jolts of violence seem perfectly calibrated to knock us out of our seats : not by generating horror on the screen , but within our viscera .
`` The VVitch '' succeeds by delivering up encroaching menace with a mysterious disregard for audience expectations .
One of the reasons The Witch works as well as it does is because , despite its name , the movie is n't a horrific folktale about a paranormal being , but rather a look into the depravity of what humanity can become .
What 's refreshing , and frightening , about The Witch is that Eggers allows no modern consciousness -LRB- scarcely any comic relief either -RRB- to intrude upon the anguish .
The stakes are real . The Devil is real . All roads do not lead up the mountain . Some lead to the heart of darkness , to the depths of a witch-haunted wood .
This is n't the kind of movie most horror fans are going to flock to .
Set in Puritan era New England , The Witch is an atmospherically driven , religion-coated film that is , at times , both beautiful and terrifying .
The film is potently imagined and beautifully wrought -- although its hold loosens considerably when it strays from its eerie highpoints and into more conventional horror territory .
It 's startling to see a movie with such an appreciation and aesthetic understanding of this too-infrequently filmed era .
The Witch is a solid , compelling , thought-provoking movie .
A slow-burn pace helps ratchet up the dread , along with the work of cinematographer Jarin Blaschke , who casts the action in cold , gray , unforgiving light . And an exceptional cast makes it all resonate .
The film starts with wordy wittering and ends by trying to woo our shrieks -- from Arthur Miller to Dennis Wheatley in the shortest time possible between two blunt points .
For pure spooky atmosphere , The Witch is unmatchable right now .
Whatever your world views , simply watching the film should leave your soul intact ... mostly .
A masterpiece of atmospheric horror and a true example that fear can be generated without the need of jumpscares . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Right through the very end it 's an absolutely awe inspiring masterpiece steeped in everything from folklore , urban legends , and fairy tales .
A slow-burning , utterly immersive , claustrophobic , chilling little number .
You 'll want to watch The Witch again and again , finding new layers and possibilities each time .
I 'm fairly positive scares are not the point . Eggers takes things to a place that 's far more disconcerting , showing how human nature can be the most destructive of all forces .
Robert Egger 's directorial debut is a deeply unsettling experience that will leave a residual impression akin to a scar on the skin .
Robert Eggers ramps up the tension by setting his tale in a familiar-yet-foreign locale and using the natural terror of isolation to prompt chills and thrills from audiences .
An oppressive , claustrophobic and occasionally shocking feminist tale that 's just as much about a young girl coming of age in a fundamental Christian household as it is wicked , broomstick-riding evil lurking in the woods .
One of the most stimulating and rewarding films in either of is genres - horror and costume drama - that one could hope to find .
With very basic camera work , debutant director Robert Eggers manages to creep us out like no other . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Those looking for something different will be surprised , while some fans of the genre might be put off by this cinematic experience . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Though there is some real horror-movie imagery on hand , writer-director Robert Eggers also summons dread with small farmhouse touches : the thwack of an axe on wood , the eyes of a goat called Black Philip , the rustles of branches .
If you are n't a fan of Witchcraft based horror films , this is n't going to change your mind . At times confusing , creepy , and has brief spurts of over the top bloodletting . I left wondering , what did I just watch ?
The somber religious drama works just fine as a contemporary American indie curio , with excellent historical detail .
Cerebral horror where what you do n't know is what scares you the most . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As horror films go , the film is more slow burn than an edge-of-your-seat thriller , but it builds steadily to its dreadful and earned conclusion .
A great film that in concept , deal on how religious fanaticism can take you to the extreme opposite : paganism . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The type of horror in this film is a slow burn so it might not click with casual viewers , but lovers of the genre ca n't miss this film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The lack of answers and stifling cultural specificity are what give The Witch its gnawing power .
A different kind of horror film that avoids jump scares and special effects to scare you . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Perfectly produced and acted , The Witch is more a psychological thriller than other types of horror out there . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With great performances by Ralph Ineson and the young Anya Taylor-Joy , inmersive atmosphere , production desing and powerful music , this is an outstanding tale of black magic . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Enjoy The Witch for what it is : a refreshingly baroque respite from the jump-scares that typify today 's horror .
The Witch is a top quality film that will stay with you long after seeing it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A cinematic experience you ca n't miss . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A genre movie with this level of manufacture , so carefully detailed and atmospheric is a rare thing nowadays . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A really dark representation of the intolerance and hate that plagues modern society . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Astonishing and beautiful debut of american production designer Robert Eggers . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film with a powerful visual discourse , great atmosphere and in pro of sexual liberation . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A gut wrenching period family drama where faith plays an important role over jump scares and cheap thrills that have becomed common place in the genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Eggers has created an exceptional film whose universe not only is believable , but its reduced and well directed cast shines with great performances . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Be it a film against religious fanatism , a fable about female empowerment or a simple horror story , The Witch is extraordinary . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Proof that horror , when handled properly , is a genre with great richness and the capacity to make you reflect upon different subjects using fear as a conduit . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that generates tension masterfully and keeps you interested , yet unsettled . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A perfectly executed horror film that deals with primordial fears . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's dark and spooky and suggestive and at times genuinely terrifying , and it leaves you wondering just how much belief guides our perceptions .
A hellish ride that disturbs and captivates at the same time with all of its subtelties . The Witch is a gratifying and memorable experience . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This might be one of the most original horror films today . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that will disturb you , and if it does n't there is something wrong with you . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Witch is much more than a horror film , specially because it never goes for easy scares or cheap thrils that are common place in the more commercial aspect of the genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A valuable film due to it 's rich context , it 's vision of fundamentalism as something evil , an elegant cinematography work and an art direction that 's only as good as Kate Dickie and Harvey Scrimshaw 's performances . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Witch is a milestone for modern horror . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A magnificent work of horror . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Witch does an excellent job in establishing its 1630s New England setting , but when it comes to the film 's storyline , it 's never quite able to reach the compelling and disturbing heights that writer/director Robert Eggers strives for .
A powerful example of minimalist horror film-making at its best , where less is definitely more and mood proves itself infinitely more unsettling and unnerving than visual effects .
With no gimmicks and a lot of patience , this is one of the most disturbing films of the year . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Suggestive and disturbing horror , even more because of the lack of special effects or jump scares . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Director Robert Eggers has writen and directed one of the best debut films in recent movie history . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Witch does a lot of things very well , but - to these eyes -- it 's a bit off the classic that the clamour has claimed . You may feel very differently .
A film with haunting sensations that will make you sick , it shakes you on your core , primitive and raw horror . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The witch is an excellent period piece that evoques perfectly English romanticism on every shot and boasts great performances from every member of it 's cast . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Eggers explores the puritan faith of the 18th Century and the witch hunt to touch themes such as misogyny in Christianity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Eggers 's touch can sometimes feel stagey , but for the most part The Witch has a classical rigour that services its ominous build-up .
the effect -LSB- of The Witch -RSB- only works if it is immediately accepted that this is a film where Evil with a ` capital E ' resides .
Actors Ineson , Dickie and Anya Taylor-Joy exult in the archaic language , delivering powerful performances in this fairy tale of a family given a glimpse of the forces that lurk on the edge of the civilised world .
The visual elements are key to the film . What scares the spectator is everything that you ca n't hear or see . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that surrounds you with a general yet mostly indescribable sense of unease , less through its violence or blood than its mood and tension . And then it clobbers you .
At times it 's like The Shining directed by Cotton Mather .
Eggers keeps us enthralled with his film 's mix of folktale eeriness and period authenticity .
It 's anything but a sure thing for mainstream horror audiences , a ride best taken with expectations in check and a healthy taste for metaphor .
This is a super dark and depressing story . Though it is well acted , and it does have some emotional power , I would not recommend that anyone spend money to see this movie that tries to have its supernatural cake , and fake reality too .
A psychological horror film , even if it has some of the scariest scenes ever . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An intense supernatural thriller that is as anxiety-producing as it is geniunely unpredictable .
Austere and haunting , the film 's low-key twists and creepy imagery resonate afterward .
To make one of the most inventive and unnerving horror films in recent memory , writer-director Robert Eggers conducted extensive research into folktales from the witch-hunt era of 17th century New England .
Associating the movie with mysteries and thrillers , rather than horror , sounds more fitting for me to appreciate the beautiful picture that Robert Eggers is introducing .
The film uses the power of suggestion to deliver its chills . Disturbing , but not necessarily in-your-face scary , there is a lot to appreciate about The Witch - you just have to give it a chance .
While the film 's gnawing brand of terror may not be particularly immediate , its lingering effects are also far less easily dispelled .
I ca n't wait to see it again , but I 'm afraid to .
Feature debutant Eggers proves a master of mood more than story , though the success of the former overcomes the familiar nature of the latter .
Eggers ' aesthetic , suffused with artful dread and punctuated by a malevolent goat , runs deep , and its portrait of American hysteria manages to feel both historical and contemporary .
Original and moody , especially in its strong start , The Witch is a must-see for all fans of spooky , stylish , supernatural horror .
The Witch is a rare treat today : a horror movie that gripped me not because it is immediately gory but because of the ambiguous means in which it is told .
A slow and sinister exercise in ever-escalating dread , The Witch is quite unlike any other horror movie you have ever seen . Or felt .
There 's no doubt that this is one of the best horror movies in recent history and that 's a good thing for the genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Witch 's scares are plentiful ; it 's just that many of them come after , once you 're alone with your thoughts , and its disturbing images suddenly return to mind . The closing credits only cap the horror ; they do not end it .
As a curio , The Witch has its own fascination ; at least until the over-explicit finale shatters much of the mood that has been so carefully built up .
One of the best -LRB- and creepiest -RRB- movies of the year so far .
One of the best horror films I 've seen in years . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Witch suggests rather than shows and leaves much to audience interpretation . For a horror film , it is mostly psychological ; there are no jump moments and not much gore . It 's clever and atmospheric and creepy .
Aware that gender , as much as faith , remains a burning issue , Eggers makes our hearts swell and our brains sweat .
An atmospheric chiller rooted in the fertile soil of religious zealotry , social isolation and original sin .
It 's a horror movie less concerned with scares than with the idea of exploring the darkness of the individuals who inhabit its world . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
Visually and viscerally effective , intelligent and haunting
Robert Eggars ' directorial debut The Witch is so good it almost feels as if William Friedkin had decided to have a pop at Arthur Miller 's Crucible .
Wonderfully acted and featuring a deeply unsettling score , Eggers builds his story meticulously , presenting an eerie , slow-burning sense of dread that , eventually , gives way to a distressing finale .
Robert Eggers ' remarkable debut is deeply unsettling portrayal of paranoia , torment and repression in an isolated Puritan family .
The little-known cast of British actors succeeds in convincingly portraying these threatened pilgrims who , while seeking out a new and better life , find themselves in the middle of an inexplicable nightmare .
Anybody seeking torture porn or mindless jump shocks will be in for a disappointment , but Eggers 's slippery , intelligent film is not short of accumulating unease .
Spellbinding horror that drips with dread .
Do n't expect any jumpscares here or to leave the cinema particularly terrified . The Witch is a slow-burner of weirdness in the wilderness and unlike any recent horror film .
Perfectly riding a knife edge of ambiguity , what is religious hysteria and what could be real is a guessing game sustained until the memorable climax .
On the whole Eggers skilfully avoids too many classic horror-film tropes , as the family 's already fervent belief in hell is insidiously , traumatically , reinforced .
Like any outstanding horror film , its true impact only reveals itself once the credits have rolled and it stays buried under your skin , breaking through every now and then to remind you of its insidious power .
The problem is that the craft and artistry are just too laboured and foregrounded .
The best moments are early on .
A hugely assured debut , The Witch is a beautiful , bleak brainworm that will haunt you for days .
One of the scariest horror movies in years - and not the creep-up-and-prod-you kind of scary either , but a profound , unsettling dread that gnaws at your bones , and which comes back to find you in the dark .
Eggers ` New England Folktale ' exhumes the concept of the witch back from the primordial place we hid her ; and it 's as chilling as it is clever .
It 's a well played , pleasingly sinister film . Not outright scary for most of its runtime , and not perhaps what many fans of mainstream horror will be expecting , but it has the power to disturb .
The payoff will keep your mind racing , and your face hiding under the covers , for days .
Its hypnotic spell lingers .
Robert Eggers ' measured , meticulous debut builds into one of the most genuinely scary horror movies of recent years .
Magnificent .
Artful and beautifully crafted little gem ... while it 's creepy and atmospheric , it 's as far from a rollercoaster of jump-scares as it is from a barrel of laughs .
We leave it deeply unsettled , as if we 've time traveled back into our ancestors ' worst nightmares .
A movie that looks great , builds immense atmosphere and then allows it all to putter out well before we are even close to reaching any significant momentum .
The Witch is sparing in its use of special effects and generates suspense and foreboding through what is suggested rather than what is seen .
In the tradition of William Friedkin 's The Exorcist , this chilling low-budget horror movie taps into the same temporal fear that sparks religious feeling .
This story about a 17th-century Puritan family struggling to survive at the edge of the wilderness becomes a dark American origin story : a beautiful promise , corrupted by fear and hypocrisy . The fruit is rotten ; the milk bloody .
Not to worry , the satanic entity found herein is not of the head-spinning , pea soup-spewing variety ... Eggers is too smart to recycle a Central Casting Lucifer .
In this alternative history , the tension comes from the murky unknowns between true black magic and paranoia , because both are at play .
There 's a gut-wrenching sense of dread that saturates nearly every minute of director Robert Eggers ' feature debut .
It has a creeping darkness , leaving you with the sense that you 've taken a harrowing ride through hell and gotten some of it on you .
The Witch is an extraordinarily well-acted horror film .
Haunting `` Witch '' effective Art House horror .
Thoroughly in the 17th century , both in mood and content , The Witch is a compelling , frightening study in religious hysteria that is not without relevance to our own times .
It 's indie-horror as art-object , more than as suspenseful journey . Taken on those terms it is a major accomplishment .
The Witch is a film that asks audiences to slide into the past and imagine the everyday haunting of missing children , failed crops and dark evils .
Yikes !
a terrifying portrait of how evil operates in the world , both openly and covertly , to undermine our best intentions
The horror clichés could practically write themselves from that point , but Eggers himself resists temptation at nearly every turn .
Robert Eggers ' The Witch is a reminder that horror 's essence is patience that moviegoers are trained to not have .
It adheres to the orthodoxy of the genre with standard jump-scares that satisfy in the theater , although troublesome questions bubble up from the cauldron after you walk out .
`` The Witch '' feels at once sticky with tangible detail and numinous with suggestion .
The first must see movie of 2016 .
This production is absolute perfection in every regard , from its well researched screenplay and art direction to its great ensemble cast and unnerving score
If you 're looking for a movie that 's better than hex , lay down with `` The Witch . '' It 's guaranteed to bewitch , bother and bewilder .
this dour psychological thriller plumbs the depths of madness that human nature invites upon itself with a closed mind and a conviction of righteousness .
'' ... a consideration of evil without and evil within . ''
We fear such things because they 're unnatural , a perversion of everything we know to be true about the world . The Witch renders them even more horrifying by suggesting that they are natural - that witches and spirits have been here all along .
The Witch harbors several weighty themes , including the fear of the feminine mystique in a patriarchal society as well as the danger of placing too much faith in a puritanical belief without allowing other emotions an equal opportunity to breathe .
The imagery of The Witch plunges into territory many films would n't even have the balls to consider . This is a hellish journey that scares and captivates in a slickly subtle way that is both satisfying and memorable .
By pulling back the curtain and revealing the presence of the supernatural , The Witch ruins what could have been a stunning examination of the roots of why young women like Thomasin were accused of sorcery .
I would prefer seeing a failed attempt at something different than a regurgitation of every modern horror trope . Yet The Witch proves unable to capitalize on being different .
All of this Eggers frames with a subconscious knack for creating tension within each shot , rarely relying on jump scares or gore , instead mounting suspense through one masterful edit after another .
Taut , ripened with tension from start to finish , and anchored by a star-making performance from Anya Taylor-Joy , The Witch is a nightmarish exploration of female suppression and familial strife in pre-Colonial America .
The Witch is effectively unpleasant and creepy , but it works better as a psychological thriller than a horror film .
As if Ingmar Bergman and Ken Russell co-directed Kill List ... it 's a delightfully insane bit of 17th century devilish fun .
That may be part of what makes it so disturbing , even when Eggers does n't set out to shock you : He 's wrestling with something that we do n't fully understand , but that we know in our gut is real .
The Witch is so diabolically good that it sends genre expectations -- and appreciative members of the audience -- straight down the booby hatch .
The key to ` The Witch ' is that director Robert Eggers deals in dread , not scares . The audience is constantly watching in trepidation , not sure where the film will go next .
It could n't get any scarier , more satisfying or chilling .
Helped by along by a great cast , a haunting soundtrack and terrific attention to period detail , The Witch is an auspicious feature debut for writer-director Robert Eggers .
Its haunting effect comes from how Eggers uses this family as a vessel for serving up a fear that rests in the netherworld between reality and the unchained mind .
One of the more notable horror films of the last few years . The Witch holds you in its grasp with a chilling exploration of how evil chooses some people to be its victims and others to do its bidding .
The Witch is n't a horror film where the scares come from big spooky jolts , or from gore . No , The Witch is a horror film that creeps up on you , spreading its tendrils slowly across the landscape of your mind .
Makes no bones about how Christian fanaticism in early America sometimes ran off the rails and plunged straight into the devil 's playground .
This is the sort of horror film that I love , the kind that trades in cheap `` jump scene '' gotcha scares for psychological terror , unsettling mood and creepy atmosphere . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sex , Violence , Nudity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
The Witch is wrapped up in its own views of religion , of sin , of feminine power , but more than anything else , it is wrapped up in itself .
This exceptionally intelligent , atmospheric horror movie more closely recalls Ingmar Bergman than Wes Craven , as it 's centered around human foibles as well as dealing with a hint of the supernatural .
It has a pace and an atmosphere and a sense of seriousness as it drags you into its world of shadows and faith . I
The movie 's first-time director , Robert Eggers , blends authenticity with black magic , and the result is giddying .
`` The Witch '' is n't merely a throwback to a different time , but to a bygone cinematic age wherein the horror genre was not about jump scares but about a more lastingly shuddersome , thematically juicy potency .
A drama marketed as a horror movie , The Witch is sober , intelligent and not at all the kind of eerie creepshow its poster suggests .
This is like watching -- in the biblical sense -- a King James version of a horror movie . It 's getting critical raves but it made me want to go home and take a shower .
One of the early contenders for the best film of 2016 .
Not especially horrifying , but a masterful exercise in godforsaken atmosphere .
The film comes on the wave of enthusiastic reviews from last year 's Sundance , and that should be the giveaway . What plays well there does n't always work elsewhere .
A feature debut of startling confidence , Robert Eggers 's The Witch is not only an excellent horror film , but also a captivating study in extreme paranoia and the fragile bonds of family .
The Witch '' is n't typical gorehound material ; it has an art film prestige and a commitment to period authenticity .
The Witch is a stressful movie to watch , and that 's meant as the highest praise .
Eggers has made a well-crafted , moody film , one perhaps more horrifying than actually scary ...
`` The Witch , '' as unnerving as it is , does n't know when to quit , with the final five minutes of the movie almost torpedoing the entire film .
` The Witch ' holds your attention as -LRB- Robert -RRB- Eggers , in his -LRB- directorial -RRB- debut , creates a stifling atmosphere of tension , anticipation and jolts . You wait for the other shoe to drop as occurrences slowly grow more and more unsettling .
An assortment of nasty images -- both real and imagined -- dance through the minds of these tortured family members , albeit slowly and , honestly , more menacingly than downright frightening .
The first great film of 2016 is a horror flick with Puritans , possessed kids , naked forest women and a haunting goat named Black Phillip .
An unsettling journey back to a time when Satan seemed much closer to our world .
It is n't engineered for hopped-up date-night scares , but its blanket of moonlit dread is certainly form-fitting ...
Like any truly successful horror film , `` The Witch '' operates on various levels at once and is open to interpretation .
From the very opening scene in The Witch , we are immediately thrown into an ominous journey that conveys pending doom .
Shocking , eerie , doom-laden , and discomforting , it 's a horror movie that truly gets under your skin .
A film of deliberate pacing , painterly beauty and cold brutality , freshman director Robert Eggers ' The Witch is a strange beast : a combination horror film and period piece that functions at the highest tier of both genres .
I respect the film , but despite Eggers ' best efforts , I had to fight off boredom at several points .
The Witch is a beautifully photographed film for a psychological terror trip , with an ominous score that 's the soundtrack of terror and performances that prove bewitching .
The spooky stuff , of course , makes the journey all the sweeter , delivering what is , if not a terrifying experience , one that is at least thoroughly unnerving .
In a uniquely twisted way , The Witch is a condemnation of religious fanaticism , as well as the stubbornness of ideas and ideals that comes with it .
With a gentle rap-rapping , Mr. Eggers intensifies the shivers with art-film moves , genre shocks and an excellent cast that includes a progressively rowdy menagerie .
The Witch is an expertly crafted look into madness , religion and why you probably should n't take a stroll in the woods .
What appears to be a moody and earnest attempt at genuine horror transforms into a drab downer . A drama turned parable turned confused exploitation flick .
The Witch immediately joins the pantheon of great horror movies , with the caveat that it 's just barely a horror movie at all .
This phenomenal debut feature by Robert Eggers has a singular style and tone , and its horror flows from the deepest wellsprings of human nature .
Eggers doles out the horror sparingly and eerily : an image of blood in a milk pail , a moving shape in the shadow of a barn . The movie uses lamplight and hearth light to conceal as much as they reveal .
It 's a creepy little gem , and its imagery will stay with you long after you 've left the theater .
A hypnotic and psychologically engrossing picture .
Building his film on the diabolical aftershocks of Puritan repression , Eggers raises The Witch far above the horror herd . He does n't need cheap tricks . Eggers merely directs us to look inside . Be warned : It 'll scare the hell out of you .
A study in paranoia that creates a deepening mood of unease and dread ... -LSB- and -RSB- despite a few stumbles -LRB- most notably a miscalculated final scene -RRB- is genuinely creepy .
A near-masterpiece of creeping dread and hallucinatory imagery .
Lots of horror flicks traffic in mere demonic trappings and symbols and Latin phrases . The Witch , however , truly feels like it was touched by a diabolical hand .
The decision to raid primary sources was wise : it 's hard to imagine a modern artist crafting a world of such dismal theological clarity and sincerity .
What makes The Witch more than a mere museum reclamation project is Taylor-Joy .
It 's a movie that makes you believe the presence of pure evil is n't just possible -- it 's downright likely .
Like the Puritans themselves , the movie shuns drama . It has too much moral virtue for jump scares .
This bravura first feature by writer/director Robert Eggers leaves the viewer shaken and wondering , `` What just happened ? ''
With incredible attention to detail and an unwavering commitment to the world he has created , Eggers slowly , surely builds tension until it 's almost unbearable . And that 's delightful , if you 're a horror fan . It 's a terrific film .
For fans of horror at its most sinister , `` The Witch '' is not to be missed . It casts a spell that lingers long after its most disquieting mists have cleared .
Not since Stanley Kubrick 's The Shining -- a key inspiration for Eggers -- has a motion picture been pumped with so much ominous dread .
The film works as a grim historical document , but it might also be a metaphor for our own society : Instead of banding together to solve problems and protect each other , we disintegrate into unfounded accusations and blame-passing .
Minimalist , slow to burn and utterly confident in its style and tone , Robert Eggers ' Colonial New England fairy tale earns its chills the old fashioned way , through timing , atmosphere and skill .
For once in a modern horror film , the tactics and developments are simple yet surprising , and the filmmaking captures its chosen time , place and dark corners beautifully .
One often enters the theater hoping to discover an innovative talent who could be `` one to watch '' or `` the next big thing . '' Wait no longer , Eggers has arrived .
-LSB- Eggers -RSB- proves to be an original and accomplished storyteller with much more to offer than cheap shocks .
As a horror movie ... the film 's only flaw may be that that 's how it reductively sees itself - as just a horror movie .
Robert Eggers ' uncompromising directorial debut is a bracingly new experience that boils with the primordial fever of America 's original sins .
`` The Witch '' draws you in so well that you wo n't realize its creators have been broadcasting exactly where they 're taking you .
There are moments that will pop into your brain later and send a chill down your spine . And not just as a reminder that running naked through the woods is probably not the smartest .
The Witch is a fine achievement in folk horror . The authenticity of dialogue , design and dress adds a rich layer to a genuinely disturbing tale that 's sure to get under the skin for days .
It 's clear that this beautifully made film wants to root its horror in the less-is-more approach . But in this case , less is often just less .
As straight horror , The Witch is something special , transporting audiences to a bygone era that would look plenty frightening even without the paranormal activity that engulfs it .
Eggers ' depiction of the family 's psychological decay and his relentless piling up of deeply disturbing imagery make `` The Witch '' an unnerving and fresh-feeling horror masterwork .
With impeccable craft but flaccid storytelling , `` The Witch '' feels like a missed opportunity .
The Witch is a smartly shot , well-acted , atmospheric fright flick that aims to shed light on humanity 's dark history of religious persecution and paranoia . There 's just way too much talking goin ' on , is all .
By the final enigmatic scene , a sustained state of magic terror has been achieved that more than justifies the acres of hype .
Impressive , immersive , unsettling , and deeply unpleasant , a seriously scary film that painstakingly put me in a world I did n't like being in very much .
A shiver machine that runs cool and low with spiritual trepidation and darkly sexual undercurrents .
A perfectly calibrated -LRB- and generally perfect -RRB- feature debut from a director who got exactly what he wanted
For anyone seeking an intelligent , atmospheric American horror story reminiscent of Edgar Allan Poe , Hawthorne and the Brothers Grimm , `` The Witch '' is the kind of pure movie magic that sends chills up the spine .
There 's not much of a coherent plot that 's been summoned up to go along with those impressive visuals .
Is n't afraid to go to some dicey emotional and sexual places in its pursuit of its theme , and it has the sense to let some things remain unexplained because they are scarier that way .
Atmospheric roundhouse-punch horror ... This wilderness seethes , Malick with malice ... The atmosphere bristles : this is The Revenant with stakes , higher stakes than the accursed soul of a single man seeking vengeance .
A remarkable achievement in horror cinema , and a must-see for any film fan .
What makes this chillingly creepy little black-magic folk tale work so beautifully is its evocative sense of time and place ... Well , that and composer Mark Korven 's unsettling soundtrack full of screechy , dissonant strings .
To my taste , the movie finally feels rather one-dimensional , basic . But there 's no disputing its awful power - it gets under your skin ...
The Witch has been made with extreme care , and part of what makes its supernatural elements so terrifying is that Eggers is also in tune with the more ordinary challenges of just being human ...
All the dour zealotry is enlivened by horror elements that edge The Witch toward a welcome pulpiness - and greater honesty about what hokum the film actually is .
Period perfect , and deeply disturbing .
Incredible feat for first time Director , Robert Eggers . `` The Witch '' is a chilling , original and authentic story of a New England family torn apart by fear and religious convictions in the midst of a witch in the nearby woods .
The reworking of a tired horror trope into a transformed feminist symbol stands out as an impressive act of genre revisionism .
Eerie and sinister , operating on a more psychologically incisive level than the typical horror flick ... until it tosses it all with a cop-out of an ending .
A survival saga reminiscent of the The Revenant , except with demonic forces added to the frontier endurance test .
The Witch is a slow , creepy burn that pays off spectacularly in crazy Satanic awesomeness that 's just understated enough to be elegantly chilling .
Much like the lives of those during this time period , the film is slow-paced , but not problematic . It 's deliberate , but exciting .
Drawn , per a disclaimer , from period accounts of strange phenomena and psychotic breaks among settlers , Eggers 's impeccably crafted , historically accurate creepshow wears its deep-dive research on its tattered gingham sleeves .
It 's hard to describe how spectacularly creepy and perverse it all feels in the last half hour .
Running concurrently at all times with the black magic and shady goats is an affecting moral drama regarding the devastating roots that seep from seeds of distrust .
Beautifully made , bone-chilling horror .
The Witch is expertly directed with a hysterical score , beautiful production design and wicked performances from its central cast .
This is Robert Eggers ' first feature and it 's a knockout in terms of visual flair and dread-filled potency .
One of the most captivating and thought-provoking horror films in years .
Despite filtering the horrors of a bygone era through an arcane narrative vehicle , The Witch still manages to scare us with its immediacy .
The Witch has the distinction of a well-made film that is exactly what it wants to be , but is also too intense to recommend in good conscience .
The Witch makes exceptional use of its Puritanical setting to build riveting , slow-burn terror .
The Witch is bargain basement Terence Malick crossed with a Roman Polanski wannabe and dollops of half-baked Bergman , but worse yet , is not unlike lower-drawer M. Night Shyamalan .
The Witch is a brooding colonial nightmare , marking quite a splash for first-time director Robert Eggers .
Make no mistake , The Witch is a horror film , but it 's as interested in the terrors we bring upon ourselves as it is the ones well out of our natural control .
A low budget film that stays away from fact and explores myth and superstition around witchcraft , in a time and place between reality and imagination . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Witch is worth watching . Just do n't get too wrapped up in the hysteria that surrounds it . As the film itself so admirably demonstrates , unquestioned passion and devotion does n't tend to end particularly well .
Incredibly unsettling . Art-house horror at its finest .
Set among a family of Puritan exiles in the wilderness of unmolested New England as strange and ominous forces beset them , the film often looks more like historical realism than horror .
An absolutely disastrous cinematic experiment ...
Ralph Ineson and Kate Dickie are painfully believable as a God-fearing couple desperately trying to rationalize the inexplicable , and Anya Taylor-Joy is simply stunning as their terrified , all-too-innocent eldest daughter .
Even as the events carry a tinge of absurdity , Eggers ' sure technique ensures a thick current of dread runs throughout .
Above all else , The Witch benefits from the credibility of its performances .
Mark Korven 's score , Jarin Blaschke 's photography , Craig Lathrop 's production design ... all of it serves this disturbing vision , and I am haunted by the way the film builds to a conclusion that can be read many different ways .
-LSB- Eggers utilizes -RSB- large swaths of the dialogue from existing writings of the time period , a device as effective as the flickering candlelight that barely illuminates the walls of their ramshackle house .
The pioneer farmer occult horror movie of Sundance . Yeah , it 's not for me .
Eggers draws fully on the iconography of the period , the muted greys and greens of the landscape captured by cinematographer Jarin Blaschke broken only by repeated flashes of cardinal red , bringing with it the suggestion of cardinal sin .
An evocative look at the nature of evil and the inescapability of malevolence , `` The Witch '' will dazzle and shake you right to your core .
The film 's thematic shortcomings ultimately do n't matter too much : When you 're too busy being enraptured by The Witch 's dark elegance , nitpicking does n't really enter into the equation .
The Witch remains a frightening look at what happens when one 's unshakable faith collides with a frightening reality .
This movie may be too slow and verbose to be the next breakout horror hit , but its focus on themes over plot is what elevates it to something near greatness .
Eggers creates a special feel and ambiance in his first feature after a couple of shorts .
Writer-director Robert Eggers makes an impressive feature debut with this gripping historical horror-thriller .
Writer-director Robert Eggers is said to be detail-obsessed , and it shows .

@highlight

As thought-provoking as it is visually compelling , The Witch delivers a deeply unsettling exercise in slow-building horror that suggests great things for debuting writer-director Robert Eggers .