The Descent is already unusual for being a horror movie with an all-female cast , but it 's even more unique for being the kind of movie that explores the damage caused by a friend 's betrayal .
Here is a movie so precise and cautious with its material that every moment , every suggestion or action , becomes an experience that involves us to alarming lengths .
Super-scary and vicious , both psychologically and physically , this cleverly produced chill-ride is edgy British horror at its very best .
Tense , gory and masterfully malevolent .
Although Neil Marshall 's attempt to justify the U.S. ending is admirable , the original ending is the only way out - providing a chilling bookend to a motif and suggesting what seems like cerulean-tinged peace is actually the solitary solace of madness .
Director Marshall has obviously kept his DVD player spinning for days studying all of the classics and simply taking everything he needed like a Vanilla Ice `` Under Pressure ''
Blank screamers , fastidiously amplified `` boos , '' and the most confused intimations of lesbianism since High Tension
The ensuing carnage is ample but not gratuitous ; every arterial spray and bone crack makes a point .
Marshall could very well be the Caravaggio of the B-movie .
It 's nasty , unpleasant and sadistic but brutally efficient and undeniably effective .
-LSB- Writer-director Neil -RSB- Marshall makes real movies , not just schlockfests designed to sate the lusts of gore-lovers -LRB- although there is plenty of gore , too -RRB- .
Where the film exceeds ` Dog Soldiers ' is toward the end , as Sarah comes to grips with what it will take to survive her ordeal and gets in touch with her feral side .
Six sexy spelunkers in an underground fright fest make for keen and claustrophobic cinema .
There are inconsistencies and frustrating ambiguities , but this is another reliable , vigorous horror experience for genre fans .
This intermittently effective UK horror thriller carefully establishes the psychological relationships among the women , then squanders this calibrated and generally plausible setup with a series of crude , implausible , and scattershot horror effects .
The Cave done right .
Once it gets going , it shakes you and keeps shaking you .
The Descent may not be a classic , but it 's likely to remain with you for a while .
It is to the film-maker 's credit that these scenes are filled with real tension and edge-of-your-seat moments .
I would recommend seeing The Descent in the daytime , because the feeling of the sun on your flesh as you walk out of the theater will cheer you up in ways that you had heretofore never imagined . Seriously .
Offered powerful enough performances to keep me engaged throughout .
With beautiful direction , a plausible plot , effective but downplayed creature effects , and top notch acting , The Descent takes a tired concept and actually adds a sense of distinction .
This is an accessible art house horror film .
A nifty little horror item .
The violence of `` The Descent '' is brutal , but the smart psychology and multilayered screenplay provide the true satisfaction .
Benefiting from well-concealed reveals , shocking developments , truly unnerving antagonists , taut editing and a hair-raising score , this neverending nightmare is easily the best horror flick of 2006 .
Swing on the spirals , down into the darkness . The Descent will leave you exhausted and screaming for more .
Let 's just call it a chick flick for people who like a high body count .
The film draws on some of horror 's most memorable scenarios .
The Descent is a gut-wrenching thrill ride and one of the spookiest times you 'll ever have in the dark
Parents would be best to protect their children from the consequent psychological trauma of letting them see this .
In `` The Descent , '' look beyond the stalagmites . Leaping amid them and eager for fresh meat are an amphibious race of blood-sucking beasts who appear to have been poached beyond the boiling point .
Marshall 's female characters are strong and tough and they face their fears , if not always courageously , then at least tenaciously ...
It 's an intense , jolting , gasp-inducing ride , with fleshed-out characters and creepy monsters . This is no Cave .
You will feel like you have descended to the pits of hell .
This is the kind of mindless comedy that works best in the summer , where you come in from the heat and just want to sit back and laugh .
The excellent all-girl spelunking claustrophobic horror flick is arguably the first truly scary film in the genre since the greats of the 1980 's .
Some of the best horror work in years .
I dare say that it 's in the running with The Hills Have Eyes as top horror flick of the year .
It 's brutal , bloody and brilliantly entertaining .
Writer-director Neil Marshall has ... a gift for psychological subtext that infuses the narrative with a nasty , poisonous moral venom .
I rather resented the way in which it managed to scare the heebie-jeebies out of me ...
` The Descent ' is a crafty little horror movie . It 's scary . It 's gory . And it 's even smart in places .
The Descent is the genuine article , a bloody good creep fest ...
See this movie , it 's terrific with high tension all the way through . Just do n't go spelunking .
The most interesting thing is the manner in which old individual grudges , rancor and guilt warp the women 's collective survival efforts . There is no gung-ho collective .
It is no masterpiece , but it is very well crafted , with some effective `` gotcha '' moments .
Because you sort of see this something too -LRB- and most importantly , because you know the horror movie drill -RRB- , you tend to believe her when her friends do n't .
In a genre where misogyny runs as a matter of course , ` The Descent ' is a true rarity : a feminist horror film . It 's Ida Lupino kicking Brian De Palma right in the junk .
... whatever qualities have made horror fans embrace The Descent are lost on me .
The Descent is so expertly made that it more than holds its own as a full-throttle horror flick , yet it 's Marshall 's decision to provide it with a psychological bent that puts it firmly over the top .
As The Descent draws to its close , or rather shreiks to a halt , you may well admire how many thematic reads the movie has kept in play .
Marshall may not have made the deep-dish horror flick he perhaps thought he was , but he has managed to pull off a splattery last act that 's all anyone could hope for .
Marshall guides his game cast through their paces and it 's refreshing to see a group of women as heroines
For my money , -LRB- The Descent -RRB- is one of the most overrated and poorly realized spook shows in a very long time .
An exercise in pure craftsmanship , this is one lean , mean , blood-curdling thriller -- maybe the best of its scrappy breed since The Blair Witch Project .
At its most powerful -LRB- and evil -RRB- , it lets viewers feel like they 're being buried alive .
No one really ENJOYS nausea . But for those of you who brag that a horror movie is `` so scary that it made me sick , '' here is `` The Descent , '' a grownups-only gorefest that is bound to have you cringing and jumping out of your seat at least once .
A mindless , tense fright-fest
Often-terrifying , often-brilliant .
-LSB- A -RSB- superior brand of monster movie , and Marshall 's claustrophobic caves are worth catching in a dark movie theater rather than on DVD .
This film , unlike Hostel or Saw , has a gross-out factor that 's actually fun .
In America , the only reason six girlfriends would enter a cave would be to find reliable day care .
Unsettling and claustrophobic , as the lost women squirm through the damp tunnels of the virgin cave in re-enacted birth traumas punctuated by Sarah 's visions of her dead daughter .
And I thought it was men who never ask for directions .
Symbolizes a return to horror-movie basics .
A clever blend of psychological thrills and stalked-by-monster terror is what makes writer-director Neil Marshall 's sophomore effort a cut above most horror films .
On the surface , the film is competent ... but where The Descent triumphs are in the little details .
a gripping journey into madness
-LRB- For fans -RRB- who prefer their scary films well rooted in the believable before adding a fantastic element or two , -LRB- this -RRB- is exactly the horror film you 've been waiting for .
Few films parlay their assets so well ... or reap such frightfully powerful rewards .
The Descent is probably best seen at a midnight screening with a gaggle of like-minded horror junkies . The screams -LRB- and there will be screams -RRB- will be much louder then .
... The Descent may not be everything you 've heard , but man , it 's also a lot of things you have n't .
Can audiences weaned on the murky sadism of the Saw movies and the Hills Have Eyes remake even recognize what a truly scary movie looks and feels like ?
Expertly written and directed , this outing is definitely not for the squeamish . So guys , be sure you take your girlfriend to hang on to !
... this one is not only exceedingly well done , it is guaranteed to put you through the ringer .
THE DESCENT is a genuinely suspenseful adventure and horror film . The scariest monster is the cave itself .
Superbuff bodecious bimboes battle subertanian uberfiends ! Cool !
The Descent sustains a level of intensity that most horror films can barely muster for five minutes .
This is the kind of horror movie horror fans mention when they try to explain why they love horror movies .
It 's never a good idea for B movies to try to evoke feeling for their monster fodder characters . It 's enough if you just do n't hate the people ... The actors are most convincing when they 're just screaming .
This journey down and inwards , piercing Mother Earth but metaphorically `` a descent into madness '' and psyche , is not personally involving or convincing .
Technical details and weak characters fail to derail the latest frontrunner in blood soaked underground horror .
Becomes so enthralling and intense that perspective viewers should n't be surprised if they forget to breathe for minutes at a time .
Marshall aims simply to scare the bejesus out of audiences with scenes of shocking brutality and mayhem that linger long after the credits roll .
By far , the first half is the most effective as the outing goes from bad to disastrous : Sarah -LSB- Shauna Macdonald -RSB- gets trapped in a tunnel -LRB- `` Just keep breathing ! '' -RRB- , and the rest are lost - this film is not for the claustrophobic .
Grabs at the jugular and does n't let go until the last gory frame .
A lean , mean genre exercise for those who prefer their horror full-blooded .
The Descent only works marginally better than last August 's similar creature feature , The Cave .
Refreshing .
For my money , -LSB- the -RSB- first 20 or so minutes are the best in the film . Once the real adventure gets underway in the cave , things get less interesting .
While the movie has wonderful moments of unmotivated tension that make sure we 're quite ill at ease from the beginning , it 's also got a few too many of the kind of cheap boo-scares that indicate a director not fully trusting his grip on you .
Neil Marshall , who wrote and directed The Descent , is an expert at the slow build that gradually earns our trust and then rewards it by scaring the pants off us .
... taps into the heightened hysteria that made The Blair Witch Project so unnerving .
... a virtuoso piece of filmmaking .
Tight shots of women desperately wriggling through worm holes or teetering on a ledge overlooking an abyss create a claustrophobic effect , one that leaves the characters gasping for air and the audience breathing shallower .
Do we even need men in horror films any more ? They 're bound to do something stupid , they almost always get killed in the end and do n't look as good covered in sweat and blood .
Not since James Cameron burst onto the scene with The Terminator has a director crafted as deliriously kinetic a calling card as writer/director Neil Marshall does with his new horrific subterranean adventure The Descent .
Prepare to be scared senseless , and then , when you think you have it figured , your certainty will be shaken by scenes built to scare you even more .
The Descent marks the arrival of a major horror talent . And it is , quite simply , one of the best monster movies in years .
This grueling trapped-in-a-cave-with-boogey-men movie is a solid thriller , and a terrific horror experience .
Though `` shock scares '' usually feel kind of cheap , The Descent uses them as punctuation marks to enhance the larger sense of dread .
Six weekend warriors on a caving excursion find themselves fighting for their lives in Neil Marshall 's harrowing follow-up to his lean , larky werewolf picture Dog Soldiers -LRB- 2002 -RRB- .
Every theater should come with a sign : Your expectations must be this low to ride .
Working on terrific sets with imaginative lighting effects and cinematography , Marshall creates a palpable sense of claustrophobia and danger well before murderous cave dwellers make their appearance quite a ways into the movie .
This is one of the scariest movies featuring female heroines since the Alien series .
In a genre perceived as exploiting women , The Descent empowers them in the sense that their gender has nothing to do with their plight .
The movie is also spooky and atmospheric , has at least three great jolts and an equal number of memorable gross-outs , including what has to be the goriest and most protracted eye-gouging of the year .
One of the more disturbing B-movies to come around in a very long time .
The movie devolves into a conventional man-versus-nature pursuit , further marred by performances just this side of a high-toned porno and the frequently irrational behavior of its characters .
It 's weirdly fitting that a movie about going down into the inky depths to face monsters both physical and psychological has actually raised the horror genre to a bright new height .
The Descent seems less about female empowerment than female misery . One wonders if Marshall has issues . No males suffer here , just women who , even if they survive , wo n't ever be the same again .
The film redeems itself through the denouement , building on that initial psychological foundation to hint disturbingly at a metaphoric struggle with interior demons .
If you saw last year 's Cole Hauser flick The Cave , then imagine it not sucking or skimping , and you 've got it .
The Descent is a sharp hammer to the head and a claw to the gut , a blood-drenched creep show that wants to eat you alive . Beware , and bon appetit .
The film has some genuine jolts , and its vivid , scary atmosphere is what sustains the characters when the plot becomes predictable in the final third .
The Descent was better when the women were battling nature and their own demons rather than monsters capable of crawling across ceilings .
Finally , a scary movie with teeth , not just blood and entrails -- a savage and gripping piece of work that jangles your nerves without leaving your brain hanging .
The Descent may be superior to other recent horror movies but it 's all still just surface thrills .
A cult classic is born .
Sorry , George Lucas , but CGI creatures usually look pretty fake ; the crawlers , however , are quite realistic and creepy , especially as they skitter over the walls and roofs of the caves .
It will be hard to find a better horror film this year .
It may sound bizarre to say that a film about women under threat of vicious , violent death is a triumph of feminism , but there we are ...
Unlike the cave in the movie , the plot is certainly not uncharted , and mere technique ca n't overcome weakness in acting and effects .
It 's just what you want in a horror film -- steadily building suspense , a smart script , actual fear , claustrophobia , tons of gore and brutality , and an ending that does n't feel like cheating .
You genuinely care about the six women who enter a cave in the Appalachian mountains , only to discover it crawling with flesh-eating predators who have adapted to life in the dark .
An object lesson in making a tightly-budgeted , no-star horror pic work through razor-sharp technique and committed performances alone .
It 's a film stripped to bloody basics , a ferocious and taut exercise in action horror that recalls early James Cameron , with more gore and less sentimentality .
The babes are buff and the scares bountiful in Neil Marshall 's full-throttle horror freakout about six women on a caving expedition .
It plays every emotional key of fright and despair with the skill of a concertmaster at a cathedral organ .
-LSB- Marshall -RSB- expertly maps out those raw nerve endings while creating credible characters who speak and act like real people rather than the usual horror archetypes .
Taut direction and convincing performances impart a terrifying sense of claustrophobia and isolation .
-LSB- Marshall -RSB- does have a nice taste for horror imagery : The first glimpse of one of the creatures , as debased and revolting and craven as a living thing could be , will stay with you a long time .
One Aliens reference in this film had me welling up : A blood-soaked Sarah raises her torch , Sigourney Weaver-like , and lets out a banshee war cry .
The Descent is simply a shock - 'em , shake - 'em genre piece with scare scenes that , however effective , suggest cheap-shop versions of a lot we 've seen before .
The movie 's thrill-and-chill sequences are nasty and suspenseful , though once the creatures start to attack , the scenes get repetitive .
The Descent is n't perfect , or even entirely original ... But it 's a lot better , and fresher , than it would be if -LRB- or , gulp , when -RRB- Hollywood chews it up and spits it out again .
The Descent does n't need to exist : a script that goes beyond outlandish . Actors who 'd flunk out of Make Believe 101 . Blind creatures that see things . Did we mention continuity ?
Marshall understands that sometimes there 's nothing quite as oddly exhilarating as the bleakest , no-way-out kind of horror .
Aside from its high concept -- instead of Snakes on a Plane , it 's Chicks in a Cave -LRB- with monsters ! -RRB- -- place-setting is almost all Marshall does .
A number of narrative twists keep you guessing and , while the pace stays strong and steady , building the gory mayhem to a bloody crescendo .
Made with a connoisseur 's love of muck , blood , inky darkness , and equal parts elegance and ewwww , The Descent raises the level of the post-Blair Witch , post-Open Water horror game .
Hugely claustrophobic and skin-crawlingly intense ... and then the flesh-eating monsters come out . Hyperbole be danged : This is the best , purest horror film in years .
Relentlessly intense from first frame to last , this is a movie for viewers who felt that Tarantino 's Kill Bill needed more blood and that the torture scenes in Hostel were too toned down .
Not since John Sayles and Joe Dante unleashed Piranha and The Howling on Hollywood 's New Morning have two features torn open the horror movie with the cut-rate ferocity and gleeful disreputability of -LSB- Neil -RSB- Marshall 's Dog Soldiers and The Descent .
The Descent is horror in its most evolved state , descending the viewer into the darkest pits of terror .
One of the scariest horror movies of the past 20 years . Would do Wes Craven , George A. Romero and James Whale proud .
For horror fans and those who love things that go bump in the night , this is one not to miss .
This may have an all-female cast but the visually stunning blood-and-gore horror tale is anything but a chick-flick .
`` The Descent '' succeeds thoroughly as a horror film , based on the filmmakers ' diligent attention to fundamental genre elements .
A harrowing , brutal piece of work -- my hand was over my mouth for the last 30 minutes , lest I scream like a little girl on fire . Not to be missed .
Descent is everything The Cave was n't : edge-of-your-seat terrifying , atmospheric , and frightfully inventive .
One of the most physically demanding and dramatically rewarding examples of the genre since Saw .
Essentially a more grave , and less unintentionally hilarious , version of The Cave .
The Descent pulls you down into a dark nightmare and does n't let you come up for air until the end-credits roll .
Neil Marshall 's creepfest may see more feminist deconstruction than the original Alien , contemplation the film 's unthinkingly slick surface invites but does n't merit .
The Descent is very simply the scariest film I 've seen in years .
The most effective cinematic chiller since `` Alien '' . * * * *
-LSB- W -RSB- ill inspire boys and girls who like the genre even though it could be read as a tale about the battle between the sexes .
Bring a change of pants , because this one 's a soiler .
... genuinely frightening ...
Packed with slick surprises , jarring jolts , gruesome gore , and unbearable tension , The Descent is one of the best horror films of the past several years .
Incrivelmente eficaz , este suspense mantém um clima de tensão e claustrofobia constante e ainda tem o mérito de investir em um elenco exclusivamente feminino .
This dark labyrinth of trauma , treachery and troglodytes sets terrifying traps for the mind .
Far too gory for any but the very strongest of stomachs , this is nonetheless intelligent and well constructed horror fare .
Marshall has a definite eye for the memorably nasty image - several of the shots here are liable to stay with you long after you 've forgotten the rest of the film .
The plot of The Descent is simple but extremely effective .
Brutal , bloody , terrifying , astonishing .
Incredibly , Marshall is now being talked of as the great white hope of British horror . Now that is scary .
Thanks to its skilful director , well-cast actors and talented technical team , this fiercely entertaining British horror movie has blood , guts and brains .
A grisly and gripping horror movie .
Marshall is clearly having fun here , and he effectively assembles all of the elements to gross us out and scare us half to death .


@highlight

Deft direction and strong performances from its all-female cast guide The Descent , a riveting , claustrophobic horror film .