`` The Informant ! '' plays out like an interesting dance between filmmaker and star , each knowing when to break out and shine , and when to slip into the background .
Although not a blockbuster , The Informant is an interesting , diverting film .
What The Informant ! knows is that `` crook '' is just a word . In capitalist society , it can be applied to everyone .
With -LSB- Matt -RSB- Damon , they share something more exciting than looks : a slow-burning intelligence that leaves us feeling both unsettled and seduced .
Like Soderbergh 's Ocean 's 11 series , The Informant ! is a funny movie with no jokes .
Entertaining , and , yes , dark at times , The Informant ! serves an interesting story about a very complex man .
The Informant ! is an inspired social satire , a near-perfect single-carat diamond in an age of mindless movie bling . It 's a small movie , but not in any sense minor .
As the story becomes more about the various undercover ops and the contradictory workings of Whitacre 's hateful-lovable mind , The Informant ! has an undeniable crackle .
After a parodic run-up , the film betrays a certain respect for this odd little creation .
Soderbergh 's projects anymore are odd little thought puzzles he gives himself , puzzles he knows ca n't be solved but ca n't help trying , regardless .
Drills away into the dark humor of a white-collar tattletale , his ever-widening web of deceit and a scrambled criminal mind with a couple of screws loose .
In the end , it seems as though it 's better to aim for searing moments and whiff on greatness than to shoot for the middle and hit it .
More funny-weird than funny-ha-ha . But still funny .
The Informant ! is Soderbergh having fun , and it 's a hoot to watch . With an Oscar caliber performance from Damon and a story so unique if it was n't true you would n't believe , it 's the first really good film of the fall .
A first class examination of corporate greed , the fluidity of reality , and man 's constant need to portray himself as the hero .
The Soderbergh-Damon team has been honed and crafted into a viable investment
Soderbergh has decided to splurge on some big budget luxuries such as ` trained actors ' and ` lighting ' in his latest film -LRB- elements that have been missing from his more experimental works -RRB- .
Soderbergh channels the inspired lunacy of his early absurdist comedy Schizopolis through the skillful populist storytelling of Ocean 's 11 .
If you arrive at the cinema looking forward to a frivolous , expertly produced , and very funny movie with a few cracking performances , then I think you might just be in luck .
Matt Damon saves the show with a perfectly unhinged portrait of the main character .
Soderbergh and Burns deftly present the puzzling information in a clear and highly entertaining manner , but for all of their hard , workmanlike efforts , the film is Damon 's through and through .
Whitacre marks a very interesting reflection point in Matt Damon 's career as it eerily evokes a controversial character he portrayed ten years ago , and probably the last time he was so deserved of awards consideration for a lead role .
The whole truth and mostly just the truth
A showcase for Matt Damon 's talents , but a dramatically confused film .
A smart movie about being dumb . Very funny and well-acted . Enjoyed from start to finish ! Paul Chambers , CNN .
Visual and narrative punchlines strike flawlessly like the absurdist humor of a Bugs Bunny cartoon ...
... nothing less than a colossal misfire ...
The Informant ! 's capacity to acknowledge both the malign and the good natured sides of this tragic individual makes it an absorbing tale .
Somewhere between the true story it is based on , and the gimmicks and gags brought to the tale by Damon and Sodeburgh The Informant ! somehow falls between the cracks to result in only an ok movie .
Director Steven Soderbergh is desperate to make us laugh , but can only make Matt Damon podgy and bland in this underwhelming and unfunny tale of deception and whistleblowers in the food industry .
It 's like being told lies for an hour and a half . And I 'm just not into that .
A very smooth , very dry and hugely enjoyable movie .
You never know where you stand with Steven Soderbergh , but you can not accuse him of resting on his laurels -- or making the same film twice .
Damon transforms better than many of his A-list peers , and his Mark makeover is the reason to see The Informant !
A very entertaining and densely layered comedy for grown-ups with attention spans .
Hilarious and intriguing -- Matt Damon 's convincing performance reveals the many layers of this true story .
I was laughing readily at the very oddity of this presentation and the comedy in general , and it also helps quite a bit that Damon does a fantastic job playing this strange character .
It is n't until the third act that we really get to grips with the whole scenario enough to ride it like a theme park adventure
The adaptation of Kurt Eichenwald 's book is as smooth as silk in Steven Soderbergh 's hands while Matt Damon is a revelation as the self-professed ` good guy ' who spills the beans
Matt Damon gives the best performance of his career so far .
A loopy comedy-drama every bit as mercurial as its protagonist .
It 's certainly a novel approach , but it stops the story engaging us either as an espionage thriller or as a comic caper .
It sets out to be less pompous than similar films , which inevitably means it feels less substantial . While amusing rather than hilarious , it ought to establish Matt Damon as a star character actor .
It may come across like a self-satisfied madcap bauble , but that titular exclamation mark is the key that unlocks the myriad subtextual delights of Soderbergh 's timely latest .
Powered by a convincing Matt Damon , The Informant ! is a quick-on-its feet comedy that never outstays its welcome . If it has a problem , it 's that it 's neither funny enough nor emotionally resonant to make a truly lasting impact .
Director Stephen Soderbergh and its star Matt Damon have crafted a skittish caper movie , a pyrotechnical display of colourful lies that unravel to a giddy retro score .
Soderbergh has commissioned a relentlessly jazzy , wacky musical score from Hollywood veteran Marvin Hamlisch just so that we realise it 's all supposed to be funny .
The Informant ! is far from negligible , but it 's undoubtedly second-tier Soderbergh .
It 's easy to forget that Damon is a talented character actor . The Informant ! might be too feather-light to bring him the plaudits he deserves , but it 's to his credit that this is one of the most enjoyable films in months .
An amusing if rather too glib thriller .
You go in expecting a jaunty caper . What you get , disconcertingly , is a bleak , rather sad study of an unraveling mind .
A lightweight yet likeable cross between The Insider and Catch Me If You Can .
Although Damon is on brilliantly bumbling form , The Informant ! ultimately comes off as Soderbergh 's Burn After Reading - a diversionary lark until he gets back to serious filmmaking .
Only one role is fleshed out , and that 's Damon 's . With walrus ` tache and a dazzling mix of the naive and the Machiavellian , his is , despite the movie 's lack of flair , one of the year 's stand-out performances .
It 's a tough sell , for sure : a not-quite-comedy , not-quite-drama about a long-forgotten crime . But this is a rewarding film : slyly cynical about big business , American justice , and the men who represent both .
Damon makes his character ridiculous in a very convincing way while never for a moment overplaying .
Damon conveys the vulnerability of his character , but the script fails to explore why Whitacre makes the choices he does . He 's simply buffoonish .
Quirky and eccentric rather than laugh-out-loud funny , mildly amusing rather than fully involving .
Damon is great . His comic timing as Mark Whitacre , a biochemist turned inept corporate whistleblower , transforms what should have been a dull film into an entertaining one .
Scott Z Burns 's script hinges entirely on incidents that take place off-screen . The film will only work if audiences fail to notice this . But they wo n't , so it wo n't .
The problem with The Informant ! , aside from that overcoaxing exclamation mark , is that it 's not especially funny .
An amusing and beautifully acted little caper but the very American shenanigans may well struggle to keep you entirely engaged .
Damon 's rarely been better as a seemingly normal guy who you never really get a handle on , but the light-toned narrative could certainly be snappier .
Hugely enjoyable , frequently hilarious and superbly directed .
An engaging corporate comedy-drama that continually catches us -LRB- and the characters -RRB- off guard . It 's great fun to watch , and has a strongly resonant kick .
After 1 1/2 hours of ker-azee chuckles , you get one big clunker of a climax tossed in your lap .
While there are difficulties with the tone and the almost smug , clever-clever attitude of The Informant , the unusual nature of the story and , above all else , the performance of Damon make it worth catching .
The Informant ! leaves the viewer guessing - but thoroughly entertained . Damon showcases a career-best performance in a film that 's funny in a non-laugh-out-loud sort of way .
This is Soderbergh having fun with his craft again - and inviting us to join in the laughs .
It 's the kind of movie that stymies my proper critical eye -LRB- and ability to write -RRB- due to being so jumbled and ambitious , much like its hero .
The exclamation point in the title combined with the burnt orange color scheme and silly haircuts and facial hair tells you all you need to know about Soderbergh 's approach .
Creo que en manos de unos cineastas como los hermanos Coen , por ejemplo , el resultado sería infinitamente más divertido .
Confronts us with the inveterate human capacity for self-justification
we are all prone to casting ourselves as the hero of our own drama and the victim of our own tragedy .
Soderbergh pokes fun at the self-importance of corporate thrillers .
Soderbergh knocks one out again . Jazzy , subtle and fearlessly funny , it 's a towering film packed with tall tales that is n't entirely capricious . Matt Damon is wonderfully schlubby in this corporate spin on `` The Secret Life of Walter Mitty . ''
A movie finding `` edgy '' comedy about a man suffering from bipolar disorder ? What 's next ? A dark comedy about cancer of the pancreas ?
Soderbergh cria , aqui , algo que poderíamos encarar como uma versão de O Informante caso esta fosse dirigida por Blake Edwards e trouxesse Peter Sellers no papel interpretado por Russell Crowe .
Between this film and The Girlfriend Experience , Soderbergh has had himself a great year .
Matt Damon is delightfully goofy as an agri-business whistleblower , but the mostly true story lacks the drama or wit to keep us more than just amused .
tweaks the story just into the realm of dark humor , but without ever losing the sense that it is fundamentally a tragedy
While The Informant ! has a lot going for it stylistically , the entertainment value is sorely lacking .
Despite the possibility of savage humor , Soderbergh has gone for a more amiable approach ; the result does n't have many big belly laughs , but its droll tone is consistently amusing .
The jaundiced color scheme -- evocative of the corn starch that is the company 's prime product -- and Damon 's increasingly disturbing calmness and seemingly irrelevant narration suggest this is a movie about societal as well as personal sickness .
Damon is an agile comic performer , and Soderbergh knows how to serve him up without losing sight of the ultimate seriousness behind it all .
scintillating and sly , but never self-congratulatory . It 's agenda is of a higher nature , one that gently prods us into realizing that reality is a fluid thing
Beneath the feathered toupee , that disturbingly fuzzy mustache , and 30 pounds of listless , desk-job body fat lies Matt Damon , giving an outstanding comedic performance .
Is Whitacre as smart as he seems to be , or is he as dumb as he seems to be ? One thing 's for sure , nobody knows what this guy is going to pull next .
In Steven Soderbergh 's hands and with some very strange stylistic choices the story becomes muddled and more confusing than necessary .
It may be slow at times and structured sort of oddly , but The Informant ! is one of the year 's true originals , and Soderbergh 's best film since the first Ocean 's
A comedic , tragic look at a man alone .
Lies upon lies pile up in ` The Informant , ' a real-life story about a man whose web of deceit spins out of control .
Matt Damon gives it all he 's got but the movie still is n't the entertainment event you wish it could be .
Director Steven Soderbergh 's latest turns anti-capitalist fare into commercial entertainment , crafting a studio charmer cut loosely from the mold of his Ocean 's movies while recontextualizing residual ideas he previously explored in his independent , two-p
A good movie it is , but to this Soderbergh junkie , alas , just a hint shy of great .
The Insider plus The Office plus Fargo plus the forced zaniness of Juno .
Teeters precariously between being a great movie and an awful one .
Once we 're sucked in by the bells and whistles , we 're left with this devastating truth : The liars are still lying . And still getting away with it .
Soderbergh seems like he 's trying too hard to spell out the outrageousness of the story , -LSB- but as -RSB- the absurdities pile up ... his brassy stylistic choices become less annoying .
Adult comedy normally means sex , drugs and lots of F-bombs . Not this time around . Sure , we might not bust a gut like Damon did getting ready for the role , but there should always be a smile on your face .
Damon 's performance as the `` doughy '' Whitacre has Oscar nomination written all over it .
Director Steven Soderbergh gets the very best from a marvelous cast , but this is Damon 's film .
... film making at its best ... driven by Marvin Hamlisch 's spectacular score .
Instead of a nail-biter like The Insider or the pathetic tale of a corporate hit-and-run victim , such as Flash of Genius , Mark 's big-business shenanigans simply peter out anticlimactically over the course of six or seven years , and that 's that .
There 's no humanity to relate to , no wit to laugh at , only chuckling at one 's own sense of superiority -- if you can afford it .
Damon , undoubtedly one of his generation 's most versatile actors , magnifies both the strategy and foolishness with which this guy operates .
Whatever else The Informant ! is , it 's odd . No , it 's more than odd . It 's strange -- at least for a movie sent out into wide release as a mainstream offering .
Not only does Matt Damon channel schlepiness with a real-life fat suit , a bad mustache and ties that look like there were cut from Vegas carpets , but he 's also a bumbling megalomaniac and ferocious fibber .
A `` happy medium '' between Soderbergh 's `` star-laden '' flicks and his smaller , yes slightly brainier , movies . Obviously that 's a good thing .
The movie is a totally-owned comic coup for Matt Damon , demonstrating here , in ways that are n't always obvious in his action films , what a gifted performer he is .
There 's something disturbing about a film that beats its own drum about how funny it is . In reality , we 're suckers on the wrong side of the punch , victims of a different kind of double take : our money and our health .
As a character , Damon 's is one of the most entertaining I 've seen in years . He had me in stitches from start to finish . As a performance , his is the best I 've seen this year - by far .
Damon 's too-tame-to-tantalize narrative voiceover throughout is monotonous , in an absurdist scam-within-a scam eavesdropper noir that needed more dramatic clout . And less lighthearted humor and a darker thrust , in keeping with this twisted subject matter .
The Informant ! is diverting and quickly forgettable . I suggest supplementing the film by listening to This American Life .
Matt Damon seems an ill-match for his role as the mentally-unstable title character , a tragic-comic figure deserving of more complicated treatment than as an addlepated fuddy-duddy .
Each lie told by -LSB- Damon 's Mark -RSB- Whitacre tops the last and each revelation is more outrageous . Damon delivers them all with flawless mock-seriousness and precise comedy timing .
Soderbergh is a good listener , too , always alert to the myriad ways his characters reveal , conceal and finally betray themselves in thought , word and deed .
Mark 's collection of bizarre behaviors does n't add up to a character .
Soderbergh has transformed this into a treatise on the incompetence of everyone involved : the informant , the corporation upon which he informs , the lawyers , and the FBI . Strangely enough , it 's completely believable .
I liked the movie quite a bit , but by the end I felt as if I were at a live TV show with a blinking sign ordering me to LAUGH .
It 'd be a tragedy if it were n't so richly absurd , but it would also make for better comedy if the joke were n't on us . The Informant ! laughs so long and hard that it forgets to check whether we 're laughing along .
Grandly played by Matt Damon .
A beautiful tip-off to the film 's truth versus reality element is Whitacre 's subtle yanking back his toupee -LRB- we kind of suspected he was wearing such -RRB- while talking to his FBI pals . Damon pulls the scene off , and his hair back , superbly .
Soderbergh deftly reveals the inner workings of his main character , made more acute by an excellent split-personality portrayal from Damon .
Tackling this saga of corporate malfeasance with all comic cylinders firing might have been the only palatable way to present such a downbeat tale . Otherwise , if we were n't busy laughing , we 'd be busy crying .
All the ins and outs of the conference-room falsehoods and the jet-setting subterfuge are fun to follow , but it 's really the acting , characters , and cleverly interwoven backdrops which make the flick stick .
Hide-and-sneaky absurdist comedy
... a bravura performance from Damon
The lighter side of an unstable participant throwing a monkey wrench into the illicit gears of corporate power . It 's a just-right tone that matches Damon 's pitch-perfect one .
If Soderbergh 's offbeat approach seems alienating at first , the film 's second half is loaded with hilariously bizarre revelations , which are actually true to the case .
This extremely bizarre movie is told with off-puttingly zany music . ... For most of it , I stared at the screen with my mouth open in a you 've - got-to-be-kidding look .
The Informant ! has two aces going for it : Soderbergh 's poking at the mazelike holes in American business and Damon 's whirling dervish performance .
The film is so good overall that the robust punctuation -- and all that Oscar buzz -- is deserved .
Few directors other than Martin Scorsese and Quentin Tarantino can make films with the same geek joy -- the same love of cinematic history -- as Steven Soderbergh .
A bait-and-switch film that promises caper comedy with silly hair and dated-fashion costumes , and ends up with something that 's much weirder -- a marshmallow-light corporate satire .
Whitacre 's mounting lies do become increasingly outrageous , but in straining to spin the events into quirky comedy , the film jabs at your funny bone instead of actually tickling it .
-LSB- Damon -RSB- occupies his equivocating antihero utterly , capturing the Walter Mittyish self-delusion , the desperate desire to please , and the bottomless conviction that , whatever his transgressions , he 's still one of the good guys .
It suggests that in a world gone mad , even the good guys can be a little cracked , and that , in an age of self-indulgence , it might be hard for a whistleblower to heed his own alarms .
The exclamation point in the title is your first clue that Steven Soderbergh 's intentions here are more than a little askew .
Damon 's voice and demeanor are just right , and the actor-who really is an actor , a good one-works out Whitacre 's particularities like a character man stepping up to a leading role , rather than a movie star , slumming .
Soderbergh thankfully , refreshingly , plays it for laughs rather than for hand-wringing .
Albeit it has a dull tone and can drag , but once again Damon pulls you back in .
The Informant ! is an entertaining expose of corporate corruption as well as a droll sendup of business-intrigue movies .
... if it was n't for Damon 's impeccable performance the movie and his character might have turned out too absurd to handle .
Damon is rock solid as the pudgy , toupé-wearing informant , as is Lynskey as his loving wife .
While the details are fresh , the story arc follows a standard pattern , a cautionary tale of spiraling bad-faith decisions . But Soderbergh and Burns compensate by playing the story for wry laughs and adding an almost distracting variety of texture .
Playful tale of corporate misdeeds may interest some teens .
The Informant ! is funny and delightfully full of twists , the sort of picture that constantly leaves the audience guessing about the true motivations of its characters .
... a strange , strong , tragically funny comedy about all the lies we tell ourselves and others to make it through the wicked world and the working week .
-LSB- A -RSB- potent satire on corporate malfeasance and a deliciously twisted -- half biting , half poignant -- portrait of the people do who corporate evil , with the added piquance of it being based on -LSB- a -RSB- true story ...
This is easily Soderbergh 's best film in years with a fantastically convoluted plot and a great performance from Damon . For the first time in a film , I enjoyed being confused .
A smart , cynical movie about how we buy now -- oops , I mean , how we live now .
The Informant ! is a fun , silly movie filled with absurd non sequiturs , unexpected story twists and one fugly moustache .
A rollicking good time . You do n't need to have a Masters degree in business from Wharton or a law degree from Harvard to understand the action and scheming .
The more -LSB- Damon -RSB- babbles , the more interesting the story gets .
Damon gives the most fascinating and fearless performance of his career .
Closer to a Coen Brothers farce than A Civil Action or North Country .
The Informant ! is more amusing than laugh-out-loud hilarious , but is never boring .
Like some of the food made with the substances produced by the corporation at the heart of this story , this movie is pleasant but leaves a sour aftertaste .
Damon 's portrayal is complicated , amusing and somewhat heartbreaking .
Shooting fast and digital in just 30 days , Soderbergh invests the film with the breathless pace of a thriller and the gravity befitting a nation 's soul sickness . Damon makes Whitacre recognizably human .
I enjoyed it , in a momentary-diversion sort of way , without really being sure it was worth doing .
In adapting reporter Kurt Eichenwald 's non-fiction account of Mark E. Whitacre , the corporate corn husker turned federal snitch , Soderbergh has given this incredible story exactly the amount of insanity it deserves .
Mr. Damon plays it admirably straight , for the most part , thereby serving as a counterweight to the clamorous self-delight that surrounds him . Unfortunately , that 's not enough to save the production ...
By and large -LSB- Soderbergh -RSB- succeeds fabulously , the film so uncomfortably hysterical its full impact upon me is almost impossible to describe .
Soderbergh rigidly adheres to the idea of infusing the movie with heaps of pizazz , even as the material demands a vastly different , more soulful approach .
Parental Content Review
Initially amusing and occasionally funny , but too often uneven and pretentiously absurd with an increasingly grating performance by Matt Damon .
... some of the most fun I 've had at the theater all year .
It 's a jaunty , goofy trip for the audience , a smart comedy about a dumb guy .
A captivating work that is as compulsively entertaining as any of his big-ticket efforts and as slyly subversive as his smaller and quirkier efforts . Honest !
The Informant ! is Soderbergh in larky mode , which in its sterility has recently become virtually indistinguishable from his cerebral mode .
We 'd love to sympathize with Mark Whitacre if he were n't such a crook .
The Informant ! was worth the weight gain for Matt Damon as he delivers what 's easily his best performance to date .
Matt Damon is a constant churn of gee-whiz earnestness , righteous indignation , nervous exasperation and self-aggrandizing swagger ...
Damon gives one of the best performances of his career here , a sneak-up-on-you the-dupe-as-duper narrator .
Despite -LRB- or because of -RRB- his gaining 30 pounds for the role -- half of which weight may be from his rug -- Matt Damon is in top form .
While this film fits squarely into Soderbergh 's recurrent goal of ignoring audience interest when possible , that 's the only area in which it can be considered a success .
The film 's casting is spot on . Damon is delightful playing someone who is a terrible actor . Wearing a ghastly muffin-shaped hairdo , an ill-advised mustache and 30 extra pounds around his waist , he 's hardly recognizable as lethal Jason Bourne .
The Informant ! is a martini neither shaken nor stirred . It 's neat , dry and straight-up hilarious .
Despite an appealing central performance from Matt Damon , disguised in a mustache and complicated swoop of hair , The Informant ! feels like a jumble of ideas rather than a concerted whole .
Soderbergh takes a deadly serious news story and amplifies and colors it to the point of outrageousness . The results are n't always consistent , but they are undeniably compelling .
The Informant ! is too clever by half -- and yet , at the same time , not quite as smart as it thinks .
Repetitive to the point of supreme annoyance , The Informant ! would have been better informed with a page-one rewrite .
Director Steven Soderbergh tries too hard to force his tone on the material . There 's already enough goofiness here .
Another creative addition to Steven Soderbergh 's impressive collection of adventuresome films .
Matt Damon 's amusing performance in this wild true story of an unstable corporate whistleblower is compromised by Steven Soderbergh 's heavy-handed direction .
The Informant ! is a provocative character study on a brainy , but utterly complicated and persistently distracted , executive who probably gets confused by which sock should go on the right foot . Soderbergh gets a rise out of his scenery , recreating
Damon has never been better !
Entertaining , but a bit glib , verging on disposable . But Damon saves it with his knockout performance .
stretches the boundaries of credibility while creating a movie that mocks most of the tenets of the genres he 's working in .
Damon is superbly silly in this comic version of A Beautiful Mind .
A whimsical and light-hearted spin on a serious story of corporate whistleblowing .
Soderbergh is infamous for his will to experiment , and his movie is a radical departure from genre convention ...
As Soderbergh lovingly peels away veil after veil of deception , the film develops into an unexpected human comedy . Not that any of the characters are laughing .
Playful adaptation from Steven Soderbergh features Matt Damon , 30 pounds heavier , whose beautifully nuanced take on wide-eyed naiveté saves this otherwise pointless goof .
He 's never been one to indulge , but there once was a time when Soderbergh was able to please . Sadly , The Informant ! never earns its exclamation point . It 's more of an ellipses motion picture .
Whitacre 's pathology , skewed perceptions , and cracked commentary provide a welcome alternative , imposing a playful , almost Dadaist narrative onto the sordid realities .
Soderbergh , despite three lighthearted Ocean 's films , is not a natural comedic director .
Marvin Hamlisch 's goofy score all but bruises your ribs by jabbing you with `` is n't this hilarious ? '' wackiness , but ultimately the cast plays it so straight that to respond with laughter almost feels like chuckling at a funeral .
The performance easily ranks as one of Damon 's best .
-LSB- Damon -RSB- -- who has quietly and steadily turned into a great Everyman actor -- is in nimble control as he reveals his character 's deep crazies .
Featuring a steadily mounting shaggy-dog plot and a majestically nerdish turn by Matt Damon , it feels of a piece with the Soderbergh who so effortlessly batted for the cycle ... at the beginning of the decade .
If only The Informant ! was as giddy as its exclamation-point title , as jaunty as its corporate Muzak soundtrack -- or even as funny as its TV commercials .
The Informant ! is a hoot , an ever-escalating tale of corporate crime , greed and out-and-out craziness .
A movie of chuckles rather than belly-laughs ... but they really add up . In its unforced , loopy way , this is one of the funniest pictures of the year .
The Informant ! is one of -LSB- Soderbergh 's -RSB- ugliest works , photographed on the RED digital camera system in such a way that depth of field is meaninglessly flattened into backlit brown mush .
What makes the movie work is Damon 's manic performance . His unflagging energy is appealing at first , but seems finally like the last recourse of a man every bit as desperate and pathetic as Tom Ripley .
The sublime Damon has a ridiculous moustache , a bad toupee and carries himself with the supreme confidence of a man who has no idea he 's acting like an imbecile .
The filmmakers have painted a 1990s story with a 1970s palette , and the tone clashes with the setting , like plaid on paisley .
The Informant ! says that people who do good or ill have complex motives for their actions , and that not everyone is knowable , instantly or ever .
Bright , breezy , and downright goofy , this superbly captures the workings of Whitacre 's highly imaginative mind and the outlandish nature of the crime .
Oddly , director Steven Soderbergh seems to believe that casting Matt Damon as habitual corporate liar and thief Mark Whitacre constitutes an empathetic protagonist .
If you 're on Soderbergh 's wavelength , you 'll laugh yourself silly at the chutzpah of The Informant ! , a bold comic take on a serious story .
The Informant ! is a return to form for Soderbergh , who could n't seem to put anything resembling an emotional charge into his recent films ... This time , Soderbergh is in full control , and his star is on fire .
The Informant ! does raise a fascinating question : How can humans so compartmentalize their psyches ? But Whitacre has no stature -- he 's just a nut .
Soderbergh seems to know he has nothing , so he casts most of the movie 's supporting parts with comedians and plays wacky , circus-like music with each scene .
Soderbergh has delivered a mildly entertaining confection here but it lacks the bite and depth you might have expected from such explosive subject matter .
Soderbergh takes satirical-ironic approach to this timely and entertaining tale of corporate greed and conspiracy , which benefits from Matt Damon 's charismatic performance .
Far more serious than either the broad trailer campaign or the exclamation mark in its title would indicate , the film ca n't quite decide its tone .
The pic showcases an excellent performance by a chubbed-out Matt Damon as a Midwestern executive who 's so smart he 's dumb .
A comedy about corporate fraud , malfeasance and a mental disorder that never quite succeeds as a comedy .


@highlight

A charismatic turn by star Matt Damon and a consistently ironic tone boost this quietly funny satire about a corporate whistle-blower .