A dumb plot , laughable dialogue and bad acting , make The Host one of the worst commercial films I 've ever seen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Host wraps up cleanly but it 's clear from the ending that , all going well , there will be a second instalment .
Kind of like watching a toddler assemble a high-end bookcase .
Those who found Twilight nauseating will find The Host has the same overlong runtime , cornball characters , and artificially pumped up romantic stakes .
The Host fails as a romance , but it also struggles as an adventure film . The body-snatching angle has been done before , and the aliens ... are n't menacing enough .
Oh , the silly movies we must endure . `` The Host '' is perhaps one of the most brain-dead sci-fi love stories to come along in many years .
What sort of worked on the page crashes and burns on the screen , as even an actress of Ronan 's caliber ca n't make these self-debates anything but ridiculous .
It 's all very confusing , and not very interesting .
Beyond Meyer 's trite-and-untrue formula -LRB- supernatural love triangle , exotic locale , family values and kisses as daring and transgressive -RRB- , corpse-stiff dialogue , flat action sequences and a confused allegory make this movie particularly stultifying piffle
You might despise the ` Twilight ' series and still find something to appreciate here ... at least it 's original .
Catnip for the cooing teen female set but far less engaging and rewarding for anyone else .
And you thought Twilight was bad ...
This limply directed , solidly boring slice of sci-fi twaddle features humanoid aliens who spend much of their screen time staring blankly into the middle distance with glazed eyes . About 10 minutes into this dross , you 'll know what that feels like .
Just like her Twilight series , Stephenie Meyer 's 2008 novel The Host becomes another feature in which people are standing around and brooding -LRB- ... -RRB- Proof that it 's not easy to make thoughts seem riveting when little is happening .
Niccol crafts some arresting imagery , though the slow pacing and droning new age score makes everything feel like an endless Ambien commercial .
Resistance is futile .
It 's a reasonably intriguing premise , but the alien invasion soon takes a back seat to the kind of tiresome teen angst where crucial plot points hinge on a kiss .
So badly scripted , performed and directed that it literally destroyed my faith in humanity .
Three bodies plus four minds is some fertile arithmetic , but The Host ca n't be bothered with the intellectual or kinky ramifications of its setup .
There 's much grave talk of souls in this sci-fi romance . Ironic , then , that it ends up being such a soulless and trifling affair .
It 's bewildering how sci-fi aficionado Andrew Niccol -LRB- `` Gattaca , '' `` The Truman Show '' -RRB- could mastermind such a parasitic mess .
Yeah ... um ... no ... do n't ever do this again please .
Come back Bella and Edward - all is forgiven .
Saoirse Ronan is a talented young actress but the silly dialogue and convoluted plot make this movie average in so many ways .
Stephenie Meyer has found a whole new way for teen girls to be conflicted about sex ...
This is not the first time that Meyer 's muddled prose has dragged an interesting director to his artistic doom .
This is a flaccid affair ...
Compounding the dismal storytelling is Niccol 's general disregard for narrative structure and pacing .
The central premise of The Host is fundamentally unfilmable and , hence , probably should n't have been filmed .
Teen sitcom-level dialogue , wooden acting , snogging-in-the-rain flashbacks and ludicrously chrome-plated alien racecars .
There 's a compelling idea in here somewhere , one that sadly gets bogged down in Stephenie Meyer 's ongoing desire to focus intently on all the least interesting things in her own stories .
The only reason I had any hope was the presence of Saoirse Ronan in the leading role ...
The Host does n't strive for social allegory , as previous body snatcher flicks did ... it 's merely a teenage girl 's fantasy checklist for prom : Which `` me '' should I be , which guy should I go with , and can we get one of those shiny sports cars to drive ?
Even by the standard of paranormal teen romances , The Host is ridiculous stuff , and derivative too .
The nagging disembodied voice of Melanie comes across like the Great Gazoo to Wanda 's Fred Flintstone -LRB- `` Do n't steal my boyfriend , dum-dum ! '' -RRB-
Space-Ronan kisses a boy and her inner human screams `` NO ! , '' slaps the confused male , then runs off to brood by a rock , staring into space . It will make sense to some of you .
The story concept is interesting , but it gradually runs off the rails and does n't end up being as good a story as it should have been .
2013 's The Host is eye gouging , ca n't - get-the-hours-back-of-your-life kind of bad that if there 's any justice will quickly disappear from your local screen , soon to be forgotten save for those masochistic few who actually stomach the entire running time .
The Host just is n't a very good movie .
Midway through The Host I started longing for the depth and sophistication of any random Twilight movie .
plays out like something an eleven-year-old girl would write on the back of her notebook while she was bored in class ... with the emotional depth of a wet napkin
... edgy on the surface but a cheesy love story at its core , complete with longing glances and music swells .
Almost everything said by Melanie sounds childish and outrageous . It makes The Host extremely immature .
The Host lacks quality acting and any hint of a decent story . The result is a sci-fi film with no science and a romantic film with no romance . In other words , it 's the dullest 2 hours imaginable .
This is pretty silly stuff , Twi-lite if you will , but played with maximum solemnity , no discernible humor and minimal excitement .
-LSB- A -RSB- bizarre Saturday Night Live sketch about a girl with a bratty alien inside her .
The Host is a passable film that could entertain a slim segment of viewers that were turned-off by Twilight - while fully catering to the Twihard crowd .
Invasion
of the
time-wasters : ` Host ' alienates audience
Skipping merrily over plot holes in search of the next Romantic Teen Moment , The Host inadvertently raises the question : If this is the way the world ends , is it worth trying to save it ?
Yes . It all feels weird and just a little awkward , but thanks to Ronan and the endless layers of well-intentioned meaning , The Host finds enough schmaltzy charm to bid its guests adieu without embarrassment .
A ponderous and at times pretty silly romantic sci-fi adventure .
The Host is n't very good as a romance . There 's not very much passion on screen , which makes the film a poor cousin to Twilight .
The movie 's structure is awkward . There 's no real narrative thrust .
The Host 's infelicities-drab dialogue , ridiculous plotting , more emotional crises than there is story-are enlivened by its thematic eccentricities .
Fear and dread of `` the other '' have long ruled American science fiction , fantasy , suspense thrillers and politics ... How jarring then , and refreshing , to see The Host ... take the invaders ' point of view .
Neither romantic nor fake romantic , and not at all ridiculous , The Host has an atmosphere that is cold , austere and sardonic .
Director Andrew Niccol is completely unable to add any depth or elegance to Meyer 's pedestrian storytelling and thin characters . We can only presume that those aliens have already gotten hold of his body already .
Not as excruciating as The Twilight Saga , but totally ludicrous , and packed with dopey dialogue .
If you 're looking for a few laughs from the unintended camp , or are desirous of letting loose with your own MST3K commentary , the film might just be what the doctor ordered . -LRB- Complete Content Details for Parents also available -RRB-
An alien invasion movie that consists of Saoirse Ronan and Disembodied Voice of Saoirse Ronan arguing with each other over whether and when and with whom the body of Saoirse Ronan should get it on .
The Host is like its central character : a vacant husk , completely bewildered inside and out , with the faint sound of a good idea trying to scream its way through .
Meyer has concocted an extremely silly story made worse by Andrew Niccol 's ponderous , self-important adaptation .
The author of ` The Twilight Saga ' and the director of ` Gattaca ' just had a baby - an unintentionally laughable , nonsensical , ugly baby .
Ronan , youthfully elegant as always , tries hard , but the material defeats her .
A goofball teenage sci-fi romance , `` The Host '' is an End of Days parable that seems like it was written at a slumber party .
If only the movie played as nicely as it looked .
Make no mistake , The Host is a bad movie , but it 's the kind of bad movie that 's almost compulsively watchable if only to see how much worse it could possibly get .
It 's not often -- not ever , in fact -- that a movie will put you in mind of Battlefield Earth .
The Host raises many questions , among them , how has it taken this long for Diane Kruger to play an alien ?
Cold , antiseptic , and unintentionally funny . It was awful on many different levels . However , there was enough there to keep me interested .
Populated by one-note characters and the kind of moral subtext that usually precedes cult suicides .
In short , The Host is just silly .
One of the side effects of having a soul take over your body is the appearance of beautiful blue eyes , shining brighter than a star . Which means unless you 're Yancy Butler or Jeff Fahey you have to hide your eyes lest you be discovered.Or wear sunglasses !
A dopey , dull , depressingly inert sci-fi disaster that retains all of the benchmarks of Meyer 's mediocrity -LRB- the weird politics , the staid plotting , the moony eyes -RRB- but somehow manages to be even more humiliatingly awful .
Melanie had two voices in her head . I only had one , but it was clearly telling me that this movie is a mess .
An original sci-fi vision from writer-director Andrew Niccol , one that takes chances , falls on its face a time or two , and otherwise works as well as it does because of how brazenly different it dares to be .
The only real conflict here is the one going on inside the protagonist 's head , while poor Saoirse Ronan has little to do but look very uncomfortable .
Long , tedious and often unintentionally hilarious .
It 's a mushy and unsuspenseful melodrama .
Its title , very graciously , does n't end with a `` Part 1 , '' but The Host sure has enough plot points and ideas to fill two installments .
Pick up the book . It does a far better job of breathing life into this monochromatic new world than the film .
I keep my fingers crossed that `` The Host '' tanks at the box office and we never have to suffer a sequel - which is set up at the happily ever after ending .
Meyer 's romantic sense , cribbed from the back pages of a junior-high girl 's Trapper Keeper , is given a bit of depth by the strong cast - particularly Ronan .
Dopey , derivative and dull , `` The Host '' is a brazen combination of unoriginal science-fiction themes , young-adult pandering and bottom-line calculation .
There 's only so much value that Niccol 's slick presentation can add to Meyer 's shallow material .
Ronan is better than the material she 's given as Melanie/Wanda . The star of Atonement and Hanna conveys more intelligence than her foolish dual roles call for .
A sci-fi writer like Philip K. Dick -LRB- `` Blade Runner '' -RRB- might have used this premise to explore notions of memory and identity . Meyer uses it to create a teen soap opera .
Simply dismissing The Host as a shallow Invasion of the Body Snatchers/Romeo and Juliet mash-up would be to ignore how effectively it will play to large herds of mall-dwellers .
During the dull stretches of The Host -- and , sadly , there are many of them -- you may find yourself rewriting the movie as a French farce .
An invasion of the body snatchers is preferable to realizing that the true horror perpetrated here is not on the characters but on the audience .
We 're treated to the bizarre spectacle of Ronan arguing with herself repeatedly over which guy to kiss . But since both are similarly bland , it barely matters .
The Host lacks the adolescent foolishness that made Twilight even remotely relatable , and it is n't even bad enough to be fun .
Meyer is undeniably canny at using genre to address the age-old struggles of adolescence , but at just over two hours , even `` The Host 's '' air of guilty pleasure eventually subsides .
It stinks ... and yet ... I 'm glad I saw ` The Host , ' and more so than just as an anthropological study
The sight of Ronan speaking to herself as the alien as voice overs account for Melanie is titter inducing even before the standard Meyer supernatural love triangle is introduced .
The production seems genuinely fearful of turning this effort into anything more than a dewy tale of deliverance , with a side portion of hunks .
The Host is born from the mother of all things Twilight , Stephenie Meyer , which is the next best - or worst - thing , depending on your point of view .
There 's something about novelist Stephenie Meyer that induces formerly interesting directors to suddenly make films that are slow , silly and soporific .
`` The Host '' is like a confused guest who stays too long - but at least it 's good for a few laughs .
It offers viewers the choice of Team Hokey or Team Absurd .
Do not consume The Host before operating heavy machinery . Side effects may include spontaneous coma or fits of giggling .
By the time the film finally gets to its conclusion -- an obvious set-up for a sequel -- you may wish you 'd been possessed by aliens for the previous couple of hours .
Lots of kisses , but `` Twi '' - fi thriller is n't that compelling .
It 's hard to get past the unintentionally funny way the close encounters of the body-sharing kind are portrayed .
Sci-fi hits the skids as bad melodrama rules , and we get such risible dialogue as , `` It 's not really me you like , it 's this body '' and `` I 'm still of two minds . '' And how about this groaner : `` Kiss me like you want to get slapped . ''
The film may as well be titled `` Stephenie Meyer 's Waiting Around . ''
If you wish Stephenie Meyer 's `` Twilight '' had been even dopier and mopier , then `` The Host '' is the movie for you .
Niccols always picks unusual , intriguing projects , and gives them a distinctive look , but the emotional core of his stories sometimes escapes him .
It 's painfully obvious Stephenie Meyer is a one-trick pony and a trick like Twilight you can only really pull off once .
`` The Host '' is top-heavy with profound , sonorous conversations , all tending to sound like farewells .
A new-agey sci-fi tale that spends a lot of time talking while making little actually happen . . wants to be about ideas , rather than story . Except there are n't any ideas .
Makes Edward and Bella look like Harry and Sally .
If making a Stephanie Meyers adaptation far less annoying than any of the Twilight movies helps -LSB- Andrew Niccol -RSB- get his next project , it will have been worth it .
Clunky , dramatically inert , ideologically repugnant , and just a plain old bore , The Host may be the worst thing anyone involved has ever been affiliated with . In some instances , that may also prove true for the audience .
` Twilight ' of the Body Snatchers , without much urgency or sexual heat .
It is almost impossible to believe this high-concept , low-impact sludge is being pumped into cinemas by a filmmaker as once upon a time as talented as Andrew Niccol .
Just kind of dumb .
If nothing else , the movie serves as an excellent substitute for the book : better art direction and a quarter of the adjectives .
Like everything else brand Stephenie Meyer , The Host is a mostly empty , dull and underwhelming genre re-hash . Here 's praying that poor box office makes it the last of its kind .
Hello there , all 15 and 16 year old girls , this one 's for you , although you 'll have to endure quite a bit of sci-fi hokum packed around the few delicious moments of two girls inside one body kissing two boys who have a crush with one or other of them
The film is at its most ridiculous when Saoirse Ronan is kissed by Max Irons -LRB- Jeremy 's son -RRB- and Jake Abel in quick succession in a bid to identify who they are kissing : the girl or the alien who has taken over her body
Niccol helps The Host survive as a sci-fi movie even as he 's saddled with the Twilight author 's source material .

@highlight

Poorly scripted and dramatically ineffective , The Host is mostly stale and tedious , with moments of unintentional hilarity .