To be honest , I never really enjoyed movies with Jackie Chan , but this really won me over .
At times it 's a blast but the rest of it is sustained largely by the power of Chan 's charm and the grace of the clown prince of kung-fu comedy .
This is a movie that does not want you to think too much , lest you notice all its faults . It is a silly caper with the emphasis on action choreography and big set pieces -- which would be fine if the choreography and CGI were not so lacklustre .
The train heist scenes are carefully choreographed , no doubt to give Chan more leeway and CG boost , and the abundant use of explosives takes time away from real break-a-leg stunts .
Ding has taken one of the darkest chapter 's in China 's history and created an adventure story that will entertain viewers of all ages .
Chan is economical instead of eruptive , gracefully setting up gags and often sidestepping the frenetic movements of his co-stars -LRB- who include his son Jaycee -RRB- .
While it 's nice to see Jackie Chan return to his familiar role as the scrappy underdog hero , this incoherent action comedy does n't provide much else besides nostalgic appeal for his fans .
Railroad Tigers is overflowing with absurd comedy . Slapstick and physical comedy take precedence over character development and a coherent story . Railroad Tigers is Jackie Chan 's Monument 's Men .
The movie is fatally glib in tone .
Railroad Tigers is an old-school , moderately campy adventure movie , something American directors were focused on making in the '90s -LRB- think 1995 's Jumanji -RRB- but audiences have mostly relegated today to the realm of nostalgia .
-LSB- Jackie -RSB- Chan 's familiar blend of action comedy is undercut by a persistent line in wince-inducing pro-China rhetoric .
Railroad Tigers is a treat .
These shifts in tone could have been interesting if deliberately used to throw us off balance , but Sheng seems to be hoping we wo n't notice anything amiss .
Uneven Jackie Chan action flick has war violence .
Overall a slapdash and silly movie , Railroad Tigers is still a treat to watch , even when it slips into violence and propaganda .
Railroad Tigers is an action epic that wants to be a comedic goofball , as it fumbles both aspects when trying to meld them together .
With little to grab onto-and despite all that it offers-Railroad Tigers is far slower than a goofy action movie that mostly takes place on a locomotive should ever be .
Railroad Tigers is a tonal mess that never figures out a way to reconcile its serious subject matter with the wacky-fun-times vibe Chan and company are putting out . Much of the film just feels off .
Beyond Mr. Chan 's deft work here , `` Railroad Tigers , '' directed by Ding Sheng , is kind of a mess .
Instead of a grand lark of fast fists and derring-do , we get a lumbering , choppy voyage of minimal excitement .
Hardcore fans of Chan and his splendid choreography will find moments to delight in , but casual fans may want to find another track to Chan 's better efforts .
It 's only the first week of January , but it will be hard to beat Hong Kong director Ding Sheng 's `` Railroad Tigers '' for the best opening credit sequence of the year .
It takes a special anti-talent to make a movie that 's hard to follow out of material this broad .
It 's not a complete waste of time as there are a few magical Chan moments as when he 's fighting off and dodging bad guys on the top of a speeding train ... Chan , at 62 , may not be as nimble as he once was but what he can do is still very impressive .
While the film 's sometimes gritty violence is surprising for an action comedy , delightful moments abound , too , such as a scene in which Ma 's men argue over the proper key for a peasant song .
However disjointed Railroad Tigers can be , the film offers a much-needed reminder of Jackie Chan 's prodigious gifts .
With heart , humor and some breathtaking special effects , Ding Sheng 's Railroad Tigers charms and thrills , pitting a merry band of Robin Hood-style peasants led by Jackie Chan in rural China against the Japanese military .
It has promise , but Ding takes too long to kick things into gear , burdened as it is with too much unnecessary cargo , from the superfluous framing device to the sprawling cast of characters .
Railroad Tigers is a fun but flabby period adventure that plays to the -LRB- current -RRB- strengths of its star
Railroad Tigers is a capable wartime caper that thrives on the dynamism and efficient action choreography that manage to conjure a spectacle out of even the most ploddingly penned Jackie Chan vehicle .
You know things are getting bad when an instantly forgettable , nearly impossible-to-follow , Chinese-language action movie manages to score a U.S. release simply because of Chan 's involvement .

@highlight

Railroad Tigers throws a few sparks hearkening back to Jackie Chan 's glory days as an action comedy star , but they 're smothered by an unfocused story and jarring shifts in tone .