I 'm not sure there 's anything particularly new here -LRB- some might say the very idea is dated -RRB- , but the jokes are good , and there is the Butterscotch Stallion , Owen Wilson , a man who manages to be utterly jolly and deeply sad at once .
While The Internship has some poignant things to say about the modern corporate world , it also has a very modern way of getting its point across .
Absurd stretches in logic aside , for a film about salesmanship , The Internship does a horrible job of selling itself as a funny -LRB- or real -RRB- movie .
The Internship is a horrible piece of cinema , soulless , shameless and devoid of anything remotely artistic , entertaining or interesting .
For the most part The Internship succeeds because of a feel-good vibe that resonates from beginning to end .
Fans of Vaughn and Wilson should n't expect the highs of `` Wedding Crashers , '' but as far as amiability goes it 's almost off the charts .
`` The Internship '' is less a pageant of Google 's products and services than an agitprop of the company 's corporate philosophy and culture .
It is n't really a movie about friendship or new beginnings - it 's a movie about selling Google .
You do n't need a heart to like this movie . You need an MBA .
` The Internship ' is n't as funny or exuberant as ` Wedding Crashers ' and the plot is formulaic , but as lightweight entertainment goes it 's ... well , light and entertaining .
O mais caro vídeo institucional já produzido .
... in a very funny bit of salesmanship -LRB- what else ? -RRB- , our heroes talk their way into trying out for the gig , and the rest becomes a cornball and , at times , charming piece of fluff .
Similar to Eddie Murphy 's hard right turn from daring and profane comedy to family-friendly romps , Vaughn and Wilson have gone all soft and gooey here .
The Internship is ultimately as lazy and pointless -LRB- and overlong -RRB- a comedy that one can easily recall ...
The comic business is only fitfully amusing . How many times do we need to hear Nick say ` on the line ' instead of ` online ' ?
A by-the-numbers bromantic comedy that is essentially a feature-length advert for Google , The Internship uses the weapons-grade charm of Wilson and Vaughn to spout a corporate message .
There are bad movies , and then there are movies whose success would bode ill for cinema 's future . The Internship is the latter .
Getting explicit sponsorship from Google is one thing ; acting as an extended ad for Silicon Valley 's finest strip joint does seem a bit seedy .
Alongside the film 's increasingly irritating ` Googliness ' , The Internship is as silver-tongued and soulless as the rhetoric it appears to peddle .
This Wedding Crashers reunion has enough snappy dialog to keep us laughing even if the film itself feels like little more than a two-hour Google advert .
Agreeably topical , intermittently funny , occasionally moving ... and arguably the biggest product placement plug of all time ...
A laboured , mawkish plug for Google .
Error Code 404 : Laughs Not Found .
Not funny and very predictable .
The comedy of scam and flim-flam is very funny for 20 minutes . After that the script is bent like chair bamboo towards the kind of furniture film-goers are presumed to want for their moral and emotional comfort .
Enjoyable , frequently funny comedy enlivened by winning comic performances from Vaughn and Wilson and a strong support cast ...
Almost nothing in the second half of the film is exactly funny , but consistent geniality counts for a fair bit .
This will date rather badly , and possibly very quickly .
If you can ignore the eulogising of Google as a pinnacle of corporate altruism , there 's fun to be had ...
It 's precisely the type of film the critics hate . Ignore them , yahoo 'd be a fool to miss it .
Is it supposed to be flattering to Google that two idiots bullsh*t their way into a highly competitive internship , even though they know nothing about computers , or the Internet , or programming ?
It 's a testament to the duo 's jazzy comic chemistry that they wring some laughs from this dated , frankly sinister premise .
Eight years on from Wedding Crashers , -LSB- Vaughn and Wilson -RSB- successfully rekindle their irascible shtick .
Vaughn and Wilson have a nice bantering chemistry but their material is terribly thin .
A gratuitous spruik for the money-churning web giants but not without moments of wit . The duo rediscover a little of their old magic .
It 's as if Google devised a programme to churn out an average Hollywood comedy and offered it to director Shawn Levy -LRB- and Vaughn , as co-writer -RRB- with a proviso that they make the company look good .
This satisfying comedy stands on the merits of its two leads and works predominantly because of Vince Vaughn 's amusing performance .
A can-do attitude and a fresh spin on the fish-out-of-water theme make ` The Internship ' fun .
We are officially through the looking glass , people . We 're quite used to seeing two hours of Hollywood movie with bits of product placement in it . Here we have two hours of product placement with bits of Hollywood movie in it .
There are plenty of films out there competing for your money ... ` The Internship ' does n't even deserve a part-time gig ...
... prison never felt this much like a bouncy-house .
`` The Internship '' is a delightful comedy .
A pair of ace but now 40-ish salesmen are fired by their boss due to the whole ` Digital Age ' thing , leaving them to desperately look for work which leads to , of course , their totally improbable acceptance into an internship at Google headquarters .
Google my words : it 's a winner . It may not be as great as Wedding Crashers but this re-teaming of Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson was worth the 8-year wait .
... the concept of team first is driven home by Vaughn , who apparently has a vault full of inspirational `` Flashdance '' references
Like many an intern , this sweet , negligible comedy , starring Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson as Google 's oldest interns , does n't live up to its potential .
Nothing wipes the smiles off their faces-even when jobs vaporize , girlfriends bail and homes go into foreclosure . After a while , their positivity actually began to creep me out . They 're like Stepford bros. .
Each scene builds the plot without leaving air for jokes . It 's like a `` perfect screenplay '' as punched out by a computer program ... It 's a bullet-point movie .
Manages to disappoint as the pair sleepwalk through the film , seemingly unaware of how abjectly unfunny it is .
The film seems less concerned with characters or plot than it does with aggressive product placement , potential online partnerships and promotional tie-ins .
It might be an ultra-conventional comedy , but at least it makes you laugh .
A portrait of advancing-age desperation that doubles as odd meta-commentary on its stars , The Internship is a floundering , often painfully unfunny film whose unifying quality may be in alienating not just one but every generation it aims to connect with .
It speaks volumes when a Will Ferrell cameo goes on too long without generating any laughs , while a walk-on by Josh Gad as a headphones-wearing outcast steals the movie in two minutes .
They should have done a Google search to find a better script .
One of those movies that milks its stars ' inherent charisma for as long as it can , but it does so mainly because it has little else .
Aside from an uproarious scene involving Professor Charles Xavier -LRB- yes , that Professor X -RRB- , the laughs are mostly low-key -- but at least they 're there , which automatically places this above many guffaw-free films of its genre .
The Google logo appears so often you should n't have to pay to see this movie . Google should pay you .
Wilson elicits a stronger turn from Vaughn than we 've seen for some time . The results are surprisingly engaging and endearing .
One of the most conventional comedies ever filmed . ... They should have called it ` Comedy Movie : The Movie . '
Google is a company for which innovation and original thinking are integral.The Internship , set at Google , is the exact opposite .
Google made over $ 3 billion in profit in just the first quarter of this year , and yet they not only expect you to sit through a two-hour commercial , but pay money to do so .
Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn may deliver predictable performances , but they succeed in making everyone around them funnier .
The humour comes from the combination of truth and make-believe as the two 30 somethings compete with the 20 somethings who are digital natives . They are not so much has beens in digital terms as never beens
There 's something infectious about the Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn 's brand of goofy humour and as expected , The Internship delivers laughs , screw ups and silliness in good , non-demanding escapist entertainment
the Google + of movies
Hits all of the typical notes you expect , and only succeeds in making us laugh and care because Vaughn and Wilson are in it .
The Internship is harmless but fails to deliver laughs worthy of `` Googliness . '' Instead , it 's more akin to Yahoo! - a functional Plan B when nothing better is available .
Harmlessly middlebrow with the occasionally relatable observation about occupational problems . Despite its flaws , it works as T-shirt-and-jeans comedy - loose-fit casual , with a timeworn plot faded into its fabric like a decade-old salsa stain .
Vaughn and Wilson take an incredibly formulaic and improbable setup and make it somewhat enjoyable .
The comedic magic that Wilson and Vaughn brought to the screen when paired up in the 2005 hit `` Wedding Crashers '' seems to have dwindled . Their interactions are still fun to watch , just not as funny .
The line between a legitimate feature film and a product placement-filled infomercial grows thinner than ever with this underdog comedy .
A pleasant collection of mild laughs .
The Internship does n't break any new comedic ground ... But it 's an amiable , occasionally laugh-out-loud fish-out-of-water tale that gently mocks our modern technological age while simultaneously embracing it .
Today 's weather forecast in Mountain View ? Giddy with a chance of delirious .
The Internship just might be the saddest movie of 2013 . That few will realize this makes it even sadder .
Reunited ` Wedding Crashers , ' Vaughn and Wilson have chemistry to spare .
Google , the corporate entity , is so lovingly portrayed that the film itself resembles nothing so much as a massive product tie-in .
While it 's nice to have a Vaughn and Wilson buddy-up again , we can only wish they 'd crashed another comedy instead .
Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson deliver a pep talk to Millennials with nice , easy chemistry , but the sweetness of the message deserves a better overall vehicle .
Shawn Levy 's occasionally uproarious , warm-hearted comedy is about different generations educating each other , but it never seems rote .
Wilson , Vaughn reteam in goofy comedy with sex humor .
A lazy comedy , innocuous and inoffensive but formulaic and tired , as well as fatally overlong .
Having already paid for itself with corporate pounds of flesh and not bothered forwarding the cash to buy a laugh or two , The Internship is happy to take your money and dismiss you with a Google Wave .
Although Vaughn 's riffing skills remain in fine form , as do Wilson 's , the story makes every obvious and conventional choice .
Ohhhhhhhh -- the waste ! A really decent premise gets reduced to a cliched script with very little humor .
The first two thirds of the movie are rather tiresome , but the final third , although crammed with cliches , salvages the project enough to warrant your viewing -- at home .
Internship a Sincere , Surprising Simmer Sleeper
Kind of like when Gene Wilder and Richard Pryor tried to recapture the magic of SILVER STREAK and came out with ANOTHER YOU . THE INTERNSHIP is that kind of a failure . Avoid at all costs !
You can smell how desperate the guys are to make us laugh again , and it 's just not a funny odor .
There 's no creative spark to The Internship , just the depressing employment of a stale narrative structure and gags to promote an online behemoth whose name is either plastered on or uttered during nearly every frame of this dismal dud .
Once I realized that `` The Internship '' was n't going to be that good , it was n't that bad .
Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson 's cinematic reunion renders the Google-glorifying , Revenge of the Nerds ripoff irresistibly likable -- make that +1-able .
You may come away from it with your heart warmed and your feel-good comedy spot hit , but you wo n't come away from it remembering anything .
The stars deserve better material than this -- and they should n't wait another eight years to find some .
This limp outing plays like an extended improv session , in which all of the best jokes wound up in the trailer .
This is a good movie that another couple of screenplay drafts might have made a great movie . -LRB- Complete Content Details for Parents are also available -RRB-
It should n't be viewed as The Wedding Crashers 2 , as that will only raise expectations and create disappointment . But it works as a different , mainstream comedy .
The Internship is a big wet kiss to Google wrapped in a buddy comedy that asks us to believe that nobody over 40 knows anything about computers or the online universe .
How did this movie with Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn become so unfunny ?
The fact that this overlong , often preposterous comedy succeeds at all -LRB- which it does , only occasionally -RRB- proves that the Vaughn/Wilson charm can still work a measure of magic .
This is the biggest product placement in history , with the Google brand treated as something we should all happily bow down before . There 's something seriously disturbing in this .
Though by no means a good movie , The Internship floats along for fairly well for about half its length , thanks to the easy interplay between the two stars and a certain melancholic topicality .
The film becomes just one big product placement , with callow co-stars and by-the-numbers plotting .
Not much of a comedy , but still a nice heartfelt movie - if you can get past the fact that it is a gigantic recruitment ad for Google . Succeeds because Vaughn and Wilson still have that certain something .
-LSB- Y -RSB- et another reminder that improvisation is ... hardly a sturdy foundation for a feature-length movie -- even one that 's just an advertisement for a multinational corporation .
The film takes product placement to a new level ; as it is essentially a recruiting ad for Google . Get past that and it 's also a consistently funny comedy .
A big bowl of unflavored gelatin .
Pleasant ? On occasion . Laugh-out-loud funny ? Rarely . `` The Internship '' seems content to settle on middle-of-the-road . Such mediocrity would n't pass muster at Google , and it does n't here , either .
If you 're in the mood for a lighthearted film this is a pleasant and consistently funny crowd-pleaser .
The come-on is Google ; the sensibility is Adam Sandler .
More sentimental than comic .
It 's a blatant , two-hour commercial for a large and powerful corporation , the movie largely misunderstands its subject and it 's not that funny
The Internship eventually warms up with some big-hearted good will and affable chemistry between its two main stars , who make their performances appear to be totally improvised .
Levy 's so busy showing us the riderless cars and cheery Google bikes , he forgets to have his movie make any sense .
Everything about it feels stale : the actors , the story , the comedy , everything . And , to make matters worse , that everything goes on for an interminable two hours .
A movie sorely bereft of ideas , laughs and justification for the comic duo 's undifferentiating self-regard .
The director , Shawn Levy , and the writers , Mr. Vaughn and Jared Stern , have dreamed up a feel-good comedy that plays like a demo reel of déjà views .
-LSB- It -RSB- would be kind of charming ... if this Google-recruitment film , this 119-minute commercial for Googliness , were n't so downright creepy .
These are not the smarmy frat-boys who 've dominated the comic marquee for the past two decades with jiggle jokes and genital gags : These are two grown men who are capable of love , commitment and humility .
A big-studio release that , from start to gaga finish , is a hosanna to a single company , its products , philosophy and implicit politics .
A feature-length chunk of product placement masquerading as a comedy of teamwork and aspiration .
A movie so desperately unfunny it makes you want to slit your wrists ...
It has a numbingly predictable comeback-setback-comeback structure . But as dumb fun , it 's not too bad .
This is a movie that skates by on the sheer likability of its stars ; there are genuine laughs in the script co-written by Vaughn .
What do you get when you combine the dumbest and most formulaic kind of Hollywood dude comedy with the most smug and self-congratulatory grade of information-economy arrogance ?
It 's a well-timed comedy about unemployment , technology and the generation gap , and its comforting main message is that the world will always need the kind of guy known as a people person .
Here 's why Google is so successful : It 's figured out a way for Twentieth Century Fox to make a two-hour Google commercial disguised as a summer comedy .
The Internship shows such a cringe-worthy lack of chemistry and inspiration that it 's hard to believe we 're watching a reunion of the stars featured in one of the 2000s ' biggest comedy hits .
Who let an unfunny , irritatingly acted two-hour commercial for Google onto multiplex screens ?
so scattered and desperate that it 's like a Stephenie Meyer aficionado on a speed date
Levy turns Hollywood 's most flagrant product placements ever into a comedic advantage . Google products are everywhere yet without such cooperation the premise would be nowhere . The humor would be DOA , or even worse , AOL .
Most of the time , it seems like the actors are making up their own dialogue -- and not in a genius , Christopher Guest way but in a sloppy , retell-jokes-we 've - seen-in-better-movies way .
Not so much product placement in a movie as movie placement in a product .
If you are able to look past the giant commercial elephant in the room , `` The Internship '' is actually a sweet throwback to the formulaic comedies of the late 1970s and 1980s
Wedding Crashers it 's not , but the stars still make an agreeable pair , schooling their young colleagues on how to get blasted at a strip club and , in return , learning what HTML is .
The Internship takes a padded two hours to tell a thin story that buries its charm in emo-mongering and Google plugs .
If you 've ever thought to yourself , `` Yeah , I use Google -- as a search engine , a map , a translator , a verb -- but I wish there was a way to get more Google in my life , '' then you 're in luck .
There have been some horrible excuses for comedies this year , and it may be a backhanded compliment , but The Internship is not one of them .
A perfectly amiable comedy , this internship actually pays more benefits than we might expect .
... a vehicle that 's overstuffed , formulaic and dated right out of the gate -LSB- but -RSB- Vaughn and Wilson 's generosity allowing others to shine provides `` The Internship '' a basis for comedy sprung from genuine warmth .
Might as well call it Google : The Movie . Take the company out , and The Internship is n't only thin , it 's non-existent .
I 'm not sure what 's more upsetting : seeing how old Vaughn , Wilson and their material have suddenly gotten ; or seeing the ` Wedding Crashers ' duo prostituting themselves in the confines of a campus comedy set on the campus of Google .
Director Shawn Levy 's work has , as always , all the edge of a tub of margarine - he 's the guy who did `` Night at the Museum . '' And `` The Internship '' has the air of a promotional video for Google .
Product placement is one thing ; building a whole movie around the glorification of a multinational corporation is something else entirely .
It feels 20 minutes over-full at least . Cut out half of the `` Flashdance '' and `` X-Men '' references , and you 're halfway there .
The polar opposite of The Social Network , depicting innovation and intelligence as if they 're merely the fruits of ideas burped out by an aging slacker who does n't know when to shut up .
Surfs along on the goodwill Vaughn and Wilson plainly have for each other , and that we have for them .
A feature-length commercial filled with mediocre jokes .
`` The Internship '' does n't fail miserably , it just never takes a shot at success . It exists , and as has probably been the fate of many an intern at a huge internet company , it 's forgotten about almost immediately .
... The Internship is kind of a terrible movie and perhaps it 's sad to think it exists while some struggling would-be genius filmmaker ca n't get his project made due to lack of resources ...
Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson may be the worst interns since Monica Lewinsky .
The premise , like the whole movie , is far-fetched but enjoyable .
A too-long , one-note affair , predictably following the patterns of any fish-out-of-water comedy you can think of .
It 's a one-liner forged into a two-hour joke .
Plays it low and easy to get by while its sentiment is largely mummified , with significant feelings on job security and self-improvement lost to fingerpaint screenwriting and a series of pulled punches .
Where `` Wedding Crashers '' was naughty yet sweet , `` Internship '' is pseudo-edgy and safe . It 's like watching two aging frat brothers convince themselves they have n't lost a step .
The setting is a simulacrum of real life circa 2013 . The user has a choice of avatars , including virtual-reality versions of Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson that can reproduce the humor of `` Wedding Crashers '' with 65 percent accuracy .
Somehow much -- if certainly not all -- of the film works . Levy largely avoids the cynical and the crude , which is refreshing . Some bits are legitimately funny .
A good premise and a good cast flounder in search of a wittier script .
The pic 's unwavering charm keeps it afloat .
A Google commercial disguised as every other campus comedy ever made , with party-hearty nonsense and fish-out-of-water antics tempered down to PG-13 levels for maximum mediocrity .
Released during an especially lacklustre year in American comedy , The Internship breaks the trend by actually being funny . Not in any way a ground breaker , but better than most .
The film meanders agreeably enough through its predictable plot but takes a bit too much time out for facile life lessons and admiring depictions of Google 's corporate culture .


@highlight

The Internship weighs down Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson 's comic charisma with a formulaic script and padded running time that leans heavily on its stars ' easygoing interplay .