... a disappointingly half-baked horror effort that could -LRB- and should -RRB- have been so much better .
Wish Upon was garbage . It was n't scary , or tension-filled , or even interesting .
Although Wish Upon claims to be a teen horror flick , it fails to engage you or for that matter , bring on the jitters thanks to below average acting by its lead actors , mediocre direction and a weak script .
Wish Upon is awful , and even teases a sequel . I wish it into abstract hell
Wish Upon may serve as a good introduction to horror movies for 13-year-old girls , but it will be a dull watch for anyone else .
That 's the nicest thing I can say about Wish Upon : It reminds me of one of the most unintentionally hilarious scenes ever filmed .
Finding itself at a loss in how to deliver anything that even remotely resembles a scare or a chill , Wish Upon is uninspired and messy .
It wo n't do much for grown-ups , but a camp slumber-party classic is born .
It 's a contemporary telling of ` The Monkey 's Paw . '
I suppose we 're meant to interpret her selfishness as tragic proof that even the most sensible of teens ca n't resist shallow aspirations . Really , though , it 's just a feeble way of dragging out the plot .
Fashioning itself as a teen horror , Wish Upon is far too tame for most actual adolescents ...
Pitched at horror fans who like to be mildly unsettled rather than grossed out , Wish Upon is decently made , but essentially it 's a wet-afternoon watch .
Feels like the result of some kind of diabolical , chimpanzee-fingered pact .
Wishing this film out of existence right now .
Seldom has a teen protagonist been as annoying as the one in this high-concept high-school horror .
Funny this may be , but for all the wrong reasons .
Wish Upon is another example of everything wrong with horror movies : too safe to be scary , too boring to be worthy of interest , and too hilariously obvious to be taken seriously .
Wish Upon is a mess from initial premise , let alone its direction and editing - not even Hitchcock himself could 've saved this one .
All but the least demanding viewers will end up wishing they were watching a slightly better film .
Is n't likely to make much of an impression with dedicated genre fans , but should play well to its clearly targeted teen audience .
Fun `` Wish Upon '' Exceeds Expectations
Semi-horror film solvent at times , but almost always anemic . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Leonetti manages to create the right visual state for a horror film , but the tension and drama never emerge and only remain on a superficial plane . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Wish Upon is a singularly strange movie , teetering between intentional camp and pure clumsiness .
It 's as if the filmmakers were brainstorming ideas for the Dumb Ways to Die app and came up with a dumb movie instead .
This twisted supernatural thriller is a simplistic adaptation of W.W. Jacobs ' 1902 story `` The Monkey 's Paw . ''
This is forgettable stuff .
This film is a clear attempt to create a commercial success that will amuse but seems more focused on becoming a `` gold mine '' and for that reason loses authenticity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I do like the last scene . It 's quick , cutthroat and , considering the relative timidity of the horror throughout the majority of the picture , suitably shocking . It 's the other 95-percent that is n't good .
A spooky teen story that 's not particularly heavy on the scares and over-delivers on the unintentional giggles ,
It is hard to imagine that too many worse films will emerge during the rest of the year .
Simple , yet stupid . A magic box grants a teen wishes ... that do n't come free . Apparently they 're not making eighth graders read ` The Monkey 's Paw ' anymore .
... in a brisk 90 minutes it provides its audiences with a few shudders at the real horror show-high school .
King deserves a better starring role , because this is a script you would n't wish upon your worst enemy .
It 's a benign horror movie for grandma and her teenage grandkids to watch at the Cineplex on a lazy Sunday afternoon . Everyone else should avoid it like a demented musical Chinese wishing box .
It achieves the same kind of thrills that the Final Destination films did , but it also feels just as , if not even more , thin and dumb as those movies . Just go see something else at the cinema .
If a bit too familiar with echoes of Final Destination and Carrie , Wish Upon delivers the gruesome goods .
What would you wish for ? World peace ? Instagram fame ? Or maybe for Hollywood to stop making horror films so needlessly violent , so deeply cynical , so aggressively targeted at teenage girls .
This modern-day , teen-centric take on W. W. Jacobs ' classic horror story The Monkey 's Paw is a not-scary dud that suffers from both uninspired scares ad extremely shallow , annoying characters .
A bland B-movie that begs the question : How did this get made when so many good films never escape development purgatory ?
A reasonably fun combination of The Box and Final Destination , in which the protagonist takes far too long to understand the basic premise of the movie .
The usual idiotic decision-making is on display .
Wish Upon is neither scary , nor stylish , and it squanders a promising young cast on a dull and soulless story .
For cheap horror thrills , you can wish for better , but you can do much worse .
The splatter is deployed cautiously and sometimes wittily , the story moving briskly from wishes granted to costs exacted ...
... at the risk of supernatural consequences for my saying this , I wish we had better .
The kind of good-natured dumb silliness that 's hard to stay mad at , like an idiotic puppy .
I had two wishes of my own . One was that it would be over already and the second was that if the first could n't be granted , at least what was offered could have been better . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - Available -RRB-
The very core of this kind of teen summer schlock , Wish Upon will only be remembered as a laughable neighbor to the Wishmaster series .
This generic PG-13 horror flick is boring , the kills are cut worse than the characters demise and you do n't really care about Clare 's plight .
The blunt momentum of the movie 's plot starts to sag , with tin-eared dialogue making it obvious that the the story ca n't possibly offer up much more than variations on one ridiculous idea again and again .
Wish Upon is n't just a tired horror retread , it 's been tranquilized and sleepwalks through every lame development
There 's neither tension ... nor humor , except laughing at how much setup goes into so little payoff .
Wish Upon is n't a genre changer , but it 's better than it needs to be while delivering the PG-rated goods .
The film 's final moments are a total gut punch I definitely did not see coming , and I applaud Leonetti for doing something as ballsy as he does with Wish Upon 's finale .
Never goes far enough to truly scare anyone . Even easy-to-please teens might wish for their time back .
Horror-movie protagonists should know better than to make wishes on mysterious ancient artifacts .
A deeply silly midsummer lark that makes up for the fact that it 's about nothing by being incredibly entertaining .
The most interesting part of watching this movie is trying to decide if the main character deserves to live or die .
In this somewhat disappointing summer at the movies , Wish Upon offers a welcome glimmer of magic .
Cleverly explores the evils of modern privilege ... but it could have been scarier .
Had director John R. Leonetti the slightest interest in the inner lives of teenage girls -LRB- i.e. , at least half the film 's characters -RRB- , Wish Upon would n't so often mistake `` light '' for `` silly . ''
Leonetti offers no suspense or surprises and ca n't get a decent performance out of anyone .
Beyond middle-schoolers , it 's unclear who would enjoy this derivative , cliche-filled exercise in horror lite .
Clare pleads with her nondescript gal pals Meredith and June for help fighting the box . `` Throw it away ! You 'll feel much better ! '' June says . Presumably , she was n't referring to a ticket to see this movie .
The best thing you can say about it is that the acting is alright , there are a few decently executed moments of nastiness , the whole thing is in focus and you can understand what 's being said .
Teen-oriented thriller is a serviceable and well-produced slice of supernatural horror .
It 's a summer movie that delivers a lowest-common-denominator good time , and mostly succeeds .
Though it 's actually well-made from a purely technical standpoint , the grim efficiency of the execution ca n't overcome the essential silliness of the premise .
King throws herself into the high school melodrama of Wish Upon , but the movie buries her range-from flustered infatuation to horror-flick panic-under a mountain of unbelievable behavior and tin-eared dialogue .
More funny than frightening , and not enough of that either .
Off the top of my head , I ca n't think of another fright film with a cheerful scene devoted to purse shopping .
The people who populate `` Wish Upon '' ... seem to have the brains God gave Diet Coke .
This horror flick is so predictable it feels not raw but antiseptic .
It 's a savage takedown of the capitalist urge , which forces all of us to ignore the misery upon which our happiness rests - or it would be if its filmmakers had even realized it .
What 's most remarkable about the film is how it 's somehow even worse than that sounds .
`` Wish Upon '' is a pretty bad movie . But its badness is of such a distinct and kooky character that it ca n't help but exert an inadvertent charm .
Wish Upon is a Final Destination redux that pulls too many punches .
Perhaps Clare should 've have wished for new editors as well .
The only wish that ends up satisfyingly granted is , in Wish Upon 's final and utterly predictable tableau , the audience 's .
Wish Upon is yet another high-concept , low-budget -LRB- here : $ 12 million -RRB- enterprise that aims to make a fast buck with minimal effort .

@highlight

Wish Upon is neither scary nor original , but its fundamental flaws as a horror movie may make it destination viewing for after-midnight camp genre enthusiasts .