The romantic notion that there exists one very special person ... one you 'll want to be with for the rest of your life , is at the heart and soul of Scott Spencer 's novel Endless Love , which now arrives in its second , superior incarnation on the big screen .
As it is , the film is just crappy , sappy , PG-13 Valentine 's Day drivel .
In the newest version , blonde goddess Gabriella Wilde gets gooey with Viking-looking dude Alex Pettyfer while the adults cluck their withered tongues .
Happy Valentine 's Day , everyone ! Do n't spend it watching Endless Love .
Like fast food , Endless Love feels engineered to satisfy in the moment without providing any sort of nutritional value .
Endless Love may well resonate with young women who dream of falling in love with a sexy bad boy , the rest of us will view it as forgettable romantic escapism .
There is no point here . This is a film about beautiful , rich , white , privileged teenagers falling in love because - oh , look - I 'm so beautiful and the only thing more amazing than me is me falling in love .
for a younger audience seeking out a serious exploration of teen sexuality , Endless Love will prove to be soporific and - most disappointing of all - sexually tepid and timid .
None of the players exhibits much personality , but it 's hard to fault them , given how thinly the characters have been imagined by screenwriters Shana Feste and Joshua Safran .
Things go desperately wrong after the opening promise ...
Smart couples can surely find more diverting ways of soaking up Valentine 's Day .
Shana Feste 's bland and timid remake will be lucky to be remembered beyond this paragraph .
Feste is not exactly a masterful button pusher , but she has a clear goal in mind and she achieves it admirably .
For all its flaws , Endless Love 's saving grace is that it is not in fact endless and that you will get to leave the cinema sooner or later .
If you 're a stranger to Mills and Boon or movies like The Notebook , it can be said , with a decent degree of probability , that Endless Love will require endless patience . But it 's not without its positives .
The two stars are too old for their roles but Bruce Greenwood keeps everything grounded with a strong performance .
If there 's any obsession or intensity in this movie , it belongs to Jade 's father - a detail that throws the movie somewhat off kilter .
Endless Love never tries to look beneath that pretty surface . Or maybe it does n't dare , knowing there 's nothing to be found .
It 's formulaic and predictable , but with its two appealing leads and romantic notions , this Hollywood style Romeo and Juliet melodrama about forbidden love , caters perfectly for its young target market as they discover a love that is worth fighting for
Tepid , maudlin melodrama not worth revisiting ...
The love-conquers-all narrative bears as much resemblance to real life as The Lego Movie , but for all its blandness , Endless Love will be pure catnip for its target audience of teen girls .
A super-bland tale of love and heartbreak set in a world so soft focus that the strains of Lionel Richie and Diana Ross would seem alarmingly edgy .
Mawkish folderol ... so glossy and bland that you 'd swear it had migrated from the CW onto the big screen , and feel yourself inclined to doze off as it unspools .
Finally , a love story for attractive white people .
Those of us still scarred by the memory of Franco Zeffirelli 's 1981 mega-dose of romantic sludge ... have every right to fear this remake . Thankfully the only thing it has in common with that film is the title . It 's been scratch-built from the ground up .
It 's just as forgettable as the original . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
A little insipid for cynical adults but the sunny settings and forbidden-love story should woo romantic tweens .
This movie has no idea how letters of acceptance work , how airports work , how relationships work .
This is not a film about love , and all the joy , pain and heartbreak that comes along with it ; but it sure does feel endless .
It 's a movie-length cliché about the type of love that explains why drugstores are stocked with cheap , forgettable Valentine 's Day gifts bought by teenagers and the immature at heart .
The same glossy , generic pap that passes for big-screen romance these days .
An intense but bungled love story that focuses on the middle-aged angst of a controlling father .
Endless Love lives up to its name . It 's purgatory .
This remake has almost nothing to do with Spencer 's novel . It 's the kind of film you make when you 've run out of Nicholas Sparks books .
Every generation deserves its own Say Anything , it 's own Some Kind of Wonderful . Every generation , however , is n't lucky enough to have its own John Hughes , or its own Cameron Crowe .
Teen girls may be only ones to enjoy melodramatic remake .
There was endless potential for this film but the story only allows `` Endless Love '' to be good for the first hour .
Why does Hollywood continue to starve audiences longing for a good romantic tearjerker ? Endless Love did n't have to be this godawful .
Shana Feste 's film is as cornily trashy as they come , but kind of fun if you 're in the right mood for some undemanding candyfloss or a good old emotional wallow .
Sanitised re-make of Zeffirelli 's cult dud .
`` Endless Love '' is n't so much a remake of the 1981 Franco Zeffirelli film as it is an extended ad for the idyllic Abercrombie & Fitch lifestyle .
... the film overstays its welcome to a degree that 's nothing short of disastrous .
A jaw-dropping groanfest of teen romance cliches ...
It 's the greatest love story no one ever wanted told .
There are a lot of `` of course '' moments in `` Endless Love . '' The machinations of the plot grind again and again , and eventually too frequently . What is also difficult to deny is how assured director Shana Feste is at evoking a gushy , swoon-worthy mood .
Unlike Zeffirelli 's film , the new remake has little that will make it memorable even a year from now .
This is the stuff of pure nonsensical romance , almost nothing resembling what we might understand adolescence or love to be .
Director Shana Feste has emulsified both the plot and the characters , resulting in a love story with all the texture of Pablum .
This new `` Endless Love '' does n't have enough going on to make it memorably terrible : Banality is its gravest sin .
Wilde has one of those faces cameras love , thus her other career as a model . There are suggestions in `` Endless '' that she might have acting talent too . But the director rarely asks .
Might as well be one long montage of yearning gazes , tender kisses and lovers splashing in sundry bodies of water like playful otters .
Endless Love tells the story of star-crossed lovers , beautifully .
There are remakes , readaptations and reboots , and then there is `` Endless Love , '' a movie that bears almost no resemblance to its source material whatsoever .
A glossy , Nicholas Sparksish wallow .
This stinker is only good for endless laughs .
A box of Valentine 's Day sweets that 's rather too sugary , `` Endless Love '' goes even milder than the campy , nougat-filled 1981 Brooke Shields version .
-LSB- An -RSB- air-brushed , simple-minded remake ...
Maybe the biggest disappointment about this new `` Endless Love '' is that the book on which it is based is a smart , beautifully written novel . Unfortunately , the remake is even less like the novel than the first movie was . It 's also even worse .
No amount of candy and flowers will minimize the damage this feckless film will do to romantic intentions .
What does this new version offer ? A different set of actors , a Valentine 's Day release date and kissing . Lots of kissing . Kissing in place of character development and dialogue , even entire kissing montages where a meaningful plot should be .
Though the acting always teeters on the brink of terrible and you 'd think twice about lining a budgie cage with pages from the screenplay , there is something tremendously entertaining about the experience that never quite wears off .
A sunny , overlong pastiche of tropes , the kind that suggest love involves nothing more than holding hands and jumping off a dock into a lake , or having slow , teary-eyed sex in front of a fireplace , inexplicably blazing in mid-June .
If only genuine Nicholas Sparks adaptations could derail as gloriously as Endless Love .
Endless Love promises a sweeping melodrama about impetuous teenagers whose undeniable love defies their parents ' comparative prudence , and it definitely delivers just that .
Much of the film is told in mystifying and occasionally disturbing close-ups , suggesting parody more than evoking emotional resonance .
A movie just begging to go up in the flames of camp . If only somebody had brought a match .
The real victim in all of this is Spencer , who is still writing books and must watch his tragic novel about dangerous obsession and true heartbreak get mangled anew every two generations .
Shana Feste 's flatly generic update manages to make Franco Zeffirelli 's gauzy 1981 romance look like a masterpiece of psychosexual intrigue .
Shana Feste 's endlessly lame `` Endless Love '' remake turns the obsessive sexual heat way down from the infamous 1981 Brooke Shields vehicle - while also tossing out the tragedies of Scott Spencer 's acclaimed source novel .
It 's too early for me to call this the worst movie of 2014 , but it 's certainly the worst thus far . Endless Love is an interminable mess .
It may prove too bland even for its target audience .
Alas , the movie just went on ; not quite endlessly , but almost .
A blah 1981 film becomes a bland one 33 years later in Endless Love .
Imagine if Star Wars was the cinematic adaptation of Bridget Jones 's Diary , and that 's as close as co-writer/director Shana Feste gets to the source material here .
The plotting -- significantly more tame and less convoluted than that of the 1981 Franco Zeffirelli original -- is clichéd and facile , with David as the heartthrob so perfect that even his criminal record serves as proof of his moral fiber .
... Endless Love is silly and trumped up , though it may do something for tween girls dreaming over Pettyfer .
I 'm surprised my ticket to Endless Love did n't come with a complimentary pint of Häagen-Dazs and a bottle of red wine - usual supplements to such gratuitous emotional pornography .
This remake strips away everything that made the 1981 Brooke Shields romance so scandalous . Re-designed for 12-year-old girls , this version of Scott Spencer 's novel plays like a dreamy Nicholas Sparks-style fantasy .
More like swoonless .
As a review of the earlier film memorably noted , buying the book is less expensive and will be more satisfying than the movie .
Shana Feste 's film seems blissfully unaware that great fights require truly substantial conflicts .
The film is n't bad as far as these things go . A lot of it is due to the cast , as the leading couple create some believable sparks .
If the movie works at all -LRB- and I think it does -RRB- , it 's as a swoony love story threatened by a basic , cornball Oedipal drama . But for a film that 's coming out on Valentine 's Day , that more than passed as respectable .
Painfully clichéd and utterly predictable , this is a truly dismal romantic drama that 's scuppered by flat direction , dreadful dialogue and chemistry-free performances from the two leads . Come back Nicholas Sparks , all is forgiven .
Not your parents ' `` Endless Love '' . Well-acted , but in re-interpreting the story , much of the drama has been stripped from it .
It 's genuinely wretched stuff , clunky and manipulative and seemingly endless despite its relatively lean running time .
An excruciatingly maudlin piece of cinema .
Shockingly not terrible , and says some things that need to be said more often , like how dads do not own their teenaged daughters .
This is supposed to be a movie about obsession . Instead it 's just cupcake meets beefcake , with a big glass of milk on the side .
A flowerier adaptation of the Scott Spencer romance than Zeffirelli 's '80s version , it 's tailor-made for the Nicholas Sparks crowd .
Endless Love is the type of film that resorts to big soundtrack moments to let viewers know how they should be feeling , which has the effect of highlighting the movie 's failings even more .
Pettyfer and Wilde -LRB- both Brits -RRB- look the part in a soft-drinks-commercial way , but their characters might as well be called Ken and Barbie for all the depth they bring .
Captures the exuberance of adolescents .

@highlight

Blander than the original Endless Love and even less faithful to the source material , this remake is clichéd and unintentionally silly .