... overall , Ridley Scott 's The Counselor is a mess , and falls somewhere on the spectrum between `` not good '' and `` ambitious debacle '' .
A masterful film , one that succeeds in conveying the nature of a cold , uncaring cosmos with remorseless tenacity .
For all its perceptible pleasures , one 's left to ask how well-served any of its talents were in the first place .
With the exception of Bardem 's hilarity , Fassbender 's plumbing the depths of great grief , and Pitt and Rubén Blade 's gangster poetics , the word for the film overall is ` Meh . '
-LSB- McCarthy -RSB- reminds us -LRB- with a particularly American sensibility -RRB- that this world is broken and tragic and not fair , and that pushing past that fact too fast is an error we ca n't afford to make , for the good of our souls .
At least Bardem continues to make the case that he does n't have a bad performance in him , even in a film as lackluster as this .
The movie is full of odd one-on-one conversations that may exasperate those who want the film to get to the point , but the dialogue is the point .
Despite some lovely exchanges and cracking lines , The Counsellor is too complex and wordy for its own good .
McCarthy 's script is a huge misfire . Adapt this into a full-fledged novel , where an author can detail a character 's history , beats , and motivations , and then you likely have a successful medium .
The Counselor is an ugly , ugly picture , even despite its absurdly attractive leads .
With moments of true greatness and strong performances , the film still ultimately fails to live up to its potential for surprising reasons , while still being one of this year 's most fascinating films to think about and discuss .
This is n't a thriller , this is far more than that : it 's a journey to a very dark , very real place on Earth .
Half navel-gazing and half despair , and both feel like McCarthy 's writing hallmarks wrenched tight to the point of self-parody . Even if that 's the case , it 's only involving in spasms , and the good parts go nowhere he has n't been before .
McCarthy and Scott capitalize their themes : this is The End . This is The End of the Road , the End of Civilization , the End of Capitalism . This is n't neo-noir , it 's über-noir .
I think I liked The Counselor ?
You get the feeling that there 's an extremely interesting story unfolding , but we 're constantly on the periphery and there 's not nearly enough substance to sink your teeth into .
The plot is boring , who-cares nonsense . I think it 's just unbelievably weird , and not only because Cameron Diaz screws a car .
The script , packed with pretentious lines and silly dialogue , manages to dull even the most exciting and provocative parts of this story .
Whatever else happens in this movie , the woman who fucks a car is most audacious , most incomprehensible and the most deeply banal emblem , the limit of men 's imaginations .
It 's filthy , nasty , sexy , absurd , appalling , and exhilarating , and it succeeds as a musky union of novelist Cormac McCarthy 's bleakness and Ridley Scott 's sense of chic .
A spectacular feeding frenzy
Looking at the pedigree of the talent involved , and the oddly subdued damp squib that they eventually turned out , it 's a weirdly gratifying task figuring out exactly how it all went wrong .
Blah bloody blah .
With Ridley Scott at the helm and the starriest of A-list casts , The Counsellor may come with lashings of Hollywood gloss , but do n't bargain on any Hollywood sugar-coating of McCarthy 's customary nihilism .
It is well worth seeing . But it is the product of a clash between two very different sensibilities , those of its author , Cormac McCarthy , and its director , Ridley Scott .
Despite some lovely exchanges and cracking lines , The Counsellor is too complex and wordy for its own good , so it 's Cormac 1 , Scott 0 .
Frustratingly directionless and unconcerned with detail , but fans of the writer will feel right at home wallowing through fresh reams of his trademark bleak prose .
It is like watching a group of decent , polite people trying to cope with the arrival of a certifiable lunatic to their hitherto civilised party .
Almost , but not quite , hilariously demented - if accidentally so - drama about sex and death , and why not to get involved with drug cartels .
The Counsellor is a cold , pessimistic film that feels especially unforgiving . McCarthy 's script is far too distanced for its own good and requires more from its audience than it is prepared to give back .
The result is so much ponderous dialogue that , peaceable chap though I am , I found myself longing for another merciless act of vengeance .
All those wasted high-end wardrobes .
It aims for the watchability of ` The Big Sleep , ' a film so tangled even its author , Raymond Chandler , could n't explain certain plot mysteries .
The narrative pings around as meaninglessly and entertainingly as a pinball machine at first , but the comic timing feels off ...
It 's regrettable enough that the film opens with coy pillow talk between the main protagonist and his lover . Even worse is the realisation that this scene is intended as an appetite whetting pre-credits sequence , complete with dramatic score .
This film proves that all the right ingredients do n't necessarily make a movie work . Even with top-drawer filmmakers and actors , this dramatic thriller simply never grabs our interest .
An inert , dispiriting , detached , disjointed , counterfeit and clumsy film ...
Disappointing thriller that 's let down by an overly-written script that 's so in love with its own dialogue that it neglects to provide a coherent or engaging story .
As you 'd expect from Scott , the action is efficient , clinical and nasty . If only the same could be said of McCarthy 's dialogue , which always sounds pretty but too often lapses into profound irrelevance .
It 's just a very bad idea for a film , proficiently executed .
This is one review where you do n't need to worry about spoilers . I could n't tell you how it all pans out even if I wanted to .
What a letdown . ` The Counselor ' is a rambling mess with a talented cast that 's far superlative to its tedious screenplay .
As viscerally promising as the McCarthy-Scott combination initially seemed , the result is nourishing on a purely intellectual level ; it works in your head , but you never feel it in your bones .
A great writer 's pompous idea of pulp fiction , treated with stultifying seriousness by everyone else involved .
... at least in No Country these conversations ended with a cattle gun to the head .
Ridley Scott finally gets to put Cormac McCarthy on the screen . It 's no No Country , but despite its less successful elements is shocking , powerful and - this just in - more gorgeously written than any movie you 'll see this year .
Ridley Scott 's latest film is occasionally a little too willfully obscure for its own good , but it still rates as a top-notch and highly original crime thriller .
The Counselor is a chore of a movie to watch and even the cast 's collective talent ca n't save it from its brain-numbing dialogue .
With no apparent interest in restraint , director Ridley Scott provides a glossily sordid scenic tour of the high-end Mexican drug trade ... high production values , bloodshed and drug dealing do n't add up to much more than an uninvolving time killer .
A film about a bunch of people you do n't like doing things you do n't understand for reasons you do n't care about .
To use an old cricketing quip : The Counselor has all the gear but no idea .
The go-for-broke bleakness of the whole thing seems to have re-energized Scott , who manages to avoid the dramatic inertia of his recent films .
Like Fassbender 's counsellor , Scott is playing with dark-hearted individuals of whom he has no real understanding . From the outset , he was on a path to a beating and his audience takes the brunt of it .
Yet even if The Counselor fails to live up to its hype , with its snappy dialogue and satisfying action sequences , it is a good bit of naughty fun .
Each scene serves as little more than an index card for the mechanistic plot , which Scott films in a glossy and fluid style befitting an industrial promotion for the movie 's high-tech weaponry .
I got the distinct impression that somewhere , just off screen , the real story was taking place , leaving said screen filled with the asides , the circumlocutions , and the ancillary moments that , while adding color , do nothing to advance the actual story
The only thing more shocking than The Counselor 's frequent head-poppings and Diaz 's acrobatic automobile display is how underwhelming this pedigreed crime thriller truly is .
After more than a decade of trying to make camera-shaking , brain-dead action hits , he seems to have returned to his proper place as an arthouse director .
Evidently , the film 's raison d'etre proves to be its spectacular undoing . McCarthy 's script is awful : bogged down with leaden dialogue that prolongs scenes for no reason .
Every element of the film is designed for maximum impact , no matter how small its part in the big picture
Intriguing from the get-go , Ridley Scott 's superbly directed thriller distinguishes itself by its complex , colourful and mostly bad characters ... Greed and lust are the drivers and it is one hell of a ride
This is one fine neo-noir , expertly directed by Ridley Scott with a host of superlative star turns , and an arresting , challenging screenplay by Cormac McCarthy
... feels more literary than cinematic , with a character-driven approach that requires patience but does n't always reward it .
The Counselor delves into the abject amorality of criminality . It 's a devastating examination of greed and grief in the overwhelming wilds of apathy ; you 'll love it if you like that sort of thing .
The Counselor plays better when you realize it 's Mr. Bean with Michael Fassbender instead of Rowan Atkinson . It 's ahead of its time . In 25 years , there 's a chance that it may be regarded as a modern classic .
Good actors , great director , brilliant writer - how could `` The Counselor '' turn out to be such a boring mess ?
Bleak Counselor is more Cormac than Ridley
A Counselor in need of advice
A dark , disturbing and stylish thriller that portrays the fatal consequences of greed within a world without grace when dealing with devils who know no boundaries .
Dull decadence derby , doomed by decorous debauchery and doltish death-dealing .
Sometimes The Counselor suggests Rob Zombie trying to do Samuel Beckett , only with more words .
A film that fascinates me in its sheer eccentricity , and eccentricity is not much seen in mainstream film these days -- at least not this extravagantly .
The Counselor is the cumbersome end product of a high-minded writer trying to slum and a slick director aiming for cosmic depth .
As a screenwriter , the 80-year-old -LSB- McCarthy -RSB- turns out to be a great novelist .
It 's not so much a bad film as it is a disappointing one . A very disappointing one .
It 's like a mumblecore movie about a bunch of Sarah Lawrence philosophy majors , made by coked-up rich people for 100 bajillion dollars .
Nothing Makes Sense
... an excellent reminder of why even our best novelists should be discouraged from writing for the screen ... a ludicrous , laughably over-the-top attempt to one-up ` No Country for Old Men . '
Stimulating and seductively dark -- a smart , challenging neo-noir .
Even if the film failed to win me over , this all-star thriller is not a total misfire , if only it were firing more than just impressive looking blanks .
Like David Fincher 's Se7en , one of this movie 's closest spiritual cousins , The Counselor ultimately delivers a diagnosis that tells the awful truth .
Disappointing .
Unfortunately , the first screenplay by Cormac McCarthy tries to spice up a torrid fish-out-of-water crime thriller with cryptic existential literary language -LRB- read : pretentious -RRB- that is better read than spoken .
What went wrong ? I am sad to say , the script by Cormac McCarthy . It just does n't work . And who can even follow this thing ? It starts out under the sheets and quite frankly should have stayed there .
At its best , this film is reminiscent of the philosophical slant often taken by the Coen brothers . At its worst , it recalls the excesses of latter-day Oliver Stone .
No complaints about the acting or Ridley Scott 's directing and cinematography . They are superb . Cormac McCarthy 's writing is not so impressive .
Fails to generate a feeling that we are seeing something that means much .
Bleak and formidable , this brutal , depressing , cautionary tale may be an actor 's dream but it 's an audience 's nightmare : a muddled mess of a movie .
a bore and a chore
The Counselor is a novelist-turned-screenwriter experiment likely to be met with mixed reception between the ` get it ' and ` do n't get it ' types in the audience .
Novelists do n't always make good screenwriters-this is the first film for which McCarthy has written the screenplay himself-and The Counselor 's nihilism soon becomes tedious .
Indulgent , but slick and endlessly quotable .
Gripping , violent drama about dangers of the drug trade .
Cormac McCarthy 's manly grade of nihilism , pseudo-biblical prose and extreme acts of violence fill a plot-driven story that shows startlingly little interest in plot , character development or exposition .
In all this philosophizing and frequently excellent dialogue , no one has been able to come up with a good idea on where it should go .
The endlessly enigmatic conversations and continual introduction of characters who never get defined for us -LRB- let alone fleshed out -RRB- finally make the movie arid , repetitive and hollow .
The director who made Thelma and Louise and Alien fails to bring any spine to the gelatinous narrative , and as a result , the movie pretty much feels like a puddle of protoplasm without any meaningful form .
The Counselor is a minor drama about characters masquerading as a painfully slow thriller and an unfortunate waste of talent on both sides of the camera .
The Counselor shows that some authors should write directly for the screen and others are better off adapted .
Both one of the best AND one of the worst movies of the season .
I 'm all for movies that do n't hold your hand , but ambiguity should not be mistaken for intelligence .
Tidbits of trashy , eyebrow-raising fun but ... the characters are n't very bright , and the movie gets dumber ...
Based on Cormac McCarthy 's first original script , The Counselor is as brutal , philosophical and bleak as you would expect from his books . As directed by Ridley Scott , it is also a talky , shapeless , confusing mess .
Some scenes seem almost superfluous until you realize the subtle light they cast on the characters .
Movies can be like undercover cops : They become too enamored of the worlds they explore .
a tale so loose limbed parts of the plot have almost been amputated ... The film 's like an elite distant cousin to Michael Bay 's `` Pain and Gain . ''
` The Counselor , ' tries to pass itself off as a vibrant crime thriller , but unfortunately winds up being a disappointing psycho-sexual mishmash that plays out like McCarthy 's Greatest Hits of gloom and doom .
All but certain to irritate general audiences and crater at the box office , The Counselor is nevertheless perversely fascinating -- half misfire and half inspired .
Take it all in and enjoy and worry about the counseling you 'll need later .
Verbose and nonsensical as it is , there 's a cackling unpredictability to it compelling it forward , where you know you 're never far from something unspeakably awful happening
It seems impossible that a stellar cast under the guidance of such a gifted filmmaker and writer would be a step above awful .
`` The Counselor '' is a ludicrous tale of greed , betrayal and extreme violence -- and NOT in a good or entertaining way .
The dialogue is crisp and refreshing , and even though the story is largely predictable , it still maintains its suspense and shock value .
Scott presents it all well enough , generating a fair bit of suspense at times , but McCarthy 's script is empty , thinking it 's profound when it 's merely vague and confusing .
Cormac McCarthy 's ideas are big and powerful enough to remain intact despite the film 's problems .
In spite of all the A-listers , an empty , nasty piece of work .
You realize the characters easily could have gone all Yoda and said something like ` With fire you play , burned you will be ' and still got the point across with a far greater economy of words . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
The action is all but blatantly telegraphed , even as McCarthy keeps shuttling his characters around from Amsterdam to Mexico .
The Counselor -LSB- is -RSB- a droning meditation on capitalism in the form of a thriller about cocaine trading on the Tex-Mex border .
The film seems an hour longer than it is , with too many scenes that go nowhere .
There are some really interesting aspects to The Counselor , but its intricate attempts only get more and more tangled up in its knots of cryptic ambiguousness . It 's as if it experiments with having so many meanings that it literally has no meaning .
Director Ridley Scott and screenwriter Cormac McCarthy should be sued for their existential abomination , The Counselor .
An absorbing thriller that favours vivid characters , profound ideas and Old Testament morals over propulsive plotting and set-pieces . With lots of blood .
`` The Counselor '' is guilty on all counts .
The film might be a real hoot if everyone had gone over the top , but the actors all seem too awkward and uneasy for that to really happen . It 's as if they 're all thinking , `` Wait , is this script by Cormac McCarthy really as bad as it sounds ? ''
A big disappointment considering the great director -LRB- Ridley Scott -RRB- , writer -LRB- Cormac McCarthy -RRB- and cast -LRB- Fassbender , Pitt , Diaz , Bardem -RRB- . Never quite sure where it wants to go .
McCarthy has a Biblical sense of evil , palpable in his dark novels , but his attempts to shock us in The Counselor fall as flat as his studied dialogue and contrived characters .
Overwrought soliloquies about auto eroticism , snuff films and mechanical strangulation devices do not a ` Hamlet ' make .
It 's a familiar world of secular finality littered with absurd and eccentric extremes : `` No Country For Old Men '' on a bender .
The new `` Osterman Weekend '' of major motion pictures .
It 's ultimately difficult to know just what to make of The Counselor ...
This is not so much a character study as it is a study of attitude .
The type of beast that would require , and satisfy , in the constant flipping back of pages to re-read .
One of the biggest problems is that the film gives us no one to root for -- we could care less about anyone in the film . The story meanders randomly from character to character , and there are a lot of them , without any meaningful connective tissue .
Inevitability is a theme foreshadowed and then played out in grisly fashion throughout The Counselor , which is crammed with so much nihilistic philosophizing that it makes the fatalistic tirades of Killing Them Softly seem like Fried Green Tomatoes .
Good ideas and gorgeous talk get lost in an awkward , over-the-top , you 've got to be kidding me mess . Other writers are better at adapting his ideas for film than he is .
McCarthy 's self-importance combined with Scott 's make an uncomfortable fit .
Incoherent to the point of being incomprehensible , Ridley Scott 's new film The Counselor , from a first-time -LRB- terrible -RRB- screenplay by novelist Cormac McCarthy , represents a low point for both of these highly acclaimed artists . It 's a total mess .
`` The Counselor '' is bleak , bleak , bleak for mainstream studio cinema , but does that really matter when a motion picture is as exquisitely helmed and stirringly envisioned as this one ?
It 's all style , no substance , and a prime example of how a bad script can shackle a first-rate cast .
Sexy , complicated , smart , violent . Cool .
The Counselor is uniquely awful .
For a beautiful film , `` The Counselor '' is unbearably ugly , and to little real point .
It 's like getting a fortune cookie that reads , ` Life is meaningless and then you die . ' Whether you agree or not , is that really what you go to the movies to hear ?
Some of it works blisteringly well , but `` The Counselor '' has issues that might have been solved if it had been a novel rather than a screenplay .
It contains memorable dialogue , vivid characters and several superb scenes , and yet it still manages to be wrong , a complete miscalculation .
Considering the deep bench of A-list talent involved , Ridley Scott 's new Southwestern noir , The Counselor , is a jaw-dropping misfire .
May be the most unpleasant movie experience of 2013 , at least intentionally .
Nearly every plot twist is telegraphed by reams of stilted dialogue provided by novelist Cormac McCarthy in his first original screenplay .
How could a movie with all that talent be so awful ?
While The Counselor certainly has passages that are memorable , it 's also readily apparent that its style does n't mesh with its content .
The Counselor is all cars and stars and meaninglessness - or , paraphrase the song of the moment , bloodstains , bespoke suits and cheetahs on a jeweled leash .
As cold , precise and soulless as the diamonds that figure briefly in its plot , `` The Counselor '' is an extremely unpleasant piece of business .
An uncommonly erudite thriller built around the pulpiest of stories .
This movie is a hot mess . And it 's damn entertaining .
Everyone 's speech is awash in gaudy psycho-blather and Yoda-like observations .
Mr. Scott 's seriousness is n't always well served by the scripts he films , but in Mr. McCarthy he has found a partner with convictions about good and evil rather than canned formula .
-LSB- A -RSB- gaudy pseudo-existential crime drama .
The cast is all but suffocated by the sententious dialogue of an airless drama .
In its cross-cultural breadth , director Ridley Scott 's smart and violent film merits comparison to Steven Soderbergh 's `` Traffic , '' but the dialogue delivered by the stellar cast is incomparably McCarthy 's .
A legendary filmmaker and a Pulitzer Prize-winning author tackle exotic locales , twisted crime and a man in over his head , and somehow produce two hours of baffling tedium .
Those sounds you hear are the sighs of relief from Ben Affleck and Justin Timberlake . Runner Runner is no longer 2013 's worst thriller .
If The Counselor is a failure , it 's at least a fascinating one .
Terrible -- nasty , ultra-violent and borderline incoherent .
Suffers from its flash over substance strategies . It 's a waste of time and talent .
It escalates into a spin through wilder country , and a meditation on bigger themes .
`` The Counselor '' is a disaster on nearly every level , but it all starts with McCarthy 's muddled , mean-spirited screenplay .
You can have an all-time great director and a cast of award-winners but without an interesting story or something to say , they 're just people hanging around the craft services table .
The Counselor is more Wild Things than No Country for Old Men , with which it shares a border town setting . But at least Wild Things knew what it was .
There are good things in The Counselor , but The Counselor is not a good film .
It does n't add up to much , but it 's an entertaining journey .
Even with all of McCarthy 's undeniably intelligent consideration of the underlying issues of the world in which people like this exist , he never gives us a reason to want to visit it .
`` The Counselor '' must have looked great on paper , but you ca n't believe a word of it .
Wait , who IS this guy ? Where did he come from ? Did I miss something ?
It 's an OK movie that seems like it should have been a great one , but falls well short of that mark .
Ultimately , this dull tour of a thieving , primal underworld is just a lot of high-talking hogwash .
The narrative twists itself into pretzels trying to stay ahead of the audience .
Though it hints at so much promise , The Counselor never quite hits you in the way you would hope . The pieces may be there , but it never finds the panache to put them all together .
`` The Counselor '' becomes a rough viewing experience . Challenging , even .
With Fassbender a blank patsy in one corner , and Diaz and Bardem hot-blooded horror shows in another , none of the actors or characters of The Counselor ever seem to exist together ...
Cormac McCarthy 's first original script is nearly all dialogue , but it 's a lousy story , ineptly constructed and rendered far too difficult to follow .
Deeply convoluted , and at times howlingly insane . But it knows it makes no sense . In fact , it rubs our faces in it .
An odd yet fascinating extension to -LSB- Cormac McCarthy 's -RSB- violent literary oeuvre .
McCarthy 's voice comes through strongly enough to excuse the film 's excesses and cast its more generic plot elements in a new light .
It 's a dark film , offering unsettling images and uncomfortable situations , and it has moments of greatness , just not enough of them to generate a riveting sit .
A stack of `` scene work '' that will keep acting classes thrumming for years .
The only joy is in a horrified desire to see what craziness happens next .
This tony crime thriller exploits the brutality of the Central American drug trade for shock value but transpires mainly in the cool , moneyed world of the callous rich .
Scott manages to have it both ways , succeeding as a nervy meditation on greed and fate while at the same time flaunting a slightly campy , showboating energy that always keeps the proceedings lively .
The Counselor is a very bad film , and I suspect that a lot of the actors knew that already as they did their work . It lacks clarity , plausibility , suspense , and purpose .
Life may be meaningless , but Cameron Diaz doing the -LRB- commando -RRB- splits on your windshield makes for a momentary distraction . I think we can all agree on that .
The Counselor is exactly the type of ugly , depraved tale of the vengeful and virtue-less that fans of his work will love
An unsettling anti-noir with surrealist comic tinges .
Despite its scaldingly hot cast and formidable writer/director combination , The Counselor is simply not a very likable or gratifying film . In fact , it 's a bummer .
Plays like a parody of a Cormac McCarthy adaptation ... It 's derivative nonsense .
The film does n't temper enough of Cormac McCarthy 's excesses , but Ridley Scott and his ensemble find enough meat in his scenario to make for diverting , bloody pleasure .
No amount of needless chatter can quite dilute the power of The Counselor 's grim endgame , especially given the way its writer and director conspire to keep the threat offscreen , like some terrible , unseen force of nature .
I never thought a movie with this pedigree would remind me of ` Dawson 's Creek . '
You wait for `` The Counselor '' to get started and finally realize it never will - but you can , at least , enjoy the pictures .
Almost 100 percent vague , pseudo-profound dialogue and virtually no exposition or character development .

@highlight

The Counselor raises expectations with its talented cast and creative crew -- then subverts them with a wordy and clumsy suspense thriller that 's mercilessly short on suspense or thrills .