Modest in aspiration , Peeples is by no means a must-see movie , but it 's awfully charming all the same .
Boasts a great cast , plenty of sharp dialogue , and perhaps most importantly , a sincerity and warmth absent from the majority of studio comedies nowadays .
nothing is delved into deeper than is necessary to get to the next gag
This messy and oftentimes obnoxious comedy relies too often on cheap humor to get its points across .
It 's a broad comedy about family dysfunction that provides some scattered laughs amid a story that is woefully familiar and predictable .
How did they convince Kerry Washington to be in this mess ? Talk about a scandal !
-LSB- Writer/director Tina Gordon Chism is -RSB- good at low-key , observational humor , and the all-around excellent cast swings with aplomb from silly to sweet .
The arch and resolution are some indication of how utterly lifeless Peeples is , both in the sense of lacking vitality and having no real connection to how people think , feel and react to situations .
Let 's be honest -- harmless it may be , but bad it most certainly is .
No one looks more lost in the movie than Washington , its biggest right-this-moment star .
Formulaically funny , utterly familiar , fish-out-of-water story with a few absurdly engaging comedic touches .
A Tyler Perry in producer-name only , ` Peeples ' is an uneven comedy with a few laughs and no surprises .
Craig Robinson deserves better . So do Kerry Washington , David Alan Grier , and everyone else who stands before the camera in this clunker .
Funny but formulaic comedy has some edgy content .
Pleasant , if inane - helped along by a likable cast that 's clearly having fun .
Better than pretty much everything else associated with Tyler Perry , but that 's still not saying much . A talented cast is wasted .
Saves itself from a complete belly flop by its good-natured charm .
Surely it would have been easier to shoot in Perry 's home base of Atlanta , but the significant New England location places the movie at the geographical heart of America 's origin story ...
Passably endearing despite its sometimes pronounced shortcomings .
Writer-director Tina Gordon Chism implies that people should accept each other for who they are , but with no genuine insight to back up this moral , it feels hollow .
The slapstick is often clunky , but Robinson has a sweet jester 's disposition that keeps many of the gags from collapsing .
Given the quality of the cast , ... this highly uneven , ill-constructed comedy is a disappointment .
Robinson and Washington make a likable couple , and it 's nice to see her playing comedy for a change .
In a comedic rite of passage-meeting the folks-complicated by class barriers , Craig Robinson flails around in Peeples . Sometimes it produces laughs .
Has promise and a few talented comedians in its cast to make the material ring bells of hilarity , yet it 's burdened by a filmmaker who 's not seasoned enough to ride waves of absurdity .
It 's often rote and by-the-numbers , but writer-director Tina Gordon Chism injects the proceedings with enough smart chat , clever situations and spot-on casting choices to make this well-traveled road feel a little less stale .
A meet-the-parents-and-their-rigid-disapproval comedy , with a bit of fish-out-of-water humor tossed in .
The much larger problem with `` Peeples '' is that it is a mess of a comedy that struggles to find any consistent tone , characters or laughs .
Craig Robinson has a few funny moments in what is an otherwise painfully generic cookie-cutter comedy .
I liked this movie . The characters in it were so likable . And I have liked thinking about the movie ever since . -LRB- Complete Content Details for Parents also available -RRB-
Even the bouncy score sounds like it was lifted from an old Three 's Company episode ; that is when they 're not all belting out a song about where it 's not cool to pee .
A bland , quickly disposable romantic comedy .
Robinson deserves a movie that 's polished where this one is haphazard , but he needs to be able to cut loose instead of being reduced to the confusion and blanching he is often called upon to do in this one .
The movie 's clichés would be more acceptable if the characters were better drawn , but there 's not a memorable one in the bunch .
Chism does n't know when to step on the gas and just go for belly laughs .
Even a solid cast has its limits .
The material is beyond stale , but it 's made significantly fresher by Robinson and a very enthusiastic cast .
This pleasing ensemble comedy , while manifesting Perry trademarks , is very much Ms. Chism 's own . And that is to its benefit .
The humor is often crude and silly , but it is so good-hearted and the performers are so appealing that it might win your heart .
An infectious , warm comedy of family and communication and a promising debut as writer-director for Chism . These `` Peeples '' are people one should be happy to meet .
Tina Gordon Chism 's debut feature does point out the hypocrisy grown-ups are capable of - hiding secrets , hiding their feelings , even hiding valuable property from one another .
`` Peeples '' gets off to a hobbling start , wraps up with the usual bromides , and is pretty much anodyne throughout ...
Newcomer Chism does a decent job eliciting performances from her actors but should have given the writing task to a more experienced scribe .
A predictable domestic comedy with some inspired comic touches .
`` Peeples '' is a just-this-side-of-legal knockoff of `` Meet the Parents , '' altered only by minor script details and an African-American cast .
a pale remake of `` Meet the Parents '' with an African American cast , and it 's the cast that makes it tolerable .
watchable , if not wholly worthwhile
The elements are all there . They 're just thrown together in haphazard fashion . A funny scene here , an attempt at a touching scene there , toss , repeat randomly , the end .
Comedies about privileged princesses and unsuitable suitors come in all colors , but `` Peeples '' is only palatable on a double bill with pink antacid .
`` Peeples '' may not break any new ground , but it 's about time Perry threw a family reunion hosted by someone other than Madea .
Formulaic ? Yes . But funny people playing funny characters and delivering funny lines ? That adds up to ... wait for it ... Funny .
Incorporates not one but two unintentional drug trips , which I think is a button on screenwriting software that automatically writes generic , dude-I 'm - freaking-out scenes for you .
Chism 's cast is game for her shenanigans , and the biggest pleasure of `` Peeples '' is watching them cut loose under her direction .
It 's a light and occasionally very funny movie ; its critical stance-a goldmine for Perryologists-comes more from context than content .
In essence , the film is a cross between Meet the Parents and an Adam Sandler idiot-in-a-china-shop comedy .
These all are amiable people , decent people , sometimes funny people . But unfortunately , the peeps of `` Peeples '' just are n't very memorable people .
While she does n't quite achieve the screwball zaniness she strives for , Chism deserves commendation for crafting a farcical work that feels like it concerns real characters .
The performers are up to the wacko task . But one of the movie 's key problems is that it only pretends to let loose , its calculated absurdity firmly tethered to the life lessons that lie in wait .
Defined by Three 's Company-grade humor , this attempt at male-anxiety cringe-comedy is little more than a sitcom writ large ...
Tina Gordon Chism 's film collapses into a series of clumsy improvisatory sketches , tied up in cheap , risibly sentimental catharsis .
`` Peeples '' may appropriate its entire premise and plot structure from `` Meet the Parents , '' but its heart is suffused with French cinema .
An amusing , if not exactly original , African-American variation on Meet the Parents .

@highlight

Peeples is a warm , amiable farce that offers a few chuckles but mostly falls back on predictable plotting and an overwrought message .