By the time you get to see the fourth incarnation of any movie franchise , you should be pretty sure what you 're in for % u2013 and this one is true to its brand . It 's corny , mischievous and more than a tad tacky in places .
A lazy little product of mediocrity that will be woefully outdated in the next year ...
High production values and seemingly endless celebrity cameos only moderately elevate the scattershot satire of the Scary Movie franchise .
Despite an infusion of talent once associated with everything from Airplane to Hot Shots ... Scary Movie 4 feels ... far more tired and worn out that the films it spoofs ...
In a quarter of a century who 's even going to remember that Tom Cruise went on Oprah 's show and made an ass of himself ?
A low-brow comedy chock full of cheap laughs .
There are some laughs in this latest installment .
Well , it 's better than Scary Movie 3 : Honey , I Sunk the Franchise .
A film with more chuckles then guffaws , hopefully the producers will settle on better movies to make fun of next time around .
full review in Greek
... there 's simply no denying that these movies -LRB- and parodies in general , it would seem -RRB- have long-since outlived their usefulness .
Has the fourth of any film series ever worked ? This does ! It 's a franchise that could keep on scaring up the spoofs and mixed metaphors till the cows come home to roost .
The 4th pile of CRAP
It hits a few broad targets and misses many more , leaving the door open to continue the series indefinitely .
There is a certain slapdash energy and heedless silliness to the proceedings that is somewhat engaging , certainly more so than the hateful likes of Date Movie .
Nada mais é do que uma colagem de referências que se julga inteligente apenas por ser capaz de recriar cenas conhecidas de outras produções .
The humor is supposed to come from the recognition that another movie or entertainment world incident from the pages of Us Weekly is having fun poked at it .
This franchise will never make the history books , but , you know , if they have to keep coming , this is probably the best of the lot , with more laughs than you might expect .
Scary Movie 4 is a fun time out at the pictures , but the genre has become so unnecessarily vicious over the last few years , and has lost its way so desperately , that you end up feeling rather guilty for laughing at it .
Too much potty humor -- and not enough inspired comedy -- sink this fourth installment in the SM franchise .
... most of it was unfunny ...
Scary Movie 4 is so lazy it 's downright boring , something not even a naked Leslie Nielsen -LRB- ! -RRB- can salvage .
Watch -LRB- sober -RRB- at your peril .
Even -LSB- Anna Faris -RSB- must recognize that the series has turned into the cinematic equivalent of a flat bicycle tyre -- it starts off with lots of air in it , but can quickly go flat when punctured .
Some hearty laughs , but there 's also a lot of effluence-based humor to wade through .
This time out , what 's scary is how boring and unimaginative the series has become .
If you 've had a hard week , it provides a healthy dose of whatever .
The film quickly abandons biting sarcasm in favor of gumming you to a sloppy , slow death .
This movie getting a PG-13 rating is really scary
David Zucker , who once had one of the most supple comic touches in the business , has turned into the chowderhead who keeps elbowing you in the ribs asking , ` Get it ? Get it ? '
The first moments , drawn from Saw , feature the two least professional and most engaging performers : Dr. Phil and Shaq are chained in the basement and their escape depends on Shaq making free throws , which he can not do , er , to save his life .
Every scene looks like it was thrown together in two sloppy takes .
Who does n't like a good Charlie Sheen / Viagra gag ? I mean , besides Heidi Fleiss ...
The law of diminishing returns is in full effect here -- there are a couple of inspired gags but most fall embarrassingly flat .
The humor is mostly flat and obvious , but Anna Faris ' ability to maintain a straight face as well as her dignity under the most demeaning of circumstances continues to impress .
There 's possibly nothing sadder in the world of cinema than a comedy trying this hard for laughs .
The cleverness dies slowly in this horror spoof ... reaching bottom with a bevy of bathroom jokes and the offal appearance of Leslie Nielsen as a dithering , Bush-league president .
What makes it to the screen feels pretty joyless .
Unspectacular but hardly disastrous comedy .
I can take a gross movie as well as anyone , but seeing Leslie Nielsen naked in `` Scary Movie 4 '' pretty much set the limit .
Thin on plot even by spoof standards , Scary Movie 4 runs like clockwork for 80 minutes . It 's a movie strangely lacking in both comedic highs and lows .
If ` Scary Movie 4 ' had a sell-by date , it would likely be 12/31/05 . Any viewing after then may cause food poisoning .
More disposable than a five-day-old Good News razor , David Zucker 's Scary Movie 4 is strictly a movie for the moment .
You know exactly what you 're going to get , and you get it . Is that so wrong ?
The jokes miss more than they hit , but there are a lot of them , and when they work , it 's gold .
Cheap laughs are better than no laughs at all .
there are just barely enough of these hits to make this 4th installment in the spoof trilogy into a mild winner .
There 's a kinda/sorta plot going on here that strings together a bunch of gags , which work more often than not .
Spoofing on surprisingly solid footing for a third sequel , Scary Movie 4 continues the shift from horror to slap-shtick that director David Zucker began with No. 3 in 2003 .
Faris is left to pathetically flail for laughs by getting , you guessed it , bonked on the head . First , she gets hit with a baseball and then -LRB- spoiler alert ! -RRB- she 's drilled with a football .
Having director David Zucker -LRB- The Naked Gun -RRB- take on the latest Scary Movies has made the franchise slightly more watchable % u2026 even so , this series of action spoofs is difficult to watch .
For what it 's worth , Scary Movie 4 probably is the best entry in this strangely resilient series .
... a cockeyed collection of watered-down , lowbrow parodies that have all the revered spark of a joy buzzer jolting an arthritic patient during a spontaneous handshake .
The biggest joke in Scary Movie 4 is that somebody made it .
The past three films left the viewer entertained and exhausted from laughter by the end . Scary Movie 4 simply leaves you feeling empty and depressed .
If you enjoyed any of the previous Scary Movies this one will likely appeal to you . The humor is broad , but much of it hits .
The entire film is predicated on turgid slapstick bits that simply congratulate viewers for having seen a handful of recent studio blockbusters .
Scary Movie 4 's biggest challenge is trying to stay relevant and original , and these writers could never be accused of being original
Scary Movie 4 never takes you close to death by laughter , as the Naked Gun films did . But it 's funny enough to turn the hands on your watch much more quickly than you can believe .
The even numbers do n't favor the Scary Movie franchise . Inspiration ran dry for the Wayans Brothers in No. 2 ; now successors David Zucker & Co suffer gag fatigue following up their moderately improving efforts on the third installment .
For those jonesing for a loosely connected string of comedy sketches , heavy on the scatological humor , this is the fix .
Scary Movie 4 is the second to be directed by Airplane ! and The Naked Gun 's David Zucker and possibly the funniest one yet .
We 've been assaulted with Brokeback parodies for the last five months -- who the hell needs another one now ?
Much of the humor feels tired and unfunny , and David Zucker 's directing sags where it should zing .
Scary Movie 4 is n't a comedy classic , but it 's still about five times as funny as Scary Movie 3 .
Seriously . Bad . There , I just saved you 9 dollars .
It 's a far cry from the hilarious , edgy antics of Scary Movie , but it has about as much going for it as the first sequel .
Scary Movie 4 is pretty frightening all right . It 's positively terrifying that the Scary Movie franchise continues to soldier on when it should have been dead and buried years ago .
A throw-it-at-the-wall-and-see-if-it-sticks onslaught of potty jokes , puns , celebrity cameos , J-horror , and j-high sophistication and wit . You get laughs , but not nearly as many as you 'd hoped .
The almost-annual Hollywood spoof Scary Movie 4 has arrived , and to paraphrase a tagline from one of its targets : Oh , yes , there will be spit takes .
With Scary Movie 4 , -LSB- director -RSB- Zucker creates a virtual duplicate of the last film , replete with a Michael Jackson impersonator . Once again , the gags grow repetitive , and all the highlights have been featured in the preview trailer .
There are relatively few laughs -- unless you crave toilet humor -- in this direct-to-video-grade installment .
There 's only so much humor left to wring from the pup tent of Brokeback Mountain or the matted-hair fetish of the Japanese horror genre .
The latest example of cultural degeneration : The stupid Scary Movie franchise now has one more entry than the smart , satiric Scream series it originally set out to spoof .
For people who like this sort of thing , this is just the sort of thing they like .
It 's not particularly good as a movie but as a collection of jokes it 's pretty sublime .
Scary Movie 4 has the feel of a film thrown together for a deadline , rather than conceived to poke fun at haunted house , ghost , alien and pop culture movies .
Four installments later , the horror-movie jokes have gotten broader , grosser and just plain dumber .
Do n't let the number scare you : Scary Movie 4 is spooferific .
Frighteningly silly , intentionally incorrect and stupendously stupid , Scary Movie 4 skewers everything in its path with a wild-eyed glee that 's contagious .
Scary Movie 4 is the rare movie spoof that 's actually better than the titles it lampoons .
Scary Movie 4 has about as many laughs as the two previous Scary Movies combined . Faint praise , of course , as those films had maybe four or five laughs between them .
The three preceding Scary Movie films were all bad , yet , nevertheless , better than this .
The perpetual engine of the unkillable Scary Movie chain is toxic cynicism .
The early promotional screening forbade internet press even though there was nothing to be afraid of . It is a cleverly integrated spoof .
Starts with some promise . Unfortunately , when it takes a dive , it falls so fast the g-forces shock the audience into silence -LRB- no , they just got quiet because it stopped being funny -RRB- .
For every sharp one-liner or bright sight gag , there are five clunkers , including played-out references to Russell Crowe 's phone-throwing incident and a lazy jab at Michael Jackson 's fondness for little boys .
Even at 75-ish minutes , the thing practically limps to the finish line , desperately tossing random gags up on the screen .
The Scary Movie franchise is running out of steam pretty fast . They 're still funny , and the gags still work . But there 's only so far you can go with it .
For slapsticky , loose-limbed , MAD Magazine-style movie satires , you can do no better than the works of director David Zucker .
Zucker and his team do n't seem to be trying anymore .
Nothing here is red carpet , admirable entertainment , but compared to last February 's bottom-feeding knockoff , Date Movie , the self-assured Scary Movie 4 looks like The 400 Blows .
Why must Hollywood torment so those of us with IQs in the triple digits ?
I really hate to admit this , but the film made me laugh on several occasions .
for die-hard fans for whom there is no such thing as a poop gag taken too far and there can never , ever be too many Brokeback Mountain parodies
still an overabundance of potty humor but as far as this franchise goes , I 'll take improvements in baby steps
Stars Anna Faris and Craig Bierko display great comic timing , which is sad considering how little they have to work with .
While ` SM4 ' has its share of barebacked sex scenes and toilet humor -LRB- a sad given in most recent comedies -RRB- , there are enough satirical gems to justify the admission price .
... a barrage of low-minded gags with high-spirited energy .
Driven by gags and cultural feedback , Scary Movie 4 is an exercise in lowbrow postmodernism , a movie-movie contraption more nuts than Charlie Kaufman 's gnarliest fever dream .
Scary Movie 4 proves that downward momentum is still momentum , and some comedic concepts keep rolling long after they 've exhausted almost all the laughs .
Like the gags , many of the cameos do n't pack a whole lot of punch , but enough succeed so that the viewer leaves with a mildly favorable impression . Regrettably , this is probably more a function of human psychology than moviemaking skill .
It 's almost as though the filmmakers were trying to frustrate and annoy horror fans , and it 's a hardy soul who will be willing to sit out the entire 123 minutes .
... a hodgepodge of tired jokes that is occasionally goosed by a good idea , an inspired cameo , or the comic chops of its main cast , particularly Faris .
Not surprisingly , the fourth installment is a total retread of its predecessor .
Scary Movie 4 piles on the gags rat-a-tat-tat style . Like clowns throwing cream pies , some hit their mark . Many miss .
Watching the movie is quite a bit like reading a slightly out-of-date Mad magazine or , I guess I should say , quite a bit like I remember Mad as a seventh-grader .
It has 10 big belly laughs , which puts it about a dozen ahead of this season 's competition .
À peu près tout est évident , prévisible ou carrément ennuyant , malgré la courte durée du film .
The gags are hit-and-miss , and regardless of their success , they categorically go on too long .
The Kentucky Fried Theater is back ! Huzzah !
Is n't it amazing to see just how low some people will stoop if you pay them just enough money ?
The sort of movie you like in spite of yourself , Scary Movie 4 is obvious and dumb , but it possesses such a giddy , good-hearted spirit that even its terrible jokes -LRB- and there are tons -RRB- get by on something resembling charm .
Marginally preferable to its immediate predecessor -LRB- mostly because it seems slightly less crass -- or am I becoming inured ? -RRB- , but it 's nothing to write home about .
For those of you happy with paying to see more of the usual , Scary Movie 4 delivers a few decent laughs .
I just do n't see much entertainment value -- or , certainly , a shelf life -- in a contrived string of mildly amusing parodies of bad movies . Here today , yawn tomorrow .
Even better than Scary Movie 3 ... but is that really saying very much ?
The humor emphasizes quantity over quality , but the batting average is n't too bad . And where else can you witness Leslie Nielsen do a nude scene ?
Worse than Scary Movies 1 through 3 ... And they were terrible .
As ever , the jokes are a jumble of the gross , the baggy , the raunchy , the mistimed , and -- every once in a while -- the refreshingly incorrect .
Scary Movie 4 is a laugh-out-loud funny , well-directed and well-acted comedy that 's a perfect kick-off to the summer popcorn season .
Three 's a trilogy , four 's a bore .
By keeping the parody and humour so tightly focussed , they 've generated more laughter than any other filmmaker this year .





@highlight

Sure to inspire a few chuckles , but not enough to compensate for the recycled material from its predecessors .