How can anyone with half a brain buy in to this nonsense ?
It 's not a good sign when a director 's primary claim to fame is as Mel Gibson 's former hair stylist .
The depth of the filmmaker 's crassness is dazzling , in its way , like a Grand Canyon created solely by the moral erosion of greed and whorishness .
Loathsome does n't begin to describe it . How about `` toxic '' ?
Paparazzi just takes itself too seriously .
... a laughably over-the-top thriller ...
At least it 's hilariously awful .
If the movie were n't done in such deadly earnest , it might have made a great cult-classic , ` so-bad-it 's - good ' flick , but as it is , it 's simply bad .
Paparazzi is Hollywood 's egomaniacal warning to moviegoers : Love us , just do n't come near us .
Over the top , improbable , as cheesy as stuffed crust pizza and immensely entertaining .
O roteiro não sai do lugar-comum , mas Hauser segura a atenção do espectador com uma performance seca , mas intensa .
A self-conscious , fired-up revenge fantasy that some will find difficult to sit through without offering up the occasional snort and giggle .
The movie and its unpleasant brood just eat into your skull and make you wish that they would all simply go away .
-LRB- T -RRB- his is sure to set off ... critics who did n't like Passion and ca n't think of anything good to say about Gibson , -LRB- but -RRB- ... -LRB- i -RRB- t 's one that the vast multitudes ... should enjoy .
Producer Gibson appears in a cameo , giving his blessing-or salute ? - to his hero 's semi-fascist revenge schemes .
Mel Gibson 's latest film looks at the world of stars being besieged by the press .
The worst film I have seen in a long , long time .
Even by the low standards of cheesy revenge movies , Paparazzi is pretty terrible .
The audacity of paparazzi is a good topic , but this imbecilic film has no idea how to focus its intentions .
It 's all so very Princess Di .
... if you go in , wanting to enjoy a 90-minute ride filled with brainless entertainment , you might just have a good time ...
The already indefensible vigilante genre gets degraded/updated to the Bush era .
Hairdresser-turned-director Paul Abascal does a perfectly awful job ... if his perms and finger waves were as unruly as his work here , he would have been exiled from the salon .
Pointedly ugly vigilante screed .
It does n't take long for the film to devolve into a ludicrously far-fetched Celebrity Death Wish .
Buying a full-price ticket is not recommended , but if you can catch Paparazzi on cable down the line , check it out .
Fulfills every actor 's dream ... but it does so with tepid enthusiasm and indiscernible rationale .
A strong contender for the most loathsome piece of self-serving , hypocritical trash ever to ooze its way out of a studio .
Sneaked into theaters without advance screenings , I liked it .
Over the top , improbable , as cheesy as stuffed crust pizza and immensely entertaining .
An egregiously self-serving slice of celebrity worship .
Visually uninspired and dramatically overheated , Paparazzi has overall look and feel of generic direct-to-video production .
A vigilante movie so sleazy and creepy it makes Death Wish look like a comedy .
Mindless drivel with a truly nasty edge .
A vigilante fable so boorish , brainless and mean-spirited , everyone involved should be locked up for assault .
For anyone who 's ever wondered how good it would feel to knock down a photographer with his car and then back over him .
No serious exploration of the issue of the invasion of privacy of celebrities but a classic exploitation picture -- topical , punchy , occasionally unintentionally laughable and morally dubious .
Mel Gibson 's insanity finally gets the public spotlight it truly deserves .
The whole movie is bad -- grandiose , over-the-top and ridiculous -- but it 's amusingly bad .
One has the sense that if the level of violence had been ratcheted up a little , Paparazzi might have been more of a guilty pleasure and less of a chore to watch .
A cheeseball revenge thriller with an alarmingly twisted moral .
When a movie is so dishonest - so ignorant - about its own subject matter , it 's impossible for the audience to care about anything that happens .
a routine action thriller at best , one that hopes the audience will be so swept up by rage and revenge that they forget that the hero has become a criminal .
So much like `` Death Wish '' that somewhere Charles Bronson is smiling .
This clunky revenge thriller seems to have a target audience of Alec Baldwin , Sean Penn and Arnold Schwarzenegger .
Burdened with wooden acting and a laughable , Death Wish-like premise .
The comedy hit of the summer !
It has its flaws , but Paparazzi is a good guilty pleasure .
Mel Gibson ... shows up in Bo 's counselor 's office - inviting the audience , bored with the movie , to speculate on Mel 's own media-persecution complex .
Amazingly arrogant , immoral film .
Well directed by first-timer Paul Abascal and nicely shot by Daryn Okada , Paparazzi is n't a bad film if you can ignore the silliness of its plot .
The film is directed by Paul Abascal who exhibits all the subtlety you would expect from a director who got his start as a celebrity hair stylist .
Lurid , ludicrous and often confused .
If you 've ever met paparazzi , you know they are more like hobbits , the better to slip in and out of crowds . They could n't physically intimidate D.J. Qualls .
A sleazy thriller which takes celebrity photo hounds to task for being sleazy ... As in Gibson 's ... Payback , and others , the evil-doers must pay , Old Testament-style ...
The actors seem to be without much guidance from their director .
Scummy sleaze does n't get more amoral and savage than this petulant , loathsome tale . You can feel the hate .
Even with the best scripts , these films always telegraph the outcome and are always predictable .
Panders to that element in the American culture that looks for one dimensional villains on which to blame our troubles and on whom we can pound with clear consciences .
At no time does it work , providing cheap thrills , bad writing , and a particularly nasty side that tries to pass itself off as popcorn entertainment .
Leave it up to Hollywood to make a film about how hard it is to be rich and famous .
As awful as it is , Paparazzi should give us hope . Look how many ideas there are for scripts !
A stupid celebrity revenge film that should never have been made .
This mean-spirited revenge story would once have starred Cole Hauser 's father , veteran B-movie psycho Wings Hauser , and played grindhouses and drive-ins . And it would have been a far more entertaining picture .
Laughably heavy-handed and violent .
Formulaic fare though sufficiently entertaining .
Should only be viewed when the best other choice on television is whatever latest product Ron Popeil is selling at four in the morning .
A crude , violent tale of vigilante justice ... -LSB- that -RSB- panders to the basest instincts of its viewers , and does so in the most coarsely calculating way .
A classic revenge tale in the tradition of Charles Bronson , Clint Eastwood and the early works of Steven Seagal .
Once a promising actor , Tom Sizemore has become a parody of himself of late , showing less subtlety than Gary Oldman on a bad day .
Spending more time laughing at it -LRB- and more than a few times with it -RRB- , I managed to get a rather addictively goofy movie that somehow escaped a fate on the USA Network .
Paparazzi is every bit as brainless as its previews would indicate .










@highlight

A crude , ludicrous exploitation movie with a questionable moral .