Dead Snow 2 , is certainly not a perfect film , but it ultimately manages to equal the fun factor of its predecessor , which is by no means an easy task .
Dead Snow 2 : Red vs Dead is a film that wants to make you like it , but succeeds only in making you wish you liked it more .
A big batch of energetic silliness made for people who love zombie movies , but do n't mind a little comedy mixed in once in a while . OK , a lot of comedy .
All this is in the service of humour that , though politically incorrect and in defiantly poor taste , somehow remains too fun ever to seem in any way mean-spirited . And if it gets you laughing - and in particular laughing at Nazis - its work is done .
Dead Snow 2 : Red vs. Dead is even more fun than its predecessor , thanks to tight pacing , clever plotting , and an expanded mythology that stays true to its aura .
Wirkola finds room for at least one good sight gag -LRB- a zombie commandant becomes frustrated when he is unable to return a ` Sieg heil ! ' salute due to his chopped-off right arm -RRB- before he succumbs to the hee-haw bloodbath of the battle royale finale .
Some people will never find a movie containing this quantity of blood and intestines funny . If you are not one of those people , prepare to crack up .
Dead Snow 2 : Red vs. Dead could have been a lazy movie , but writer/director Tommy Wirkola is too keen let his imagination run wild .
Dementedly enjoyable ...
Dead Snow 2 : Red vs Dead is even bloodier and more excessive than the first film , but that 's what makes it so entertaining . This is without a doubt one of the most preposterously bonkers and genre-pleasing zombie sequels ever made .
If you 're willing to go along for this farcical ride , you 'll find ` Dead Snow 2 ' to be one terrific zombie movie .
As bad-taste splatter comedies go , `` Dead Snow 2 '' is one of the more charitably nutty ones , less about gorging on gore than reveling in how silly the whole genre can be .
The makers of `` Dead Snow 2 '' rely heavily on the inherent absurdity of their film 's premise , and expect you to do the rest .
If the movie 's hilariously cruel treatment of the halt and the lame upsets you , you can enjoy the crisp cinematography , operatically repulsive effects and frequently witty dialogue .
Dead Snow 2 has its share of fun , goofy , gory moments ... Half the budget must have gone for fake intestines .
Unabashed homage to Evil Dead 2 and movies like it . Sounds pretty awesome to me .
A ruthless and hilarious follow-up ... a riotous extravaganza that 's incredibly fun to watch unfold . Or perhaps explode is more apt description .
This grudge match plays like a generic zombie free-for-all , though Wirkola now has the money to shift from a chintzy Evil Dead homage to an elaborate Dead Alive homage .
After a high-speed recap , Dead Snow 2 broadens the canvas almost immediately .
By formally acknowledging the material 's inherent silliness ad nauseam , the filmmakers have distanced themselves from the spirit of the parody , robbing it of its gruesome pleasures .
A smoother sequel to the original that offers more B-movie fun and gore .
When it 's funny , it 's laugh-out-loud hilarious . So while the film has weaknesses , it 's nevertheless a sequel that actually improves on the original .
At the end of the day , this might be the closest we ever get to a fourth Evil Dead film . Groovy .
Heeding no rules of zombie tradition , let alone of decorum , this zom-com sequel fully justifies itself simply for being very funny - and somehow , despite all the splatter , it is too amiable ever to seem mean-spirited .
Dead Snow 2 : Red Vs. Dead is a superbly confident splatterfest that could be some of the most fun you 'll have at the movies this year . Ein ! Zwei ! Die ... AGAIN !
A bloody blast from beginning to end .
Unlike the character-based comedy and genuine scares -LRB- Wirkola -RRB- generated on a miniscule budget first time around , the overall impact of his sequel is less than the sum of its bloody parts .
Bigger , brasher , bloodier , and with more bowels , Dead Snow : Red vs. Dead is a blast .
The original 's gradual buildup toward inspired outrageousness is replaced by immediately full-on gore-horror comedy in a broader , dumber Troma-style vein .

@highlight

Dead Snow 2 : Red vs. Dead expands the original 's canvas without sacrificing any of its bloody fun , adding up to a sequel that fans of the first are bound to enjoy .