Jason Statham walks away with every single scene he is a part of leaving the audience in a fit of uncontrollable laughter
Not only does McCarthy live up to the promise she showed in Bridesmaids , but this is a genuinely great comedy that works on every level .
Spy , a summer action-comedy , might have been born in a lowly genre manger . But it transcends its crappy origin story simply by virtue of its character .
At last , Spy is a Melissa McCarthy vehicle that is honestly funny .
McCarthy , whose timing and wit is essential to the film 's appeal , has been reunited with Paul Feig ... Spy ultimately showcases that crowd-pleasing side of her , too .
In -LSB- Melissa McCarthy 's -RSB- hilarious , globetrotting new movie Spy , she 's finally been given a vehicle with the speed and gloss worthy of her comic talents .
The point of the film is to ask : what would happen if Miss Moneypenny were plump and 40 , and suddenly assigned to her boss 's missions ... ? No , I 've never wondered either . But this is a valiant attempt to persuade us we ought to have done .
Much has been said about McCarthy , an amiable plus-size lady , as a viable movie star but there is no longer any question . Brash , bold and believable at every turn , Spy is a showcase and a celebration of her as a performer .
Spy is many things : A clever spoof . A chance for Melissa McCarthy and her co-stars to strut their comedic chops . An international romp . It 's also a pretty darn engaging spy film . It 's about a woman leaning in and finding her inner Bond .
At its core , this action-packed , globe-trotting , gender-switched Bond spoof is about lookism .
Spy is hilarious good fun .
The film 's quantity-over-quality approach affords star Melissa McCarthy the luxury of both owning the film and sharing the glory with a wonderful supporting cast .
Witty at times , brainless at others , not everything seems to gel , but if you 're in the mood for a mindless globe-trotting adventure , then Spy ticks all the boxes for an easy-breezy watch .
It 's not John le Carré , but Spy is more than just an excuse for guns and gags .
This is one entertaining parody that unexpectedly appreciates all its characters -LRB- even the caricatures -RRB- and has a heart of gold . It 's the perfect feel-good movie for summer .
McCarthy is terrific as Susan Cooper , but Feig also deserves great credit : his whip-smart script and confident direction lend the whole picture a sense of energy and whimsical charm .
Another successfully comedy from Feig , Spy is equally funny as it is full of charm and genuinely solid action beats .
Spy is the Melissa McCarthy movie I 've been waiting for .
Melissa McCarthy retains her crown as Queen of Comedy with this hilarious , action-packed take on the spy genre .
Feig is great at writing big , obvious gags that nonetheless succeed . It made me think I was in for a good time - and Spy is definitely that .
Even in such a derivative movie like `` Spy , '' McCarthy shines and arouses raucous laughs .
Melissa McCarthy takes a character who typically blends into the background and makes her visible , forcing us to see the inherently sexist tropes of the super spy genre .
She 's no Mata Hari , and she may not get the guy -LRB- though she does get some -RRB- - but that does n't mean she ca n't be a different sort of badass , the kind that 's a reminder of McCarthy 's range beyond just physical comedy .
A hilarious secret agent spoof -LRB- if you can ignore Melissa McCarthy -RRB-
If Austin Powers was the ultimate Bond parody , Spy is the ultimate Ms Moneypenny satire
McCarthy is fantastic , handling the action scenes with the same energetic zeal as her comedy : perfectly timed and hitting its mark over and over .
McCarthy is the star of the film , but her willingness to let her fellow actors shine when an opportunity knocks to give the audience a belly-laugh is clear , and it 's the undeniable strength of the supporting cast that makes Spy a strong a film .
Another wildly elaborate parody of the James Bond school of action/espionage/world-threatening thriller , Spy is naturally undone by its gratuitous violence , meaningless potty-mouth and the wild overacting of top-billed Melissa McCarthy .
`` Spy '' is Melissa McCarthy at her best ! ''
Paul Feig has finally provided -LSB- McCarthy -RSB- with the star vehicle that she needed , and the result is the funniest comedy so far this summer .
Paul Feig 's depressing run of hopelessly mediocre comedies continues with Spy ...
At two hours the film is too long and it never reaches the heights of hilarity promised by the premise but it is well performed , exuberant and , come the climax , even quite exciting .
Melissa McCarthy keeping pace in foot chases with actors who spend the better portion of their lives in a gym is about as funny as it gets , unless you count the antonymous editing of the action sequences .
Spy will nicely tide espionage fans over until Spectre and The Man from UNCLE arrive later in the year .
This is n't one of those run-of-the-mill sitcoms stretched to an unendurable length , but a very sharp and pointed espionage romp that allows its ensemble of actors to deliver the material with a fresh sense of gusto .
Feig keeps his Spy machinery cranking so smoothly that nothing said or done feels as outrageous as , in fact , it is . The truth serum Spy drops into our fizzy drinks makes us feel so good that we do n't even realize we 've been schooled .
This is an awful lot of fun . Do n't wait for the DVD ; see it with a crowd .
Offers too much one-note character-comedy and grows too concerned with being an action film itself . The feminist subtext is pretty juvenile ; the script tries to get a lot of mileage out of a few comic conceits . Jet-sets around Europe but never takes off .
The ace partnership between filmmaker Paul Feig and actress Melissa McCarthy evolves into something formidable with this raucous action comedy , which simultaneously spoofs the espionage genre and provides some genuine thrills .
A refreshing return to form for Melissa McCarthy that features a hilarious supporting turn from Jason Statham .
Melissa McCarthy 's new star vehicle easily passes the Bechdel Test , and that 's a welcome relief during the summer blockbuster season .
Spy manages to combine humour and intelligence into one really entertaining package .
This film pushes the envelope , -LSB- turns -RSB- gender dynamics on their head and you love it . Mr Hollywood fat suits , can we have more of that , please ?
The year 's best comedy so far .
A fun feminist spy comedy with wonderfully outlandish events and fascinating examinations of the genre .
A rib-tickling espionage spoof that gives a confident female-centred spin to the traditionally ultra-masculine spy movie genre .
Melissa McCarthy shines in this clever action-comedy showcase provided by the writer and director Paul Feig , but the movie 's tightly contrived plot and uniformly positive emotions constrain her comic genius .
Very funny things happen in practically every scene . I can hardly wait to see the sequel !
The good news is that Spy is perfectly enjoyable and sporadically funny . The bad news is that its laughs come from the realm of the bawdy , the raucous and the self-aware .
Funny enough .
Paul Feig , who guided McCarthy to an Oscar nomination for Bridesmaids , does her an even bigger favor here : He 's given her the movie and the role for which she 'll be remembered .
Much like Edgar Wright 's recent flicks , we get to see both comedy and action in equal doses ... it proves the worth of it 's stars , and showcases a bright future for director Feig .
Two Sides of McCarthy on Display in Hilarious `` Spy . ''
In the field of action-comedy , McCarthy can play with the big boys .
A simple story with a fast , fun tempo and a touching message . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The screenplay feels repetitive and very restrained . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Great comedic timing , strong lines and monologues resembling those of Monty Python . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hollywood is gradually figuring out what to do with Melissa McCarthy .
Formula slapstick and slick production makes a must see , but only for Melissa McCarthy fans .
When a movie delivers a laugh a minute during its two-hour running time , you 're getting a lot of comedic bang for your buck .
After credits at the end of Spy started rolling , I had a hankering to see it again .
The new movie starring Melissa McCarthy , the reigning queen of profane , physical film comedy , is also smart , heartfelt and full of female empowerment . It lampoons the James Bond genre and asks : Why should the guys have all the fun ?
Feig worked with McCarthy on Bridesmaids and The Heat and he 's helming the Ghostbusters sheboot . What he has n't done before is write a screenplay for a major feature . And it shows .
While it 's an improvement over the standard McCarthy vehicle -- at least she plays a character rather than a caricature -- this latest is too long and too predictable to fully work .
Spy wo n't go down as a classic , but it is a perfectly serviceable comedy that 's well cast , sharply written and furthers the feminist cause without even making it a thing .
It 's got such energy , a sense of fun , and builds so much good will for McCarthy as its central character , do n't be surprised if a Susan Cooper franchise happens - once Feig , McCarthy , and Kristen Wiig do a number on their Ghostbusters reboot , that is .
Melissa McCarthy finally gets a decent star vehicle .
McCarthy has much more to discover about herself as an actor and an avatar and a cultural signifier , and I hope she does n't get trapped by one role , one genre or one franchise . But her campaign of conquest is going well .
Even without being a comic masterpiece , Spy is undeniably a good time .
Spy is elevated by Feig 's greatest talent ... his ability to assemble an unconventional , but winning ensemble .
McCarthy is the star , but Statham steals the show .
A silly , delightfully skewed , absurdly amusing diversion .
Susan Cooper does n't just find herself in crazy situations and resort to random zany behavior . She 's a strong , capable woman who earned the opportunity to do something different , making the fish-out-of-water humor especially effective .
A Melissa McCarthy vehicle recommended for fans with a big appetite for her crude , expletive-laced brand of humor .
This is McCarthy 's show all the way , and you sense that many of her best lines were n't in the script , writer-director Feig having the confidence to just light the touchpaper and stand well back .
You 'll laugh big , almost as big as our magnificent leading lady , whose worth is n't in her girth , it 's in her smarts , as she hysterically proves espionage thrives on intelligence .
Melissa McCarthy takes the comedic lead and runs with it .
A two-hour blast of fun that cements Melissa McCarthy 's status as a Comedy Master .
A funny spoof of the James Bond spy films .
While it does n't offer anything new , Spy is sure to be a hilarious delight for anyone who has enjoyed McCarthy 's previous efforts or R-rated comedies in general .
In a surprising performance , Melissa McCarthy breaks through her typical crass , ball-busting character shell and gives us a peek at her true range .
For my money SPY is the funniest film so far this year . I ca n't recall laughing out loud this much in a long time . Paul Feig has the magic touch when it comes these kinds of movies - and that is no small feat .
Once again -LSB- McCarthy -RSB- shows that she is one of out great comic performers .
All of the performers beautifully play off McCarthy and her often hapless , often heroic character , particularly Byrne and Statham . And like Kingsman : The Secret Service , the film derives a good amount of mileage out of upending spy-flick conventions .
This is a comedy with no artistic pretentions , but it delivers exactly what you would expect from it . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
McCarthy is a genius , not just as someone who can make us laugh , but as someone who can create a character with depth and feeling beyond the obvious .
McCarthy is both a verbal and physical comedienne - the complete package ... she 's absolute magic when she flips the switch and becomes a badass .
McCarthy has honed her particular brand of comedy to a fine edge and proven she has a considerable arsenal to draw from ; but she 's also reached the point where she 's drawing from what she feels comfortable doing as opposed to reaching for new levels .
What does work , in every scene , is Melissa McCarthy 's performance . She 's as funny and as winning as anyone in the movies these days .
Spy is a very good showcase for Melissa McCarthy and another successful collaboration between her and director Paul Feig .
Feig 's cheerfully feminist script makes only as much sense as it absolutely must , while providing McCarthy with chances to crack wise , show vulnerability and class , and do some of the more elegant pratfalls you 'll have seen in a while .
The screenplay manages to bring to life eccentric and funny characters , like the working duo of McCarthy and Byrne . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Spy offers plenty of laughs along the way , thanks to McCarthy , but it 's disappointingly slapdash and déjà vu .
In Spy , she 's playing a caricature that is almost a complete character . The movie is n't out to humiliate her . It wants to prop up a version of heroism that makes sense for McCarthy .
Fieg is n't so much interested in spoofing super agents as he is mocking the stereotypes that come with it , particularly as that relates to gender and appearance .
Spy , the latest film from director Paul Feig and star Melissa McCarthy , is a joy that elicits gasps and laughs from the audience in equal measure .
Spy finally gives McCarthy the positive showcase she deserves .
On her own , Melissa McCarthy is hilarious . So is Rose Byrne . Together , they 're spectacularly funny .
Austin Powers , your replacement has arrived .
Generously cast , sharply scripted and often vigorously improvised .
Spy is generally a delight , an illustrious addition to whatever might be the collective noun for spoof espionage films ; suggestions , preferably in visible ink , on a postcard .
-LSB- It -RSB- does have its moments , and it does have McCarthy . And while it 's not worth much more than a rent , it does make us look forward to what she 's going to do with `` Ghostbusters . ''
The movie is loaded with various sorts of humor , from the absurd , to the grotesque to the underhanded satire on spy films .
McCarthy excels at portraying Feig 's fresh and fleshed-out Susan , just a regular woman who fights to be taken seriously by her superiors and enemies .
Action spoof is hilarious but raunchy and violent .
Slow to start , it picks up after about 45 minutes . It 's not the best work McCarthy has done , but it ends up as one of her better efforts and shows that she can carry a movie by herself if she 's given good material .
`` Spy '' will have you laughing and cheering . It is smart and funny - a deft combination that will have you anticipating the inevitable sequel .
Instead of being an outright parody of the spy movies , `` Spy '' subverts and pokes fun at the genre 's conventions while deploying McCarthy , a highly visible presence the past few years , in a fresh way .
Statham may never be 007 , but here he 's a perfectly workable ... Man with the Golden Gag ? Spy Who LOL 'd Me ? I 'll work on it .
The last time I wrote that I wanted to see a film a second time was `` Paddington '' in January . Now I 'm saying this again -- I must see `` Spy '' at least one more time -- it 's that HILARIOUS !
`` Spy '' is a total gas , not something you can readily say about most comedies these days . It is built around McCarthy who is almost never out of a scene , and she appears to relish every minute .
The performances pop off the screen ... giving dimension to characters that slyly criticize the caricatures they could have been .
A sleek , gleaming tribute to the early Bond films , with more laughs than the jokey later Bonds ever dreamed of achieving .
McCarthy 's constantly changing identities and parallel growth in confidence are mined for great comedy , but the film 's secret weapon is Statham
Spy does n't have the biggest laughs of the summer , but it might have the most giggles .
I confidently predict this will be the funniest film of 2015 .
McCarthy is not a one-size-fits-all talent ; she needs the right vehicle . Here , Feig has given her precisely the right vehicle , and she shines .
Although this fish-out-of-water scenario might sound over-familiar , both the humour and action here are startling and visceral ...
A satisfyingly amusing and sporadically hilarious throwback to the era when 007-spawned comedy-adventures were as ubiquitous as comic-book epics are today .
Spy generally accomplishes its mission .
This is McCarthy 's show . She carries the film with huge charm , razor-sharp comic instincts and surprising chop-socky skills .
It 's a globe-trotting tour of McCarthy 's talent , throughout which she 's practically always kicking butt . Who was that double-O-what 's - his-face , anyway ?
for the most part , Spy is solid
`` Spy '' could well be the first entry in a potential franchise , though it 's hard to see how a follow-up would be as entertaining as this one .
It is time to celebrate . Melissa McCarthy finally has the movie role she deserves .
Everything about `` Spy '' works which makes it the one to beat as the best comedy of the year .
Spy works so well simply because it believes in its star .
The problem is that spy movies have been spoofed so many times that the jokes often feel as tatty and old as the CIA 's rodent-infested headquarters .
An action-comedy that takes the bankrupt Bond genre out for a fresh and subversive airing .
Not the smartest parody , nor the best comedy but it 's entertaining and it shines a light on McCarthy 's talent . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Offers enough laughs to offset the familiarity . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
Melissa McCarthy does n't just adopt guises to fool the bad guys in `` Spy . '' Part of what makes the action comedy such a loopy blast is the identity shifts she pulls on the audience .
It 's an entertaining piece of silliness , though it looks like a decision has been made to balance out the female star with some weirdly explicit violence and salty cuss-words , perhaps to reassure the male demographic ...
Keeping a livewire like McCarthy on task is n't easy -LRB- even her husband , Ben Falcone , could n't manage it in `` Tammy '' -RRB- , but Feig shows he can get the best out of his star .
A top-notch vehicle for McCarthy , but though she 's clearly the linchpin , it 's not a one-woman show -- and is all the better for it .
It 's a problem when a movie like this practically requires a diagram to follow the plot , although at least that does n't stop it from being funny .
Feig keeps throwing so much stuff at you - gross-out gags , chases , brutal violence , not to mention actors working their heads off - that he finally wears down your resistance .
If not exactly offering nonstop suspense , Spy provides nonstop laughs and chuckles .
If a Spy sequel is n't already in the works , they better get cracking . Nefarious terrorists and numskull guys await .
Spy is actually quite funny . It even proves itself to be in the same league with the first two films in Feig 's loose comic trilogy , Bridesmaids and The Heat ...
A funny and wholly entertaining romp filled with McCarthy-driven laughs that exceed any expectations generated by that inexplicably empty title .
A breezy , enjoyable comedy , and an ideal vehicle for the endearing McCarthy .
Feig draws out McCarthy 's best , and she 's up to the challenge , whether it 's expressing tenderness and anger or slapsticking her way through the physical humor .
`` Spy '' may be stuck with a stale title , but as a frequently uproarious comedy that also takes itself seriously as a globe-trotting espionage actioner , it never loses its wily freshness . Melissa McCarthy is as fierce as she is hilarious .
Yes , Spy did make me laugh , so that means it 's good . I guess .
There 's actually a pretty fun 90-minute comedy buried somewhere inside Spy 's lumbering two hours .
Not only does the role grant the Oscar-nominee an opportunity to juggle humor , action and romance -LRB- sort of -RRB- , it also allows her to play something entirely new : a likable leading lady .
Melissa McCarthy and Paul Feig always guarantee a good time and now with `` Spy '' they really take comedy to the next level . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
A highly charismatic next summer comedy movie . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The best comedy about international crime fighting since the heyday of Austin Powers : International Man of Mystery .
It 's consistently funny stuff .
Feig once again demonstrates his shrewd eye for mixing talent , finding a -LRB- mis -RRB- match made in action-comedy heaven in regular collaborator Melissa McCarthy and resident British hard man Jason Statham .
`` Spy '' may not be a great movie , but it is great fun . And at times it will have you wondering if there 's that much of a difference .
It 's a good vehicle for McCarthy , if not the great comedy I hope we 'll eventually see from her .
It 's as if writer/director Paul Feig studied an Ian Fleming list of everything you 're not supposed to do in a spy yarn , then did it all - thereby producing an excellent adventure movie so funny you can barely catch your breath between scenes .
With the overlong , limp and lazy `` Spy , '' Feig has lost his mojo .
Finally , after the promise shown in `` Bridesmaids '' but sold short since by weak scripts in films like `` Tammy '' and `` Identity Thief , '' Melissa McCarthy gets a movie vehicle worthy of her talents .
One part parody , one part thriller , one part lethal satire of movie sexism .
Spy is awfully funny , mostly at the expense of its men .
The intel is in : Melissa McCarthy can carry a comedy . Specifically , `` Spy . ''
-LSB- Feig 's -RSB- best trick is making McCarthy an unironic action lead , using the trappings of comedy to slide past your knee-jerk defenses like an actual covert agent slipping in the back door .
McCarthy is a delight , but it tries too inject a little too much action at the expense of the flow of the comedy .
This is a different sort of comedy that more or less succeeds on its own terms , despite that fact that you find yourself rooting for the post-Snowden CIA .
Feig constructs a nifty screenplay riddled with verbal zingers , crass physicality and sheer dopiness elevated to intellectual levels .
The comedic chemistry between Feig and McCarthy is old news , but here , they show they still have something new , and maybe even important , to offer between the laugh-lines .
McCarthy and director Paul Feig , are a dynamite team , with Feig 's script a bonanza of zingers and femcentric subtext .
Spy lampoons sexism without abandoning sex-a tough tone for a comedy to strike but one that Feig and McCarthy manage to accomplish with both a sense of justice and a sense of humor .
Paul Feig never pretends he is n't making a straight-up comedy , and laughs intentionally trump thrills in every single scene . As they should .
If Kingsman : The Secret Service was like the maniacal twin to 007 , Paul Feig 's Spy is like its uproariously funny , subversive cousin .
As McCarthy vehicles go , Spy is aggressively mid-range and has too many miles on the clock , but it chugs along entertainingly .
Spy rarely goes for an easy joke ; there are so many wonderful setups and payoffs .
Feig 's movies are n't particularly stylish - the visuals in `` Spy '' are serviceable at best , and the makeup is particularly un-subtle - but they possess a silly , sweet streak that makes them irresistibly infectious .
The fun of `` Spy '' comes in watching the right actors mess with their own images , blithely .
Everyone involved seems to have had a good time with `` Spy , '' and so will the audience .
Rare is the broad mainstream comedy that can goof on its bigger-budget Hollywood siblings while providing a few moments of sincere uplift .
The characters are one-dimensional . The narrative is flat and obvious .
As seen in previous films , McCarthy works best with others and Feig here provides a fine array of foils .
McCarthy still seems too willing to settle for slapstick and sentiment instead of mining her characters for truly human comedy .
-LSB- N -RSB- o one is going to upstage Melissa McCarthy without a fight
The busy , silly script allows Ms. McCarthy to be her own best sidekick , in effect an entire sketch-comedy troupe unto herself .
`` Spy , '' plus popcorn , feels just right .
`` Spy '' is too spirited a romp to be completely sunk by excess , managing quite a commotion that takes the basic ingredients of parody and transforms it into a potential franchise .
How many movies can get your heart going during a fight sequence and then crack you up when the heroine accidentally pukes on the guy she just killed ? Trust me , it works .
Quite apart from being a raucously funny comedy , it could be the most significant feminist film of the year . This Miss Moneypenny could be worth billions .
This is the movie we Melissa McCarthy fans have been waiting for : a sweet , silly and stealthily smart spoof that delivers genuine laughs .
Spy is a call to arms for the cowed , and a riotous skewering of the workplace kings
If they do a sequel -LRB- teased in the final seconds -RRB- , they should cut down on the endless , tedious chases and shootouts .
I could watch Melissa McCarthy and Rose Byrne insult each other for days .
Spy is one of the most genial and affectionate spoofs since the Star Trek satire Galaxy Quest , yet it generates belly laughs that are closer to Mel Brooks 's Young Frankenstein or Stan Dragoti 's Love at First Bite .
There is currently no more exciting and rewarding moment in filmed comedy than watching Melissa McCarthy ad-lib .
Paul Feig does n't bring out the best in Melissa McCarthy . He 's a skilled wingman who lets her shine on her own .
There is slapstick here , but we know Susan has the chops to handle things and we are , thankfully , never invited to simply ` laugh at the fat girl ' .
McCarthy and Feig give up the fat jokes for a more deft , daft Bond spoof that benefits greatly from pairing her up with Jason Statham .
If we wind up living in a world in which every movie that Paul Feig directs from this point forward stars Melissa McCarthy , is n't that a pretty good world to live in ?
Spy just gets so much right . You walk away thinking that Susan Cooper could totally put James Bond , Jason Bourne , and Ethan Hunt in a headlock . At the same time , of course .
The best thing Feig and McCarthy have done , a comedy with stupid brilliance and loving mockery in every frame , where the insults fly as fast and hard as the bullets do .
Spy points the way to deploying all of Melissa McCarthy 's ferocious talents - the good , bad and over the top - as a leading lady .
The tricksy plot allows McCarthy to explore the full range of her comic persona , and Feig is smart enough to get out of her way as the mild-mannered Susan starts wielding f-bombs as comfortably as Bond whips around a Walther PPK .
The spirit is one of competitive camaraderie , everyone pushing each other to silly , sometimes surreal heights .
Put the woman in any damn thing she pleases . She 's that good .
Spy wo n't just exceed your expectations ; it 'll shatter them .
It 's the sustained , full-bodied mania of Melissa McCarthy 's performance that anchors the film 's many winning blind-alley gags .
A hugely likeable , perfectly judged parody that provides empowering action and embarrassing incidents in equal measure .
The rule that a spy movie is only as good as its villain does n't really apply here . This one is only as good as the gags , and they are world-beaters .
A deliriously funny dismantling of the spy movie .
Jokes are predictable , cheap and far too easy , as with many films of the spoof sub-genre .
The most surprising thing of all ? Jason Statham is Spy 's secret weapon .
Does some wonderfully seditious feminist things while also being funny as hell . Finally , we are asked to laugh with Melissa McCarthy , not at her .
Once again , director Paul Feig has managed to the best out of Melissa McCarthy .
It 's the terrific characters that elevate this above your average comedy .
There are plenty of jokes , but they 're almost all stale , in bad taste , or simply not funny -LRB- usually all three -RRB- .
I laughed at least three times .
For the most part the humour is fairly broad and sweary ... still , as with Feig 's previous films , the material is elevated considerably by the performances .
It 's a back-handed compliment , sure , but Spy is easily Melissa McCarthy 's best movie yet .
Watching Jason Statham skewer his tough-man persona is just one of Spy 's delights ... It 's here you can see the feminist twist on this take-down of the 007 franchise : dudes make everything worse .
It is good to see McCarthy finally land a vehicle that does her justice .
The car chases might wear out their welcome , but the plot twists are neat , and the physical comedy robust and intense .
There 's a sense of witnessing a woman empowered and it 's a hoot to see McCarthy given the space she deserves to spread her comic wings .
Featuring a game cast more than committed to the faintly ridiculous material they 've been given , Spy is likely to be one of the funniest films of 2015 .
The principal scene-stealer turns out to be Australia 's Rose Byrne . She delivers a performance composed of a series of small comic gems produced with a minimum of fuss .
Melissa McCarthy has more than just a great star vehicle and a likely box office winner on her hands . She may have just `` stumbled '' into her first franchise .
The laughs come flying every which way - conceptually , visually and through a smart and hilarious script that ambushes us with off the wall humour as it canvasses the sense of the ridiculous .
Spy once again confirms that McCarthy and Feig are at the bleeding edge of big-screen comedy right now .
Melissa McCarthy is right up there with Sigourney Weaver and Linda Hamilton
Paul Feig once again shows that he understands how to draw only the best out of Melissa McCarthy , which ensures that Spy is a hilarious espionage thriller that does n't skimp on the action .
A dizzyingly funny espionage comedy , with a non-farcical , non-spoof plot that works on a straightforward level , too .
The girl-power angle is enough of a twist to make the spy spoof feel newish .
Empowering but uneven .
Feig 's commitment to the genre , and some truly wonderful set pieces , make `` Spy '' as lovable as its main character .
-LSB- It made -RSB- the audience howl so loudly that it was hard to hear some of the lines .
Melissa McCarthy finally gets the role she deserves , and she does n't squander it . -LRB- Not for nothing : this is also true of Jason Statham . -RRB-
Melissa McCarthy gets the funniest , most versatile and sustained comic showcase of her movie career in this deliriously entertaining action-comedy .
Fans of Melissa McCarthy can rejoice : With `` Spy , '' the very charming , deeply lovable , potently funny actress finally gets a role worthy of her talent .
Melissa McCarthy comes into her own as a comic star in Spy , stepping out from recent supporting - and co-headlining roles to become the big screen A-lister she promised to be in 2011 's Bridesmaids .
McCarthy and Byrne 's scenes together are cruelly hilarious , with the kind of no-holds-barred insult humor that makes you instinctively drop your jaw and cover your mouth .

@highlight

Simultaneously broad and progressive , Spy offers further proof that Melissa McCarthy and writer-director Paul Feig bring out the best in one another -- and delivers scores of belly laughs along the way .