-LSB- The director 's -RSB- style works well with the script , which is , while perhaps not the most engaging story , interesting and fun enough to sustain the film .
The Victorian sets are terrific and the performances of Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law , both consummate actors with a special style , are excellent . Nevertheless , their performances are not enough to compensate for a less than stellar script .
As for the film itself , in true Guy Ritchie style is was all over the place with the craziness . But if you can set aside your image of Boyle 's Sherlock , you may enjoy this a little more .
There 's plenty of fun and entertainment to be had from Guy Ritchie 's take on the character for both fans of Doyle 's work and for those just getting to know Holmes and Watson .
... Bears the stamp of its director , Guy Ritchie , much more so than that of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle ...
The plot races and roars through a deliciously grungy combination of real sets and CGI for all sorts of big-action scenes in and around turn-of-the-century London .
Ritchie provides big dumb fun , but it 's hard to imagine worse casting than Bob Downey , Jr. . Maybe Verne Troyer or RuPaul . Downey 's self-important bluster and lousy accent ruin the film . But pleasing score from Hans Zimmer 's team .
Proof that Guy Richie can still make good films , though it 's not without flaws .
Purists can , and certainly will , spend much time arguing how much is true to the material and how much was changed but the rest wo n't , and should n't care . The fact is , Sherlock Holmes is just down right entertaining .
Ultimately , it achieves what it sets out to do : to entertain .
Although Ritchie 's itchy camera finger causes confusion in the more kinetic action sequences , Downey and Law take the film far enough into buddy film territory to make the misfires easily forgotten
Sherlock Holmes has something for everybody ; an accessible film is exactly what Guy Ritchie 's been looking for .
In a year in which actioners featured robots with arthritis and sinking ice , Sherlock Holmes might as well be considered a work of genius .
Le film de Guy Ritchie livre la marchandise , même s ` il semble souvent pris entre deux époques ...
Elementary , My dear readers . But not in a nice way .
Ritchie does n't disappoint , and , if you go in with modest expectations , neither does Sherlock Holmes .
Like Ritchie 's best films , this gets the job done as both an intriguing plot puzzle and a bouncy , entertaining romp .
It 's entertaining , but it 's also a bit goofy -- Holmes here is a Victorian 007 .
The whole movie is kind of old-fashioned but also kind of modern at the same time , and I think that contrast is a big part of its appeal .
A character known for his supreme intelligence should not be trapped in such a dumbed-down plot .
Guy Ritchie 's noisy steampunk mauling of Arthur Conan Doyle 's character is great galloping fun if ultimately slighter and less nervy than we might have hoped . Still , Robert Downey Jr. is great fun to watch and Jude Law has a clue .
Sherlock Holmes is neither a cookie-cutter blockbuster nor insulting to the source material .
Sherlock Holmes is ingenious and irreverent , flush with the attitude of unlikely director Guy Ritchie .
What Ritchie and Downey do is embroider and magnify the traits Conan Doyle had already given the characters .
`` The most pleasant surprise I 've had at the movies since Star Trek . ''
Ritchie mounts some impressively exciting action sequences , then bathes everything in dingy browns and grays to achieve an unappealing Victorian griminess .
Más que un relato detectivesco -LRB- la trama `` policial '' es lo menos convincente e interesante de la película -RRB- se trata de una entretenidísima comedia en la que Sherlock Holmes y John Watson son algo así como Starsky y Hutch en el Londres victoriano .
A stylish , frisky film that sets up the franchise deftly
A re-thinking of the Sherlock Holmes character works for the most part thanks to Robert Downey , Jr. and Jude Law . The game is definitely afoot . Paul Chambers , CNN .
Swashbuckling smarts and Downey , Jr. as the perfect super-sleuth .
A loud , stupid film .
... a sporadically amusing yet thoroughly tedious misfire of nigh disastrous proportions .
Hollywoody-ish-ist Sherlock ever . Downey Jr. and Law are magical though ...
Guy Ritchie 's film arrives with the bristling , cocksure , indefatigable force of a movie preordained as a franchise-in-waiting . This is pop Hollywood filmmaking , but not something anyone should feel the need to think about , or see more than once .
Fortunately , the film does n't need to rely on its supporting cast too much , because its two leads are absolutely fantastic in their respective roles .
The film called `` Sherlock Holmes '' that has been raking in the money at the box office this Christmas season does not really exist at all . It 's an illusion . A Jedi Mind Trick .
Despite a few laggard moments of slow going , Ritchie has pulled off an entertaining coup in giving us a Holmes for the 21st century by digging back to the 19th century original and adding a few bells and whistles .
With his reckless attitude , Downey Jr may not be the refined Sherlock Holmes of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's conjuring , but this feisty reimagining is strikingly impressive and cements Downey 's standing as one of the best actors in Hollywood .
Intermittently snazzy entertainment
Já era hora do ocupante da Baker Street 221B voltar a dar as caras nas telonas a fim de ser apresentado a uma nova geração -- algo que o cineasta Guy Ritchie faz de maneira divertida e relativamente eficiente .
Elementary , my dear -- as in , that 's what Ritchie 's spirited but superficial version of Arthur Conan Doyle 's iconic detective ends up being .
... Sherlock Holmes for the ADD generation , jerking and twitching like a crank freak itching for his next sniff .
Guy Ritchie hit the big time with this flick but there is too much of the gangs of London and too little of the rumpled professor in the character of the famous detective .
It 's a good-looking film that is fun and comic , with fine performances from Law , Downey and , especially , Strong .
There is also far too much violence -LRB- both slow-motion and speeded-up -RRB- and too many frenetic chases . Unendearing , then , but not unentertaining .
It 's everything you want from a family holiday movie , but not worthy of the world 's greatest detective .
Sherlock Holmes is never less than entertaining throughout however , and the marvellous chemistry between the leads practically demands a sequel .
Essentially , this is Lethal Weapon in ye olde worlde London , which will surely have the purists up in arms , but as buddy flicks go , it 's a welcome twist . And certainly Ritchie 's best film since Lock , Stock ...
This Sherlock Holmes refuses to take himself seriously . Brilliant , because it allows to RDJ and Ritchie to let rip with their non-traditionalist revamp . Not so great because super-sleuthing loses out to bone-crunching . Either way , the brio is infectious .
The views of Victorian London are just as seductive as Downey Jr , who exudes an aura of troubled genius , though that 's all the information you 're likely to retain , as there 's rarely a moment to think between all the fights and explosions .
There is clear chemistry between the leads and watching them bicker is the film 's strongest appeal .
The franchise has got itself two cracking characters and one enticing setting . Now all it needs is a half-decent story to go with them .
Nigh-on unforgivable . An all-fumbling , all-bumbling , all-trundling crock of crud , that 's not so much Snatch in a Deerstalker as bum on a flagpole .
Raucous , rough energy infuses this film from start to finish , carrying us along even when the slightly over-egged script starts to feel somewhat slender . And it 's the terrific chemistry between Downey and Law that makes the film worth seeing .
A visually flashy festive crowd pleaser anchored by Robert Downey Jnr 's inherent likeability and on-screen chemistry with Jude Law .
This balance of brain and brawn skews too far in the wrong direction , with a few too many mindless action sequences overcompensating for the shortcomings of a tedious story .
What was the thinking behind all this ?
Worst of all , this Sherlock Holmes is n't fun .
This new Sherlock Holmes movie asks the question , `` What if Sherlock Holmes belonged to Fight Club ? ''
No , the problem is n't that the movie makes the Holmes character more of an action hero than Doyle ever intended . It 's that it sticks Holmes and Watson into one of the dumbest , most boring stories imaginable .
Funnels Ritchie 's visual gifts into an engaging reawakening of the world-famous consulting detective , bringing the iconic sleuth to a new generation of filmgoers by way of fisticuffs , homoerotic tension , and cunning star power .
while it is tempting to see Downey 's portrayal and Ritchie 's amped-up aesthetic approach to the material as revisionism for an attention-addled generation , in many ways it is closer in spirit and tone to Doyle 's eccentric character
One for this modern age of non-thinking action-packed blockbuster movies .
One of the sourest experiences of my movie year , not a mindless sequel , but ... the needless dumbing-down , almost gleeful sacralizing , and generic homogenizing of an established property so that it can yield mindless sequels .
More indebted to Ritchie 's particular brand of stylistically exhausting action-adventure than to Conan Doyle 's elegant prose and intensely intellectual anti-hero .
For the most part , quirky British filmmaker Guy Ritchie has managed to take the character out of mothballs without desecrating Conan Doyle 's original vision .
Make no mistake , Sherlock Holmes is every inch a Guy Ritchie picture -- only it 's a Guy Ritchie picture about Sherlock Holmes .
This is a hip interpretation of the source material but give me Basil Rathbone any day as Holmes .
The film does what it sets out to do , re-establish Holmes as a cinematic hero worth knowing and watching .
While a fish rots from its head down , a film suffers from the screenplay up -- which is where Sherlock Homes stinks .
It 's great fun watching Robert Downey Jr. sink his teeth -- and everything else -- into the role of a brainy , brawny Sherlock Holmes .
Strahovi da % u0107e Ritchiejev tretman slavnog detektiva predstavljati jo % u0161 jedno holivudsko silovanje kulturne ba % u0161tine uglavnom nisu bili opravdani
In this adaptation , the Arthur Conan Doyle character is turned into a slightly crazed superhero , an autistic detective savant , in an action movie .
Purists may bemoan its modern slant but those just looking for action and thrills will be entertained
A miracle : a film in the National Treasure format actually worth a damn .
Downey continues his hot streak of performances % u2014 which by itself is worth the price of admission % u2014 and there 's a lot to love about this big screen interpretation of Holmes . Case closed .
Sherlock Holmes is a solid , enjoyable film with a fun score , a great use of sound and environment , and a trio of confederates you will want to know more of .
Downey 's a joy but , personally , I 'll take more Arthur Conan Doyle and less Guy Ritchie .
In short , this movie somehow does Doyle proud , and unlike other revisionist takes on the detective gone horribly wrong -LRB- like 1985 's Young Sherlock Holmes -RRB- this one gets so much right enjoying it is positively elementary .
Sherlock Holmes is back . I wish I could say this is the thrill ride of the season . But it 's just -- a ride of the season .
Not a great film by any stretch of the imagination , director Guy Ritchie 's full-speed-ahead effort still qualifies as decent holiday-season fare .
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's legendary sleuth gets a cinematic adrenaline shot for this wildly entertaining and action-packed mystery .
It 's all knotted together , then unraveled with brio , by Holmes and Watson . There are fisticuffs galore , fiery combustion aplenty , and , yes , my dear reader , clever deduction .
The very idea of handing him over to professional lad Guy Ritchie , to be played as a punch-throwing quipster by Robert Downey Jr. , is so profoundly stupid one can only step back in dismay .
Downey never winks -- heâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s too much of a pro for that -- but like the man heâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s playing , heâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s much , much smarter than the movie heâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s in .
The title of this picture should be changed immediately to `` Robert Downey Jr. ''
This latest Holmes -- frequently stripped down to suspenders and pantaloons , the better for bareknuckle brawling -- may displease Arthur Conan Doyle purists but should find favor with audiences eager for a fun , witty action movie .
-LSB- Downey 's -RSB- more masculine interpretation of the character is never anything less than startling , fresh , and altogether entertaining .
The delight of Downey and Law in combination proves you do n't have to feature a great villain or a complete story if you 've got two super heroes .
By now we 've seen so many good , bad , and indifferent Sherlocks that it 's almost a relief to get something different , however wrongheaded . And there 's no such thing as too much Downey .
Sherlock Holmes is certainly entertaining but the Jerry Bruckheimer-type action is too constant , and I did n't feel a consistent flow in the movie .
Instead of relying of high-tech gadgetry and big-budget Hollywood CGI , Guy Ritchie 's gritty Sherlock Holmes does what major films often do n't : delivers big-payoff action sequences merely utilizing the body and mind .
This is one Ugly , cheap looking movie . While Holmes is good in small doses , 2 hours of him is a bit much , even if it 's Robert Downey Jr. whom I have mad love for .
The obvious millions pumped into the film 's CGI effects , set design and star salaries are smothered by its piercingly loud music and sound effects , choppy , confusing editing , and heavy handed use of both slow and fast motion .
If you can get past the hyperactivity of the film , you should have a good time .
Downey Jr. plays the brainiac detective like an overheating machine -- what cools him off is a puzzle .
Playing literature 's greatest detective as a sort of self-loathing action hero , Downey has an absolute blast . And thanks to his performance in Sherlock Holmes , so do we .
To make Holmes palatable to technology addicted , everything 's gotta-go-fast moviegoers throw Indiana Jones and Harry Potter themes at the screen and see what sticks .
Downey Jr. puts a perfect spin on the character in Guy Ritchie 's comeback film which contains the greatest slow-motion explosion scene I have ever seen .
A decent action movie that goes down like fast food would often be enough to recommend , but generations of Holmes fans and those who have come to expect more from actors this talented may be disappointed that it 's not closer to filet mignon .
A visually stylish rush of adrenaline with an amusing , engaging performance by Robert Downey , Jr. , but there 's too much nauseating action and not enough palpable excitement while the mystery itself lacks intrigue and suspense .
Fueled by director Guy Ritchie 's fast-paced action and Robert Downey Jr. 's uncanny skill at inventing his own unique spin on his characters , Sherlock Holmes thoroughly entertains from beginning to end .
The purists may cringe but those willing to accept this as simply another in a long line of reinterpretations of the Holmes and Watson stories will find much to enjoy ,
Retains the spirit and a surprising number of details from the original source material . A sequel seems elementary .
Ritchie 's ` Sherlock Holmes ' is ` Brokeback Mountain ' without the sex and depth of emotion .
Dazzling visuals and hipster dialogue , but a story that stays true to the original source material .
Serves notice that Baker Street 's most famous inhabitant will be with us well into the new millennium .
Gritty , action-packed take on famous sleuth 's adventures .
The people who made Did You Hear About The Morgans ? probably wish they cast Downey and Law instead of Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker
A brutal jackhammer of a movie that 's more Jerry Bruckheimer than Sherlock Holmes .
Holmes and Watson are reinvented as action-movie stars in this infectiously entertaining , rollicking good yarn .
Dour , slow , and with little to stimulate the mind or the emotions , Sherlock Holmes is a big bust .
It 's one of the more fun , big-budgeted , big-studio films to come around of late .
In Sherlock Holmes , Robert Downey Jr. cracks ` The Case of the Perfect Actor . '
This is a swashbuckling , pratfalling romp designed to make cerebral Holmes purists drop their monocles into their teacups .
Though purists may balk at Arthur Conan Doyle 's literary world being manhandled into a blockbuster by never-subtle director Guy Ritchie , Downey has a winning take on Holmes : He 's always on .
What is surprising is how bland the results are . The explosions and action sequences have an odd cheapness to them and the central plot is one of those dreary take-over-the-world routines .
Despite some arresting visual flourishes and Downey 's inherent likeability , it 's nearly incoherent both as cinema and as story .
At times , Ritchie and company try so hard to make sure this is n't your father 's Sherlock Holmes that it comes across as , well , cartoonish .
It seems that an evil aristocrat , executed for a series of murders , returns from the dead to mobilize an ancient secret society that he may have time-traveled into a Dan Brown novel to learn about . Does n't that sound fascinating ? I thought not .
The game is not afoot .
This is rip-roaring action-adventure of high order , a sometimes dizzying but ultimately thrilling display of showmanship on the part of the actors , director and screenwriters .
Guy Ritchie is the worst screenwriter in the world , but , to be fair , he is not the worst director . He is only the worst director of the people who actually get to make movies .
Robert Downey Jr. makes a perfect Sherlock Holmes .
... the supremely talented Robert Downey Jr. is in danger of becoming a brand now , even if he can still milk a laugh with a well timed toss off ...
I enjoyed the hell out of Sherlock Holmes .
If you can get with a funny , jumpy , modern re-invention of these characters then you 're going to have a great time .
I dug it .
As the new and implausible Sherlock Holmes , Robert Downey Jr. again lends his eccentric charms and complexly freighted persona to a role that does n't deserve them .
As the title character , Downey , Jr. shines ...
Parental Content Review
Downey conveys the almost compulsive , almost Aspergers aspects of the Holmes character .
Sherlock Holmes is a noisy , brutish film that , while forgettable , is at least an entertaining romp .
Downey Jr. and Law are so good , they make up for the weak mystery .
Downey , playing the cerebral Holmes as a cleanliness-impaired action hero , and Jude Law , as Dr. Watson , make one yearn fondly for Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce .
As a Christmas diversion , it will work for some . As a tribute and effort to introduce Sherlock Holmes to a new generation , it 's a notable disappointment .
Rollicking , irreverent , and yet true to the spirit , if not the letter , of the Holmsian canon , this is a version of Holmes that finds the perfect balance between cerebral and spectacle
If you want to finish 2009 with a fun , entertaining movie % u2013 go see Sherlock Holmes .
There 's a mystery at the heart of Sherlock Holmes and it 's not the one the great master of detection has been called on to solve . It 's how a film that has so many good things going for it has turned out to be solid but not spectacular .
It 's a story with more potential than your typical big-event , action-hero movie , but unfortunately the way it plays out is less than satisfactory .
Charmless and shapeless , larded down with nonsensical action scenes , witless repartee and a `` plot '' stitched together by a committee of writers who 've watched `` The Da Vinci Code '' too many times .
exhilarating
Pop culture 's most enduring sleuth gets a welcome , modernized makeover in Guy Ritchie 's Sherlock Holmes .
It 's good enough to just sit back and enjoy Downey and Law plays Holmes and Watson as Victorian versions of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid .
Yes , this Holmes is leaner and meaner , and Watson -LRB- Jude Law -RRB- is nearly his equal . But there 's still something fussy about the result , as if bobbies had broken up the party at 11:59 .
Put away your period-movie expectations and you just might have a lot of fun . What makes this movie work is actually something very old-fashioned : movie-star chemistry .
Arthur Conan Doyle 's legendary bloodhound of justice given a less than awesome makeover .
... just a single casting decision away from being another brilliant update . Instead , it 's just a wonderful , if flawed , entertainment .
Stick that in your pipe and smoke it .
Guy Ritchie 's Holmes reboot feels both too complicated and too elementary , dear Watson .
If Sherlock Holmes truly is the world 's most keen detective , surely he would have sniffed out that this film was a stinker .
Guy Ritchie 's frenzied , over-long `` reimagining '' of the much-adapted Conan Doyle character is n't quite the blasphemy you 'd think , thanks to a solid cast and Robert Downey Jr 's inherent likability as the title .
The less I thought about Sherlock Holmes , the more I liked Sherlock Holmes .
... did n't entirely click for me , yet there is something to be said for the fact that I 'm not dreading the inevitable sequel .
The modern irony coursing through ` Sherlock Holmes ' meshes well with its charms as an old-fashioned , Saturday afternoon serial .
Who the deuce decided to filter Sherlock Holmes through Batman & Robin ?
A yarn that at times feels like a throwback to the mega-actioners of the '80s , when leads could get away with being incorrigible cards as long as they had someone by their side to keep them grounded .
This new take on the classic story proves to be a snappy , fast-paced , albeit confusing , action comedy that 's smarter than the average fare .
Old London , achieved via superb visual effects , is breathtaking in its grimy verisimilitude . And Downey is charming . But his world is jarringly frenetic , in the manner of most Ritchie films .
It 's hard to get too bent out of shape about Sherlock Holmes , partly because the actors seem to take so much pleasure in the act of giving us a crazy spectacle .
The movie as a whole is clever , and conspicuously overwrought . But Mr. Downey 's performance is elegantly wrought ; he 's as quick-witted as his legendary character .
It 's a pretty darn good time , and easily the best movie Ritchie 's made in years .
Despite being overlong and losing much of its steam halfway through , the film comes out ahead thanks to Downey and Law .
The whole film does n't feel so much like Holmes as a strange and unwanted sequel to Will Smith 's Wild Wild West .
Ritchie 's accomplished the feat of resurrecting his career as a pulp stylist -LRB- London 's Tarantino -- you could be called worse -RRB- ...
`` Sherlock Holmes '' may feel a little too modern , more adrenaline than brain-power , more brash than British , but it 's an all right action-pleasure if you do n't mind that the game 's more a-fist than afoot .
Sherlock Holmes , while a diverting enough night out , is both fun and numb , enjoyable and exhausting . It 's a case of more adding up to less .
It 's not that I would call Sherlock Holmes ` smart , ' as I do n't think it ever truly is , but rather ` not stupid . '
This is not your great grandfather 's Sherlock Holmes .
Precisely the sort of mindlessly revved-up , high-octane thing one expects from Guy Ritchie ... a desecration rather than an updating .
-LSB- N -RSB- erdy enough to be respectful to the beloved source material but geeky enough to express its affection the only way geeks know how : with winking snark and post-postmodern metacommentary ...
Masterfully crafted by Guy Ritchie , this refreshing take on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's sleuth is a great vehicle for Downey to create another distinctively eccentric character .
For all the film 's wit and zing , there 's no momentum -- we get a series of stirring , entertaining scenes , but they never add up to a complete story . It 's a series of desserts with no main course .
It 's a highly entertaining example of the form , directed with just the right amount of panache by Guy Ritchie , whose showmanship finally finds the right side of self-indulgence .
Ritchie 's new school take on an old school icon is respectful without being overly reverential , loud and fun without becoming dumb and hollow , talky but never slow .
Full of new revelations about the old British sleuth whose exploits were based on the great Encyclopedia Brown .
Watching -LSB- the -RSB- tough , sarcastic Holmes chase the many carrots the film dangles for him is the chief pleasure in this crafty tangle of little clues and tightly wound action .
Holmes is primarily about a very small handful of things : men 's fashions , Victorian clutter , fistfights and explosions , and `` period detail , '' London at its soot-blackened , Industrial Age grimiest , foul with spilled gin and rotting meat .
This Sherlock Holmes combines dark arts and action , wit and tongue-in-cheek mirth , to feel like a great film adaptation of a comic book version of Holmes .
Like other Ritchie movies , it 's violence with an impish sense of humor , and he may have found the perfect imp in Downey Jr.
-LSB- Downey -RSB- brings a wry conviction to even the most hackneyed part or ridiculously written role .
This spazzy , sour project is to every previous Holmes picture as the Stephen Sommers Mummy pictures are to the great 1932 creeper The Mummy .
It 's the mad genius of Holmes that Downey Jr. taps into so well . And from that mischievous gleam in the eyes to the unkempt appearance , he 's a joy to behold . The same can be said for Law .
Not even Sherlock Holmes could make much sense out of the overplotted , murky mess that is Sherlock Holmes , although Arthur Conan Doyle 's legendarily brainy detective would probably never buy a ticket to a movie as elephant-footed as this one ...
Given a worthy story , Downey 's Holmes might have been memorable . Here , he 's an interesting character in search of a worthwhile story .
Guy 's flaky Sherlock on acid slapstick yarn mixes the mystical and macabre , with its own insane inner logic that might be a headscratcher even for Holmes . So best to just savor Downey 's cartoonish conspiracy theorist and Victorian busybody gumshoe .
So grim and unappealing it sours the movie-watching experience .
Something tells me the only good deduction likely to come from this Sherlock Holmes is a tax deduction for Warner Bros.
a ripping good time at the movies
You 'd need a special magnifying glass to identify any elements of Doyle 's original literary source material that lends the title character his name .
Mr. Ritchie is one of the worst bogus `` directors '' in film history . I just hoped he might have grown up enough to enlighten the world about the secret lives of two of my favorite mystery characters . Alas , they 're both as cardboard as a Madonna lobby
Guy Ritchie 's best movie , and maybe Robert Downey , Jr. 's too .
The good news is that Ritchie , even as he packs in the explosions and last-minute rescues for the schoolkids , does n't ignore the shank meat of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's concept -- the esprit enjoyed by Holmes and Dr. Watson as thinking Englishmen .
Ritchie is all about the whooshing and headbanging , leaving no space between Holmes ' words to savor their meaning . Downey is irresistible . The movie , not so much .
Whiplash quick and twice as exciting .
This 21st century re-imagining of Scotland Yard 's supersleuth is less Arthur Conan Doyle and more Guy Ritchie . It 's elementary that some `` game 's afoot . ''
Belongs on a shelf next to the Will Smith Wild Wild West : a remake that seems more excreted than created ... too long , too generic and not nearly as clever as it seems to think .
There is a synergistic relationship here in this movie between Director Guy Ritchie and Robert Downey Jr. that works in a grand way .
It 's not going to rock your world , but Guy Ritchie 's take on the classic detective series has got a lot going for it . Most notably , of course , it 's got Robert Downey , Jr. and that 's just fine with me .
Ritchie piles on the excess . It serves him well in fashioning a dazzling , detailed version of 1880s London , with the pardon-our-dust construction of the landmark Tower Bridge a pivotal element .
A fun , action-packed reintroduction to Conan Doyle 's classic characters . Part Two should provide more in the way of scope .
Daft but fun .
Guy Ritchie combines his kinetic direction with the limitless charms of Downey Jr and Jude Law to come up with terrific entertainment that 's equal parts brains and brawn .
Sherlock Holmes represents not a radical reinterpretation of the character , but instead a nearly revolutionary return to the genuine pulp roots of what Doyle originally envisioned .
Usually more laid-back chaps , Sherlock Holmes and sidekick Watson are now action heroes in a tale stripped of modulations , intelligence and finesse .
Arthur Conan Doyle 's iconic Sherlock Holmes , the British detective with extraordinary deductive powers in the hands of director Guy Ritchie will disappoint many , including me .
Guy Ritchie gets a lot right and a lot wrong in his supposed ` back to the source ' Sherlock Holmes , which might be called ` the case of too much attitude ' .
For with time running out on 2009 , it 's wonderful that one of the old year 's last gifts should be a reminder of the superb possibilities of blockbuster cinema .
Ritchie 's Sherlock Holmes is a riot . The director takes on a British institution with a swagger and a wink and the result is boisterous and unabashed fun .
-LSB- Guy Ritchie -RSB- has managed to steal hours of precious time belonging to cinemagoers everywhere for his latest silly escapade .
At two-hours plus , it goes on a bit but Ritchie appears in his element working from someone else 's script and Downey Jr brings real verve to role previously known for its starch and conformity .
The plot is frequently incomprehensible , and Rachel McAdams 's poorly photographed femme fatale could be edited out of the picture without making much difference . Most of the time , I had n't a clue what she was doing , and she did n't seem to either .
The movie is alive with cinematic magic , played out in an expertly-recreated capital full of grime , grubbiness and occasional grandeur .
The script here is a pretext for fatuous action pyrotechnics , misfiring comedy , the inevitable star from Central Crumpet Casting and CG jiggery-pokery evoking Ye Olde London . In short : Doc , Sh ` lock and Every Scraped Barrel .
Ritchie is all at sea because he has no grasp of language as something comic , a problem intensified by the thin overlay of `` period '' .
A handsome , entertaining romp of a film that they really should have called Lock , Stock And Two Smoking Pipes .
Sherlock Holmes is a surprisingly enjoyable action / adventure romp that deserves the sequel it 's obviously hoping for .
If you can get over the idea of Sherlock Holmes as an action hero -- and if , indeed , you want to -- then there is something to enjoy about this flagrant makeover of fiction 's first modern detective into a man of brawn as much as brain .
The plot ? Wish you had n't asked .
Downey and Law are terrific together . For me , watching them act is the movie 's principal pleasure .
While Downey Jr provides his usual devil-may-care charm , this Sherlock Holmes ultimately feels like an excuse for high-energy action sequences rather than an attempt to breathe new life into a dusty literary icon .
The film is Ritchie 's most coherent bit of storytelling . The tone is light but not facetious and the pace would be hectic if there were n't so many humdrum lacunae .
Ritchie 's ` Sherlock Holmes ' is effective as a caricatured comedy adventure and shows some fidelity to Arthur Conan Doyle , especially in Downey Jr 's portrayal of the eccentric but cold-hearted Holmes .
Ritchie , Downey Jr and Law have done just about as good a job at reimagining the great sleuth for the modern audiences as one could have hoped .
Robert Downey Jr. 's vigorously athletic , charming turn fits well into Guy Ritchie 's briskly light and entertaining but not too deep conception of the iconic detective as an action star for our times .
It 's a hollow attempt at modernisation , and quickly grows dull . Watson 's big dilemma - whether to quit his life with Holmes for marriage to lovely Mary has , at heart , all the depth of a Wham ! song .
The film never recovers the head of steam from the opening ... but the Holmes-Watson duo fizzes to the end . On this showing , they deserve another case .
The pace rarely slackens throughout , the set pieces are explosive , the score relentlessly thunderous . Victorian London is recreated - relying on copious use of computer effects - with an eye for the grimy reality .
Great , energetic fun ! Guy Ritchie is back and delivers a strong , gay romance . Entire production excellent .
Brisk and brainy reworking of the legendary detective 's mythos makes the delightful Robert Downey Jr. into a rumpled , complicated and alternately swashbuckling and pratfalling Holmes for our time .
At last , Guy Ritchie has found the perfect vessel for his sugar-rush , hyper-kinetic style of filmmaking .




@highlight

Guy Ritchie 's directorial style might not be quite the best fit for an update on the legendary detective , but Sherlock Holmes benefits from the elementary appeal of a strong performance by Robert Downey , Jr. .