Artists including Mick Jagger talk about their backing singers -- and the soundtrack is , of course , heavenly .
Joyous , uplifting , melancholy and nostalgic , Twenty Feet From Stardom is a stunning salute to the singers who stay in the background , but whose talents can never be contained there .
While there are moments in the film awkwardly placed to achieve moments of pensiveness from the talent , what it does well is offers a point of view where there was n't before .
As illuminating as it is thoroughly entertaining .
Just thrilling . Watching this movie feels like finally giving credit where it 's overdue .
Smart , thoughtful docu shines light on background singers .
When you stop to realise what these girls have done to enrich your life , only for one to become a cleaner and another to start teaching Spanish , your tears will be real .
Joyous and uplifting ...
It celebrates these women 's ... genuine , selfless love and devotion to the music itself . And to hear that in an era of get-fame-quick shows such as The Voice , where ` tuning ' stars ' voices is standard practice , gives you a genuine glow .
20 Feet from Stardom , this year 's Oscar-winner for Best Documentary , is both rousing , upbeat fare ... and a film steeped in a strange sense of yearning and regret .
Morgan Neville 's hugely enjoyable , Oscar-winning documentary celebrates the unsung heroes who helped make some of popular music 's most celebrated songs and albums special .
Consciously avoiding a Dreamgirls vibe that suggests their failure was a showbiz tragedy , Neville lets his subjects unabashedly strut their stuff .
Twenty Feet From Stardom is an illuminating and hugely entertaining documentary with important , far-reaching messages to boot .
This hugely enjoyable film puts Love and others up front and centre , where we feel they belong .
Entertaining and uplifting , this Oscar-winning documentary tells the unknown story of the back-up singers who made classic records so memorable .
An enjoyable arts feature with its heart in the right place ...
Such a great idea for a documentary , and such a surprise to realise that it has never been done before .
As directed by Morgan Neville , who obviously adores these women , it 's their hopes and disappointments , triumphs and heartbreaks and fabulous , passionate personalities that takes this film to another level , and will take you with it .
This is a musical field of dreams high in corn , but also , sometimes , in the epiphanic empowerment and wonder of stardom conferred .
A warm and fitting tribute to talented singers .
A highly entertaining musical history lesson that could -LRB- and should -RRB- just boost a few careers into the bargain .
Nostalgia is an integral part of the formula here , with familiar tracks -LRB- and voices -RRB- chiming to reams of archive material that are cut together with infectious rhythm and zip by director Morgan Neville .
A crowdpleaser that also tells an important story about showbiz , it 's fab . You 'll come out singing .
, Morgan Neville 's soul-stirring celebration of backing vocalists is a bona fide crowd-pleaser with substance to match .
You rush to Spotify to hear more of their songs post-credits .
This must-see documentary for any fan of modern pop music introduces us to the extraordinary women you did n't know were behind some of the songs you know by heart .
The message is that singing is a higher calling than chart success - a point this history makes with intelligence , grace and killer music .
This is the type of film that should be shown to any teenager aspiring to endeavor a career in the arts .
Morgan Neville 's soulfully doting documentary pays tribute to the background singers who 've been so essential , albeit anonymously , to rock 'n' roll history .
20 Feet From Stardom does n't shy away from the harder truths of the industry , but it goes down easily , and is stylishly assembled , spryly executed , and satisfyingly arced to end in triumph .
Though it never quite digs as deep as it thinks it 's going , 20 Feet from Stardom is a richly entertaining experience , mostly because the music does so much of the work .
By turns funny , rousing , intriguing , sad and frustrating .
It 's that versatility that defines these singers , the ability to make following seem as important as leading .
The documentary tells similarly poignant stories in a fast-paced 91 minutes through interviews , contemporary concert footage and great archival stuff .
The backup singers profiled in 20 Feet From Stardom have been crucial to the soundtracks of our lives , but their stories have rarely been told before .
The unforgettable film highlights the stories of gifted vocalists who pray their time is going to come , which transcends the music industry . Is n't that what most of us hope for ? In many ways , we all start in the background .
If I had this much talent in the one room , and so much concert footage of them bringing down the house , adding ` la la las ' and ` oohs ' to some of the greatest songs ever written , I would n't quite know what to cut out either .
While major names turn up for interviews -LRB- a gracious Bruce Springsteen , a funny Mick Jagger , a technical Sting -RRB- , this is primarily all about these unsung singers , especially the great Darlene Love , who began her career under contract to Phil Spector .
An affecting love letter to those who spent their lives on the edge of the spotlight .
A hit on the festival circuit , affectionately told , Twenty Feet from Stardom is a treat .
A life affirming , toe-tapping documentary that not only places the magnifying glass on back-up singers , their role and music , but examines the music scene and its icons during the past 50 years
As long as you 're hearing the singing and stories of Lisa Fischer , Merry Clayton , and the great Darlene Love , you can bliss out on their passion .
Part musical history lesson , part performance film and part character study -- all of which combines to become its own song of hope and inspiration .
Backup singers step into the light in a great music documentary .
All of these special ladies -- most of them ironically unsung and often exploited -- obviously know their way around a microphone
A heartfelt and rousing documentary tribute to the talent and artistry of female backup singers .
I guess it leaves us with the message not everyone is destined to be a star , for one reason or another .
Although a few white and male backup singers appear , the film becomes a de facto chronicle of the experiences of many African-American women in show business , who -- like their counterparts in less high-profile jobs -- often are undervalued and exploited .
In a way , critics are the backup singers of film .
20 Feet From Stardom will be highly entertaining to anyone who ever let a needle drop into a '70s - era groove .
Neville does a good job of highlighting songs that are especially characterized by backup singers , like Lou Reed 's ` Walk on the Wild Side , ' and introducing us to some of the ` unsung ' talent that made those hits possible .
This fantastic glimpse into the lives of background singers , old and new , directed by Morgan Neville , is completely mesmerizing .
It is a total pleasure , a rare treat , to listen and watch old footage of these indispensable performers belt out their melodies and harmonies . They are truly pioneers that helped shape the world of music for generations to come .
This is a fascinating doc for pop , soul , R&B and rock fans , for it peels back the often unfair layers of the music business like the skins on an onion . Sometimes , it 'll make you cry to witness how terribly these talents were treated .
The movie takes its cues from Standing in the Shadows of Motown , another act of pop-culture revisionism that tried to give musical credit where it was due .
It 's important to finally put names and faces to the voices of these women because , without them , countless songs would sound horrible .
Neville 's greatest strength is as a historian , able to sort through a wealth of details to find the pieces he needs to tell one clear , compelling story .
Just about everything in this movie is right . And anybody who gives a rip about unsung heroines of popular music and giving credit when credit 's overdue had better come up with a good excuse not to see it .
Salutes songs that would n't work without the back-ups and , in effect , turn us all into back-up singers .
Not the deepest documentary you 're likely to come across this year -- in fact , it 's not deep at all -- but it may well be the most enjoyable one .
You may never hear the Rolling Stones 's Gim me Shelter the same way again after hearing Jagger 's and Clayton 's separate accounts of the recording of the song .
The transcendent joy and agonizing heartbreak of making music - and trying to make it in music - have seldom been captured as vividly as in `` 20 Feet from Stardom . ''
The enthusiasm and love of music on display is just unavoidable . `` 20 Feet '' may not get the whole story , but it gets some good ones .
Music documentarian Morgan Neville uses a mix of live interviews and archival footage to let the singers , and their music , tell their stories of vocal triumph and thwarted ambition .
If music has the power to connect , `` Twenty Feet From Stardom '' shows it 's those backup voices making the connection .
You know all those doo-doo-doos and whoa-whoas-whoas you hear in pop hits ? Without them , supplied by the likes of Darlene Love and Merry Clayton , you likely would n't be singing along to the songs you hear on your car radio .
Lovers of classic R&B and rock will never get tired of revisiting this movie and its bonanza of performance footage .
For once , the spotlight shines on these brilliant women who spent most of their careers on the outskirts of fame with minimal fortune to show for their efforts .
Jubilant , informative , and teeming with iconic music , 20 Feet from Stardom is a riveting sit , blasting a spotlight on singers worthy of the intense heat .
Following Fisher and Hill verité style on their busy days freshens the nostalgia ... Informative and entertaining , gives well-deserved r-e-s-p-e-c-t . No auto-tuning or dubs .
20 Feet from Stardom is a thorough -- to the point of feeling a bit long -- document on the craft .
This spirited , thoughtful look at unheralded but ubiquitous artists gives supreme credit where credit is due .
This is one of those documentaries that you just wish could keep going .
This illuminating documentary looks into a small corner of the music industry to find deeper truths about talent , artistry and success .
Loaded with stirring anecdotes and even richer music , Twenty Feet also makes for a fascinating study in ego sublimation .
Celebrate and sing along .
An engaging look at the nexus of art and commerce , talent and hard work . It 's a story of standing out and blending in , sometimes at the same time .
A film that may be the happiest time you 'll have at the movies all summer .
This film festival favorite is a genuine crowd pleaser , meant to right a few wrongs in the music industry , offer a window into the lives of some hard-charging entertainers , and above all make audiences leave the theater humming a song .
Uplifting and intriguing , appealing to fans of R & B and classic rock 'n' roll .
With its pulsating soundtrack and compelling subject matter 20 Feet from Stardom is an exuberant celebration of some of modern music 's most invaluable and unsung heroines .
20 Feet from Stardom has it all -- electric , revelatory stories , engaging personalities , and a gusto that takes you higher and higher .
The rich Rhythm and Blues music of rock 's early days is the best of the best .
Its stories are so rich in detail -- and , alternately , humor , heartache and triumph -- that one will leave never quite being able to listen to the FM dial in quite the same way .
If you think the music industry is based on talent , think again , because some of the most dynamic singers in the business are virtual unknowns ...
Regardless of musical preference , this worthwhile documentary that pays tribute to backup singers is a crowd-pleaser .
Want a feel-good movie this summer ? Have I got the DOCUMENTARY for you !
A musical and historical treasure , a deep reflection on the vagaries of fame . Candid and moving , 20 Feet From Stardom is an unforgettable portrayal of some magnificent performers .
A must see for anyone interested in the crossroads between performing talent and business .
Above all , the movie works thanks to its doggedly personal focus , with the subjects given a rare chance to shape their own narratives .
I have rarely seen a movie that better expressed the revivifying nature of music .
The pantheon gets its overdue spotlight in Morgan Neville 's `` Twenty Feet From Stardom , '' a documentary nearly as glorious as the voices it celebrates .
In a film that 's often sad but not without its triumphs , director Morgan Neville smartly explores the complex role that ego and self-promotion play in this profession .
When any one of these women steps up to the microphone - well , they really soar . And they carry us along with them .
Their voices are powerful enough to tear you apart and put you back together again , and their stories will do the same .
This generous , fascinating documentary about the careers of backup singers , most of them African-American women , seeks to rewrite the history of pop music by focusing attention on voices at once marginal and vital .
They perform with world-famous musical acts , but theirs are not household names . Their stories , however , are inspiring , heartbreaking and enthralling .
Why should you see a documentary about backup singers ? One look at the electrifying 20 Feet From Stardom and you 'll have the answer , that is , after you stop cheering .
More than a tribute , the film is a recognition of the talent and sacrifice that many of these vocalists have invested in often challenging careers .
Neville does n't dwell unduly on the vicissitudes of fame ; he 's more concerned with celebrating his subjects ' accomplishments and giving them a -LRB- nother -RRB- chance through new recordings on which they sing both backup and lead .
Sundance-premièred '20 Feet from Stardom ' showcases those fantastic backing voices which come from largely unknown uncredited throats .
A reverential retrospective representing the first tip of the cap to backups I can remember since Lou Reed warbled ` And the colored girls go ! ' on the gritty ditty ` Walk on the Wild Side . '
An amazing group of women with stories that need to be heard and seen to be believed .
An exquisitely rendered look at the dialectics of celebrity and artistry , luck and hard work , its conversation laced with smart observations about race and gender .
-LSB- Neville -RSB- nails the sense of joie de vivre these extraordinary artists put into every note-a tribute to doing it for the love of the expression over stardom that provides incalculable amounts of inspiration .
It 's hard to imagine another documentary this year that will be as uplifting , entertaining and moving ... It is the musical cure for whatever ails you .
`` Twenty Feet From Stardom '' may follow the template of so many rock documentaries before it , but the movie 's breezy execution makes the familiarity go down smoothly .
Highly entertaining and revealing look at backup singers and their essential contributions to pop music .
This joyous documentary leaves us wanting to immediately seek out the incredible , sometimes unfamiliar music we 've just heard .
You gasp at the ecstatic convergence of lung power and spirit .
And the colored girls go ' `` Doo do doo do doo do do doo ...
One of the best films of the year - which is not even half over .
Between the welcome anecdotes , the wealth of archival footage , the well-polished production values and an inevitably remarkable soundtrack spanning the greatest decades of American rock and soul , Stardom mostly hits the right notes .
Giving these not-quite-stars their moment in the sun is a commendable aim , but it comes at the expense of any real insight .
Twenty Feet From Stardom wages a compelling crusade to get background singers some long-overdue recognition .

@highlight

Rich , insightful , and occasionally heartbreaking , 20 Feet From Stardom is an energetic tribute to the passion , talent , and hard work of backup singers .