For the most part this film was a successful retelling of a beloved story .
J.J. Abrams dares to rewrite Trek lore with an origin story that chronicles the first voyage of the Enterprise crew with a mission that sends them into a whole new Federation history .
Aside from the cool effects and surprise cameos from notable actor/director Tyler Perry and one of the U.S.S. Enterprise 's original passengers Leonard Nimoy , there really was n't much there .
J.J. Abrams ' restart of the famous saga is a slick , well-produced piece of entertainment that blows the cobwebs off the venerable series .
This is not your father 's Star Trek -LRB- for better or for worse -RRB- .
Requiring little or no foreknowledge of Klingons and Romulans , this `` Star Trek '' is a grand equalizer , transporting everyone to a space where it 's possible to just sit back and marvel at the starlit view seen from the Captain 's chair .
Star Trek has remarkable freshness and originality for something so deeply familiar . And it leaves us confidant that a venerable piece of pop culture is in good hands , at least for the time being .
Star Trek keeps you occupied with the usual sort of thing you find in science-fiction adventures , done somewhat more wittily .
A rather lazily imagined , though energetically executed pastiche of big screen sci-fi clichés seemingly appropriated at random from other films .
Whether watching Kirk and Sulu skydive from space , a rural Mid-West dotted with vast interstellar towers , or Kirk do battle with a very ill-tempered beastie on a frozen moon , it 's hard not to gape in wonder .
I did n't go to this with much enthusiasm but , of course , it 's been completely reinvented by J.J. Abrams and he 's done a terrific job .
Star Trek works by paying homage to the past without being chained down by its history .
As far as performance goes , Pine and Karl Urban -- Kirk and Bones , respectively -- do offer up moments of tongue-in-cheek allusion , but they sell it straight-up , and save the movie from becoming a list of inside jokes .
The film is sufficiently smart and engaging that Abrams has effectively guaranteed the characters will be back for further adventures .
J.J. Abrams ' Star Trek reboot beams a fresh set of dilithium crystals into a science-fiction film franchise that has been eking by on cinematic life support since 1991 's The Undiscovered Country .
This is a fantastic movie . It 's pacing is rapid-fire , the action is larger-than-life and raises blood pressure with ease , and the characters come to life in a very cool way .
Star Trek is back . It 's action-packed , exciting , and visually spectacular -- who would have thought that the dying sci-fi series could be resurrected into something this fun ?
Star Trek is such a well-written , superbly acted and amazingly staged film that it sets a new standard for summer action films .
Some will walk away convinced they have seen the best Star Trek movie of them all . I can only agree wholeheartedly .
With this new , dynamic duo in place , the possibilities for exploring the fabled final frontier seem endless .
I 'm no Trekkie , I do n't speak Klingon , I 've never boldly been anywhere in the least bit exciting -- my fear of motorways has always hampered me horribly in this respect -- and I do n't like action epics but -LSB- Star Trek -RSB- is quite fun .
J.J. Abrams brings the beloved but undeniably creaky franchise back to square one while still delivering a thoroughly contemporary science fiction adventure rooted in the spirit of Gene Roddenberry 's original conception .
You do n't have to be a Star Trek fan to enjoy this rollicking movie . J.J. Abrams ' reboot of the 1966 TV space adventure series is fast-paced , action-packed and lots of fun .
There is still life and romance in these movies .
In short , it 'll please everyone , while never being as bland as that might sound .
I think JJ Abrams and his movie ` gets ' what Trek is supposed to be about .
A Star is reborn as director J.J. Abrams ' re imagining of Star Trek emerges , against the odds , as a smart space epic that can be embraced even by wary Trek devotees .
Abrams also avoids the pitfalls of the three Star Wars prequels , by making it a thrill to meet these familiar characters before they became the stars of the stars .
Star Trek director J.J. Abrams proves to be just what the franchise needed a jolt of life from someone unencumbered by the baggage that comes with more than 40 years of lore and legacy .
Abrams ' movie inspires me to boldly go where I never thought I would : back for seconds .
There 's much wit here , bang-up action scenes and a twisting plot that will make sense to those who truly care to follow it . May this latest incarnation of the series live long and prosper .
This version is new and fresh , but it does n't forget its roots -- and I think fans will appreciate that .
Abrams had a responsibility that most other action film directors never need to worry about . He succeeds in parts , maybe enough for the young , modern audiences for whom the film has been made , but old Trekkies may have some issues .
If you 're a self-confessed Trekkie as I am you ca n't help but compare this cast to the original cast . I was surprised how easily I accepted Zachary Quinto as Spock and Karl Urban seems to channel Deforest Kelly at times .
With the help of his young and pretty cast , Abrams has managed to successfully reboot a 43-year-old formula .
For the first time in all my encounters with the Enterprise and the Federation , I actually cared about several of those important figures seated at the ship controls .
A manically paced , profoundly affectionate and highly entertaining prequel to a cultural touchstone .
Did somebody just reach through the space-time continuum and pull out a white rabbit ?
Fun , funny , exhilarating , and occasionally touching , Star Trek gives Gene Roddenberry 's enduring sci-fi series a much-needed shot in the arm .
A work of considerable technical expertise and workmanlike efficiency : It 's uncanny how it hits every little pop culture note anyone could possibly expect from it .
Abrams brings a fresh perspective that strips the series to its essential elements while still paying homage to what made the original special in the first place .
The character work is consistently ace , but Star Trek 2009 does n't offer the high-minded , underlying ideas that the show was known for .
... it pleases me to report that the new film from Director J.J. Abrams pulled me -LRB- a Trek newbie -RRB- in like a Romulan tractor beam .
We were very , very happy with what we saw . You will be too .
Just when you thought that the Star Trek phenomenon had truly run its course , along comes J. J. Abrams 's stunning prequel to resuscitate the most enduring franchise in sci-fi history .
Salutes the rich history of the franchise while avoiding any hint of hokey , by-the-book starch .
One of the most accessible and entertaining films of the year .
Get ready for a new influx of fans , Trekkers .
Star Trek has needed this kind of face lift for years .
Star Trek is a welcome return to the flippant , big-budget bonanza that exists purely for the spectacle ,
A franchise is reborn , at warp speed .
Well , it looks like the curse is broken .
Although given the Starship Enterprise 's keys , geek-culture maven J.J. Abrams warps the vessel like he stole it in a sleek , stylish reboot stuffed with jailbreak momentum , deft pacing , dense plotting , passionate principles and perfect casting .
J.J. Abram 's Star Trek is a refreshingly entertaining space adventurer , reinvigorating a well worn out franchise while paying homage to past labours .
Not content to just make this the Spock and Kirk show , with supporting players largely reduced to broad strokes , Abrams makes it clear that he 's interested in Star Trek as an ongoing , fully fleshed-out ensemble piece .
Somehow J.J. Abrams has managed to make Star Trek cool again , with a fresh and fast-paced , action-packed thrill ride that both new and old fans can lavishly enjoy .
Thanks for the memories ; let 's leave it at that
One could melt into the luxury of the experience Mr. Abrams provides and objectively appreciate every penny spent in the budget as there is not a false or cheesy speck to be found on screen .
A mindless , milling mess . Just what you would expect from somebody schooled in the Michael Bay/Jerry Bruckheimer academy of bad directing .
This Star Trek will be exploring the cinematic universe for many years to come .
... the film will go down , and endearingly so , as the Brokeback Mountain of space operas ... In all the cosmos , a fatherless human and a motherless Vulcan find in one another that which they had lost .
Abrams manages quite well in making $ 150 million look like an episode of Babylon 5 . Fistfights are poorly edited , and when he wants to create excitement and tension , Abrams simply has the camera shake around a lot in close-up .
Yeah , there 's a plot , too , but it 's almost completely overshadowed by the introduction of the new characters .
Standing in contrast to the angst-ridden , lumbering and dark vibe favored by so many action flicks , it has plenty for fans and almost as much for those who could n't tell a tribble from a tricorder .
An incredibly satisfying popcorn picture , Star Trek hurtles forward with propulsive energy
It 's heartening to see the wit and romance of the series treated lovingly
The 11th feature in the long-running series is not just a great Star Trek movie -- it 's a great movie period .
For most people , this is a popcorn flick and , as such , everything just sings . Sings a new variation of a highly recognizable and pleasant melody .
Star Trek knocked me over the moon .
One of the best sci-fi films of the last decade , and that 's coming from someone who has never Trekked before .
Six-and-a-half years after Hollywood left the Enterprise crew for dead , ... Kirk is back , baby , and he 's better than ever .
J.J. Abrams proves his masterpiece can translate into great work on the big screen that all Trekkies will love .
-LSB- It -RSB- broadens the appeal of its cult property , turning what was once strictly nerd fodder into a shaggy dog action movie .
Un buen entretenimiento , liviano y efectivo , con algo que ofrecer tanto a los seguidores de la saga como a quienes no conocen nada de Star Trek .
Destined to become a sci-fi classic , `` Star Trek '' boldly goes where none of the previous entries have gone before .
the excellent action sequences plus an upbeat tone -- an important element maintained from the source material - make for an adventure that zips by at warp speed .
Normally , eleven versions equate disaster , but somehow , someway , director J.J. Abrams and the creators of Star Trek managed to pull off the best sci-fi movie since The Matrix .
While entertaining as a space soap opera , the film dismantles much of what made Star Trek once great .
Ingenious backdating and character establishing in what everyone but the creative team thought was an exhausted payload . ''
Director J J Abrams has made summer 2009 an event .
Abrams does n't get the franchise that Roddenberry created .
By Kevin Irwin - Star Trek , the final frontier in nostalgia , a crass ploy for box office kerching or a celebration of sci-fi 's most iconic forefather ? Well , a touch of all three as it turns out .
This is arguably the best of the Star Trek movies .
Well-cast and well-acted ... however , -LRB- the script -RRB- falls short of engaging viewers as intellectually or emotionally as the best prior movies and TV episodes have done .
The film is a success because of beautiful visuals , swift storytelling that never loses its momentum , and the sheer joy of having these characters back in our lives again .
... Youthful , fast-paced , thrilling , funny and fueled by an adventurous spirit .
The movie , typically for Abrams , is almost continuously exciting .
Well , at least they got it half right .
a skilfully constructed studio picture that boasts a casting coup on par with The Lord of the Rings ' .
A bold , entertaining reboot .
In Abrams ' capable hands , the film is hugely satisfying . Smart , jaunty and savvy , it takes Orci and Kurtzman 's script and races with it , boldly opening a new chapter in the series while giving it a fresh shot of life in the process .
Clever , campy , even a little endearing , Trek revives itself by going back to the past , but consumes itself by wanting the `` Trek '' of future , too . In the current remake craze , it 's never enough .
Mixing warp speed action with tongue in cheek humor , this Trek beams brighter than a supernova .
Beam me up , Scotty , this Trek rocks .
Here is a film that slaps your expectations around with surprise after surprise , leaving you shaking your head in disbelief that a Star Trek film could be this good .
The movie begins with a bang and it 's one of the loudest SF movies ever made .
It has some significant flaws and missteps , but on its own merits , it 's entertaining -- and in one instance , it 's even a little more than that .
A genuinely entertaining thrill-a-minute sci-fi romp , whether you loved the series or not .
In making yet another Star Trek , the great challenge the filmmakers ... faced was to be contemporary while also respecting the past . Star Trek passes its obstacles with dazzling , time-warping colors .
By resurrecting Kirk , JJ Abrams has not only revived and revitalised Star Trek , he 's given it a dose of Viagra .
A fiery dynamo . Big action , snappy direction , good acting , respect for the past . This is the summer blockbuster to see .
... immediately establishes itself as a contemporary reboot done right ...
... has a lot of humor but is very serious about its premise ... about as good as Hollywood blockbusters get .
Abrams and his collaborators do n't kowtow to the past . They exhilarate , engross and amuse viewers by putting entertainment value above all else .
Set phasers for fun . May this Trek live long and prosper .
successfully crafts a new beginning that both honors the series ' previous incarnations but also charts its own course using a clever time-traveling narrative that essentially creates an alternate Trek universe
A new fan of the series -- and there are more that I would have expected -- can enjoy STAR TREK , but a veteran `` Trek '' devotee will get a lot more out of it .
Abrams ' whole approach to this revamped Star Trek : Be playful , be unpredictable , and full speed ahead .
It 's been thirty years since I last found myself at the movies , rooting for a black hole .
It is a hi-energy , optimistic work , but it gives the impression of being afraid to alienate its audience with too much nerdy information .
This movie wins . It manages to have reverence for its source material but also uses it as a jumping off point to make a 21st Century version of the franchise .
Lost and found planet mayhem in this reconceived excursion down intergalactic memory lane , as cocky spaced out Kirk locks horns with Bana 's sulking skinhead in an unresolved cosmic anger management funk .
A splendid space saga so spellbinding , I wo n't complain about their resurrecting that infuriating , infinitive-splitting catchphrase , ` To boldly go where no one has gone before ! '
... a full-blooded and busy adventure , a promising restart .
Is the new Star Trek movie perfect ? Absolutely not . But I went in an original Trek fan ... and came out feeling oddly elated , grateful for the things that worked and secure in the belief that the rough spots will work themselves out in the a
Full of excitement , adventure and just plain fun . Everything old is new again !
Great characters , nice comic touches , but the plot cries out for an intervention .
Somehow pulling off the trick of appealing to the wider mass audience with one foot in Star WARS , the most startling thing about this new TREK is how it avoids being AWFUL .
Barely competent . J.J. Abrams has a TV soul .
What Christopher Nolan did for the Batman franchise , J.J. Abrams has done for Star Trek .
I must add that the reason I think this new Star Trek works has less to do with Abrams being the director and more to do with a genuinely smart script by Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman .
With great effects , a strong story and equally strong cast , `` Star Trek '' is a journey worth taking ...
This Star Trek essentially turns out to be a war film , with the occasional philosophical timeout to discuss love , friendship , and duty until the next bone-crunching fistfight or multi-weapon rumble with the Romulans .
This is the best Star Trek movie , ever . Better , even , than the classic Start Trek II : The Wrath of Khan .
-LSB- Director J.J. -RSB- Abrams kicks his film into warp drive and boldly goes where the Star Trek actually has gone before . Only better .
Good mix of special effects , an involving story , a good script , and fine ensemble acting .
With director J.J. Abrams on board , the newest movie in the series is not only action-packed but also filled with surprises .
Yes , the genie is back out of the bottle . Well acted , expertly edited , and brilliantly watchable even if not perfect . And above all , it does n't suck .
The unpredictability of this alternate reality gives future screenwriters a free hand to go where no one has gone before .
a Luddite picture wary of the future and reliant on something so simple as being human to be the salvation of the human race .
It 's disheartening that Deforest Kelly , James Doohan , and series creator Gene Roddenberry wo n't be able to see their legacy `` beam '' back to life and continue at warp speed .
A gigantic bore for more than half its running time , but it eventually grows surprisingly involving , thanks mostly to its great cast .
Sacrilege alert ! It may even be better than The Dark Knight .
J.J. Abrams muscles aside Trek 's ponderous aspects with a rip-roaring storyline and enough action to qualify as a galactic James Bond movie
Trek fan or not , only a person who hates action movies entirely could hate Star Trek .
Embora concebido com a preocupação de permitir que os `` não-iniciados '' possam acompanhar a história , o roteiro é inteligente o bastante para incluir uma série de referências que certamente provocarão pequenos orgasmos de reconhecimento nos fãs .
... Elicits laughs , adventure , and refreshing , positive energy in a way series creator Gene Roddenberry intended .
The first Star Trek movie that feels fully realized . It 's smart enough to be accessible to everyone , while retaining enough respect for the franchise 's legacy to please diehard fans .
Faced with the task of acclimating new audiences to this venerably corny space opera , J.J. Abrams simultaneously executes a franchise reboot and nostalgia play .
Star Trek might annoy purists , but everyone else will be glad to see Spock and co. again .
Fun , but like most of the previous movies , it does n't approach the quality of the best episodes of the original ` Star Trek ' or ` Star Trek : The Next Generation . '
The young cast is mostly callow and TV-bland and the special effects do n't quite seem worth that hefty price tag , but overall this is a presentable addition to the franchise .
J.J. Abrams has done the impossible : not only resurrected the ` Star Trek ' franchise , a concept built on space-age idealism , but also re-imagined it for cynical 21st century moviegoers .
Possibly the best modernization of the series I could have imagined ... Abrams manages to walk a thin line between pandering to the fans and reaching a new , modern audience .
We did n't exactly need another Star Trek but it finds the perfect blend of action , drama and nostalgic comedy .
What I do have a problem with is sacrificing plot for speed , for thinking that grand spectacle and a great sense of pop culture are all that you need to make a new journey with the crew of the Enterprise work .
Do n't be surprised if you feel just like me when you leave the theater . I was ready and eager to see my newfound friends in their next space adventure .
A new Star Trek film so full of life , wit , smarts , thrills and sheer gratifying entertainment that it launches the mind on a stream of merry somersaults .
Abrams ' Star Trek strikes a beautiful balance , with enough allusions to Trek mythology to please longtime fans and enough 21st century verve to wow even those viewers who know nothing of Star Trek .
With Star Trek Abrams honors the show 's legacy without fossilizing its best qualities . Instead , he 's whisked it off to a planet where numbing nostalgia ca n't kill it , and where the future is still something to look forward to .
The wit and youthful energy that 's been infused into the new Star Trek should enable this venerable franchise to live longer and prosper more handsomely .
In going back to tell the Enterprise story from the beginning , Star Trek presses collective emotional buttons people did n't even know they had . At its best , the effect is like seeing life panoramically , past and future , simultaneous and magnificent .
Just because a film is noisy , colorful and fast does not ipso facto mean that it is also a rollicking entertainment .
Star Trek goes back to the legend 's roots with a boldness that brings a fatigued franchise back to life .
Abrams has approached the source material with the right spirit of loving irreverence , and set the stage for what hopefully will be a rebirth of an enduring franchise . A five-year mission does n't feel nearly long enough .
You need n't know the secret handshakes or utter the Vulcan blessing `` live long and prosper '' to gain admission to , and enjoy , summer 's first thrill ride .
Trust me when I say Star Trek is easily one of the best science fiction films of this decade .
The time-travel plotline not only fuels this exciting movie , but jump-starts the old franchise into new directions . ... It allows this Enterprise crew to boldly go where not even Star Trek has gone before .
The greatest prequel ever told .
In his daft , dizzy reinvention of a moribund franchise , Abrams has found a way to be referential without being reverential , to conjure nostalgia without being constrained by it .
The movie has an easy-going , unlabored charm . Unlike the dreadful latter-day `` Star Wars '' pictures , this one honors the unflagging devotion of millions of fans .
This is n't just the most playful , surprising action movie in years . It 's also the funniest . They 're not going where no man has gone before . But the way they go there ... wow .
With a warp-speed ` Wow ! ' , Abrams & Co. has taken a spent franchise and , unlike a heavy-handed plastic surgeon , has reinvigorated it without destroying the original look . Leonard Nimoy might want to see what they can do for him .
It 's this Star Trek 's greatest stroke of genius to conceive of Kirk and Spock as two rebels looking for a cause ...
The overall impression is one of unbridled enthusiasm on the part of the film 's makers , both for its predecessors and for the brave new universe Abrams and his crew are exploring .
Should please a wide cross-section of viewers .
Not Trek ? The movie has gaping plotholes , a skirt-chasing Kirk , time travel , and a BS pseudo-scientific resolution to a life-threatening situation ... it 's totally Trek !
It 's Star Trek , Jim , but not as we have known it . A masterclass in how to rebrand and relaunch a franchise . Sign us up for more alien girls , punch-ups , phasers , photons and misbehaving black holes .
J. J. Abrams 's thriller Star Trek is the first tent-pole film that has made me sob with pure pleasure .
Fast-moving , funny , exciting warp-speed entertainment and , heaven help me , even quite moving - the kind of film that shows that , like it or not , commercial cinema can still deliver a sledgehammer punch . It sure did n't feel like a trek to me .
Star Trek is a truly good , dare I say great movie . But I do n't think it has a lot of re-watchabilty and not in the league of The Dark Knight '' .
Do n't worry this time around , our pop culture is in good hands .
This is a grand success - perhaps a new populist benchmark in what to do with a flagging franchise , and a witty , light-on-its-feet prequel which makes instant toast of X-Men Origins : Wolverine . May it live long and prosper , by which we mean , sequels , soon
Star Trek used to be smarter . But it was never this fast , fresh and exciting .
Funny , moving and fine escapist entertainment , the magnificent Star Trek is cranked up to Warp Factor 11 by the cast and crew . May the franchise live long and prosper under the guidance of J.J. Abrams .
Star Trek is fresh , funny , exciting and - biggest surprise of all - emotionally engaging .
This is impressive stuff . Abrams moves the plot at breathtaking speed , yet still has time to feature heroic acts from all the original show 's key players .
A revamp everyone can get on board with , from die-hards to those who would n't be seen dead at a sci-fi convention . Buoyant , buffed and with the promise of even better to come , this is the freshest Trek in decades .
Star Trek bristles with energy and excitement , and you can practically sense the enthusiasm with which this film has been approached by everyone involved .
This is such a rollicking adventure , it 's truly enjoyable .
Star Trek is the first great blockbuster of the year and is undoubtedly a bona fide masterpiece in the family genre .
This is everything a summer blockbuster should be . Star Trek is a film that will delight fans and impress people who have usually steered clear of the franchise .
It must rank as the outstanding prequel of all time .
Overall , it makes for an entertaining , if uneven , couple of hours , although non-Trekkies may not find it the intergalactic go-see they 'd hoped for .
Star Trek pulsates with adventure and thrills , infectious with its boyish enthusiasm to entertain and respectful enough to pay tribute to the cult series that came before it . See it .
Abrams has achieved what previous Star Trek directors and George Lucas 's prequels failed to create - a gripping , action-packed , humorous slice of escapism .
Star Trek comes out with its high beams on , its pacing hyper , and its phasers set to `` stoked . '' And it never hits the brakes .
But idolaters need fear no iconoclasm and newcomers no exclusion . The start of a presumably new chapter in the franchise is marked by affectionate respect tempered with an eye for modern visual tastes .
There will be plenty of takers for this Enterprise , I think , but they should n't count on seeing much that 's new in the course of it .
Star Trek is everything that fans could have hoped for . It throbs with a dynamism that we have n't seen in the series for a very long time and creates a slice of expertly crafted science-fiction escapism .
... captures the spirit of the original series and makes watching these characters fun again .
Given Bana 's baddie is about as threatening as a scatter cushion and the plot is arm-chewingly repetitive , what will appeal most to bemused non-fans is that while the Star Wars prequels disappeared up their own mythologies , Star Trek is a right giggle .
You do get a sense , despite all the other attempts to re-do Star Trek , that this lot boldly go where no man has gone before , and that Abrams has reinvented the series without murdering everything that has gone before .
If you realise that it has one aim - to introduce an entirely new audience to the franchise - and go into the cinema knowing that , then you 'll have a good time . Unlike like me : I sat there with my arms folded , tutting a lot .
Hugely enjoyable , wonderfully cast and genuinely thrilling blockbuster that , incredibly , gets everything right and will please both die-hard Trekkies and newcomers alike .
Fully inhabits the Trek universe while pushing well-known characters into all-new directions
Star Trek is the most enjoyable , spectacular , smart and yet brilliantly simple summer movie for an absolute age .
Set your phasers to stunning because Star Trek is every bit as thrilling as the hype would have you believe .
Re-injecting a sense of fun and escapist wonderment into science-fiction films -LRB- and blockbusters in general -RRB- , it 's a supremely well-made picture that understands the value of a sense of humour and knows how to ratchet up the intensity .
It 's like what Alan Moore said about Frank Miller 's The Dark Knight Returns : ` Everything is exactly the same , except for the fact that it 's all completely different . '
Hell , you could know nothing about the words `` Star Trek '' and still find a lot to enjoy here .
Boldly go and revel in the awesomeness and nostalgia this action-packed prequel will elicit .
Here is the highest compliment Abrams and company could have hoped for : They leave Star Trek better than they found it .
What Abrams ... has done is pay tribute to the legacy of `` Star Trek , '' while taking it in a direction that will surely re-energize and resurrect a moribund property .
Spectacularly entertaining -- fast-paced , glib , thrilling , and slickly produced . It 's better than most summertime action romps even bother trying to be .
All in all , the material is strong enough and exciting enough that not even Abrams ' fumbling can entirely ruin it , and it 's certainly better than the last two series entries .
This is a different Star Trek . It 's hipper . It 's hotter . It 's going to be the biggest movie of the summer , and no corny little one-liners will do it justice .
For those who want a thrilling ride , Star Trek should do the trick . It has just enough old-school stuff to keep longtime fans intrigued , even if a bit disappointed .
Fascinating .
A meticulously calibrated blending of old and new .
Director J.J. Abrams reaches for the stars ... and mostly succeeds in getting there .
While it might be a little long and while Spock is disappointing , this is still an entertaining movie with fine performances by Pine , Pegg , Greenwood , and Urban .
The battle sequences in the first seven or so minutes of opening sequence , with Kirk 's mother laboring to bring him into the world while his father fights to buy enough time to save everyone , are worth the price of admission alone .
Highly illogical but entertaining as hell .
I loved the second and fourth Trek films , but this cosmically entertaining movie is the best the franchise has ever produced . Ca n't wait to see what Abrams does next with his new crew .
This is premier summer entertainment .
The result is not a great film , but it is great fun .
Bravely vindicates its source material 's essential underpinnings of friendship and honor . ` Get a life ? ' This is the redemption Trekkies have been living for .
J.J. Abrams has raised the craft of rejuvenating a movie franchise to something like a fine art .
Star Trek does a remarkable job hitting all the right notes with die-hard Trekkies and engaging those who 've never heard of a tribble . The bar for summer 2009 blockbusters is set very high .
Let 's hope hardcore Trekkers can suck it up and embrace this new vision , because there 's no doubt everyone else will .
This Trek is an exciting , constantly entertaining feature that helps kick off this year 's summer movie season in spectacular fantasy .
Everything from the score , the slow motion effects to Abrams ' ability to instantly draw you into this new universe quickly sets the tone for an engaging two-hour thrill ride .
Exciting , captivating and thrilling with eye-popping special effects . It 's an exhilarating rush of adrenaline that will please Star Trek fans old and new .
I can name exactly three and a half things `` Star Trek '' gets wrong -- and I can name about a thousand that Abrams and his cast and crew get absolutely , pitch-perfect , elegantly right .
It 's the kind of franchise opener that leaves you giddy for a sequel , stuffed with ideas about where to go from here . It 's the kind of blockbuster that makes you happy movies exist .
Abrams found the perfect , and perfectly science-fictional way , to do a reboot that no one can honestly bitch about , the perfect way to have his geek and his ` Bite me , ' too .
Quinto is the one person here who may leave teen-aged viewers more perplexed than puffed up ; he somehow rebukes the movie 's whole obsession with backstory and immaturity by seeming riper and wiser than the charmless folly that is spun around him .
It is pleasant to report that though it 's not perfect , the reconstituted Star Trek is successful enough for everyone to breathe a sigh of relief .
The new Star Trek arouses an instant affection that sometimes rises to ecstasy and never entirely wears out .
It boldly goes somewhere different and makes it hard to leave the film not hoping for a return voyage soon .
And just think , they have n't gotten to the Klingons yet ...
The effects , direction and film score were so beautiful and mind blowing that it made a grown man cry . That grown man would be me .
Is this where the future of Trek lies , in exciting action scenes and fun comic relief supporting underwhelming stories and stale ideas ?
Even by the standards of its own predecessors , this Trek feels like it was made by a committee of logic-minded Vulcans -LRB- or franchise-protective studio executives -RRB- rather than a filmmaker with the singular personality of Nicholas Meyer .
With one film , J.J. Abrams has made Star Trek younger , flashier , sexier , funnier , and less intelligent , but more exhilarating than it has been in decades .
JJ Abrams is a miracle worker . He has taken a script that is so bad and so dumb as to be almost a disaster and made a movie that 's a lot of fun and actually quite good from it .
A bright , shiny blast from a newly imagined past .
The aim here is to court a new generation of fans without alienating the true believers speaking Klingon in the box-office lines .
Take note , George Lucas : This is how it 's done .
This is really the story of how the Enterprise crew meets , hammers out its differences and becomes a team , and the telling is pure bliss .
There are many satisfyingly sly flourishes in Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman 's script .
You could n't ask for a less ponderous , more rollicking time .
Abrams ' cannily constructed prequel respects -LRB- for the most part -RRB- the rules of that world and , more importantly , retains the original Star Trek 's spirit of optimism , curiosity , and humor .
This non-Trekkie thinks you 'd have to look back almost as far as Raiders of the Lost Ark to find an adventure this consistently , thrillingly , joyfully fun .
Phasers set on `` stunning . ''
hen it comes to sheer spectacle , Star Trek , as re-imagined by J.J. Abrams , delivers .
A movie that , against all odds , has miraculously resurrected a wheezing but beloved franchise .
Under the swoons of the orchestral dirge , you can hear J.J. Abrams stride onto the deck of the Enterprise and shout , `` Welcome to my galaxy ! ''
This , indeed , may not be your father 's Star Trek , but I hope it wo n't kill the buzz if he likes it anyway .
The film is just another noisy space opera in which the humanity takes a back seat to the hardware , something that the real `` Star Trek '' managed to avoid at its peak moments .
Abrams ' redo is n't just a blast from the past . It 's a blast .
It 's also a pleasure to report that , not only have Gene Roddenberry 's ideas stood up pretty well over the decades , so have Spock 's ears .
A film that should appeal to longtime Trekkies , sci-fi neophytes and pretty much anybody who likes a good action flick .
Star Trek is a raft , a map and a reinvented story with a great deal of spunk .
An enjoyably mindless thrill ride .
The summer movie season has barely begun , but already one thing is certain : It will have at least one indisputably great movie .
An immensely satisfying origin story that , narratively , goes all the way back to James Tiberius Kirk 's corn-fed and hotheaded Iowa youth before introducing , one by one , the characters we know -- before we knew them .
Abrams and crew have gone where no man has gone before : boldly creating a crowd friendly sensation that , even in this market of a-blockbuster-a-week , should live long enough and boy , will it prosper .
ena meigma toso prosegmeno , olokliromeno , finetsato , ethistiko , toso kalozygismeno anamesa stin anthropokentrikotita kai tin tehnologiki toy ikanotita , toso sygkratimeno ki ekriktiko syghronos , poy einai poly anotero , ap ' o , ti tha aksize pote i seira tis
In order to become a new Star Trek , facets of its old personality must inevitably be sacrificed , while modern flavor -- faster pace and a little sass -- is infused .
Perfectly paced , wonderfully cast , cleverly written , and masterfully designed -- summer movies do n't get much better than Star Trek .
The new Star Trek motion picture seeks to extend a lucrative brand with a young demographic . But it 's a real movie -- breathlessly paced bordering on manic , but propulsively entertaining .
The much-anticipated movie reintroduces all the characters from the franchise 's first iteration , but its most intense and rewarding focus is friendship between Kirk and Spock .
For nearly its first hour , I felt I was witnessing Abrams hitting every beat just right , only to see him and his writers spend the final hour getting just about everything wrong .
... not only a fantastic summer tentpole film , it just happens to be better than each and every one of the most recent Best Picture Oscar nominees .
Parental Content Review
I loved it so much I wanted to Vulcan mind meld with it .
It aspires to be everything to everyone and it 's as good as can be expected given those directives , but its prime directive is simple : have fun . It does and I did .
Unless you live in the weeds like me , obsessing over minutia that others never even see , Star Trek is going to be a jaw-dropping experience . The rest of us will just have to get over ourselves .
The story is constructed so we do n't need to know what has come before . At the same time , the filmmakers do n't want to alienate the long-termers , so they had to add something new to the canon of Trek lore .
Pulsates with a life and fire that the former series entries never quite equaled . So much is going on in each frame that one sits smiling for the duration , drinking in the images while yearning for a repeat viewing .
... even if you 've NEVER seen `` Star Trek '' you 'll be hooked .
J.J. Abrams boldly takes the `` Trek '' franchise where it has n't gone in a long time : to box office gold .
An epic adventure that deftly captures the spirit of the original series , while succeeding utterly in charting a new course .
Sunny hothead cadet meets his Vulcan soulmate . Wisely , no bloated , buffoon pitchman has a cameo . J.J. Abrams put the budget on the screen .
It 's an exciting , stellar-yet-earthy blast that successfully blends the hip and the classic .
With a crew like this , you can welcome the future .
The happy result is action-friendly , nerd-friendly , and fundamentally optimistic .
The Gene Roddenberry years , when stories might play with questions of science , ideals or philosophy , have been replaced by stories reduced to loud and colorful action .
Amazing sound , a ton of fury , signifying nothing ... So densely orchestrated that the film never gives the audience a moment to breath it all in .
Fans will be thrilled , though not nearly as much as Paramount Pictures shareholders .
As rousing as a Klingon war chant and more fun than an engine room full of tribbles .
Trek almost never stops being good , kinetic fun .
Writers Robert Orci and Alex Kurtzman manage to morph the new actors into the general outlines of the original crew , but even as they slip into the old character molds , they immediately start to break out of them .
The other summer tent poles have to stretch mighty high to reach the benchmark set by this soaring and explosive blockbuster . The action never tires in the amped-up Star Trek .
Somehow this movie manages the delicate balancing act of incorporating both the humor and action of the original series , while simultaneously satiating hard-core geeks and fans who thought the original crew could never be succeeded .
That jolt of energy may resuscitate the franchise ; its breathing , however , feels shallow .
For the first time in 15 years , Star Trek actually matters .
Summer officially hits warp speed .
Smart , epic and eye-popping .
Star Trek is the perfect summer movie .
The naturalistic asides slung among our heroes are more than compensatory , establishing both a believable , well-oiled discipline and a collegial camaraderie .
It took decades of increasingly mediocre TV series and Data-dull movies to beat Star Trek to death . But J.J. Abrams brings it all back to basics .
A new creation , one that serves as a self-contained film and a launching pad for a continuation of the franchise , one that should live long and prosper .
This Star Trek sells cuteness , sentimentality and explosive F/X as if Starship Troopers , Minority Report , Mission to Mars or even Blade Runner or The Matrix -LRB- all visionary standard-setters -RRB- never happened .
Yes , it 's a popcorn flick -- and a first-rate one at that -- but it also grants these figures a freshness they have n't possessed in a long time .
Trading on affections sustained over 40 years of popular culture , Star Trek does what a franchise reboot rarely does . It reminds us why we loved these characters in the first place .
Outrageously , unbelievably entertaining , and the most fun anyone has had at a movie in a long , long time .
The final frontier of space is once again the place to be .
A fast-paced , witty prequel , a top-flight modern adventure ... that 's not only an affectionate tribute to the original but a successful rebooting of the whole franchise .
As unlikely as it once seemed , it looks like the ol' Enterprise has a few more light-years left in it after all .
While hard core Trekkies may have some problems with it , this long time classic Star Trek fan found this reboot fun , fresh & exciting .
A largely thrilling surprise , its blend of humor , romance and action so kinetically orchestrated that calling out its shortcomings feels like excessive carping .
It 's not perfect but it is great fun ... It 's hard to imagine anyone resisting this new cast .
Star Trek should quench all your Trekker geek desires , but make no mistake , this is still very much the same Star Trek , just with a younger cast and a lot more money thrown at it .
This brilliant reninvention of the beloved sci-fi franchise boldly -LRB- and smartly -RRB- goes where no ` Star Trek ' has ever gone before .
More than any Trek project in decades , this one conjures the camaraderie , the easy humor and most important the swagger we associate with headstrong Jim Kirk and his logical , pointy-eared pal .
It 's enough to move even a Star Wars fan to tears .
Thankfully , both diehard and casual observers of Gene Roddenberry 's original 60 's televised blueprint will be zapped with stimulating giddiness more effectively than an errant phaser gun gone wild .
It 's exciting , moving , hilarious , action-packed , sexy and suspenseful -- in short , exactly what big , fun summer popcorn movies are supposed to be and yet so rarely are .
A near-perfect template for what a summer thrill ride should be , Star Trek is great fun that does n't forget its brain , heart or sense of humor .
Either you 'll go with it or you wo n't . Regardless , based on Abrams ' ambition and scope in rejuvenating the franchise , it 's clear it still has plenty of room to live long and prosper .
The four-decade-old sci-fi franchise boldly goes back onto the big screen as a muscular , action-packed summer blockbuster .
The setup is complete ; now it 's time to see whether the implied potential of this first entry into a new series can be realized in its sequel .
Star Trek is destined to be remembered as one of 2009 's biggest and best surprises , a gamble that beat both the house and those holding the cards to turn everyone into a winner .
A sublime space adventure that flies as confidently and triumphantly as Trek ever has before . It 's not only a victorious series highlight , but perhaps one of the best pictures of the year ... 120 minutes of unrelenting goose bumps .
This is a totally character driven film with five exceptionally-cast people .
I think JJ Abrams walks the line gracefully between honoring the original series and introducing the pop culture movie masses to these characters .
If you care about this universe -LRB- and I do , damn it -RRB- , you wo n't sit passively through J.J. Abrams 's restart Trek . You 'll marvel at the smarts and wince at the senselessness . You 'll nitpick it to death and thrill to it anyway .
It is fun , exciting and exuberantly entertaining .
The average Star Trek fan is fatter than a Mugatu . And I mean the kind of Mugatu that just ate a family of Mugatus . Hey , fella , is that your mouth or the Doomsday Machine ?
... director J.J. Abrams successfully establishes a new beginning for the Star Trek franchise .
You can feel the legacy in every scene . It just rocks .
There is a good blend of character development and action in Star Trek which is why it will resonate so well with audiences .
This is Star Trek designed for people who do n't actually like Star Trek ...
A new mission worth taking , a spirited , energetic new beginning to a series long assumed dead .
It 's guaranteed to start a box office stampede .
Blasting onto the screen at warp speed and remaining there for two hours , the new and improved Star Trek will transport fans to sci-fi nirvana .
JJ Abrams injects a gigantic dose of energy into this long-running franchise and brings it roaring back to life .
Paced at warp speed with spectacular action sequences rendered brilliantly and with a cast so expert that all the familiar characters are instantly identifiable , the film gives Paramount Pictures a new lease of life on its franchise .
Whether you have seen every Star Trek episode and film , or none at all , you should get out and see this , because it is n't just a great Star Trek movie : it 's a great movie full stop .
Revitalizing the stagnant franchise , the gifted , visionary Abrams has performed a magical act , a movie that stands on its own merits and will recruit new fans , a work that will please the old trekkies and one that points to potent direction in the future .
J.J. Abrams gives Kirk and Spock a new lease of life , but the plot is a mess .
Reintroduces critical elements the franchise has not seen in years - cultural relevance , suspense , and a fresh sense of wonder
It 's been a long time since the hope and optimism of Gene Roddenberry 's vision have seemed this bright , this alive . This is exactly the Star Trek movie this fading franchise needed .
The most exhilarating Trek to date marks a new future for Kirk and co. . If this can boldly go on to seek out ideas to match its speed and style , a franchise is reborn .
The result is a triumph , certain to be regarded as not just one Trek 's better moments , but one of the finest films made in the sci-fi genre .
A stupendous production , Star Trek goes where no movie sequel or prequel has gone before in bringing intelligence and invention to a peak in cinematic storytelling .
Script : tick . Casting : tick . Direction : tick . Special effects : tick . It 's an extraordinary achievement and great entertainment for all as we partake in an edge-of-seat thrill-ride .

@highlight

Star Trek reignites a classic franchise with action , humor , a strong story , and brilliant visuals , and will please traditional Trekkies and new fans alike .