Court not only mirrors the reality of court proceedings but also makes us question our own beliefs and notions .
Court is a rare film that creates drama out of the humdrum lives of ordinary people , whose limited world view and biases affect the lives of others in more ways than they can imagine .
The result provides a memorable introduction to a filmmaker clearly working in opposition to the lavish escapism Bollywood has enabled over the years .
The deliberate pacing risks trying our patience , but it 's an accurate reflection of a system in stasis .
Chaitanya Tamhane 's quietly brilliant Court takes an individual court case and , through following its laborious labyrinthine process , creates a damning j' accuse of wider Indian society .
The film 's semblance of casualness is winning . It seems to make itself up as it goes along . But this fly on this wall has keen eyes , keen hearing , a keen intelligence .
A humane and absorbing big-city film .
To borrow a phrase from a David Bowie song , Court is moviemaking at the speed of life , providing you still remember how life felt when moving at less than 100 miles an hour .
Just when you imagined that the courtroom drama had no particular place left to go , along comes Chaitanya Tamhane 's fiendishly clever debut feature .
A crude portrait of Indian society , profoundly injust and cruel . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Instead of dulling the drama , this almost journalistic approach to the narrative makes things tick with increasing urgency as the enormity of the system 's ills and their impact on the ground are made clear .
The subsequent trial is absurd , and Kafkaesque , and tells us more about the social iniquities of Indian society than it does about justice , or the law .
Perceptive and powerful .
Here 's a film-maker training a sharp , prosecutorial eye on those harsh homefront realities Bollywood has traditionally permitted audiences to escape .
Court is fascinating , affecting and completely engrossing while delivering a devastating critique of a system so antiquated and absurd that a woman is told her case wo n't be heard today because she is wearing a sleeveless top .
Court is both a grimly compelling legal drama and a devastating attack on India 's seemingly outmoded justice system .
Court is a masterful piece of social cinema that rewards audience investment and marks Tamhane out as a filmmaker to watch .
India 's judicial system comes under review in Court , a film that keeps a wary , and therefore amusingly light , distance from its subject .
Although the film is an unruffled work of fiction , the absurdity of the legal and political state of affairs it quietly but powerfully comments upon may be all too real .
The courtroom drama is more than a simple indictment , exposing the social divides between generations and castes at play in the farce before the judge .
Untrained actor Vira Sathidar is wonderful as Kamble , a proud man who remains stoic even as an antiquated and often-absurd legal system chips away at his freedom .
This is n't your typical courtroom drama about an idealistic attorney with a savior complex per se . The film dramatizes how authorities can systematically police thought and harass radicals with bogus charges .
Chaitanya Tamhane 's elegantly assembled and immensely powerful debut packs together observation , humanism , intelligence and beauty .
The movie is simply called Court , and the generalized title is as potent here as it is with Kafka 's nightmare novel The Trial .
While the hard-to-navigate hell that is a courtroom is familiar genre territory , few works of legal fiction feel this deliciously droll . Court 's cynical , but absolutely never sorry .
A defense of the performing arts blossoms into a larger plea for democracy .
Writer-director Chaitanya Tamhane , making his feature debut , structures his story as a courtroom drama , and the legal intricacies of the case are sufficiently absorbing for the movie to succeed on that score alone .
It may take awhile for the film to fully take shape , but in the end , it becomes impossible to deny that `` Court '' is quite good . At times , it even borders on brilliance .
With a poise that 's rare in directors making their first feature , Tamhane delivers both a deadpan satire of a rotten legal system and a nuanced portrayal of the people who inhabit it .
Suffused with a pointed , cool , never didactic despair , Tamhane 's narrative-feature debut exposes India 's highly dysfunctional judicial system , one still upholding scores of laws dating back to British rule almost seventy years after independence .
... Court is a courtroom drama that 's so muted and stripped down we may , at times , come dangerously close to forgetting it 's a courtroom drama at all .
Tamhane 's quiet techniques build to pure , cold fury .
For the most part , Tamhane improbably succeeds in creating a damning courtroom drama that derives much of its power from observing the cogs in the machinery when the machine is switched off .
It treats the audience as both witness and jury and lays out a sprawling argument for them to ponder over . It 's hard to shake this one off long after the credits have rolled .
The film conjures an absurdist nightmare of bureaucratic incompetence , indifference and social inequity .
Infuriating at times , Court is also a remarkably assured look at how difficult it can be to achieve justice .
Court is one of the strongest debut features in years .
Powerful drama serving to illustrate the Kafkaesque and repressive nature of the Indian judicial system . The film might have easily been called `` Kangaroo Court '' .
But these digressions , if seen as the true thrust of the film , have much to offer .
There are no villains , or at least there is no vicious intention ... Yet , everyone , including the judge , lawyers and cops , end up being responsible for an innocent and ageing man 's suffering . And that , sadly is the harsh reality of today 's society .
Chaitanya Tamhane emerges as one of the world 's most accomplished and promising film-makers under 30 with his quietly steely legal drama Court , a bluntly-titled chronicle of politically-motivated injustice .
It 's a rich , nuanced film , more social fresco than courtroom drama .
There are courtroom dramas , and then there 's Court , Chaitanya Tamhane 's impressive debut , which flays alive India 's justice system while commenting on class , education and access to power .
Court is another reminder that we need drastic changes in the way our judiciary functions ; it raises relevant questions but does n't provide answers .
An arresting courtroom drama that depicts the divisions in contemporary Indian society .
Chaitanya Tamhane 's grand canvas is Indian society as represented by its legal system , and what it reveals is none too flattering .

@highlight

Court takes a penetrating , timely look at issues facing Indian society while serving as an excellent calling card for debuting writer-director Chaitanya Tamhane .