For viewers who can tolerate the upsetting though realistic images , Secret deftly twists into something more insightful than a standard revenge thriller .
The American remake of an Argentinean Oscar-winning film is less complex than the original , but still offers a gripping story .
The set-up feels complex and contrived , the constant jumping back and forward in time is not always easy to follow , and the sexual chemistry between Ejiofor 's character and Kidman 's feels forced .
Unwieldy as the story eventually turns out to be , it 's engrossing as it goes along to a climax that you probably wo n't be expecting .
What lends this film its power are the personal and political traumas that Argentina sustained during its `` Dirty War . ''
Its main problem is that it fails to generate suspense , excitement or the right mood despite its A-lister cast .
Just because a movie is downbeat or depressing does n't make it deeper than movies with more style . Sometimes it makes a movie downright shallow .
Its a fine story , but you already saw the better , tauter version half a decade ago .
In this rendering , the story seems like little more than a made-for-TV kitchen-sink job about obsession ... If there 's a political message ... it is hackneyed as well as crudely and artlessly delivered .
All the glamour and intrigue of that original film is gone , and Secret in their Eyes proves that throwing movie stars at a story is not always the best way to tell it .
This remake was a welcome punch to the gut I could n't help but be moderately impressed by
Sometimes a metaphor can be a prison too , shackling creativity to an under-considered thought .
You just keep waiting for it to take flight , for some clue as to why these talented people are spinning their wheels with such subpar material .
Judged on its own terms , it 's a cut above routine - and the ending 's reveal is heart-stopping - but those who enjoyed the original may find it comes up short .
`` It 's as interesting as watching the grass grow '' . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A mediocre adaptation that makes clear that what matters is the way you tell a story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Those who 've seen the mysterious original will find the remake plodding , and those who have n't will enjoy it as a modern-day film noir .
It ca n't be denied that the film captures a certain feeling of decadence , of dusk , even of paranoia , one that conditions the characters and their metaphorical suppositions about a confused , hypnotized country . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Interesting but never as captivating as its synopsis suggests , Secret in Their Eyes is a decent dramatic thriller , but falls well short of the original - but then what remake ever does ?
The stars all bring their A games , but beyond their convincingly moody performances this dour remake has little to recommend it - unless you 're in the market for a circuitous , 13-year ordeal of loss , regret and missed opportunities .
The new film fails to recapture the atmosphere of fear and menace that made the first Secret so gripping .
The original picture 's melodramatic excesses have been augmented with fresh indulgences to deliver a film that is not quite peculiar enough to be interesting .
Sure , it is still an entertaining film and offers some great moments of acting and suspense , but those who have the time to compare both films will be disappointed .
The overwhelming sense of unoriginality lingers over proceedings like a dark , menacing cloud .
It 's rare for an American remake to be scruffier than the original , but this film is an intriguingly messier take on the super-slick , hugely engaging 2009 Oscar winner from Argentina .
Appropriately enough , a bogus Hollywood prestige picture is exactly what we get with US remake Secret in Their Eyes .
Chiwetel Ejiofor 's new movie is a mess . Even the title - why are there more eyes than secrets ? - induces brain ache .
Sacrifices atmosphere and character interest for the intrigues of a murder plot that simply is n't very compelling or consequential .
As a decent , involving thriller , it exercises the little grey cells and passes muster .
Tme and again the drama spirals into cliched foolishness and rule-bending procedural pastiche from which only a typically engrossing turn by Ejiofor can save it .
The film itself does n't generate much suspense , but it does engage as a morally ambiguous tale about loss and obsession .
Two great performances squandered in a silly misfire .
This is a pale imitation of the Oscar-winning Argentinian original that ca n't breathe any new life into familiar territory .
This is n't so much a remake of Juan José Campanella 's 2009 Oscar winner for Best Foreign Language Film as an utter travesty of it .
This is a lethargic A-list remake of an ingenious Oscar-winning Argentine thriller from 2009 called The Secret in Their Eyes . I 'm not sure why they dropped the definite article .
An intriguing , time-shifting tale of obsession and one of Hollywood 's better remakes .
Why , then , does it fall so flat ? Ray has n't nailed the structure , dug deeply enough into the characterisations , or finessed the big twist nearly well enough - that 's why .
This is a story of longings , obsession , and the inability to move on from events unaccounted for by justice .
The remake , adapted and directed by veteran Hollywood screenwriter Billy Ray , messes with and messes up the central romance and changes the triangular dynamic .
Unfamiliar with the superior original should ... find this a decently-made , rather moody thriller .
Secret In Their Eyes is lacking a certain instinctive energy and heart that ought to pull the piece together .
The 2009 Oscar-winning Best Foreign Language Film has been given a listless Hollywood makeover , one that wastes Chiwetel Ejiofor 's effortless sincerity .
A very well executed remake with an amazing Julia Roberts . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Those who have n't seen the original will be captivated by the twists and turns the story takes , for all the rest , Julia Roberts ' performance is worth seeing it again . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It got some thrills , but ultimately forgettable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's nice to see the story told again but this remake ca n't match the power of the original .
Not only does it have an amazing cast , the director know how to use them effectivaley . Each one of them brings credibility to their characters even surpassing the simplesness of the script . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This film is perfect as an example of how Hollywood makes remakes taking all the substance that made the original film great in the first place . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In spite of having the right tone and perfectly well executed acting , this remake fails to add something new to a film that did ' t even need a remake to begin with . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The characters are really misused , with their chemistry being painfully lacking in the story -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Hollywood 's adaptation of `` The Secret in their Eyes '' is presicely that , an adaptation tha modifies the plot and characters to the enviroment and retains the essence of the original . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An English-language remake of Juan José Campanella 's far superior Argentinian thriller .
` Secret in Their Eyes ' is worth a look .
Ray builds an effective aura of menace and frustrated justice , with fine acting all around .
There was a time when the first screen pairing of Best Actress Oscar-winners Julia Roberts and Nicole Kidman would have been promoted as a milestone event . That time might have been now if the movie hosting this meet-up was n't so unnecessary .
... a mediocre potboiler that trots out familiar themes of obsession and revenge , tossing in some contrived sexual tension while building to a climax that might elicit more shrugs than gasps .
This version just mistakes gloominess for profundity .
n American remake was inevitable , and writer/director Billy Ray 's shot is watchable and well-played but lacks the power -- and the sting -- of the original .
The love story , the crime story , and the political story never cohere .
While it does n't quite pack the emotional or political heft of the original , `` Secret In Their Eyes '' is n't just another meaningless redo .
A pulpy , inferior imitation of its Argentinean predecessor ...
It is an atmospheric but murky bore , one punctuated by good ideas that are undercut by a script that ca n't get out of its own way .
What holds back Secret in Their Eyes is its excuse for added plot . It all feels like pandering to the current thing that scares people in the country .
Ultimately , the film amounts to little more than the most star-studded episode of Law & Order in history . In five years , it 'll be playing in a loop on TNT . Just wait and catch it then .
Can we believe that police officers would let a psychopathic rapist and murderer go free in the name of fighting homegrown terrorism ? As an allegory for human-rights abuses during the War on Terror , it 's a non-starter .
Gripping , twist-laden , no-nonsense murder yarn .
A stellar cast and compelling final twist is not enough to redeem the languid pace or uncomplicated mystery behind Secret in Their Eyes .
The script contrivances alone are enough to sink Billy Ray 's tepid remake of the Argentine Oscar-winning crime drama `` Secret in Their Eyes . '' Or , it would be if not for the top-notch performances from the director 's deep and talented cast .
Argentina 's The Secret In Their Eyes earns my vote as the best foreign-language import of at least the past 10 years . This stateside interpretation never matches the intensity of its predecessor but still manages to work quite nicely on its own .
The central contrivance alone would sink a sound cop thriller . Ray 's grim , glacial `` Secret , '' alas , is anything but sound , due mainly to the confusion caused by flitting between near - indistinguishable decades .
`` Secret In Their Eyes '' seems interested in making a point about the potential hazards of giving in to one 's most ardent passions , bu such a notion is n't developed by the script .
Secret in Their Eyes is a well-acted and politically-charged drama/thriller with ambitions that exceed its grasp .
Filmmaker Billy Ray scores a bull 's - eye with this remake of the Argentinian Oscar winner .
It 's Julia Roberts who owns the movie . As the grieving Jess , a woman reduced to a shadow by the death of her daughter , Roberts is a revelation here .
Ultimately Secret is a bit like going into a dark dungeon where the air is heavy , the mood oppressive and you 're not quite sure what 's going to jump out . But you must make the descent .
The film is a reasonably tasty thriller that sets up a provocative premise , then fails to follow it through .
A dream-team cast is wasted in this contrived and morose crime thriller .
Essentially a grim procedural with too many moments of untapped potential and a moderately shocking twist .
`` Secret in Their Eyes '' never quite captures the intensity of the film it is based upon , making it a fairly standard thriller .
It should only be viewed if you want more of the same material you can watch daily on the majority of TNT 's line-up .
It 's not a complete waste of time , but there 's no significant feeling of accomplishment in the feature , which tends to linger on trivial details in the name of characterization , missing most invitations to crank up suspense .
This adaptation of the Oscar-winning movie shows that improvements can be made even with a product that is already first-rate .
That both films ponder the correspondences between love and revenge , their similar myopia and selfishness , is to their credit . That neither movie gets out from under the architecture of sentimental excess , coincidence , and overstatement is not .
In spite of a star-studded Hollywood cast , Secret manages to clothesline itself on an unsatisfying twist ending .
The strong performances by the leads notwithstanding , the Hollywood remake does n't quite capture the complexity and thrills of the original .
As far as performances go , Roberts and Kidman are definitely on point .
What DOES N'T get lost in translation is what made `` El Secreto De Sus Ojos '' so effective : the visceral , devastating empathy we feel when a horrible injustice is committed and it ruins multiple lives .
There was a good movie somewhere in this mess . You can feel it around the edges of Julia Roberts 's decidedly unglamorous performance , and in every half-breath taken by Chiwetel Ejiofor 's lovesick character .
The remake of the 2009 Argentinian thriller is n't as good . Thanks to great performances and a terrific premise , it 's a nice alternative to standing in line for Mockingjay .
Writer/director Billy Ray has sacrificed subtlety for sensationalism .
I was n't a fan of the original film , but at least it made some semblance of sense and was decently acted .
... another strong effort from noted screenwriter Ray .
The presence of the stars and good to strong performances help carry the pic . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Violence , Profanity , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
The overly tricky time-shift structure leaks more and more tension the longer it goes on .
Secret in Their Eyes , a remake of the 2009 Oscar-winning Argentinian film of the same name , is an old-school , taut , and endlessly involving thriller .
It 's a story about moral ambiguity and living in the past , but it packs a weak emotional punch despite the well-wrought efforts of an all-star cast .
The romance feels a bit like filler , but the twists are heady . And Roberts , bearing no hint of youth or glamour , brings a stark power to her supporting role that resembles nothing she 's done before .
The fine acting and adept pacing by writer-director Billy Ray make this an entertaining experience .
With every improvement , some magic is lost . In `` Secret in Their Eyes , '' we get a story that has been improved almost to the point of nonexistence .
... it 's the movie you go out to during Thanksgiving week when you 've just got to get out of the house .
I liked the feeling of adults having adult conversations about adult things .
This remake may be unnecessary , but it 's good . In fact , it 's very good - even if you fondly remember the original .
It 's ironic that Campanella 's movie was a sly mix of tones - office romance , conspiracy thriller , brooding murder mystery - befitting someone breaking free of directing `` Law & Order '' episodes , whereas the remake hits marks exactly like a TV procedural .
More successful in mood than plot , Ray uses this story to meditate on loss , hopelessness , and the gulf between law and justice .
Expert editing takes us back and forth across the years , while the terror-suspect plot line provides a timely hook for the film . If 2009 's film was a secret perhaps too-well kept , 2015 's deserves to be shared .
Sad to say : There is far more crackle in an average episode of `` Law & Order . ''
It should have been a TV series .
Not such a good idea remaking the 2009 Argentine thriller that won the Best Foreign-Language Film Oscar . The Americanized version is miscast , misguided and misbegotten .
For all the film 's intelligence and conceptual rigor , it barely flutters to life .
Secret in Their Eyes is notable for its top-tier cast - Julia Roberts , Nicole Kidman , and Chiwetel Ejiofor are the leads - and for its utter lack of credulity and good sense .
While the underlying story remains similar , the Americanization can be felt throughout . It feels a bit like a `` Law & Order : SVU '' episode . A good one , but still .
It 's no secret where the movie goes wrong .
It hopes to be a suspenseful political yarn carrying a deep message about state security and personal tragedy . Instead it 's a flabby whodunit of injury and retaliation that underserves its veteran cast .
Many of the things that made the original film work so well seem drained of power and emotion in the remake , and this includes Danny Moder 's desultory cinematography .
... Americanized beyond recognition from its Oscar-winning version . The central mystery has been drastically altered to fit Julia Roberts , its most telling clue diluted , and a signature sequence that made soccer exciting now makes baseball duller .
In his American remake , director-cowriter Billy Ray gets the unrelenting darkness right , but almost everything else wrong .
This Americanized version of Juan Jose Campanella 's overrated art-house hit The Secret in Their Eyes is at least as good as the original and , with a running time well under two hours , certainly more concise .
Dour , drab and lacking the powerful subtext of its Argentine model , it comes across as little more than a police procedural of the sort you can find any night on the tube .
Billy Ray is an adept craftsman when it comes to plotting thrillers , but his work here with the actors seems all but absent .
As the movie wears on , the plot points become increasingly far-fetched , and what started out as a moody if by-the-book thriller becomes increasingly silly .
Arguably the worst remake since Oldboy .
This sort of crime drama has been much more likely to show up on short-form TV of late but `` Secret '' shows there 's still room for it on the big screen .
Billy Ray 's crisply acted but jumbled remake of the 2009 Foreign-Language Oscar winner -LSB- ... -RSB- never does justice to its source material .
Fundamentally redundant .
A solid mystery , nothing more . Given the cast , that 's a letdown .
You should start with the original , of course , but as Hollywood remakes go , this one is impressive .
Certainly aims high in its attempts to marry the personal and the political , but by the time you hit the movie 's big third-act twists , the film 's inconsistencies and artificialities prevent those moments from playing as anything other than gimmicky .
The past haunts the present in unconvincing and overheated fashion in `` Secret in Their Eyes , '' an English-language remake of the 2009 Oscar-winning thriller that fails as both a character study and an exploration of the dangers of obsession .
Star-studded and stupid .
In the darkened theatre auditorium , the secret in your eyes may be that before the third act 's revelations you have closed them out of boredom .
It can be both as gripping and as lacking in nuance as its predecessor , and though it often feels more like a highly polished TV procedural than a transporting cinematic experience , it 's a solid genre outing with unsettling topical resonance .
The movie manages to register its own identity in gradual , piecemeal fashion , even as it does n't deviate too dramatically from its predecessor 's narrative template .
Could easily have been a brainless time-killer ; instead it aims for up the skies . It does n't get there , but it tries .
At times the movie feels like two Very Special Episodes of `` Law & Order : SVU '' stitched together , but on balance it 's a smart , well-cast piece of grown-up entertainment .
Although a surprising number of plot machinations from the original film remain fully intact , usually accounting for anything that seems remotely clever , what is missing is the type of hold-your-breath tension provided by good thrillers .
Billy Ray unfurls the parallel time structure with the same flat , procedural monotony applied by Juan José Campanella to the original film .
Kidman aside , the acting 's not the problem with this remake . But the movie is a karaoke routine , not its own convincing song of love and death and the aftermath .
It 's like a pale , limp memory of the original film , its colors faded , its distinction wrung out in the wash .
Just a generic thriller , the kind of movie that wo n't even be remembered -- let alone win an award -- come Oscar time .
The emotional power comes from the writing and acting -- above all from Ejiofor , a performer of unusual range who can be equally credible as a thinker , a violent hothead , and a devoted friend .
Billy Ray 's remake of the 2009 Academy Award-winning foreign-language film from Argentina pales in comparison to the original . But it 's still a solid film with an excellent cast .
Billy Ray 's story about obsession , passion and justice is buoyed by three superb performances and a tense undercurrent that never lets up
Kidman and Roberts are both excellent throughout , applying judicious measures of restraint and composure to their performances that we have n't seem from either in quite some time .
Close , but never much more than a near miss .
The Argentinian original is known for its filmmaking prowess , with excellent editing and camera work creating a film filled with visual delights . At its best , this American remake is a glorified and overlong CSI episode .

@highlight

Secret in Their Eyes wastes its incredible cast on a remake that fails to improve upon -- or even make a compelling case for its own existence in addition to -- the remarkable original .