It 's superbly directed but the story just is n't involving and the characters are empty shells . Knowing how awesome this director can be , MICMACS was a major letdown .
French director Jean-Pierre Jeunet 's distinctive brand of zany and whimsical humour has won him a dedicated following , and fans of Delicatessen and Amélie should adore his new comedy thriller Micmacs .
Micmacs is quick and funny and easy but so light it floats away from you when all is said and done , and does n't leave much behind . It 's worth the time you spend with it though .
We are encouraged to cheer for Bazil and his friends because they are so warm , quirky , and lovable ... Frankly , it 's all a bit obnoxious .
Casi una mixtura entre Delicatessen -LRB- 1991 -RRB- y Amèlie -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , Micmacs se nutre de referencias clásicas -LRB- el circo , el cine mudo , la pantomima , los dibujos animados y la historieta -RRB- para narrar una aventura cómica brillantemente orquestada .
Micmacs , if light and silly , is still a wonderful thing to behold , as clever and beautifully constructed as the wonderful automata that populate the tinker 's workroom in the film .
It 's a regular Amélie 's 11 , laden with screwball schemes and stripped of emotional arcs .
Minor , almost trite , but still worth treasuring if you 're not put off by `` precious . ''
Dripping with gooey crowd-pleasing sentimentality .
So much time is devoted to chases and ricocheting bullets that whimsy for whimsy 's sake takes over .
Boon 's lovely , embraceable performance is perfectly twinned with Jeunet 's deft , artful direction . The result is playful and oddly affecting , a Rube Goldberg contraption of a film .
As a filmmaker , -LSB- Jeunet 's -RSB- prime virtues have to do with textural details , discursive forays into character , little grace notes that accrete into rueful human - and humane - comedy .
S'il n ' y a rien qui cloche en soi avec ce sixième film de Jean-Pierre Jeunet , tout porte à croire que le projet fut tout de même entièrement réalisé sur le pilote automatique .
Jeunet remains one of the world 's most imaginative directors . But Micmacs is a misfire .
A colorful three-ring circus of a movie , as one might expect from a production with a cast of characters that includes a human cannonball and a comely contortionist ; unfortunately , the labored whimsy quickly wears out its welcome ...
While it bears some stylistic similarities to Jeunet 's early work , in its muted yet rich color palette and more-than-slightly off-kilter vision of a surreal world filled with oddball characters , it feels far less substantial than that earlier work .
The results are so imaginative , so visually inventive and playful that we easily overlook the film 's flaws - even when they threaten the very elements we 're enjoying .
The charming if slight end result suggests Michael Moore by way of the Keystone Kops .
While the parts are quite good , the sum is pretty pedestrian .
Deliriously inventive but dramatically empty , Micmacs is like watching a talented kid who does n't know when to stop showing off
As with all of Jeunet 's films , this one is filled with delightful comic touches .
Micmacs becomes a supremely odd and at times hilarious caper ; The Sting according to Kurt Vonnegut .
For anybody worried Amelie was n't overstylized and cutesy-poo enough , director Jean-Pierre Jeunet finally disappears completely up his own twee-hole ...
A bit of whimsy is good . Unfettered whimsy ? Well , that may wear out its welcome .
In France , revenge is a dish best served with white gloves and face paint .
Micmacs may lack the emotional depth of Amelie or A Very Long Engagement , but it 'll keep you smiling almost all the way through .
I have n't had this much pure joy and entertainment at a movie all year .
I suspect this is what the world looks like in Jeunet 's head all the time .
Micmacs is a fantasy film with purpose , by a director with a cause and a rampant case of attention-deficit disorder for an audience of innocent bystanders .
Micmacs never bores -- Jeunet keeps the pace brisk and the mood ridiculous -- but the movie piles on the whimsy so tirelessly , you eventually start to choke on it .
An irritatingly cute and complicated farce that resembles nothing more than a string of three-minute live-action cartoons strung together into a whole far less funny and charming than it thinks it is .
Micmacs , finally , is a romp through comic cinema history in which everything zips by so fast that you 're too distracted to notice that it 's all completely meaningless .
Micmacs is never at a loss for imaginative frills ; it 's the details of the plotting , however , that get somewhat mired in the weeds .
A likeable , inconsequential film that busies itself with gimcrackery at the expense of genuine engagement .
Jeunet 's maverick imagination sometimes gets the best of him , and Micmacs is an ultimately exhausting case in point .
Spiced with melancholy and magic , Micmacs is an imaginative live-action film with the playfulness of an animation like Ratatouille .
The movie is ingeniously executed , and yet , after about an hour of it , I was more than ready for it to end .
A zany , funny and heartwarming tale told through excellent photography and a smashing soundtrack .
The latest surreal confectionary from supreme stylist Jean-Pierre Jeunet is occasionally poignant but not as wonderfully whimsical as intended .
The films of director Jean-Pierre Jeunet are so rabidly inventive that , if you waltz into them unawares , you 're likely to feel poleaxed .
Micmacs ends with an elaborate set piece celebrating illusion at its most seductive , but the movie itself winds up feeling like just that : an exercise in surface tricks and sleight of hand , without much emotion or warmth to give it more meaning .
There is something whimsical about Micmacs but also something laborious , and that is not a good combo .
Director Jean-Pierre Jeunet turns a grim subject ... into a whimsical comedy with a hero right out of silent movie comedy .
A big old pop-art playground for the mind .
Whimsy overload .
Whimsical , theatrical and long on make-believe , it 's as light as a feather and twice as ticklish .
I 'm not ready in the current marketplace of boring junk to yet say that a movie can be TOO clever . Although Micmacs sure tests that theory .
`` Micmacs '' is , like all Jeunet 's work , a film in love with film , referencing silent movies , French movies , spaghetti westerns and such icons as Bogart , Chaplin , Keaton and Pixar .
From a visual standpoint , the movie is a stunner and on that level alone , I can comfortably recommend it to viewers hungry for incredible imagery .
I found this film unbearable , almost unwatchable . Fifteen minutes in , I felt as though I 'd been drugged , and I stayed awake only by shifting constantly ...
A whimsical whirligig of a movie filled with salvaged metal and salvaged lives , where a bullet to the brain brings insight and a bunch of clever misfits bring a couple of weapons-making giants to their knees . What fun .
Micmacs is the equivalent of a circus troupe setting up a tent in a war zone : You 're entertained , even delighted , but after a while you suspect there are more serious matters at hand .
The movie clicks along pretty well until they launch their elaborate plot against the merchants of death , which seems to go on forever .
The movie would be sweeter if it developed its characters instead of trying to be so cute all the time .
Jeunet 's film , co-written by the director and Guillaume Laurant , is one of high polish and prodigious creativity . I found it exhausting .
In an age when special effects can show us almost anything , there can come a tipping point when a movie is essentially only showing off . I 'm not flatly against that , but in general , I like to delude myself that the story is in the foreground .
As always with Jeunet , the film is filled with lovable characters , silliness and tremendous imagination . The inventiveness is less dense than in most of his earlier work , but it 's still head and shoulders above everything else currently in theaters .
If he were judged solely by the first five minutes of his films , Jean-Pierre Jeunet would rank among the world 's top filmmakers . Unfortunately , the remaining 100 minutes or so place him among the most overrated .
Wildly imaginative , outrageously funny , daring , delightfully twisted and filled with eye-popping visual panache .
It is pure cinema almost for the sake of pure cinema , at its heart a surprisingly moving love story that ended up catching me almost by complete surprise .
There are sections of `` Micmacs '' that express the joy of a certain kind of moviemaking so vividly you ca n't help bursting into a grin . But the movie leaves you with a hollow feeling , like the crash that comes after a sugar binge .
Who would wish to quarrel with such a sweet and noble sentiment ? There is no question that the heart of Micmacs is in the right place , but the movie is also a little thin .
Wonderful ... told with -LRB- director Jean-Pierre -RRB- Jeunet 's typical visual and musical ingenuity .
Dany Boon is like a mime you do n't want to shoot .
A farce for people who go to Cirque du Soleil for the jokes .
Although often charming , Micmacs seems so pleased with itself that it hardly needs an audience .
Influenced by Jacques Tati , Charlie Chaplin and Buster Keaton -- as well as the British Carry On slapstick farces -- this film has long stretches without any dialogue at all .
In its smoothest moments , Jeunet 's set pieces have the feel of Tati , and , as the well-meaning hero , Boon has a pleasing facility of physical comedy that would be right at home in Monsieur Hulot 's world .
Micmacs is like a Buster Keaton or Harold Lloyd movie where everybody is Buster or Harold , yet they all work in harmony .
Micmacs is an enjoyably weightless farce , a slapdash , stylish Rube Goldberg device made out of people instead of mechanical parts .
free-style caricatures turn the movie into a bucket of comic slop
Juenuet 's effortless storytelling keeps a constant joyous mood throughout , and occasionally pauses to appreciate beautiful or absurd moments .
Micmacs is a colorful puzzle of a picture , twisting through oddity and tomfoolery to form a feature of consistent laughs , yet delicate enough to approach touchy social issues without slashing its pace .
Jeunet , like his obvious antecedent Terry Gilliam , is good at making stuff that 's cool , and that should not be casually dismissed . But while he aims for the belly laugh , he misses the heart
suffused with a charm and whimsy that is utterly without cynicism or irony . Instead , there is a thundering innocence to the Micmacs that is in high contrast , but never quite at odds , with Jeunet 's vicious social satire
Jeunet 's elegantly efficient filmmaking is not impersonal technique -- like Ridley Scott or even David Fincher -- it 's panache .
Allusions are made to recent European arms deals in the Balkans and Afghanistan , but Micmacs is more fantasia than violent revenge tale . And its pleasing curlicues -- like a bouquet of spoons -- linger long after the predictable outcome .
Director and co-writer Jean-Pierre Jeunet is back doing what he likes best , which is moving eccentric characters around a board in a miniature game of fate and chance .
Micmacs is an inventive romp punctuated by the kind of quirkiness Jeunet has brought to all his films .
It feels sprung directly from the insides of a cuckoo clock . All the characters chirp their one happy note at just the right moments , and you wake up in an artificial Paris that ought to insult any self-respecting Francophile .
Micmacs may not be everyone 's cup of capricious comedy , but it delivers an audio-visual picnic of surprises that makes craziness contagious .
The visuals are quite spectacular and like always , something worth marveling over as one tries to figure out how they were achieved .
If -LSB- Jeunet 's -RSB- earlier films could be described as elaborate video games , then `` Micmacs '' is their pinball equivalent .
Another frothy frappé from the ingenious French auteur Jean-Pierre Jeunet , this one pitting his beleaguered Everyman against avaricious arms dealers in a Paris more beguiling than the actual city .
It 's a nice palate cleanser among all the computer-generated action of Hollywood 's summer blockbusters .
Boon holds it all together with gentle clumsiness and improvisational clowning .
Micmacs is the logical next step in Jean-Pierre Jeunet 's career , more or less completely doing away with narrative as a vital component and exalting mouse trap-style set pieces as a be-all end-all .
An amusingly lo-fi fable that turns society 's trash into a cinematic treasure .
Carefully apportions its visual jokes rather than bombarding the viewer with them .
There was too much slapstick for my personal taste , but the people are endearing , the mechanization of the action is soufflé light , and the color , cinematography and overall awe-factor are undeniably captivating .
Jean-Pierre Jeunet has turned to caricaturing his own fixation on Rube Goldberg mechanics to create a truly boring cinematic exercise in futility .
Strip away all the oddball touches and visual splendor and what is left may be Jeunet 's most compelling movie yet , witty , poignant , and altogether magical .
It 's all done so effortlessly , and with Boon and his co-stars so charming throughout , that you 'd have to be in a pretty sour mood not to walk out of Micmacs with a giant grin on your face .
Jean-Pierre Jeunet creates a circus like caper film that barely pauses for breath .
By the way , is that a billboard for Micmacs in the movie ? If I 'm right , that is awesome .
It throws just about every piece of shtick in Jeunet 's book at us , and the result is that we spend very little time getting to know the characters . They are undeveloped .
It 's like every American 's worst nightmare of what France must be like .
It 's an engaging and beautifully realised fairytale .
It is constantly entertaining , narratively more cohesive than many of -LSB- Jeunet 's -RSB- films , and naively politically palatable .
The film struggles to find a rhythm , because Jeunet is constantly throwing up brightly coloured blocks of comedy with visually incongruous punchlines , like a magician with a dove in every pocket .
On balance it kind of works , though I did find myself becoming annoyed with the flourishes and feeling more and more unsatisfied with the broad emotional brushstrokes . Jeunet 's hardcore fans may be more forgiving .
The sheer originality and inventiveness on display throughout Micmacs is consistently dazzling -- and frequently very funny .
Micmacs is Jeunet in every way -- except the daffy if slim story of Bazil -LRB- French comedy king Dany Boon -RRB- is n't as rich or memorable as past Jeunet efforts .
Homelessness , poverty and brain injury are n't exactly the stuff of comedy . But this French caper -- or rather , series of capers -- is highly amusing indeed .
Micmacs is still a fun film with great performances and plenty of inventive sequences but it 's not one of Jeunet 's better films .
A structurally messy yet colorful and intermittently funny social satire of arms dealers , with a strong lead performance from Danny Boon in the tradition of the great clowns of Chaplin and Keaton with a touch of Tati .
The two main baddies are weapons makers and dealers . This is the serious grounding for what is a comedy filled with invention , and inventions
Tragedy and comedy are joined at the hip in this quirky and inventive film that looks at the world from a unique point of view
Boldly imaginative with a shot taken at weapons dealers .
Jeunet himself describes the film best : Delicatessen meets AmÃ -LRB- C -RRB- lie . But weâ -LRB- TM -RRB- d add that , while itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s certainly breezy fun , itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s not quite as good as either .
A comic potshot at the arms industry that makes for a hearty , if modest , return to form .
If you liked Amelie , chances are Micmacs will be to your taste - despite the grimy scrapyard , this is ultimately a sweet confection peopled with overgrown children .
Jeunetâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s fondness for the whimsical and slapstick has gone over the top , leaving plot and character floundering .
Jeunet has a lot of fun ; but his film is straining to generate charm that does n't quite materialise .
This feels like his version of a Guy Ritchie movie , laying on slapsticky violence and tiresome mugging around a disconcertingly tactless vendetta plot .
The gorgeous sets and inventive set-pieces are the real stars of the show . Jeunetâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s films donâ -LRB- TM -RRB- t sit easily in these cynical times , but theyâ -LRB- TM -RRB- re more necessary now than ever .
Micmacs is n't deep or daring . In fact it works under more influences than Pete Doherty . But it 's fun .
Fresh yet familiar , with such elaborate stylisation you 'll need the DVD to take it in , Micmacs finds Jeunet back in his wheelhouse . It wo n't win new fans , maybe , but converts will love every frame .
This continually astonishes , enchants and beguiles .
Though it aspires to be like Chaplin or Tati , it 's more like a bunch of terribly earnest clowns from the Cirque du Soleil performing a self-consciously cutesy , politicised version of Mission Impossible .
Filled with Jeunet 's zany humour , fans will be impressed , although beginners should start with Amélie .
A film that has belaboured our funnybones for 100 minutes makes a charge for our tear ducts . Neither we nor the landmine victims deserved this facile flipping of agenda .
Nobody beats -LSB- Jeunet -RSB- for sheer comic inventiveness and the speed with which he whips ideas into crazy reality . The only problem with his approach is that black humour clearly is n't enough for him .
A dazzling , helter-skelter comedy that fizzes with invention and silly slapstick .
A hugely enjoyable , impressively directed and frequently funny comedy-drama that should appeal to both adults and children alike .
Manages to slip in an extremely subtle political jab amid the wacky slapstick and almost obsessive attention to detail .
The film is visually impressive and I 'd be lying if I said I did n't laugh a few times . But too often , the gags are n't so much quirky as just plain jarring .
It 's a bit like a Jean-Pierre Jeunet film . It 's very kooky ... after a while I just gave in so I did n't have to sit through the 102 minute runtime crying quietly into my complimentary chocolate bar . I do n't know if that 's a good or bad thing .
The most inventive and entertaining piece of cinema I 've seen in years ... -LSB- a -RSB- riotously inventive and hilarious movie that is a constant delight from start to finish .
Packed with great little touches and surreal flights of fancy , this is witty , wonderfully inventive as well as a visual joy .
For all its various inspirations there 's no denying that Micmacs still feels essentially like a Jeunet film : it is light-hearted , endlessly inventive and will no doubt charm the socks of audiences .
Micmacs is Jeunet 's whimsy unrestrained ; this is hardcore twee , uncut cute . Every character on screen is quirky and eccentric to various degrees of irritation , and the constant visual whizbang stuff never lets the actors interact .
full review at Movies for the Masses
A wonderful comedic adventure . Is Dany Boon the new Chaplin ?

@highlight

It might be a little too whimsical for its own good , but Micmacs delivers more of the inventive silliness that director Jean-Pierre Jeunet is known for .