Betraying its theatrical roots , it 's at times wordy , but the great acting , cutting dialogue and mesmerising characters more than make up for the occasional lull .
One movie I would pay not to see again is August : Osage County . The new Meryl Streep does the one thing a film should never do : it still feels like a play .
There 's not one weak link in the portrayals of this train-wreck of a family .
... this is a very quality film-it 's just that it does , at times , feel like a stage play .
Still , as a story of dysfunctionality begetting dyfunctionality , it packs a blackly funny punch , and Streep 's performance is a thing to behold : a venomous arachnid at the centre of a web of familial cruelty .
The A-list cast makes it a good watch , and the impressive production design makes for a suitable-enough stage replacement .
Problem is , with about ten families ' worth of dysfunction packed in , and no happy resolution , what kind of a cinematic experience is it ? The fingernails-on-a-blackboard kind .
This cast and crew is so well suited to bring this story to life that it 's nearly serendipitous , and the film will play like catnip to fans of the play .
Every ill-considered editing choice here bears the sticky fingerprints of statuette-grubbing producer Harvey Weinstein , attempting to tame this rough material for mass consumption by Oscar voters .
Sure to be divisive , `` August : Osage County '' is tenacious and beautifully constructed . Soulful and unafraid to show the gritty and ugly of the American family ,
Nothing makes you feel better about your dysfunctional family at the holidays than watching a messed-up clan unravel on screen , only armed with better zingers and prettier faces . That describes this adaptation of Tracy Letts 's star-studded drama .
New Hollywood motto : Never act with kids , dogs or Streep -- when she 's in Mommie Dearest mode , that is .
It is n't so much a movie as it is a competitive act-off .
It is easy to grow weary of these stories . But here is a movie that finds powerful relevance through its grotesque details .
It is kind of like a Shakespearean play without the swords , knives and blood on the stage , but there is a corpse .
Every trivial remark amounts to a level of high art , the conversation as a whole resembling a skillfully composed symphony , just with insults , regrets and harmful jokes .
... attracted some Oscar attention , but not necessarily for the right people .
It 's Tracy Letts ' words that fuel the performances that make August : Osage County such a great , entertaining and exhausting watch .
Instead of building to some tragic-comedic level of peak awfulness , August : Osage County lurches from revelation to revelation without coming together as anything more than a sloppy weekend where a lot of nasty crap goes down .
Apart from the Oscar-nominated Streep , Benedict Cumberbatch , Margo Martindale and Chris Cooper also snatch great moments in the non-stop melodrama of mean , while director John Wells stands back and lets them rip .
Led by the magnificent Streep , the film takes a grounded play that ran for three and a half hours and compresses it into a two hour showcase of talent .
Every actor is given their moment , just as every role is afforded a showpiece scene , but much of it feels like it 's just going through the motions .
The movie is wholly an actors ' vehicle , and the cast is largely superb , though Mulroney , Breslin , and especially McGregor are underused .
The film 's director , John Wells ... is never able to escape from the theatrical origins of this over-heated drama , though lovers of the Edward Albee style of marital confrontation will doubtless revel in the melodrama
Streep goes for it like Elizabeth Taylor in Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? , but ratcheted up at least 467 times .
Wells ' cinematic strategy seems mostly to be a matter of preserving the source play , and Streep 's mondo performance in particular , for posterity .
The film 's stage origins tell a little too obviously in places and the acting will seem overripe for some , but fans of Eugene O'Neil , Tennessee Williams and Edward Albee will surely find this rich slice of Midwestern Gothic to their taste .
The performances help to smooth out the rough spots and melodramatic detours , and there are plenty of powerful character-driven moments .
It all comes across as risk-averse , over-baked and hollow .
It is often hard to know if one is laughing at intentional jokes or bad writing , but the sheer couch-chewing craziness of the enterprise certainly sets it apart .
Absent the electricity of live-wire live performance , the play 's paucity of depth becomes more obvious . What 's left to carry the day are a nasty streak of black comedy and the redoubtable acting ensemble .
For all his character clichés , Letts ' dialogue invariably comes with the sting of truth . You 'll find something to empathise with even if you do n't want to .
This is a movie about crummy mummies in which everyone looks their age . That will strike many as a downer but I was left wanting more .
It has an awesomely talented cast ill-served by a script that does n't know whether it 's a comedy or a drama . Still , it has its moments .
There is more than enough misery to wallow in , a few good laughs , and lots of marvellous acting to enjoy .
Tracy Letts adapts his own prize-winning play into a blistering depiction of one of cinema 's most dysfunctional families ever .
August still feels neutered for mass consumption even to one barely familiar with the source .
The movie version of Tracy Letts 's award-winning Broadway stage play looks classy , but does n't add up to anything very nourishing .
Two hours of talking-head-shots logorrhoea .
This star-studded shout-off generates none of the heat and intensity of Tracy Letts ' stage play .
Claustrophobic , tiresome and dispiriting .
Engaging , sharply written and occasionally darkly funny drama enlivened by some striking location work and a pair of Oscar-nominated performances from Meryl Streep and Julia Roberts .
Cinematically wanting but never dull , the excellent acting on display is enough to make a trip to August : Osage County worthwhile .
A sometimes wickedly funny but ultimately sour , loud , draining tale of one of the most dysfunctional families in modern American drama .
Workmanlike though Wells 's handling feels , there 's pure vicious pleasure in watching this family tear itself apart from the inside .
This star-studded loopy melodrama is brash , foul-mouthed , self-consciously offensive , intermittently insightful and has a gaping hole where its heart should be .
It takes a while to get going and never outstrips its theatrical origins but gets by on great actors working through meaty scenes . See it for Streep vs Redford alone .
Tosses in reminders of Shakespeare , O'Neill and Chekhov family dramas without reaching those lofty heights .
In true soap style , it turns out that virtually everyone is harbouring some sort of dark secret that can be conveniently exposed whenever it looks like Meryl Streep might be running out of things to shout about .
Affecting , but exhausting dysfunctional family drama .
Beyond the expected excellent performance by Streep and a stellar cast headlined by Roberts - all of whom have been more enjoyable in better films - there 's little reason to sit through what amounts to be a very miserable family reunion .
That warm feeling you leave with is relief .
Letts 's vipers have been defanged , and there 's little indication that their brawling would elicit raucous laughter in its original form .
Designed as one big , sloppy thesp-a-thon , the film adaptation of August : Osage County interprets one of the past decade 's most overly hyped dramas with the conviction usually lavished on top-drawer Eugene O'Neill .
The grande dame demiurge presiding over this Dust Bowl carnival of souls is , of course , La Streep , who channels the stoned fury of Liz Taylor in ` Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? ' and the ghoulish glee of Bette Davis in ` What Ever Happened to Baby Jane ? '
The film gets by on its cast of fine actors doing charismatic work , and that 's enough to recommend it . But it 's a shame Wells could n't capture the extremes of the play -- the hilarious highs as well as the devastating lows .
This classy adap of a much-garlanded stage play will appeal to discerning audiences who can tolerate unpleasant characters with potty mouths if they 're played by Oscar winners .
August : Osage County is all about the acting . That makes sense because the storyline does n't offer much that could be considered new or remarkable .
With so many scenes that end in harsh emotional purging , there 's little opportunity for the cast to put the fun in dysfunctional .
In August : Osage County , Meryl Streep is battling against plenty of top talent attempting to usurp her throne . In the end , one of them manages to pull off the coup .
It 's almost too much of a good thing , as all the screaming , yelling and malevolence eventually start to wear thin .
Go beyond the particular sins , and you find something universal : the pain that has touched many families , and which has resonated with audiences around the world who have seen Tracy Letts ' play .
Think Elizabeth Taylor in full - `` Virginia Woolf '' mode , and then some , as Streep starts the very special revelation sequence with , `` You never know when someone might need a kidney , '' before taking her pound of flesh from everyone .
Streep is a scream and so is the movie .
With such a remarkable cast and gifted screenwriter , it 's difficult to determine why `` August : Osage County '' is n't a great film .
`` August : Osage County '' is not particularly uplifting , but the writing is so superior , and the cast so engaging , I can heartily recommend it .
The film 's greatest accomplishment is its depiction of the Weston women as sisters , mothers and daughters . In that department , the film makes a mighty , truthful stand .
The film 's acting ensemble really kicks out the jams .
After growing up in a dysfunctional family , movies about them sits at the bottom of my movie priority list . The acting , however , makes this a must-see .
This is Streep doing what she does best : Streeping . It 's entertaining , no doubt ... but there 's a point where her performance goes beyond characterization into capital-A acting .
An engaging drama filled with terrific dialogue as well as strong to brilliant performances . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
` August : Osage County ' is not a bad movie , it 's just disappointing for simply being good when there is so much potential greatness just lying around .
August : Osage County is easier to watch on screen , and maybe for that we should be grateful . But there 's also something to be said for sitting shell-shocked afterward , shaken and relieved to be free from witnessing more of this family 's downfall .
We watch Streep walking a very fine line between big time acting or chewing up the scenery like Homer Simpson locked in a doughnut shop overnight .
Although a couple of performances here may earn Oscar nominations , by the time you 've sat through the wreckage , you 're left with the sense that this really must have worked better onstage .
Letts loves manic people , twisted situations and barbed lines that cut with glee and he 's disturbingly good at delivering all three .
It is Roberts who makes August : Osage County watchable , and more : As Barbara , the actress ' wariness and weariness , her caustic humor - deployed to hide a deep sadness - all ring true .
Directed by John Wells -LRB- whose The Company Men also features a dark edge -RRB- , this plays at first like a slightly sad character comedy but then turns surprisingly nasty , with Streep portraying about the most poisonous character in her entire career .
... a sensational cast stranded in a lead-footed drama about a dysfunctional family coming together and airing their dirty laundry . Have n't we seen this many times before ?
The results are disastrous , both in terms of the family 's interactions and the film 's structure , which just gets thicker and thicker the more these people spend time together .
... an unexpectedly engrossing effort rife with appreciatively over-the-top and downright trashy elements ...
Dysfunction at a Gallop .
Is it awards-worthy ? No . But it 's often exciting , the kind of strenuously acted movie that blows the cobwebs off the viewing experience after all those more carefully modulated awards-season dramas .
A powerful and engaging story that shows the flaws that make families so interesting . Crazy and interesting .
Offers a nightmare vision of what happens when gaudy histrionics poison a powerhouse ensemble .
Watching it , you may feel like slipping out of the room , closing the door quietly behind you .
This raw , brutal , comically laced domestic drama recalls the nastiness and hurt of Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? with a touch of Tennessee Williams ' tension .
Not a great movie but a fine guilty pleasure of acting excess .
There 's hardly a frame in this sour drama where you wo n't catch Streep `` acting . '' Rolling her eyes . Gesturing wildly . Cackling . She might as well be carrying a shotgun the whole movie to fire after every sentence .
By the end , watching the film version of August : Osage County is like joining the party scene in All About Eve . As Bette Davis says , `` Fasten your seatbelts , it 's going to be a bumpy night ! ''
The problem was that director John Wells did not understand the play , or at the very least , he did not make his actors understand the play , even at its most basic level .
Consistently surprising , enchantingly vicious , and thematically profound , August : Osage County is a rough sit , but one that rewards with a shotgun blast of emotion that 's riveting to watch .
By the time the movie 's climax comes round , the combined fate of this trio is heartbreakingly sad .
With a talent roster this large and a script this pointed , there 's not much more director Wells can do than get out of the way - and indeed , that 's what he does .
Over the years , the Pulitzer Prize - and Tony Award-winning play by Tracy Letts did quite well for itself . But whatever it did right onstage has been lost in this stilted , ham-fisted translation ...
The film ca n't transcend its theatrical , non-naturalistic roots . An experience that should be shattering is merely battering .
Director John Wells films things in a plain , unshowy style , graciously ceding the spotlight to Letts ' fine words and the crackling delivery by the cast .
Do n't rush to see the movie simply because you enjoyed the stage production . You 'll probably be disappointed .
The cloistered farmhouse setting , the surfeit of familiar faces , and the furious emotional pitch all contribute to the stifling sense of claustrophobia that 's so key to Letts 's writing .
-LSB- Meryl Streep 's -RSB- performance teeters between the brilliant and the OTT .
These are tremendous actors , and maybe it all worked better on the stage .
An actor 's playground , filled with meaty roles and juicy dialog . Every character gets at least one moment in the spotlight , and every actor in Wells ' adaptation seizes it .
For those who appreciate fiery dialogue delivered by fine actors , `` August : Osage County '' is heaven-sent .
There are things to enjoy in `` August : Osage County , '' mainly around the edges . But there 's a serious case of miscasting at the center .
There are some fine performances on display here , but it 's not enough of a reason for us to wade through a film that is nothing but two hours of arguing and venting .
All this vitriol might work better on the stage , but bigger than life and in tight close-up , the familial nastiness becomes insufferable . TV producer-turned-director John Wells lights everything like an ad for cholesterol meds .
Wells lets his actors run wild with Letts ' script , which is full of opportunities for shameless showboating .
It 's not an especially insightful or complex work ... but `` August : Osage County '' offers the rare and pleasing spectacle of lots of fine actors chewing on meaty , entertaining roles .
Cynical rather than profound .
You 're unlikely to forget Streep 's vindictive persona and sharp insults any time soon .
For the first half hour or so , Streep 's bitch-on-wheels shtick is good mean fun . But the script jettisons so much of the play that the remainder feels sketchy and super-stagy - like something Eugene O'Neill might have written for the Lifetime channel .
There 's no cat , and the roof may not be made of tin , but it 's plenty hot thanks to Meryl Streep and Julia Roberts .
Yet another adaptation of a well-regarded stage piece that has n't translated particularly well to the screen .
An overplotted , feel-bad flick saved by a host of compelling performances , most notably those of Meryl Streep and Margo Martindale .
Though maybe known better to moviegoers as the mind behind such perverse pleasures as `` Bug '' and `` Killer Joe , '' Letts shows his range here , writing a raw , bitter drama that hits at the heart of where his characters live .
Cluttering this adaptation with so many identifiable actors and zooming in on them for Nora Desmond-like close-ups detracts from Letts ' wounding blitz of sentences .
The director John Wells 's adaptation of Tracy Letts 's play sits awkwardly on the screen .
The problem with the film is easy to nail : it 's a cacophony ... Director John Wells seems content to let his actors try to out-act each other , but the combative style proves grating rather than gratifying .
Osage County boils , then burns . Wells 's film does n't hold together as incriminatingly as the play does .
The story is a congealed mass of clichés , but we can forget about all previous hen parties and just sop it up like gravy bread .
Clearly calculated to win Oscars , August : Osage County instead feels more worthy of a Razzie or two .
As a showcase for a host of gifted actors , `` August : Osage County '' is potent and entertaining .
Would resemble a senior version of Valley of the Dolls if it had even a smidge of desiccated glamor -LRB- a la Sunset Boulevard -RRB- or really any justification for the addictions on display-but such moralizations are void here .
Tracy Letts ' screen adaptation of his acclaimed Pulitzer Prize-winning play of the same name is juicy melodrama of the highest order , and puts him in a class with Tennessee Williams , Edward Albee and the like .
It 's two hours of bilious caterwauling .
With the accolades it received , August : Osage County must work better on stage . As a production timed specifically for awards-season , it is lacking .
A thuddingly mediocre prestige film .
At the end , I was glad to get out of this County .
If you embrace the overkill , you 'll enjoy it . But if extravagance is n't your thing , move swiftly on to something lighter and more digestible .
This pared-down film version mostly captures the stormy symphonic interplay of nasty recriminations , mocking taunts and hurtful revelations hurled with corrosive aplomb by a top-notch ensemble of actors .
I have to confess that -LRB- a -RRB- I never saw this Pulitzer Prize-winning vehicle by Tracy Letts when it was on stage and -LRB- b -RRB- nothing about this film version makes me regret that choice .
There 's quite a bit to enjoy here , particularly for fans of hurtful , overheated family melodrama . And of nasty sharp-tongued comedy as cold as ice , and black as tar .
The performances are worth the experience , more so than a story that does n't deliver the amount of insight or enlightenment it thinks .
August : Osage County is a mess , an overcooked movie-star stew that never quite coheres into a movie .
The dialogue is so sharply written and the sniping so deftly performed that it can be entertaining , though challenging to endure .
A two-hour onslaught of extreme profanity , vicious insults and verbal violence ...
It 's a tribute to the ensemble acting ... that I breathed a sigh of relief once the end credits began to roll on this film adaptation of Tracy Letts ' Pulitzer Prize - and Tony Award-winning play .
It is possible that Mr. Wells has simply mishandled the material , riding roughshod over subtleties and muffling bravura moments .
The movie also gives us a chance to see Ms. Roberts in action , and she 's marvelous , too , in an austere style that perfectly complements Ms. Streep 's volcanism .
When a movie is based on a celebrated play , the first question to ask is , Does it play ? In the case of August : Osage County ... the answer is yes .
Streep 's performance has been criticized for being too theatrical , but that 's off the mark : The character she 's playing is supposed to be theatrical . She 's a woman playing a part -- the ravaged matriarch .
stocked with fine performers and just about all the play 's major story beats intact
... while the director gives his film a lived-in quality , he has n't succeeded in making us care about the lives subsisting within .
Everyone here has pain , everyone has secrets , and while we join these characters for a short time , it 's easy to see that the cycles of lies , distrust , and abuse go back for generations ...
August : Osage County , however , bitterly funny in some places and numbingly earnest in others , is just too much Streep .
Tracy Letts ' adaptation of his Pulitzer Prize-winning play is catnip for actors and raises dysfunction to a whole new level .
Ultimately , August : Osage County never gets hot enough to really sizzle .
In the all-star movie adaptation of August : Osage County , another play that holds the stage with fang and claw feels less momentous onscreen .
Wells ' heavy-handed direction and a bizarrely sappy score by Gustavo Santaolalla flatten much of the humor and spikiness ; the pace seems to slow just as the no-exit tension should kick in .
Having seen what Tracy Letts wrenching family drama wrought on stage , winning not just the Tony , but Pulitzer Prize , I may have found this star-studded film kind of fun , but also a very pretty shell of its former self .
Drama that brings us face-to-face with the toxins that can destroy marriages and family life .
Big , broad , funny but melodramatic and overly theatrical . Meryl Streep pitches her performance to the back row .
When it 's serious , it 's too serious . When it 's ` funny , ' it 's camp .
As bitter and brutal - and witty and entertaining - as anything since Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf .
If it goes a little too far sometimes it 's forgivable ; a volcano erupting spontaneously in Oklahoma would be ok because we could watch how this dysfunctional family copes with it .
Streep proves once again why she always seems to be in award contention ; rising to that rarified air is Julia Roberts as her daughter played by Roberts in a role that just might be her best performance to date .
This is one of the meatiest roles Roberts has had in a good long time , and she handles it with an admirable lack of vanity . Gone is that high-wattage Roberts smile . Barbara is weary , bitter , and , at times , shrewish .
The bloom is a bit off the rose with this starry , streamlined adaptation of Tracy Letts 's Tony - and Pulitzer-feted 2007 play .
What works about the film can largely be attributed to the original text , which is full of cruel twists and savage blows that Tracy Letts wisely retains for the screen .
There 's great acting in every frame , but by the end of the ordeal , the viewer may be too exhausted to care .
It 's the best bad time I 've had all year .
Abandonment disguised as holiday fare - this barbed , darkly comic drama is filled with challenging , revelatory outbursts of recrimination and regret .
An emotional blockbuster in which characters are assassinated , homes destroyed and -LRB- personal -RRB- demons run rampant , breathing fire
Drug and alcohol addiction , infidelity , incest and a never-ending coil of recriminations are the triggers . . We feel as though we are eavesdropping in what feels more like a battlefield than a family home
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Tracy Letts 's Pulitzer Prize-winning play loses an hour-and-a-half from its original running time , but none of its dramatic impact in the playwright 's own screenplay adaptation .
Despite a first-rate cast and the original playwright adapting his own Pulitzer winning drama August : Osage County 's overwrought melodrama centers around a woman so boorish you would n't want to spend two minutes , let alone two hours , with her .
It 's hysterical and hard to watch , but grimly compelling nonetheless .
After watching this family dinner from hell , you ca n't be blamed if you 'd rather go to Mickey D 's -- alone .
Put all these folks around a table with Streep 's Violet at its head and you get what may be the finest dinner battles ever recorded .
Letts ' script attracted actors of the highest calibre , Wells fostered brilliance from Streep and Roberts -LRB- and the whole cast really -RRB- . It 's not easy to watch a family implode but August : Osage County shows us that some families need to .
A highbrow Fockers .
It 's up to this generation 's greatest screen actress to find the honesty and the power amongst all the showboating : I 'm referring , of course , to Margo Martindale .
Despite terrific performances , August : Osage County is basically a two-hour bitch fest with so many ugly reveals it strains the limits of credibility .
I somehow doubt that reassuring viewers of Julia Roberts 's indomitable spirit ever crossed Letts 's mind as one of his goals for the piece .
Good but not great . Streep and Roberts feel a little too much like stunt-casting .
It pokes and occasionally stabs , but does n't twist the knife as much as it should .
Among Wells ' actors , six have earned Oscars or Oscar nominations , and most of the others deserved to somewhere along the line . As a company , they 're swell here .
August : Osage County is a brutal , heart-wrenchingingly impressive film that only mildly suffers from its downsized running time .
If disses were marble , Tracy Letts would be Michelangelo and ` August : Osage County ' would be his David .
Wells deserves credit for juggling countless subplots without deflating the vitality of the material . The movie 's so busy with squabbling that it 's best appreciated as a collage of flawed intentions rather than their collective outcome
On the whole the ensemble sticks close to Letts ' vision of a family on the verge of imploding , letting the writer 's language and ideas carry the day .
This two-ton prestige pic wo n't win the hearts of highbrow critics or those averse to door-slamming , plate-smashing , top-of-the-lungs histrionics , but as a faithful filmed record of Letts ' play , one could have scarcely hoped for better .
Wells sacrifices flair to fidelity . Letts is one of the most formidable talents around today , but in handling his screenplay with such kid gloves , Wells puts a passenger in the driver 's seat .
There are so many reveals , twists and turns that they all end up feeling desperate .
A vastly enjoyable theatrical banquet , if perhaps not a profound one , is served up in a bit of a rush here , as if they ca n't wait to get the next sitting in . But you certainly do n't come away feeling hungry .
An entertaining adaptation , delivering flavorful rewards in some sharp supporting turns that flank the central mother-daughter adversaries .
August : Osage County is a film of big , wild gestures , plate smashing , screaming and tears , but not nuance , and it all has the effect of leaving one deadened , not moved .

@highlight

The sheer amount of acting going on in August : Osage County threatens to overwhelm , but when the actors involved are as talented as Meryl Streep and Julia Roberts , it 's difficult to complain .