Earnest drama about fervent English abolitionist .
Amazing Grace proves to be an invaluable history lesson , but a rather boring film .
I 'm not sure what was a bigger problem for me , though -- that the story jumped around so much , or that the tone did , too .
There 's a lot of good intentions behind Amazing Grace , but the movie 's a bore , swirling into the minutia of antiquated British law .
Who 'd have thought that the most compelling and thoughtful film to be presented during Black History Month would be a formal British import set in 18th century England with men running around in wigs ?
Skilfully written and directed , the film is an involving drama , even if it 's overly worthy and sentimental .
Impressively directed , politically relevant and occasionally inspirational , this is an enjoyable , engaging drama with strong performances from its talented cast .
A fascinating story , a great cast , but average in its presentation .
Apted 's unexpected crowd-pleaser is inspirational , but also surprisingly entertaining .
It 's neither amazing nor graceful .
A decent cast under Michael Apted 's direction does its best , but it 's dull , naive and dramatically inert .
A very decent contribution to the present bicentennial celebrations of the parliamentary bill that outlawed the slave trade in the British empire .
A good -- and important -- story , not always well told .
As a period piece , it 's remarkably detailed , smartly written , and likably acted .
While there is plenty to hold our interest in William Wilberforce 's noble battle to abolish slavery in 18th Century Britain , as a film , Amazing Grace is overzealous and gets bogged down by details
Amazing Grace thoughtfully explores the issue of slavery without sermonizing or losing sight of the fact that modern audiences still need to connect with relatable characters no matter how important the subject matter .
While the subject matter is ripe for investigation , the film is n't quite up to the challenge .
Apted directs with a firm hand and the film has been gorgeously shot by Remi Adefarasin . The large cast is generally good , with Gruffudd serving as the strong anchor .
The whole thing feels a bit smug and complacent , as if having a worthwhile subject were the only requirement for making a worthwhile film , and Apted directs in a respectable `` Masterpiece Theatre '' style that effectively drains away any inherent drama .
the film , like its central character , is resolute in its objective . Perhaps too resolute .
Gruffudd 's Wilberforce lacks charisma and the House of Commons scenes are interminable . Worthy should n't mean dull . What a waste .
Michael Apted channels history , but Grace is amazing for the modern sensibilities of its 18th-century saints .
It is to be hoped that Amazing Grace is not the only , or the last , cinematic celebration of 200th anniversary of abolition , for there are more stories to tell , more imaginatively .
The movie emerges in the end as a stirring and -- cover your ears , kids -- educational ode to the political power an individual with a cause can inflict on the morally bankrupt status quo .
So much to admire and so little to amaze .
Accessibility is one of the movie 's virtues : without dumbing down , it makes the workings of Parliament seem as gripping as a good suspense thriller .
Grufudd is fine , passionate and single-minded , though overly Romantic , and quietly upstaged by the extraordinary Benedict Cumberbatch .
It is one of the world 's great songs , and now it has a worthy movie to go with it .
Amazing Grace 's examination of men in power moved to change risks ridicule and righteousness for a smart take on history .
There 's so much story here that the characters do n't have quite enough room to breathe , but it 's still a fascinating look at a time , and a man , worth remembering .
Illuminates how key transformative historical moments play out in the business of everyday life .
All the elements work harmoniously together : beautiful settings , an extremely talented cast who bring the characters to life , gorgeous costuming and a rich script that informs and delights .
`` Amazing '' indeed .
History as one might wish it to be taught to an earnest child .
Amazing Grace marks an unforgettable and regrettable time in world history while highlighting a few who valiantly set out to right the wrongs .
AMAZING GRACE is a second-class film on a first-class theme . The film smolders for almost two hours without ever catching emotional fire . Some enormous liberties were taken with history .
Perhaps more Masterpiece Theatre than motion picture , Amazing Grace nevertheless tells a story that 's compelling enough to compensate for the occasional stuffiness .
Do n't miss this film .
One of the nobler ` based on true events ' efforts I 've seen in some time , one of the most entertaining and a fine example of the work of a master-craftsman filmmaker .
Chimes in for freedom , but rarely hits the high notes .
... ponderous and relentlessly padded in its moral morass ... Grace manages to work effectively as a crusading costume drama drenched in consciousness and conviction .
As square as this movie is , it has been made with eloquence and jaunty high spirits , and it tells a good story that is virtually unknown here .
Climax is a groundswell of tear-inducing virtue that ultimately leaves Grace on a high , if not amazing , note .
Think of this as `` Pride and Prejudice '' meets `` Reds '' .
Blending period drama with message-driven political wrangling , Amazing Grace is as earnest and well-intentioned as it is unsurprising .
The focus on Wilberforce 's ailing body seems a peculiar , not to say `` amazing , '' displacement of affliction .
A good film editor could have made this 111-minute effort into an entertaining , tight 90 minute film , without losing any of the story or suspense .
-LSB- Screenwriter -RSB- Knight should be remembered at year 's end for not only telling a compelling story , but for delightfully smart and witty dialogue that never feels unnatural in the actors ' mouths .
Handsome bio-pic wavers between a surplus of piety and a well done history lesson .
Steven Knight has enlivened what might have been workmanlike , spiced the romance with wit , spiked the period-piece punch with pizzazz .
Amazing Grace , a prettified take on the life and times of the 18th-century reformer William Wilberforce , carries a strong whiff of piety . It is n't a bad smell ; there are notes of roses and treacle in the mix , but also elements of sweat and pain .
Gruffudd and Apted are pleasantly earnest in their efforts to spread Wilberforce 's message of peace and justice .
-LSB- The screenwriter -RSB- does an admirable job of streamlining a story that unfolds over the course of 20 years . Meanwhile , Apted allows his fine cast the breathing room to make historical figures feel like living , breathing people rather than waxworks .
A detailed , affecting biography of one of the great souls who moved humanity forward .
Often vulnerable , more often inspiring , Gruffudd 's Wilberforce not only stirs curiosity but also quickens your conscience . As Fox notes eloquently , he was a great man . One does not have to be religious to believe he had amazing grace .
Do n't shy away for fear of a dry bit of educational cinema ; Amazing Grace is a well-told and very human story .
Characters are so imprisoned by the movie 's need to drive home its antislavery message that they become utterly lifeless . Pretty pictures abound in Amazing Grace , but they do n't serve to illustrate any ideas or emotions worth wrestling with .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Apted gives the movie a reasonably good period feel . Working with an obviously limited budget , it feels like something you might see on the History Channel , but that 's not necessarily a knock .
Amazing Grace is n't quite an accurate title for this entertaining history lesson , but no one will ever write a song titled ` Amazing 20-Year Period of Parliamentary Maneuvering to End Britain 's Role in the Slave Trade . '
Michael Apted 's compelling and highly informative Amazing Grace is an apt celebration of America 's Black History Month , even though its story takes place in England .
The film ultimately tells a powerful and little-known historical tale .
Director Michael Apted and screenwriter Steven Knight ca n't help letting a little sanctification take hold -- while also , sadly , making a charged historical subject seem tedious .
Director Michael Apted tells the story with dry devotion to parliamentary procedurals and a worshipful approach to Wilberforce . But -LSB- actor -RSB- Gruffudd lacks the intensity and charisma to pull it off .
Amazing Grace is the stuff of great lessons and inspiration and hope , and if it 's all delivered with a bit too much moral push , well , moral push apparently was what William Wilberforce was all about . There 's another word for such dweebs : Heroes .
Director Michael Apted has turned out a movie that might be best described as faithful , both in its attention to accuracy and in its acknowledgement of the role faith played in righting one of the great social wrongs .
In building his movie around a single issue , Apted succeeds in capturing a rough-and-tumble side to politics that never feels too far removed from our own day .
I 'm sure -LSB- director -RSB- Apted meant well , but Amazing Grace comes across as a surprisingly graceless biopic narrowed down to one white man 's uncomfortable burden .
The film is inspiring . When Wilberforce finally achieves victory , Lord Fox makes a speech , in which the opening words , sadly , still ring true today : ` When people think of great men , rarely do they think of peaceful men . '
Screenwriter Steven Knight gracefully articulates the many domestic and international forces at work .
The movie is the usual kind of film biography of a respected figure from the distant past -- honorable , oversimplified , handsome .
It 's a doughty movie , stuck halfway between Masterpiece Theatre and Classics Illustrated .
An inspirational , moving and wonderfully well-told story that comes to the screen at just the right time .
Amazing Grace may not accomplish the depth of poignancy inherent in its subject , but it 's a steady effort .
Although the film does skirt the edge of preachiness at times , you certainly ca n't argue with the basic human decency that it 's preaching .
The rhetoric in the film is clearly intended to be relevant to the situation in the United States today ... ` Our fear of an unknown enemy must not be allowed to erode our long-cherished liberties , ' says a Wilberforce ally .
A well-told cinematic example of a man who used his faith and God-given opportunities to change the world for good .
There is a cheering sense of moral force behind this film , which could have become preachy , trite and clotted with self-righteousness .
A creditable historical drama about those who choose to be in the world , not merely of it .
Amazing Grace is a case of good works done well ... -LSB- an -RSB- admirable historical drama .
A movie for people who like uncomplicated , uplifting stories where good triumphs over evil .
-LSB- Apted 's -RSB- picture , openhearted and enthusiastic , is partly an ode to Wilberforce and partly a love letter to the simple act of taking action .
Amazing Grace is an important historical drama that comes out at a good time for movie-goers who want high quality , thought provoking entertainment .
Those who take the plunge will be rewarded with an unusually satisfying and inspiring historical epic from one of contemporary cinema 's best filmmakers .
Like Steven Spielberg 's glossy Amistad before it , Amazing Grace shies away from the texture and complexity of color , scurrying instead for the safer platitudes of black and white -- good and evil .
Director Michael Apted and his team understand the challenges of this kind of story and have met them with intelligence and energy . -LSB- He -RSB- has managed to be true to the outsized emotions of the story without giving way to sentimentality .
-LSB- Director Michael Apted -RSB- has an unfortunate penchant for bland stateliness , and never more so than in Amazing Grace .
Amazing Grace arrives Hollywood-slick , a polished British period piece . It manipulates , but then again , so does the song that gives it its title . Movies , like hymns and history , should give us a good cry .
A stirring and still relevant political drama with a stellar cast .
It 's clear that the filmmakers believe a movie about political debate has to have a lot of speechifying . Consequently , it 's so talky that it gradually loses our interest , which is a real shame .
Earnest , respectful and thoroughly dull , Michael Apted 's Amazing Grace follows all of the worst traditions of British historical dramas .
What makes William Wilberforce a great man is also what makes him a bore : He 's possessed of such intractable single-mindedness and confidence in the rightness of his ideals that we ca n't help but wish he would lay aside saving the world for a while .
It 's a good story , but director Michael Apted ca n't help but fall into the usual cinematic habits of the hagiographic species .
Steven Knight 's ponderous script is front-loaded with expository deep background and stuffed into an awkward structure that lumbers back and forth between Wilberforce the early idealist and Wilberforce the broken man .
As written by Steven Knight , it seems so taken with Wilberforce 's moral magnificence , it forgets to involve the audience , too .
How could Michael Apted , who directed those towering pillars of truth the 7 Up documentaries , make a movie as bogus as Amazing Grace ?
Well-made by Michael Apted , and well-acted all around .
That rare bird : a tear-jerker about the House of Commons and the antislavery movement in England . Michael Apted 's idolatrous portrait of abolitionist William Wilberforce is wall-to-wall with intriguing characters and deeply felt performances .
The rhythms -LSB- director Michael Apted and editor Rick Shaine -RSB- establish are jumpy and unsteady , afraid of allowing a scene to breathe and flow naturally . If the script were more alive , these matters of visual technique would matter less . But not much less .
If you seek a movie that is uplifting , enlightening and ennobling , then Grace is for you .
History purists will find the details enchanting , period drama fanatics will adore the arm 's - length posture of the piece , and the true-life tale is one worth being told . Just make sure to ingest loads of caffeine before watching .
Gruffudd and the amazing cast give performances that would make this film more useful in teaching drama school than in teaching social studies .
How do you make the slavery debates of 18th-century British parliament feel cinematic ? By casting some of the best brogues around .
Coming soon to a social studies class near you .
an intelligent film about serious thinkers and their ideas , and it 's director Michael Apted 's spare , incisive vison that prevents the film from becoming either cloying or maudlin , though the screen is painted with emotion
It leaves the blood unstirred .
Apted is without a doubt one of the foremost documentarians working today . His Up Series represents a cinematic hallmark . His feature credits are less certain .
Michael Apted 's Amazing Grace is a beautifully chiseled blunt instrument . No , it 's not subtle , but how subtle was slavery ?
Inspiring drama of how one man can make a huge difference in the fight against the importation of slaves in Britain .
Though it 's not as inspiring as its makers might have wished , it 's a solid , respectful treatment of a significant episode in the anti-slavery movement .
Sanitized version of the career and life of William Wilberforce , who thought that the uncouth behavior of slaves was a greater sin than slavery itself . Pure hagiography and an assault on the historical record .
TV in vision , structure and execution . To think feature film as a delivery vehicle for it is more ambitious than this telling of a worthy , under-appreciated story justifies .
An inspiring drama directed by Michael Apted about a zealous abolitionist in eighteenth century England who models for us a moral heroism .
Michael Apted 's Amazing Grace , from a screenplay by Steven Knight , turns out to be blessed with inspirational nobility and comic eccentricity to bring it to emotional fruition .
This compelling bio-pic is an overdue tribute to William Wilberforce -LRB- 1759-1833 -RRB- , the British abolitionist who , for 20 years , tirelessly lobbied Parliament to end England 's participation in the slave trade .
Based on the true story of one man 's crusade to end slavery in 18th-century Great Britain , Michael Apted 's film is a conventional social injustice drama , immenseley helped by Iown Gruffudd 's captivating lead performance .
Fernando Meirelles and Edward Zwick take note : Amazing Grace is proof that liberal filmmakers can make movies that are n't desperate manifestations of their political guilt .
A terrific subject becomes a tepid morality play .
A workmanlike costumer that distills Blighty 's long battle for the abolition of slavery and the personalities behind landmark antislavery legislation into a tidy story of conscience and perseverance .
The political maneuverings are of some historical interest , but modern relevancy is hard to find .






@highlight

Amazing Grace is your quintessential historical biopic : stately , noble , and with plenty of electrifying performances .