In light of the cinematic abomination that is `` XXX : State Of The Union , '' Vin Diesel made the right choice by refusing to do another `` xXx '' movie unless Rob Cohen continued to direct the franchise .
XXXcruciating !
Youngsters and action junkies wo n't mind the film 's ridiculous gadgets , secret tunnels and hairsbreadth escapes , but everyone else will have to check credibility at the door .
Well , they sure blowed 'em up good in XXX : State of the Union . And they pimped many rides . XXX is a car nut 's fantasy .
full review in Greek
A big , dumb action film that exceeds low expectations .
There 's not a single scene in this film that does n't provide at least one unintentional guffaw .
Delivers the no-thinking-required , over-the-top goods , with some surprising digs at the original film providing the icing on this tasty bit of cinematic junk food .
The only similarity that Cube and Diesel share is that they both appear to have ditched their birth names and pulled their new ones out of a hat .
You are supposed to walk away entertained , and I did .
Até mesmo Vin Diesel , astro do pavoroso Operação Babá , percebeu que este projeto era ruim . Preciso dizer mais ?
Viewed on its own trashy terms , it succeeds brilliantly .
XXX : State Of The Union is an action movie for liberals , and as far as empowerment fantasies go , it 's a hoot .
... remains nothing more than a nonsensical and noisy diversion that wallows in its glossed-over big-budgeted B-movie banality .
And while I 'm not about to claim any facet of this feature has more brain cells than a bimbo looking for her next blonde joke , it 's never obnoxious in its dimwittedness until that noxiously calamitous final .
... an unimaginative , derivative , and ultimately dull riff on the Bond series .
Not only is Cube AmeriKKKa 's Most Wanted , he also our fattest -LRB- note : not `` phatest '' -RRB- action hero . They should have named his character XXXL .
The result is so infantile it might as well be based on the doodles of 8-year-old schoolboys .
Ice Cube makes an appealing lead and no-one ever mentions that he might be a little on the tubby side to really cut it as an action hero .
Aims low and hits the bull 's - eye with enough firepower to sink the Bismarck .
XXX : State of the Union falls flat because Lee Tamahori directs the action scenes with the grace of a bull in a china shop .
It may sound strange to say that this is another boring action film , but it 's true .
... panders to African-American audiences , giving them white caricatures no better than the mammies and bucks of Hollywood 's segregated days .
As for female characters , in the xXx franchise , there are only two types of women : the ones with big breasts , and the ones with even bigger breasts .
Is it too late to toss Ice Cube 's name into the hat in the new James Bond sweepstakes ? I 'd be down with that .
A colossal bore .
It 's not awful or terrible ; it 's just generic .
one of the most uninspired and misconceived big-budget action flicks I 've ever had to sit through .
No one expects brilliant writing in a movie like this , but there are limits -- or there should be .
The plot is `` ice '' thin and Ice Cube ca n't hold a candle to Van Diesel in my opinion . If you like a lot of car explosions and action packed scenes you will like this movie .
Explosions abound , along with expository dialogue and a ham-tastic triad of performances from Sam Jackson , Willem Dafoe , and Peter Strauss .
Just what we need , a chubby , surly , incomprehensible action hero .
A self-consciously dumb political thriller is n't given room to do much .
Somewhere Vin Diesel is laughing all the way to the bank .
The non-stop gratuitous violence/explosions/crashes are so implausible that this tedious thriller resembles an arcade video game .
This is that rare B movie that 's rooted in gut-level stirrings of power and retaliation .
Peter Strauss is taking a few moments from his busy schedule of gardening with Miracle Gro , which evidently is not miraculous enough to conjure the `` w '' in `` grow . ''
crrrrrrrrrrrrrrrAP !
A completely generic action film with nothing to hold your attention and no one for you to care about .
You always have the option of giving yourself a lobotomy before seeing this . If you do that , you just might like it -LRB- or even understand it -RRB- .
chintzy effects work and quasi-military quasi-thrills actually bring to mind a cheesy late-eighties action picture , albeit with less appalling politics
Seems more like a combined auto show/Fourth of July celebration for firebugs than a movie .
Intellectually as dumb as a door post , but Ice Cube provides enough fun .
Now , rather than looking tough , former NWA badass Ice Cube simply seems constipated , and rather than being intimidating he is strangely ingratiating .
` Rather then saying the film strikes out I think I 'll use a little bowling jargon to sum it up : `` XXX '' is a turkey ! '
It has just enough sociology , and is wholly dismissive of physics and logic . Still , the last half-hour 's unbridled action raises it to the original 's enjoyable-trash level .
So primitive , it must have been written in lizard blood on animal skin .
Embarrassingly amateurish .
Any movie that has the President quoting Tupac had an idea somewhere along the way .
A childish movie of the shoot 'em up/blow 'em up/here come the flame throwers and the cool-looking weapons genre .
-LSB- T -RSB- his is that oddest of creatures , the blue state action movie .
Implausible actioner too noisy and clunky .
You 'd need a crane to suspend your disbelief .
So devoid of craft , it looks as though it were filmed by robots .
It 's even louder and dumber than the first XXX -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , but if watching things fall down and go boom in a very big way makes you cheer , you 're in luck .
A crisp adventure that grows increasingly audacious -LRB- the story climaxes with a huge battle waged in the Capitol -RRB- if only lightly enjoyable .
Its action scenes are too absurd and too computer-generated to produce any kind of rush . The dialogue , not just amateurish , fails even to approximate something resembling human interaction .
It 's sterile , juvenile , brazenly bad . It will make money . It will be forgotten by the time you get to the bathroom .
-LSB- I -RSB- t is certainly true that there is Not A Lot Of Talking -LSB- here -RSB- ... because it would only interfere with the unbelievable number of vehicle explosions ...
I do n't know about the state of the union , but the state of this movie franchise is gosh-awful .
Call it Seven Days in May I Please Have a Screenplay ?
There 's no believing that Big Daddy Darius Stone -- a rather lumpy Ice Cube , who looks like he 'd get winded walking up a flight of stairs -- could save the country .
Perfectly mindless fun , where the emphasis is on the mindless .
Summits that elusive Pinnacle of Stupidity -- the one where a bad film crosses some indefinable event horizon of moronics and becomes weirdly awesome . You may find yourself laughing harder at State of the Union than at any comedy you see this year .
There are bound to be pictures bigger , dumber and more punishing than this one released during the summer , but at least the warm weather also will bring a wider range of alternatives .
Mostly an excuse for cramming as much gratuitous violence as possible into a PG-13-rated flick running only 92 minutes .
The chases , shootouts and explosions in this deafening , lamebrained wreck of a movie make the Road Runner cartoons look like National Geographic specials .
The part of me that was n't rolling my eyes really wanted to know which media bad boy would be next in line .
This sequel careens wildly between the uninspired and the absurd , building up to an earsplitting , freakishly over-the-top finale that seems born either of desperation or a bender that would make Hunter S. Thompson proud .
XXX : State of the Union is occasionally fun to watch , if only to see just how much suspension of disbelief your brain can take .
XXX : State of the Union is a rip-roaringly funny action flick . That may not be what the producers , director , writer and stars intended , but that 's what 's up there on the screen .
Functions less as a movie than an overactive adrenal gland .
With Ice Cube at the wheel , it delivers all the adrenaline a junkie could ever want . Just do n't pay too much attention to anything else going on in the movie .
The most gratifying thing about xXx : State of the Union is that nobody wastes much time on character , motivation , plausibility , dialogue or sex -- all that slow stuff that drags down ordinary movies .
Any excitement over the many eXXXplosions is overpowered by the fact that just about everything here is totally implausible .
There is hardly a word that escapes from anyone 's mouth that is n't plain moronic . There are loads of big boobs though , both figuratively and literally ... good times .
This is just a warm-up as the summer movie season gets an early start . Big , loud and stupid , XXX : State of the Union is n't so much a sequel as a preview of coming attractions .
This is garbage , fun garbage at times , but action-bang trash nonetheless .
This dim-witted action-thriller might go down better if its presidential-assassination storyline were n't in such bad taste and if its attitude were n't so misogynistic -- and if its attempts at humor were more than lame one-liners .
A humorless foray of noise and fast-cuts signifying nothing much .
To say that Tamahori -LRB- Die Another Day -RRB- panders is to understate his capacity for bread-and-circus-style filmmaking .
Darius Stone has no unique abilities : He 's just mean , tough and dogged .
There are really only two kinds of big-budget action movies : stupid , and good and stupid . Surprisingly , XXX : State of the Union is good and stupid .
The plot holes in this new XXX are XXXL - big enough to drive a tank through .
So full of self-aware speechifying , howlingly bad verbal pissing contests , and audacious bulls ** t plotting that it almost flies as a parody of itself . Almost . -LSB- Blu-Ray -RSB-
I flat-out defy the filmmakers ... to logically explain the course of action in the movie .
This is better than its predecessor , but it still lacks something . It 's too clean , sanitized and artificial looking , a film like this needs to get down , dirty and grimy .
So generic and derivative ... that it 's hard to turn your brain off and even enjoy the action .
xXx : State of the Union is better than the first entry , which is sort of like saying a mallet to the scalp is better than a hammer .
The sequel , rather than being big and dumb , is just dumb .
One of the best sequels ever made without the star of the original ... The only reason to criticize is if you just do n't like big , unrealistic action .
In the words of comic Lewis Black , `` Do n't think about it for more than two seconds , or you 'll have an aneurysm and your head will explode ! ''
Cacophonous , ridiculous , and overblown , but it got on my good side .
I have a perfect way to recreate the XXX experience at home for cheap : simply run headfirst at top speed into a brick wall . Popcorn optional .
Succumbs to a depth of directorial incompetence not seen since the likes of Megaforce
Kinberg and Tamahori should be sued for movie malpractice .
There 's no wit or imagination , just the thump thump thump of exposition and explosions .
Ice Cube brings his trademark charisma and street sensibility to a film that would n't be nearly as entertaining without it , though he gets considerable help from better-than-the-material-deserves performances by Jackson and Dafoe .
Opens explosively and never lets up , with Lee Tamahori -LRB- Die Another Day -RRB- in full command of the action and Simon Kinberg an equally astute writer with a flair for linking socko action set pieces with terse characterization .
Plays less like a sequel to XXX than a parody of it and the whole action genre .
Did I enjoy this movie ? Only in a dumb mindless way . It has whatever made the original XXX entertaining , but a little less of it . Does it make the slightest sense ? Of course not .
This could be the ultimate video-game movie , in that it sees the world entirely in terms of gigantic explosions that take place regularly every few minutes and which no one in the narrative seems to consider in any way out of the ordinary .
At least this movie seems more aware of its trashiness than National Treasure was . It 's therefore freer to have some off-the-cuff fun the way Steven Seagal 's more tolerable vehicles once did .
This xXx seems to know exactly how stupid it is , and this kind of self-knowledge helps nudge it toward the guilty pleasure bracket , even if it never quite makes that leap .
As a rating , XXX is used to warn people away from objectionable material . For this movie , it 's more like ZZZ .
James Bond 's producers are n't going to like Die Another Day director Lee Tamahori delivering a sleeker , more contemporary thriller than he made for them .
Plain , old , rancid trash , as careless as it is despicably wasteful . If Xander Cage had to die , the XXX series should have keeled over with him .
The producing team behind this sequel to XXX has apparently decided that the only place to go is over the top way over the top .
The film 's story remains as defiantly impervious to logic as its hero is to bullets .
Ice Cube keeps the action-movie franchise alive with a pleasing one-two punch of humor and burly physicality .
Most of the movie is standard action fare , but the political commentary is interesting when it 's allowed to surface .
The plot swings between pathetically implausible and aggressively stupid .
There is n't a fresh moment in the entire 100-minute running time . The tediousness is impossible to dispel .
... going for the hip hop-loving teen market -LRB- both city and suburbs -RRB- that is more than willing to drop big money on flashy hubcaps , flavor-of-the-month CDs and crappy movies .
Like an actual State of the Union address , there is nothing in State of the Union you have n't encountered already .
The only thing that really matters is whether the action scenes push the envelope -- and they do n't , especially compared with the extreme sports style of the first XXX .
This flashy atrocity , clearly a lost cause from the first five minutes , offers viewers no option but to assume crash position and brace themselves for the worst .
The stunts and explosions are effective , but the dialogue and characters are not .
If this sequel is any indication , the next XXX will be subtitled ` Bigger , Louder , Dumber . '
This new XXX has a story that may break all recent records for rampaging cliches and utter nonsense .
Like the original , it 's ultra loud and often looks like a PlayStation game . But when the fast and furious bludgeoning and blow-ups wane , the screen may as well be tuned to channel zero .
A dumbed-down , pumped-up takeoff on ` Seven Days in May ' ... basically brainless pulp -- and even at that , not very well-executed pulp .
A salt-lick for under-hung jackasses .
XXX is a subversive film , zipping through an action film in minutes to sideswipe audiences with messages about politics and cinema that may make it the surprise of 2005 .
Despite its title , XXX : State of the Union is neither pornographic nor political .
The movie appears to have employed a Super Nintendo as its screenwriter , and it boasts all the elegance and character development of a Transformers episode .
XXXcrement . If it were n't for Ice Cube 's charismatic bad attitude , State of the Union would be downright unwatchable .
Burdened by Ice Cube and Sunny Mabrey masquerading as actors , awful , loud rap music and idiotic stunts , this clearly qualifies for the stupid genre .
... a movie mixed into a video game mixed into a soundtrack mixed into an urban test market report ...
OK you do n't expect a sequel to 2002 's brainless XXX to be an action masterwork , but this is so preposterous that it feels like an overblown spoof of the original .







@highlight

Even more absurd and implausible than the first XXX movie , State of the Union is less inspired and technically competent than its predecessor .