Successfully helps to fill that Christian focused Christmas movie void with a fun adventure for children with a message that will resonate with parents .
Neither the humor nor the animation ever rises above humdrum .
Easily the most slapstick version of the Nativity story ever made and one that finally pays tribute to the critical part played by all the talking animals at the manger on that night .
... poorly executed and often incomprehensible characters ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film fails to overcome its religious origin and go beyond being a simple and uni-directional propaganda . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Yes , while it aims to combine celebrity voices , memorable music and Christian values , The Prince of Egypt this ai n't .
Poop jokes are among the least of the weirdly tone-deaf extravagances peppering The Star .
Could this be the moment animated anthropomorphism finally jumped the shark ?
The film believes its myths and propagates them through some of the cheesiest God pop you could ever dread to hear .
This thin storyline is padded out with subplots that showcase a bizarrely star-studded voice cast .
Cynics may roll their eyes at the clash of religious scripture and celebrity voicing -LRB- Kelly Clarkson , Oprah Winfrey and Mariah Carey feature -RRB- but even they ca n't deny the efficiency of its expressive animation and creature-feature fun .
It 's harmless enough , but nowhere near as inspiring as it aims to be .
Why has nobody thought of this before - the Nativity retold for kids via knockabout animal animation and gloopy pop ballads ? Oh yes , because it 's an absolutely dreadful idea .
It will be best enjoyed by toddlers who have yet to see a Shrek movie , or prise open a Holy Bible .
A sweet and often -LRB- tastefully -RRB- funny story of The Nativity told from the perspective of the animals involved .
It 's reasonably lively , and not impious -LRB- if you ask me -RRB- , but set against the best cartoons , it 's not the greatest story ever told .
Some future shelf life in seminaries seems likely , but as festive treats for kids go , it 's like asking for a selection box and being force fed communion wafers instead .
Delivers ... a preachy , bland and fastidiously inoffensive kind of ersatz fun - a little like those knock-off Christian video games from the early 1990s that mimicked existing hits , but which made you pray for people instead of shoot them .
The children I watched it with seemed engaged enough in the animated hijinks , although the overall design aesthetic seemed to me more reminiscent of an unskippable Clash of Clans ad than the characterful top-shelf animated film its cast suggests .
This is a bible-based , animated adventure for children , with the emphasis on cute comedy and familiar pious tropes ; it 's somewhat dry and bland , but simplicity and an over-qualified voice cast help see it through .
Unless you have tiny , religious children , it 's probably best to avoid it .
It is meant as a mild endorsement to point out that this animated nativity story is every bit as good as the jungle adventures of the animated parrots , Blu and Jewel .
While it is harmless enough and sure to pacify viewers under the age of six , The Star serves as the finale of this month 's forgettable holiday-themed movie trilogy -LRB- following A Bad Moms Christmas and Daddy 's Home 2 -RRB- .
Tepid
A little like The Nativity Story meets The Secret Life of Pets , which probably sounds like a winning formula to some people . If you think The Secret Life of Pets is as mediocre as I think it is ...
All told , The Star should be a safe bet for families during the upcoming holiday season .
The Star may not make your Best Christmas Movies list , but Reckart has turned an interesting idea into a sincere and curious film .
This outing is a bit toon-deaf in how it tries having it both ways by mixing the holy with high jinks .
Drifting through brainless slapstick , mixed metaphors , moral high ground and back again , it is the latest entry in a recent procession of communion bread and circuses .
The writing , voice-acting and animation are unremarkable , but they get the job done , and the film 's heart seems to be in the right place .
Never overcomes the impression that it exists only because it 's guaranteed to make a certain sum of money .
Because The Bible needs more butt jokes .
-LSB- P -RSB- arents will appreciate the film 's many strong points and spirit while getting immense pleasure from just watching their kids ' pleasure .
Propelled by innocuous Christmas carol covers , The Star passes by harmlessly toward its pretty tableau of Mary and Joseph holding their son in the manger .
Overall , The Star is content to deliver its news to the faithful . It 's not out to change minds , although it does suggest that even a stubborn donkey can find a new purpose at Christmas .
An enormously entertaining film filled with plenty of delightful thrills , humor , wit , and pathos . Kids will love it . It 's among the best animated films of 2017 .
The Nativity revisited as a kiddie cartoon adventure guaranteed to enthrall tykes of any race , color or creed .
The movie is sincerely Christian in its outlook , while also a slapstick animal ` toon . It 's a mix that works only intermittently . But when it does n't pop , it thuds .
Director Timothy Reckart 's The Star turns the greatest story ever told into just another kids ' movie .
While the movie never soars or burns especially bright , it delivers a modicum of magic without getting pious or gushy .
`` The Star '' delivers a fresh take on a story that its Christian target audience presumably knows by heart , emphasizing such qualities as faith , friendship and teamwork in the process .
One senses director Timothy Reckart and screenwriter Carlos Kotkin trying to split the difference between Sunday school and the Cartoon Network , but the results meet the standards of neither .
Enchanting & Unique for All Ages
Visual panache is enhanced by delightful voice talent from a widely diverse cast in a film with action , humor , and heart .
Funny characters . Gentle slapstick . A faith-friendly narrative that wo n't annoy non-believers . What 's not to enjoy ?
The Christmas Story told from a donkey 's perspective makes for a fun filled , heart-warming animated movie . Surprisingly good .
Sweet Nativity story told from animals ' perspective .

@highlight

The Star may not leave audiences singing `` Hallelujah , '' but its offbeat yet sincere approach to the nativity story makes for acceptably diverting holiday viewing .