So let the racist stereotyping and gay-panic high jinks begin !
Will Ferrell randomly yelling baked potato with a shiv stuck in his forehead is gold
It 's awash in jokes reeking of racism and homophobia , and while I 'm sure that the films creators would argue that they 're simply trying to air out these differences , they utterly lack the finesse to walk that line .
The weird thing , though , is that Get Hard is n't mean-spirited . It 's just bad comedy falling short of its mark in the worst possible way .
It 's offensive to minorities , it 's offensive to gay people , and it 's offensive to the lead actor 's resumes .
Hart and Ferrell make this movie raunchy , silly , hysterical and fun .
Obvious , lazy , tone-deaf , and mean-spirited - and that , friends , is hard to laugh at .
A deformed composite of every buddy comedy ever made , sliced and diced to the point of total anonymity . The characters are n't buddies and the premise is n't comedic .
Too often the filmmakers rely on lowest-common-denominator prison rape jokes and lazy plotting to allow for action-comedy set pieces .
Will Ferrell 's steep descent into total irrelevance continues with Get Hard ...
It is n't anything revelatory , but the cast is charming enough even when dealing with asinine subject matter . There are a few big laughs to be had and it 's not a wholly unenjoyable watch .
Sure , you 'll get a few laughs because you ca n't stop Hart and Ferrell from being funny , no matter how bad the script is . But Get Hard is an example of two very funny people coming together to make a movie that , in the end , is only mildly amusing , at best .
Laughter dips aside , this is knowingly cringe-making , politically incorrect fare , from the team that does it best .
This buddy comedy featuring the beautifully dissimilar duo of Will Ferrell and Kevin Hart feels like a more `` mature '' version of Superbad ... because the movie is a juvenile study in both male friendship and masculine fear .
While it 's still deeply ludicrous and embarrassing , you 've certainly seen worse .
This is a movie that really wants you to think about some ugly realities , but it does n't have the balls to make its bad guy genuinely bad .
Will Ferrell and Kevin Hart did n't stop being funny . Their new movie Get Hard is just so bad in so many ways that it may make you think this is true .
For a movie that wants to send a message about privilege and prejudice , it displays a clumsiness and exemplifies a lot of the ignorance and thoughtlessness it wants to rage against .
It 's all awful enough that you expect the movie to end with a title card that proclaims , `` Do n't worry , guys - we have gay friends and black friends . We 're cool . ''
The movie wallows in stereotypes of race , class and culture , and cranks the male homosexual panic to 11 ; even so , it is often dumb-funny , and its satirical observations about income inequality and systemic racism are especially timely .
Ferrell has made shaky projects work on pure star power before , but even he seems to have given up on this one . The audience is strongly advised to follow his example .
The movie is smarter than you would think , but it ultimately succumbs to the recent trend of going for overly raunchy cheap gags for laughs .
There are some good laughs here and there .
laughed hard a number of times , but not enough .
It 's only got one basic gag , hatefully lazy and stupidly repetitive . Ferrell 's man-child just keeps gagging on the stereotype of prison rape . When the end of Get Hard finally arrives , it 's 95 minutes too late .
Outrageously funny , though often bordering on bad taste .
Moviegoers are n't supposed to ask whether the jokes are in poor taste because the cast is so diverse , so everyone must approve , right ? Even if you buy that logic , it does n't excuse the poor execution .
Get Hard does n't busy itself with being particularly innovative or original and instead either bastardizes or quotes much , much better films .
You 're going to see certain things in most Will Ferrell movies , and ` Get Hard ' is no exception :
The laughs are down to Ferrell and Hart , who hold the thing together .
Instead of carefully and smartly constructing the material on offer , they take the decidedly more amateur approach here of throwing up every gag they can think of on the wall .
Let 's pretend prison rape jokes are funny -LRB- they 're not -RRB- and cheap homophobia jokes are funny -LRB- also not -RRB- . Even with all those concessions ? Get Hard still is n't that funny .
Will Ferrell 's one-note performances are becoming a bit tiring . The film plays lightly on the idea of racial stereotyping , but it just is n't funny enough to qualify as any sort of satire or penetrating social comment .
I laughed quite a bit at this movie ... but , at the same time , it felt like it left a lot on the table resulting in a film that is merely a shell of what it could have been .
... an increasingly unpleasant comedy , wasting two very funny stars in a barrage of prison rape gags , lazy stereotypes , toilet stall indignities and insincere acceptance of people already marginalized in movies .
100 mins of overplayed , undernourished comedy acts like a retarding serum .
While the actors are certainly a more pleasing combination , Get Hard leaves a similarly nasty aftertaste .
It 's hard to recall a movie with such a huge platform appearing to be so out of touch with society .
Ferrell and Hart strain to deliver the jokes
`` Get Hard '' is all the more repulsive because Farrell and Hart are overwhelmingly unfunny . The screenplay shoots for the lowest common denominator and succeeds . It 's Easter come early , with eggs laid everywhere .
On paper , Get Hard might have been a prison riot , but on screen , lazy writing turns it into a longer-than-necessary letdown .
Ferrell and Hart work tirelessly to stay on their feet as the comedic ground crumbles underneath them and their talent .
Will Ferrell and Kevin Hart work diligently to soften the movie 's mean spirit .
Offensive on many levels , even before you factor in the ironic -LRB- but not really -RRB- racial banter between Ferrell and Hart - or the sleazy objectification of some of its -LRB- minor -RRB- female characters .
A confused and contradictory mess .
This will be tagged racist by some and commended for puncturing racism by others . There are a number of choice bits , yet for every couple of gags that work , there 's one that falls flat . The odds when it comes to the homophobic material are even worse .
One may be patient with raunchy stupidity - but not with those who are proud of it .
I wanted to tell the film-makers where to shove it , but having seen the movie it 's clear that they 've already done so .
If you think jokes about prison rapes are funny , you might enjoy this movie . If not , steer clear .
Ferrell has stuck to the formulaic farce that made him a star , even as his roles have been shifting from antic instigator to bewildered straight man .
Get Hard is like a flaccid dick standing with the assistance of two splints ; Ferrell and Hart .
Dumb , juvenile comedy has its place when it 's funny . Unfortunately , too often in Get Hard , it 's not .
Get Hard has grand ambitions , packaging trenchant social commentary in a crass R-rated comedy . But it 's undermined by a blind eye toward homophobia .
The combined power of Kevin Hart and Will Ferrell is enough to make Get Hard 's raunchy and juvenile look at prison life a whole lot of depraved fun .
It 's really nothing more than a raunchy comedy . And that 's okay . It made me laugh .
From its juvenile double entendre title to its fascination with prison rape and homophobic humor , `` Get Hard '' practically announces itself as an offensive , tired and unimaginative comedy in nearly every scene .
` Get Hard 's ' affability barely outweighs its offensive stereotypes .
A crude farce based on racial stereotypes , homophobia , and prison rape . Get Hard is incredibly stupid and juvenile ... but I laughed , I laughed enough to recommend it .
The film feels like a 100-minute prison rape joke .
Feels like someone had a great pitch for a smart , satirical comedy about race that got greenlit so fast he had to try to write it on the car ride to the set .
Kevin Hart gives his all , but infectious energy does little to rescue the heavy-handedness of Get Hard .
If the silly , juvenile double-entendre title is n't enough to warn you , ... this is an enormously dispiriting movie . I 'd like to see Will Ferrell devote his God-given talent to uplifting erudite comedies instead of this unfunny jejune low class junk .
Comedy need n't be PC . But being offensive is n't funny , either .
The director Etan Cohen neither gets the best out of his two leads nor manages to give his story much of a satirical or political kick .
It 's a modestly entertaining burlesque that might have been more upsetting if it were n't at least somewhat offensive . It adeptly satirizes racism and , less successfully , homophobia .
Get Hard packs an impressive gag-rate into its fairly thin premise .
With such a promising premise at its center , Get Hard could have been scathingly , satirically funny , a kind of 48 HRS meets Trading Places for moderns , but , oh , man , it 's not .
It trucks in stereotypes -LRB- black , white , Latino , female -- the list is long -RRB- and plays clumsily with sexuality . Still , the movie 's greatest and altogether familiar sin is that it 's stupid .
Get Hard turns out to be a far cry from something like Trading Places or even the clever first half of the class-insurrection comedy of Tower Heist .
Maybe , in a less enlightened time , Get Hard would seem like a scathing satire . As it plays today , however , it 's more embarrassing than entertaining .
It feels like a bunch of off-color jokes the filmmakers have been trying to tell for years , and they 've crammed them all into one film - with tiresome results .
Get Hard is not only a lot smarter than you think , but also Will Ferrell 's funniest film since 2008 ′ s Step Brothers ... & Kevin Hart 's best performance on screen so far ...
It ca n't find much of a tone , and it 's neither sharply constructed , nor is it reckless or anarchic .
`` Get Hard '' does have a few laugh-out-loud moments , and a couple of priceless scenes . But , as with most comedies lately , it has more than its share of cringe-inducing shots ,
The thin material by a gaggle of writers does not sustain the laughs . Perhaps there 's too much emphasis on James hiding homemade shivs `` where the sun do n't shine '' .
Comedy riffs on wealth gap , race but relies on stereotypes .
It 's hard to find anything remotely funny or fun about Get Hard .
Audiences may be divided over whether this comedy crosses the line as it looks for laughs in racism and homophobia , but ...
Humor often is in bad taste and is n't politically correct , but `` Get Hard '' takes the wrong tack on the wrong issues at the wrong time .
If you put this movie on a set of scales , I think the laughs do outweigh the non-laughs . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
If you love rape jokes , `` Get Hard '' is your movie .
A blast of scattershot raunch , you say ? The star bares his pasty butt ? Is it a Will Ferrell movie ?
Get Hard gets the job done , but I feel sad for the loss of what could have been .
Will you laugh ? Absolutely . Could this have been a better film ? Definitely .
-LSB- An -RSB- occasionally hilarious and constantly filthy comedy featuring more penis references than a PhD in human biology .
Not entirely unfunny .
Your standard Ferrell/Hart vehicle that 's rarely witty enough to live up to its potential , but still delivers enough laughs for those seeking a silly comedy .
The highest praise I can give `` Get Hard '' is that it is not quite as awful as it could have been .
A lazy attempt to drag out a Funny or Die-style skit to feature length by continuously recycling about eight minutes worth of gags .
Expect over-the-top idiocy . Expect graphic sexual gags . Expect a lesson on the prison art of ` keistering . ' And , yes , expect lots of dicey racial humor .
Will Ferrell has built his film career on being an everyman or a naïf devoid of self-consciousness . In Etan Cohen 's Get Hard , Ferrell goes with the latter , but adds a patina of ultra-rich entitlement .
The movie seeks to make you laugh while also risking offense by going too far . It succeeds on both counts .
Silly , offensive but effective .
Weighed down by endless jokes about prison rape , relentless homophobia and a bevy of absurd stereotypes , this Will Ferrell and Kevin Hart film sinks into an abyss of failure .
The distasteful , often flat Get Hard succeeds only as a testament to the resilience of talent .
With Ferrell and Hart involved , it 's probably impossible for anyone to completely resist their baser instincts to be amused by the patently offensive . Though it 's hard not to wish more moviegoers would .
It 's still ultimately a disposable work , but at least while it 's going , it hits hard .
It 's tricky territory to tread , and Get Hard does n't always get it right , but in a nation where racial and economic divides are growing issues , it deserves credit for trying .
The high concept is delivered more or less efficiently : basically an incorrect and funnier version of Spike Lee 's 25th Hour , with a dash of Trading Places .
The oft-repeated gags about prison rape and the frequent racial stereotypes become such a drag that solitary confinement might be a welcome break .
A movie that refuses to recognize when it 's going too far , with its wince-eliciting jokes about jailhouse rape in particular .
A movie you 're waiting to finish rather than anticipating the finale .
If you do n't think the over-rehearsed prospect of prison rape - specifically , black-on-white prison rape - is quite enough of a comedy goldmine to sustain a whole feature , tell that to the screenwriters .
Will Ferrell is looking at ten years in the slammer in a comedy that delivers a hard slap in the face to political correctness .
If Get Hard is n't quite the biting satire that its premise would imply - though it 's more unabashedly eat-the-rich than some critics have given it credit for - it 's consistently ridiculous enough to be funny more often than not .
Pairing Ferrell 's looming , kooky calm with Hart 's pint-sized , pugnacious bluster proves a complimentary meshing , rising star Hart 's incredulous observer an audience stand-in for Ferrell 's boor-out-of-water style comedy .
The movie overcompensates for its lack of cleverness with an oversimplified story and an enormous amount of lowbrow humor .
Funny bits come along every now and then , and the co-stars work desperately hard for their salaries . But the spectacle is depressing for what it says of mainstream studio standards .
Here is an ounce of credit to Get Hard for avoiding any mention of the innuendo involving an inmate dropping the soap in the prison shower .
Since anyone who has seen the trailer has already seen many of the film 's best moments , making it through to the end does feel like something of a life sentence .
Get Hard is just smart enough and funny enough to make you realize that with a little actual effort it might have been much more funny . But why bother writing jokes or a plot when it 's easier to talk about how much anal rape goes on in prison ?
` Get Hard ' might be the perfect flick to show at your next frat party at the University of Oklahoma .
All the comedic and visual elan of an amateur YouTube fratboy prank , include nonstop rape jokes and rampant homophobia . Are you laughing yet ?
A movie which light-heartedly treads around ideas of corruption , race relations and corporate greed , Get Hard somehow manages to fall flat at almost every corner .
My complaint is n't that the film is `` racist '' - it 's that it does n't use that sort of material to do anything particularly original or funny .
Anal rape jokes and racial stereotypes dominate this third-rate comedy .
Leaves a gap that should be filled with gags .
Get Hard is stupid , raunchy and offensive -- but that 's what it 's going for .
The whole film is a nonstop parade of dick jokes , rape jokes , and Will Ferrell making the same goofy faces he first introduced on SNL ages ago .
Get Hard manages to be funny enough to both recommend and to laugh at out loud without feeling public embarrassment .
Get Hard is hard to sit through and hardly funny .
The germ of an interesting idea in Get Hard is completely overshadowed by the onslaught of jokes meant to be boundary-pushing and edgy .
Subtly , not in a way anyone would notice without looking for it , the movie switches back and forth , giving each comedian a chance to be the funny one and the other to lend support .
Ideally , this would be Blazing Saddles for folks who chug kombucha . Yet it 's harder to satirize race today than it was 40 years ago - more sensitive times impose gentler jokes .
The film 's numbing lack of intelligence , exhibited from the start , makes `` Get Hard '' tough to watch , even by Hart/Ferrell standards .
In a parallel world , there is a version of this movie that is just as offensive , but also funny and smart . It 's a pity we will never see it .
Tries hard to turn Ferrell/Hart into Wilder/Pryor but fails miserably .
by the final act , the entire fish-out-of-water concept is scrapped as Hart and Ferrell play bumbling cops and robbers and attempt to solve a crime . Have n't we been punished enough ?
Descends so far into racial stereotyping , offhanded homophobia , class division , sexual coarseness and scatological gags that whatever chemistry the stars might have brought to the table is pretty much dissipated .
Hart and Ferrell may not be Pryor and Wilder , but they score several laughs in this slim comedy .
Get Hard is a movie that wants to be perverse so bad ... but the delicate line necessary has scribble marks all over it . Get Hard is sad scribble .
It 's like a chocolate wrapped in poop and then dipped in more chocolate . There 's no way to enjoy it without tasting some crap .
it requires an awful lot of dense conceptual thinking to see Get Hard as a genuine satire of race , and not an exercise in old-fashioned stereotype-based comedy .
This is a horrible idea for a movie . It is , however , a decent idea for an extended sketch , and that 's how the first two-thirds of the movie plays .
The dubious merit of tiresome `` do n't drop the soap '' jokes aside , `` Get Hard '' sometimes veers perilously close to committing the very sins it aspires to criticize .
I laughed when Ferrell smashed a bottle of beer on the sidewalk , just to show he 's tough , but if that 's a movie 's standout bit , that movie 's no standout .
Will Ferrell and Kevin Hart join forces for a fitfully amusing but problematically conceived modern-day version of Trading Places .
I wish the on-point shots taken at the so-called investor class were n't just a prelude to a rather generic , weak-willed , and vulgar farce .
Get Hard is one limp noodle .
It 's hard to believe the man who co-wrote `` Tropic Thunder '' and `` Idiocracy '' could be responsible for a movie this dreadful .
Getting huge laughs somewhere from Beavis and Butt-Head or their real-life equivalents .
`` Get Hard '' is not challenging its audience ; it 's pandering to it and trying to get away with weak material .
Before the movie has even really begun , it 's already fudging its own premise and undermining its satire .
Get Hard tries for easy laughs over intelligent commentary , but it does n't succeed at either one .
`` Get Hard '' wants to be a brash , unapologetic look at race and class but only wrings a few laughs from those topics , mostly spending its time floundering around in a dumb plot .
Somewhere amid the unbearable stereotypes that choke this sophomoric comedy is a potent blue-collar revenge fantasy about an arrogant white-collar crook getting his just comeuppance .
Only the humorless will frown at Ferrell 's easy way with white-guy entitlement . `` I 'm going to be attending San Quentin , '' the Harvard grad sniffs , almost as a point of pride ; later , after tasting thug life , he calls it an `` ambrosia of primal sensations . ''
Get Hard is not only a bad movie but a profoundly wasted opportunity .
It 's still a dumb movie , but the kind of dumb movie that , by bravely -LRB- or stupidly -RRB- strutting its way into prickly social discussions accidentally makes cogent points about same . Sometimes .
For some reason this movie offended a lot of critic-types at SXSW but the only thing that would really be offensive here is if it was n't funny . And thanks to a nice teaming of Will Ferrell and Kevin Hart this is surprisingly funny stuff .
Racist , and more than a little homophobic . But also frequently funny , until it gets really silly trying to follow a plot .
`` Get Hard '' is n't edgy enough to be offensive or witty enough to be challenging . It 's just dumb .
In this occasionally brilliant , if somewhat uneven , showcase of speedy plotting and even speedier improvisation , Hart and Ferrell 's chemistry is such that it seems certain to pair them up in the future .
Ferrell and Hart work well together : both are highly verbal performers , supported by a script full of unlikely linguistic flourishes .
For a movie whose premise depends on the mockery of someone who offensively stereotypes -LRB- Ferrell 's character assumes that Hart 's has been to prison -RRB- , it deals heavily in stereotypes itself , wanting its cake and eating it too .
It already seems more dated than Trading Places - not to mention less savvy about all the subjects it pretends to be addressing while it tries to make us laugh .
Laughter trumps political fairness ; and Get Hard made me laugh at , and with , situations I had n't thought could tickle me . The movie has a warm heart beating under its seemingly scabrous shell .
If you 're disturbed by white-collar crime , but not quite as disturbed as you are by gay sex , then congratulations : You might possess just the right combo of social conscience and unexamined homophobia needed to fully enjoy Get Hard .
There 's a daring comedy somewhere inside writer Etan Cohen 's directorial debut , which simultaneously trivializes and solemnizes the prospect of prison rape .
`` Get Hard '' is worth a look for fans of Will Ferrell and Kevin Hart . And the two do work well together . But anyone with a low tolerance for politically incorrect stereotyping and lowbrow humor should sit this one out .
Get Hard is n't terrible . It 's funny often enough to stave off impatience . That 's something , I guess .
Kevin Hart shoehorned into a standard issue Will Ferrell character comedy
Offensive by design and low-brow by nature , the joke wears thin by the end , but the film 's saving grace is its raw energy ; a feeling that anything goes , as the narrative leapfrogs from one unlikely bad-taste scenario to the next
An inspired pairing of the relentlessly absurd Ferrell and the motor-mouthed Hart at the top of their games .
It 's stupid and immature , but I mean that as a compliment . Stupid and immature is funny .
The greatest comedic geniuses of our time or any other could n't improve on a script as basically , fundamentally wrong as GET HARD 's .
`` Get Hard '' is an absolutely horrible , amateurishly assembled comedy that is more offensive than just about anything we 've seen lately .
Finally , a comedy that homophobes , racists and generally stupid people can all enjoy together !
Unfortunately , Hart and Ferrell just could n't get hard enough for me .
Get Hard quickly descends from an off-putting comedy of opposites to the kind of movie that time and the changing styles of comedy in the modern age will turn into a relic sooner rather than later .
Hey , did you know that in prison , there is a lot of RAPE ?
The script , by TV comedy writers Jay Martel and Ian Roberts , does n't give the stars much to work with and their apparent improvisation is only fleetingly effective .
Written down , this sounds horrendous ; watching it , I have to admit that I laughed ...

@highlight

A waste of two fine funnymen , Get Hard settles for tired and offensive gags instead of tapping into its premise 's boundary-pushing potential .