Powerful story of trans woman 's grief ; language , sex , nudity
Even with this powerful message , the film never preaches .
Santiago Leilo does an extraordinary job with this rounded script , filled with uncomfortable situations that will leave you with goosebumps . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Daniela Vega is haunting in the title role .
The movie is great . And , if it helps people put themselves in the pumps of the Marinas out there , how could that be anything but fantastic ?
-LSB- Sebastián -RSB- Lelios was lucky that he had an actress as capable as -LSB- Daniela -RSB- Vega to depend on .
The film 's thinness as a story is largely compensated for by Daniela Vega imposing a personality on the character and material that are n't quite there without her .
-LSB- Daniela -RSB- Vega is a force of nature - steely eyed , stylishly dressed - and Lelio 's film is a compelling showcase for her enigmatic magnetism .
Lelio achieves a film with laudable intentions , visually captivating and fully conscious of his moral standing . -LCB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A Fantastic Woman resonates most strongly as a story about who is permitted to grieve .
Empathetic and ethically compelling , it 's tender and well-timed .
I get that the protagonist is mourning , but geez Louise , does the entire film have to die along with her ?
A film that honors gender identity while challenging our notion of what it means to be transgender .
The picture works as an extended scream against lazy assumptions and blinkered bigotry . But it is also light , funny , wry and inspiring .
All of us deal with this very existential crisis , but in Marina 's case , it is obviously compounded by social mores , which varying degrees of privilege allow most of us to ignore .
Leilo 's film is warm and contemplative rather than cold and clinical , with light doses of magical realism and a marvelous lead performance from Vega .
... fascinating fiction . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
So the role was not exactly written for -LSB- Daniela -RSB- Vega , but thank heavens for serendipity-her performance is outstanding .
It 's a movie of the moment , pleading for hope and change against formidable , unfortunate odds .
Mixed in with these dark strains , we have glints of comedy and bursts of magic realism ... In this empathetic portrait of suffering and resilience , Lelio has also crafted a very 21st-century version of the woman 's picture .
Hopefully there will be many more films to come featuring trans performers in leading roles , and `` Woman '' can be looked back on as a well-meaning but flawed effort that paved the way .
At every turn , `` A Fantastic Woman '' chooses a bolder path of realization over revelation and intimacy over inclusion - one on which Marina learns that her journey is , at least for right now , one in which any comforts found must be solitary .
Almost every interaction is tinged by -LRB- understandable -RRB- wariness , but since she confides in no one , including the audience , we never get past that fantastic skin .
`` A Fantastic Woman '' is above all the story of a woman who loves , loses her love and fights for the universal human right to experience her loss and mourn for it , so that she will be able to get on with her life .
Lelio and co-screenwriter Gonzalo Maza craft an elegant , passionate screenplay around Vega , who informs every turn of the film with her life experiences and emotions .
From the moment the camera catches sight of the singer Marina Vidal in a Santiago hotspot , where she brings panache to a salsa-infused torch song , it is fully captivated and so are we .
A Fantastic Woman is magnificent in every way .
A humorless sense of melodrama helps keep it from becoming unassailably fantastic as a whole , but there 's no denying that it is fantastically timely , and touching to boot .
` A Fantastic Woman ' is a movie for our time , covering issues about inclusion and identity that seem to be heightened in today 's polarized world .
Some of those advocacy aspects may play a bit broadly with contemporary American arthouse audiences more familiar with trans-rights issues , but this is a Chilean film first .
An intriguing look at the grieving process , identity politics and the fierce determination of a member of an underrepresented faction in society .
A Fantastic Woman rests on the shoulders of Daniela Vega 's performance as Marina . Vega smoulders , seethes , and occasionally implodes . It 's a piece of work of astonishing , internalised power .
An accomplished and deeply moving film , gloriously rendered with shifting harmonies , gusto , poise and heartfelt emotion .
It 's impossible to watch -LSB- this | and not consider it one of the best films of 2017 .
A conventional woman 's film that has its greatest audacity in the charisma of its trans protagonist , Daniela Vega . -LRB- Complete review in Spanish in Refroma.com -RRB-
Emotional , poetic , intensely moving , A Fantastic Woman is beautifully directed and photographed , has Hitchcockian undertones and finds memorable ways of visually evoking Marina 's isolation and bravery .
This is a fiercely internalised performance -- the anti-Almodovar -- with Vega 's expression hovering between quiet dignity , sublimated anger and a look of steely defiance that is , in turn , further provocation to the outside world .
A Fantastic Woman asks us to embrace all things fluid and , thanks to the superstar at its centre , it 's a pleasure to go with the flow .
The director 's empathy for the indignities of female solitude remains very much his strong suit .
A magnetic screen presence , Vega is called upon to unify the film 's shifting moods - no mean feat . It 's a challenge to which she rises with ease ...
This is one aptly named drama , and international superstar-in-the-making Daniela Vega easily becomes the reason why .
There are so many forces beneath the surface , and the beauty of the dramatic design is the way it uses Marina as the constant swimmer , letting us see what those forces are in the way she reacts to each one .
The performance of Daniela Vega is amazing ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Marina battles on , a force of nature , despite the elements gathered in opposition , and this big-hearted , sweepingly realised melodrama plays like an intoxicating tribute to that fighting spirit .
A Fantastic Woman achieves all of the above through a melancholy mastery thanks to the performance of the transsexual actress and singer Daniela Vega ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A quiet yet resolute portrait of bravery and resilience in the face of unconscionable bigotry , and distressingly moving . Specific yet universal , and wonderfully human .
A moving story about the spiritual journey of a grieving transgender woman .
A compassionate , compelling tale for anyone who loves a good Pedro Almodóvar melodrama .
Fantastic is one word for it , another would be outstanding .
An exquisite melodrama about the extremes of love and grief and familial conflict that also , when you 're least expecting it , packs a hefty political wallop .
Although the 21st-century issue of transphobia is the context of the story , it 's one that anyone who has felt unwelcomed for any reason can watch with understanding and sympathy .
This fantastic Chilean woman very much lives up to the film 's title .
When the screen went dark prior to running the final credits , I assumed for an instant that some small initial section had come to a close . In fact , an hour and three quarters had gone by .
Without preaching from the pulpit , A Fantastic Woman powerfully communicates the hostility and hatred that persons such as Marina encounter simply due to their otherness .
As Marina , Daniela Vega 's nearly unshakable composure renders the story one of specific emotional injustice .
`` A Fantastic Woman '' is the role of a lifetime for Vega , but let 's hope it 's just the start of a career , not the end .
May not deserve the adjective of the title , but Vega certainly does ; her performance makes an imperfect film worth seeing .
Regardless of the story 's sexual politics , Marina is the type of movie heroine that any audience will root for -LRB- one reason why it has secured an Oscar nomination -RRB- .
Minimalist in its focus on Marina , this engrossing , character-driven film reveals a tender and strong love that sustains Marina , literally anchoring every scene , often in the center of the frame .
About someone searching for himself - and , in this case , herself - in a landscape dense with the visual language of that quest .
Marina , however , lives up the title . She truly is a `` fantastic woman '' - facing her abusers with toughness , sass and even compassion as she quietly fights - alone - for simple dignity
Vega 's performance is transfixing .
There is lots of frenetic movement , in cars or buses , and a hedonistic nightclub scene which turns into a captivatingly stylish dance routine .
Daniela Vega is a delight .
The plot is straightforward , but the film 's tone and style supply an artful mix of sensations . The lighting is colorful and heady ... The film 's rhythms gracefully accompany her endeavor , rising and falling with every setback or tiny , incremental victory .
Defiant , determined , Vega delivers a star-making performance in a drama of embattled grief , directed with heart .
Given it could be re-titled ` Microaggressions : The Movie ' , this is an unsurprisingly upsetting watch at times , but it 's made compelling by Vega 's dignified , heartfelt performance .
Compelling on a human level but dramatically monotonous . There are n't exactly a lot of surprises here .
Vega establishes a milestone in the push for equality playing a transgender woman determined to properly grieve for her recently deceased lover .
Vega 's remarkable turn is something of a revelation , as if we are in on some kind of unique discovery .
-LSB- Daniela -RSB- Vega is stunning . She delivers a performance of such breadth , scope and unwavering strength the cumulative power of what she accomplishes is unquestionably exceptional .
A Fantastic Woman is toplined by a beautifully-controlled performance by Daniela Vega .
A stunning turn by Daniela Vega in trans-themed , Oscar nominated Chilean film .
Every contradiction furthers the movie 's argument that what we have here is a densely complicated human being .
A Fantastic Woman displays the same unblinking intensity that distinguished Jackie -LRB- 2017 -RRB- , Chilean director Pablo Larrain 's study of Jackie Kennedy in the week following JFK 's assassination .
What sets Marina apart is not her gender but her courage . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Though A Fantastic Woman can be a clunky film at times , the depth of feeling found in the honest , authentic and brave work of trans actress Vega forges a connection with viewers that remains unbroken throughout .
`` A Fantastic Woman '' is a superb Chilean drama , at times infuriating but never despairing .
While the film might not be for everyone , it offers a sensitive and visually appealing look at the trials that a transgender person often has to face in the world .
In our increasingly polarized time , `` A Fantastic Woman '' bridges the gap between ignorance and understanding through the transcendent power of art .
-LSB- A -RSB- gently heart-wrenching , quietly furious movie ...
`` A Fantastic Woman '' becomes a delicate , moving study of grief , of quiet triumph over adversity , of adjusting to life 's empty spaces - and learning to fill them with love .
A powerful , heartbreaking , empowering experience .
Lelio occasionally steps out of his narrative to visualize Marina 's state of mind ... with its haunted lovers and dynamic use of color , frequently recalls Hitchcock 's `` Vertigo . ''
The good thing about Lelio and Maza is that , where they could have fallen into the obvious and discursive complaint , they prefer to concentrate on the human -LRB- and intimate -RRB- aspects of Marina . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
This movie has serious tartness and sharpness .
... this eclectic cinematographic universe -LSB- is -RSB- spiced with touches of the masters actualizing not only its own artistic identity , but also its original influences . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Daniela Vega 's star-making performance invests the film with emotional honesty and gives us a heroine worth rooting for .
A story of grief , alienation and identity from a perspective rarely seen in any medium , this Chilean drama is easily one of the most important , and intimate , films of recent years .
A sublime essay in the power of identity and how fiercely we cling to it .
A singer and model by trade , Vega gives a performance that encompasses both Marina 's ferocity and vulnerability . She ably advances the movie 's best instincts .
Lelio is a fine director and he handles this tragic story with tenderness and insight , and also with a firm control over the film 's superb visuals . But the lasting impression is that of Vega 's performance as Marina .
A Fantastic Woman ultimately succeeds on the strength of -LSB- Daniela -RSB- Vega 's sympathetic performance .
This is a film that lingers . It aches with sensitivity , bristles with pain and reassures by the strength and determination of the human spirit . Superb cinema .
As a paean to the power of self-will and the tolerance of difference , A Fantastic Woman is fantastic , indeed .
It shows how thinking of a person in terms of his or her physical condition can have a harmful effect on that person , limiting his or her sense of self .
A Fantastic Woman is highly recommended .
The film 's great triumph is Daniela Vega , a transgender actress and singer , who makes an indelible impression in the leading role .
Vega 's performance is extraordinary and clearly the heart and muscle of the movie .
A Fantastic Woman lets us see grief through a fresh pair of eyes .
A Fantastic Woman trumpets its intentions in its very title . It should not have been necessary to exalt Marina in order to give her passion and turmoil their due .
The movie may be fiction , but it 's still telling a true story .
... this compelling Chilean drama condemns hate and ignorance though a gracefully presented story about a grieving trans woman rejected by her deceased lover 's family .
But it 's Marina 's resilience - the essence of her being that inspired the name of the film - in loving Orlando in both life and death is the most endearing and touching thing you 'll see .
... a subdued character study that is , for the most part , held aloft by Vega 's transfixing , thoroughly accomplished turn as the sympathetic central character ...
Societal stature and class rank make no difference in regards to how poorly Marina is treated by people , and one can safely assume that the issue is n't exclusively Chilean . Hopefully , A Fantastic Woman can also become an agent of education for America
A quietly honest centre never wavers .
-LSB- Vega 's performance -RSB- anchors A Fantastic Woman in a way that cuts through politics and prejudice .
At its core , A Fantastic Woman is the story of genuine love , something requires no definition .
Vega brings a real power and torch-song majesty to her character 's story , showing how creativity is born in those fearful moments when life refuses to provide us with a script .
Penetrating and poignant , A Fantastic Woman speaks with Marina 's powerful , daring voice , sounding a clarion call demanding she be treated with dignity and respect , and on behalf of all the LGBTQ fighters who refuse to be erased .
Vega gives a stunning , at times emotionally raw performance in A Fantastic Woman , and Lelio tells the story with an uncommon amount of compassion .
This film is a straightforward drama-with flourishes of surreal imagery-that 's anchored by a star-making performance . You can not take your eyes off Daniela Vega , and you may get the sense she does not want you to .
This heroine has guts , a spine , a stoic presence that commands respect and empathy . As played charismatically , unsentimentally and exquisitely by Vega , it 's impossible to write her off .
This movie is a double of its own , with art and life reflecting one another so that we see not just Marina but also Vega for the fantastic women they are .
Its clarity of purpose translates to an effectively lean and straightforward story of adversity and survival , in any language .
Leaving so many plot strands dangling at the end of this promising but unfinished-feeling movie strands the audience just as much as it does the performers .
`` A Fantastic Woman '' serves as a gentle reminder that we all contain multitudes .
See me for myself ; see me as I see myself . See me as I shall become . -LRB- The bold , bright flights of fancy are splendid and necessary . -RRB-
Someone who can navigate all that , and remain resilient , assertive , even charismatic ? Yes - she 's a fantastic woman .
Naturally in synch with the character she embodies with a moving mix of candour and courage , -LSB- Daniela -RSB- Vega 's performance turns A Fantastic Woman into a painfully vivid tragedy , whose questions feel universal in scope .
Lelio crafts a world that 's realistically , distressingly unfair , violent and dark . But with Vega in the lead , her arresting screen charisma lends itself to some truly lovely and wonderful bits of fire and magic .
A Fantastic Woman demands empathy for a very private woman whose most intimate experiences -- physical and emotional -- are very publicly exposed .
To say that Vega is marvelous in her portrayal of Marina is nothing short of an understatement .
A tremendous portrait of grief and prejudice .
... one of those movies that derives power from its simplicity , conveying the discrimination against its transgender heroine in a way culls from a long history of such portrayals and yet somehow manages to feel fresh and relevant
The magnetic Vega and the film as a whole deserve credit for conveying a message of acceptance that feels relevant without turning heavy-handed .
Lelio approaches this material with sensitivity and empathy . There 's restraint in his style , eloquent as it is .
`` A Fantastic Woman '' is a remarkable film -- with a fantastic performance from Vega .
What lifts argument into art is Ms. Vega 's performance ...
Even when Lelio 's treatment of Marina 's situation can be clumsy , Vega 's powerful performance adds authenticity and empathy .
It 's the ultimate proof of why we need to see more transgender actresses telling transgender stories , as Vega adds a beauty , poetry , and brutal realism that immediately forges a bond between the character , her story , and the audience .
Sebstian Lelio 's mesmerizing , humanistic , spot-on A Fantastic Woman , which heralds the arrival of trans actress Daniela Vega to the big stage .
It 's a reminder that as much as a film can open doors , there are places we 're allowed into only by the grace of our hosts , and that permission can be withdrawn at any moment .
Vega is terrific in the film 's larger than life moments , but she is actually best when she underplays her role . She lends depth and shading to her character .
Ultimately ... it does n't shy away from depicting Marina 's vulnerabilities , this is a film more about perseverance than victimhood .
It 's hard to imagine that a more beautiful screen romance will come along in 2018 than that between A Fantastic Woman 's Marina -LRB- Daniela Vega -RRB- and Orlando -LRB- Francisco Reyes -RRB- .
It 's -LSB- Daniela -RSB- Vega 's extraordinary performance , full of grace and depth , that keeps `` A Fantastic Woman '' in check from becoming something either too campy or too sanctimonious .
This indelibly moving film - Chile 's entry in the Oscar race for Best Foreign film - features a performance of surpassing beauty and tenderness from Daniela Vega , an openly transgender actress seizing her moment with stirring authenticity .
-LSB- Daniela -RSB- Vega 's performance could have been a little more dimensional , but her determined self-possession is as inspiring as anyone could want .
Marina 's dehumanization is gradually followed by her reclamation of her dignity . It 's a toe-tingling triumph .
Daniela Vega is striking in this transgender drama that has become an Oscar favorite for Foreign Language Film . It hits on many levels and remains compelling throughout for its themes and emotional resonance .
A cry for compassion that marries the fierce conviction of Boys Do n't Cry with the defiant self-expression of a Pedro Almodóvar drama .
The kind of film that could change minds and open hearts .
`` A Fantastic Woman '' can at times seem too invested in defining Marina not by what she does but by what is done to her .
Superficial when it means to be elliptical and regressive in its attempts to promote pride and tolerance , Sebastián Lelio 's film is beautiful but vacant , the type of melodrama that reminds us that they should n't always make them like they used to .
It 's heartbreaking , illuminating , and yes , fantastic , just to watch her live .
Lelio 's own stance , in short , could not be clearer ; dramatically , though , it has a flattening effect , and we soon realize how few surprises lie in store .
This film 's heart is clearly in the right place , but to plant a marginalized character in the foreground of a narrative is not quite the same as making that character live and breathe .
The characters ... are human , fragile , afraid to see the foundations of their lives shaken . Death forces them to face what they have avoided for a long time ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Transgender rights get a punchy treatment in this effective drama .
If not for Vega 's vitality , and Lelio 's unerring pace , the story might be unbearable . Instead , despite all the heartache , it plays as a study in the resilience that flows from a woman 's fundamental decency .
Sebastian Lelio 's A Fantastic Woman is mesmerizing thanks to Daniela Vega 's powerful , award-worthy lead performance .
It 's a good thing that Vegaare 's magnificent performance is able to carry us through the finish line , but the commitment we once had for her truly heroic story is stretched a bit too thinly .
The most plausible element , the foundation on which the movie rests and finally soars , is Vega 's magnetic and meticulously controlled performance .
The title of Sebastián Lelio 's new film might seem a bit on the nose . It 's a fantastic movie . Daniela Vega , the star , is fantastic in it . Quote me in the ads , with exclamation points if you must . My work here is done .
One of the best performances of the year toplines Sebastián Lelio 's stirring drama of grief and identity .
Like Lelio 's breakthrough film , Gloria , A Fantastic Woman is at its most compelling as a conventional character study of an unconventional female lead .
When she finally achieves the small recompense she seeks , it 's a visceral relief . I just wish Vega and Lelio let us in a little more to see her as an individual , aside from the hostility she encounters .
In A Fantastic Woman , the substance outweighs the style , as this is an empathetic , wonderful and highly significant cinematic achievement .
A great character study about a woman who has to fight for rights that , for other people , could n't be more basic . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... points to a problem of intolerance that should not be understood as exclusive to the Chilean capital , but as a global evil of today 's society . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A Fantastic Woman emphasizes the feminine qualities of the protagonist , but that is not the same as her or the film being militant . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Daniela Vega strongly defends her charismatic character in a story that happens naturally ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A Fantastic Woman ... is free and happily overwhelming . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sebastian Lelio 's story of a Spanish trans woman running a gauntlet of hostility and abuse from her dead lover 's family cuts to the core of our expectations about equality or mere civilised behaviour .
... this character fantastically interpreted by Daniela Vega invites to us to cross two equally fascinating worlds . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Daniela Vega -RSB- carries the weight of the narrative on her shoulders , delivering a captivating and raw performance .
A Fantastic Woman feels cripplingly safe , opting for a declaration of obvious moral standards , underlined in bold , over penetrative study .
-LSB- Sebastián -RSB- Leilo displays a knack for getting under the skin of female characters who , for no fault of their own , find themselves somewhat marginalised by society
It 's a shame as it 's all put together with a passion and verve redolent of Pedro Almodovar at his best , but it lacks his ability to sustain tension or lace moments of high seriousness with wild humour .
Chilean director Sebastián Lelio and star Daniela Vega give the growing bracket of transgender drama a new , luminous touchstone work .
The best ; Daniela Vega , -LSB- with -RSB- her mystery , her warmth . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The focus is on the individual experience , showing how grieving is a personal process .
-LSB- Sebastian -RSB- Lelio 's film is n't perfect , but through -LSB- Daniela -RSB- Vega 's presence , it does its best to give full cinematic agency to a woman traditionally marginalized .
-LSB- Daniela -RSB- Vega 's gaze transfixes the camera with smouldering resolve , you ca n't take your eyes off her . She has the timeless and unplaceable beauty of a vintage movie star .
The result is a rare movie about a trans person that - for better or worse - feels of its time , and not at least a half-step behind .
Underneath the sparse plotting , there is so much playfulness and subversion going on in A Fantastic Woman that new strands could reveal themselves upon each new viewing .
This aptly titled drama features a uniquely inspiring protagonist , showcased through the perceptive eye of a brilliant filmmaker .
The filmmaking is expert . Watch how Lelio uses mirrors and windows , especially in the moments just after the aforementioned family attack .
This beautiful movie and its fabulous actress expose the kind of subtle and poisonous intolerance that can sound almost innocent at first . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
In the end , A Fantastic Woman proves a subtle and poignant statement on what we accept as ` normal ' .
Though emotionally charged & dramatic in its execution , Lelio takes creative risks , making for a film that while steeped in realism , has surrealist twists along the way & several visually striking sequences that provide a slight , if enchanting touch .
Empathetic and engaging from start to finish , complete with an exceptional lead performance and one perfect song cue .
A bolder , brasher film , fiery in comparison with Gloria 's relatively tenderness , but anchored once more by a stellar central performance .
With a remarkable performance by Daniela Vega , the film is a drama with suspense elements about the different forms that gender violence can take . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It may be a timely film , but it is its timelessness , as well as its depths of compassion , that qualify it as a great one .
Ravishing .
After the exceptional `` Gloria , '' Sebastián Lelio gives us another stunning , deeply involving portrait of a woman with the borderline superhuman capacity not to hate herself for who she is , no matter who else does .

@highlight

Subtle and tender , A Fantastic Woman handles its timely , sensitive subject matter with care .