... when it comes to action scenes , explosions , destruction and flying pirouettes , Iron Man does not disappoint . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I liked Iron Man 2 . I laughed , I was engaged , I was entertained . I would see it again .
I do n't think the story was nearly as strong as that of The Dark Knight , but it sure was entertaining and surprisingly funny ... and sets up The Avengers quite nicely .
It too frequently seems that Iron Man 's battles could simply be replaced with a scene featuring Stark and his opponent measuring their respective suit 's RAM , with a glance towards their supporting company 's share prices .
It 's much more fun to create a franchise than to doggedly sustain it .
Throws down the armored gauntlet to all the other summer blockbusters - bring your `` A '' game or be content being the season 's second best movie .
Robert Downey Jr. , plays Stark with a twinkle in his eye and a sense of fun , but ca n't quite stamp the same authority onto the film as he did in the first version .
It 's half the fun of the first movie and twice as convoluted .
As for the actual grand finale , Downey Jr. and Cheadle seem like they 're already network gaming the PS3 release instead of facing any actual threat , and Rourke goes out like a chump .
The whiz-bang stuff here -- while never less than slick -- does n't produce anything we have n't seen before .
Despite being more traditional in structure and theme than the original , Iron Man 2 offers just about everything anyone could ask for in a superhero spectacular , and then some .
The most cynical and calculating part of it all is that the movie never really finds a justification for its existence ; except , that is , as a bald-faced setup for The Avengers .
Many people will probably not find this one up to par with the fun of the original , but personally , I ended up having more fun with this movie , so while I gave the original a mild recommendation , I can give this one a slightly stronger one .
I was predisposed to like Iron Man even if it starred David Hasselhoff wrapped in tinfoil ... Is it worth your time ? Definitely . Is it the calibre of Spider-Man 2 and The Dark Knight ? Afraid not .
By rights , a superhero sequel should be darker , more intense and more dangerous , but Favreau is happy just to stay cool . That 's all Iron Man 's job has ever been , and frankly , that 's fine by me .
The bar has been set for the 2010 summer blockbusters .
... The visual effects , though solid , may brighten the screen but are a poor substitute for characterisation and style - those two absent friends who we miss the most during the show .
In the land of sequels it 's no Temple of Doom or Empire Strikes Back , but it 's also not Rise of the Silver Surfer . Me and my box of Junior Mints , we still had a good time .
Iron Man 2 is n't an ideal sequel but it is good , fixing most of the problems of the first movie without giving up what made it work to begin with .
Some critics may claim that the Iron Man films are simply dragging on a genre that 's redundant -LRB- ... -RRB- but my view is that it is rescuing a big part of the Marvel universe .
Robert Downey Jr squeezes back into ... Tony Stark 's incredible suit ... and his charismatic presence gives the movie a bigger boost than his character 's jet-propelled boots .
Iron Man bests the biggest adversaries of the superhero genre in his second outing : production troubles , sequel-bloat and overwhelming , unrestrained fanboy hype .
Fans will be satisfied , even if it does n't match the nuanced and well-rounded brilliance of the first film . But many will be disappointed with this seemingly rushed follow-up .
... the movie offers an abundance of thrills , laughs , and interpersonal communications . Yeah , action and talk ; a little something for everyone .
In the quest to do things bigger , louder , and faster than its predecessor , excess can get a little ... excessive . But this is still miles ahead of the average summer festival of fireballs , owing in large part to the great ensemble and snappy dialogue .
The repercussions of superhero life and the weight of family legacy take centre stage in this busy yet charismatic superhero melodrama .
The best scenes are still the ones with Downey and Gwyneth Paltrow -LRB- as Stark 's charm-resistant assistant , Pepper Potts -RRB- , or just Downey alone .
It 's enjoyable to see a quality superhero dynamically and enthusiastically rendered .
Still worth watching . Just set your bar a little lower .
There 's an outdated feel to it all , from its cold-war view of America to the AC/DC soundtrack .
Snappy and fast-paced .
Crasser , noisier , more metallic
Suffers from a bit of sequel-itis . . but do n't look for what it is n't ; enjoy the solid filmmaking and actors who take their comic book-created roles very seriously .
All of the charm and romance of the original has been ironed out by excess .
Tony Stark is Dick Cheney 's foreign policy driven by Grover Norquist 's fiscal policy , sold to the public by Ari Gold . Very confusing .
You wo n't find a more overqualified cast this year . Then out come the CGI effects and everything becomes a yawn .
Iron Man 2 suffers from typical sequelitis . It bites off more than it can chew and feels drowsy as a result .
A mild improvement over its lackluster predecessor ...
Sometimes simple is better . The original thrived on few integral characters and a world-wise approach to storytelling . This feature seems to think action is more important than story and an overabundance of characters is a necessity .
Don Cheadle , Samuel L. Jackson , Scarlett Johansson , Sam Rockwell and again Gwyneth Paltrow are gladly on hand , but only Robert Downey Jr. can so comfortably guide us through the conspicuous outlay .
Take all twelve plots , set your iPod on shuffle , and watch as the franchise deteriorates into a shallow pool of half-baked ideas and detached snark .
Downey 's Stark was a human hero . But the dude in `` Iron Man 2 '' has gone superhero and the synthetic construction does n't offer the same fullness of character it once did . Still ...
Downey Jr. makes it all worthwhile .
Recognizes and repeats a lot of the things that made the original great , but also falls victim to many of the pitfalls of past superhero sequels .
The over-hyped Jon Favreau movie , `` Iron Man 2 , '' is a downer and a disappointment , especially when compared to the entertaining first movie that came before it .
I can not imagine that anyone intimately involved with the making of Iron Man 2 would ever , on their own dime and their own time , ever go to see a movie like Iron Man 2 .
Not a bad followup to the original Iron Man . Good performances and plenty of first-rate action . Iron Man 2 is great fun . Paul Chambers , CNN .
Rourke puts a human face , albeit a bashed one , on comic book villainy .
successfully fits the summer blockbuster mold , but holds out just enough surprises to make it a worthwhile diversion
Fails to resolve the fascist implications of Stark 's claim to have ` privatized world peace ' ; here , Stark 's human and machine sides correlate to Klaatu and Gort in ` The Day the Earth Stood Still , ' who demanded the world accept a robot police force ...
Fans of the comic book might well be satisfied . Anyone else will find moments here - it certainly looks cool - but might , like me , leave the cinema feeling a little undernourished .
Aesthetically , ` Iron Man 2 ' is a polished flick . Plot wise , it 's almost as bad as ` Catwoman . '
Rusty first act ca n't slow Iron Man 2 .
An improvement in almost every way -LRB- over the first film -RRB- , most notably in a better , more serious screenplay .
Favreau throws in everything but the kitchen sink in his desperate effort to meet stratospheric expectations , and the result is too much of a so-so thing .
Iron Man 2 is exactly what critics and audiences deserve following the celebration of that awful , dung-hued first film .
Iron Man 2 careens between self-awareness and self-promotion , which is not to say these are opposite conditions .
That rarest of the rara avis , a sequel that 's better than the original .
Like the original this is a movie I do n't particularly mind but do n't exactly love , either .
There 's enough Downey and copious amounts of attendant razzle dazzle in this overstuffed sequel to make for a cautious recommendation .
Bent on escapism and content to stay on the surface of the issues it presents , it at least does its best to give that surface a pleasing , gleaming polish .
Typical popcorn film , except for the huge budget .
Such a visual grabber , with so much unexpected food for thought , that it 's hard to see how it could be topped .
What 's missing is any real sense of danger ... Is Iron Man 2 as solid as its predecessor ? No , but it 's still nice to spend some time with some old friends .
a cracking good tale of good , evil , large egos , small mercies , and the fate of the world . Of course .
Iron Man becomes the Tin Man because this sequel has lost its heart . Luckily the special effects and Downey 's charm save the day .
In a refreshing and unexpected turn , the sequel to Iron Man does n't find a changed man . Inside the metal , imperfect humanity grows even more so , as thought-provoking questions of identity meet techno-fantasy made flesh .
Iron Man 2 could be Chaplin Meets The Wrestler Meets Shakespeare in Love Meets Stan Lee . Instead it 's more The Stooges Meet Sara Lee .
Probably the most refreshing trait in Jon Favreau 's Iron Man movies is that the most entertaining moments come when there 's no action to speak of .
Film predstavlja predobru kombinaciju akcije , drame i humora da bi ga se otpisalo kao rutinersko holivudsko eksploatiranje devete umjetnosti
Pales beside the original .
... there 's no doubt that Robert Downey Jr. continues to own and entertain in the part he 's spent a lifetime preparing for .
Because we already know how Iron Man came to be , ` Iron Man 2 ' is n't quite as interesting as the first film . But it does pack a super-hero wallop of action and fun .
Entertaining enough but falls short of delivering much of anything new .
Lots of sizzle , no real stakes . The movie is at its best when it 's just Tony Stark hanging out .
It 'd be difficult for any additional Iron Man incarnation to surpass the original , but Iron Man 2 is a worthy follow-up .
Whether playing Charlie Chaplin or a billionaire with superhero armor ; Downy will pull us in every time .
Relying heavily on CGI and action set-pieces , the sequel lacks an engaging plot and good actors -LRB- Jackson , Cheadle , Paltrow -RRB- are underused , but it offers fast-paced , glossy , polished entertainment like a quick joy ride in Disneyland .
While the plot is not as tight as it could be , Iron Man 2 still delivers in every other way .
Contains enough great action sequences , impressive special effects and splendid performances to hold your interest most of the time . Excellent way to start summer movie season .
There are interesting ideas and cool moments , but momentum is rarely allowed to build and characters regularly seem to be forgotten about .
It has more characters , more stuff blown to bits , more of everything . It 's a condition common to sequels , and it can be both a good and bad thing , but this is still great fun .
We 've had to wait this long for Rourke and Downey to share the screen , and when they finally do , they 're turned into action figures .
Its a collection of scenes where stuff happens but not a real movie . The first Iron Man proved it could be smart AND entertaining . This is just mildly ok in parts .
Where Iron Man was champagne , Iron Man 2 is Asti .
You 're not getting the Marvel equivalent of Dark Knight . You 're getting Robert Downey Jr. having a blast and wanting you to have a blast too .
Once you get past accepting comedian Garry Shandling as U.S. Senator Stern -LRB- hey , he 's a comic in a comic book movie -RRB- , ` Iron Man 2 ' kicks in , turbos upward and fuses on into one spectacular action tale .
Iron Man 2 's dubious politlca stance ... muddles what could have made a good sequel even better .
Iron Man 2 does n't quite degenerate into a Transformers 3 ... -LSB- it 's -RSB- recommended , but with major reservations .
Those who wait through all of the credits will get a glimpse of what is in store for the next superhero saga . I hope between now and then they remember that less is more .
I enjoyed Iron Man 2 for the popcorn spectacle is was , and I had at least as much fun as it appeared Robert Downey Jr. and Jon Favreau had making it .
It 's hard to imagine what the Iron Man franchise would be like without the great Downey Jr. . That 's something I never want to think about , and luckily , we do n't have to .
If you 're just going to see men in robot suits blow each other up while classic rock blares on the soundtrack , Iron Man 2 will do just fine ...
`` Iron Man 2 '' rocks ! , with no signs of rust in the series ' armor .
If Iron Man 2 had any more subplots they 'd call it Iron Man 2-5
Shellhead 's back ! And nearly finishes himself off in blockbuster sequel
Despite some imperfections , this film accelerates well into a spectacular final act , once again proving Iron Man invincible .
... an acceptable action flick that creates a stiff wind but never achieves `` blow-you-away '' status .
Again , its leading man remains the most compelling component of this franchise .
... there 's plenty of eye-popping action , snappy one-liners , and Robert Downey Jr. working at the top of his game ...
Even the director ... seems to view the heavy clanking of mechanized men as a bit of a chore : the kind of well-prepared yet unremarkable meat course that must inevitably follow the delightful amuse bouche of Robert Downey Jr. 's portrayal of Stark .
Superhero Stark remains intriguing .
Iron Man 2 does what it can within the confines of what it has to do . The Hollywood machine has trained us to have certain expectations for blockbuster sequels and this film neither deviates nor blazes new territory .
Downey whips out the big guns , sexy banter in fun sequel .
A problematic yet still quite entertaining sequel
The best part of Iron Man 2 is Gwyneth Paltrow , and not just because of her energy and wit , or even her chemistry with the leading man . She 's also the film 's beating heart .
Entertaining ... but long stretches of the movie are more fizzle than sizzle .
Iron Man 2 is as good as the 2008 original and may be even better .
a Republican fantasy of big guns , cool gadgets , fast cars , non-threatening women to objectify and the corpses of Cold War bogeys propped up like ideological scarecrows .
It concentrates on being lighter , more fleet-footed and more consistent than its predecessor .
The inevitable Iron Man 3 needs a better screenplay than this .
Iron Man 2 rocks . It does so literally and loudly , thanks to lots of licks interspersed through the soundtrack from metal mavens AC/DC . No slow spots . No sequel let down .
This may not be quite as good as the original , it does n't actually need to be over two hours long , you could avoid the sag in the middle with judicious editing of the screenplay by Justin Theroux . But there 's still a lot of joy to be had here .
It 's not that story conflicts are n't desired but here , with so many problems -- some more implausible than others -- this Iron Man becomes a victim of its own heavy metal . Yet Downey still soars .
We soon realize that fight scenes involving faceless actors in big titanium battle suits sound like nothing so much as a multi-kettle kitchen accident .
Both the movie franchise and Tony Stark the alter ego are more self indulgent than putting your picture on a restaurant wall after downing a 5-lb . bacon cheese burger , then getting that burger named after you . And naming it Awesome .
This one may provide some temporary thrills but they are empty ones that will largely be forgotten within a couple of days .
This is the very definition of slam-bang entertainment , beating one over the head with as much potential amusement as possible until they surrender with a stunned if satisfied popcorn smile .
It 's a solid blockbuster with a few faults that you just do n't mind overlooking .
Even in the face of this dazzling ensemble and deeper budgetary pockets , Favreau keeps his wits about him , embarking on a snappy second round agreeably mindful of what clicked before .
This sequel was an improvement in many ways . I preferred Don Cheadle as Tony 's friend Rhodey , the two seemed to have a better rapport , and Mickey Rourke just ca n't be beat as a villain
Like so many sequels based on a rich and abundant source material with rabid fanboys to please , Iron Man 2 bites off a bit more than it can convincingly chew .
The movie is fun , but not as much fun as it could be because it feels like it 's so busy enjoying its own cleverness it does n't even need an audience .
It 's a rush , but it 's more like taxiing than take-off .
As superhero movies go this one is definitely a winner .
In one fell swoop , director Jon Favreau has driven this once-promising series straight into the ground .
It 's still impressive enough for a flick to be called `` a worthwhile sequel to a superior film , '' and Iron Man 2 is certainly that .
At its best when its personality is showing , the brilliant Iron Man 's sequel has n't as much on display . Still , top-flight special effects action and sparky comic riffing from Downey , Jr. and Rockwell make up for many inadequacies .
-LSB- T -RSB- he movie 's fluff-headed ignorance of its own self is so merry that it 's almost impossible to get upset about it . Downey 's Stark may no longer be surprising , but he 's still a helluva lotta fun to hang out with for two hours ...
Downey seems to have found a comfort zone , and his enjoyment combined with a charismatic personality transcends the screen . Eye candy is dished out with the attractive sexiness of Paltrow and Johansson , who joust for affectionate testosterone-fueled respo
Showmanship is the order of the day for superhero sequel Iron Man 2 , though the flash and dazzle distract from plot machinery that 's more than a little clunky .
When it 's working solely for itself , Iron Man 2 works , and does so better than its predecessor .
The first Iron Man was a wonderful surprise ... -LSB- I -RSB- n many ways this movie seems like the morning after .
Robert Downey Jr. as Iron Man ? OK , pretty good . Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark ? Brilliant .
Offers fewer surprises and exhilarating scenes than its smarter predecessor , briefly loses its footing , and suffers from excessive contrivance , but remains mindlessly entertaining thanks to its solid cast and some thrilling action sequences .
What happens in between -LSB- the few action sequences -RSB- is droll and lively , thanks mostly to Downey and Rockwell 's typically colorful performances ; it just is n't very super , you know ?
The filmmakers have n't quite bled Iron Man of his appeal , they have n't dented him or let him rust , but they 've done precious little to polish him , either . The shine is still there , but just barely .
Yes , sometimes there 's a bit too much story at the expense of the action . But when was the last time you had that complaint about a big event movie ?
Casting the likes of Downey and Rourke and then imprisoning them in jointed refrigerators is resource-squandering of the highest order .
The movie settles into a series of ho-hum conflicts and complications , and the requisite slam-bang ending is perfunctory at best .
Frantic , place-holding sequel ? Check . Third installment guaranteed ? Check .
It 's the first summer movie of 2010 . Let the expensive silliness begin .
The battles possess their own daffy clarity and logic .
Robert Downey Jr. 's irreverent , Peter Pan-like portrayal of billionaire industrialist Tony Stark -LRB- aka Iron Man -RRB- continues to be the movie 's strongest asset .
Faster and louder than the first film , `` Iron Man 2 '' is a fanboy 's dream come true .
I 'd have told even non-comic book fans to see the original Iron Man . I 'd recommend this sequel mostly to the initiated ... which probably accounts for 80 percent of all moviegoers .
-LSB- Downey -RSB- gives Iron Man 2 its fascination . The rest is a cluttered , clattering toy story .
This sequel , alas , settles for old elements in a new alloy -- less iron , lots more lead and tin .
Hammer and Vanko 's uneasy dance rivals Tony and Pepper 's banter for Iron Man 2 's funniest couple ... The screwball vibe is even more pronounced ... with wittier dialogue and even more deadpan delivery .
Superman has Kryptonite . Green Lantern is powerless against the color yellow . And if Iron Man 2 is any indication , Tony Stark 's big weakness could be scripts .
A summer blockbuster that 's interesting without ever being riveting ; entertaining without ever being thrilling . Summer 2010 has started with a piece of popcorn entertainment that just happens to taste like it was popped in 2008 .
The surprisingly funny script from actor Justin Theroux gives Stark a new reason to reassess himself while also providing some terrific banter for Stark and Pepper 's simmering sublimation .
The general excellence of the casting trumps the inarguable excellence of the technology .
This cluttered , awkward blockbuster is held together by safety pins and movie-star charisma .
A film that is fast , loud and enough rowdy fun to be worth the price of admission .
Favreau 's a workmanlike filmmaker who gets virtuoso performances from his leads , particularly Paltrow and Cheadle , but most of all Downey .
The franchise 's bounce and lightness make it unique among recent comic book adaptations , which have leaned increasingly toward heavy , dreary themes they do n't have the dramatic weight to support .
It 's a funny , exciting and even deceptively smart action-thriller with a few things to say about use of technology for destructive purposes .
Like the original , Iron Man 2 is a good time from start to finish .
The action sequences are fun , though not as exhilarating as in the 2008 original , and the dialogue can be zingy .
Downey still has plenty of moments of charm -LRB- nobody kicks a car aside as casually as this guy -RRB- , and most of the action sequences are lively and fun .
More like IRON MAN 1.5
You 're left wanting more , but not quite the `` more '' Iron Man 2 works so hard to supply .
Not as clever or thrilling as No. 1 -LRB- or as well-written/ad-libbed -RRB- , but there 's still good tongue-in-cheek fun thanks to Downey and his cohorts .
It 's easy to talk about what Iron Man 2 does n't do , but what it does do is so full of energy and genuine enthusiasm that it 's hard to imagine anyone walking out unhappy .
While the title is `` Iron Man 2 , '' what we 're being given is `` Iron Man Squared . '' There 's too much going on , and all the characters and plots and revelations and foreshadowings do not fill the film but bloat it .
It 's a good - but not great - action-packed popcorn picture .
It 's a clean , efficient , somewhat generic piece of storytelling and most of the additions are not subtractions . This passes for success in the summer movie season .
The franchise still has a lot of spark , but next time they need to clean the corrosion off the batteries .
`` I think I did OK , '' says Tony at the end . But I think he could have done better .
It 's not a feast , it 's a quick fix . You want bombs ? You want quips ? You want tech ? You got 'em . Now go away ... and come back next July .
My favorite part of Downey 's performance is watching him think , which is more fascinating to watch than every Miley Cyrus , Jennifer Lopez and Ashton Kutcher movie combined !
There are too many new characters , too many crossing story lines , not enough romance and our hero 's a smug jerk for the first half hour . Who cares ? Iron Man 2 still rocks .
I do n't want to see his vulnerable side . I want to see him kicking ` bots and taking names . And there 's precious little of that here .
Not better but pretty good nonetheless .
Iron Man 2 emerges as a movie that 's at war , not between Iron Man and his surfeit of enemies , but between two different movie-making instincts .
This mega-mecha melee manages to give short shrift to both the airborne action set-pieces that define Iron Man 's zoomy panache and incoming supervillain Whiplash .
it 's the tenuous chinks in Stark 's personal armor ... as well as Downey 's captivatingly honest examinations of his character 's inherent flaws , that permit the actor , and not the effects , to carry the drama
Often playing like it has been jury-rigged from bits and pieces of a longer , smarter movie , Iron Man 2 seems chiefly intended as a placeholder for its next dozen or so sequels .
The big problem with Iron Man 2 , maybe , is that it so dutifully gives the people what they want , instead of giving them what they did n't know they wanted .
Flabby , disjointed , and eschewing conflict for extended scenes of improv clowning , it 's the Superheroic equivalent of a Rat Pack film .
The substance of the original Iron Man , the brain and the soul that set it apart from the typical seasonal fare and made it one of the best films of 2008 , also have been blown to bits .
Appealing mainly to male special effects fans , this high octane , low intellect thing has only two performances worth watching , by Larry Shandling and Sam Rockwell .
Although it 's stuffed with subplots , gadgets and bad guys , this tinny contraption is half-hearted .
It is all very-very-very entertaining .
Director Jon Favreau 's light touch and Robert Downey Jr. 's gift with a wisecrack continue to make this superhero franchise good , noisy fun .
But this go-again , penned by multi-threat Justin Theroux -LRB- `` Tropic Thunder '' -RRB- , gets a B for bland due to a frequently leaden screenplay , rock - 'em - sock - 'em mayhem -LRB- Is this another `` Transformers '' movie ? -RRB- and an underwhelming villain -LRB- Mickey Rourke -RRB- , who looks
Iron Man 2 works quite well , in fits and starts to be sure , but its a fine piece of entertainment .
Iron Man 2 is on par with the first film . The flick delivers more action and comedy at the expense of an uneven and overly complicated plot line .
The movie could have easily been undone by its own overambition , but Iron Man 2 prevails as the light and fun summer blockbuster we were all expecting .
Parental Content Review -LRB- all the details you need to know -RRB-
Talky , curiously depressing for most of its running-time , weighed down by too many heroes and an army of uninteresting villains , and messily prosaic in the big action moments , ` Iron Man 2 ' suggests that this franchise is already running on fumes .
Why get an actor like Rourke at the peak of his recent comeback and then lock him up to repair drones and type on a keyboard for the second half of the film ? Hardly innovation for a film that argues against wasteful spending on hardware .
At times it is hard to decipher what 's what and who 's who , and the storyline does venture into boring town , but the explosive action and comic relief make it watchable .
Offers a burst of entertainment so fast and lively you might choose to wear a neck-brace while you watch it .
-LSB- Downey 's -RSB- innate charisma , his ability to deliver cutting lines of dialogue with the perfect inflection , and his capacity to overcome narrative shortcomings are reasons why Iron Man 2 works better than one might suspect .
Iron Man 2 is more of a set-up for the upcoming Avengers picture than a stand-alone adventure -- a puzzling and unexpected disappointment , considering how fresh and entertaining the first picture was .
There 's too much superfluity for Iron Man 2 to be a great comic-book movie , but when it 's good , it 's exactly the kind of summer entertainment people are looking for .
Iron Man 2 simply simply is n't as satisfying as its predecessor .
There 's so much clunky exposition in the script attributed to Justin Theroux that it seems forever before the first action sequence , which has surprisingly mediocre special effects .
This sequel to the 2008 mega-blockbuster fires on more cylinders than the first film , yet relies on star Robert Downey Jr. more than it does kinetic energy and rock 'em - sock 'em technology -LRB- which it has in spades -RRB- .
A major disappointment . I hated arrogant , bratty , foot-stomping man-baby Tony Stark and prissy Pepper Potts . Too much brattle and no story .
Iron Man 2 is as good as its predecessor - and in some ways even better .
Downey 's head and heart are in the right place , but the movie is more in pieces than whole , and more about iron than about men .
Bigger , louder and dumber than its predecessor , Iron Man 2 is still a lot of fun .
Only the first of who knows how many sequels , and those clunky ferrous fashionistas are already getting a little , well , rusty . Downey retains his Chaplinesque eccentric charm , but it 's wearing thin , adding up to a sequel with a serious Iron deficiency .
What saves it is Favreau 's work with the cast .
... may mark the beginning of Mickey Rourke 's re-descent -LRB- cooing to a cockatoo in Russian will do that -RRB- .
Iron Man 2 is a polished , high-ozone sequel , not as good as the original but building once again on a quirky performance by Robert Downey Jr. .
If the morality , the pathos of death , the tenderness of the would-be romance between Tony Stark/Iron Man and his assistant , Pepper Potts , are missing , Iron Man 2 is still a fun ride .
En Iron Man 2 , el héroe está plagado de problemas humanos , problemas que Tony Stark trata de resolver a base de billetes , cinismo , narcismo , alcohol , mujeres y violencia ... lo que le viene fantástico a la cinta .
It 's a shame that Marvel saddled Iron Man 2 with the baggage of other films .
No matter how against the grain the superhero 's origins seemed in Part 1 , or how uniquely Robert Downey Jr. played them , a second helping of Iron Man has some `` wow '' issues to work out .
Upgraded with the latest CGI hardware but also more shoddy screenwriting software than its system can withstand , Iron Man 2 is an example of subtraction by addition .
If you listen and read closely , the positive reviews will be cloaking their praise of Iron Man 2 in rationalizations , rather than letting it flow unfettered .
Big , empty and dying : is it Tony Stark or the Iron Man franchise itself ? Director Jon Favreau has taken great pains to insure Justin Theroux 's script does n't get bogged down by silly matters like mortality .
A series of carefully-planned , effects-heavy sequences strung together with slapdash storytelling , underdeveloped character ideas and the occasional funny line of dialogue .
Twice the snark , half the fun . The original 's wit and energy shrivel into countless subplots and so little excitement that the sequel barely qualifies as an action movie .
Has it finally happened ? Hard as it is to type , Robert Downey Jr. may have reached obnoxiousness .
Iron Man 2 provides more entertainment , guilt-free , than anything you 're likely to see this summer .
Iron Man 2 is fun , unchallenging and inoffensive entertainment .
Delivers the visuals that the audience came for .
The idea is that we learn to trust that any extraneous-seeming thread will connect to something in another couple of summers and pay off , assuming the movie does .
It 's the promiscuously talented Downey who adds the grace notes that make Iron Man 2 something to remember .
Though not as turbo-charged as the original , it 's funnier and less politically off-putting .
Iron Man 2 is a great way to kick off the 2010 summer movie season .
Iron Man 2 injects more heroes and villains without losing sight of what made its predecessor a surprise smash hit in 2008 .
A sequel that more than matches the original 's impact .
Iron Man 2 feels less like a proper sequel and more like an extended , very expensive infomercial for Marvel 's future superhero movie slate .
To find a comic-book hero who does n't agonize over his supergifts , and would defend his constitutional right to get a kick out of them , is frankly a relief .
It does n't come close to the emotional heft of those two rare 2s that outclassed their ones : Superman 2 and Spider-Man 2 . But Iron Man 2 hums along quite nicely .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Favreau pleases with yet another solid exploration in to Iron Man 's universe ...
-LRB- ... -RRB- um pouco frustrante que o roteiro sinta a necessidade de tornar o protagonista um pouco mais atormentado nesta continuação , já que o filme realmente ganha vida quando o sujeito se entrega ao narcisismo , à irreverência e ao sarcasmo .
Robert Downey , Jr. reprises his role as the genius , billionaire inventor with a superhero alter ego .
It 's good enough to keep the fans happy , but no more . Nothing I say will deter teenage boys who want to see it , but if you go with them , take ear plugs .
Like its predecessor , Iron Man 2 is a fine example of how impressive big budget studio filmmaking can be when it 's done right .
Twitchy , talky , muscly Robert Downey Jr strengthens his grip on the role that made him a player in this spectacularly efficient and efficiently spectacular sequel to Iron Man .
It will be a hit . But it should have been a whole lot better .
This supposedly iron clad sequel is only fit to rust in the superhero scrap yard .
It falls short of its predecessor and is therefore a disappointment but what it lacks in grit and darkness it makes up for in fun .
click to read the full review at Movies for the Masses
Despite a rollicking opening half hour that leaves you wondering whether you 're about to watch the SF film of the year , the movie is unable to deliver on the promise of its set-up .
All this extra effort drains the inherent sense of what was fun about the original , darkening it with issues and complexities that unnecessarily muddy the crisp , clearly commercial premise .
The hollow feeling to the whole thing is particularly odd given how right so many of the individual elements feel in and of themselves .
Favreau reassembles his main cast for another witty and exciting romp -- and adds the likes of Mickey Rourke and Scarlett Johansson to increase our viewing pleasure .
Iron Man was a rare blockbuster that stayed with you -- the sequel all but evaporates the moment it cuts to black .
Thanks to Downey Jr , this is a winning formula . Director Jon Favreau 's mistake was to add to it .
We knew Robert Downey Jr would n't disappoint . Despite his broken robot heart , he is clearly having the time of his life , and unlike so many onscreen millionaires , he carries it all off convicingly .
It may lack the fresh irreverence and excitement of the first adventure , but there are noteworthy set pieces .
Iron Man 2 delivers all the sharp-witted , star-studded , state-of-the-art razzmatazz you could want from a summer blockbuster . But ...
Iron Man 2 is the Tony Stark of films - utterly aware of just how awesome it is , and yet charming and funny enough to get away with it .
It 's bigger , louder , funnier , darker and more emotional than before . So much so that you hardly notice how thin and choppy the plot is .
The original Iron Man left some pretty big shoes to fill , and rather than rise to the challenge , the sequel opts to play it safe .
It 's not that Iron Man 2 is n't good . In fact , it 's good enough , but it falls short of its predecessor .
Jon Favreau is back with a large-scale movie that is almost as good as its predecessor , even though it lacks the political commentary .
There was not one moment in Iron Man 2 where I did n't think `` I 'm enjoying this ''
Marvel are so excited about The Avengers that they 've decided to make a 2-hour advert for it , pass it off as a film and charge admission .
Not all the amped up action works ... but ultimately this is Robert Downey Jr. 's gig , and he effortlessly entertains as the narcissistic , nihilistic rascal you love to envy .
Iron Man 2 could have been just another action sequel if it were n't for Robert Downey Jnr delivering the complexity and self contradictory nature of Tony Stark , a man who is aware of his flaws but is not weighed down by them
It 's the film 's tone and the screen charisma of Robert Downey Jnr that makes this big , bold action filled sequel such a blast
Loaded with laughs but short on action , this big-budget sequel feels less like a comic book flick and more like a superhero version of ` Arthur . '
The original film had a novelty to it that simply ca n't be replicated , but as far as comic book movie sequels go Iron Man 2 is a cut above most .
As he was the first time around , Downey Jr. is the man !
Iron Man 2 is the sequel everyone thinks Spider-Man 2 was .
a chockablock actioner that manages to deliver what 's asked while still somehow falling short of expectations .
I had a blast with IRON MAN 2 . It is one hell of an exciting adventure , but it may not be the adventure you expect .
Despite strong performances , impressive effects and a handful of decent action scenes , Jon Favreau 's eagerly-awaited Iron Man sequel is , unfortunately , not as good as the first film .
Iron Man 2 is a lot of fun : it 's shiny , likeable and never boring . But it 's also wildly uneven and unnecessarily convoluted , leaving the viewer unsatisfied and hungry for something more substantial .
Like Tony Stark himself , Iron Man 2 is a sleek and cheeky number that almost certainly trumps the fun-factor of Jon Favreau 's 2008 's surprise hit .
The film slumps into the doldrums early on , and truth is , it never recovers . For a film so heavy on characters , it 's shamefully light on plot .
A hugely entertaining first act is let down by a lacklustre second in a sequel often more concerned with setting up future Marvel efforts than delivering on its predecessor 's promise .
Given the strength of part one , the sequel is not just a terrific failure but a terrific disappointment .
Rourke and Rockwell make satisfying , complementary villains , while Downey Jr. delivers again . Shame this sequel feels inessential .
Unambitiously -LSB- believes -RSB- that only way to improve on the original is to add more of everything . More heroes ! More villains ! More CGI ! And more Robert Downey Jr. ! Surprisingly , the result is n't all bad .
High expectations from the first movie may leave some wanting , but there 's enough brilliance on display to leave you wanting more as well .
Iron Man 2 is n't as much fun as its predecessor , but by the time the smoke clears , it 'll do .
Everything fun and terrific about Iron Man , a mere two years ago , has vanished with its sequel . In its place , Iron Man 2 has substituted noise , confusion , multiple villains , irrelevant stunts and misguided story lines .
... even without the shock of the new on its side , Iron Man 2 works as a blast of pure confidence and charisma ...
Iron Man 2 might not have the power or tone of the recent Batman film , but that 's not what the filmmakers are after , and crafting thrill ride that 's so easy and accessible to take in , it 'll be tough to find a more fun way to spend a couple of hours .
As sequels go , this one is acceptable , nothing more , nothing less .

@highlight

It is n't quite the breath of fresh air that Iron Man was , but this sequel comes close with solid performances and an action-packed plot .