Leap Year may be too narrow a scenario to sustain the allegories of cultural bondage Rowe is aiming for . There 's no denying , however , his eye for the bold and subtle body language of his main actress , and for evocative visuals
The bright spot in this boggy botched mess is Amy Adams , a fine and always interesting actress who sparkles and shines here despite the stilted storyline , preposterous improbabilities and an artificially sweetened storybook ending .
... a familiar yet watchable piece of work ...
... generic romantic comedy about a beautiful young woman -LRB- Amy Adams , experiencing a career low -RRB- who plans to land her commitment-shy boyfriend by flying to Ireland and surprising him by proposing on Feb. 29
Scribes Deborah Kaplan and Harry Elfont rely heavily on the dramatic Irish landscape - and it is dramatic - to make up for the lack of drama in their script .
Adams is cute as a button , as always , but even she ca n't energize this tired excuse for a comedy .
Rubbish . Irish eyes will be hard pressed to grimace , let alone smile .
While thereâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s some chemistry between the pair , itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s not enough to compensate for their paper-thin characters , never mind all the crosseyed Guinness-swilling extras .
Everyone tries hard , but Leap Year shows talent cant redeem a truly uninspired script . For committed rom-com fans only .
The film is packed with spontaneous acts of Irish country dancing and twinkly locals beaming over their Guinness . Ireland should sue .
The only `` leap '' I felt like making was off a motorway gantry into the fast lane of the M25 .
Adams and Goode are hampered by a witless script , which aims for It Happened One Night cross-country battle-of-the-sexes entertainment but misses the mark so completely .
Amy Adams and Matthew Goode make a sweet , believable pair , but they 're dropped in a film so trite that not even their entertaining bickering can save it .
Adams shone in the superlative Enchanted but the quality of writing on offer here is n't going to give James Joyce at his most lovey-dovey much lost sleep .
Call us old-fashioned , but we expect some actual funny moments in our romantic comedies ; you canâ -LRB- TM -RRB- t get by on charming lead actors and pretty scenery alone . Especially when the storyline is so massively predictable .
Golden Age Hollywood charm with the obligatory modern Hollywood schmaltz thrown in , this will rile anyone who 's been within 100 miles of the real Ireland , but run with it and it 's an enjoyable fantasy all the same .
A light , frothy romance with just enough blarney to charm the susceptible .
Leap years come round every four years , but dispiriting romcoms appear with depressing inevitability at least four times every year , and this is one of the very worst .
It 's only through the sterling work of the two leads , Amy Adams and Matthew Goode , that this romantic comedy is at all enjoyable .
Adams is perky and watchable and almost saves the film . But it 's so dumb : how come the eventual proposal , supposedly set a few yards from the Dingle pub , seems to take place on the Cliffs of Moher , 75 miles away ?
Amy Adams can add sparkle to even the most lacklustre screenplays and that seems to be her function in Leap Year , a disappointing romantic comedy set in the kind of Ireland that only exists in the movies .
Romcom is a genre full to the bonnet with dismal stinkers but this squirm-inducing specimen takes things to new lows .
Despite the best efforts of Amy Adams , this is extremely poor , even by the already low standards of generic Hollywood romcoms . One to avoid .
This breezy little film will only really entertain those who have n't seen very many rom-coms , and therefore ca n't predict every single scene .
If you 've only seen one dumb city girl fish-out-of-water romcom , you 've seen them all . And you will have definitely seen everything that this miserable 100-minute trudge of a film has to offer .
Leap Year is a sappy road movie that clearly signposts every tiny pothole in the path to true love . And it promotes a stereotypical image of rural Ireland which would make Father Ted and his flock roll their eyes in disbelief and shout , `` Begorrah ! ''
It 's incredibly twee and cheesy , but somehow the charm of Goode and Adams , plus the gorgeous scenery , makes it bearable . Leap Year is not brilliant but it 's watchable enough .
Promoting a stereotypical image of rural Ireland which would make Father Ted roll his eyes in disbelief , Leap Year is a sappy road movie and frankly implausible comedy .
The considerable charms of Amy Adams ' company ca n't sustain Leap Year , which , despite its name , putters along like any other normal , workaday cinematic offering , not a quadrennial breath of fresh air .
Fortunately , Adams can carry even a weaker script than this -LRB- and has -RRB- ...
We need more rom-coms for Moms and their daughters but despite Adams ' charms this film has zero sizzle .
Leap Year is not constructed from the finest materials , but its two appealing lead actors make the most with what they 're given to provide a sweet , breezy escape .
Adams surely knows that this is not a great movie -- or even an average one -- but hey , for two months in Ireland , I 'd probably do the movie , too .
A generally witless and uninspired rom-com that follows the genre 's forumla to a tee without adding anything entertaining or funny to the mix
It 's a shame to see the talented actress Amy Adams floundering around in such a lame and unfunny romantic comedy .
The real star of this movie is n't even in the credits . Or in the title , for that matter .
For all the contrivances , the idiocies and the scenes of pure unabashed tedium the pair won my over , the sight of them together filling my heart with just enough joy I was ready to forgive much that I normally would n't .
Leap Year takes few chances .
In Hollywood , it 's all about the concept , and some studio executive must have thought it would be fun to watch Adams slogging around in the Irish mud . Unfortunately , there 's no accounting for taste .
Forgettable all around .
As a tearful Anna perched on a cliff near the end , I was tempted to shout , `` Jump ! Jump ! '' , while wishing that Kaplan and Elfont would join her .
Has a script that normally comes festooned with the names of a half-dozen or more writers instead of two ; it 's the kind of bad that usually requires a committee to attain .
Two charismatic actors , Adams and Goode , lift this movie up to heights of entertainment it should n't achieve ,
I could watch Amy Adams read the dictionary . `` Leap Year '' is sentimental , to be sure , but never sappy .
I 'll grant that 's it 's not the most original plotline , but what really counts in these films is the chemistry . And `` Leap Year '' has plenty of that .
An old man screams at Anna and Declan to kiss over and over again . It feels like something that should be against the law instead of endearing .
Despite its patronizing theme , and however much you 're tired of Amy Adams 's wide-eyed , neurotic shtick , Leap Year has a winning charm that sneaks up on you and makes you fall in love with Matthew Goode % u2013 I mean , with it .
You 've seen this movie before dozens of times under dozens of different titles . What 's the point in seeing it again under this title ?
The incredible Amy Adams might not turn this sow 's ear material into a silk purse , but she gives a spellbinding performance .
Both of the leads do well in their roles , but since the movie is so predictable and some of the attempts at humor go south , most of it just leave you smacking your palm against your forehead .
Boy , people must really love demanding characters who relate everything to their own wants . They just keep making movies about these people .
With her gorgeous red hair and delicate facial features , Amy Adams dances brilliantly on a spiraling comic tightrope .
Leap Year is a sweet little movie , although so by the books that it does n't exactly distinguish itself
Pleasant but tiringly formulaic , it is saved by the presence of the effervescent Amy Adams .
A late scene has Amy Adams standing at the edge of a cliff . I thought she was going to jump . Had it not been so late in the movie , I would have gladly traded her places .
This light and frothy romantic comedy gets 2010 off to a good start . This entertaining movie is what people like to see on date night .
There 's slothfulness to the script that permeates the entire film . ` Leap Year ' has been pasted together with a ` maybe the audience wo n't notice ' attitude .
The only saving grace of this film are the performances of Adams and Matthew Goode , both of whom are better actors than the material they are given .
Leap Year may be the least funny Hollywood comedy to take advantage of Irish tax credits since The Honeymooners .
In a film that takes no chances , breaks no new ground and makes no fatal errors . It 's the cinematic equivalent of ordering pizza for dinner three nights in a row .
If Leap Year works at all , it 's because Amy Adams makes it work through sheer force of personality .
The most charming of actors can be left flailing in the face of a feeble script and direction .
What makes Leap Year so singularly dispiriting is precisely that it is bad without distinction â '' so witless , charmless and unimaginative that it can be described as a movie only in a strictly technical sense .
If the premise seems lame , the actual script by Deborah Kaplan and Harry Elfont is far worse , leaning on so many clichéd situations it 's a wonder 45 other screenwriters were n't credited .
Tame but unimaginative romcom does n't offer anything new .
Due to the nearly irresistible charms of stars Amy Adams and Matthew Goode , a so-so script is overcome and sweet matchmaking sways the day .
There 's not one surprising moment in the script , but Adams and Goode allow you to look past the familiar and develop a rooting interest in them as a couple .
As modern rom-coms go , this is trite but relatively painless .
The scenery is beautiful and the stars are ingratiating , but while more palatable than many rom-coms , the movie is basically the same old blarney in a pretty package .
While the Irish countryside is postcard worthy , the `` Leap Year '' script is postcard thin .
Not only does this film 's release miss the Leap Year day , month and year , but with its babbling script , flat characterizations and flaccid direction , the entire project misses . It is , if nothing else , beautifully consistent
Inevitability terrorizes the script
I feel like I have already reviewed this film 100 times . This time around , they plug in the wonderful Amy Adams and the typical romantic comedy still does not work .
I say it 's about time , as we enter the second decade of the 21st century , to put behind us all that nonsense about ` feminism ' and undignified female self-determination ... .
There is formula and then there are bloodless , make-work projects like this one .
Ms. Adams and Mr. Goode are capable of showing greater comic depth than is on display in this relatively shallow , recycled parable of serendipitous discovery of true love .
Of course , opposites will attract -LRB- it does n't hurt that both are smokin ' hotties , I have a feeling Anna would n't be falling for Ray Romano in similar circumstances -RRB- .
Cookie-cutter rom-coms can work well , but this is one you can skip any year .
Recycled plot , lame sight gags , Leprechaun-like stock Irish characters . The charms of Amy Adams rescue ` Leap Year ' from Truly Awful status .
Erin Go Aagh ! The Irish legend concerning leap-year proposals gets summarily tossed onto a peat fire , which is where the movie itself belongs .
Is this 2010 , or 1950 ? It certainly seems the latter , since no contemporary woman with an IQ above Guinness temperature would sit with such nonsense .
The movie 's refusal to go for easy laughs and its surprisingly heartfelt take on that romantic-comedy staple -- the woman who ca n't choose between two men -- make it more unusual and surprising than its ads suggest .
What saves it from being completely dismissible drivel are the gorgeous Irish locations and the charm of its stars , Amy Adams and Matthew Goode .
-LSB- Adams -RSB- walks a tightrope between vulnerable and prickly , with very little aid from a script that seems hell-bent on making the world want to kill her .
Look before you Leap Year .
Do not be surprised if you find yourself praying for the sweet release of death .
Let 's think positively about this . We 've gotten the first disappointing romantic comedy of the year out of the way , and we 're only one week into 2010 .
Leap Year is an exceptionally bad movie with exceptionally great stars .
Way too content to abide by the rules .
Parental Content Review
It has become something of a tradition to lead off the year with a weak romantic comedy , and we can cross the 2010 edition off the list .
By the time the camera ominously looms over a rocky seaside cliff before revealing our heroine at her lowest emotional moment , standing at the edge of it , how groundbreaking and genre-twisting might it have been were she to suddenly leap to her death ?
What is undeniably the worst aspect of the movie , however , is that screenwriters Deborah Kaplan & Harry Elfont 's work is being treated as original when what they have done is a charmless hack of ... `` I Know Where I 'm Going ''
If only Leap Year were an anomaly , the kind of picture that comes along only once every four years . Instead , it 's yet more evidence that romantic comedies are only getting worse .
The movie does n't give them one single moment that does n't come out of the romantic comedy rulebook .
The cinematography is what makes Leap Year worth seeing . Turns out Ireland is kind of pretty !
An uneven romantic comedy that feels as fresh as a hunk of week-old soda bread .
This is the kind of movie in which an uppity , upper-crust woman requires rough-hewn working-class masculinity to take her down a peg or three .
... which is my way of saying , if you see it , you 're exactly the type of person who would .
Leap Year is a chaste little picture reminiscent of screwball comedies of the 1930s -- and a pleasant change from films that are all sex and no romance .
It 's a new year , and a new romantic comedy , and a new opportunity to observe that Amy Adams ' hair really is very pretty , and ... sorry , I nodded off there for a minute .
A third-circle-of-hell kind of film
Even Amy Adams ca n't do anything with Leap Year , except for perhaps ensuring that it 's not a completely painful cinematic experience .
It 's unclear what Amy Adams did to deserve Leap Year , but all that 's missing from the movie is a set of jailhouse bars over her scenes .
Amy Adams is a sentient ball of cuteness , but not even she nor her appealing co-star Matthew Goode can keep this gimmicky contraption afloat .
Stay home and rent Junebug or Enchanted instead .
The movie proves what we guessed going in : that Adams -- who has the instincts not to overplay her character 's robotic snippiness -- can redeem almost anything .
Rich in cliché and brimming with the sort of potent idiocy that can only be found in January-release romantic comedies , Leap Year manages to do every possible thing wrong .
There 's no emotional undercurrent , just saccharine sentiment shared by two unlikable characters ; one a clichéd Irish Paddy-O-Everythingsfineafterapint , the other a clichéd American boob .
There may be more masochistic ways to spend this coming box-office weekend than by taking in a matinee of Brit director Tucker 's soulless , Lifetime-lite flibbertigibbet of a movie , but for once I 'm at a loss to think of any .
The problem is n't the absence of chemistry but the presence of too much of the wrong kind . The sense of cold antagonism that initially develops between the primary characters is so strong that it lingers throughout .
Leap Year is a romantic comedy that never rises above the predictable or inoffensive ; it 's pretty to look at , but it offers little nourishment for the head or heart .
Actor Amy Adams is in serious danger of overexposure , so it 's a pleasure to report that her latest vehicle delays that inevitability by playing directly to Ms. Adams ' strengths and letting her weaknesses run free like an Irish pig .
This is n't Amy Adams totally jumping the shark , but it 's at least hopping a jellyfish .
Amy Adams and Matthew Goode have the charm necessary to float a romantic comedy like Leap Year , and this is a story that needs their buoyancy .
Predictable as hell but delivering exactly what 's advertised ... the rapport between Adams and Goode is often enough to keep this movie from totally sinking into its own formula-driven plot .
Leap Day occurs once every four years . Awful romantic comedies like Leap Year , unfortunately , are far more common .
The lethal lack of humor keeps the audience from getting any pleasure out of it .
Lovely woman , Amy Adams , just a delightful on-screen presence , and a fine actress , as well . What 's she doing in this ?
Leap Year is like most relationships : You keep waiting for it to get better , until you finally accept that it wo n't .
If the young Ann-Margret had been allowed to wiggle her brain as much as her bod , she might have come off something like Amy Adams . Is there an actress today who can suffuse a single scene with so many infectious mood swings ?
It 's a romantic comedy . We know where this is going . Tucker & Co. do n't seem to realize that it 's not the destination , it 's the witty , winsome journey that counts .
Just once , Hollywood , could you give us a happy ending ?
The kind of movie of which I wish I could say , `` You could n't pay me to watch that crap . '' Obviously , however , you can - but not nearly enough .
Adams and Goode are both appealing , but you can write Leap Year 's opposites-attract itinerary yourself .








@highlight

Amy Adams is as appealing as ever , but her charms are n't enough to keep Leap Year from succumbing to an overabundance of clichés and an unfunny script .