Very disappointing Peckinpah western `` classic '' is not even near such .
An offbeat and sometimes jumbled western adventure film sees Heston as a Union officer in charge of a jail in the Southwest .
Sam Peckinpah 's crippled film plays best as a dry run for The Wild Bunch .
It 's an ode to the unstable , explosive force that was Sam Peckinpah , as well as to the powerful studio system that crushed him and kept him down .
Peckinpah 's Western , starring Charlton Heston , is compromised due to studio interverence , but it still has merits
This restored version demonstrates is that while it remains an uneven work , it has flashes of brilliance as well as a general air of competence , even elegance in storytelling .
Giddy-up , Western lovers . This one is worth the return engagement .
It 's one of those flawed , fascinating films that are somehow more intriguing than many a smooth-cheeked blockbuster .
No true Peckinpah-lover should pass it by .
Major Dundee , not a great movie but a great star-driven , big budget 1965 studio western , is back in all its fractured glory and confidence .
They do n't make movies or movie directors like this anymore .
It 's richer and more interesting , partly because some motivations have been cleared up , partly because the music is n't a burden and partly because we now can see that this was all leading to the creation of a truly great film four years later .
The new Dundee plugs some of the story holes but , sadly , it 's still a plodding affair that 's low on plausible character motivation and compelling action scenes .
Testosterone Valhalla ... This newly restored version proves to be one of the most purely enjoyable , least thorny examples of -LSB- Peckinpah 's -RSB- work .
The restored version becomes a near masterpiece -- a most powerful but fragmented western of epic proportions .
Still a mess of great scenes sprinkled among some fairly monotonous action . But it 's never completely dull .
It 's half a great movie .
It 's hard to imagine The Wild Bunch having the depth and grace it did without Peckinpah having this experience to draw on , and for that masterful film alone we 're grateful to have Major Dundee back among the living again .
... it is still incomplete - permanently so , since crucial scenes were never even shot - and the seams show .
The 12 minutes excised from the preview version have been recovered , and they go a long way toward clarifying some of the film 's murkier passages .
It 's not a masterpiece , but its story of Civil War enemies banding together for battle against Indian warriors and French soldiers packs an occasional wallop .
It 's gratifying to see Sony expending such effort on an important but admittedly second-tier picture .
The movie still is n't great , but it 's an important remonstration to that oldest of all studio-system curses : the producer who thinks he 's more creative than the director .
Sam Peckinpah 's famously butchered 1965 western , Major Dundee , has been returned to the big screen in a form that is closer to the director 's original vision .
At its best you can feel Peckinpah , at the twilight of the studio era , dreaming of a far wilder bunch .
Peckinpah 's first patently runaway-train production seems less a restored classic than a missing link in the breakdown of Hollywood genre hegemony .
Charlton Heston is the cavalry officer assigned to eliminate Apache resistance ; Peckinpah makes a fine , ironic use of his stentorian presence in what becomes a very grubby context .




@highlight

Major Dundee is a Western-type with big war scenes , shot with bombast typical of Sam Peckinpah .