This is not only the best movie thing accomplished stand-up comic Chris Rock will probably ever do . It is also one of the coolest and most endearing rom-coms of the past few years .
This movie attacks comedy in so many various ways : snark , sarcasm , quips , one-lines , everything on such an intellectual level , especially if you know the pop culture references being made via certain moments in hip-hop or mainstream media .
Chris Rock bleeds many elements of his stand-up comedy routine into a person that is simply sick and tired of being famous for lowbrow pandering slapstick comedy , possibly like himself
I went into Chris Rock 's Top Five with a checklist of expectations , and I am happy to say that my expectations were met , and even exceeded in places .
To watch this film is to see Chris -LSB- Rock -RSB- 's - and every comedian 's - turbulent , messy , passionate , longstanding romance with his craft
Top Five does the trick .
Overall , I appreciate what this film does in showcasing a more serious Chris Rock . I think it 's his best film to date .
The romance is contrived ; the sexual jokes rarely land ; and the cameos seem more for show than for storytelling . That 's not to say that I did n't laugh , or enjoy it , but it 's horribly predictable , and about as frequently tasteless as it is charming
Top Five gives us a glimpse of -LSB- Rock 's -RSB- comic genius . Just a tad .
He finds a cinematic approximation of his act : free-flowing , unpredictable , personal , spiced up with pop cultural references , political shout-outs , and a decidedly hip-hop energy , and above all else , funny as hell .
-LSB- Rock 's -RSB- high notes are higher than ever , his penchant for uproarious comedy intact , but his cinematic voice remains inexplicably lost in the din .
It 's a familiar structure that Rock juggles well and fills with sharp , smart , and often hilarious take on the mid-life crisis of an artist caught between public expectations , private ambitions and anxieties , and professional compromises and commitments
I honestly expected the movie to be funnier , but I did laugh out loud multiple times .
-LSB- An -RSB- overly self-referential comedy shot through with an uncomfortable dose of Serious Themes .
As a stand-up , Rock has always pushed boundaries so it 's surprising to find this is such a sweet movie which could have really done with more comedic bite . There are plenty of chuckles , but you 'll struggle to find a Top Five belly laugh here .
With Top Five Rock has made a step forward as a filmmaker - as well as a fresh , likable comedy , which -LRB- as he 's suggested in interviews -RRB- is no small deal . Besides , any movie with Jerry Seinfeld making it rain at a strip club ca n't be all bad .
A passion project that Rock writes , directs and stars in , the film encapsulates the raw , edgy , provocative energy of the star 's stand-up routines , while providing plenty of food for thought in the process .
The Chris Rock movie we 've been waiting for , it 's boisterous , rude and genuinely romantic .
Rock has much to say about what it means to be a successful black entertainer in the US today . What , though , is he telling us when he makes the only significant white character in the movie the butt of a series of very dodgy homophobic jokes ?
Top Five is hardly in the same class as Stardust Memories but it is still manifestly cinema , rather than filmed comedy , and the gags are often visually sophisticated .
Chris Rock squanders an interesting idea with an implausible premise in this comedy about a superstar stand-up -LRB- Rock -RRB- who no longer values his comic instincts .
Beneath the meta-fiction and the lulz lies a genuinely warm romance in the style of Richard Linklater 's Before Sunrise .
Rock 's crass reliance on misogynist hooker gags and hot-sauce-up-the-ass homophobia routines means that an Adam Sandler cameo hardly seems out of place .
There 's nuance in the performances and bite in the script , but it could have done with a stronger hand behind the camera to blend it all together .
Top Five is packed full of zingers even if , at first glance , the familiar tale of a comic-turned - actor desperately seeking credibility promises to be an indulgent 102 minutes .
It 's superior fare and marks Rock out - third time round - as a writer-director and actor to be reckoned with .
The film 's trump card is its rigorous honesty .
Chris Rock approaches directing with the same fizzing energy that he brings to his stand-up comedy .
Rock is working some stuff out through a loudhailer , essentially , but the film 's snap and energy make it well worth bending an ear .
Rock is no actor , but he rides a wave of funny , self-aware and outrageous situations , and this is always watchable .
As a satirical attack on the inanities of the entertainment industry , Rock 's flamethrower is set to no higher than gentle singeing .
Writer , director , and star Chris Rock is so close to something great here , but he gives in too easily to the unchallenging and the very conventional .
Chris Rock has essentially written and directed a film based on one of his own standup routines , and the result is as hilarious as we 'd expect ...
Rock is quite inventive , jumping back and forth , in and out of conversations , to create a stream of consciousness feel without tying the story in knots .
Rock 's scattershot film may not be for the ages , but at least developing a personal angle has allowed him to get his groove back .
Top of the pack and Chris Rock 's best movie .
The banter between Allen and Dawson keeps things ticking over , it 's nicely shot and there are some amusing lines . But the rambling structure requires sharper visual gags and much tougher targets .
Top Five is Chris Rock 's latest slice of personal comedy , except New York is the stage and echoes of Woody Allen , Louie C.K , Adam Sandler and Jerry Seinfeld abound .
There are some great sequences in this film - both comedic and dramatic .
The overall vibe I get from `` Top Five '' is that Chris Rock is a smashing talent . The film , and it 's very satisfying conclusion , come from a man with his fingers on the pulse of contemporary comedy .
Strikes a delicate balance between social commentary , show business satire , general vulgarity and legitimate sweetness .
The time has arrived to finally come out and say that ... Chris Rock is a mediocre film director ... Given how perceptive , confronting and challenging his stand up work is , it 's disappointing to see how tame Rock becomes when he gets behind the camera .
Benefits from Rock fully exploiting his own persona and his own conflicted experiences of being a famous , rich African American performer .
It does n't always work , there are plenty of scenes you wish were better , but it 's out there .
The incomparable Chris Rock is not known for impersonations , but he mimics Woody Allen , Richard Linklater , Louis C.K. and even Federico Fellini in his directorial pet project Top Five .
The writing here feels like vintage Rock : free-flowing , profane and absolutely hilarious .
Top Five plays like a great stand-up routine : shambling , honest and packed with laughs - and laughs that stick .
It 's fast and real , funny and outrageous , cutting and poignant by its truthfulness
A talented comedian -LRB- nearly -RRB- hits his stride
This is a funny , loud , profane , obscenity-laced film about the lives of entertainment celebrities , reality TV , alcoholism and show business . The film demonstrates Chris Rock 's sharp observations of society and show business .
The break seems to have allowed Rock a welcome opportunity to freshen his material without softening his edge .
Top Five is an arty and sincere hangout with an incredible cast of characters .
It has that rom-com formula framework , but Rock turns it on its head for a snappy , contemporary and entertaining ride .
While Top Five is certainly Rock 's best work as a filmmaker , it 's also proof that he should n't quit his day job yet .
Written and directed by Rock , this meta-saturated comedy/drama may be the biggest surprise of this holiday film season .
Rock 's best work yet .
It 's much less savvy than his stand-up observations .
What follows is part meet-cute , part examination of fame , and all Rock .
When it 's just Andre and Chelsea , wandering the streets of New York and getting to know each other , Top Five is as good as Rock has ever been on-screen .
Chris Rock 's Top Five is very funny -- no surprise there -- but it 's also unexpectedly romantic .
-LSB- Rock 's -RSB- conversations with Dawson crackle with intelligence and sexual chemistry , and a parade of guest artists -- some playing characters , others as themselves -- is folded into the mix with a minimum of awkwardness .
As a director , Chris Rock makes a fine stand-up comic .
If you want to see one of the richest , most complex female characters in American film this year , go to the picture that 's being marketed as a dirty-talking ethnic comedy .
When it feels loose and lived-in , it starts clicking into place . But when it pushes its characters toward unearned saccharine , it feels as fake as the industry it 's supposed to be satirizing .
Rock is sharpest in observational mode , riffing on Andre 's career , but the movie falters when the routine plot devices kick in .
Top Five is easily the `` Avengers '' of comedians where the laugh meter never drops from its highest point .
Chris Rock has made an entertainment that is not only a wild and rich study of his lead character but the character of the filmmaker himself .
A clever , laff-a-minute adventure worth the investment for the hilarity , even if it telegraphs where the love story might be headed .
I think I would still rather watch Rock hold a press conference about `` Top Five '' than actually act in it , but the movie is the nearest we 've come to hearing Rock 's authentic comic voice on film .
Multi-hyphenate Chris Rock kills in the hilarious account of a stand-up comic turned movie star that wants to be taken seriously .
As a writer , Rock sets up one volatile situation after another , no sweat , and as a director , he captures his performers at their most explosively spontaneous .
Top Five is the film that bridges the gap between the creator 's on-screen and stage personas . Skillfully dancing the line between harsh and hopeful , Rock delivers his medicine with a delicious spoonful of honey .
Very funny , yes , but it also represents a clear statement from Rock about his career . It 's his best film by a considerable margin .
Chris Rock keeps wanting to be a social commentator just when this movie really needs him to be a character .
... Rock proves here that his comic groove is stronger than ever .
It 's a big leap forward for Rock as both an actor and a filmmaker , written and directed with the nervous , live-wire energy that has eluded his on-screen work for so long .
The settings for conversation are awfully contrived , but wow , are those conversations good .
Top Five is the funniest movie I 've seen this year , and the calendar 's running out .
The best comedy of the year .
A seriously funny , semi-autobiographical film that might be the most accomplished work Chris Rock has ever done for the big screen .
Top five thoughts that crossed my mind as I watched Top Five .
Rock is incisive in this new comedy but the film 's reliance on crude and unfunny set-ups really prevents it from reaching the heights it 's aiming for .
The tone is predominately blue , but never blue enough to obscure the heart of a surprisingly moving tale that will leave you debating whether those tears on your cheeks are from laughter or emotion .
When it comes to comedy , funny always wins , and Chris Rock 's third directorial effort does run on engagingly amusing riffs . But Top Five also steers hard into undisciplined storytelling ...
Top Five is Rock 's greatest accomplishment yet , mixing his signature brand of comedy with a hip and savvy filmmaking technique borrowed from some of cinema 's finest .
The unadulterated Chris Rock turns out to be Stardust Memories meets Do the Right Thing . Raucous and scathing .
-LSB- Rock -RSB- has directed and starred in the finest movie of his career to date .
Top Five is filled with the kind of smart , lewd dialogue that has made Rock a standup god . And for the first time in his career , Rock has the authority , charisma and screen presence of a real movie star .
It does n't always hit its mark , but even its misses feel personal and unself-conscious - a genuine reflection of Chris Rock , auteur .
Rock is brilliant at finding common ground while mapping the boundaries between black and white realities , which is why Top Five is a truly interesting -- and frequently very funny -- film .
Like Rock 's best stand-up shows , Top Five mixes the sweet with the salty , the naughty with the remarkably kind . It celebrates the darkly hilarious with the light of whip-smart observations .
For an ostensibly soul-deep movie like this to work , we need more than smirks and scowls .
Full of uneven drama but where is the comedy !
Top Five finds Rock in an elevated form , at 49 . Things change , sometimes for the better .
`` Top Five '' will be hailed as revolutionary by some -- but definitely not by David or me .
If seeing Cedric the Entertainer naked in a threesome is amusing , then this is your kind of movie .
Ragged around the edges and haphazardly hilarious though it may be , `` Top Five '' ultimately satisfies as an often raunchy ramble about celebrity , sobriety , selling out and sex , courtesy of the immensely talented but too-often subpar movie star Chris Rock .
Extremely enjoyable ...
It 's fun to watch Chris Rock ; it 's just fun . And there are parts of this film where it 's fun to watch him in exactly the ways he wants it to be .
The basic outline of Rock 's script is standard romcom ... but Rock uses it to examine show biz , celebrity , addiction , discrimination and family in painfully funny fashion . It 's Rock 's hip hop homage to Woody Allen and his own stand up roots .
There are a fair number of decent -- if decidedly adult -- laughs to be had . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
Here are the Top Five reasons Chris Rock 's latest deserves little of the hype it 's receiving .
Among Chris Rock 's films , this is more than in the top five . It is number one .
Welcome back , Chris Rock .
-LSB- Rock is -RSB- still not all the way there in `` Top Five , '' his third effort as writer-director-star . But the movie has so many laughs it hardly matters .
An innovative take on familiar material , Top Five is an exquisitely paced , rich , idiosyncratic , satirical , yet deeply moving free-form comedy about a Hollywood star who is shadowed for one day by a New York Times reporter .
All of this is very funny , informed by Rock 's insider 's view of big-time show business , made specific by his unique perspective on race and class , success and failure .
Rock 's brilliant skewering of Hollywood , celebrities and the fans obsessed with their every move results in one of the year 's smartest , insightful and terrifically funny films of the year .
It is the funniest movie of the year , in part because it is so sharply observed .
-LSB- T -RSB- he film has a lot to say about the nature and perils of fame , and it does so with Rock 's observant and caustic humor .
It 's a slap-happy movie and often scurrilously funny - the sound of a gifted comic mind finally finding its onscreen voice .
A romantic comedy that 's also an extended riff on art , identity , authenticity and what it means to be a black entertainer ...
The movie , which alternates between hilariously vulgar gags and some electric improvs and riffs by Rock and his cast of all-stars , has the crackle and pop of a live performance - it energizes you .
Combining the best of Woody Allen and his own particular urban perspective , Rock has come up with one of the funniest films of 2014 .
` Top Five ' is a welcome transition for Chris Rock , who has always been funny ; here he artfully blurs the lines between real-life and fiction .
The movie marks the first time Rock 's stand-up persona - cutting , vulnerable , afraid of no sacred cows - has survived intact on the way to the multiplex . That alone is reason for fans to celebrate .
Rock is on a roll again .
To the writing , Rock brings the discipline of his stand-up . Even with some improvisation , there is not one throwaway line in this fat-free script .
It can be delightful , intelligent , crude , clumsy and culturally tone-deaf , depending on which scene is rolling by . One minute it 's a major letdown , the next minute a joy to watch .
Raunchy in extremis , often funny and at times touching , `` Top Five '' is Chris Rock 's sincere attempt to craft a film career largely detached from his stand-up clowning .
The sweetest surprise in this raunchy comic ride is how artfully Rock lets down his guard . His confident , prowling wit as a stand-up has finally found its way to the screen , enhanced by a bracing vulnerability .
Mr. Rock has made a pyrotechnic pinwheel of a personal comedy , and he 's had the wisdom to share it with a strong co-star . While he sends sparks flying every which way , Rosario Dawson keeps the story grounded in calm intelligence and classic romance .
Rock lets his humor play broadly , but he fills out the space between gags with smart writing and pointed social insights .
Top Five entertains more than any previous film in which Rock was top-billed primarily because its content as well plays like an extension of Rock 's stand-up act .
`` Top Five '' may be Chris Rock 's biggest and boldest film as a director and writer , but a sharper , smarter , realer script would have made it far more than just a lazy , lightweight laughfest .
Top Five is Rock 's most accomplished work yet , a truly personal story whose comedic riffs on love , race , sex , and celebrity are carefully woven into a credible romantic plot .
`` Top Five '' has the bright , high-gloss feel of the most delicious wish-fulfillment fantasies , but it derives its spiky , propulsive energy from the adamantly forthright figure at its center .
In `` Top Five , '' you sense Rock trying to load all these disparate talents onto a conventional romantic-comedy structure . It 's a close call , but it holds .
Rock is too nimble and original to fall back on Hollywood conventions here . He uses this plot as a springboard for a manic ride through several days in Andre 's nutty , combustible life .
What lingers hours later are n't just the laughs but the people .
With `` Top Five , '' Rock has finally made the transition to true movie stardom .
The semi-autobiographical nature of Rock 's film makes Top Five 's satiric points about black performers in the entertainment industry fall all the more precisely .
`` Top Five '' is a funny movie , but Rock has his sights set higher than lowbrow , and for the most part , he succeeds .
Rock 's ambitious passion project - he wrote , directed and stars in it - is a bawdy , uninhibited yet thoughtful social satire about fame vs. artistic fulfillment .
It paints with a broad brush ... but the journey is nonetheless entertaining , and at times wildly funny .
An introspective look at stardom that happens to be the funniest movie of the year .
Funnier than it is smart .
When it 's funny , it works alarmingly well , capturing the coarseness of Rock 's comedy and his ease with other comedians .
A disorganized , dawdling mess of a movie that is rarely anything less than charming .
Rock 's fast-talking rhythms are all over this movie , and they lift it up ; it 's like dropping in on a party full of funny people , and leaving before the evening fades .
Just when it seemed like Chris Rock had already done plenty for the culture , along comes his latest work as a writer and director , `` Top Five . '' And it 's one of the most vibrant , sly romantic comedies this year .
Even when it falls flat , Top Five has ambition , which is more than you could say about the majority of Rock 's previous film work .
As an actor , Rock does n't create much of a spark with Dawson , and as a director , he tends to let scenes go on too long .
Rock still has n't figured out exactly what he wants you to think of him , but the way the film reflects that uncertainty may be the most interesting thing about it .
You come away from it with the thrilling sensation that you 're seeing an artist you thought you knew reinvent himself .
You 'll likely leave the theater smiling . And when 's the last time you cold say that about a Chris Rock movie ?
A relentlessly filthy and unbearably entertaining crowd-pleaser that actually needs to be seen in a theater with a lathered-up group .
Rock has said that he wanted to make a movie that captures the energy of his stand-up . Top Five fits the bill .
On the surface , a lost-artist comedy in the vein of Woody Allen 's Stardust Memories , but more deeply , a referendum on the dead-end choices Rock himself might be feeling .
-LSB- Top Five is -RSB- indeed funny in spots , but often thin and underdeveloped as well as improbable .
It 's a comedy with a serious side - and yet it feels completely natural when it suddenly segues into over-the-top set pieces -LRB- including one fairly surreal stretch in Houston involving Cedric the Entertainer you ca n't un-see -RRB- .
This is the movie I 've been waiting for Chris Rock to make his entire career . It 's his stand-up sensibility , perfectly translated to film .
Funny ... but unfortunate coincidences ? Police brutality , a black man in a choke hold , a comic singing the praises of Bill Cosby , a man acting as if he does n't `` get '' rape , and the reminder that this might be the last time we see Tracy Morgan in a movie
Rock 's frank , personal , semi-autobiographical , ferociously 21st-century comedy feels like its own special animal ... This sweet small crazy blunt bittersweet dirty ----- comedy vaults in every moment into a superior comic stratosphere .
Top Five is a fiercely honest and very funny passion project for Chris Rock that works best when it channels the comic actor 's brazen energy .
Rock has said that he worked on the screenplay during his downtime while co-starring in `` Grown Ups 2 . '' If that 's the case , then we finally have a reason to be grateful for that atrocious Adam Sandler debacle .
In spite of its silly attitude , the movie asks real questions about the tension between show business and artistic desire .
Top Five is a reminder that as often as comedy fails us , sometimes it 's our best hope for resuscitation . Seeing it at the end of a crap week , I suddenly felt I could breathe again .
This is the movie we 've been waiting for Chris Rock to make .
As a social satirist , Chris Rock adroitly balances bawdy abrasiveness with the awareness of a black man blindsided by his own success .
Chris Rock wrote , directed , and stars in this genial , splendidly constructed , occasionally hilarious comic drama with a reflexive twist .
Chris Rock never loses sight of the laughs for his most personal film yet .
It 's also smarter and richer and more mature than the `` romantic comedy '' needs to be , and seems to promise a whole new Chris Rock .
For a movie trying so hard to challenge the notion of what we expect from celebrities , I was surprised how many times Top Five followed the conventional Hollywood formula .
Rock spins his familiarity with the industry to get goofy and hilarious results , but as the day progresses he surprises us with an overwhelming sense of vulnerability and pain - an aspect of the business often taken for granted .
The somewhat watchable vibe lasts up until the movie enters its hopelessly misguided third act ...
Rock 's third directorial effort proves to be his strongest and most similar to his rollicking standup routines .
Could go toe-to-toe with the very best of Rock 's standup . The movie he 's been working towards his entire career .
-LSB- Top Five -RSB- is a charmingly tough-knuckled expression of an artist 's vision in a pure and classic mode . With Top Five , Chris Rock has made his Annie Hall .
It can be hard for a movie to dwell on the problems of the rich and famous without seeming a touch self-serving , but Rock always keeps things in perspective .
Happily , at the ripe young age of 49 , Rock has hit a career high with his new film Top Five .
The writing is strong enough that when the humor gives way to drama in the second half , there 's enough at stake to keep us interested , although Rock still has plenty of jokes in store for the finale .
Top Five is a film broad and filthy enough for multiplex appeal , but also sufficiently arch to satisfy those who fancy themselves a little more sophisticated .
The mess never coheres , but it sends off you on a high anyway .
Fresh , accessible , delightfully performed and downright hilarious .
I stopped writing off Rock as a filmmaker when he swerved left to remake an Eric Rohmer movie ...
While Rock calls in a lot of friends for backup on `` Top Five , '' his confidence as a leading man , writer and director had never been sharper .

@highlight

As smart , funny , and trenchant as writer-director-star Chris Rock 's best standup work , Top Five is a career highlight for its creator -- and one of the comedy standouts of 2014 .