It is worse than a straightforward bad film , it is a middling , stagnant film that could have been extraordinary .
i sta narkotika tha se riksei , i stin katatonia , an kaneis to lathos na tin pareis sta sobara os otidipote allo para eykairia eksaskisis ton kanibalistikon soy enstikton
A flat story , lean characters and a miscast lead make this a poor facsimile of period epics like Farewell My Concubine .
Tremulous eroticism a-go-go , but it 's all completely lifeless .
Dralon is more like it .
THE new Keira Knightley film is a visual delight . Unfortunately , the dialogue is far from delightful .
Crashing bore of a movie .
A problematic period movie , Silk is anything but finely spun . Unaided by lacklusture performances from the leads , director Francois Girard seems more interested in crafting a beautiful travelogue than he does a moving melodrama .
Francois Girard 's film proves a cross-cultural yawn , as if taking its cue from Pitt 's blank-faced blandness and Keira Knightley 's anaemic support .
Sluggish storytelling enlivens neither Pitt 's infatuation with a local concubine nor the stubbornly feudal society it 's set against . Worst of all , though , you just never give a toss .
Gorgeous to look at but ultimately disappointing , Silk is let down by stilted direction , an extremely dull script and a badly miscast Michael Pitt .
Dull period drama goes for sensuality over story .
The movie is at its best as a collage of environments representing states of mind .
It is interesting and not riveting , lovely and not luxurious , good and not great . Some may even find it boring . It certainly is repetitive .
François Girard 's Silk is not merely painterly . It might as well be a painting , for all that it eschews storytelling , forcing the viewer to scan the lush imagery in search of clues to what , if anything , might be going on .
Though elegantly staged , Silk is badly written and indifferently cast .
While the locations are stunning and the cinematography -LRB- by Alain Dostie -RRB- frequently pulls off compositions of breathtaking beauty , the flimsy emotional journey left me bored and frustrated -- never a good combination .
Sensual but profoundly silly , Silk is ultimately little more than softcore porn with arthouse trappings , a moony , dopily romantic Red Shoe Diaries variation for the NPR set .
Silk is n't just bad . It 's utterly mad .
The lack of overt instances of exposition consequently ensures that one 's enjoyment of the movie is directly related to one 's familiarity with Baricco 's book ...
It 's a perfect example of how awful direction and performances can ruin an adequate screenplay .
Limp satire .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Girard confuses pretty scenery doused in ponderous music with epic visual poetry . Impenetrable musings intended to evoke ineffable romantic longing leave you scratching your head as you wait , ever more impatiently , for something to happen .
It is a gorgeous film to look at , but it has little to recommend it beyond pretty pictures .
Faithful to the book but much less stylish , it succeeds only in demonstrating that Michael Pitt can cause anyone 's eyelids to droop when he 's handed the leading role .
Failing to make a lick of rational sense , Silk grasps at poetic straws .
The main problem is the casting , with Michael Pitt and Keira Knightley evidently competing to see who can be more attractive and vacuous .
As sensuous as its title , Silk is an exquisitely felt love story that unfolds as delicately as a blooming flower . And as slowly .
If you see Silk , be happy just to see it , in all its gorgeousness . That alone makes it worth your own trek to the theater .
-LSB- Alfred -RSB- Molina , as Baldabiou , is the only cast member who transcends the material -- as he always does -- and his scenes are considerably more invigorated than the rest of the film .
Although the period-piece film has all the trappings , from beautiful people to an obligatory sense of tragedy , it never follows through . In fact , its love story needs a shove -- it just lies there .
Silk is a languid , too languid , story of romantic regrets , mostly ours , because romance is expected to carry the film without explaining it .
Francois Girard 's adaptation of Alessandro Baricco 's novel is a visually arresting period piece , set in the 1860s , that addresses memory and loss .
This thin silk does n't hold together for long .
The movie looks gorgeous ... but the story never really builds momentum ; you keep waiting for the ` real ' action to start , but it never does .
A film that manages to remove just about everything that makes soap operas entertaining .
Few things are as boring as a piece of art porn that pays penance for its titillating scenes with twice as many dull ones .
Girard dampens it , choosing to frame pretty pictures and frost them with a constant , twittering score .
Inscrutable and Insufferable
-LSB- B -RSB- eautiful-looking but torturously dull ...
If there were an award for the gloomiest movie of the year , Silk would win hands down .
The stilted dialogue makes all of the actors sound as if they 're being dubbed into English , badly , especially the English-speaking ones -LRB- Alfred Molina , looking seriously bored -RRB- .
What we 're told in Silk is that Michael Pitt is a French 19th-century silkworm merchant in love with his wife but obsessed with a mysterious woman he glimpses on business in Japan . What we see is a mopey fellow without the energy to comb his hair
Here 's a little game you can play if you get bored during Silk , and you will get bored during Silk : How many actors do you suppose were offered the lead role before the producers settled on Michael Pitt ?
Like being slapped in the face by a feather : You 're surprised that something so soft can grab your attention but have neither emotional nor physical bruises to show for it .
Beneath the lovely surface it 's dramatically threadbare ... about as interesting as one of your neighbor 's vacation slide shows .
Sumptuously photographed but achingly dull story of a French silk trader who finds unrequited love in 19th century Japan .
a singularly uninvolving bit of piffle crafted as though those who made it were afraid of waking someone
In a film that just happens to be about the topic of fabric , Silk like a mannequin draped in an elegant costume , is all shimmering surface and hollow core .
Vacuous , arid and terminally dull .
As striking and insubstantial as its titular fabric .
Alessandro Baricco 's lyrical short novel is tentatively re-imagined as a saccharine love story with minimal depth .
Few movies ever have gone to such a length to tell so slight -- and , worse , unengaging -- a story .
What 's happened to Girard , who made the original 32 Shorts about Glenn Gould , then the mediocre Red Violin , and now a dull , studied art film , a period tale of doomed romance with no chemistry entre Michael Pitt and Keira Knightley or Pitt and other woman


@highlight

Silk contains a simple love triangle story but director Francois Gerard goes to painstaking lengths to turn it into a protracted and wearisome art film .