It registers that this once-reckless upper middle class nuclear family has succeeded in re-seating itself in an approximation of its former comfort zone , even as its rent has risen .
In many ways , it feels like a romantic comedy from that era . But , the movie does n't shy away from grittier real-life complications and adult language .
Landline takes us back to the 1990s ...
I love this movie most of all because of its career-defining performance by Slate . Her work here reminds me of Tom Hanks from '80s comedies .
Landline never quite finds its emotional footing . As a result , it makes for a generic drama/comedy hybrid that will be forgotten the next day .
Landline seems to barely bear its own weight . But it 's one of those movies that has something to say about cheating -- by cheaters .
Landline never creates the feeling that anything momentous hangs in its easy-going balance , but it has been drawn with affection for characters whose struggles , for the most part , feel real -- if not profound .
A romantic comedy that soundly rejects the allure of charismatic assholes in favor of milquetoast romance ; its platonic ideal is essentially the reading-while-your-boyfriend-plays-video-games phase in a relationship .
A very satisfying movie experience .
Landline gets what makes people tick , does n't shy from reveling in the good , bad and ugly as well as all the gradations hiding in the various grey areas .
`` Landline , '' at times , feels a bit inert , that it 's coasting on the novelty of '90s nostalgia without justifying that choice , and allowing those references to stand in for actual propulsive storytelling and jokes .
All problems are on this level of , um , complexity in Landline , which serves up a laundry list of humdrum conflicts .
It 's impossible for me to dislike a film that relies so heavily on 1990s alternative rock to set the mood , but it 's also impossible to deny that Robespierre once again falters in the finish .
Jenny Slate continues to be an endlessly charming screen presence .
In a perfect world , Jenny Slate would be America 's undisputed sweetheart , with her lopsided smile and quixotic lunges at happiness that strew confusion in the wake of good intentions .
Robespierre has produced a milder , more episodic movie that retains Obvious Child 's commitment to the way real people talk and behave while lacking its dramatic and emotional thrust .
Landline is a pleasant dramatic excursion about family , love and loss .
There are an awful lot of layers to deal with , and more sensitive audiences will be turned off by Landline 's ugly frankness .
This film looked great on paper , but an outstanding cast ca n't overcome a plot and '90s setting that never come alive
A zippy and friendly episodic comedy and coming-of-age story ...
1995 was such a good time for independent filmmaking . Gentle , wise comedies like `` Landline '' were found much more easily in theaters than they are now . You can almost imagine seeing the Miramax logo on screen before `` Landline . ''
A lovely success .
You ca n't go wrong with fine actors like Turturro and Edie Falco as the unappreciated mom . But it 's Quinn as the feisty kid sister who shines .
The humor and heartache do n't balance as smoothly as they could .
No doubt , Landline hits familiar beats , and ties up its loose ends too neatly . But I was sorry to see the credits roll . Mostly , I regretted that I could n't click on the next episode .
Landline is warm and observant , gently funny and moving . And sometimes , as the film argues , cozy and familiar is exactly what you need .
-LSB- Landline -RSB- has warmth and wit but lacks strong narrative ... Still , the uniformly great cast keeps things witty and watchable .
There 's seldom a dull moment when this funny and bright woman is onscreen . In a nod to another Nineties memory , there 's something about Jenny .
Robespierre and Slate prove with Landline that they are a match made in movie-making heaven , two women who understand that female characters can do unlikable things while still earning our empathy .
Warm and funny and heartfelt , with great affection for both its characters and its era .
No , it 's nothing new . But it 's pretty watchable all the same .
Landline ultimately succumbs to a trope it eagerly tries to avoid-it ties things up with a bow .
It 's been some time since I 've seen sisters drawn this well and this convincingly . Young actress Quinn makes a strong impression as brainy young woman yet to learn the important difference between high SAT scores and true wisdom .
The rough edges of Landline are apparent , but it 's a more than worthwhile picture and one that allows its protagonists to be simultaneously selfish but deserving of love .
There 's an affinity you form with the characters -- especially the budding camaraderie between Dana and Ali -- that enables the movie to involve and intrigue .
Ultimately , Landline registers as a push me-pull me emotional drama about four members of a family that are spinning uncomfortable semi-comic , barely-tragic circles around one another .
This ensemble comedy-with-drama is n't ground-breaking , but that 's fine -- it 's a textured , often funny and subtly acted portrait of a family experiencing rumblings set off by sexual affairs .
The result is a scattershot depiction of the family that does n't feel like a story but a pastiche of the ideas that ended up in the writers ' garbage can .
A charming delight in a retro timeslip . Gillian Robespierre and Jenny Slate continue their rampage of creating wonderfully , memorably flawed women onscreen .
The blend of raunchy comedy and darker domestic drama is awkward , becoming caught up in final-act contrivances that essentially lead to ambiguous shoulder-shrugging .
I laughed during Landline , and I still think Jenny Slate is a deft , new kind of comic actress . But the journey from the spikiness of Obvious Child to the softness of Landline is a disappointing arc .
... a low key drama that 's not funny enough nor heavy enough to completely satisfy viewers expecting a bigger , better repeat on previous success . The good news for Slate and Robespierre is that there is enough good in `` Landline '' to leave us wanting more .
In the movie and in their own lives , -LSB- these characters are -RSB- the problem .
Chances are , we 'll being seeing more indie films like Gillian Robespierre 's Landline set in the pre-smartphone-and-social-media era .
OK , the setup is familiar , but the dialogue is smart -- thanks to young director Gillian Robespierre and co-writer Elisabeth Holm -- and the acting makes it fresh .
Landline is a very funny film about people dealing with very serious situations . Better the Jacobs family than us .
Like -LSB- Obvious Child -RSB- , this one benefits from Slate 's ample charm and comic timing , though they 've been funneled into a more conventional coming-of-age story .
A slender indie sitcom , peopled by characters who are simply annoying rather than quirkily charming .
Slate is n't the star of `` Landline , '' but her daffy , unpredictable presence keeps it fizzing while her co-stars , especially Quinn , deliver brave , nervy performances .
Slate , a beguiling comic actress with shrewd dramatic instincts , knows how to make even faulty or contrived sequences come off .
The screenplay excels when it focuses on wandering hearts and squeezed minds , with Robespierre right there to extract emotional authenticity in the middle of potentially clichéd situations .
`` Landline '' is a very nice movie about the ways people can be not nice to each other at all , and it never quite overcomes its innate passive aggressiveness .
Witty , warm , and funny , Landline is a charming comedy , edged just a bit by its heartbreaks .
A comic clearing of the familial air ...
The show belongs to Quinn 's Ali , with a strong assist from Slate and Falco .
The characters and the actors playing them are appealing , and somehow the movie all adds up to a better than break-even proposition .
Slate cements her status as a kind of later-day Lucille Ball , gifted in physical comedy and possessed of a dithering combination of smarts and free-flowing emotion .
It still ca n't quite transcend its sitcom structure - but it 's at least honest and funny .
The actors fling themselves with forced charm into their narrowly defined roles , and Robespierre juggles the story lines with a bland vigor that lacks any observational , analytical , or symbolic dimension .
Jenny Slate 's performance is fantastic , as are Edie Falco 's , Abby Quinn 's , and the rest of the cast . Make sure to bring a lot of Kleenex to this one .
Landline does n't exploit the retro setting for gimmicky punchlines . Amidst the turmoil of 2017 , 1995 feels like a comfortable and quaint world to step back into .
Robespierre 's heart is in the right place . Hers is a humane vision that refuses to cast easy judgment on her deeply flawed characters , never excusing them for their unwise decisions , but understanding the inner anguish from which they arise .
The film has a central problem in that Jenny Slate 's Dana never evokes sympathy , her character using people and situations to her own ends , but the rest of the ensemble cast are aces , relative newcomer Abby Quinn stealing the show .
I 've argued before that Slate should be the queen of modern-day rom-coms , if such a position was open . Add Landline to the evidence pile .
I found myself wishing that Robespierre had uncovered something more interesting for her characters to do than act out plotlines from other movies I had already seen .
Family confronts infidelity in mature but uplifting dramedy .
A forlornly funny and emotionally bruising dramedy that rarely misses an opportunity to reveal humans as the flawed and occasionally awful beings that they are .
Landline is at times endearing , funny , and crushing , but it is instantly forgettable .
The real surprise is it managed to do something I never thought possible : make me feel nostalgic for the ' 90 's .
For all the profanity and naughty behavior , it has the timid , ingratiating vibe of a television sitcom , sticking to safe and familiar emotional territory .
Flippant anxiety romantic comedy from the team behind Obvious Child shows that you can get pretty far but not quite all the way on wink-wink 1990s references and Jenny Slate .
In sweetly calibrated moments ... Landline finds the analog joy it 's reaching for .
The actors are all terrific : as Ali , Quinn has a radiant wildcat sweetness -- there 's fragility behind all that hissing . And Slate , with her marvelous , helium-tinged voice , is a pure pleasure to watch .
Tonal swerves can be a source of useful friction ; here they 're simply awkward , and Robespierre 's efforts to meld sentiment and laughs grow increasingly strained .
The humor works because Robespierre parcels it out sparingly , at all the right -LRB- and wrong -RRB- moments , and because all the actors have serious chops .
If Obvious Child offered a quick sketch of its broader universe , Landline , Robespierre , Holm , and Slate 's latest collaboration , is a carefully rendered study .
Jenny Slate and filmmaker Gillian Robespierre are sublime talents , but Landline drifts into sitcom clichés , when there 's tons of talk about pain but little of the actual hurt .
-LSB- A -RSB- richly detailed , often moving film ; it 's less a slice of life than a free-spirited blurt of it .
Slate proves again to be a special talent , able to go from goofy-silly to volcanically desirous in the time it takes to gulp a Zima . Falco makes every minute of her small screen time sizzle and Quinn has great skill as a preternaturally mature teen .
A uniformly excellent cast and some genuinely moving moments make it easy to fall for , especially if you 're a fan of Obvious Child 's returning star , Jenny Slate .
Crumbling nuclear families are a well-worn movie genre ; you could even add `` in Manhattan '' to that description and the examples would be many . Landline is simply another one , not appreciably worse than the average , but not much better , either .
Once filmmaker Gillian Robespierre gets down to it , this sophomore effort reveals surprisingly affecting layers .
Heroin is to Landline what abortion is to Robespierre 's Obvious Child : a dangerous little variable planted to strategically unsettle the pervading cutesiness .
Let 's face facts : no one really has a longing melancholy for the days of Blockbuster Video stores and eyebrow rings and Lorena Bobbett roller blades and slam poetry right now .
Predictable , and pointlessly set in 1995 , it 's still a pleasant , lightly amusing showcase for Jenny Slate and screen novice Abby Quinn .
Robespierre succeeds at making another candid , comedic portrayal of family dysfunction and difficult life transitions , this time from a multigenerational perspective .
The movie meanders in a manner I found quite pleasing , willing to follow the characters through interactions at work or at home without imposing big thematic burdens on everything .
Robespierre is working with more serious themes and tones this time around , and proves just as adroit painting with those colors . If ` Obvious Child ' was her ` Annie Hall , ' this is her ` Hannah and Her Sisters . '
Landline immerses itself in the misunderstandings and mixed signals of relationships , and Robespierre and Elisabeth Holm 's screenplay races from scene to scene .
Too reliant on exaggerated characters and situations , and often looking and feeling like a TV show .
Every smirk , giggle , and snort reveals a new layer of vulnerability for the world to exploit .
For an hour-and-a-half , Robespierre opened her heart and showed the tenderness that a life in disarray can bring , and I 'm grateful to have the opportunity to witness it .
A textured , silly , sweet , and deeply felt comedy .
Rushing to the happy ending may have cost Landline too large a chunk of its emotional impact , but time spent with the family on screen-sisters Dana and Ali especially-isn ' t likely to leave you without a warmer heart and a few good laughs .
Landline is no Obvious Child , but Jenny Slate is an absolute star .
A too predictable comedy distinguished only by some of the performances .
Somehow manages to fall disappointingly flat all too often .
It 's honest and sweet , but one ca n't help but think that focusing the narrative a tad would have resulted in a more satisfying watch .
On a whole , this is an agreeable sophomore effort from the filmmaker-a Sundance movie in one of the better senses .
The performances are all outstanding , but the comedy is hit-and-miss .
This might be a small story , but it 's not a slight one .
Robespierre has done something that has become increasingly rare lately , and that 's make a family comedy with characters that actually seem like a family .
Almost as messy as its characters ' love lives .
Great movie bickering becomes a kind of music , but well before the end of `` Landline , '' I just wanted the characters to cease their ranting and storming , or at least lower the volume .
A smart and tender movie that was swept a bit under the rug by its misguided designation as `` the abortion comedy . ''
Robespierre still needs to fine-tune her skills as a storyteller , but scene for scene she has the right audacity - the honest kind - to explore that kind of experience .

@highlight

Landline 's talented cast -- and a fast-paced approach from director/co-writer Gillian Robespierre -- help this charming multi-generational dramedy overcome a familiar storyline .