The sparring between these two actors and the maturity of their relationship makes it worth watching despite the inevitability of the story .
It is a thoughtful film about redemption and acceptance .
With a track record of exceptional films -LRB- from Schepisi -RRB- , Words and Pictures is a disappointment , it is strung together by cliché after cliché with occasional moments of good acting .
If you 're looking for a date night option , you might find that spending the time in company of Owen and Binoche is good value , but the pictures here tend to overshadow the quality of the words .
It is a joy to see a film that tackles the topic of art and its value in the world , and all the better that actors of Owen 's and Binoche 's caliber can lead it .
The opposites-attract business exchanged by Jack and Dina is so efficiently scheduled throughout the script , you could almost imagine these moments were timetabled by software .
The performances are first-rate .
In the end none of its gels , leaving fragments of a good movie that with a little more focus , and a little more polish , could have reached its potential .
Crowd-pleasing middle-brow romantic comedy about life in an elite New England prep school
Words & Pictures aims high but falls into too many of the clichés that we 've grown to expect from this genre .
Veteran Aussie director Fred Schepisi slams together a gruff Clive Owen with a frail Juliette Binoche for a romantic comedy that dares to have brains as well as heart .
It 's old-fashioned , but no less stirring for that - especially as Schepisi has spent a lifetime practising what he preaches .
A tiresome slog .
Binoche 's big throaty laugh is heard to appealing effect and Owen 's performance has more depth to it than anything I 've seen from him before .
It 's difficult to think of a supposed romantic comedy with two less sympathetic protagonists .
Gerald Di Pego 's intelligent , articulate screenplay provides plenty of opportunities for both intellectual and emotional swordplay in this ultimately gentle romantic comedy
Elevated by two top performances from Clive Owen and Juliette Binoche , the film is thoroughly enjoyable on many levels
Barely qualifies as a motion picture .
It still works for two big reasons . First , it suggests that you do n't have to make great art to appreciate it , and second , we 're watching Clive Owen and Juliette Binoche seduce each other .
Maybe it 's the words ' fault , but there 's something wrong with this picture .
A romantic comedy about a match neither written nor pictured in heaven .
The performances from both leads convey a playful charm , yet as a whole the film 's words and pictures lack depth .
Without its likeable leads and occasional nuggets of insight , the pure obnoxiousness of Words and Pictures would leave you utterly speechless .
`` Word and Pictures '' fails to communicate .
In this battle of words vs. pictures , words win in a landslide .
It 's so clunkily assembled that it trips over its own feet time after time .
Words and Pictures resonates with a clever and endearing energy that harkens back to the days when Doris Day and Rock Hudson dominated the box office .
Owen and Binoche are both strong actors , but they ca n't salvage this bran muffin of a movie .
Mostly predictable romance has lots of drinking .
For a film titled Words and Pictures , the battle between words and pictures is n't made to look all that important .
Opposites attract . Words and Pictures ? Not so much .
Though it 's neither as beguiling as it would like nor as intellectually sophisticated as it hopes , its virtues outweigh its flaws , earning it a passing grade .
` Words and Pictures ' leans heavily on the considerable appeal of its stars and the touch of its director , Fred Schepisi , who maintains a light hand throughout
Binoche and Owens really do give `` Words and Pictures '' everything they 've got , both of them digging deep to rise above the material . But it is n't enough to trump a screenplay whose central core is , well , hypothetical .
The actors are decidedly mismatched -- not to each other , but to the material .
Their courtship , presumably meant to evoke vintage battle-of-the-sexes screwball wit , instead seems sodden and stiff .
Over-emphatic to a fault and predictable , but the glorious leads make this work .
It is a nice story that benefits mostly from its stars and a feel good attitude to the arts .
I developed a soft spot for the clunky bookishness of `` Words and Pictures . ''
Words and Pictures stars Clive Owen and Juliette Binoche - a matchup that makes you want to like Fred Schepisi 's film , even when it becomes impossible to do so .
-LSB- T -RSB- he real fight is between phony material and two actors who know better .
A witty , grown-up love story .
One of those films that you want to like rather more than you actually do .
No , it 's not fair that `` Words and Pictures '' is n't the movie we 'd like it to be . But if it were better at being the movie it wanted to be , that would n't be an issue .
Owen and Binoche commit fully to their characters , prep-school teachers who also are complicated , intriguing people . Words , which is gimmicky and too loose-limbed , lacks such commitment .
Starts out with a silly premise and seasons it with cliches , resulting in a half-baked movie that is n't as smart as it tries to be ...
The movie looks like it was made for broadcast television , the place where words and pictures go to die .
The story is rather creaky , but who cares when the actors Clive Owen and Juliette Binoche are so sublime together ?
With remarkable ease , director Fred Schepisi delivers a literate , grown-up comedy in the forgotten tradition of George Cukor and Joseph L. Mankiewicz .
A love story that actually has something on its mind beyond romance .
It 's erudite , if uninspiring ... Binoche and Owen deserve better .
It talks a good game , but it 's unconvincing .
A low-stakes drama that shoots for intellectual flirting but mostly creates pretentious jibber-jabber .
Binoche is a marvel playing a painter whose rheumatoid arthritis is curtailing the scope of her art and life .
More infuriating than fun .
The remarkably unconvincing framework makes the expected rom-com bickering feel all the more artificial and forced , which is a shame when Binoche and Owen 's chemistry is anything but .
Darker shades dominate the latter half , shifting the tone and making the film feel both more authentic and more contrived , sometimes simultaneously .
From the opening frame to the closing credits it 's clear that Words and Pictures is not too concerned with either of its eponymous art forms .
At the center of the film 's appeal , though , are its two lead performances and the joy of watching these actors seemingly discover each other in real time .
What keeps the film humming along pleasurably despite these stumbles is the high energy of the two leads .
If a picture is indeed worth a thousand words , this review would be just a slfie of yours truly looking sad and confused as the credits for `` Words and Pictures '' played in the background .
That the couple have any charm is thanks to Owen and Binoche . In fact , it is hard not to hope that they 'll get another chance at romance some day - the actors , that is .
The story wants its hero to be a nice guy with problems , but he comes across as irresponsible , obnoxious , pedantic , a boor and a bore .
A romantic comedy filled with epiphanies about love and the ways in which the creative process can be revived by soulmates .
Shoots for vintage screwball and misses for lack of wit .
`` Words and Pictures '' has a host of flaws , but the performances by Mr. Owen and Ms. Binoche have a crackling vitality ...
Each combination of word and picture conjures something even stronger , as happens in memorable movies like Words and Pictures -- and with passionate couples like Marcus and Delsanto , who demonstrate the incandescent power of love and art .
In the end , the only question of consequence that the story poses is whether superior acting can prevail over inferior writing . The answer lies not in the stars .
If the text vs. image battle had merely remained in the background , that would be one thing , but the screenplay tediously brings it up over and over again , as though this were A Tree Falls in a Forest : The Movie .
-LSB- The -RSB- stars ca n't find the humanity beneath Di Pego 's dialogue , generate much romantic chemistry , or make their personal struggles feel like burdens instead of scripted complications they 're destined to overcome before the credits roll .
Owen makes Jack into such a mess that he casts everything into the zone of ambiguity . Does Owen know this ? Perhaps he does and is intentionally subverting the film .
A movie that 's a textbook case of not living up to its potential .
The charmingly self-destructive Owen and the spiky Binoche make an interesting match . . Fred Schepisi is an old pro who knows how to sand off the rough edges .
Owen 's performance as a man who values his own faux-sophistication even as he goes to seed overpowers Binoche , leaving the movie lopsided .
Aspiring to be an intelligent , sophisticated date-night offering , this romantic comedy-drama is torpedoed by artificial conflict and chronic cutesiness .
Clive Owen stumbles around the scenery doing unfortunate drunken-writer shtick in `` Words and Pictures , '' a formula movie whose script is yet more unfortunate .
Predictable as it is lovely , with disappointments , regrets and resolutions all thrown into the mix of an uplifting tale .
A rom-com that knows its demographic -- boomers coping with the heartache and natural shocks that flesh is heir to -- Words and Pictures is too earnest for its genre .
A well-cast , witty bore .
Amid its silly contrivances , the romance Words and Pictures manages to tap into middle-age regret , bitterness , and fears that the promise of youth has passed .
It 's not so much that the film has a stock plot -LRB- though it does -RRB- - it 's more how every single acting , dialogue , editorial , and directional beat plays as if the script were written using hack mad libs .
Owen and Binoche bring so much to the story as a whole that it 's hard not to be won over once it gets past the rom-com cliches we 've seen so many times before .
This time out , both the words and the pictures are surprisingly flaccid , largely due to Gerald DiPego 's literate but hopelessly contrived screenplay and direction that lacks Schepisi 's usual snap .
If it was n't for the charming top-liners who can make literary dialogue sound sexy in their sleep , the war in Fred Schepisi 's Words and Pictures would have to be called off after the opening skirmish .
At least the irony with which this transparently written and dispassionately aestheticized film so demagogically argues for the value of words and pictures is brutally convincing .
Fairly intriguing romance aside , this is a clever examination of the role taken by words on the one hand and pictures on the other .
Owen and Binoche expertly punch across the passion of their characters .
-LSB- Owen and Binoche -RSB- manage to create such intriguing , multidimensional and relatable characters that viewers will willingly follow their relationship to the very end .
An ill-fitting , occasionally awkward yarn that crackles at times -LRB- thanks to its charming leads -RRB- , but struggles to fire .

@highlight

While both talented performers in their own right , Juliette Binoche and Clive Owen are decidedly mismatched in Words and Pictures , and they are n't done many favors by the movie 's awkwardly constructed screenplay .