Greenfield 's affection for her subjects ensures that they never remain the victims of their own story for long - Jackie herself is ceaselessly likable despite her tone-deaf ditziness .
Be prepared to find yourself trying to find sympathy and compassion for the Siegels .
An ultimately haunting worst-case-scenario for Americans living beyond their means after the bottom dropped out .
A pretty effective warning shot across the bow of the one percenters .
Humanizes the upper one percent in a 100-percent entertaining way .
Strangely entertaining and revealing documentary about a culture obsessed with money and people aspiring to a life they ca n't afford . Greed is good once again if you can borrow enough money to consume all you desire . Mind the debt gap .
... their plight plays like the financial crisis in miniature . Or perhaps it 's in macro .
My problem with this riches to rags Americana story is that I felt no sympathy for the featured self-absorbed materialists .
If you 've ever wondered how that one percent of the richest lives , this film will show you how one family lives -LRB- they are probably back in the 99 percent now -RRB- , and it ai n't pretty .
Both the quintessential documentary about the Great Recession , and quite possibly the most Schadenfreude-filled movie of all time .
A documentary about a rich couple riding the waves of wealth and greed and then plunging downwards .
A powerhouse documentary , the film shifts from simply being a fly-on-the-wall look at material decadence and moral decay into a study of a family trying to hold itself together during a trying period .
a repetitive exercise in schadenfreude , and the Siegels do n't do much to alter that ... The Queen of Versailles leaves viewers with one feeling about the Siegels : Let them eat stale cake .
Documentaries are rarely as hilarious as this one . Well , the first half of it at least
-LSB- E -RSB- nds up an ever less slightly ungenerous look at the .01 percent than it might have been ... But this is still a brutal film from many angles .
One of the great unsayable truths about the American dream is that it is a bit of a Ponzi scheme ... our system admits a glimmer of hope that anyone , no matter how lowborn , can rise to the top .
Extremely funny and revealing ...
-LSB- Siegel -RSB- is now suing Greenfield for `` misrepresentation '' . Well , I know whose side I 'm on .
She epitomises a Western culture struggling to wean itself off debt .
Greenfield 's film is bathed in Florida sunshine , adding to the sensation that we 're watching Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous with a Marxist punchline .
Never has grotesque wealth looked so unenviable , or its removal been so entertaining , as in this garishly watchable riches-to-rags documentary ...
-LSB- Siegel -RSB- ultimately emerges as someone who belongs more in The Little House on the Prairie : ever cheerful , and triumphantly unimpeachable .
The temptation to be moralistic must have been overpowering , yet Greenfield finally manages to summon sympathy for people who at first seem vain , selfish and greedy .
Prepare to be shocked , disgusted and compelled .
In the end , these are human beings , not emblems - and it is this that makes this documentary one of the most watchable , for rich and poor alike .
It 's priceless .
A bizarre and mesmerising journey to the heart of Cloud Cuckoo Land .
It is a comedy that aspires to tragedy , and a metaphor for a nation collapsing beneath the incompatible , intolerable pressures of excess and inequity .
For all their garishness , the Siegels are pretty likable , even if attempts to make you sympathetic to their `` plight '' fall short .
It scores a lot of laughs at the Siegel 's bad taste and odd ways of adapting to their newfound misfortune . Thankfully , Greenfield also makes the Siegels sympathetic .
If you get some kind of sick kick watching the mighty take a fall , The Queen of Versailles will be nothing short of a schadenfreudic ball .
Seriously , if this was the American Dream , could n't we have come up with something better ?
It contains some useful information , I suppose , but I did not like these people , I hope never to meet them , and I wonder if the world would n't be a better place without them .
Watching Jackie fill cart after Walmart cart with crap the family does n't need is to witness the new millennium 's version of Marie Antoinette .
Can we feel sorry for super-filthy-rich rich people ? Maybe not . But we can be fascinated by their insane spending . Lauren Greenfield gains uber-access to the excess .
Although director Lauren Greenfield documents several instances in which it 's apparent that the Siegels ' lifestyle is so alien from the vast majority that they might as well call Mars home , she has n't set out to eat the rich .
Greenfield and her crew achieved extraordinary access to the Siegel 's lives , and one of the film 's pleasures is simply getting to visit a world that few of us will ever know .
Although it 's a guilty pleasure , `` The Queen of Versailles '' is artful enough that both the prosecution and the defense could invoke it when the peasants cry `` Off with their heads ! ''
At times the film feels aimless and inconclusive , but Greenfield 's open-minded and observational approach yields compelling details from every scene .
Taken at face value , The Queen of Versailles reveals nothing about the rich that is n't plainly evident on the E! Network . But its most surprising quality is also Jackie 's : endurance .
This rags-to-riches-to-almost-rags-again queen has an endearing knack for looking on the bright side . You find yourself , by the end , wishing her well .
`` The Queen of Versailles '' is funny , sad , infuriating , instructive . It 's the American Dream inflated to ridiculous extremes , until it bursts .
A portrait of the American Dream gone sour so absurdly engaging that you might be ashamed of enjoying it so much .
A ca n't - look-away cross between a Bergman drama and a `` Real Housewives '' spin-off .
The Queen of Versailles presents a fascinating case study of how the collapsing economy impacted the superrich . It will also likely drive anybody who is n't the superrich up the wall .
More than a social morality tale , this is a character study , with the title well chosen .
It would be easy to look at this with smug satisfaction , but director Lauren Greenfield is impassive .
Surely more topical -LRB- and essential -RRB- now than when it was conceived , The Queen of Versailles plays like a Christopher Guest parody of the financial crisis .
Watching `` The Queen of Versailles '' you do n't know whether to laugh or cry .
Whatever their crimes of bad taste , they had it , flaunted it , lost it , and lived to tell the tale .
`` The Queen of Versailles '' ought to be required viewing for anyone who blames the rich for yanking the rug out from under America 's economy .
The pride , gluttony and inexplicable romance in the tale are almost Shakespearean .
By the end , the movie has pulled off a small miracle : You become absorbed in the lives of these people for who they are and not what they own .
In director Lauren Greenfield 's tremendous documentary packed with terrific details , greed is not good . It is a slow , self-inflicted wound whose pain hits hard and fast .
What I left with was not hatred . I disapprove of the values they represent , but I also find them fascinating and just slightly lovable .
A well-told tale about having to atone for sins of the sub-prime era .
A tragicomic indulgence of schadenfreude with the sophistication of a Kardashian reality show .
The result is a rich portrait .
`` The Queen of Versailles '' turns out to be a portrait -- appalling , absorbing and improbably affecting -- of how , even within a system seemingly designed to ensure that the rich get richer , sometimes the rich get poorer .
A dysfunctional family documentary which invites the audience to take pleasure in the misfortunes of some decidedly-decadent 1 % ers .
Through a clear lens unclouded by politics or blame , it offers insight into the hazardous American practice of living beyond our means .
There are improbably involving human stories here .
There 's more going on here than classist derision , and the filmmaker uses her footage to try to sort out her feelings .
The Queen of Versailles combines the voyeuristic thrills of reality TV with the soul-revealing artistry of great portraiture and the head-shaking revelations of solid investigative reporting .
`` The Queen of Versailles '' is beautifully constructed and frequently uproarious .
It transforms from a mocking portrait of exorbitance into a sympathetic depiction of a family struggling with their own version of what most of us have gone through .
The paradox of wealth without refinement remains unexamined but emerges as a metaphor for the American Dream itself .
Extravagant yet surprisingly compassionate , it 's a unique chronicle of the collapse of the real estate market .
Compulsively watchable from start to finish , The Queen of Versailles chips away at the aspirational fantasy that drives those Bravo shows , slowly , steadily allowing reality to slip through the cracks .
Ultra-rich face financial crisis in teen-friendly docu .
A rise-and-fall story that will have you laughing and shaking your head - in pity , disgust and , occasionally , outrage - at the very same time .
Dig into your popcorn , and get ready for some snide schadenfreude .
The Siegels make the Kardashians and Donald Trump look like tasteful pikers when it comes to egregiously conspicuous consumption , sheer hubris and utter refusal to take responsibility for their actions .
Director Lauren Greenfield finds the pathos in an ultra-wealthy couple who willingly mortgaged their own future .
Director Lauren Greenfield 's timing turned out to be extraordinarily fortuitous in its depiction of how the mighty also fall , in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis .
The Queen of Versailles is the lucky case of a documentary where life intervenes and deepens the film in completely unexpected ways .
-LSB- An -RSB- excellent and unexpectedly nuanced documentary ...
It makes sense to find the director unwilling to walk away from such as a fascinating couple , resulting in a superb documentary and a powerful statement on the ugliness and delusion of greed .
It develops an almost mournful empathy for its subjects as they fall from great heights to merely impressive ones .
Captures the tone of the times with a clear , surprisingly compassionate eye .
I feel contempt for my contempt for these people . Whether that 's my problem or the film 's , I 'm not entirely sure , but I 'm leaning toward blaming Greenfield .
These are not horrible people , just ones who flung themselves enthusiastically toward the American dream as so many do .
Documentarian Lauren Greenfield caught lightning in a bottle with this one .
With every shopping spree , every limo ride to McDonald 's , Mrs. Siegel underlines the cliche that money can not buy you taste . Or class .
Every cutaway to their McDonald 's takeout bags or fluffy white puppies -LRB- there must be a dozen of them -RRB- emphasizes a bedrock tackiness that will convert your audience into a snorting gang of Marxists-at least for a while .
The film hardly feels hastily pasted together : Greenfield filmed long enough to document physical changes in her subjects .
Finds a way to incorporate the harsh realities -LSB- of the economic crash -RSB- into a movie that 's genuinely funny and entertaining , which is quite an achievement in itself .
Lauren Greenfield 's film evolves from an ode to entitled obliviousness to a more evenhanded character study , tracing the fault lines that develop within the Siegel family .
A stunning look at what happens to a rich person who gets greedy .
Through a focused chronicle of one marriage , the director conveys both the seductive and ugly aspects of unbridled ambition and American capitalism .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- There 's quiet satisfaction is watching the financial collapse of the Florida billionaire self-professedly `` personally '' responsible for George W. Bush 's `` illegal '' takeover of the White House in 2000 .
It 's like a champagne bath laced with arsenic .
For Greenfield , the Siegels are a brilliant metaphor for everything farkakte about the U.S. economy and the culture that shaped it .
Let them eat cake !
A fascinating , infuriating and poignant documentary .
Porn without penetration is sometimes how this doc impacts in its candid , unapologetic look at a once white-bread couple who vault to billionaire status and fall hard when the 2008 financial crisis hits .
This honesty and heart is what makes The Queen of Versailles so compelling .
Turns the `` Real Housewives '' formula upside down and it becomes possibly the least tragic epic tragedy ever constructed . ''
A fascinating and sobering documentary that tracks the unexpected impact of the financial crisis on one of America 's richest families .
An outrageous , despicable , guiltily hilarious and appropriately superficial good time .
Illuminating , oddly hilarious , ceaselessly watchable .
Greenfield 's fly on the wall view of obscene wealth punctured like a toy balloon is as current as a blog or a headline .
This timely and involving documentary elicits both sympathy and schadenfreude .
If the film intends to show that any of the Siegels have gained any wisdom from hardship , we do n't see it .
While in some ways the collapsing of the Siegels ' wealth may seem like commeuppance for their excessiveness , Greenfield has painted such a human portrait that Jackie , in particular , remains sympathetic , even when she is adding to her own tragedy .
Like a Theodore Dreiser novel for our time , infused with the vivid , vulgar spirit of reality TV . It often had the sold-out Eccles Center howling , but also has elements of profound tragedy and allegory .
The ironies pile up . But there is some pathos here too .
The Queen of Versailles will prompt loathing not only among the so-called 99 Percent , but among those in the top 1 percent who would like someone more sane to represent them on camera .

@highlight

The Queen of Versailles is a timely , engaging , and richly drawn portrait of the American Dream improbably composed of equal parts compassion and schadenfreude .