Ultimately feels more like a collection of cool anecdotes than a story .
Mesrine : Killer Instinct is a triumphant gangster film . It 's exhilarating throughout thanks to a masterful performance by Vincent Cassel and some expertly staged action scenes . Comparing this one to Goodfellas would not be a stretch .
Rollicking , epic , and the more riveting , more entertaining half of this two-part epic .
Four hours of French gangsters may not sound like a cinematic joy , but with Euro-star Vincent Cassel in the lead role , the movie is utterly hypnotic .
The effect of Richet 's hyperventilating filmmaking is akin to that of an extended-play trailer .
In the moment it 's thrilling stuff , but strung together over hours it becomes clear that -LSB- Richet -RSB- has absolutely nothing to say about Mesrine .
... crackles with tension and violence , driven by -LSB- Vincent -RSB- Cassel 's powerhouse performance .
This masterpiece combines the best of ` Scarface , ' ` The Godfather ' and ` Bonnie and Clyde ' . Vincent Cassel tackles the demanding lead role and is simply magnificent . There is no shortage of action , violence and ...
It may not capture the fullness of the man?s life , but it does effectively capture his presence .
It captures the rush of crime as a way of life for a man who did and took whatever he wanted , whenever he wanted , simply because he could take it .
... a stylish gangster flick with lots of action and a super cool , larger-than-life anti-hero at the center ...
French actor Vincent Cassel blows the doors off this bio .
A macho good time . The rebel without a cause finds out that wartime training with guns has its advantages .
As suave and stylish as its subject , the film is a tour de force of craft and performance , a portrait that captures the spirit of Mesrine in every frame .
Cassel 's magnetic performance is utterly wasted .
Despite the graphic violence , Cassell creates a memorable character , perhaps as memorable as the real man he portrays . Elena Anaya stands out as his mistreated wife .
Vincent Cassel deserves better scenery to devour .
The film around its riveting central performance may be a little more flawed than the entire project 's international reputation would have you believe but Vincent Cassel alone makes a trip to Mesrine : Killer Instinct worth the time .
To play this larger-than-life character , Richet casts a similarly magnetic performer , Vincent Cassel , an actor who combines the explosive intensity of a young Pacino with the slow-burning restraint of a young DeNiro .
The film offers a close , nostalgic approximation of classical Hollywood gangster cinema .
Cassel is a gifted actor , but he does n't have enough to grab on to . Read more : http://www.nydailynews.com/entertainment/movies/2010/08/27/2010-08-27_short_takes_mesrine_killer_instinct_highwater_centurion.html#ixzz0xq7eUPID
Meet the new `` Public Enemy . '' A French `` Goodfellas , '' `` Mesrine : Killer Instinct '' begins in the 1970s with what might be the end of the life of Jacques Mesrine -LRB- a magnificent Vincent Cassel -RRB- , France 's most charismatic criminal .
Cassel , who took the best actor award at France 's equivalent of the Oscars for this role , is compulsively watchable .
Much of it plays like an unintentional mash-up of the numerous wrong-side-of-the-law sagas that preceded it .
Lovers of car chases , shootouts , explosions and general mayhem will be turned on by director Jean-Francois Richet 's work .
The film is big and sprawling and moves with fiery energy -- there 's little or no exposition or explanation between scenes or episodes , yielding a breakneck pace .
The screenplay , by Richet and Abdel Raouf Dafri , is a superb work of condensation , amplification and imagination .
It 's a fine opportunity for an actor , and the wolfish Vincent Cassell seizes it .
A superb French gangster pic that will remind moviegoers of ` Bonnie and Clyde . '
By trying to cover everything the picture manages to make nothing -- especially Mesrine himself -- seem significant or interesting .
Richet 's film is an engaging one , even if it often plays like a re-enacted , high-episodic documentary .
An exhilarating old-school crime pic .
Mesrine : Killer Instinct is a true-life French gangster film so in awe of its subject that it ca n't fit the entire story into one film .
Cassel is convincing and riveting as Mesrine , which helps balance out the film 's problematic slick shallowness and disconnects .
Vincent Cassel sets a new standard for Gallic cool as the title character .
Some of the scenes contain an artful build-up to the explosive violence , some dispense with it without much ceremony ; it all starts to feel the same .
Performs the unlikely trick of being both taut and plotless .
Killer Instinct is generally fast-paced but the need to cram about 15 years of Mesrine 's life into less than two hours results in uneven patches .
Instantly gripping , with a powerhouse star performance , it 'll make you want to speed through the weeks to get to part two .
A bold and exciting cinematic tale of a well-known French criminal .
It 's director Jean-Francois Richet 's aim to demystify , and deromanticize Mesrine , perhaps the criminal life in general , and he succeeds .
Cassel is handsome yet ratlike , charming yet brutal .
Crisply assembled by director Jean-Francois Richet , the feature is a sprawling tale of violence , audacity , and desperation , funneled through an electrifying performance from star Vincent Cassel .
Cassel clearly is having the time of his screen life . His zest is infectious .
Violent and brash , as befits its subject ...
The acting is macho understatement .
Cassel delivers a cagey performance . He gives us a monster that we are both drawn to and repulsed by but we simply ca n't take our eyes off of him .
Vincent Cassel renders a towering performance as the legendary killer and media darling in the French crime gangster film , an epic of ambitious proportions .
The events may be accurate , but Mesrine is so episodic that it 's slightly maddening to watch .
Quite engrossing , very much like a cross between Spielberg 's Catch Me If You Can and a French ` Godfather '
Mesrine 's attempt to rival Hollywood crime movies ' magnum force -- either through B-movie precision or A-movie elaborateness -- fails .
A few notable set-pieces and the incredible performance by Cassel save Killer Instinct from the traps it sets for itself .
A fiercely elegant blend of thriller and character study , built around a French outlaw who is charismatic and captivating .
Are n't these guys supposed to be a lot more charming ?
No small problem , too , is that the film yields only a rudimentary sense of what it was like to live in France or Canada in the '60s and '70s if you were n't a gangster in a movie .
Forget `` The Red Riding Trilogy ; '' `` Mesrine '' casts a much longer shadow .
A spectacular performance by Vincent Cassel guarantees to keep us on the edge of our seat throughout this lengthy , but riveting true story about infamous French gangster .
may not be flawless , but it is a hugely engrossing portrait of an audacious criminal and the various circles that supported him . Cassel 's a knockout and De France really raises her game .
You know you 've got a really good bio-pic on your hands when it takes two movies to the tell the whole story .
While Mesrine : Killer Instinct ertainly deserves a place among memorable French gangster films , Richet never delivers a clear theme here , let alone a plot .
... a densely packed crime drama that ... is almost too much to absorb in one sitting .
Why are we watching this ? And what , in Little Caesar 's name , could possibly make us come back for Part II ?
A stylish , fast-moving but disappointingly superficial portrait of a gangster 's violent rise to infamy .
The film PUBLIC ENEMIES should have been . An incredible gangster tale full of ball-to-the-wall action !
Except for the brilliant performance of Vincent Cassel , this is deeply flawed movie . Like Refn 's `` Bronson '' , it assumes that the audience will be satisfied by unending brutality -- a false assumption . But Cassel is brilliant as a creep .
Director Jean-François Richet -LRB- Assault on Precinct 13 -RRB- is proof that Luc Besson is not the only French filmmaker taking his cues from an American playbook .
... succeeds as a Scorsese-esque bit of violent escapism .



@highlight

It 's undeniably uneven , but Vincent Cassel 's electrifying performance makes Mesrine : Killer Instinct a gangster biopic worth seeking out .