It 's one of the better videogame adaptations , up there with the original Silent Hill and , eh , Doom ?
An incoherent and disappointing sequel made exclusively for gaming fans .
It manages to not only contort itself into a form that is simultaneously convoluted and stupid but it also skilfully avoids any audience engagement despite a tumultuous whirl of spectacle and noise .
The demon-haunted West Virginia town still gives the creeps ... but this belated sequel proves to be only fitfully exciting and scary - mostly because the action stops every few minutes for yet another character to deliver reams of boring exposition .
There has to be someone out there who can make a successful video-game adaptation because faith is being lost year after year and Silent Hill : Revelation does nothing for the many unwavering believers .
Just how terrible is SH3D ? Well , at one point , writer-director Michael J. Bassett actually tries to scare you with a Kellogg 's Frosted Pop-Tart . No kidding .
Put this much effort into bringing your idea of Hell to the screen , film fans will start calling you Satan . And not in a good way .
I ca n't imagine anyone who has n't played the video game who would give a shout-out to the ` Silent Hill ' sequel .
It 's like going through a cheesy house of horrors at the local carnival . You want it to end , but not because it 's scary .
-LRB- ... -RRB- saturated with over-the-top sound effects . Did nobody realise that it 's called Silent Hill ?
It 's in too much of a rush , and tries to cram in so much plot that unless you 're familiar with the game it 's closely adapted from , chances are it will leave you baffled .
With Bean unable to save the unsavable , we 're left with waves of hard-working special effects trying to torture Heather instead of being able to enjoy a top star on form .
While Silent Hill : Revelation 3D may not allay your hankering for a solid story , it 'll definitely satisfy your blood-lust .
Ca n't even offer up the flashy production design that aficionados of the game liked about the Christophe Gans-directed original .
A sacrilegious adaptation of an excellent video game , Silent Hill : Revelation will infuriate gamers , and just confuse everyone else .
`` Come to Silent Hill '' reads a `` scary '' message left for teen damsel Heather . Hell , no .
I realize it 's called Silent Hill for a reason , but enduring this botched -LRB- video game-based -RRB- nightmare is like sleepwalking into the world 's dullest Halloween party .
The random , hectic storyline has little rhyme or reason , the unimaginative 3D feels like a rip-off and only Clemens seems to be taking this seriously .
The only solace is that there is no direct threat of a sequel .
More of the same , on a cut-rate budget , without Gans 's atmospheric reverie .
This mess makes no sense and plods along for 90 minutes throwing things at us that are neither scary nor contributing to the tale .
I would rather go to Hell than sit through that movie again .
Another horror franchise that needs to be terminated .
Part disturbing , part daft , thanks to an incredibly poor script -LRB- which makes no sense whatsoever -RRB- and some patchy performances , but the sequel 's striking cinematography ca n't be knocked .
Incomprehensible , ridiculously humorless horror fantasy .
Silent Hill : Revelation 3D is a sequel to the slightly less-mad horror film Silent Hill , both of them based on a video game . This makes it a rare triple-header of indications that this is not a film for the more mature moviegoer .
Radha Mitchell visits Sean Bean in a mirror cameo . ` Do I look fat in this mirror ? ' Radha asked . ` I would n't know , ' quipped Sean . ` This movie is n't reflecting well on anybody . '
Silent Hill : Revelation 3D is a mixed bag of creepy and downright captivating visual set-pieces coupled with melodramatic dialogue and an overly-complicated storyline .
`` Revelation '' is incredibly boring as well as totally baffling .
It 's a shame Silent Hill : Revelation suffers the same doomed fate as most modern horror movies , bumbling through a shockingly disconnected screenplay which strings together moments that could have been salvaged otherwise .
Unfortunately , the writing is so weak and comes up so short that all the striking imagery amounts to practically nothing .
Demonstrates what half the budget and twice the story can do to turn a fake nightmare into a real chore .
Set piece , set piece , exposition , set piece , boss fight , set piece , more exposition , boss fight , boss fight , open the door for another sequel , the end .
The good news for crummy-horror-movie fans is that there 's a whole lot more fun in this one since it 's dumber and shorter than the first entry .
The distinction between actors and special effects shrinks ever further in the video game-turned-horror film Silent Hill : Revelation 3D , which reduces its human players to plastic action figures in tired genre settings .
Silent Hill : Revelation 3D quickly devolves into a smorgasbord of sutured faces and blades poking the viewer in the eye .
It 's never a good sign when the trailers playing before a film have richer , more complete narratives than the feature you 've paid to see .
Silent Hill Revelation 3D is an inferior sequel in every way , shape and form , a horror sequel that fails to either intrigue or scare , and one that just might have killed the franchise cold-dead .
An ugly , assaultive collection of jump-scares .
Once the 3-D special effects look dated , this head-scratcher of a movie could be ripe to become a camp classic . But for now , the humorless approach to this inane mess is embarrassing rather than hilarious .
Silent Hill is not a place you want to go , and that applies for moviegoers as well as this videogame adaptation 's characters .
Let 's forget the fact that the demon killed everyone in the town in the first film because obviously the filmmakers did .
It confirms once again that with the notable exception of Scott Pilgrim Vs. The World , a film that feels like a videogame is never a positive development .
With horror altogether absent and a plot drowning in insipid convolutions , it 's a film whose early warning to Heather should be heeded : `` Do n't go to Silent Hill . ''
`` Do not go to Silent Hill ! '' That 's one of the first lines of dialogue , but by that point you 've probably already realized the magnitude of your mistake .
A cheaper , cheesier sequel that 's worse than its predecessor on every level -LRB- save being a half-hour shorter -RRB- and takes no special advantage of the stereoscopic process .
Silent Hill : Revelation fundamentally misunderstands the appeal its source material .
Stick with the games . At least in the games you can press `` skip '' when confronted with nine goofball dialogue scenes in a row .
Nothing is praiseworthy , but with such an absurd script , even the somewhat successful elements are rendered ridiculous .
As far as sub-literate , incomprehensible pieces of garbage are concerned , ` Silent Hill : Revelation 3D ' is one of the year 's best .
The biggest mystery about this quicky exploitation horror flick is not its father-daughter tale , which is structurally messy and ineptly helmed , but how it got such talented actors .
Only true devotees of the game are likely to recognize many of the figures on the screen , or care about a byzantine story stitched together from innumerable horror and fantasy shows .
It 's like watching a recording of someone else playing a video game . You have no control and you have nothing invested in the characters or the outcome .
A hobbled-together mess , high on style and low on substance , while emotional potency clocks in two degrees above freezing .
Hollywood , this is n't good enough . Silent Hill deserves better . Audiences deserve better . Video games deserve better . And frankly , the film industry deserves better .
There 's a bright young director behind Silent Hill : Revelation and a very strong cast to bring the story to life , but the movie is still terrible .
Revelation has no personality to speak of , with a reduced budget and limited directorial vision turning the potential for an atmospheric terror picture into a television melodrama with occasional bursts of macabre happenings .
This movie is highly stylized , beautifully rendered in spots , but a narrative mess . Fans of the game and previous movies should love this . Harington and Clemons are future stars .

@highlight

Mediocre effort even by the standards of video game adaptations , Silent Hill : Revelation 3D features weak characters and an incomprehensible plot with a shortage of scares .