Fraser appears insipid doing comedy ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sooner or later , you might be inclined to root for hapless predators like Sylvester the Cat or Wile E. Coyote because they are the underdogs and their prey are far more obnoxious than they are .
That even the kids in the audience did n't really laugh at all the hyperactive mugging and slapsticky animal nonsense pretty much tells you what an excruciating 91-minute endurance test this is .
The only saving grace of this wannabe Looney Tune ? The animals do n't talk .
Here is a film that does n't just scrape the bottom of the barrel , it demands that you lick it .
Almost as much of a relief as making it through to the end is realising earlier on that none of the creatures will be talking for the duration of the picture . This reduces the annoyance factor considerably for anyone over the age of nine .
Filled with pratfalls , slapstick and toilet humour , this furry nonsense with an eco-friendly message is harmless family fun .
If there 's an award for taking a great idea and strangling it to death with mediocre execution , this should get it .
Is there really such a paucity of live-action family films on offer that Furry Vengeance needs a release at all ?
Oh , the horror ! It 's the writers who deserve to be sprayed by skunks for giving us this stinker .
Oh , the horror ! It 's the writers who deserve to be sprayed by skunks for giving us this stinker .
If the idea of an angry raccoon attacking a spiteful person 's crotch leaves you helpless with mirth , this is the movie for you .
Fraser 's career may be dying hard with this vengeance ...
Fraser merece créditos pelo esforço e por não temer o ridículo . Por outro lado , isto não é desculpa para a atrocidade representada por este filme racista , mal dirigido e sem a menor graça .
People often ask reviewers to choose the worst film of the year so far . At last I have a cast-iron candidate .
Furry a bit mangy .
A feeble family comedy that really tests your patience .
Even by the low standards of live action funny animal movies , Furry Vengeance is a pretty bad film , the sort of low gag rate family flick that aims for generic suitable-for-all fun and satisfies no-one in the process .
Seemingly written to the tastes of underachieving five-year-olds , director Roger Kumble -LRB- `` Cruel Intentions '' -RRB- is hamstrung to create an even mildly entertaining children 's comedy .
There is an environmental message delivered along with the goofy mayhem involved in catching the fuzzy culprits . But fair warning : once inside the theater , the audience is trapped .
One of those sad little movies upstaged by its own vastly superior trailer .
Shields is not a natural comic performer , to say the least . Her face has the comic mobility and expressiveness of an Easter Island statue .
The film is hectoring enough to put the green movement back 100 years , and you end up wondering how many trees have been felled and air-miles flown to make this abject excuse for slapstick comedy .
The best thing you can say about Furry Vengeance is that it 's kid friendly -- provided , that is , the kids are under five and a touch slow .
Sophisticated it is n't , but there are some decent visual gags and Fraser is good fun as the man at war with nature .
Fraser 's lantern-jawed mugging becomes irritating all too soon , although younger viewers may get a kick out of the ingenious antics of skunks , raccoons and grizzly bears as they get the better of numbskull humans .
Not a good time . Seriously , really not a good time .
Goofball fun that will have kids -- big and small -- rolling in the aisles
Not a film where viewers will learn an awful lot , this is aimed fair and square at entertaining children and perhaps their parents ' inner children . In this aim , it succeeds .
Did they have to pad it out with so many repeated pratfalls and inconsequential guff ? It should play well enough with the under tens , mind .
If you only take your children to see movies like Up ... they 'll think every film is going to be fantastic . That 's not very good training for the disappointments of life , so Furry Vengeance does have one purpose .
Overall , it 's all a bit rubbish , but if you like Brendan Fraser 's big rubbery face then there 's chuckles to be had .
The animals steal Brendan 's clothes , wee and guff in his face and roll him downhill in a locked Portaloo . And it 's all pretty funny .
When you throw furry animals , silly slapstick and rubber-faced big-name stars at the screen , and you can still hear more children crying than laughing in the audience , you ca n't help but feel that they 've missed the point somewhat .
an experience in collective embarrassment % u2014 embarrassment for yourself , your fellow audience and the actors onscreen forced to take part in the movie 's wildly inept , bottom-of-the-barrel shenanigans .
Mind-rottingly reprehensible and vile -- not to mention stupefyingly unfunny and embarrassing .
Disappointing comedy that 's let down by a lazy script , some truly dreadful CGI effects and a lack of decent laughs , though undemanding young children will probably enjoy it .
This is not a film you will enjoy . I promise . Of course , there 's always the chance that there 's someone out there will like it , but that 's a risk I 'm willing to take . The odds are pretty great in my favor .
It 's Mother Nature against the Pillsbury Dough Boy !
The movie is both slack and dumb -- a trying combo -- and it 's heavily burdened with a big green message .
Furry Vengeance is heavy on eco-moralizing and poop jokes but a little short on likable two-legged characters .
Kids will probably enjoy the scenes with the animals getting the best of the humans , and they will all absorb the message that nature needs to be protected , All the bad acting and boring moments in the script will be overlooked .
There is nothing remotely entertaining , endearing or enjoyable about ` Furry Vengeance , ' a ghastly movie that has to be one of the year 's worst .
So few films are totally aimed at kids , and tearing this one to shreds is not pleasurable .
It is not , repeat NOT , for anyone whose age is approaching double-digits
It 's hard to watch Brendan Fraser do the slapstick required for a role better suited to someone like Jim Carrey or Will Ferrell .
Brendan Fraser should know better . Then again , his career choices continue to insist that he does n't .
The end credits cast sing-along to a cover of ` Insane in the Brain ' completes the litany of idiotic filmmaking choices that made the whole thing so unwatchable to begin with .
Witless and wince-inducing -- a slapstick misfire of epic proportions , even by downwardly adjusted expectations of movies in which anthropomorphized animals do battle with humans .
Brendan Fraser : Human being or cartoon character ?
Furry Vengeance is a collection of feeble jokes in the service of green themes . Sustainability never looked so stupid .
Furry Vengeance is billed as a comedy , but I doubt it 'll make you laugh . It might , however , cause you to weep for Brendan Fraser .
The paradox here is that the message of respect for animal life is outweighed by the lack of respect for human beings .
Furry Vengeance is unbearable . -LRB- Actually , the bear 's performance is pretty good . -RRB-
Furry Vengeance would be innocuous enough if only it did n't look as though no effort was made to expand the images past the storyboard phase .
Simply dire .
... unfunny trash ...
Sometimes , movies of this nature are quite funny -- Gore Verbinski 's Mouse Hunt comes to mind -- but usually they are not . This one is n't .
Timber ! This eco-themed family film falls flat .
Furry Vengeance is one of the worst films I have ever seen .
Even the obligatory blooper reel that runs during the closing credits is painful in its desperation to generate laughs .
Imagine Alfred Hitchcock 's The Birds as a children 's comedy , and you have a rough idea of the excruciatingly unfunny Furry Vengeance , which keeps slamming the audience over the head with a single joke .
Kids will lose their minds at the sight of Fraser in a skin-tight pink tracksuit with the words `` Yum Yum '' on his sizeable backside . Parents will sigh and eat popcorn .
Even calling it a family flick is to run the risk of guiding families toward it by mistake .
The plot of Furry Vengeance is identical to that of the animated Over the Hedge , but what Furry lacks in originality it makes up for in cleverness .
How embedded has Earth Day become in our culture ? It now gets its own inane Hollywood movie to mark the occasion .
The whole movie feels extrapolated from the five-second clip of a scheming chipmunk on YouTube , bulked out with shots of Fraser being thwacked with some generic crunch noise and falling backwards with his feet in the air .
Not since Antichrist has a man suffered so greatly at the tiny , grabby hands of God 's creatures . Nature is not our friend , kids , and it 's not to be disrespected or underestimated .
Brought to you by Participant Media , makers of Food , Inc. and The Cove . Next time , guys , give a hoot and do n't pollute the multiplex . Save the children . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
... it seems the animals have already taken their revenge on any humans unfortunate enough to see this film .
Parental Content Review
Normally , I try to find something good to say about each movie I review . Dear readers , I am speechless .
So obnoxious , so inept , so vile , so distasteful , and so unfunny it should successfully act as repellent for all viewers outside of humanoid sewer dwellers who have never seen a movie before and may be attracted to the sight of moving images .
Perhaps the gods -LRB- and monsters -RRB- are pissed at Brendan Fraser , and they 're wreaking career vengeance with this slapsticky disaster about woodland creatures defending their turf . But what did we ever do to deserve this ?
It 's silly stuff , riddled with the predictable bodily function humor and humiliation of adults that kids seem to love .
This coarse family film is an insult to sentient families . Purporting to encourage conservation and the love of animals , it 's a slight to true environmentalists and , heck , even an affront to animals .
Fraser has never been more `` doofus-y '' than in this moronic humiliation comedy , which actually gets dumber as it goes .
Even by the modest standards of kiddie-friendly family fare , `` Furry Vengeance '' is an insult to the intelligence of a 6-year-old .
In its cretinous fashion , Furry Vengeance is almost impressive . Here 's a pro-nature , anti-development family comedy that appears to be made by and for people who never leave the mall .
This godawful excuse for family entertainment could have delivered a good eco message to kids , but instead it contents itself with rolling its lead around in an upended porto-potty .
dumb as dirt
While it might have worked at the three-minute length of a Loony Tunes short , when dragged out to ninety the movie will test the patience even of the kids .
Furry Vengeance is fundamentally about Brendan Fraser getting beat up by creepily anthropomorphized animals . Proceed at your own risk .
Even before Brendan Fraser is blasted in the puss with skunk spray , ` Furry Vengeance ' stinks
No animals may have been hurt in this production , but Brendan Fraser was .
Even professional judgment as faulty as Fraser 's ca n't explain his presence in this fleabitten fiasco .
Previously known as ` Horribly Embarrassing Brendan Fraser Project . '
I 'm not convinced that repeated assaults to the groin , bee stings to the eyes , raccoon pee in the mouth , or skunk stink sprayed head to toe is the way to teach ecological balance .
A stupid , mean-spirited little movie that ranks down there with the worst in recent memory . Distant memory , too .
Forever positioning himself as Hollywood 's jester , Fraser pads up for another odyssey of slapstick and genital trauma in Furry Vengeance , an odious , chintzy , and soul-flattening promenade into sadistic wackiness .
Snicker all you want at the unfortunate title of director Roger Kumble 's horrible family film , for that 's the only thing funny about it .
Director Roger Kumble began his big-screen career with a clever Dangerous Liaisons set in high school , Cruel Intentions , and worked his way down to College Road Trip and now this .
The animals here do n't talk ; that 's the movie 's one saving grace .


@highlight

A thin premise stretched far beyond serviceable length , Furry Vengeance subjects Brendan Fraser -- and the audience -- to 92 minutes of abuse .