While Goldthwait 's heart is in the right place , it 's unlikely the blood spilled in his film will make annoying , loathsome people finally straighten ... up .
Goldthwait 's bile may be cathartic , but it also feels a bit cheap .
It takes dead aim at the culpability of hate-mongering politicians , the religious right and reality TV stars in making the United States the meanest , rudest country in the world .
A brilliant , fearless , and merciless indictment of American culture , and how we 've become the lowest common denominator
Bobcat Goldthwait 's God Bless America works well as a black comedy and as a satirical look at pop culture and human behavior .
It 's an intriguing satirical idea , and it works very effectively in places , while being tremendously didactic and heavy-handed in others .
Sicko one-trick pony film , whose black comedy is tiresome and mostly unfunny .
Enjoyable , over-the-top , and nowhere near as black as the premise sounds , God Bless America is essentially an extended comic op-ed piece .
It 's a wonderful movie , spoofing and shooting all the worst things about our failing civilization , from the Tea Party , to vicious talk show hosts ...
If you can take that premise , I think you 'll go along with the film and it 's really , in its very weird way , quite funny .
It 's not that you do n't sympathise with the characters ' sentiments it is , though , that you ca n't actually go along with their agenda .
Gory , unfunny satire that deserves a prize for the most strained provocation of the year .
God Bless America opens strong but finishes with a preachy bludgeoning .
Though hilariously funny and luridly hypnotic , God Bless America is quite possibly the angriest and saddest film of the last ten years .
A sobering comedy , a darkly comic tragedy and a socially valuable scream that demands our attention -LRB- and that of the Americans -RRB- . He shows that deep down , for all the whoops of God Bless America across the nation , it 's actually ` godless America '
Although it promises much , the film ultimately fails to deliver the substance , with the stream of deadly bullets making a goddamn mess but never quite hitting the artery
For a movie that purports to be a statement about how mean-spirited and crass we 've become , Goldthwait has no qualms piling on . Blowing a baby away with a 12 gauge - real or imagined - is about as bottom of the barrel as it gets .
... any film that has the balls to show an incessantly crying baby being blown away with a shotgun will always , unequivocally , get my vote .
-LSB- Goldthwait 's -RSB- shown he has a knack for writing films with strange lead characters whose morals you will question , but whose exploits you will want to follow to the end .
God Bless America is most effective as a big , loud ` f *** you ' to those responsible for breaking the spiritual back and socio-political might of a great empirical democracy ; the joke being that those responsible are the movie 's key demographic .
Murray and Barr make for winning platonic chemistry even when Frank suspects himself of impure thoughts . Goldthwait holds his nerve as the film shifts from ennui to malevolent gleefulness .
Embora não seja engraçado como acredita ser , a honestidade do roteiro em sua frustração com a futilidade contemporânea é algo refrescante em meio a tantos projetos sem personalidade ou ponto de vista .
This black comedy is directed by Bobcat Goldthwait , who miraculously makes the two characters sympathetic . How he does that is still a mystery to me . `` God Bless America '' makes me feel most uneasy . But , it 's hard not to watch .
God Bless America is a modern-day parable ... It 's not always easy to watch , but it 's got a lot to say . Just be prepared to have your worldview challenged .
There 's something disingenuous about this being made by a filmmaker whose claim to fame was appearing in Police Academy 2 , Hot to Trot and Shakes the Clown . But I 'd be lying if I did n't admit that there 's something cathartic about it .
Somehow the shoddiness of the film-making and the flatness of the writing dilute the anger and inspire a numbing tedium .
A combination of blatant shock tactics and poignant , pin-sharp verbal tirades from its lead that are rendered darkly amusing , or you would cry with despair at the apparent truth .
The movie has the courage of its convictions all the way up to the closing credits .
It does take a sledgehammer to crack a walnut and eventually falls victim to the law of diminishing returns but it does n't pull its punches and is often outrageously funny .
While the satire works at times the jokes wear thin and there are moments of really bad taste .
The satire feels hand-me-down and weak , and Goldthwait is firing blanks .
The new film 's fire-power is too sloppy , too wide-spread ; it barely scathes even the easy target of an American television talent show complete with Simon Cowell clone .
Goldthwait targets today 's mixed-up and decidedly shallow celebrity culture with one of the sharpest scripts this year .
I sympathize with its attitudes ... But Goldthwait -- as writer and director -- does n't know what to do with this except rage incoherently and ineffectively at the state of the world ...
An excellent film that picks up where its predecessors left off , blazing trails for a new era of American satire . What it lacks in delicacy it makes up in energy , drive and hilarity .
An entertaining black comedy that takes some satisfying pot-shots at some very deserving targets , but the script quickly leaves itself with nowhere to go and the second half is disappointing .
Go for the spot-on rant about Diablo Cody , but stay for the chaotic , vital commentary on a noxious cultural milieu .
God Bless America is an angry film , with some good points and plenty of amusing satire , but it 's ultimately bogged down by dull pacing and way too many rants and monologues .
Goldthwait shows a knack for pin-pointing the sulphurous hues within the kaleidoscopic rainbow of alienation and frustration , but has sadly failed to paint any of them black .
Its jubilant anarchism intermittently excites , there 's a smattering of well-executed gags and the cathartic violence set to euphoric tunes offers some -LRB- extremely -RRB- bad taste satisfaction .
Sharp on the fallibility of human foibles and sometimes stingingly funny , too .
It 's the kind of cuckoo premise that director Bobcat Goldthwait -LRB- World 's Greatest Dad -RRB- excels at ...
Like Kevin Smith 's blistering Red State , this film scythes through the mindless degradation of the American media .
The problem with the film is that it starts at such a lethal pitch there is nowhere believable it can build toward .
We 're left with the simple joys of seeing annoying tube celebs and homophobic religious haters being murdered . That 's not enough .
Sometimes the truth is n't so fresh , but it 's all we have .
Despite a pervasive one-dimensionality , its bold message is well-delivered -- and frankly , hard to debate .
It 's about a terminally ill man who decides that if he is going to die , he is going to grab a gun and take a whole bunch of obnoxious people with him .
`` God Bless America '' offers a few laughs and a moment or two of drama , but it 's finally more of a conceit -- and a familiar one -- than a film .
Much like Super , the movie is a brazen middle finger pointed at the status quo , speaking to who we might possibly be if we took the time to turn down the volume and communicate with one another as if we did n't have cell phones glued to our ears .
Anyone who has ever been fed up by the vacuous nature of modern pop culture should no doubt enjoy living vicariously through Frank and Roxy 's exploits in God Bless America .
You 'll laugh and be offended , but if you watch it and do n't want to be part of the solution , you 'll know which side of the line you 're on .
-LSB- I -LSB- n a culture of outrage , where even non-events are peeled apart by an army of amateur and professional complainers , Goldthwait has missed the boat .
It 's jawdroppingly hilarious ! You 'll laugh , but then will feel guilty for laughing . I love movies that make me uncomfortable . Remember how dark HEATHERS was ? Well , this is 10 times darker !
Goldthwait 's razor-tongued script contains some choice rants and clever reality TV send-ups before settling for a predictable finale .
A wonderfully sharp , funny film that fights tooth and nail against what is considered de rigueur behavior in modern life .
Star Joel Murray is SO good and Bobcat finds the sharp edge of his satirical gift often enough to warrant a look .
This is no simple wish-fulfillment revenge fantasy . It 's an indictment of us as viewers and tacit supporters of the cultural trash heap .
The film features elaborate -LRB- and spot-on -RRB- parodies of mean-girl reality shows , YouTube nonsense and fatuous news reports but the people are thin and the plot meanders a bit .
It 's dark , and wo n't be everyone 's cup of tea . But I liked it and give Goldthwait props for having the guts to make a film like this .
This funny , sick twist of social satire is certainly locked and loaded , even if its aim is sometimes off .
The real problem is there 's just not enough plot on which to hang the message that mean people suck .
Goldthwait presents an ironic dichotomy : In his fervor to rail against multiple examples of media missteps , the filmmaker unintentionally delivers a mistep of his own .
In this `` Falling Down '' of pop-cultural observation , Goldthwait forgets the thrill of the chase ; he 's more concerned with piercing verbal barbs than actual suspense .
A stark vision of American civilization crumbling amid a morass of loud , cacophonic nonsense .
Leave it to the guy whose first film was about an alcoholic , womanizing clown to make you question the morality of our world .
Mr. Goldthwait 's screenplay is essentially a comedy act fleshed out with a story he does n't try to make convincing .
This movie 's idea of topical satire is to score points off of My Super Sweet 16 and legendary American Idol reject William Hung . Timely !
Through it all , the film never comes up with a way to convince us Murray 's behavior has any internal logic .
Bobcat Goldthwait 's bracing new black comedy ...
Goldthwait 's ranting dialogue is stingingly funny and Murray and Barr are so agreeable you may find yourself rooting for `` the bad guys . ''
Given that the movie starts out in such interesting fashion , it 's hugely disappointing to see it devolve so lazily into a generic vigilante fantasy .
You can sympathize with Goldthwait 's outrage here , even laugh at some of his jokes , and still wonder whether he 's decrying the decline of our culture , or contributing to it .
An overly bleak film ready to write off the world and go down in a blaze of gunfire , both middle fingers raised .
Interesting , sometimes kind of fun but , ultimately , not as satisfying as it might have been .
`` God Bless America '' has a whole lotta `` Taxi Driver '' in it , and some `` Network , '' and some `` Heathers '' -LRB- with Barr functioning as Christian Slater in the equation -RRB- , and even some `` Kick-Ass . ''
Disturbing and often very funny ... possesses a daring point of view connecting rude pop culture and citizens losing grip on common courtesy .
Goldthwait aims at a lot of easy targets . But he knocks them down without breaking much of a sweat , like a grown man punching bullies on the elementary school playground .
Broad , mean , with inconsistent political aims and uneven performances .
Goldthwait 's primary strength as a writer-director has been in starting with outrageous , high-concept hooks that develop into subtler , more perceptive studies of human nature .
Here is a film that begins with merciless comic savagery and descends into merely merciless savagery . But wow , what an opening .
Who might have guessed that a mid-range comic whose heyday was in the late - '80s / early - '90s would turn out to have such a sharp , merciless vision as a filmmaker ?
Bobcat Goldthwait 's new movie is a burlesque that turns into a harangue that turns into a rampage .
-LSB- It -RSB- turns in on its own morality like a Möbius strip , endorsing kindness by practicing slaughter , and pulls us along for the ride .
Murray 's sad sacked decency and Barr 's profane enthusiasm ricochet off each other in delightful and complex ways and their performances may be the filmmaker 's greatest achievement here as he writes his amusing idea into a corner .
When the monotonous squib-popping subsides , the movie is often static and talky , lapsing into criticism-hedging qualifications and anti-everything speechifying .
... is n't as smart as it would like to think it is .
The movie is the kind of undercooked satire that might be mistaken for meaningful by the midnight-madness crowd ; let 's hope Goldthwait the stealth smartie returns posthaste .
Semi-comic fantasia of violence against vapid pop culture ca n't do justice to its own ideas .
A lot of what God Bless America has to say is on-target and is presented in such a straightforward , unvarnished fashion that it 's impossible to miss the honesty beneath the comedy .
By wholeheartedly taking its main characters 's side instead of complicating or censuring his homicidal vigilante crusade , it proves inanely one-note and preachy .
Viciously funny ; takes no prisoners as it spray-paints Goldthwait 's disdain across a brutal depiction of a pop-culture landscape that deserves this kind of sharp-edged satire .
Sick and twisted , but Frank and Roxy give off such a sense of sincerity and passion , it 's easy to both laugh with them and oddly take them seriously .
It is n't a bad movie , but it 's a step back from the more daring material Goldthwait 's been doing ...
The violence is abrupt , bloody and ... funny .
If the movie does n't hang together as a whole piece , there are a number of individual scenes that are strikingly on-point in their mixture of humor and rage ,
Murray and Barr have fun with the tart dialogue , and despite the flimsy premise and the derivativeness -LRB- Goldthwait lifts whole scenes of Taxi Driver -RRB- , it might be Goldthwait 's best film to date .
Even for a filmmaker who 's made pictures about bestiality , autoerotic asphyxiation , and alcoholic clowns , God Bless America still manages to astonish with its audacious content and ballsy execution .
It never amounts to much more than a one-dimensional piece of revenge fantasy that is n't any better than the subjects it 's satirizing .
Sometimes you get the feeling Goldthwait is just making a list of the people he could do without , which is funny and makes you nod your head but does n't add up to much .
An energetic fantasy that favors capital punishment for all of our society 's vulgarities .
Darkly comedic , subversive , rage-filled and infinitely charming . I have n't quite laughed this hard since Bobcat Goldthwait 's last movie , World 's Greatest Dad .
a reassuring reminder that there are people who value basic human decency and consideration of others , albeit articulated through the angry voice of a person who would not accept the crude indifference of `` f**k you '' for an answer .
We may be ready to crown Goldthwait as the modern Frank Capra for the America that we have created .
Easy to like but difficult to love ...
God Bless America is exactly the kind of comedy we need . It 's funny in an incredibly dark way , but it also turns a critical eye on the many problems within our society .
If you have any complaints about current American culture , this is a comedy for you .
While it starts out well , Bobcat Goldthwait 's black comedy struggles to maintain focus as it turns into a road trip of diminishing rewards in satirical and narrative terms .
Full of punchy energy and a sense of catharsis about getting away from all the stupid places pop culture can take us .


@highlight

A darkly comic polemic on modern culture , God Bless America is uneven and somewhat this but the ideas behind this revenge fulfillment journey has primal appeal .