Near perfect anime ...
Warm and engaging , this has its cutesy moments and crazy Van Gogh-inspired time-travel fantasy visuals but remains appealingly grounded in relatable , sublimated adolescent fears of growing up .
This charming , visually fertile film captures the conflicted emotions of first love and embarrassment of being a teen with real sensitivity .
Only seventeen Lord of the Rings-esque endings spoil the fun , but this sweet take on teen-angst romance quietly impresses .
Beautifully-drawn Japanimation about a time-hopping schoolgirl , by turns wondrous and a little too hyper .
The characters are entirely credible and likable , the simply drawn figures highly effective against the lush background artwork . Time travel has rarely seemed so joyous .
It 's a polished piece of whimsy . Creepy too in the way it promotes a homogenised picture of the future .
It 's not quite up there with the best of Miyazaki 's coming-of-age dramas featuring the likes of Kiki and Chihiro/Sen , but Hosada has proved himself after his Ghibli debacle . Great stuff .
Superior animé caper comedy with wit , energy and mad invention to spare .
It has few fireworks , but still sticks in the mind , and is a definite upgrade from Digimon : The Movie for director Mamoru Hosoda .
This is one of the most thoughtfully engaging anime features to reach these shores , and a perfect place to start for anyone , of any age , who 's been resistant to anime -LRB- and manga -RRB- as a popular Japanese import .
While the animation is only so-so , Mamoru is a good storyteller with a firm grasp on both the story and characters .
What makes The Girl Who Leapt Through Time such an unexpected treat is the contemplative pace and painterly visuals .
Tweens and early teens , as well as anime fans , will enjoy this .
Young-adult in conception and execution , this award-winning animated romance with a Thanatos twist is an underdeveloped sci-fi Groundhog Day .
It 's basically the equivalent of a sensitively wrought read from the Young Adult shelf , and there 's naught wrong with that .

@highlight

An imaginative and thoughtfully engaging anime film with a highly effective visual design . This coming-of-age comedy drama has mad inventiveness to spare .