For an ` adventure movie ' full of quirk , King of California can feel a bit flat .
ypotonikis ekdohis toy National Treasure -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , poy aromatizetai katatonia aneksartitoy amerikanikoy , komple me to flyaro voice over gia ypokatastato tis afigisis kai liges ksekoyrdistes country hordes sti moysiki ypokroysi gia to sosto feeling
` The King of California ' is an easily-entertaining film that features two bravura performances . Douglas plays the character of the loony treasure-hunter Charlie with zest , passion , comedy and , well , hyperactivity - its Jack Colton post-drugs , if you will
... one of those efforts that 's destined to improve on subsequent viewings .
It 's barely distinguishable from the many other independent films about eccentric people who do odd things , but hey , it ai n't bad .
Quirky dramedy mixes humor and mature themes .
The clunky King of California leaves you with all the satisfaction of hitting caliche in your backyard .
The story is simple , sometimes to a fault , and ultimately Cahill does n't quite pull off all of the majesty that he attempts . But , I 'm excited to see what he 'll come up with next .
The most remarkable thing about King of California is how the characters grow on you , and how their quixotic quest becomes ours .
As scripted and directed by Mike Cahill , King of California reveals itself to be a moving , bemusing gem embellished by standout work from Douglas and the habitually marvellous Evan Rachel Wood .
The performances by Michael Douglas and Evan Rachel Wood are the highlight of this comedy-drama .
King of California means to be the jewel in the crown of indie-flick quirkiness , but it 's really just a bauble with ambition .
The film is really at its best when it 's dealing with the dysfunctional father-daughter relationship . Douglas and Wood 's believable character dynamic certainly helps .
Michael Douglas is getting all the praise ... but Rachael Evan Wood is just as good ...
-LSB- A -RSB- small but cuddly film .
The success of those sequences only underline how good the film might have been if it was n't so busy trying to be cute .
Writer-director Mike Cahill explores Charlie 's foolishness with funny-sad fondness .
Rambunctious and rousing from beginning to end , the hugely entertaining King of California offers Michael Douglas his best role since Traffic .
Intermittedly entertaining if mostly contrived .
While the project certainly has its clever aspects , the bulk of the credit goes to Douglas .
... perfectly genial and agreeably modest character piece .
This is a strong effort by first time writer/director Mike Cahill that will keep you bemused for its idiosyncratic voice .
... Cahill wins me over with this poignant depiction of a tender father-daughter relationship .
A flaky , tedious , intermittently likable fable about being crazy in a crazy world .
This movie requires a little patience to appreciate it , but for me , Evan Rachel Wood -LRB- and the final plan -RRB- made this worth the wait .
The treasure of the film is the unearthing of the family bond , magically played by Douglas and Wood .
There 's so little authenticity between them , it destroys the story 's most crucial element : the love between father and daughter . And finding the gold becomes our only reason to watch .
Without Douglas , I can not imagine this film being anything but sour sentimentality .
It just falls flat every step of the way .
However much Douglas might have savored making it , this King deserves no royal welcome .
Too quirky for its own good .
The script is insightful and has Miranda narrate profoundly throughout .
King of California gets an ` A ' for effort -- as well as for its fine lead performances -- but the movie just never rises above a trying premise and an unconvincing narrative .
Douglas is hurling all of his oddball ticks and psychotic charms into a vacuum .
The product placement is so egregious that it actually nurtures Cahill 's theme of treasure lurking just beyond the crapola of American life . Unfortunately , that 's also the theme of The Price Is Right .
The film , in its own off-center way , is worth seeing , if only because of the zealotry of the Douglas performance and the pluck of Evan Rachel Wood .
Douglas dives into the role with all the disheveled hair he can muster . Like his character , he 's searching for gold .
Has so many deliberately designed details that the movie feels like it was created in a film festival laboratory .
A vacuous and boring tale about an outrageous quest for lost treasure .
Unfortunately , first-time director Mike Cahill spends an inordinate amount of time dealing with the nuances of the hunt and caper and , even with his attempts to add in a dash of comedy , he ca n't redeem this aspect of the project .
Though their crazy-parent/sensible-child dynamic seems a little warmed-over , their whimsical mission , slight though it is , gives the film an oddly compelling sense of purpose . With Douglas leading the charge , anything 's possible .
Wood is excellent , but this is a career highlight for Douglas .
As a writer , Cahill is more interested in character and storytelling , and his film unfolds in clean , uncomplicated takes .
This weak script would not have been filmed if it had n't been for Douglas ' weakness for acting as nutty as a Snickers bar .
This is mighty tricky territory , and Cahill deserves major credit for keeping the story from becoming mawkish or twee .
-LSB- A -RSB- strange , funny and sad story .
Michael Douglas clearly enjoys himself while Evan Rachel Wood looks appropriately exasperated throughout King of California . My sympathies were with her .
Moviegoers will delight in excavating the strata of motifs in King of California .
Breezy , loose-jointed .
It 's true and even good that some movies can be about two or more subjects , but King of California ca n't really figure out what even one of those is ...
Like the character Douglas plays you may have to search to see this hidden gem yourself , but its well worth the hunt .
Michael Douglas plays the year 's most lovable cuckoo .
Hard to tell what 's more annoying in this empty character study of eccentrics and the suckers who love them : the braying , blurting soundtrack or Douglas himself , who ca n't find his way into a man tortured by dull demons .
In this surprisingly fresh handling of indie quirk , an unstable , jazz-musician father -LRB- Michael Douglas -RRB- enlists his long-suffering , teenage daughter -LRB- Evan Rachel Wood -RRB- in a search for Spanish gold buried under a banal Costco .
Good things happen when Michael Douglas exposes his edges to the elements and smudges his screen persona with thick dollops of shadow .
Winking story of a mentally ill father on a quest for lost gold in southern California with his reluctant daughter is n't quite as cute as it thinks it is .
King of California proves light on its feet but often less funny or wise than it purports to be , its air of self-satisfaction partially interfering with its genuine insights .
Owes a great deal to -LSB- Sideways -RSB- , in terms of style and theme , but the plot and characters of Cahill 's fable are fresh , and their capricious charms wholly their own .
Mike Cahill focuses on the magic worth finding between a father and daughter . That 's why the film sticks with you . It 's a gift .
As an adventure-obsessed father released from asylum , Michael Douglas renders a wonderfullly eccentric and manic performance in a feature that should serve as a companion piece to Wonder Boys , his previous high as actor .
Michael Douglas with his giant crazy man stare and beard to match is quite funny .
A sweet-natured exploration of a father and daughter seeking elusive harmony .
-LSB- Douglas -RSB- is a manic joy , and Wood manages to hang on for the ride .





@highlight

A quirky and often touching comedy about a mature teenager and her manic depressive father , King of California is a charming tale of familial relations and treasure hunting .