On paper , there is a lot of reasons for me to like Gemini : the mystery premise , the quality talent , the LA noir-ish setting . And , do n't get me wrong , this is not a bad movie , but at the same time , I am not sure I will remember it next week .
It 's the cinematic equivalent of a selfie .
Witty , well-acted and knowing noir about a murder in LaLa Land .
Gemini feels like the first draft of a movie that could have been developed into something more resonant .
Although rife with wry nods to familiar tropes and meta-commentary on the making of mysteries , Gemini is not so much an ironic perversion of the genre as a woozy , Instagram-y evocation .
The word `` beguiling '' came to mind throughout .
Although it has a modern visual style and a mise en scène more in tune with The Neon Demon and Mulholland Drive , Aaron Katz 's very enjoyable Gemini is one of the most laid-back Los Angeles mystery films since Robert Altman 's The Big Goodbye .
Writer/director Aaron Katz 's Gemini is an engaging modern noir , until it completely falls apart with the revelation of its central mystery .
A slow - and I mean ssslllooowww - murder mystery ...
Kirke , so wonderful in `` Mistress America , '' and Cho , of the underappreciated `` Columbus , '' are endlessly fascinating to watch , but the gossamer-thin material underserves them .
It starts suggestively and enigmatically , then straightens-and flattens-everything out , including the emotional and moral landscape of its characters .
-LSB- Aaron -RSB- Katz 's longtime cinematographer Andrew Reed renders the L.A. nightscape in forbidding blues , purples , and shades of crimson that visually , at least , recall early Italian maestros Bava and Argento .
-LSB- Kirke -RSB- possesses an endearing , thoroughly non-actressy quality . She feels completely real and unrehearsed , like she 's saying the lines for the first time .
It is among the emptiest movies I 've ever seen , beginning with a production design filled with sets in roomy designer houses with no personality whatsoever -LRB- and that 's probably the point -RRB- .
Kirke , and her character , make an impression .
With it 's social commentary and star-making turn from Lola Kirke , Gemini makes for a fresh take on the murder mystery .
-LSB- Writer/director Aaron Katz -RSB- manages to flip the script by casting women in action-packed roles traditionally reserved for men in this genre , while delivering a satisfying twist that makes Gemini one of the must-see films of the season .
It 's a variation on a formula laced with a hipster-ish vibe that keeps undercutting itself with bitterness and bemused dread : Forget it , Jake , it 's Silverlake .
Although the resulting mystery is less intriguing than the unsettling atmosphere that surrounds it , the screenplay probes the aftermath of tragedy in fresh ways .
Gemini is a shimmering puzzler that begins with an act of Land Ho ! - esque palling-around before warping into an unlikely detective story in the Cold Weather vein .
There 's a ghostly aura over Katz 's L.A. , even in broad daylight ; the city feels thick with the possibility of double lives .
Gemini is cut from neo-noir cloth , following in the footsteps of some of the best in the genre .
There is no doubt that the film is more than just a monochromatic Pinterest mood board . And yet , it does n't really push things to the next level , either .
Gemini is a decent little thriller that 's been spruced up by a very impressive Instagram filter .
Gemini feels like an homage to L.A. noir films of the past and is more concerned with being a wink and a nudge rather than its own property .
What does it mean when a movie 's setting is so rapturously rendered that its characters , its plot and even the merest whiff of suspense evaporates into a haze ? In the case of Gemini , that 's not entirely a bad thing .
Katz , serving as writer , director , and editor of the movie , sets the scene brilliantly . What he fails to do is serve up a story that is remotely worthy of its trappings .
The best aspect of `` Gemini '' is how this cool and clever thriller unfolds . Katz provides a juicy set-up and some prime suspects , but he flips the typical script a bit in ways that are best left for viewers to discover .
A moody noir pop-up , `` Gemini '' is writer/director Aaron Katz 's alluring , self-reflexive Los Angeles-set mystery that also doubles as a pictorial mash note to the city 's gleaming spaces and dreaming inhabitants .
A pleasurably drifty , low-wattage mystery ...
A smart and taut murder mystery that engages from start to finish .
Those considering a career as an assistant to Hollywood actors may end up rethinking their ambitions after watching Gemini
Kirke is always watchable and a good presence on screen , but so much about `` Gemini '' is so contrived that here she looks a little lost in the story at times .
A fantastic cast and abundant style keep it interesting , but the underwhelming mystery at its core prevent it from being an absolutely necessary neo-noir .
It 's a delicious appetizer but you 'll crave more .
As visually appealing as much of Gemini is , it would n't work nearly so well without Lola Kirke playing Jill .
With Gemini , Aaron Katz does his cover of the Los Angeles-set murder mystery , homing in on the genre 's evocative loneliness .
A heavily atmospheric neo-noir that starts with real promise but eventually crumbles into silliness .
The cracking of the mystery , at the conclusion of `` Gemini , '' is daft and unsatisfying ...
An involving look into the relationship between a major actress and her status-climbing assistant .
If its narrative contortions falter at the end , the cinematic experience is still a a worthy one , thanks to Kirke ... and the great work from director of photography Andrew Reed .
Gemini is n't flawless , but it 's a film that whets the appetite .
-LSB- A -RSB- supersleek neon-drenched flair and a smart feminist vibe . -LSB- But -RSB- rush -LSB- es -RSB- through its resolution to the mystery and cut -LSB- s -RSB- itself off abruptly ...
Kirke and Kravitz 's performances are as bold as the writing and the direction , LeBeau , in particular , remains in our minds , not only with an immediacy but perhaps the conclusion of her quest for the truth is a lasting and evocative image of ambivalence .
Gemini is a deeply enjoyable , satisfyingly subversive and uniformly well crafted modern noir mystery . You do n't want to miss this one .
Trusting the validity of his female characters as they are , Aaron Katz who writes as well as directs , is unafraid of pushing the boundaries of what is expected of him .
An uncanny , exquisite synthesis of naturalism and genre , the film is a heady cocktail of high style and lo-fi whose sum effect is irresistible .
There 's smart commentary about fame , gender and celebrity in `` Gemini , '' but Katz builds tension so brilliantly that it 's hard to watch it and think about anything other than the mystery at hand .
A fantastic neo-noir .
Gemini is a who cares whodunit . It is a mystery thriller without any mystery or thrills .
Simple in both concept and execution , Gemini rewards viewers who are n't anxious to outsmart it , and are more interested in seeing a movie that 's , you know , good .
An intoxicating journey the whole way through
Intriguing , suspenseful and funny to boot . Aaron Katz 's best movie to date .
Transitions into an at once sleazy and slick genre thriller , enigmatic without being alienating . There 's suspense in the movie 's central mystery , enough to sustain the characters Katz has created .
While the payoff could have used some extra punch , the teasing path that leads there is bewitching , with Lola Kirke serving as an enigmatic guide .
A subtle , sophisticated neo-noir focused on the odd co-dependent relationship between a starlet and her personal assistant - and how that dynamic is tested when one of them drops dead .
There may be Lynchian elements in this classic low-budget LA noir , but it 's Lola Kirke who impresses the most .

@highlight

A kaleidoscopic neo-noir , Gemini is a visually striking murder mystery with a convoluted but largely compelling plot and an impressive showing from Lola Kirke .