The new and improved Tour now has a terrifically well-made and astute film documenting its birthing pains .
easy to take in , much like spending an afternoon at the lanes with some watery beer
`` League '' is unexpectedly inspiring as we watch the plucky little league , which only draws a quarter of the advertising revenue of hockey despite having better TV ratings , fight for its survival .
Homely but enjoyable ... if you might not want to join this ` League ' permanently , you should find it a pleasant crew to spend ninety minutes with .
Without the social questions posed at the beginning of the film , the footage of the competition is not likely to be strong enough on its own to lasso in a new generation of players .
Director Christopher Browne took a lesson from Steve Miller , when it comes to bowling on TV -LRB- or in the movies -RRB- , ` it 's all about scoring , pace , and energy ' .
It 's a workmanlike film , but by the time two of the above bowlers are rolling against each other for the PBA championship , Browne has the audience sweating every spare .
After a few flourishes of Errol Morris-like editing , first-timer Browne settles into a tone resembling the ESPN telecasts so crucial to the PBA 's revenue stream , thriving on the intrinsic drama of competition and the league 's emerging star system .
Closer to a rah-rah public-relations video than a curtain-yanking investigative piece .
Bowling with Purpose and Meaning , even if they are n't Bowling for Columbine
The film is part nostalgia , part wary tale of wasted youth and part underdog struggle .
Manages to be funny , sad and as informative as you 'd want any movie about bowling to be .
It 's a curious movie , in the best sense , acknowledging that everybody is obsessed with something , then finding out why this particular group of people is obsessed with this particular pastime .
Amusing and insightful .
Gentlemen is distinguished by its extraordinary access to the players and tour operators .
Marvelously entertaining .
Informative and endearing film .
Christopher Browne 's documentary acquaints us with these gentlemen by presenting us their passionate quirks that actually do n't make them very ordinary at all .
Its 98 minutes are as easy to enjoy as picking up a spare , and we do n't mean a tire around the waist .
First-time helmer Chris Browne 's sense of humor captures perfectly the contradictions , absurdities and drama at the intersection of class , media , money and sports without dissing any of his player/subjects .
Browne 's film succeeds on numerous levels , in no small part because he admirably balances the slow-pitch , flyover-state silliness of bowling with a genuine appreciation of the inherent tensions and rivalries in a professional spectator sport .
The gladiators of ancient Rome never entered the arena with more pride , passion or determination .
You 're left with a haunting vision -- of a go-for-it , romantic , fame-and-fortune template featuring quasi-athletes who ca n't seem to climb out of the lower middle class .
The dork factor is cheerfully acknowledged by the hip documentary A League of Ordinary Gentlemen , a witty look at the sport 's quest for cool .
If you 've ever struggled to watch bowling on TV , you 'll appreciate Browne 's gifts when the film ends and you realize -- no kidding -- you ca n't wait to see these guys compete again .
I know what you 're thinking ... a documentary about bowling ? To which I answer : Hell yeah , and a darn good one , too !
This affectionate though unconvincing documentary struggles to present professional bowling as a simpler , nobler pastime from a simpler , nobler time .
Christopher Browne 's nonfiction chronicle of the Professional Bowlers Association 's quest to retrieve its once-widespread popularity carries more warmth , intimacy and grit -- and still manages to be as witty and engrossing as any Hollywood comedy .
While the movie is strong on the history of its subject , it allows some yawns to enter its own account of a big , heavily hyped tournament . Still , it 's very entertaining .
A spunky documentary about the frantic efforts to resurrect the moribund sport of bowling .
A League of Ordinary Gentlemen looks fondly back at an era when bowling was the most popular leisure activity in America .
Captures the way in which unassuming , workmanlike skill increasingly has no place in a sports-entertainment culture driven by short attention span-grabbing shock tactics .
Even if you do n't know a bowler 's strike from a baseball strike , this look at a blue-collar sport is quite a winner .
Great characters , big laughs and a helluva climax all combine to make this one of the most entertaining sports documentaries ever made .

@highlight

Even if bowling is n't your sport , this colorful documentary is still an entertaining watch .