If the creatures are somewhat of a let-down , Emily Blunt more than makes up for it .
The universe of A Quiet Place does n't stretch any farther than the Abbott family can travel on foot , which allows Krasinski to tell a taut and empathetic story about a family trying to survive together .
A combo of a fable about a family banding together and a technical exercise that works the nerves , and it worked mine while it flickered in front of me , but it has left me with sense-memories of being jostled and worked over and not much else .
A Quiet Place is truly a revelation . A simple premise turns out to be an intense , exciting , poignant and ridiculously scary story .
A Quiet Place , John Krasinski 's first horror movie , is kind of a laughable exercise .
Do n't watch it alone !
Stripped down to its barest elements and just barely scraping by the 90-minute mark , it 's devilish in its simplicity .
It 's a pretty bold gambit , all told , and one that could easily turn into a massive chore - but thankfully A Quiet Place manages to weaponize its strict set of rules in -LRB- almost -RRB- all the right ways .
With a combination of practical and CGI effects and tight story that boils down to a single night of hell , this is the kind of thriller that gets under your skin and stays with you after you leave the theater .
a uniquely laudable thriller
-LSB- A -RSB- terrific , white-knuckle monster thriller ... director John Krasinski does an excellent job taking an old spook movie convention - using silence to build tension - and pushing it to a nerve-jangling new extreme .
As in all the best horror films , the tropes address primal fears in ways that are simpler to process , but no less unsettling because of it . It 's also got one of the best fade to black moments in recent filmdom .
The inanities it requires of its characters are pushing it even for a monster movie .
A Quiet Place could be placed in the horror genre , but it 's so much more than that . It 's a love story , a rich tapestry of family life .
Everything is so carefully obvious that we have no choice but to surrender . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Sure , it 's just a movie but A Quiet Place is so effective that you 'll be deathly afraid of making a sound - just like the main characters .
A Quiet Place shows that it 's still possible to make good movies ... without letting the essence and the sublime simplicity of the original idea get lost . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This glorious call to our senses comes courtesy of co-writer/director John Krasinski 's technical achievements , including dazzling camera angles and striking compositions , plus superb performances .
A marvelous film that is genuinely frightening , without the zeal or polish of a routine studio picture where all the scares are conducted to convention .
This is a gem that is held together by two transparent Pilars : mise-en-scene and sound design . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
One ca n't help think about how bombastic most modern films are and how few have utilized silence to such artful effect as Krasinski and his team do in this taut , spare thriller .
The ingredient that puts this very effective little horror gem over the top is Emily Blunt . Thousands of actresses have played women in peril in horror movies , but Blunt shows you the value of shelling out for one from the A-List .
A Quiet Place is a truly original and unnerving horror . You 'll want to scream - do n't .
The breathless opening reveals Krasinski 's sophisticated filmmaking approach , setting up the premise and showcasing the meticulous attention to detail that will turn his lean story into a masterclass of tension .
At a brisk 90 minutes , it 's one of the most inventive and beautifully crafted and acted horror movies I 've seen in a very long time , and I think the main reason for its power is the family crisis at its core .
Do n't believe the hype . `` A Quiet Place '' is a plot-hole filled waste of time . Scary ? Not even close . The groupthink virus continues to consume so-called critics .
That solution , that final sequence ... instantly becomes a controllable chaos and materializes a beautiful destruction that we all have quietly hoped for . Your imagination will do the rest . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Krasinski , who as an actor is known for good-natured roles like Jim Halpert in The Office , manages to reinvent himself ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A Quiet Place creates the rare balancing act of quality and creativity , containing some wonderful moments and rewarding our nerves with extraordinary tension and performances ; and all without many words . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The -LSB- film 's -RSB- premise serves Krasinski ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It is a profound family drama ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film is tense , terrifying and manages to keep the suspense in a precise , wonderful way . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Absolutely everything works , starting with a supernatural Emily Blunt . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a skilled and well-executed exercise in constant suspense . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The abusive and overstated use of music in the second half hurts , but even that does n't manage to kill a film that 's decidedly audacious in the current canon of Hollywood films . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It works as a timely lesson for future filmmakers on the handling of silence in a film ... -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... makes it starkly apparent how loud other movies have become .
Solid horror film ... just do n't see it next to an IMAX theater where the sound is bleeding through the walls .
The result is an old-fashioned horror movie , and a nerve-wrackingly effective one .
`` No noise , but silence and eternal sleep . '' `` Titus Andronicus , '' William Shakespeare .
This movie is brilliant on several levels , including as an exploration of how hard , how unnatural , it is for humans to be unheard .
Yet I could n't help thinking that if he really loved his family so much he would 've pulled out .
Like A Quiet Place itself , seeing the movie in a theater is a collective , quiet act , without distraction .
It 's at its best when it knows it 's gimmicky , and has fun with it - playing with its own premise and teasing at tropes of the genre while winking slyly at inescapable , universal horrors .
The impeccable performances of its central quartet and delicious premise that makes A Quiet Place such an exhilarating watch .
An absolute blast that you can only experience to its fullest inside a packed theater with a QUIET audience , of course .
-LSB- John Krasinksi 's -RSB- strength shows here in his ability to nurture a concept into a living , breathing movie .
The beast that lives in the head of serious filmgoers , that slaughters those who talk , rustle , munch , stomp up and down the aisle and check text messages , is literalised on screen for the first time .
This means that the experience of watching the movie is extremely tense-any loud footstep , any accidentally knocked-over object could mean almost-instant death for the characters .
A Quiet Place is a gem of a horror film . It 's high on tension , low on gore and a great option for a night out with friends -- or anyone else who enjoys a big screen scare .
Though accompanied with a rich score by Marco Beltrami , A Quiet Place communicates the power and simplicity of the silent cinema .
And for a film where sound is so important to the lives of the characters , Krasinski does n't really pay all that much heed to the sound design of his film .
`` A Quiet Place '' is one of the most unique experiences I 've ever had watching a movie , and is already being heralded by many critics as a genre-redefining classic .
A very interesting premise that was able to transcend with a fine-tuned script . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A Quiet Place is without a doubt one of the best releases of the season and a film you should not miss . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The pervasive and sometimes actually damaging problem is that the film has a non-diegetic musical score , and it really should n't .
It can take a little while for a movie to reel audiences in but A Quiet Place will hook them from the very opening scene .
The film is perfectly structured ... It does n't change the rules of the game . It does n't create new elements . Nor does it cheat , although some parts of the plot depend on inconveniences that are a little too convenient . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A Quiet Place is almost wordless , yet accomplishes what only the best horror films can achieve .
Tense and thrilling -- you 'll be holding your breath a lot -- and ultimately about a family 's resilience .
The acting and craftsmanship here put this in the top 10 % of B-grade scares and make this a crackling piece of entertainment .
The actors are so strong that it 's easy to identify with them , seeing thoughts flash across their faces moments before they are required to make a fateful decision .
It 's a clever premise brilliantly realized , and never less than a big-screen blast .
Krasinski and screenwriters Bryan Woods and Scott Beck ensure that this is as much about the family as it is the monster stuff , and therefore it 's surprisingly moving at times .
This is a movie about the sound of fear , but it gives us a great deal more to listen to .
What happens on the screen is n't as important as what goes on in the hearts , minds , and ears of those of us who surrender to the powerful allure of this not so quiet place . Listen to the lesson .
A Quiet Place is so unmoored from anything like subtext or complexity that without a keenly intelligent and efficient script , its seams start to show almost immediately .
I have not seen any of the two previous films by Krasinski but at least here it is more than clear that we are facing a real filmmaker .
If there 's anything that makes A Quiet Place worth seeing , it 's that it is a rare experience to sit in the cinema in complete silence . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A strong contender for one of the 21st century 's very best scary movies ...
Bravura filmmaking
A clever monster survival film , but its bland characters did n't engage me even if well-crafted and intelligent .
Efficient , effective , exhausting , it 's the scariest horror of the year so far .
You 'll be grabbing your armrest tighter and tighter with this one .
Krasinski 's stripped-back use of sound reflects his entire approach , crafting a masterfully sparse movie from start to finish - and a downright masterful one too .
Recent attempts at `` smart horror '' did n't offer up reality but they did have an internal logic for the world the films created . A Quiet Place fails this basic test .
A Quiet Place is a movie built around a gimmick , but it 's been jerry-rigged awfully well .
It 's Blunt who does the really heavy-lifting here , albeit playing a role almost as old as cinema itself : the beautiful woman in terrible danger .
-LSB- Blunt is -RSB- excellent , as is her husband 's film .
A Quiet Place keys into some primal emotions , as well as shredding your nerves , sometimes both at the same time .
But there are moments when the movie takes us firmly by the hand and escorts us down a darkened path , and they lead to one of the most profound of communal pleasures : the sound of a movie audience screaming as one .
A modern suspense classic . Krasinski delivers a unique cinematic experience from start to finish . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In space , no one can hear you scream , but in an auditorium showing A Quiet Place , everyone can see you flinch .
This is about as terrifying as movies get . Superb performances and expertly directed .
While almost everything about A Quiet Place works perfectly , the best stuff goes unsaid , which is certainly appropriate .
Eerie and angst-riddled , it 's a tour-de-force for John Krasinksi and an unsettling , totally different kind of creature feature .
The concept is pure and perfectly suited to the genre , and it 's a brilliant conceit because it makes you a part of the experience . When you watch A Quiet Place , you 'll sit glued to your seat in a theater so quiet you can hear a pin drop .
You 'll root for the Abbotts till your cheeks are sodden . All hail a blockbuster that 's ultra-sound . And pray that it blows the competition away .
Each audible breath , each creak , adds a needle stab of anxiety to the story .
A Quiet Place is a superb exercise in understated terror that puts to shame `` horror '' films that rely on jump scares and cheap theatrics .
`` A Quiet Place '' is this year 's `` Get Out , `` an implausible film that portends to be one of the year 's best .
` A Quiet Place ' will make a big splash at the box office .
... the sounds of silence speak volumes .
Part of what makes A Quiet Place special is the devilish simplicity of the family 's dilemma .
Even though A Quiet Place is a terrific film just the way it is , I ca n't help wishing there were more families like this in other kinds of movies .
A Quiet Place is an undoubtedly taxing affair for the nerves ; fortunately , it 's also a deeply affecting one .
He deploys sound like a master , freaking us out not with loud bangs but with deathly quiet in the face of terror .
It 's one thing to stumble upon an idea so straightforward and pure - ` Lights Out , ' a terrific 2016 horror movie , had one - that it 's a wonder it has n't been used before . It 's yet another thing to execute it so impeccably so as to have not wasted it .
A creepy , eerie , creative , and moving genre film ...
` A Quiet Place ' is a master class in filmmaking - showcasing how images , silence , sound and music can create an oppressive and frightening atmosphere that can keep you on the edge of your seat from beginning to end .
A Quiet Place is an airtight thriller that will leave you breathless .
It works to make us react with our most basic human reactions , like fear and love , and that is what makes A Quiet Place a scary movie that children and parents can appreciate .
When it comes to horror movies , a little bit of tension goes a long way , and the sheer level of tension in A Quiet Place just might give you a heart condition .
Krasinski keeps the action crisp and popping ... A Quiet Place is a good old nerve-racking time at the movies .
An instant genre classic thanks to a simple , original idea ; an innovatively controlled soundscape ; sympathetic , imperfect characters ; and Krasinski 's command of the material .
Simmonds , who is herself deaf , & who starred in Wonderstruck , last year , makes a greater impact still as the indomitable Regan , with her secretive smile . Her hearing aid is vital to the plot , and , indeed , the whole saga is shaped around its sound design .
This is basically a modest B-movie , but with compelling characters , potent performances and tight , crafted direction , it effectively explores the quiet power of its premise .
One of the most accomplished and effective chillers I 've ever seen . That 's not hyperbole .
The film 's effectiveness arises , rather , from the elimination of everything inessential and a steady focus on teamwork both on and off-screen .
A Quiet Place is not a great movie but it is a good one that takes what could have just been a simple-minded gimmick movie and turns it into something better .
John Krasinski mines some gut-wrenching tension out of A Quiet Place 's ingenious premise .
A Quiet Place achieves a certain grace through its sound design and cinematography in adopting the various family members ' perspectives on silence , particularly that of daughter Regan , who happens to be deaf and is portrayed by Simmonds , who is deaf .
This is one of those movies that will leave its mark on the genre for years to come and serves as a masterclass in suspense .
-LSB- John -RSB- Krasinski never lets up , his directorial hand moving various pieces this way and that as he plays his little cat and mouse most dangerous game with astonishing virtuosity
If this were simply a thespian throw-down , the wordless women would crush the berserker aliens in no time .
Fans of the genre should be delighted with Krasinski 's B-movie handling of his film and the new attention he is sure to bring . A Quiet Place makes a whole lot of noise in the horror genre .
It 's said that the most of the ` horror ' in classic horror films is derived from the sound effects and background score . Director John Krasinski has turned that dictum upon its head .
Way overrated M. Night Shyamalan-type sci-fi-horror hybrid with serious credibility issues and too many jump in your face moments .
... ultimately A Quiet Place emerges as an effective nightmare-maker for parents that is one of those rarest and most welcome commodities for fright-flick fans : horror with heart .
A Quiet Place lives up to the ambitious challenge that it sets for itself , taking audiences on a compelling and suspenseful journey along the way .
It might have to do with the fact that they 're married in real life , but the chemistry between -LSB- Krasinski & Blunt -RSB- was so real and so pure .
... a modestly creepy low-budget thriller with some clever twists and effective frights that stays committed to its simple if provocative concept .
Even if you 're not a horror fan , there 's a lot more to this ... all the credit in the world to John Krasinski , because this is such a well-directed film .
I thought it was fantastic , start to finish .
This is a horror movie where instead of wanting to scream at the characters for doing something dumb , you 'll want to scream for them , since they ca n't .
The key to the tightly paced , compellingly acted horror film A Quiet Place is the unceasing tension , a kind of persistent creepiness that burrows under your skin .
For the entire night after I saw A Quiet Place I thought every sound was too loud .
Despite not bleeding us all the way out , it 's still a genuinely eerie experience .
Best horror movie in a couple of decades . Some scenes are so terrifying and intense that you 'll find yourself unable to breath . In the end you 'll need your own quiet place .
A gripping , edge of your seat thriller that 's tight and effective in generating the scares by manipulating those old reptilian parts of our brains we still carry around with us . -LRB- Full Content Parental Review - Violence , Scares , etc. - also Available -RRB-
A tension machine with a tender mien . If all you care about is creature design , imagine all of your sharp-edged anxieties given teeth , pincers and an abnormal sense for finding you no matter how well you hide . Scary enough for you ? It should be .
... Do n't call it a silent movie , for sound is the true star here .
While individual moments might be dramatically potent , the final result is narratively inchoate .
Read in the moment , or even a generation from now , A Quiet Place muses on a world of chaos and nurture , with purpose and hope to be found in between .
Completely unnerving and unforgettable .
It probably does n't pay to examine the logic of A Quiet Place too closely but it is highly effective as an exercise in terror and in how people live with the realisation that one noisy false move could spell disaster .
You 're so tense you 're almost nauseous , but it 's fun - that 's the place this smart new thriller will put you in .
`` A Quiet Place '' is a bold experiment in fear with a triumphant payoff . It will chill you to the bone , and the quieter it gets , the more noise it makes .
Terse and tense , John Krasinski 's latest is a near-perfect horror film .
John Krasinski 's horror film is destined for greatness . It 's one of the best of the last decade . You will scream for days .
Like Aliens retooled as a militant librarian 's fantasy , John Krasinski 's relentless shocker thrives on a nifty premise .
A Quiet Placeis a thoroughly relatable thriller laced with horror-movie tropes . Perhaps that 's why it works so well even for a wimp like me . The movie runs 90 minutes and is thoroughly satisfying . Other filmmakers would do well to take note of this .
Although it feels irreverent , not to say dangerous , to offer everyone involved in this brilliant film a loud round of applause , that 's what they deserve .
A winner in every way .
Krasinski ... does n't just direct the film -- he conducts it .
It 's merely straight-up horror that drops you right into the situation ... For me , that 's not enough , not when the characters are as uninspiring as this lot .
This film is a truly remarkable feat - an original , tender yet terrifying horror .
You 'll need a lie-down after this one .
The film is incredibly tense , with a great sense of pacing and tone that ratchets up the anxiety with each scene as it careens toward an amazing climax .
A Quiet Place is the kind of movie that can cause a stir in audiences as everyone jumps , winces and exhales in unison . Enjoy .
This is the kind of film that delivers on about 75 percent of its promise and has you looking forward to the time when the director hits something all the way out of the park .
Easily one of 2018 's scariest films , `` A Quiet Place '' is a story told on a knife 's edge . This largely silent movie punctuates the stillness with exciting moments of shattering noise .
It may not make the masterpiece cut , but this taut horror thriller is enormously entertaining , because it 's organized around a terrific idea-the necessity of absolute silence .
one of the best modern horror movies ever made
Krasinski lands on a loud-quiet-loud formula akin to '90s alternative rock : When the chorus kicks in , the jump-scares really pop .
With its rustling cornfields , rural-hippie costume design , and ardent sign-language declarations of parental love , A Quiet Place feels a little like a Rockwell painting overrun by H.R. Giger ... But it 's okay !
A Quiet Place will be the most intense feature you see all year .
The film is not so much a scare machine as it is a tension-building mechanism .
`` Quiet Place 's '' faulty logic its undoing .
A Quiet Place is a master class in how to keep audiences on the edge of their seats without gross-out imagery .
It makes you want to believe in it , and that 's no small achievement . It will also make you and your fellow moviegoers shut right up , which is even more impressive .
Go see A Quiet Place if you like thrillers , if you love a good scare . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I ca n't recall the last time I found myself caring as intently for the characters in a horror picture as I did for the family in `` A Quiet Place '' ...
For a lean 90 minutes , no one will have a moment to consider such detail . They will be too busy staying quiet , covering their mouths and eyes , in utter fear of what will happen next to this devoted family .
The soundness of Krasinski -LRB- !? -RRB- As director , -LRB- co -RRB- scriptwriter and protagonist ... Helps him create an effective film ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` A Quiet Place '' is a jalapeño popper of a movie - fast , filling and punchy - and a likable throwback to the films of M. Night Shyamalan . The good ones , anyway .
A Quiet Place is essentially a monster-in-the-house yarn . But the simplicity and originality of the set up is fabulous .
A lean and mean creature flick with a killer hook .
A genuinely shuddersome horror-thriller , A Quiet Place establishes actor-turned-director John Krasinski as one of the leading new exponents of the genre .
Krasinski 's film is also as much or more about a family in crisis , making it a powerful ride that never forgets its B-movie roots -LRB- that 's a good thing -RRB- .
A creeping , increasingly queasy sense of dread pervades `` A Quiet Place , '' John Krasinski 's nervy thriller that marks a notable addition to the recent spate of smart , timely genre pictures .
Working from a script he wrote with Bryan Woods and Scott Beck , director Krasinski exhibits a sure sense of what will hold the audience , moment to moment .
Krasinski has made one of the most poetic horror movies of recent years . Its sound design alone is glorious , locating the infinite gradations in that thing we so casually call silence .
An edge-of-your-seat family drama that just happens to have monsters .
Is n't an earth-shaking addition to the horror genre , but it 's a good example of what a clever concept can achieve when slickly rendered .
If you 're looking for a film that will keep you thrillingly off-balance , this is the place .
If ever a film had me mentally tiptoeing over a booby-trapped carpet of eggshells while quietly gibbering with anxiety , it 's this brutal sci-fi suspense thriller ...
Forget `` Get out ! '' and `` Do n't go in there ! '' Creepy new fright fest A Quiet Place amps its fear with a simple `` Shhh . ''
Krasinski may take it all very seriously , but that does n't make it serious . I do n't think that 's the movie 's intended takeaway , but as I laughed my way into the aisle after it was over , it was the only one that seemed to stick .
The film 's nail-biting tension makes for pleasing genre thrills and a conduit for parental anxiety . As good a film as you 'll see this year .
... an undeniably tense picture that demonstrates John Krasinski 's skills behind the camera . Be quiet , walk carefully , and go see it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Director-star Krasinski creates a new horror classic about a family that can only stay alive if no one makes a sound . Emily Blunt delivers a tour de force of silent emotion as approaching monsters fry your nerves to a frazzle .
In a genre that has often been plagued by nudge-nudge , wink-wink storytelling , the simple honesty of a family facing impossible odds and eking through is truly chilling .
Deliciously coiled tension arrives briskly and often in `` A Quiet Place , '' a near-silent thriller with a humdinger conceit . The unnerving terror threatening to boil to the surface at any moment is where the film most excels .
Something this silent and shockingly effective reminds us how barraged with noise we are by most movies , and how essentially empty that noise is . -LRB- `` THX ! The audience is listening ! '' No , they 're not . They 're numbed to the experience -RRB- .
... the Abbotts have restructured their family life into `` A Quiet Place . '' And that aspect of the film ... is one of the continuing pleasures of John Krasinski 's tense , beautifully crafted and acted third film .
The most innovative horror film since The Blair Witch Project . The unbeatable frontrunner for scary movie of the year .
We do n't get many thrill rides of this caliber , and we do n't often get to see a level of talent erupt in such ferocity as we do here . This is a monster movie for the ages .
Tension is carefully amplified in this stripped-down scenario up to the halfway point , then the jeopardy ratchets up and does n't quit . After a lean 95 minutes , you 'll be spat out , panting and demolished .
Despite a somewhat too tidy ending , it 's a terrific movie , beautifully made and carried along by strong performances and skillful storytelling .
A Quiet Place is brief , taut and often quite terrifying .
Krasinski 's assured and confident direction speedily sweeps us over these minor speed bumps with skin-crawling jump-scares and showcase sequences .
The central concept is n't terribly original , but Krasinski 's treatment of it is unadorned and fresh . The movie grabs you at the start and never lets go .
Besides having a double-barrelled surname that would suit any self-respecting jam band , the Krasinski-Blunts are indomitable together .
This movie is so stressful .
In its convincing portrayal of a situation where a rusty nail is as lethal as an unexploded bomb , and the few remaining inhabitants seem - much like the audience - more likely to die of stress than anything else , the movie rocks .
Krasinski makes suspension of disbelief easy , and the movie mostly works - I ca n't remember the last time I was in a movie theater so quiet .
There 's plenty ... that does n't hold up to scrutiny and even more that feels conspicuously derivative . But tell that to your pants as you pee them .
The result is frightening , and it feels wholly original .
-LSB- Noah -RSB- Jupe is poignantly convincing - a perpetually worried middle-aged man in a child 's body - while -LSB- Millicent -RSB- Simmonds ' Regan is so formidable in her adolescent rebelliousness that it all seems wasted on a mere alien .
A Quiet Place is n't revolutionary , relying on enough abrupt shocks and grisly effects to satisfy chronic horror fans . But it works better as a mutation of the genre , placing aural dread ahead of visceral gore .
You ca n't deny the film 's effectiveness . Krasinski has crafted a very scary and surprisingly affecting horror movie that will keep you on the edge of your seat .
A nerve-shredding thriller tense from the opening scene to the very end .
For my first watch , I was glued . This movie makes you reflect on human beings in general ... A Quiet Place is really unique .
Easily the best film Krasinski has made , and it features the finest performance he 's ever given , constructing a classy B-movie that explores the foundation of familial relationships , but also delivers sizable chills from total silence .
Fear can sharpen the senses . In `` A Quiet Place , '' it also helps Krasinski fine-tune his filmmaking .
Pure visual storytelling class .
The collective , dread-inducing moan I heard from the audience around me at that reveal is surely what horror filmmakers live for more than the shock and gore . -LRB- Because it 's real suspense ; like Hitchcock 's ticking bomb under the table , we know it 's there . -RRB-
In an era of wearisome poltergeist movies , haunted house stories and torture porn , A Quiet Place is a refreshingly pared down and very original affair .
Size is n't everything . Witness the miniaturist marvel that is A Quiet Place .
Should you experience A Quiet Place with nothing more than your guard down , eyes up and ears open -LRB- trust me , this last condition is of the utmost importance -RRB- , then you will have witnessed one of the most unforgettable and best movies of 2018 .
See enough scary movies and you start to anticipate when to cover your eyes . What makes A Quiet Place such a terrifying entry in the genre is that you need to know when to cover your ears .
When you can show your hand in a prologue and still subject your audience to a hind quarters-clenching hour-and-a-half you 've really got the goods .
In an era when movie studios want projects that are big and loud , John Krasinski shows here that an extremely clever story can still work for audiences .
The horror set-up is enormous fun on its own , but the heartfelt performances elevate this into something special .
As it stands , A Quiet Place is muted in form but also in its depth compared to progressive and subversive horror stories from various mediums .
With its chilling premise , heart-thumping execution and deeper anxieties about family and parenthood , A Quiet Place is sure to join the pantheon of great horror films
Catch this film if you are curious about how silence can be so captivating .
It is smart , it moves fast , it has a hugely satisfying ending -- and it deserves to attract a much broader audience than the usual horror film devotees .
Krasinski directs himself well , as the solid , protective fatherly presence . But he wisely throws most of the movie to Emily Blunt , who turns out to be a strong silent film actress .
An apocalypse unlike any onscreen before . A film often almost unbearably tense , in part because it audaciously reconsiders the role sound plays in eliciting our emotional response .
At just 90 minutes , A Quiet Place is brisk , but it 's also patient ; this is one of those monster movies that builds tension from the absence of the monster ...
A Quiet Place is completely gripping , and in a film fully reliant on facial communication , exquisitely acted by those amazing kids , and by Krasinski and Blunt , who 've never been better .
What is most satisfying here is not just the effective frights that unpredictably punctuate the family 's existence , but the empathy that builds up with them and how moved we are by their plight .
A Quiet Place is far from quiet but a horror thriller for the ages .
`` A Quiet Place '' is the one film where , if you are surrounded by popcorn-crunching , cellophane rattling and cell-phone-chatting neighbors , you will wish these monsters were real .
Krasinski gets terrific performances from everyone : It 's a convincing family . Which is nice , in a way , despite the ghastliness of the situation .
This may be a sci-fi fantasy about giant man-eating bugs , but it 's grounded in human facts and folly . Little here is safe . Nothing is predictable .
To Krasinski 's credit , he doubles down on this concept , forcing the family of four to communicate through whispers and sign language that is subtitled for the viewers ; it successfully transforms all sound into a horror element
While the use of sound here is the hook , the success of the film rests almost purely on simple , old-fashioned filmmaking skill , and that 's a trick Krasinksi has down cold .
I left the cinema not wanting to make noise , for fear of the creatures getting me , and that 's the mark of an effective horror movie if I ever heard it .
John Krasinski 's film turns the act of survival into a powerful statement of defiance against the vagaries of the unknown .
-LSB- John -RSB- Krasinski directs with the precision of a master craftsman - there are flaws in the logic of the world he and co-writers Scott Beck and Bryan Woods have created , but they barely register .
Director John Krasinski makes his creature-feature debut , with a smart monster movie that plays out mostly in silence .
Unlike the milquetoast PG-13 horror of late , this one has a bite . It takes a bit of time to really get going , but with the inventive sound design , the remarkable performances , and the effective writing , this is something worth seeing .
Takes a scenario we 've seen hundreds of times before - how to survive after the fall of civilisation - and makes it fresh with a superb conceit .
Presenting the domestic unit and protective parenting as crucial salves in times of despair , Krasinski finds room for sentiment , even optimism , amid this avalanche of toothy suspense thrills .
A Quiet Place , with its extremely well thought-out use of silence and noise , is another one of the new age pioneers that is stretching boundaries . Rarely has a scary movie been so filled with vulnerable protagonists and fraught with abject fear .
When A Quiet Place has one finger on the panic button and the other on mute , it 's a nervy , terrifying thrill .
Despite some B movie residue , in the novelty of the premise and no shortage of ` bump in the night ' spooks , it is pro-human and pro-intellectual , reinterpreting ` survival of the fittest ' as ` survival of the smartest ' .
If this was an easy thing to do , we 'd have one of these films every week , but Krasinski 's script brings human emotion to a genre entertainment to create suspense in a way that even Hitchcock might have enjoyed .
It 's not just an intelligent horror film , but a movie that is capable of scaring even the most experienced of horror fans with staggering ease .
A Quiet Place takes a high concept and runs with it to absolute glory . It is the best horror film since Get Out .
By removing the sound , it makes it even more prominent , for when things go bump in the night , boy can we hear it .
A Quiet Place feels fiercely original , risky , and undeniably frightening and fun .
A bravura monster movie which just does n't let up , ratcheting tension with nary a word uttered on screen .
-LSB- John Krasinski -RSB- has crafted a movie that demands to be seen on the big screen , with an audience as terrified as you .
Gripping , earnest , and nail-bitingly tense , John Krasinski 's first foray into genre filmmaking is a master-class instant classic that every horror fan needs to see .
In true Twilight Zone fashion , A Quiet Place delivers its creepy goods in a remarkably smooth and efficient manner .
John Krasinski , directing only his third feature from a script by Bryan Woods , Scott Beck and Krasinski , delivers a solid genre picture with a remarkably high concept
The kind of anxiety-inducing cinematic journey that only comes around every so often .
Anchored by propulsive performances and a simple but effective premise , A Quiet Place firmly establishes John Krasinski as a director to watch .
A thrilling , near-silent film that brilliantly toys with the audience 's nerves .
It 's technically polished and visually elegant , and it 's the rare modern creature feature where we get a really , really good look at the bad guys . And damn , do they look good .
Even though some of its parts do n't quite fit together , A Quiet Place is unique high-concept science fiction that 's grounded solidly in human drama .
This may not be the deepest or most ambitious horror movie in recent memory -- there 's not much here beyond that brilliantly simple core concept . But as a delivery vehicle for sheer , visceral terror , it 's one of the most brutally effective .
John Krasinski orchestrates a loud and ferocious symphony of sonic scares that will assert A Quiet Place as one of the year 's most terrorizing films .
Disquieting as hell .
If you want to watch an edge-of-your-seat horror thriller with extraordinary performances , impressive sound editing and a well-driven story structure - A Quiet Place is definitely a film to add on your radar .
It 's a crackerjack premise , if only because it fundamentally alters the fabric of the traditional horror template .
A tight thrill ride-the kind of movie that quickens the heart rate and plays with the expectations of the audience , while never treating them like idiots . In other words , it 's a really good horror movie .
A Quiet Place is a rare thing : a horror film from a major studio that blends high-concept with jump scares and manages to pull both of them off .
Though it 's Krasinski 's third time in the director 's chair , it 's his first home run thanks , in no small part , to the film 's emphasis on family and Krasinski 's choice of leading lady-his wife and mother of his two children , Emily Blunt .
Sometimes , getting on the clever/whatever wavelength of a horror film and just rolling with can be a part of the fun . `` A Quiet Place '' is that kind of movie .
Directed with first-rate visual flair by John Krasinski -LRB- who knew ? -RRB- , this riveting near-silent thriller exudes the despair of a broken world with the concision of a Cormac McCarthy novel folded into a simplistic B-movie premise .
Beyond the fact that the film is an incredible piece of genre storytelling , on a technical level A Quiet Place is an absolute marvel as well , proving that innovation can be so very crucial when it comes to crafting movies in this day and age .
Even moviegoers who do n't accept the metaphor are going to have the pants scared off them .
For all the monster movie madness , cheap thrills and wonderful filmic texture , this is still very much a motion picture about the terrors of parenthood , and how the best mothers and fathers would do anything to keep their kids safe .
This is John Krasinski 's third feature film and is without question his best . Krasinski has found his calling as a genre director and A Quiet Place will knock your socks off .
A Quiet Place is bold and inventive with top-notch performances , breathtaking storytelling and intensity ; it is the must-see film of the fest and even the year .
One of the most inventive , emotional , and terrifying films I 've seen ...

@highlight

A Quiet Place artfully plays on elemental fears with a ruthlessly intelligent creature feature that 's as original as it is scary -- and establishes director John Krasinski as a rising talent .