No-nonsense B crime thriller .
An action flick that gets bogged down with unlikely plot twists . Paul Chambers , CNN .
Is n't clever or inventive enough to seem like a high-stakes game .
It 's free of gimmicky twists , to be sure , but it 's also lacking tension , ingenuity and fun .
Director Nimod Antal 's stripped-down genre exercise -- there 's not even a hint of a romantic subplot -- is unremarkable but efficient .
You 'd have to put me in a lock box to see it again .
Armored should crackle with nervous energy ; however , the bland characters do n't get much of interest to do and are virtually interchangeable .
A host of charismatic character actors , including Jean Reno , Laurence Fishburne and Matt Dillon , slum it about amiably in Armoured , a B-movie action thriller , before it all implodes in the final unbelievable act .
None of the plan details so essential to a tense heist drama are given to us ; the gang 's individual characterisations get lost , and the movie gets boringly marooned in a Reservoir Dogsish abandoned stockyard . Disappointing .
The absolute awfulness of Armoured ca n't be ignored but with a group of friends and an open bar , there is still plenty of fun to be had .
Despite an intriguing premise , it does n't really go anywhere .
This is a mess of unconvincing characters , doolally plotting and dumb flag-waving - the one honest character being an Iraq vet forced to join the others in their brain-dead scam .
Armored 's first half is an overwrought , eye-rolling bro-venture , but once the actual robbery takes place , the film ratchets up into a solid testosterone-soaked thriller .
Antal 's attempts to crank up the tension are telegraphed far too often and undermined by a flagrant disregard for logic , meaning this never delivers quite enough bang for your buck .
An underwhelming heist-gone-wrong movie that , inexplicably , has avoided going straight to DVD .
Things are jollied along by some very stiff acting , especially from Dillon . The film , shot in crisp widescreen , is surprisingly pleasant to look at . It is also surprisingly restrained .
The internecine calamity that ensues is nicely paced by Nimród Antal - great name - and played with full-grimace intensity by Laurence Fishburne , Jean Reno , Skeet Ulrich and , the single phoner in the performances , Fred Ward . A safe bet for a DVD night .
Not a classic like Reservoir Dogs but a perfectly watchable thriller thanks to a cast of old pros .
Even with a hit-and-run running time of under 90 minutes , this solid , low-tension actioner outstays its welcome .
Armored is based on a first-time script which , thanks to a bit of industry hype , became the subject of a bidding war among the studios . Sony won the day . Guys , you were robbed .
Despite reliable work from Dillon and Fishburne , Armored is something of a disappointment , thanks to a dull script and a lacklustre leading performance from Short .
Somehow securing cinematic distribution when its script , plot and execution scream straight-to-DVD , Armoured is the worst kind of B-movie : a dull one .
This is Hollywood at its dumbest .
It knows exactly what it wants to do and does it with a minimum of muss and fuss and that is more than I can say for a lot of the other movies that I have seen lately .
stands head-and-shoulders above inept Oscar bait the likes of The Lovely Bones and Nine
What happens when someone leads you into temptation ?
While it is completely predictable Armored is also efficient and suspenseful .
There is n't nearly enough time devoted to the relationships among the men at the beginning , which undermines what happens to them all later on .
The low-level desperation and the wavering of consciences , against a working-class backdrop in a slumping neighbourhood , turns this into not just a fairly gripping heist-gone-wrong movie , but a fairly gritty reflection of an anxious , bankrupted America .
Simpson 's dialogue flies like a flat-footed homage to Mamet or Tarantino .
A surprisingly tight heist movie that is much better than you expect . The solid cast of actors take you on a wild ride .
An unabashed B movie : basic , brutal and sometimes clumsy , but far from dumb , and not bad at all .
Armored wo n't win any prizes , but it does offer comforting evidence that there 's still room for a well-crafted B movie among CG-laden spectacles .
This unambitious caper flick takes a while to get moving but gradually develops a modest meat-and-potatoes appeal , compromised in the third act by a whopping and perfectly avoidable plot hole .
Antal is never much beyond serviceable here , but he does make a chase-duel between two entirely identical armored cars almost decipherable , which is no mean feat .
Armored has a decent second half but the use of obvious metaphors , cliches and amateur film making knocks the film down to a satisfactory rental .
Has a pleasingly gritty feel thanks to its use of chilly , metallic urban locations -- and at only 88 minutes , it 's a very streamlined , no-nonsense genre film .
Skeletal in its characters and its plot ... -LSB- C -RSB- a n't decide what it wants to be ...
The heist goes awry , but not as badly as the movie .
It 's a film without twists , where everything is what it seems , and when the mess has been resolved , it 's even at a loss for a proper denouement . Armored just ends-and with it , so does the access to plush chairs and free air conditioning .
It is n't bulletproof by a long shot , but director Nimrod Antal 's grungy gang-of-thieves pic is tough and , for this genre , surprisingly ethical .
Over-familiar and industrial , a factory film made because a recycled script , minimal budget , a location , a grab-bag cast and some armored trucks were available .
Alas , Armored is one predictable and forgettable movie that should consider itself very lucky not to have gone straight to DVD .
An initially intriguing plot line makes a messy getaway in this throwback heist movie .
A so-so heist-gone-awry thriller , light on the thrills , Armored does n't exactly take its audience captive .
A strong high concept heist thriller , sometimes hindered by the predictability of the genre and it 's marketing but regularly salvaged by the movie 's strong direction and the quality of the cast .
Imagine Reservoir Dogs , re-cut as a completely linear film , then stripped of its snappy dialogue , innovative shot design and compelling characters .
Parental Content Review
Features Antal 's characteristic emphasis on his characters rather than the situations into which they 're thrust .
Like the guards in the film , Armored knows it has a job to do , and established procedures to follow , and that it 's just another day at the office . But if a job is worth doing , it 's worth doing well ...
A reasonably clean machine of escapist entertainment , directed resourcefully by Antal , who mines a generous amount of suspense out of a skeletal scenario .
Inspired by Tarantino 's Reservoir Dogs and countless films about seemingly perfect heists that go uproariously wrong , Armored is an unpretentious , fast-moving , action-packed thriller but emotionally hollow .




@highlight

This B-grade thriller has a good cast and director but is undone by plot holes and messy conclusion .