Di Gregorio stars in the film as well as writing and directing , and a more charming mealtime companion you 're not likely to find .
Shot handheld and mostly confined to the apartment , the film is -LRB- despite some mild food tourism -RRB- a delightful feat
-LSB- A -RSB- unique recipe , a bittersweet comedy/drama , with a dash of realism .
What a pleasure it is to see a film that treats the elderly as more just the sum of their age spots .
These women ! These women are marvelous .
This is a small , perfectly delicious film . The actors are magical .
A simple and endlessly charming look at a weekend in the life of an uncomplicated middle-aged man living with his aging mama .
Novice feature director Gianni Di Gregorio has made a terrific and warm little comedy by only occasionally leaving his apartment in Rome .
It 's a gentle meditation on food and companionship .
-LSB- Di Gregorio -RSB- draws wonderfully unfussy performances from his nonprofessional cast and ... produces a film which feels so natural that it seems to be capturing real life
An Italian comedy so slight it practically evaporates ...
Mid-August Lunch is a sweet-spirited gem , warmly comic while showing the hassles of caring for aging relatives more honestly than 10 family sagas from Hollywood .
Charming but insignificant .
It was easy to drink down and pleasure to eat up , and while it did n't blow my mind or rock my world it left me fully satiated to the point I hungered not a single ounce more .
Not much happens in this wisp of a movie -LRB- it 's barely 75 minutes -RRB- , and not much is necessary ; it 's all about finding a mood and letting it sneak up and envelop the watcher .
Easy as a Sunday morning ...
A tasty tidbit of a film , Mid-August Lunch is one of those movies where almost nothing happens but it happens quite nicely .
As shimmering and insubstantial as heat haze ... an airy morsel that dissolves on the tongue , imparting only the faintest hint of flavor .
If Mid-August Lunch were a meal instead of a movie , it would be something light and quick , but not entirely unsatisfying . A green salad with a couple pieces of grilled shrimp on top , say .
You 'd have trouble finding another movie with such unforced appreciation of its elderly characters or such intelligent understanding of old age .
A delightful homage to the simple pleasures that life can offer no matter the age .
The droll Mid-August is a tribute to the gentle skills of Italian filmmaker Gianni Di Gregorio , who not only wrote and directed this unhurried chamber piece but also starred in it as a character he named after himself .
There 's no grand drama or payoff to sleepy Italian import Mid-August Lunch -- this is essentially Polaroid-type , snapshot cinema . But there is truth here , and in truth there is always some value .
It 's a trifle , but a trifle that sticks .
The movie is a perfect blend of calm execution and uninflected farce .
It 's like an episode of a superior television series that you 'd like to see week after week .
A film that brings the food and spirit of Italy to your doorstep in a light hearted set of afternoons with the grandmothers of Rome .
A droll geriatric comedy set during a Roman holiday in the heat of summer .
a pleasant diversion . Perfect for a Mid-August afternoon .
Delightfully acted by the cast , and directed with an unobtrusive hand . The feature wo n't win any awards for spectacle , but it might surprise most viewers , who 'll surely want to pull up a chair and join the conversation .
No one seems to have a clue about how to inject life into lifeless material ... a cinematic meal of soft , bland fare only .
The movie glows .
It 's like watching John Cassavetes trapped in a mega-episode of The Golden Girls .
The only whiff of passion comes from the sadistic care that has gone into putting garish clothes and makeup on the mother , which give her the ghoulish air of Jeanne Moreau in a fun-house mirror .
Feels more like an unsatisfactory appetizer than a satisfying main course .
In just 75 minutes the director convinces us that girls just want to have fun -- even when they 're 90 .
This may be a small gem of a film but it tackles a vast , too often ignored , subject . Mid-August Lunchportrays and embraces the theme of the inevitable-and natural-passage of time with grace , dignity and humor .
This enchanting film in which director / writer Gianni Di Gregorio also stars , offers a simple but mesmerising slice of life in suburban Rome in summer , where his protagonist Gianni finds himself at the mercy of the whims of four elderly women for the mid
Warm-hearted , subtle Italian comedy with likeable characters and an important message , though it does occasionally feel like a sketch that 's going on too long .
For every scene in which the old dears ' twinkly-eyed feistiness becomes a bit clichéd , there is another that gives a perceptive , touching view of these women 's lives .
A wonderfully patient , delicately observed film ; warm , generous , never for a moment sentimental or patronising , never exploiting dottiness and eccentricity .
The semi-improvised performances and gently nostalgic tone makes this endearing and captivating .
Underlying this amiable , thoughtful film is an assumption that age should bring with it respect - and however exasperated he gets , Gianni abides by this code completely .
Di Gregorio 's directorial debut is an unpretentious delight . It may be small in scale but it 's also warm-hearted , amusing and observant , and features endearing performances from its ensemble cast .
The beauty of this picture is that it does n't shy away from depicting the indignities of growing old - not the least of which is that none of your children wants to look after you - and yet manages to invest all of its elderly characters with dignity .
Mid-August Lunch is a film of rare benevolence that treats its subjects with dignity and playfulness .
Elegantly shot , and with a terrific tango-infused score , this is a quiet gem .
As single joke movies go , this droll , happy-go-lucky miniature from writer/director/actor Gianni Di Gregorio is easily one of the better ones .
Appealingly acted by a mostly non-professional cast and propelled by a moving score , Mid-August Lunch proves how small can indeed be beautiful .
The film is full of natural comedy ; his women could easily have been comic harridans , but they are too fully drawn , perhaps because the director allowed them to draw themselves .
Warm and wise , it 's a minor masterpiece .
-LSB- An -RSB- exquisite , coralled miniature .
It is a gentle wisp of a charmer that never overstays its warm welcome .
This warm Italian comedy takes a look at generational issues without getting preachy about it . Filmmaker-actor Di Gregorio 's almost fly-on-the-wall style continually catches us off guard with its humour and insight .
Slight of plot but rich in character ... A low-key gem .
A sweet little comedy , light on plot -LRB- and on time -- it runs a scant 75 minutes -RRB- , but full of merriment .
A charmer that 's a sleeper in the making
A thoroughly delightful Italian film about a nurturing man who finds his caregiving responsibilities greatly expanded during a summer holiday .
At best a cute anecdote that scrapes by at just over 70 minutes .






@highlight

Thoughtful , warm-hearted , and delightfully free of pretense , Mid-August Lunch offers viewers a light diversion with some surprising depth .