Oh Lindsay Lohan , where has your talent gone ?
A film that 's an utterly horrid exploitation of -LSB- star Lindsay -RSB- Lohan ...
The kind of film your parents will cite as the reason they do n't go to movies anymore .
The confused script trades in such heavy topics as alcoholism and child sexual abuse , but every dramatic scene plays like one of those schmaltzy Happy Days moments that inevitably drew a big ` Awwwwww ! ' from the studio audience .
Lohan acts out in muddled mother-daughter comedy .
A fluffy comedy about a young woman who was repeatedly raped by her stepfather .
Rarely awful , Garry Marshall 's films consistently exhibit a veneer of banality , and Georgia Rule is no exception .
Molestation , alcoholism and the other problems this dysfunctional family experience would be better dealt with truthfully , rather than with these stereotypical characters .
click for full review
Since when did sexual abuse find its way into a comedy?I guess when it 's part of a screenplay written by Mark Andrus and directed by Garry Marshall -LRB- `` Pretty Woman '' -RRB- .
Careless and predictable , Georgia Rule offers up the abuse victim 's `` sexy '' acting out as alternately beguiling and blameworthy .
-LSB- An -RSB- unruly , often bracing misfire .
The subject matter in Georgia Rule -- sexual abuse and alcoholism , for starters -- lends itself to drama , but Garry Marshall 's tone deaf direction and Mark Andrus ' sloppy script play it as comedy .
The only people who would be attracted to actually watching this film are n't going to be able to watch it anyway .
A family drama that flies all over the place and does not do justice to the serious ethical issues it raises .
... it 's ultimately difficult not to be drawn into the soap opera-ish exploits of the central characters .
If there 's not a dry eye in the house when Lilly and Rachel finally hug , it 's only because audiences will have cleared out by that point .
Time for a new book by Jane Fonda , and this time I expect a full chapter on how she got snookered into doing Georgia Rule .
Does anybody really want to see a quirky incest comedy ? Yuck .
Georgia Rule is n't a bad movie . It 's several bad movies in one , with a good movie trying to get out .
It may not be good news for casting agents and some directors , but Lohan is the real deal . She can act .
A genre-bending female empowerment flick masquerading as a titillating teensplurt .
A difficult film , with particulars that do n't work . But the cry-for-help desperation of its mother-daughter troika is mesmerizing .
Family values go up in smoke with Lohan pretty much as the incendiary device .
Georgia Rule is about as Lohan as it can go .
This uncomfortable dramedy plays like an awkward fusion of ` Little Women ' and ` The Accused '
Unlike the rest of today 's crop of Hollywood party girl bimbos , Lindsay Lohan proves once again that she actually has some talent . Why she feels a need to play like she 's a dumb Paris Hilton wannabe is beyond me .
Fonda 's Georgia is hatchet-swinging Carrie Nation and bromide-bleating Dr. Phil rolled into one .
Director Garry Marshall has too much confidence that he can match the weighty issues here with the light comedy . He ca n't . Or at least he ca n't with this cast .
The central problem with the movie is n't that it deals with several hot-button topics , but that it addresses them with a shocking lack of emotional honesty .
A tedious yawn with only a few bright spots .
In the end this film is genuine and sincere . It tugs at peoples emotions and if you have ever struggled in a mother-daughter relationship you can really relate .
It might have helped to put as many women behind the camera as we see behaving badly in front of it .
As the family tree in desperate need of psychological pruning , Fonda , Huffman , and Lohan are flawless in their execution of familial breakdown .
The brassy performances and pure , at-odds variance of Georgia Rule with much of Hollywood studio product make it a welcome-enough May visitor .
Lohan stalks around in short low-cut outfits and tries to seduce everything with a penis , from a missionary to her boss to her stepfather . Sound like fun for the whole family ?
There is enough to admire here that you may agree it 's worth a look . At the same time , the film does n't emotionally satisfy as strongly as it should . One thing 's clear though : this is Lohan 's picture , and she walks away with it .
The characters would be better off on the set of The Jerry Springer Show than anchoring their own film .
Georgia Rule does n't make you feel good ; it makes you queasy .
Spin it however they like , the troubled but talented Lohan is n't what 's wrong with this misbegotten mess .
You 'd think that decree No. 1 for a movie about rules would be to know exactly what kind of picture you 're making and selling . Georgia Rule fails that basic test , and a whole lot of other ones besides .
As an acting showcase -- the supporting roles are as rich as the leads -- Georgia Rule is undeniably one of the year 's best American dramedies .
It 's a creepy , tone-deaf movie about three generations of women .
A bar of soap is a repeated element in Georgia Rule , and rightly so . Suds rise in this capably acted fem-drama laced with slap-in comedy .
Frankly , it 's a wonder that stars Jane Fonda and Felicity Huffman did n't belly up to the bar alongside Lohan , once they read Mark Andrus ' screenplay , an atonal , ersatz mix of garden-variety family dysfunction and rank ` chick flick ' clichés .
If Hollywood keeps cranking out movies like Georgia Rule , specially tailored for the second Sunday in May , we should probably just cancel Mother 's Day .
Georgia Rule is a comedy-drama about three generations of women learning to love one another in a small town . It 's also an icky soap opera about these women coming to terms with a revelation of sex abuse .
A murky blend of melodrama and comedy .
Do not take your mom to Georgia Rule unless she 's Roseanne Barr . You may expect a three-generational chick flick , but what you get is a child-rape comedy .
Misguided at best and repellent at worst .
The actresses , notably Fonda , are fine , but the characters are a collection of clichés and behaviors that feel as patently false as the generic town built around them .
You can see what they are striving for , but Georgia Rule is so artificial , it feels like more of a flow chart than a slice of life .
No wonder Lindsay Lohan got scolded for missing work during this production ; I 'd also try to stay away as long as I could from a project that 's this confused .
Georgia Rule stars Jane Fonda in the story of what her life would be like if Lindsay Lohan were her granddaughter . Here 's a hint : It would suck .
Georgia Rule veers back and forth awkwardly between humour and drama , getting both wrong . The various family secrets and plot twisties in the tale are painfully , psych 101 obvious .
Not to excuse her apparent lack of professionalism , but can you blame Lohan for showing up to work in bad shape ?
If there is a ` What Were They Thinking ? ' Hall of Shame , there 's a whole wall preserved for Georgia Rule , a feel-good , mothers-and-daughters comedy about child sexual abuse .
There 's little gussied up in this surprisingly tart mother-child-grandchild reunion picture , written by Mark Andrus .
Georgia Rule is not just a bad movie , it 's a creepy one .
It 's a shame Lohan 's best work to date is bogged down in a film that wants to be in the same league as Terms of Endearment but is only marginally better than Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .
Georgia Rule is a bad idea dreadfully executed -- On Golden Pond with fellatio jokes and whimsical incest melodrama and Fonda playing her dad -LRB- who , more and more , she eerily resembles -RRB- .
There is formidable dramatic force behind many of the interchanges , but the balance between them is too tenuous , with Marshall tending toward glib mishandling of the gravely serious aspects of his story .
Not just another bratty teen movie , but one that delves into the intriguing and heartbreaking reasons behind the brattiness .
Playing a teenage tramp is not the best way to adjust a degrading public image . Georgia Rule .
Strong performances and its R rating help keep Georgia Rule from being a completely overemotional , Lifetime TV mush fest , but only slightly .
All three -LRB- stars -RRB- are compelling and vibrant , which will make many viewers wish the actresses had a stronger script to work with and a more confident director to guide them .
This is a sexual drama not for the squeamish or for the easily offended , but for those looking for adult entertainment and not the usual summer CGI whiz-bang this one fits the bill and then some .
Sloppy and awkward and inappropriate , as if the most insensitive student in the class was put in charge of the report on a sensitive subject .
The casting almost feels like some kind of cruel joke on Lohan .
Quite a bit smarter than some of director Garry Marshall 's other weepies ... but his big , happy , clumsy style ultimately is n't suited for finely tuned melodrama .
it takes a horribly serious and painful subject then tries to surround it with a bad parody of Hee Haw
Lohan 's an extremely talented actress when she wants to be and it 's roles in films like Mean Girls and Georgia Rule that proves she can be one of the great ones .
Georgia Rule wants to be a smart , funny movie about redemption and forgiveness , but none of the women in this film exhibited any of those noble qualities . Critic 's rule : save your money on this one .
A lighthearted romp about sexual abuse , alcoholism , and familial angst , and , as if that were n't bad enough , the movie wants to be taken seriously .
Certain words should be reserved for special occasions . ` Abysmal ' is one of them , and Georgia Rule is as special as such occasions get .
While it has all the ingredients of bad chick flicks , this does n't degenerate into total bathos , thanks to the electric Lohan . Without Lindsay , this would be a dud .
The most insensitive comedy ever about alcoholism or the softest drama ever about child molestation .
It 's an honest hard look at a very messy family , with a fantastic cast . The movie threatens to lose its way -- and its audience -- but ends up right where it should by the last scene .
Minow rule : If Hector Elizondo barely makes an appearance in a Garry Marshall film , watch out . If the only place Marshall can find for him is a few seconds on screen as a character with a funny name , the movie is in trouble .
How bad is it for actresses in Hollywood ? Well , three really good ones thought Georgia Rule was their best option .
With a different tone -- or in different hands -- its dark and light elements might have managed to coexist rather than vie so awkwardly for attention .
It 's Fonda who represents the movie 's real lost opportunity . Now that she 's back , which filmmaker is going to win the prize for figuring out how to put her gifts , and her looks , to use ?
-LSB- A -RSB- lively and occasionally funny but ultimately disappointing comedic drama .
The American public likes nothing better than a tragedy with a happy ending , William Dean Howells observed . But Marshall so cautiously downplays the tragic elements of his plot that the sweetness and light left a sour taste in my mouth .
Well-acted , sometimes amusing but flat-out tone-deaf .
Opening with a raunchy but light comic tone , the story veers into queasy territory .
It 's the kind of small-town movie that looks as if it was made by people who never set foot outside Hollywood .
Director Garry Marshall 's comedy-drama suffers from an unfortunate role reversal . The comedy is stunningly unfunny , while the drama is sometimes disturbingly funny .
Georgia Rule , directed by Garry Marshall from a script by Mark Andrus , swerves and spins , taking its predictable plot in some surprising directions .
Maybe Georgia Rule should be required viewing for Paris Hilton during her term in the slammer . But not for us .
A comedy about sexual abuse . Nice .
-LSB- C -RSB- elebrates acting like a selfish bitch , being reflexively promiscuous , and screaming a lot at everyone around you as the best way to overcome years of abuse : sexual , emotional , whatever . Try it , it 's fun !
The tone is so inconsistent that the only effect it has is to confuse the audience .
Even when the lack of forward motion in the narrative shines through , Georgia Rule is worth watching for Lindsay Lohan alone .
If there was ever a film project that deserved sabotaging , this is it .
Three noisy women and a worn-out premise rattle around in Georgia Rule , an incoherent dramedy of rampant parental insufficiency from director Garry Marshall .
A far better , more absorbing melodrama than its titular conceit would have you expect .
Combines battleship actresses of the Steel Magnolias variety , fall-down-go-boom comedy that was obsolete in the '30s , Lindsay Lohan 's cleavage and intergenerational fondling just for kicks .
With this film 's top-notch acting ensemble , Georgia Rule has the sad taint of what might have been .
It 's the sort of you 'll - laugh-you 'll - cry drivel that 's so beneath its talented cast you have to wonder how everyone ended up here -- sort of like Custer and his Last Stand .
A berserk combination of tasteless comedy and even more tasteless melodrama .
Garry Marshall has to be the most tone-deaf filmmaker at work today .
If you 're able to ignore all the lameness around it , some of this is actually enjoyable in a so-wrong-it 's - right , Showgirls-style way .
Lohan hits a true note of spiteful princess narcissism . Unfortunately , it 's the only note the film allows her to play .
Three talented women -- Fonda , Huffman , Lohan -- are totally wasted in this disappointingly written and acted chick flick that ca n't decide if it 's a comedy or drama about child and sexual abuse and thus goes back and forth in convoluted , manipulative way .
A messier-than-thou melodrama that 's guaranteed to repel .
The film 's blueness -LRB- in an X-rated sense -RRB- will turn some faces red , have the guys in the audience panting , and burn Lohan 's name into the marquee .
The subject matter is grim , the relationships are gnarled , the worldview is bleak , and , at any given moment , you suspect someone 's going to be hit with a pie .
This strained dramedy falls well outside of the director 's comfort level .
The audience may want to know nothing more than , Will Lohan look as good as Fonda a half-century from now ?
In the end , it 's just another concoction of unbelievable characters doing unbelievable things , and telling us nothing we have n't heard before .
So facile that it posits `` I love you '' as the quick-fix remedy for its characters ' myriad , deeply rooted grievances .
Convoluted , contrived and cliche ' - ridden , evoking Robert Frost 's `` Home is the place where , when you have to go there , they have to take you in . ''
Written with an ear for both comedy and painful intra-family relationships , Georgia Rule exceeds expectations with a smart yet sensitive screenplay and performances that work the drama as a way to wring humour from the characters .





@highlight

Comedic and dramatic in all the wrong places , Georgia Rule is a confused dramedy that wastes the talents of its fine cast .