The Shallows is an honest-to-god thriller-one that made me jump and cover my eyes during its most shocking and violent moments , and laugh at its most absurd -LRB- there are plenty of those -RRB- .
Where Open Water embraced the inescapable dread of the situation , The Shallows intercuts action with weepy monologues and blatant product placement , complete with jarring screenshots that clash with the elemental nature of the story .
The Shallows is kind of like watching Castaway meets Jaws
Okay , Collet-Serra has taken a few liberties -LRB- read : many gratuitous close-ups of Lively 's pert posterior -RRB- here but all said and done , this is without a doubt the actress ' most daring and challenging role to date . Blake Lively , take a bow . You rock .
The Shallows is a taut thriller .
It all works , thanks to Lively 's convincing performance and a cleverly structured screenplay from Antony Jaswinski that sees her brief hopes of salvation repeatedly dashed by the razor-sharp jaws of seemingly imminent death .
The Shallows is a solid B-movie that does n't pretend to be anything other than a B-movie . That goes a long way in a summer movie season in which several big budget blockbusters have overreached and failed .
The story is silly at times , but there are enough thrills to keep you at the edge of your seat .
It is serviceable summer entertainment and sometimes that 's all you need .
-LSB- The -RSB- movie , though , has no wit , dark or otherwise ; it 's too sappy to be lean and mean .
Somehow , The Shallows manages to just surpass the murky depths that most of those films sink to . It emerges as a surprisingly tense and entertaining thriller , though not one without its own set of unfortunate flaws and lost potential .
It 's no Jaws , but The Shallows is still a viciously , violently fun wave to ride .
At a brisk 86 minutes it never stops being entertaining ,
A likeable , efficiently executed popcorn thriller with no pretensions .
For those of us who prefer our survival dramas bare-bones and gritty , like Open Water , The Shallows may come across as the CW version . Its photogenic slickness detracts from its terror .
This is at best a guilty pleasure ; B-movie fun while it lasts .
Very effective , taut beach-borne thriller in which a lone surfer -LRB- Blake Lively -RRB- finds herself stranded between the beach and a large , hungry shark .
Equal parts taut and titillating ... until it jumps the shark in its final act .
Bringing plenty of ideas to this limiting predicament , Jaume Collet-Serra 's film gives us lots of gruesome shark action , while preserving its heroine for a big climax .
The thing is , the more the shark ceases to act like an actual wild animal in favor of like a bitterly obsessive stalker , the less frightening it becomes .
A shabby shocker might be what it is , but sometimes a really superlative shabby shocker is exactly what a body needs .
-LSB- A -RSB- reasonably entertaining , imprudently daft aquatic thriller .
Keeping in mind that you `` may '' have seen it all before , try `` The Shallows '' on for size . And , do n't surf alone .
The Shallows -LRB- apart from an ending that nearly makes the entire film sh*t the bed -RRB- is a hair-raising , beautifully executed and performed thriller ...
Before it gets pretty Sharknado , this is a fairly entertaining woman-versus-beast adventure .
A fair and visually beautiful homage to what made us feel scared of going to the beach . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It bites .
There also is n't a single dull moment , and it leaves us feeling like we 've survived a nail-biting brush with one of nature 's most deadly predators .
If your heart is n't pounding for most of the film , you 're not alive .
This is essentially Blake Lively wearing not much at all versus a special effect . But , it 's smartly done , with just enough twists and turns in the tale .
This survival thriller about a surfer precariously trapped just offshore by a predatory shark lacks one essential element : a performance motivated by a genuine lust for life from star Blake Lively .
Jaws had worst sequels but this is a good thriller . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In a summer when even a silly haunted house flick like The Conjuring 2 gets blown out to over two-hours , this lean , mean little scare machine is an unpretentious treat .
On its own brutally efficient B-movie terms , The Shallows works exceptionally well .
The shark is almost incidental , which is what keeps the movie from achieving some sort of genre greatness ... but it is bloody good . It 's crazy tight , extremely well thought-out and Lively , mostly in close-up and mostly in peril , is excellent .
Entertaining and scary ... especially on a big screen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's some enjoyable moments that matches the beautiful landscapes of the film but it has one of the worst endings ever . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The narrative 's aims and its lead character are n't interesting or original enough to sustain the film 's duration .
The realism of the early scenes -- leaving aside Nancy 's unaccountable willingness to be stranded alone in a remote place -- is replaced by increasingly silly scenes that lead eventually to a nonsensical conclusion .
Compact enough to get its point across without throwing too many random elements at the screen , this is simple but relatively intelligent cinema .
Jaume Collet-Serra 's woman-vs-wild thriller is beautiful , bigscreen Hollywood nonsense that manoeuvres/manipulates the viewer into the kind of submissive state only the finest summer crowd-pleasers can achieve .
I 'm calling it : the most epic showdown this year is n't between grunting titanic superheroes with petty beefs to work out , but Gossip Girl alum Blake Lively and a great white shark .
What it lacks in emotional depth , The Shallows more than makes up for with bite , as well as a knowing sense of its own absurdity .
It 's like Collet-Sera has taken the opening scene of Jaws - - the one of the skinny dipping woman becoming shark bait -- and made a whole guilty pleasure film out of it .
It 's no Jaws by any means , but there 's still enough atmosphere in The Shallows the the end result is a surprisingly and effectively constructed summer-thriller .
A movie featuring nothing but Blake Lively in a battle of wits with one very agitated shark . And it delivers more than many of the big-budget blockbusters that have crashed and burned in recent months .
... a compelling and tense popcorn movie ...
Taut , thrilling , and viciously fun , The Shallows is a great summer thriller that perfectly demonstrates the truth of that old adage : sometimes less truly is more .
If The Shallows sounds like the name of a sitcom family composed of character-types from dumb movies , it is at least an accurate description of everything related to this idiotic shark movie , not least its heroine .
Collet-Serra knows his genre stuff and layers this basic girl-in-bikini v monster premise with shrewd tension and submerged suspense , finding inspired new ways to terrorise .
About half of what is now going on in all cinema is the product of technological advances in film-making and The Shallows makes much more intelligent use of them than the superheroes do .
Collet-Serra brings a touch of class , milking a decent amount of tension from a shameless B-movie premise .
A one dimensional affair that starts with its central tussle and works backwards , equipping its heroine with all the necessary skills and lucky breaks she requires to defeat her foe .
It ca n't be easy to make an entertaining film the majority of which sees nothing more happening than a woman sitting on a rock , but Collet-Serra and Lively make a great job of drawing the most from the very limited tools at hand .
The Shallows looks pretty good and rattles along at a lively pace . It is , however , profoundly silly .
Nancy is just too generically conceived to represent anything more than moviedom 's latest damsel in distress .
Pure popcorn thrills . Whips up visceral suspense and maintains it till you 're breathless as it cements the arrival of ` woman versus nature ' as a subgenre .
Unlikely to keep anyone out of the water ... but perfect bait for a Friday night .
For the most part a decent , well-crafted thriller ...
The Shallows is effectively a one-hander and Blake Lively handles the heavy lifting required to make us care about Nancy and believe in her plight with effortless aplomb .
The real surprise about The Shallows is that it provides such depth of characterisation .
If you 're looking for a short , sharp hit of sun-soaked adrenaline -LRB- and who is n't ? -RRB- , you wo n't do any better than The Shallows .
Like 127 hours in a bikini .
Gulp your doubts and follow the imperilled girl into adversities that turn this summer shark dish , if not into Jaws , then into a twisting , biting , exciting loner-in-crisis drama .
Collet-Serra 's rigorous craftsmanship and Lively 's muscular-in-every-sense movie-star performance ... ensure every attack and counterattack convulses and grips .
Displaying an exemplary commitment to knuckle-biting tension , director Serra has made a riveting B-movie .
Dive right in to ` The Shallows . '
The breakout star here is an injured bird -- a seagull Nancy names Steven -- which stays with her throughout most of her ordeal and provides comic relief befitting a B-movie .
Whilst it is not without its flaws , The Shallows is one of the most fun movies to hit the cinema this summer .
It 's a stellar role for Lively , who ... is amassing a respectable body of work across genres .
This delivers pretty much everything you could possibly want from a film featuring Blake Lively being menaced by a shark .
As the third act transforms -LSB- Lively -RSB- from clever to a superhuman psychic superhero and the shark from a carnivorous fish to a scheming assassin hellbent on revenge , the average B-movie tension is replaced by toothless lunacy .
It 's a lean and fast genre movie which shows that some superhero franchise really should give Blake Lively something decent to chew on in the future .
An exhilarating shark tale worth getting more than a little bit excited about .
Had it embraced its shlocky B-movie undertow more wholly , a cult classic could have been the result .
Sheer momentum and a fairly engaging turn from Lively keep the story from becoming so slight that it might wash away .
If nothing else , you relate to Nancy on a human level and ca n't help but imagine yourself in her situation and think about how well you 'd fare .
For those looking for some unpretentious midnight-movie thrills , Collet-Serra 's film works on the most basic primal level .
The stripped-down thriller The Shallows is effectively unsettling . Its simplicity-this is girl vs. shark , no filler-is its greatest asset .
Indeed , there 's nothing deep about this latest thriller featuring a stranded person facing the elements at sea .
It ends up becoming a bad parody of the original shark movie by Steven Spielberg . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
You do n't have to be a surfer to appreciate the action .
A thriller full of suspense , horror , and existentialist drama packed in a minimalism film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A minimalist exercise on how to build tension . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Probably one of the most entertaining summer films of 2016 . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Unpretentious and efficient , this taut ` B ' film -- the B is for beach , bikini , Blake Lively , bites and blood -- makes the best of its limited resources and geography .
The film never feels like it stops moving forward , much like the Great White itself , which has to keep on constantly swimming or it will die
A really entertaining summer film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A delivery of careful and well-modulated tension when it could have merely been another run-of-the-mill bloodbath with bad special effects .
An uneven film , with some involuntary humor scenes that take you out of the horror spectrum completely . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Blake Lively delivers a solid performance in this summer movie without any artistic pretensions . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In a summer of retreads ... it 's nice to get something tiny , something new , something borrowed , something true .
An really enjoyable B movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In spite of it 's flaws , the movie will keep you on edge for most of its running time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If you 're not too picky and buy the premise of the film , you 'll probably enjoy it . Maybe I should 've done that . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Collet-Serra delivers one of his best films to date thanks to great visuals , great use of cinematography and his narrative style . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A visual masterpiece , the cinematography by Flavio Martinez Labiano is excellent . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Lively anchors the film with her tough yet tender performance , which is easily her best work to date .
After a run of palpably mediocre thrillers , Jaume Collet-Serra bounces back with an erratic yet often thoroughly engrossing shark movie that 's more engrossing than most similarly-themed efforts -LRB- including , impressively enough , Steven Spielberg 's Jaws -RRB- .
Director Jaume Collet-Serra hard-sells the primal fear , building suspense with simple methods .
Once you make it past the ill-fitting techno music as Nancy paddles into the break and a hungry shark strands her on a rock , the film grows into a decent thriller .
The shark movie we never knew we needed .
A B-movie that can swim competitively with the main attractions .
Filmed like the sexiest dolphin alive , Blake Lively is shark bait in The Shallows , an efficiently preposterous thriller . The predator may not be hungry ; he just wants a closer look .
Lively 's melodramatic power remains untapped .
An intense and well-made thriller that will make viewers nervous before they step into the ocean this summer .
It 's a one-woman show for Lively just as Gravity was for Sandra Bullock , well-written by Anthony Jaswinski and showcased by Jaume Collet-Serra 's tense direction and the expert editing of Joel Negron .
A fun piece of throwaway cinema , The Shallows is a sleek , beautifully shot , and mostly satisfying thriller that plays it smart and simple , only faltering by opting for a schlocky climax .
-LSB- Lively -RSB- deserves the credit here : first she is sunny and sentimental , then she grows desperate , tough , and just enough of a fatalist at the end .
I could n't wait for The Shallows , because , again , it has Blake Lively fighting a shark , but then it made me wait 60 more minutes for the movie I was hoping to see .
The Shallows is the cinematic showdown of the year , and nobody saw it coming . I dare you to see this movie and not have a good time .
It 's a nice bit of close-quarters cinema , offering some jolts and scares before the obligatory WTF ending .
A movie you can sit down to with some beers and chips , and enjoy the tense survival thrills , and unique beauty of Blake Lively .
The Shallows is as simple as survival movies get , where it 's nothing more than woman vs. shark .
Scary & suspenseful , causing a feeding frenzy at the box-office .
Sometimes less really is more .
The Shallows is a terrific little thriller that might just leave you dreading your next trip to the beach .
Here is a good old-fashioned suspense thriller about a strong-willed young woman and a big mean shark .
Too goofy to be taken seriously , although Lively 's performance is quite decent .
The Shallows is almost a good movie .
Slight story .
`` The Shallows '' is just that , often ankle-deep and unable to see past its own snout . But there 's just as much good here as bad .
A fun , effective popcorn thriller , perfect for summer viewing . It provides a steady dose of thrills and an A + Blake Lively performance .
Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the sunlight following what 's proving to be a rather desultory summer movie season , along comes The Shallows to drive everyone back into the deep end of the auditorium .
You 're gon na need a bigger Blake -LRB- and you 're going to get one -RRB- in Lively 's enjoyably trashy shark-survival movie , the definition of summer fun .
A splash of fresh seawater in the face of a rather dismal summer movie season . It 's very cheesy , which is how escapist summer cinema should be , and part of its charm is that it 's not self-reflective enough to be aware of its own cheesiness .
The Shallows serves up plenty of thrills and scares , but it prioritizes taut storytelling over character building .
Surprisingly beautiful sharp-toothed summer schlock .
It 's a lot easier to create a problem than to solve one . That 's the fatal flaw of The Shallows , a well-intended thriller that stumbles across the finish line .
`` Shallows '' could do with a tighter edit , but it summons panic where it needs it the most , restoring some much needed fright to sharksploitation festivities .
It 's good old-fashioned suspense featuring a career-defining performance , terrific cinematography and excellent sound and color .
Beyond Lively 's hard work , not much here makes sense .
Blake Lively vs. shark in tense , bloody ocean thriller .
Working in The Shallows ' favor is a gutsy performance by Blake Lively .
A few jump scenes stand in for true suspense , with nothing here coming close to eliciting the response that even just John Williams ' signature `` Jaws '' score managed by itself . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - Available -RRB-
The movie does its job , if not a lot more , and it does it in a slick , quick 87 minutes . Thank you .
Is `` The Shallows '' a thriller for the ages ? No , but it 's decent popcorn fare .
swims right along the line between barely credible and flat-out nuts-a modest , swift , silly thriller
A thoroughly enjoyable screamfest reminding us that it 's still not safe to swim in the ocean .
School 's out , schlock 's in - no lessons here .
For what it is , `` The Shallows '' works .
The key missing ingredient in `` The Shallows '' is any motivation to make this movie other than a summer-time diversion .
Things go beyond ridiculous when it comes to the shark 's vindictive mindset , but they got that way in Jaws too , you may recall , and nobody whined about it much .
There are better killer shark movies than The Shallows -LRB- and there are killer shark movies that are gloriously worse -RRB- , but Jaume Collet-Serra 's film is toothsome enough to be worth watching .
Imagine an off-brand remix of the Tom Hanks movie Castaway with better hair , an exponentially more attractive lead , and almost none of the weighty philosophizing about human insignificance .
Think of the film instead as the jellyfish that Nancy encounters in one fraught scene : lightweight , translucent , by turns graceful and awkward . And occasionally capable of a surprisingly potent jolt .
Played out with precision and skill , it delivers everything it suggests it will and then some . Terrifyingly good .
Director Jaume Collet-Serra and screenwriter Anthony Jaswinski build the tension steadily until they throw the kitchen sink at the screen in a frenetic , silly ending that spoils what had been an entertaining nail-biter .
It 's all patently ridiculous . But Blake Lively , director Collet-Serra and a digital shark show no mercy in hooking us with the B-movie tension . And we bite .
Navigating halfway between blatantly bonkers and bitingly brilliant , The Shallows sadly got stranded in beautiful but bush-league .
Clocking in at a lean and mean 86 minutes , it takes its deliberately simple premise and comes close to knocking the damn cover off of it .
The setup is lean , the star is Blake Lively , and for 60 of its 80 + minute runtime the film has some serious teeth , until the final stretch bites off more than it can chew .
The Shallows is a great-looking film , peppered with overhead long shots of the amazingly clear water , and some terrific underwater photography as well .
-LSB- Lively -RSB- acquits herself well here , especially in the vulnerable-to-shark-attack department .
This is a good leave your brain outside summer movie that is a good alternative to any of the superheroes on the summer slate .
A fitfully entertaining mix of offscreen gore and Maxim-esque T&A .
The Shallows is a thoroughly mediocre specimen of the externalized-grief survival flick , distinguished by a strong performance from Gossip Girl alumnus Lively .
-LSB- W -RSB- hile it might not always be more , sometimes less is just right .
A snack-size thriller that is n't quite enough to satisfy .
Director Jaume Collet-Serra exploits every aspect of his production for a tightly paced , immersive visit to Paradise under assault .
The progression from personal drama to surf film to -LRB- wo -RRB- man vs. nature story to full-on creature feature is smooth , even expert , and always managed with handsome panache .
It 's not the next Jaws , but it 's taut and clever . That 'll do nicely .
The Shallows is brisk and engaging , and a great vehicle for Lively . The film has the sort of breathtaking cinematography that will inspire you to visit the ocean . And a story that may stop you from ever going into the water again .
Lively turns in a fantastic performance in a tale that can be summed up in three words : Woman Versus Shark . From this bare-bones , bare-cartilage premise , director Jaume Collet-Serra wrings 86 minutes of nail-biting emotional trauma .
really goes off the deep end in the final act , switching from harrowing tale to dumb action movie
This is silly stuff but often genuinely scary , with excellent aerial and undersea photography and some persuasive special effects .
The Shallows is an effective B-movie thriller , and this is owed in no small part to Lively , who manages to deliver a woman-in-peril turn that 's equal parts magnetic and unexpectedly deadpan .
If you 're looking for a quick and satisfying summer thrill - a reminder that all you really need to make a movie is a girl and a flare gun - then the aptly titled Blake Lively-vs . - shark thriller `` The Shallows '' should serve you nicely .
The Shallows pushes the buttons it 's supposed to push for a summerthriller , even if the outcome is as deflating as it dumb .
The Shallows is effective and scary , with a terrific performance by Blake Lively .
Yes , there 's shameless bikini ogling , but what could have been throwaway exploitation is instead a frequently gripping portrait of dire-straits resourcefulness .
The girl kept talking and strategizing as heavy string music played on the soundtrack .
The most important parts , the ones involving the shark , do n't feel genuine .
If you 're in the mood for a thriller with a little action and you want to see Blake Lively in a bikini , then maybe The Shallows is worth an hour and a half of your time .
If the amount of surfing/suffering/staring-at-dark - skies footage rendered in slow motion were depicted at normal speed , `` The Shallows '' would run about a minute and a half .
It 's just good enough that you only wish it was better .
When ` Jaws ' came out in 1975 , one of the advertising taglines was ` Do n't go in the water . ' For ` The Shallows ' one can suggest an alternative : ` Do n't go into the theatre . '
We 're gon na need a bigger boat ? '' `` We 're gon na need a smaller bikini , '' more like .
Thriving on its straightforward simplicity and sheer pins-and-needles force , `` The Shallows '' is a crackerjack summer thriller .
When Nancy is facing off against the shark , Collet-Serra gives the character and audience little breathing room .
The Shallows may look like it 's all for show , but this tropical nightmare quickly flashes a wicked bite as well .
The Shallows excels because instead of fleshing out anything extra , director Jaume Collet-Serra enhances the simplicity with great precision . It 's gill-ty fun .
Clocking in at a svelte 87 minutes , the film knows its audience and the limits of that audience 's patience with fare like this .
There are times where the special effects and editing are n't as sharp as Lively 's performance deserves . But it 's still a taut , brutal film , pitting a ravenous sea creature against a woman as hard as coral .
A tiny , lean , stripped-down tale of survival unleashed into a wasteland overrun with blockbuster giants , it plays David to the many Goliaths , offering a reminder that less is more in an age when more is always mistaken for more .
A surfer is trapped by a shark in this taut survival-horror picture anchored by star Blake Lively 's committed performance as the resourceful would-be prey .
The Shallows is n't bad as much-needed escapist summer fun
It 's pretty intense ! You never know when this Giant Shark is going to leap out of the water right into your face .
It 's not going to make anyone forget Jaws , but it delivers the kind of breathless tension that justifies its existence .
Not quite Gravity meets Jaws , but closer than you 'd think , The Shallows is taut , succinct , and possesses the requisite amount of thrills and shocks to enliven the summer schedule .
Unequivocally the best shark movie since Jaws .
`` The Shallows '' sports plenty of B-movie gusto , but this thriller never fully rises above its predictable survival storyline . That said , there are pleasures to be had in watching Collet-Serra and Lively try to wring every scare out of this simple scenario .
A film that is patient , atmospheric , and that delights in delivering escalating thrills of a smaller but more valuable variety .
Lively can act , and she does a good job with a very difficult role here - holding our interest and sympathy for a feature-length movie with no one to talk to for most of it .
Lively may have been cast primarily for her physique , but she proves a compelling heroine all the same .
Surrounded by so many bloated , unsatisfying summer movies , The Shallows is as refreshing as a quick dip on a hot day .
Blake Lively gives a terrific `` solitary '' performance in this effective little horror drama .
What makes the film churn so forcefully for so long is Jaume Collet-Serra 's visual acrobatics .
What could have been mere summertime chum is actually one of the more cleverly constructed B-movies in quite some time .
Straight , simple and primal .

@highlight

Lean and solidly crafted , The Shallows transcends tired shark-attack tropes with nasty thrills and a powerful performance from Blake Lively .