An elegantly staged British costume drama from the Victorian Age that however failed to move me .
This is everything a period drama almost never is : underplayed , witty , poignant and , above all , real .
Fiennes is excellent -- delivering both the charm , charisma and showmanship we expect and the flaws and the weaknesses we do not .
Far more attentive to visual storytelling than most actors who step behind the camera , Fiennes conveys shifting dynamics through his characters ' positions within the frame .
It 's unhurried yet confident , familiar yet provocative . With fine cinematography by Robert Hardy -LRB- Blitz -RRB- , most ` Expectations ' will , indeed , be met .
The performances are first-rate -- Fiennes and Jones are stellar , as are Kristin Scott Thomas as Nelly 's mother and Tom Hollander as playwright Collins -- and the score and period details are sumptuous . But the film still drags .
The Invisible Woman is a beautiful picture with strong performances , but made unnecessarily convoluted .
The Invisible Woman is so subtle and secretive that it sets a record as the most low-keyed of its usually feverish genre .
The Invisible Woman is a fine-looking period piece and Fiennes has an eye for nuance as Dickens tries handling the public news of his private life in a world that has just discovered the thrill of newspaper gossip .
As if deliberately choosing to cast the most milquetoast actor he could find to be ` invisible ' , Jones is completely unable to register the fierce eroticism and longing that is needed for her character .
The pleasure and the drama come in watching for the real emotions peeking beneath the fancy costumes and flowery dialogue -LRB- by screenwriter Abi Morgan -RRB- , all the more fierce because they must be repressed .
Solid , beautifully shot and acted , leisurely paced costume drama that ca n't hide ... that its central love affair is illicit . What I found fascinating was its depiction of just how an affair was run in such a situation - in those days , among such people .
The Invisible Woman is a satisfying romantic drama that explores a very complex relationship .
Felicity Jones gives a strong depiction of repressed emotion . Up against Fiennes ' Dickens -- all bonhomie , energy , mercurial self-consciousness -- she 's a melancholy figure .
The Invisible Woman , overall , is a film of intelligence and subtlety , and Jones 's performance as Nelly reflects exactly those qualities - she brings Nelly , with all her complexities , doubts and conflicted loyalties , vividly to life .
I wanted to believe in the intensity of this relationship and it just was n't there for me .
The passion that forged this relationship has to be imagined : it 's not shown
Exquisitely directed by Fiennes , who also delivers convincingly in his portrayal of Dickens , there is a poetic quality about the film with its dreamy cinematography , ethereal music and wonderful sense of time and place
Despite being saddled with all of the demands that come with directing , Fiennes turns in one of the best performances of his career .
This is not a film about the good-hearted Christmas-loving Dickens .
Fiennes and his team recreate 19th-century England with a precision that , in its more stifling moments , rekindles memories of Merchant Ivory .
-LSB- Felicity Jones ' -RSB- gorgeously vulnerable , yet seductively secretive performance is generously allowed to be the star turn by a twinkly-eyed Fiennes -LRB- who also , elegantly , directs -RRB- .
Fiennes approaches his story intelligently , and adds poetic visual flourishes to Abi Morgan 's fine script .
It 's Fiennes 's portrayal of the complex , driven private man behind the boundless enthusiasm and charisma of Dickens 's public image that makes his performance special .
Expressing much while often saying little , Jones proves once again to be a mesmerising screen presence , a performer behind whose face you can see the most complex and subtle thought processes at work .
Dickensians will love it . Most everybody else will find is passes the time very agreeably .
Fiennes 's confident direction captures every nuance in a subtle , accomplished and intelligent piece of film-making .
Fiennes has neither disgraced , nor distinguished himself , with this solemn soap . He wants to tell Nelly 's story but the real woman - and the man she spent 13 years of her life with - slips through his fingers .
A fascinating true story becomes a deeply repressed movie in the hands of writer Morgan -LRB- The Iron Lady -RRB- and actor-director Fiennes .
-LSB- An -RSB- entirely worthy but rather ponderous film about the adulterous affair between Charles Dickens and a young actress , Nelly Ternan .
The story of Charles Dickens and his secret mistress is no romance , and no modest costume drama , either . It 's a tale of women being practical because they had to be .
This is an engrossing drama , with excellent performances and tremendous design by Maria Djurkovic .
It 's the film 's small , quasi-serendipitous moments that remain with us .
The period piece is elegantly , if modestly mounted , though the flashbacks are a structurally clumsy device that fails in its attempts to place Jones ' character at the center of the story .
In this slow-paced drama it 's hard to care about anyone other than Dickens ' put-upon wife Catherine .
Fiennes ' abusive romance makes visible the hidden hypocrisies of the Victorian age .
Impressively directed , emotionally engaging British costume drama with a sensitive script , stunning production design work and terrific performances from a fine ensemble cast .
In pedigree and accuracy , The Invisible Woman is not in doubt . But with so many questions left unanswered , it feels like a love story unfulfilled .
As this so-called invisible woman , Felicity Jones has great presence and yet the passion that would drive Dickens to compromise his moral standing is never fully expressed and the `` great man '' remains a remote figure .
As a sort of counter-programming to the relentless pep of American Hustle or The Wolf of Wall Street , may we suggest Ralph Fiennes ' stoic and tastefully oblique Charles Dickens biopic ?
The sheer warmth and liveliness of Fiennes 's Dickens means he 's impossible not to like .
The script is tepid , and Fiennes ' direction so restrained that even a train crash feels flatly sluggish . And , in the end , the invisible woman reveals too little .
One for lovers of ravishing craft , although the elusive emotional engagement is frustrating .
Chasing Coriolanus with another multi-tasking success , Ralph Fiennes crafts a moving account of a secret affair - with Felicity Jones riding high as the lady in question .
Fiennes seems intent on showing us the shackles of Victorian morality but his characters barely rattle the chains .
While there is a certain languidness of pace that might put off a certain kind of modern moviegoer , Fiennes manages to convey a sense of period that runs deeper than Merchant-Ivory or Downton Abbey nostalgia
The problem with `` The Invisible Woman '' is that it 's not all that captivating or relatable .
Though The Invisible Woman is a good , surprisingly complex and thoughtful film -- it is about as far as it 's possible to get from ` action-packed . '
Gloomy , Masterpiece Theatre-style exposé .
Jones is a wonderful young British actress . She 's enormously talented and self-effacing , and a perfect choice for Nelly .
Jones is quite good and reason enough to invest a couple of hours in this film .
Both leading actors blow hot and cold , though they 're frequently on target .
Fiennes , who also directed , crafts a vividly human and likable character impossible to dismiss as an old , whiskered perv .
As handsome as it is , and scandalous as the affair was in its time , it all comes off feeling rather tame in what ends up being a largely inert exercise .
When the Dickens-Ternan relationship becomes physical , Fiennes presents the event as more a redundancy than a revelation . A truer consummation occurs earlier , when Dickens allows Nelly to read ` Great Expectations ' in manuscript form ...
Dickensian scholars might even declare , `` It 's a pip ! ''
Crucially , we stay at the side of the conflicted Nelly , and Jones proves as powerful in nuanced moments of quiet emotional availability as in Nelly 's few , stirring allowances to speak truth to male privilege
Fiennes and screenwriter Abi Morgan adapt Claire Tomalin 's book with delicate grace , presenting love as blessing , curse and , perhaps , inevitable force .
I 'm a big fan of Felicity Jones , and this Fiennes guy sure knows how to direct .
Both Scanlan and Fiennes are splendid performers , but this movie belongs to Felicity Jones .
Why did this bright , vivacious , intellectually engaged girl willingly lock herself up in a wealthy man 's seraglio ? Put bluntly , what did she get out of it ? In the end , `` The Invisible Woman '' remains a mystery .
It 's wonderfully cast ... and beautifully designed ; a quiet pleasure .
A rather sleepy love affair for Charles Dickens .
It 's the subtext of 19th century gender politics that keeps this footnote in Dickens ' life mildly interesting , but it 's a not much upon which to rest an entire movie .
Gorgeous and painterly from its opening frames and directed with a sure hand by its star Ralph Fiennes .
An air of complacency hangs over the project ; its condemnation of Victorian sexism makes us congratulate ourselves for our more enlightened views .
Even if you do n't entirely buy this version of events , director Ralph Fiennes has given us a speculation that works as drama . It 's an elegant bit of goods .
A literary love story that 's rooted in repression .
Jones might be the best young actress who no one 's buzzing about .
Sumptuously made , with stellar performances from Fiennes and Felicity Jones , Woman stuns with its cinematographic beauty and batters with its mournful examination of increasing isolation .
There 's plenty to like in Ralph Fiennes ' `` The Invisible Woman , '' but unfortunately , the title proves all too apt .
Its period-piece trappings may be a little dull , but the story they tell is worthwhile .
A tale of two flawed , fascinating creatures for which you should have great expectations .
It 's a beautiful and melancholy tale told in a deliberate , intelligent style but , regrettably , lacking in urgency and passion thanks to writing and performances that often keep us at arm 's length .
Ralph Fiennes stars as Dickens and directs , bringing an unexpected sensitivity but an unwelcome lack of focus to this footnote in literary history .
Fiennes , who 's getting awfully good at directing himself and everybody around him , envisions Dickens as something of a rock star in 19th century London , a popular , glad-handing figure who ca n't step out in public without an adoring audience swarming .
Thoughtful , intelligent , well rendered version of Charles Dickens ' last days .
Dickens 's love is touching in a Chekhovian way.It can only bring sorrow , as it is not returned by the young woman he covets . That 's the gutsy decision of the filmmakers .
This look into the life of one of the world 's greatest authors opens up an examination of the cost of celebrity and fame on Dickens and those closest to him .
Fiennes reveals just what a fiercely energetic force Dickens was . With her fulsome mouth and hazel eyes , Jones offers a convincing mix of youth and precocious awareness .
It not only resurrects figures from Dickens ' own life , but gives them some of the richness , humanity and frailty that mark those he created on the page .
Contrary to what some may believe , ` The Invisible Woman ' is not a horror picture . It 's a horrid picture . Dull as the day is long .
Shot with a stillness that serves to reinforce the restlessness in its characters ' souls , The Invisible Woman offers a fascinating view of a young woman whose eagerness and energy are slowly compromised ...
While the whole thing is Victorian to the flower-patterned mantlepieces and oil-lamp lighting , this is a living , breathing portrait of people caught by familiar emotions and imprisoning social codes .
Ralph Fiennes ' second directorial effort is impressive in its evocation of restrained emotion .
Using deceptively simple setups that tend to place his character centre-frame , Fiennes as actor and director pulls us close enough to hear his thoughts in every facial gesture . And more than anything , what we hear is `` help me . ''
Given what is factually known , The Invisible Woman is admirably accurate but without more speculation and embellishment , it 's also rather bloodless .
-LSB- A -RSB- compassionate , clear-eyed , beautifully conceived portrait ...
Fiennes ' Dickens has blood in him : if it 's cold blood , it 's still blood . There 's enough going on in The Invisible Woman to demonstrate that Fiennes is n't just an actor to admire , but a director to watch .
Ralph Fiennes , working from a screenplay by Abi Morgan , has brought this story to the screen in a film that will appeal greatly to Dickens enthusiasts and those who enjoy British costume dramas .
Ralph Fiennes does a marvelous job as Dickens and as the director of this film .
It is Fiennes , not Felicity Jones in the title role , who makes this lovely but tame period piece worth watching .
In some scenes , Fiennes is too free with the handheld camera . But he does make the movie all-aquiver , rich in feeling .
In the scenes of Dickens acting on stage or delivering a public reading , Fiennes ' bravura transcends itself ; it becomes something magnificently real , a sort of divine extroversion .
`` The Invisible Woman '' is a strong movie about a young woman who makes a choice and then lives with it , accepting the reality of knowing all and yet having to stayinvisible .
As good as Fiennes is , Jones is even better .
Fiennes , working both sides of the camera , creates a deeply flawed Dickens without alienating our acceptance of Nelly 's love for a man who perhaps could not distinguish his public persona from his personal one .
For as much as Ralph Fiennes 's predictably charismatic portrayal of Dickens anchors the film , it is Jones 's subtle but dynamic performance that resonates .
Fiennes and the screenwriter , Abi Morgan , have mounted an accurate re-creation of Victorian England , but the affair is n't much of a story-at least , not as realized here .
It 's worth a look for the acting and the accoutrements .
This is only Fiennes ' second directorial effort -- following the gutsy 2011 Shakespeare adaptation Coriolanus -- but it 's already clear he 's as indispensable a director as he is an actor .
The Invisible Woman at its best does justice to the complicatedness of its characters -- just as Dickens did as a writer .
Dark and secretive , emerging from the shadows of history .
If you 're looking for a cure to the common English period prestige picture , Ralph Fiennes 's The Invisible Woman fits the bill nicely .
Although the production values are exceptional , especially the costuming , this is about as captivating as watching paint dry .
Fiennes seems intent on preserving factual details , but the resulting story probably could have used some embellishment .
It turns out to be as compellingly dramatic as anything -LSB- Dickens -RSB- put on the page .
The Invisible Woman gives us a plausible image of the great man in the fullness of his celebrity , and an affecting portrait of the woman who lived much of her life in his shadow .
A delicate counterpoise of passion and restraint , The Invisible Woman is a major work in a minor key .
There 's nothing here you have n't seen before - or see around you , today - and very little reason to go into a theater and see it again .
Told with a finely calibrated poetic obliqueness that draws the viewer into the relationship 's gradual unfolding , the film represents a formidable achievement for Fiennes as both actor and director .
a story where the woman in question is never asked what she might want , as though she were in some kind of arranged affair instead of marriage
The Invisible Woman is slow to build - but worth its wait in gold .
You may become impatient with the leisurely pace of `` The Invisible Woman '' and its occasional narrative vagueness , but its open spaces leave room for some of the strongest acting of any contemporary film .
The Invisible Woman finds Ralph Fiennes proving as adept behind the camera as he is in front of it .
With -LSB- Felicity -RSB- Jones , we watch a woman - and a performance - become both more defined and increasingly limited , until there 's almost nothing left of her .
Directed tastefully by Ralph Fiennes , `` The Invisible Woman '' is very lovely to look at . But it lives up to its own title too well .
Handsome and intelligent , it 's nonetheless a tepid portrait of a relationship that would be unremarkable were the gentleman not Dickens .
There 's plenty of fun here for anyone partial to expertly done period dramas . The costumes are wonderful , and it 's particularly enjoyable to watch rehearsal scenes in a 19th-century theater .
By refusing to consider that Dickens and Ternan ever brought each other any happiness , the movie is more Victorian in its attitudes than even some Victorians were .
A meticulously rendered , tasteful and moving period drama .
Perhaps the most visually beautiful film this year , Ralph Fiennes ' triumphant second time at bat as a director is an intelligent and deeply moving account of a little-known but vital part of Charles Dickens ' life .
A romance about stolen liberties in a repressed moment , this pulses with passion and purpose .
Charles Dickens ' affair will be appreciated by Merchant-Ivory fans while others will find the film slow moving .
Mr. Fiennes admirably humanizes the characters while exploring their contradictions and emphasizing their feelings .
The period detail is exquisite , down to the last antimacassar , but the storytelling is so inert that the furnishings steal the focus .
As straight-laced as its Victorian-era setting , the film lacks gusto .
Falls into many of the stuffy and passionless trappings the genre has too often been mired in .
If only the whole movie had been about Catherine and from her point of view , it might have been a story worth telling .
A quite brutal exploration of love ; a notion that Dickens himself was known to portray in his work .
Offers a fine cast in period costume and setting , a quiet subtle score , and careful Victorian cultural references though not the broader lit-crit jokes of , say , colorful ` Shakespeare in Love . '
A Charles Dickens biopic directed by Ralph Fiennes with fetching costumes and a well-acted romantic drama .
Ralph Fiennes 's film feels not so much rooted in the past as it is mired in conventions about how to portray that past .
Ralph Fiennes both stars -LRB- as Dickens -RRB- and directs with an exacting eye to period detail and there are great performances across the board , among them Felicity Jones as Nelly Ternan and Kristin Scott Thomas as her mother , Catherine .
The movie 's a hushed and hesitant thing , extremely beautiful in its camerawork , lighting , and editing , and extremely British in its repression .
As a filmmaker , Fiennes maintains a subdued tone that 's alternately too restrained to make the drama fluidly engaging and impressively studied in its depiction of the couple 's ups and downs .
For all of Fiennes ' impressive attention to detail , it 's a flaw that likely could only be overcome by a palpable spark between the picture 's two leads . Unfortunately , that 's an even bigger problem than the script .
A first-rate portrait of Charles Dickens 's secret affair with a young actress .
An unlikely Dickensian romance , but Ralph Fiennes shines in the limelight .
A narrative as emotionally repressed as its subjects must have been .
A revelatory performance by Felicity Jones is the chief but hardly only virtue of Ralph Fiennes ' impressively crafted Dickens tale .
An enthralling and beautifully performed period drama ...
Fiennes has done the right and proper thing here . He has , at 50 , made a mature movie , prudent in the best possible sense .
Fluid , handsome and confidently contained , it benefits from the actor-manager air of Fiennes 's presence as Charles Dickens , which is bustling and authoritative but frequently offstage .
The Invisible Woman only grows more and more uninvolving as it progresses ...
Ralph Fiennes has rarely been better than he is as the 19th century 's most celebrated novelist , with his chops on screen just about matched by what he 's done behind .

@highlight

Its deliberate pace will frustrate some viewers , but for fans of handsomely mounted period drama , The Invisible Woman offers visual as well as emotional cinematic nourishment .