A greedy billionaire 's most feverish nightmare realized with all the amateurish panache of a daytime soap opera .
There are ironic footnotes in cinema history because they champion the free market yet fail miserably in it .
The Bad Boys II of **** ty propaganda films , morally and aesthetically corrupt yet compulsively watchable in the broad strokes . Somewhere , in heaven , Eisenstein is laughing . Hard .
The acting is better than in Part 1 but the fact this is the middle segment leaves the audience that might like it dissatisfied
The film 's excruciating unwatchability transcends politics .
Atlas wo n't be the only one to shrug off this tiresome load .
Rand 's detractors will hate the movie as much as they do her , but her fans will be satisfied ...
A niche movie on a par with any cheapjack faith-based picture , which is why it resembles one -- and only the most ardently faithful need apply .
It 's still kinda bad , but at least this movie wo n't be an industry punchline for years to come . ... Oh , what a difference competence makes .
Seriously , if this is the best promotion of itself that the free market can manage , it really would benefit from the help of a Ministry of Culture or something .
Director John Putch struggles to find balance or generate a single spark from the clunky mix of romance , political diatribe and thriller .
The producers are going to have to hire a better director if they want moviegoers to be curious enough about this Galt guy to buy a ticket for the presumptive third and final chapter .
The portrait of American gloom and doom has its layers of meanings and philosophies , but I 'd rather approach Atlas as a clumsy B-movie with occasional entertainment value .
It 's consistent with its predecessor as a somewhat awkward translation of Ayn Rand 's 1957 novel to our current era , handled with bland telepic-style competency .
A disaster as a film , Atlas also is laughable in its presentation of Rand 's ideology .
If the novel Atlas Shrugged is ultimate libertarian porn , then the first two installments of the screen adaptation are soggy softcore .
New viewers are n't expected to jump into the dense story now , and anyone coming back for seconds is predisposed to believing this is the most important movie of the year . Sean Hannity or another right-wing mouthpiece told them so .
The people behind the Atlas Shrugged series of films have things they want to tell you , and just to make sure that you know what they are , the movies tell you , and tell you , and then tell you again .
Proving the theorem from Todd Solondz 's Palindromes that different actors can play the same role without losing much continuity , Samantha Mathis plays Dagny with all the lifelessness Taylor Schilling brought to the original role .
I did n't hate this movie . The first one was far worse -- mercifully , the cast and director have all been replaced .
A stupid person 's idea of what a smart movie sounds like .
`` Atlas Shrugged : Part II '' is political economy written with crayon .
Rather than refresh the cast with new actors , the producers would have done better to just digitally reanimate Patricia Neal and Gary Cooper , the stars of the 1949 adaptation of Rand 's The Fountainhead .

@highlight

Poorly written , clumsily filmed and edited , and hampered by amateurish acting , Atlas Shrugged : Part II does no favors to the ideology it so fervently champions .