A psychologically rich dreamscape of alarming violence and latent human pain
Lynne Ramsay 's filmmaking in You Were Never Really Here is gorgeously precise . We feel there is n't a shot or an image that is n't there for some reason , though the reason may not at first present itself .
A few individual moments crackle , but it 's ultimately disappointing to see an artist as unique as Ramsay wrestling with something so familiar .
It 's sad and stunning and stressful and sometimes so darkly funny you actually wonder if you 've dropped into another filmic world where such things can intermingle .
Extraordinarily , Ramsay 's film is not about people ; instead it uses them and their bodies to explore American systems of power , and the abuse that develops within .
Comparisons to Taxi Driver strike me as overly simplistic , though comparisons to John Hinckley Jr. 's reaction to same are less off-base .
You Were Never Really Here is a brutal film . You 'll certainly flinch more than once , sometimes at what you think you might see rather than what you do .
Lynne Ramsay 's astonishing film , You Were Never Really Here , adapted from Jonathan Ames ' noir novella is a taut , hypnotic drama . It is also one of the best films of the year .
While the film is supremely engaging , it is Joaquin Phoenix , who breathes life and intrigue into its cold existence .
Neither Ramsay or Phoenix put a foot wrong in a feature that dials up its intense revenge thrills to astounding levels .
You Were Never Really Here is an exceptional film ... -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
You Were Never Really Here is an outstanding piece of noir ... -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... takes the skeleton of an action movie and uses it as a scaffold on which to build a bleak and confronting portrait of trauma and loss .
Ramsay 's fourth feature does not hide his debts with classics such as Taxi Driver -LRB- Scorsese , 1976 -RRB- and even the seminal western The Searchers -LRB- Ford , 1956 -RRB- , but the British director knows how to create truly absorbing images . -LRB- Complete review in Spanish -RRB- .
-LSB- Lynne -RSB- has an ability to bring out the best in her actors and create rich and seamless narratives her sensibility is built into the details , down to the soundtrack and the intimacy created by moments of tender normalcy that find their way into the script
Like an impure lovechild of Nicolas Winding Refn 's Drive and Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver , Lynne Ramsay 's You Were Never Really Here is a tense , brutal revenge picture , featuring a terrific Joaquin Phoenix performance .
Phoenix gives one of his best performances yet , and Ramsay 's talent ca n't be denied . Unfortunately , the end-result is style over substance , thanks to weak writing/story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ramsay created a parable about the perversion in which Joe -LRB- Phoenix -RRB- ends up involved in and the awful realities of that underworld . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Expelled , destroyed and brutally intense . -LSB- The film -RSB- is a piece of difficult but tolerable suspense ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Lynne Ramsay conserves the essence of film noir , but presents them in such a innovative way that they seem almost unrecognizable . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Director Lynne -RSB- Ramsey , a consummate artist , creates a complex portrait of post-traumatic stress syndrome ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ramsay gives us a laser-focused thriller closer to Herman Melville than the usual Hollywood fare .
Director Lynne Ramsay cuts away anything thrilling , or even compelling . It 's a vigilante movie so aestheticized that it loses its energy - knuckle sandwiches with the crusts cut off , served on a doily .
Its strength lies in its ability to surprise , which comes directly from experiencing a cruel , cruel world the way a severely traumatized man sees it . It 's how Joe makes sense of his reality that says the most about human fragility .
You Were Never Here has an upsetting , dreamlike quality that lulls you through its 129 minutes and holds you on the edge of a precipice that never fully delivers .
Phoenix comes close to delivering a near flawless performance that will continue to haunt long after the end credits fade away .
A prime example of the work that can be produced if , instead of arguing with a `` difficult '' director , you have faith in their abilities .
At once horrific and poetic .
... a fairly conventional premise that 's employ to consistently -LRB- and increasingly -RRB- avant-garde effect by director Lynne Ramsay ...
You Were Never Really Here does n't quite work for me ... but it is certainly worth watching once it hits streaming services for Phoenix 's performance alone .
... a harrowing evocation of life as a trauma survivor .
Incredibly good at building up that lacerating , painful feeling through image , through sound , through psychology , through the agonies on Phoenix 's face .
Maybe the film will be best enjoyed by those who are hammered .
In its skittering vision of innocence corrupted , the film 's beauty spellbinds even more .
Even eschewing plot excesses , Ramsay would n't be so successful without the arresting cinematography by Tom Townend , the brilliant score by Radiohead 's Jonny Greenwood , and the unblemished editing by Joe Bini .
In You Were Never Really Here , Lynne Ramsay 's status as an artist of uncompromising originality and skill is stronger than ever .
Just something that you see and ca n't unsee , and you keep thinking about it ... it gets into your soul .
-LSB- Director Lynne Ramsay -RSB- adapts Jonathan Ames ' bear-paw swipe of a novelette and turns what could have been a lurid potboiler into a bracingly strange thriller centering around its protagonist 's troubled head .
Ramsey steals a dozen little tropes from movies like `` Reservoir Dogs '' and `` Taxi Driver '' to piece together a baloney narrative that hangs together like wet seaweed on the beach .
This is an amazing movie that 's not for everyone .
You Were Never Really Here has less success breaking the mold for its genre , but explores the often ignored corners in thoughtful and intriguing ways .
The movie gives us glimmers of trauma from Joe 's childhood life , but they 're never explained , simply served up as fractured psychological backstory .
Writer-director Lynne Ramsay 's masterful thriller turns the `` hitman movie '' genre on its ear with a fractured , impressionistic style that matches Joe 's jumbled mind .
Phoenix is in complete sync with Ramsay 's cryptic style - he slugs through the action as though bearing the weight of a thousand unspoken guilts .
What it lacks in straightforward narrative structure , it makes up for in chest-level punch , and `` You Were Never Really Here '' lands like a blow to the sternum .
Un fascinant hybride de drame psychologique et de film de genre , à la fois dense et minimaliste . -LSB- Full review in French -RSB-
Watching You Were Never Really Here , I could n't help marveling at the combination of daring and commitment it must have taken to make a film such as this , one that has little interest in reassuring an audience
Extraordinary filmmaker Ramsay uses the gritty thriller genre to comment on the effects of a lifetime of violence . And in the mercurial Phoenix , her film resonates with a brutal beauty as one man 's suicidal state is channeled into a righteous force .
-LSB- Joaquin -RSB- Phoenix at his brooding-est also can be a lot to handle , although his best moments in a surprisingly vulnerable performance come in the moments between the outbursts .
One of the problems is the tone Ramsay is trying to set . Is `` You Were Never Really Here '' an artistic action movie ? Or is it a character study of a damaged individual ?
It seems to me that Ramsey 's achievement here is to take an unpleasant genre exercise and make it into one that is merely frustrating .
Expect this film , with its relentless brutality and aching sense of wonder , to seep into your very marrow .
'' -LSB- Director Lynne -RSB- Ramsay has created an unnerving and aggressive cinematic experience . There is a thin layer of grime that coats the narrative that is extremely hard to shake . ''
Captures the nihilistic fever of TAXI DRIVER .
It 's an extraordinarily violent film , yet it 's peppered with small moments of poignant grace .
`` Features a gross , down-and-dirty performance from Joaquin Phoenix , probably the grungiest in a career full of them ''
You Were Never Really Here is not a film that particularly wants you to `` like '' it . But with its highbrow talent and arty flourishes , it all but dares you to admit that you disliked it . Challenge accepted .
-LSB- T -RSB- he sheer power of artistic skill on the screen is striking and demands attention ... This is what we mean when we say we want films that make us feel , and it 's something -LSB- director Lynne -RSB- Ramsay has done consistently through her entire career .
How does one see , how does one listen , but mostly : why must one remember ? Crunchy , galvanic , volatile , tactile and brutally , weirdly funny ... The world is terrible beauty . Nearly every image is lapidary confection but without preciousness .
Ramsey blankets You Were Never Really Here with a woozy daydream fabric , moments that seem to have come in-between rational thoughts and are more like impulses or intuition .
Phoenix 's nuanced yet epic performance-the guy 's perfected pushing the brink of losing control-melds well with Ramsay 's impressionistic style .
With You Were Never Really Here , Lynne Ramsay has molded a sleek masterpiece , unafraid of the notion that , in the end , we may all be lost to our own pain .
Yes , derivative to a fault . But Cannes award winner Phoenix is powerful as shattered combat veteran .
You wo n't have a fun night at the movies if you choose to see You Were Never Really Here , to be sure , but you will certainly have a memorable one .
You can never accuse Joaquin Phoenix of phoning in a role ; he always throws his entire body weight at a character , and this time that body weight is bulked up , his battered dad bod on full display in several scenes .
-LSB- Phoenix -RSB- , the mumbling master of smug self-indulgence , dons another layer of Emperor 's new duds to favor us with a performance as subtle as a fart in a sardined elevator and twice as odiferous .
We do not deserve Lynne Ramsay .
-LSB- It is -RSB- anchored by Joaquin Phoenix 's most damaged characterization since The Master .
-LSB- Joaquin -RSB- Phoenix is at his shell-shocked best as the haunted Joe , veering between explosive violence and surprising tenderness .
Upsetting , dreamlike , original and beautiful in a horrible way .
In a case of trying to run before knowing how to walk , Ramsay tries to make a different kind of action movie without bothering to master the rudiments of the form .
Joaquin Phoenix has never been shy about going big if the role called for it -- and maybe even if the role did n't necessarily call for it -- but his performance here ranks as one of his best because of what happens between the outbursts .
The film 's a brutal , cerebral exposé that 's bone-bruising in execution .
You Were Never Really Here has been beautifully if discordantly crafted .
A real stunner .
Ramsay 's storytelling reflects the broken mind and soul of this man . Her style ... understands that this man is working on some unstoppable , unappeasable impulse .
Ramsay 's screenplay is based on a novella by Jonathan Ames , which scans as the leanest of prose . Ramsay turns it into violent , visual poetry .
There 's Phoenix 's performance to admire , but in the end it seems to have been generated in service of a film that 's more a visual exercise than a potent drama with something to say .
It 's more lucid nightmare than film , just as terrifying and self-fulfilling as anything your subconscious could conjure .
It 's masterful work from one of the best actors of his generation .
You Were Never Really Here amounts to more than a Taxi Driver for our time . Despite the obvious homage , this is a Ramsay film , rooted in the Glaswegian auteur 's feverish , kaleidoscope style .
A journey to the deepest levels of the dark side , `` You Were Never Really Here '' is an art-house crime thriller that succeeds on every technical and creative level .
You Were Never Really Here is a demanding film , but it 's not a reckless one . To watch it is to see a rigorous and intensely creative filmmaker at work .
`` You Were Never Really Here '' is as uncompromising as films get , a kind of concentrated trip through the violent thoughts and actions of a seriously disturbed man who also happens to be the hero .
-LSB- Lynne -RSB- Ramsay shoots -LSB- john 's -RSB- operations with the same lean , clinical skill with which he executes them : a master class in melding of performance and editing .
Audiences , particularly heterosexual male audiences , still eat up the old rugged-individualist noir cliches . It 's about time a female director of serious nerve threw the genre a curveball .
A visceral viewing experience , but it 's not vital work from Ramsay , who returns to her screen interests and habits , covering artful ways with blood and noise .
This strikingly well-crafted film is a return to director Ramsay 's singular strength as a filmmaker : radical empathy for damaged , vulnerable characters .
It 's like a Charles Bronson movie directed by Alain Resnais .
You do n't watch You Were Never Really Here . You fall into it , one shot and sound at a time .
Through it all walks Phoenix as Joe , and rarely has this mercurial actor seemed so simultaneously threatening and vulnerable , unstoppable and lost .
You Were Never Really Here is a visually arresting , hypnotic , distressing fever nightmare look at PTSD ; Joaquin Phoenix is sensational . This film will never leave your mind .
On screen , it 's not very deeply felt . Phoenix gives his all , but Ramsay plops us down in the middle of Joe 's breakdown , before we can get our emotional bearings .
Ramsay 's limber direction and another phenomenal leading performance by Joaquin Phoenix lend the material an aching sensitivity and an arrhythmic but persistent heartbeat .
`` You Were Never Really Here '' is a good film , maybe even a great one . But I ca n't honestly say that I liked it .
Aside from a gritty , sticky feeling , as if I 'd worked up a sweat during a sandstorm , I walked out of the movie uncertain if I 'd even experienced it at all .
Led by a career-best performance from actor Joaquin Phoenix , You Were Never Really Here shows that writer/director Lynne Ramsay is certainly here without a doubt .
The film 's violent mood is brought out in its dark hues and shadows as the wild-maned and bearded Joe , a man of few words and all action , dispatches the enemies of goodness .
If you 're left a little in the fog as to what 's happened and why , it 's not a drawback : The execution is so assured , you simply go with the flow of striking , suggestive images .
Ramsay has concocted a lean , mean movie that skimps on specifics yet still packs a wallop . It 's one of the most remarkable examples of less-is-more storytelling in recent memory .
This is cinema in every sense , the kind of film that demands your full engagement with every moving part of film as a medium as it unfolds .
Like its protagonist , an efficient , sensitive and , in bursts , gruesomely violent punch to the gut .
You Were Never Really Here is hard going : easy to revere , fascinating to explore , but nagging in its grimness and , were it not for the rooted presence of Joaquin Phoenix , difficult to believe in .
-LSB- Lynne -RSB- Ramsay 's abstractions take their most productively aggressive and abrasive form here , throwing Joe 's agonies at us like grenades .
This psychological portrait cum modern pulp noir is not for the faint of heart , often playing like an homage to the last fifteen minutes of `` Taxi Driver , '' but the film 's horrific elements are cloaked in a state of grace , Ramsey 's achievement remarkable .
You Were Never Really Here is a breakdown shot in hyperdrive , lean , economic , utterly ruthless and made with fiery craftsmanship .
Joaquin Phoenix has found the perfect filmmaker for his talents in Lynne Ramsay , an impressionistic master .
Joaquin Phoenix 's haunting performance galvanizes this bleak but powerful thriller .
A taut and almost unbearably intense 90-minutes , without an ounce of fat on it . Ramsay does n't give you a second to breathe .
A fascinating case study of a man losing himself to the seduction of violence while caught in the whirlpool of trauma 's lasting tentacles .
With a jarring 11th-hour twist , -LSB- director Lynne -RSB- Ramsay leaves you pondering what menace lies beneath all those familiar sights and sounds .
Style overwhelms substance ; characters recede into a fog of endless setup accentuated with Johnny Greenwood 's meaningfully strident score .
Joaquin Phoenix is simply stupendous in a revenge thriller from the brilliant Scottish filmmaker Lynne Ramsay that gets under your skin and makes it crawl . You wo n't know what hit you .
-LSB- We see -RSB- an actor who relies not on his own recognisability , but his ability to make a character recognisable , who takes the exploitation flick staple of a broken veteran out for revenge and makes him real .
You Were Never Really Here may be something of a blunt instrument . But it still managed to knock me out .
The gravity and force of Mr. Phoenix 's performance and Ms. Ramsay 's direction are impressive , but it 's hard not to feel that their talents have been misapplied , and that there is less to the movie than meets the eye .
It 's not just a great thriller , it 's a great film about psychological collapse .
Lynne Ramsay 's You Were Never Really Here could be considered artsy exploitation , a film whose formal dexterity belies its debts to its chosen , and quite squalid , genre .
Bleak but effective thriller is brutally violent .
Joaquin Phoenix is mesmerizing as he walks through an adventure like a man in a fog .
You Were Never Really Here is a masterpiece of monstrous beauty and grief-stricken rage that burrows under your skin and into your head , and refuses to leave .
Here , for once , style delivers substance .
But this being a -LSB- Lynne -RSB- Ramsay joint , there are other factors at work here . Her lean , electrically-charged film is really about trauma and it 's grim , far-reaching effects .
The director , Lynne Ramsay , has a talent for arresting imagery and the generation of disturbance ... Yet this , and Phoenix 's considerable screen presence , are not enough to carry the film on its own : it needs ballast , and elsewhere there is only schlock .
This one is as challenging and unpredictable as its star .
-LSB- Director Lynne -RSB- Ramsey creates a highly subjective experience with her visuals largely mirroring the rocky instability of Joaquin 's Veteran Joe .
A stunningly lean and intense avenger noir , its thriller storyline studded with cryptic flashbacks and off-kilter violence .
What 's interesting about this film is not so much its story as the clammy , visceral way Ramsay tells it . It 's breathless , bleary stuff , pure cinema , and Joaquin Phoenix is superb in the lead .
Slow and idiosyncratic , it 's difficult to know which is working harder -- the driving score by Radiohead 's Jonny Greenwood or Joaquin Phoenix as a traumatised , hammer-wielding hitman hired to find a senator 's daughter .
If the test of great acting is to make it physically impossible to imagine the actor in any other role than the one you were watching , then Phoenix here nuzzles up to the greats .
I 'd happily pay to see this movie again . And again . Phoenix and Ramsay are demonic upstarts . And for most of this movie it 's just heaven to be by their side .
Phoenix 's jittery performance chimes beautifully with Jonny Greenwood 's unnerving score , Thomas Townsend 's astonishing cinematography and Joe Bini 's boundary-pushing editing .
From the disorienting opening to the enigmatic finale , Lynne Ramsay is always really here , her commanding vision shining through every frame .
a disorienting , dreamy take on the revenge thriller , with suicide an ever-present possibility and recovery -LRB- in every sense -RRB- the near unattainable goal of the mission .
Odd , uncompromising , but brilliant .
I found it mannered , over-directed , listing towards the pretentious , and all too aware of its own strangeness . But it 's never dull .
What a film .
Nasty , nihilistic and nightmarish , this is tight as piano wire and twice as deadly .
You Were Never Really Here is brilliantly made , daringly structured and invested with jumpy , lurid lyricism . But this stylistic triumph fails to resonate emotionally .
If you 're still with the movie after the first ten minutes you 're probably with it for the long haul -LRB- and possibly for life -- it lingers -RRB- .
It 's a film distinguished by the force of its images and the compression of its narrative , and while its impact leaves you dazed , you ca n't quite believe that what you 've just seen ever happened .
Based on the novella by Jonathan Ames , the film has the casual , sadistic violence of a Tarantino film , but none of the narrative inventiveness , as far as I could fathom . Or narrative clarity .
The excellent film that you never want to see again - to that harrowing honour roll we now add You Were Never Really Here .
-LSB- director Lynne -RSB- Ramsay creates many memorable images and evokes a disorienting atmosphere .
The film is a bad trip so trippy you could start to enjoy its fortissimo miserabilism .
An intense and brutal thriller , this is our millennium 's Taxi Driver
Ramsay is now four for four , one of our most exciting filmmakers . If she could not leave it so long next time , that 's just fine with us .
You do n't watch a Ramsay film - you 're consumed by it . You Were Never Really Here is the greatest testament to that .
Lynne Ramsay returns with a scuzzy , stripped-back thriller focused on the man , rather than the mission .
Nothing plays out as you expect , with Ramsay maintaining an unsettling staccato that keeps both the action and the viewer on edge .
Arguably among the finest films of the decade , with career-best work from Phoenix and masterful direction by Ramsay .
Even if the film meanders a bit in the beginning , the wait is worth the final product .
You Were Never Really Here is a gem for action fans and arty connoisseurs alike . We 're all very lucky it 's really here .
A film of external beauty in Ramsay 's visual language and sound design but it 's anchored by the internal work of her leading man .
Presents itself as just your run of the mill revenge thriller , but as a character study of a killer it is anything but run of the mill .
This is a stunning , gut-punch of a film though , technically adept and masterfully acted it thumps others of the genre into mush , showing that a Taken-style story need n't be redundant of art .
-LSB- Lynne Ramsay 's -RSB- latest work is a triumph of style .
... a raw thriller ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's the rare film that , after the overwhelming first viewing experience , does n't feel like hyperbole to call a genre redefining masterpiece .
One of -LSB- Jaoquin Phoenix 's -RSB- best recent works . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Director Ramsay 's -RSB- return seals her standing as one of our most fearless and forceful filmmakers , if not one as prolific as she deserves to be .
You Were Never Really Here is a bold piece of storytelling , with a dream-like feel that evokes its hellish , predominantly nocturnal world very compellingly .
A transcendent , at times almost dangerous film .
Ramsay has pulled off the extraordinary , crafting a muscular and tightly wound masterpiece that ripples with a haunting complexity and features an intensely riveting performance from Phoenix .
Phoenix feels like a fish in the water playing another moron in a silly story , as poorly written as directed . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Unlike his previous works , Ramsay goes to the point giving a class of narrative synthesis . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This film -LRB- or at least this version -RRB- looks like a failed experience of the Scottish director in the United States . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Joaquin Phoneix is irrefutable , turned forever into Ulysses , into a simple wound . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of the most surprising aspects of this movie is the conception of Joe , the protagonist played by the ever-laudable Joaquin Phoenix . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film confirms Ramsay 's status , who has not filmed enough . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film does n't cease to show and to force its style and the staging ends up being excessively pretentious . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The greatest strength of the film comes from the intensity with which the face , body and movements of a magnificent Joaquin Phoenix are captured . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Joe is , to all intents and purposes , a ghost . The camera know it , and from there our fascination to contemplate it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is a work where you sit back and let a master storyteller guide you - you may not always know where you 're at , but are constantly rewarded for your patience .
In these staggeringly taut 85 minutes , Ramsay sees a hopeless universe in a jelly bean .
Ramsay has made a terrific short story , economical as hell but also so moment-for-moment gripping that you want to pore over its every shot , its every dark cranny .
Lynne Ramsay has made a film that burns so much brighter and cuts so much deeper than any such story has a right to . Do you remember the first time you saw `` Taxi Driver '' ?
An exhilarating , tense and beautiful film .
One of the most ferocious indictments of systematic abuse of power and gender violence ever projected on a screen .
You Were Never Really Here is a brutal , punishing watch , but every minute is a masterclass in filmmaking .
To watch Phoenix , an actor at the height of his dramatic powers , on screen and under Ramsey 's direction makes You Were Never Really Here something of a must-see .
There are multitudes in here , but not a second is wasted . It is a brash , noisy , violent picture , but it is also a subtle , intricate , thoughtful one .
You Were Never Really Here is a powerful assault of a film , but it 's missing its director 's inimitable poetry .
For all of its meticulous construction and often masterful craft , the film remains something to coldly admire rather than easily embrace , often playing more as a collection of accomplished filmmaking moments than as a fully enthralling whole .
A psycho-noir featuring a stunning lead performance by Joaquin Phoenix .
Ramsay has made more sensually rapturous films , but this may be her most formally exacting : No shot or cut here is idle or extraneous .
It 's a mesmerizing illustration of -LSB- Ramsay 's -RSB- ability to treasure small gestures and whispered exchanges over exposition to construct a tapestry of alternately gripping and melancholic emotions .
The ghost of Travis Bickle haunts this nightmarish and humidly absorbing psychological drama from Lynne Ramsay .
You Were Never Really Here presents as Ramsay 's first genre offering , ramping up the body count and bloodshed , while maintaining her usual focus on unusual characters .
A brutal , unforgiving 21st century Taxi Driver with an awards-worthy performance from Joaquin Phoenix as a hammer-wielding , blood-soaked avenger in search of salvation .

@highlight

Bracingly elevated by a typically committed lead performance from Joaquin Phoenix , You Were Never Really Here confirms writer-director Lynne Ramsay as one of modern cinema 's most unique -- and uncompromising -- voices .