There 's a streak of darkly funny absurdity running through the film as well , not least in the climactic in-the-street showdown , which finds John Travolta 's wooden-leg-toting marshal caught awkwardly in the middle when the bullets start to fly .
Typical western with some shrill women .
In a Valley of Violence may ultimately present an unflattering view of humanity , but West bracingly restores the compassion that even Tarantino himself seems to have let slip through his grasp in his own recent Westerns .
It seems that West 's quirkiness involves no point at all , other than to create a familiar setting , throw a bunch of idiots together , and watch them act out their violent tendencies to somewhat predictable ends .
A sincere letter of love from its director to the genre , perhaps less risky and hoarder than might be expected , but equally enjoyable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Turning his recent slide into middle-aged paunch to his advantage , Travolta allows a glimmer of the charisma he wielded in Pulp Fiction to shine through .
In a Valley of Violence is a fusion and modernization of old genres , particularly Spaghetti Western , and though not without flaws , it is mostly an entertaining thrill ride .
Revenge has n't been this sweet in a long time .
The movie does n't feel all that original or groundbreaking , but it does look good , has some solid acting , mixing in some nice dark humor for an overall good time .
It 's tucked onto some strip of tonal desert between kitsch and deathly seriousness .
West is an impeccable craftsman , his storytelling chops as fatless and near-faultless as ever .
When the dust clears , the movie suggests that everyone gets the ending they deserve , for better and ... no , pretty much the worst . Only the worst really . But the road there is compulsively watchable .
West , making his first foray into westerns , does n't control the tone . Its somber , bone-dry gruffness crumbles to dust , only to be replaced by adolescent jokiness .
It 's a worthy addition to a classic genre .
Announces itself as an unabashed B-movie from its pre-credits scene ... and never worries itself about being anything deeper than that .
At once homage and send-up ... a genially goofy oater that 's not quite clever enough to be more than an amusing trifle .
In a Valley of Violence is just great entertainment with real stakes , big laughs -LSB- and -RSB- exceptional performances .
If you saw John Wick you have a pretty good idea of what happens when bad guys mess with the hero 's dog .
A wonderful western with that distinct flavor Ti West injects in all of his films ...
There 's a hint that director Ti West is joking , mostly thanks to the occasional , actual joke and a gallery of stylized performances . But what 's the joke ?
Funny , thrilling , gripping and , yes , filled with imaginatively staged carnage .
In a Valley of Violence does not take itself too seriously -LRB- a great asset -RRB- , but it also takes itself just seriously enough that it 's not empty snarky parody .
West subverts some genre conventions to amusing effect , but despite the game cast , the film consistently steers itself into predictable directions .
Taissa Farmiga and John Travolta are excellent in Ti West 's brilliant pulp western , In a Valley of Violence . The set-up is simple , really as straightforward as it gets ; but the execution is damned entertaining .
-LSB- T -RSB- urns the tables on a familiar formula by giving us a hero who is a man , not a myth .
Some old Western tropes are trotted out for another ride in the overly slick In a Valley of Violence , another example of a too-hip director who fancies he can make a Western .
Spiked with dryly funny exchanges and lovingly shot by Eric Robbins on 35-millimeter film , `` In a Valley of Violence '' nevertheless feels exasperatingly two-dimensional .
If you enjoy westerns , and enjoy new riffs on the time-tested genre , it 's a good , weird time .
A fun riff on spaghetti westerns . Ethan Hawke and -LRB- especially -RRB- Jumpy the Dog are outstanding .
A by-the-numbers spaghetti Western that 's kind of slow and uneventful-and the world has no shortage of those .
This smartly cast , vengeance-fueled oater proves mighty entertaining in its own right .
Writer-director Ti West brings not an iota of originality to his handling of this material .
It 's a doozy of a movie , refreshingly spare and focused on the essentials of the tradition , showcasing West 's continued development into a memorable creative force .
In a Valley of Violence juggles Western tropes with the skill of Wyatt Earp in a gunfight .
A straight-up Western that hits its target by aiming low .
Character development is crucial to a story of this sort , but West does n't give his leads enough close-ups for their emotions , desires and fears to be clearly discerned .
In the final 20 minutes , West seems to finally figure out what kind of a movie he wanted to make .
It 'd be a doggone shame if people miss this updated , rather wild western .
A loving and slightly off-kilter homage that hits its genre-essential notes with aplomb .
While perfectly entertaining , this western-for-wiseacres is also a little undernourished .
The film is quite hilarious and on par with Tarantino 's recent work .
Along with a ton of laughs , a terrific score , a great cast , and the best movie dog since Up the Creek .
West recaptures not only the look and sound of Spaghetti Westerns , but the unsparing nastiness at their center .
The film communicates a sense of pastiche unpredictably giving way to a raw and primordially intimate emotional realm .
It feels as though West was so happy to be playing with classic Western tropes that he never bothered adding anything to them .
It 's an excellently-made imitation , but coming from a director whose made a career of tilting the familiar , it 's a disappointing detour .
With an enjoyable atmosphere , solid performances from Hawke , Travolta , Farmiga , and one gifted canine , In A Valley of Violence ends up a solid entry in a genre gradually fading from mainstream cinema .
If there 's one simple rule of life to follow , it 's to never get between a man and his dog , and that 's the theme at the heart of In A Valley of Violence .
In a Valley of Violence is just downright entertaining , with all the tropes of a Sergio Leone-esque gunslinger flick without being gratuitously explicit in the formulaic recreation of probably the most enduring of all the American genre .
As the violence escalates , an absurdist dose of humor is added to the mix , injecting the film with a distinctly modern sensibility that is welcome and does not let up .
The most surprising thing about Ti West 's In a Valley of Violence is how funny it is . That 's not something you 'd necessarily expect from a revenge Western .
Ti West 's In a Valley of Violence plays like a grim , Eastwood-style genre revival before some conspicuous Tarantino-influenced humor infects its climactic showdown .
Suffice to say , this departure from West 's usual run of seriously freaky spook shows is a brilliant piece of work , cordite-scented sorrow and last-laugh gags stabbed through with a discernible lust for life .
In a Valley of Violence is a refreshing and highly entertaining blend of thrills , laughs and Western essentials . It could and should be a game changer for director Ti West .
A semi-satisfying revenge drama that could have been a real corker if it were n't woefully predictable and under-developed .
In A Valley Of Violence is a thrilling tale of Western revenge with rawhide grit , finding constant , and surprising enjoyment in gallows humor .
West 's grasp of the rhythms and the grace notes of the Western idiom is undeniable , but he never seems to find a film worth telling within it .

@highlight

In a Valley of Violence offers a smartly conceived homage to classic Westerns that transcends pastiche with absurdist humor and a terrific cast .