Ultimate misfire though it may be , at least it 's an artistically ambitious one , almost deserving of another half-star rating . Almost ...
Weak plotting leaves Wilson 's Woody Harrelson and ace supporting cast stuck in neutral .
... Harrelson and Dern , even when portraying total screw-ups , are such winning actors they bring a fair amount of effervescence to the work .
Carried along by a brilliant performance by Woody Harrelson , `` Wilson '' is based on the very dark graphic novel by Daniel Clowes .
Woody Harrelson surrenders fully to whatever traits have been defined on the page , never simply reading the scripted lines .
While the story takes him to some dark places , Clowes and director Craig Johnson -LRB- The Skeleton Twins -RRB- keep the film from becoming too grim .
Mildly funny and ultimately able to find some pathos , Wilson nonetheless proves a dull entry into the world of downbeat literature that Clowes helped create with Ghost World
Woody Harrelson dives into the role , putting his psycho-eyed amiability to good use , creating something like the love child of R. Crumb and Larry David .
The least of the Clowes films , but worth it for Dern .
It 's episodic , not very funny and the redemptive ending feels far too forced .
One of those unheralded , unpretentious films that offers unpolished truths about human nature and the awkwardness that comes with honesty . Please do n't let this small gem of a film slip by you .
Wilson , who delivers overdone sarcasm in a slightly Fozzie Bear voice , is a well-imagined creation . His place in the film 's plot , however , is generic : he 's a grouch warmed up by the discovery that he has a teenage daughter .
Despite the mordant humour and the full-throttle chaos of Harrelson 's performance , we struggle to connect with any emotional truth here .
Woody Harrelson pours plenty of energy , humour and emotion into the title role , but it 's difficult to identify with this optimistic curmudgeon . Still , quite a few moments are genuinely hilarious .
It struggles to fill the big screen , either emotionally or visually , and after a while Harrelson 's say-it-as-it-is persona becomes irritating .
This is all pleasantly watchable but it keeps the stakes low , and the mood of subdued sentimentality does n't feel entirely appropriate for the often bleak crises that are inflicted on Wilson .
There 's a fascinating , incredibly funny film to be found in Wilson but the concept and conceit , while challenging and humorous in many places , loses momentum quicker than you would have hoped .
What gives Wilson a slight edge is the zippy interplay between Harrelson and Laura Dern as his estranged wife , a comedic rhythm that helps paper over the occasional cracks in the script .
Very funny in places , Wilson runs out of steam as it heads towards a sentimental finale .
The idea of the prickly misanthrope who tries to waywardly make good is starting to become an archetype in the cinema , but Woody Harrelson delivers on just enough of the presumptuous and gently pessimistic lines to pull it off .
Wilson , the motormouthed misanthrope Woody Harrelson plays in this workmanlike adaptation of Daniel Clowes ' graphic novel , is an acquired taste .
Director Craig Johnson -LRB- who also dealt with middle aged angst in his previous film , The Skeleton Twins -RRB- has a nicely matter of fact way of showing Wilson 's tribulations .
A charming performance from Harrelson keeps the disparate elements nicely congealed .
The film 's bouts of slapstick and sentiment sit slightly oddly with its downbeat tone , but Harrelson is consistently funny .
It 's to Harrelson 's credit that Wilson 's occasional charm just about outweighs the unpleasant aspects of his character for most of the 94-minute runtime , as he staggers through one excruciatingly painful situation after another .
Wilson is fitfully funny , but the episodic format prevents it from matching the droll delights of Ghost World .
Gifted a bulldozing comic creation , Woody Harrelson 's stomping Grumpzilla performance powers this fitfully funny git-com that , after a bracingly acidic opening , dilutes into sugary feelgood .
It 's a brave way to structure a film , and the sentimental side gradually undercuts the laughs until all that 's left is a vague warm feeling towards a character we 'd flee from in real life .
Wilson , the man , may serve up great work from Harrelson , but Wilson , the movie , soon proves that 94 minutes in the character 's company are far too many .
Has many gags that fall flat , but there are also some true zingers ... the plot is refreshingly loose and unformulaic , rambling from one situation to another like a dim puppy . It 's almost instantly forgettable , but it 's never not engaging as it plays .
Only suitable for those who have reached a certain level of misanthropy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Wilson has -RSB- many funny lines and a cast full of first-rate character actors such as Margo Martindale and Judy Greer .
This laugh-free , intolerable imposter of a comedy about a sad sack who discovers the value of family is less fun than contracting smallpox .
Wilson is more a work of portraiture than narrative ...
In its slow burning quality , Wilson explodes when you least expect it , before fizzling out when you most anticipate careening towards a happy ending .
Johnson spent too much time on the sentimentality and forgot to focus on the main character .
Wilson works better in ten-minute segments than it does as a complete movie .
There 's ... some cranky fun along the way , what with Harrelson 's slovenly charm and Dern 's attitude of bedraggled exasperation -LRB- both of them show a refreshing lack of movie-star vanity -RRB- .
Wilson is a bitter , infuriating , and utterly unsympathetic character in Daniel Clowes ' original graphic novel , but at some point -LSB- screenwriter Clowes -RSB- found a way to turn Wilson 's vinegar back into wine .
The graphic novel 's initial intention was to parody the Sunday funnies , which it executed with an impeccable wit and subtlety that can not , no matter the cartoonishly exaggerated characters and original block font titles , be translated perfectly to film .
Edgy and quirky , this dark comedy reminds us about the importance of integrity .
Woody Harrelson plays Wilson as a classic bundle of contradictions , and even if the characterization never really congeals , you learn to appreciate and sympathize with the guy .
Harrelson , who over the last decade has built himself up into one of our best supporting players , is just fine as Wilson . There 's no doubt the actor would have taken the character to greater extremes , but that 's not what 's asked of him .
As far as I can see there is no reason to go to see this , just as there was no reason to make it or release it . It is violent , profane , and without any redeeming social or entertainment value .
It is exactly the movie it wants to be , yet what it wants to be is so fundamentally wrong .
Clowes struggles to translate his source material 's vignettes into a screenplay and maybe should have made some tough choices about what to keep and what to leave out .
Wilson is about a man desperate to connect with people emotionally . It 's ironic then , that director Craig Johnson 's often amusing movie fails to do just that .
Harrelson does n't quite succeed in making his character the sort of misanthrope you want to spend 100 minutes hanging out with in a dark theater . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
His transformation does n't provide the intended payoff because Wilson 's redemption is given and not earned .
Like Daniel Clowes ' earlier Ghost World , this adaptation of his 2010 graphic novel is filled with vulgar , adult humor -- but it 's also extremely funny , truthful , and touching .
`` Wilson '' is an amalgamation of very different characters who do n't particularly mesh well . Nor does the character development coincide with the eventual outcomes of Clowes ' outrageous plot lines .
If Wilson was n't so appallingly annoying , he might be a sympathetic character . But he is , so he 's not .
... it 's the smaller performances that stick , like Lauren Weedman 's -LRB- `` The Five-Year Engagement '' -RRB- curmudgeonly turn as the pet store lady .
By adapting the segments into a script , the story seems choppy and lacks some dynamics . Despite a series of comic catastrophes , Wilson never seems to grow or develop .
A few good cameos from David Warshofsky , as a prickly old friend of Wilson 's , and Margo Martindale , as a date gone wrong , grace the torpid landscape . But it should all be sharper and funnier than it is .
Wilson should be an insufferable companion . But Harrelson ... finds a way to make us laugh at his character 's closed loop of yearning/striving/failing , even as we ache for him .
No matter how outrageous the movie pretends to be , or how often it means to shock us , there 's always something conventional about Wilson 's arc .
Boosted by terrific leading performances from Harrelson and Dern , `` Wilson '' is fatigued quickly , working very hard to sell an atmosphere of illness that , while insistent , is n't all that compelling .
The plot opts for cop-out sentimentality and begins to melt into goo .
More often than not , it 's decidedly bracing-for better or worse .
Woody Harrelson is the only life in this party , a misstep that gives Daniel Clowes ' graphic novel the indie-cutesy treatment .
You 'll want to spend time with `` Wilson . '' Even if nobody else does .
Perhaps I 've seen one too many movies in which men who need to grow up have to wreak havoc on other people 's lives to do it . And this is that one too many .
Like Wilson himself , the movie is a bit of a throwback , out-of-step with the times , but whimsical in its execution .
Wilson himself is meant to be likably unlikable , but spending 90 minutes with him proves to be mostly exhausting .
Director Craig Johnson 's film is n't sharp enough to balance out how unpalatable it is .
It succeeds in fits and starts , but not enough to justify such a prolonged investment in this character .
It 's a mess of a movie .
Harrelson does n't have enough character to ground himself in this one .
A fractured , heartsick , funny adventure in mundane misery .
Alas , Wilson winds up being as unlovable and irritating as its main character .
Woody Harrelson , Laura Dern and Judy Greer are the lifeblood that give this twisted , satirical curio its curb appeal and why , if you watch it , you 'll see it through .
It becomes contagious . My suggestion to is by all means to see Wilson because its jet-black humor may , if you 're like me , make you laugh hard and often while conveyed with Harrelson 's impressibility .
Harrelson is as engaging as the man 's personality allows . But Wilson struggles with tone , shifting from monotonously bleak to predictably satirical to improbably sanguine .
Glaringly uneven , but when Woody Harrelson is in such commanding form , you 're willing to forgive , forget , and just enjoy being in his presence .
-LSB- Wilson -RSB- grates in a way that is , at least , unique -- and uniquely irritating .
Whatever magic might have existed on the printed page evaporates in a meandering , tone-deaf tale that trades in blunt eccentricity until it succumbs to sloppy sentiment .
The film 's real anchor is Wilson 's newfound sense of cosmic un-purpose - the realization that there really may be no place in this cruel world for someone upholding principles no one else shares .
Harrelson , who elevated sarcasm to a humanistic art form as the put-upon high school teacher in last year 's The Edge of Seventeen , buries his heart under layers of antagonistic attitudes .
Craig Johnson , coming to this project from his indie success The Skeleton Twins , ca n't find the heart in this fractured , disappointed family .
Johnson , who made the similarly harsh-yet-humorous `` The Skeleton Twins , '' has the good sense to know that with the right actor in the right role , directing is sometimes as straightforward as pointing the camera and getting out of the way .
Should you see Wilson ? I do n't know . How bored are you ?
Clowes turned ink into flesh and blood for his 2001 screenwriting debut Ghost World . He seems to have lost the knack .
an uneven , often aggressively unlikable tale of awkward folks making rotten decisions .
The dark humor is consistent and funny if you 're into this vein , but the episodic nature of the story makes the viewing experience uneven , particularly a funny but out-of-character turn towards the end .
It 's not the classic it seems like it could have been , but it 's definitely worth seeing .
Harrelson and Dern 's efforts aside , Wilson is indie ennui at its emptiest , a vessel of misshapen wit with a hole in the bottom .
One of those films where the whole is not quite as good as the parts . There are plenty of laughs and fun characters to keep us engaged , but they do n't add up to an emotionally satisfying story .
There 's a story here , all right , but it 's a heartless and bitter one .
I did n't want to hug it . But I can give it a nice pat on the back .
While Wilson the man has no filter between what he thinks and what he says , Wilson the film has opted to insert a rose-colored filter between the source material and the resulting film .
Johnson overemphasizes the comedy and strains for the sentimental connection . Character motivations , or lack thereof , trip up the action in a way they did not in the graphic novel .
`` Wilson '' is n't a bad film , but it could have used less melodrama and a lot more insight .
In the end , it 's hard not to feel for Wilson as Harrelson plays him .
You get the feeling there must be a far better version of it on the floor of some editing room in L.A. .
As an agreeable neurotic , Harrelson once again demonstrates why he can play psychos and serial killers in a sympathetic way that makes us feel we 're in buddy-buddy good company .
The dark , comic poignancy of the book is drowned in garish , self-conscious whimsy , and the work of a talented ensemble is squandered on awkward heartstring snatching .
The bigger the events the less organic they seem . The movie is really a character study masquerading as a series of plot devices .
A rare comic-book movie that improves on its graphic-novel original , Wilson has been expanded and humanized by its original author , Daniel Clowes .
Wilson is so faithful to its source that it wrings all the humanity out of it .
Woody Harrelson does what he can with the lead role in Wilson , but as movie characters go , his Wilson finishes a distant runner up to the volleyball in Castaway .
The nicest surprise in Wilson is juvie actress Isabella Amara as Claire , the missing piece of the emotional puzzle Wilson constructs for himself .
Amazing , the way the right pair of glasses can bring a comic-strip character to life .
Funny , touching and insightful . Woody Harrelson is in top comedic form in this tonally unique comedy with a lot on its mind .
Here 's the most consuming question : Can you see a part of yourself in Wilson ? I can .
Wilson is a fine showcase for the talented Woody Harrelson to create another character who , at least at first , is mostly likable for being so unlikable .
The latest iteration of the redeemed-curmudgeon comedy ... whose dull-witted misanthropy , fatiguing from first minute to last , will , for some viewers , further confirm their misandry .
Wilson lurches jarringly from poignant melancholy to cartoonish slapstick , unable to settle on a consistent tone .
An irritating title character appears in an unfunny comedy with saccharine sentiment .
These are a couple of wild , rubber-faced performances in a movie that has no idea what to do with them .
While it might please fans of Clowes ' prose or for those on the festival circuit looking for a breather from something heavier , Wilson is n't a film that 's likely to appeal to many .
Wilson 's dialogue is peppered with colorful vulgarity and provocative pronouncements , but the movie is trying so hard to be `` outrageous , '' it ends up covered in flop sweat .
`` Wilson '' has much of the same everything-sucks humor that gave Clowes ' `` Ghost World '' such sardonic punch 15 years ago , and Harrelson has a ball delivering insults with that goofy grin on his face .
One imagines if Wilson saw this film , he 'd chastise it for being too plainly amiable and quickly move on to his next target .
Harrelson , with his goofball stoner energy , ca n't help but bring a certain gregarious charm to the role , even when , say , casually insulting a date or shouting obscenities at people on the street .
Wilson , is a smart feel-good movie that aims to deliver a little truth too . If it does n't always succeed , it comes up with 90 minutes of human connection . Even Wilson can be happy with that .
Wilson should have been a much stronger film instead of something that attempts to coast on Harrelson 's performance , naughty language , and mawkish sentiment .
Tackling this material was a tricky proposition , but the movie pulls off some endearing qualities thanks to director Craig Johnson .
`` Sweet and occasionally riotously funny , but it treats the material too simplistically .
Boasts some funny vignettes but fails in the crucial test of making us care much about the title character .
Harrelson brings his wide-awake edge to this performance , yet `` Wilson '' is a soft-headed comedy .

@highlight

Woody Harrelson delivers a solid performance as Wilson 's titular grump , but the movie surrounding him ca n't quite manage to make the character 's sour outlook consistently relatable .