We walk away with plenty of questions about what 's going in Noble 's mind , but one clear conclusion-both halves of her life would and should make compelling movies in their own right .
It moves from one traumatic event to another with the swiftness of a biopic thats trying to squeeze in all the major events of its subjects life so much so that none carry the weight they ought to .
Inspirational true story features many mature themes .
Although the script wavers on occasion overall the film works very well , it feels emotionally honest and is a fitting tribute to a woman it 's impossible not to admire .
It 's like watching two films instead of one and the script resorts too often to a narrative shorthand , delivering 10-second scenes that seem to belong in a trailer .
Bradley has structured the tale well , as when we do move between eras , it 's done so in a seamless manner and with a minimum contrivance .
Often desperately sad but ultimately triumphant , Noble is a sincere and well-executed portrayal of good triumphing over evil .
Noble is a solid straight-faced biopic that is raised to surprising heights by a flinty central performance from the redoubtable Deirdre O'Kane .
Even if you do n't quite buy the philosophy this is selling , the three main actors are impressive and director Stephen Bradley does a fair job of slipping between the different timelines .
Uplifting docudrama , set in Vietnam , recounting an Irish woman 's selfless efforts on behalf of the war-torn country 's homeless orphans .
Portrays Noble as a person , rather than a middle-class moviegoer 's moral pin-up .
As its title indicates , this is a straight-up inspirational tale , but its sincerity and above-average execution set it apart from many other similar movies .
Intelligent , sincere and unabashedly goodhearted .
An earnest tribute to a strong and ambitious woman .
A feisty , passionate performance by the Irish actress Deirdre O'Kane gives the inspirational biopic `` Noble '' a serrated edge of defiance and gumption .
Her indomitable spirit and merry heart make this remarkable story vivid , true , and touching .
Uneven but nonetheless emotionally gratifying ...
I left Noble wanting to know more about Christina 's story than could be shown in a two-hour film ... Can anyone 's life be sufficiently distilled in such a short span ? No . But glimpses of such lives can serve other purposes .
Noble 's biggest flop may be its dialogue .
-LSB- Her -RSB- Dickensian childhood provides real intrigue , but writer-director Stephen Bradley portrays the grown-up Noble as a messianic figure , making her philanthropy seem like acts of hubris rather than selflessness .
A smart , touching , tragic , goofy and surprisingly captivating dramatic biography of Irish children 's rights activist Christina Noble .
The real Noble accomplished a lot , but the movie insists on giving her achievements a mystical and mythical dimension ... without the imagination to carry it off .
Writer-director Stephen Bradley may make some missteps , but he capitalizes on this underdog story 's inherent thrills .
`` Noble '' largely works due to its clenched-fist approach , tending to the particulars of Christina 's war against suffering while maintaining its message of hope , making it the rare faith-based film that 's more show than tell .
The true story of charity founder Christina Noble 's empathy in action .
The movie works because Christina 's desire to help these kids feels natural , and because she herself shoulders burdens that would drive most people to the grave , all without losing her faith .
Somewhat predictably inspiring , but quite spirited and edgy for a faith-based film .
Wonderful inspiring biopic about a remarkable woman
-LSB- Writer-director Bradley -RSB- understands the inherent drama in Noble 's life story , as well as the necessity of varying the narrative 's chronological progression by alternating time periods in the film in order to maintain ongoing interest .
Ultimately it is the awareness of a true story - both terrible and inspiring - lurking beneath the clever artifice that allows Noble to surge .
O'Kane is alright in a film that 's solid rather than spectacular , but Sarah Greene is quite exceptional as the 20-something Noble , and seems bound for bigger things .
A moving , dramatic , harrowing and funny story about a quite remarkable woman .

@highlight

Noble is undeniably and impassioned , even if it sometimes goes overboard in trying to prove its real-life protagonist lives up to its title .