Arnaud Desplechin 's mercurial , knotty and cinematically vibrant drama of family dysfunction stirred up over a Christmas gathering was my pick for best film of 2008
Un Comte de Noel is a long , rambling story of a bourgeois family going into dysfunctional overdrive during a reunion at the parental home .
If you are intrigued by the interpersonal relationships and entanglements of a family - maybe a lot like yours and mine - this film is a fascinating exposé that might well prompt some seasonal self-reflection .
A Christmas Tale has bountiful charm in the first leg of the film , mainly because it is able to take a lovely , dry wit to its characters ' bitterness .
-LSB- Desplechin -RSB- has skill , patience , empathy , and insight ; quickened by the holiday occasion , they make the title of his film ultimately , if unconventionally , right .
It takes about half an hour of screen time , until everyone gets packed into the house , for A Christmas Tale to reveal its nature fully : expansive in narrative scheme , compact in emotional space and self-consciously auteurist to the core .
It 's a bracingly eccentric , waspishly intelligent blast of flashbacks , freeze frames , split screens , and bizarre music choices .
Not since , well , Kings & Queen has calling something overstuffed been such a compliment .
Perfect off-season timing for a wickedly off-kilter movie about a French family Christmas in extremis .
Given his cornucopia of characters fighting wars on three fronts , his whiplash tonal switchbacks , his jazzlike aesthetic of chance , how is it that Arnaud Desplechin is only now coming home for the holidays ?
As the rituals of Christmas are observed , the family edges closer towards a sense of understanding and acceptance in a picture that captures a sense of life 's messy uncertainties and the way we sometimes hurt the ones we love the most .
It 's maddening and it 's exhilarating .
A Christmas Tale 's more universal qualities should be apparent to anyone who has survived a Christmas , and God help us , here comes another one .
Its numerous narrative strands are neither revealingly pursued nor properly intertwined .
A Christmas Tale has a classical feel , even though the mischievous Desplechin tosses in shadow puppets , iris shots , and actors speaking directly to the camera . It 's this ability to surprise that gives the film its spark .
Desplechin 's film is so well cast and the relationships so authentically depicted that it 's okay not to be completely or partially taken by Junon , Henri , and the rest of their kin .
A Christmas Tale is a lively , capricious , mischievous ensemble delight .
Despite occasional bouts of tedium over the epic course , a surprising buoyancy emerges : Desplechin 's methods begin to inform , even brighten , the message .
Desplechin is an inspired impurist . His Christmas Tale is untidy , overstuffed and delicious : a genuine holiday feast .
The movie teems with the excitement of unwrapping a present , even as it deals more seriously with the intractability of blood ties .
Even Amalric 's ray of light ca n't penetrate the gloom enough to make this much more than a rather strained actors ' exercise .
There is n't a convincing note in the entire film , but there 's no denying that each bit of dramatic fakery glitters and hums . A bit like Christmas itself , actually , which might just be the point .
Not very cheerful holiday fare ? Turns out to be more upbeat than you 'd think , without any angels or friendly ghosts , thanks to Desplechin 's affectionate approach to his characters .
The film -LRB- has -RRB- a sensibility that is paradoxically both old-fashioned and very modern .
Till life do us part
Un drama coral y familiar sobre relaciones disfuncionales , viejos rencores , odios y amores , enfermedad y muerte . Puede resultar tan desconcertante e irritante como sorprendente y humana . Lo innegable es la calidad de su elenco .
Un conte de Noël could use more of the surreal hilarity of Wes Anderson ` sThe Royal Tenenbaums .
Controlled chaos of a family reunion highlighed by likeable but flawed characters
A droll and frantic melodrama stripped of aesthetic contrivances but full of emotional ones , and it is affirming in its own way without being particularly cathartic .
Arnaud Desplechin 's headfirst dive into the complex relationships within a middle class French family is a messy , captivating , and very much living affair .
The characters are so nutty that you never know what they will do next . That fact alone kept me interested .
an endlessly busy and stylish film with a hollow emotional and spiritual core .
A compellingly literate exploration of the muddle of misguided motives and lingering regrets that bind families together .
You could , of course , forgive the whole enterprise as the extravagances of an intellectual fairytale , but the film 's wayward eccentricities outweigh its good performances and breezy telling of a jumble of a plot .
What could have been the acme of talky dramas about the inner lives of French intellectuals turns out to be a feast of a movie .
The film is almost as involving as it is infuriating .
The effect is strange , disconcerting - but never dull . I think what Desplechin has created is not a conventional drama , but a sort of dream-ensemble masque : a choreographed parade of ideas , emotions , personae . A film to ponder , and to savour .
The cast expertly incarnates this family haunted by loss , lovelessness and -LRB- literal -RRB- bad blood , but the film 's unduly protracted duration makes the Vuillards feel like Christmas guests who just will not leave .
At a bum-numbing two-and-a-half hours , the film does at least have one thing in common with other Christmas visitors - it long outstays its welcome .
Typically Gallic , it contains lots of smoking , drinking and thinking . With the thoughts often turning towards death .
A Christmas Tale is a compelling domestic drama , a French art gem to inaugurate 2009 .
Bustling and chaotic like most big families , this film really captures the outrageous collision of personalities in any gathering of relatives
Arnaud Desplechin 's sprawling family drama is sharply observed and superbly acted , but it 's also far too long and fails to engage on an emotional level .
Consider it a post-holiday gift to yourself .
A warmly inviting motion picture .
If you want to see a Christmas story that 's genuinely heartwarming and entertaining without ever slipping into phony sentimentality , you 'd better learn to read subtitles .
A Christmas Tale seems less like a movie than a genuine family being observed .
For people who find that movies that are full of sentimentality and sympathy set off their gag reflex , this is the holiday movie for you .
There 's a giddiness to this whirling dervish of a film , with its spastic skipping from character and catharsis , its near fetishistic camera trickery , bursts of song , and loving lifts from the likes of Vertigo and Nietzsche .
A Christmas Tale is the yuletide antidote to Four Christmases .
As charming as the film 's title sounds , here is a movie , distinctly French in its clipped rhythms and melodramatic arc , that 's anything but charming . It is , in fact , a jumbled , caustic tour-de-force .
In this dark comedy everyone is at the end of someone else 's strings .
At last , a great contemporary holiday movie that 's strictly for grown-ups -- a holiday movie that really is a moviegoer 's holiday from desultory daily fare .
A CHRISTMAS TALE is your typical Holiday drama that 's elevated by stylish direction and an infectious energy
Seems hardly like cheerful holiday fare but nevertheless goes down as richly as plum pudding .
-LSB- It -RSB- will make anyone dreading the holidays with their family grateful for what strife they may face . It 's nothing compared to what the Vuillard clan gets up to .
A minor masterpiece .
A triumph of willed optimism -LRB- or perhaps more accurately , of grudging good nature -RRB- over unhappy experiences ...
Never devolves into a tedious two-and-a-half hours of self-examination . But it also never goes very far , either .
A Christmas Tale 's expansive stew of physical and psychological illness , death , betrayal , longing , religion , and ritual ultimately proves invigoratingly lush .
... ultimately suffers from a middling midsection that 's been suffused with pointless digressions and melodramatic crises ...
Yet another dysfunctional-family , holiday-reunion film that 's no better , no worse than its bourgeois predecessors - unless you happen to be a Francophile .
Through a thicket of subplots ... , Desplechin slowly and gracefully unfolds the damage done by years of bad blood .
Filmmaker Arnaud Desplechin -LRB- Kings and Queens -RRB- and his co-screenwriter Emmanuel Mourdieu have created something that is rich with characters and themes .
Yet as the film progresses these multifarious layers of dramatic ennui and vitriol becomes absolutely intoxicating , and before I knew it my eyes were glued to the screen and I almost could n't wait to see what was going to happen next .
A picture of unpleasant people treating each other poorly that comes across as buoyant and frankly joyful at times .
` A Christmas Tale ' has revived my love for goofy families as only the French can do .
It leaves no lasting impression , except for one excruciating scene involving a bone marrow transplant .
Characters occasionally address the camera , which helps disentangle the competing story lines of madness , adultery , and betrayal .
There are simply too many marvels to tally .
The most emotionally rich and cinematically thrilling film I 've seen all year , a film that pulses with human life in all its terrible and beautiful irrationality .
To tweak Tolstoy : All happy families may be alike , but all unhappy-family movies are entertaining in their own ways .
Even though it 's pretentious and overlong , A Christmas Tale is still maddeningly engaging , thanks in large part to its attractive and gifted cast .
A Christmas Tale is beautifully acted by all . The bigger dramatic moments in the film are believable , but the occasional fights and arguments can not hold a candle to the quieter moments of truth permeating out of the scenes .
A good film with great performances that 's only held back a bit by its extreme length and the pacing and pretentiousness that goes with it .
A strangely encompassing collection of private moments among the members of a large family with a fraught history .
Call me nuts , but even with all the dysfunction and suffering , I found lots to cherish about this artistically personal holiday film .
Roiling with laughter , tears , drunken confessions , revelatory soliloquies , pain , sorrow , hospital visits , and various kinds of love , A Christmas Tale is a smart , sprawling , and sublimely entertaining feast .
It 's a simple picture about complicated people , the members and sometime-combatants of the extended Vuillard family .
A Christmas Tale is long but it exerts enough of a pull that the 150 minutes pass rapidly , if not necessarily painlessly .
Depslachin 's film is not brimming over with good cheer , hardly , but it is warm and sometimes funny and refreshingly honest , illustrating the complicated beast that often is family .
A classic French family drama featuring fine performances by legend Catherine Deneuve and reigning star Mathieu Amalric even if the raging and crying might be a bit much for the Christmas season .
Once the connections become clear , however , this often bitter story almost becomes a thriller , as we fear the next outburst or revelation and its aftermath .
Watching A Christmas Tale is like getting to know a family other than your own by leafing through its scrapbooks and laughing at its photograph albums , while it bickers in the next room over stuff you may never understand .
I 'd be more inclined to call this French dysfunctional family epic gabby and preeningly self-indulgent -- in a word , annoying .
The family 's vulnerabilities and eccentricities burrow under the skin .
How do you say , ` Do n't even go there , girlfriend ! ' in French ?
The picture is so alive with familial love and intrigue , with the richness of human complexity , that you want to reach out and hug it .
A long , improbably funny and very beautiful film .
Some wry humor runs through the course of the overly long saga . But there 's not enough dark wit to mitigate the tedium and pretentiousness .
After two and a half hours in the thrilling , exhausting company of the characters in A Christmas Tale , the intimacy we feel with them is wired with surprise .
If Ingmar Bergman and Wes Anderson some how collaborated on a movie together , I 'd guess their sensibilities would yield something like Arnaud Desplechin 's darkly hilarious , brilliantly acted A Christmas Tale .
Wry , observant and frequently heartbreaking .
These infuriating , involving individuals are so resolutely themselves , so sure they are right by their own lights , they exist in a world beyond anyone 's judgment .
Those looking for a cheery family gathering for the holidays flick might want to look elsewhere . Those who enjoy quirky family dramas , beautifully written , performed and shot will be thrilled by Desplechin 's latest .
The characters ' explosive emotions - tender and bitter , guilt-wracked and willfully inscrutable - make `` A Christmas Tale '' an edge-of-your-seat experience in a way most thrillers could only dream about .
... plays at times like The Royal Tenenbaums without the twee affectations but nearly all the humor .
A sprawling , complex web of family betrayals , emotionally stunted relationships , disappointments , banishments and plain old eccentric behavior are cliché by now , but in this movie it 's all so frighteningly true .
If Four Christmases is merely a stocking stuffer , this is the new car out in the driveway with the big red ribbon around it .
Getting through these first 20 minutes is as necessary as plowing through the first 50 pages of a 19th century novel . Once that work is over , the movie 's singular pleasures reveal themselves .
-LSB- A -RSB- gloriously shaggy dog of a family soap opera .
a work of intoxicating genius .
It 's the definition of a film meant to be admired more than loved , but Desplechin 's fierce intelligence and uncompromising sense of character come through .
... like a stocking stuffed by the most inventive and mischievous of gift givers .
Enduringly fascinating and involving .
Has as much emotional baggage as any soap opera but not an ounce of melodrama , exploring the cuts and letting us understand the scars .
Followed by Desplechinâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s restless camera , they roam the house , which is at once a lived-in haven and a mausoleum filled with the relics of past battles and shifting alliances .
A Christmas Tale is n't repugnant , just regressive . The modern family film has moved beyond this Gallic update of I Remember Mama .
Out of the most ordinary ingredients -- an ailing mother , estranged adult siblings , a good meal ruined by bad behavior -- the endlessly inventive French filmmaker Arnaud Desplechin has made the old look fresh in A Christmas Tale .
A Christmas Tale is a film experience to be seen and savored for its exquisite delineation of human feelings and foibles .
Deft , playful , fluid , haunting , and filled with the joy of filmmaking .
Dark secrets are unlocked , words draw more blood than punches , and -LSB- director -RSB- Desplechin turns one family into a universe that resembles life as a startling work of art .
A Christmas Tale brilliantly captures the melancholy and familial recrimination that , for some people , is as much a part of the holiday season as fruitcake and egg nog .
A Christmas Tale -LRB- Un Conte de Noel -RRB- is a darkly comic dysfunctional family fairy tale , more Meet Me In Saint Louis than The Royal Tenenbaums , with a healthy dose of A Midsummer Night 's Dream thrown in .
Dense , energetic , occasionally indulgent but ultimately involving family drama , about the travails of a dysfunctional extended middle-class family who convene to celebrate Christmas , delivers gifts by way of a sterling cast led by Catherine Deneuve and Ma
A Christmas Tale is a bad dream with just enough distance to give us a midwinter 's night 's laugh .
What 's troubling is its lack of perspective on anything beyond the narrow , navel-gazing concerns of its characters .
Overlong , but nicely paced with well-developed characters in both the principal plot and subplots
In working to keep the audience off-center ... Desplechin artfully makes the well-worn family weekend plot endearing again . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Each in succession , the curiosities of A Christmas Tale burst from the surface of the film , almost incapable of containing themselves , their passions , their disappointments , their awkward eruptions of alcoholic rage and familial resentment .
Arnaud Desplechin 's A Christmas Tale is an intricate , accomplished patchwork of sometimes nutty but always believable human behaviour .
` A Christmas Tale ' finds time for bits that have no reason but strike home as true .
A dysfunctional French family learning that ` it is never too late to bring love , peace and healing into a divisive and unforgiving household .
Arnaud Desplechin does n't so much direct movies as conduct marathons .
A gift that keeps on giving
By frontloading the dramatic meat of the story , the film becomes less about shocking revelations or plot twists than the sometimes comic , sometimes serious dynamics of a family under extreme strain .
Blurring the lines between TV soap opera and tight narrative , Desplechin 's multi-generational family saga is a bravura piece , based on witty writing , inventive storytelling , and superlative acting of a large ensemble headed by the regal Catherine Deneuve
There are no martyrs in this anti-sentimental ironic movie that nevertheless percolates with emotion and accepts its quirky characters for all of their flaws .
This could have been an emotionally wrenching film , but Desplechin keeps the tone light , infusing the drama with humor in the most unexpected places .
A marvelously rich visual , intellectual and emotional experience , one that I expect will grow deeper with repeat viewings .


@highlight

A sharp black comedy about a chaotic family holiday gathering , A Christmas Tale is always involving , thanks to an impressive ensemble cast .