A hugely chunked-up Curtis , a Kiwi actor who 's worked all over the world but returned home to star in and help produce Robertson 's film , is masterly here .
This year , Disney bypassed the feel-good sports movie , and luckily for U.S. audiences , we got a smaller but better version with The Dark Horse .
A great , deeply affecting movie .
... The Dark Horse understands that it requires more than simple narrative tricks and interesting factoids to make its `` true story '' stand out as a great film .
A serious , even solemn , tale of personal redemption .
The Dark Horse is a rough beauty of a picture .
The Dark Horse takes us intriguingly deep into subcultures we might not otherwise know . Unfortunately , it uses storytelling devices so overly familiar and so flatly executed , they blunt what we see .
`` The Dark Horse '' is a showcase for Cliff Curtis and shows the actor can give a convincing , sincere and sympathetic lead performance .
It 's to The Dark Horse 's great benefit that this is the rare inspirational true-life story that does n't shoehorn a fountain of relentless optimism for the future into the proceedings .
If there were any justice in the Academy Awards , Curtis would be a front runner for Best Actor for this `` Raging Bull '' - level performance .
It might get corny but for Robertson 's unaffectedly gritty settings and understanding that modest gains can be enough for checkmate .
Curtis is 100-per-cent watchable as a puffy , mumbling shuffler whose chess lessons double as life strategies .
Curtis sells us on both the man 's frailty and his drive ; his performance alone is enough of a reason to check this one out .
`` Dark Horse '' falls into the formula of underprivileged kids challenging the elites at their own game . But the outcome is never certain .
We 've seen a thousand mentor-making-a-difference movies before , but not like this one .
Potoni ca n't trust his own instincts , let alone convince others to trust him with vulnerable kids . Curtis makes you see that internal tension , raising the stakes on what would otherwise be a conventional inspirational drama .
`` The Dark Horse '' is n't always easy to watch , but Curtis 's quietly powerful presence makes it worthwhile .
Curtis ' portrayal of Gen 's ever-present , invasive mental illness is n't mere window dressing and lacks showboating . The camera hugs his meltdowns with an uncomfortable perseverance as he talks to himself , hallucinates and turns manic .
The film never shies away from the hard topics , and the actors bring nuance and heart to this intensely dramatic and affecting film .
There are heroes to root for in `` The Dark Horse , '' and you 'll feel mostly good about humanity walking out the door .
... mildly inspirational without turning heavy-handed or exploitative in its examination of mental illness .
Curtis truly does find unique strains of tenderness , eccentricity and strength in the role . The actor 's work , if not the entire movie , is all about game .
The deft and highly emotive handling of his condition and the wider ramifications of -LSB- Gen 's -RSB- story make The Dark Horse a lot more than merely the against-the-odds chess story that it may initially appear to be .
Contrary to the standard Hollywood diagnosis of mental illness , it does n't improve according to how much love a sufferer receives , although there is a lot of love in The Dark Horse .
Soulful story about chess , mental illness , and redemption .
A beautiful and truly inspirational film from beginning to end , The Dark Horse -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- is -RSB- a hidden gem well worth tracking down .
It 's a feel-good story with the potential to make you feel great .
Curtis is so heartbreakingly convincing in the lead role that he routinely frees you of the feeling you 're watching one more adversity saga with scrappy kids and a third-act tournament .
`` The Dark Horse '' brings Cliff Curtis back home , and he gives a performance that 's transcendent in more ways than one .
The movie 's portrayal of the complex dynamic involving the brothers and Mana conveys a potentially explosive mixture of fear , love and anger .
The Dark Horse is loaded with heavy subject matter , but it 's engrossing and sure to make moviegoers recoil , cry , and even laugh on occasion .
The Dark Horse may not entirely work as a film , but it has an unexpected amount of gritty idiosyncrasy on its side .
Combines several potentially tired subgenres - the inspirational-teacher drama , the mental illness drama , and the gang thriller - but , helped immeasurably by Curtis 's performance , makes something new out of them .
Though based on a real-life story , writer-director James Napier Robertson 's film plays like a mash-up of Hollywood clichés .
Gen is such a big-hearted character that his story is more than just a portrait of overcoming mental illness or a tale of a loving mentor taking his rag-tag team to the top .
Despite the occasional cliché , this film mostly feels as messy as life , and as movingly complicated .
Sensibly this is n't a play-by-play movie which makes you sit through the matches -- chess is n't a great spectator sport -- and you do n't need to understand the game to enjoy the film .
The finest movie ever made about the game of chess as well as a deeply perceptive take on the brutal conditions indigenous peoples face in New Zealand .
The film explores the damaging , uber-masculine gang culture that exists on the fringes of Maori culture , using chess as a simple but effective metaphor for the struggles Potini and his young charges face in the everyday battlefield of life .
At the centre of it is Cliff Curtis , best known internationally for his supporting role in Whale Rider , who dominates the screen as the mercurial Gen. It 's a breathtaking performance , note perfect in every gesture , mesmerising in its conviction .
Unlike a game of chess , the moves of the narrative in The Dark Horse ca n't quite be anticipated .
A film all the more heartwarming because it is based in truth .
Kiwi star Cliff Curtis makes a triumphant return to his homeland with this multi-award-winning true story after Whale Rider propelled him to a career in Hollywood in 2002 .
A committed , compellingly unpredictable central performance from New Zealand actor Cliff Curtis is the driving force behind The Dark Horse .
A solidly entertaining drama with an intriguingly unconventional lead .
Robertson gives himself and his actors time to ponder the board and build convincing relationships and tensions : he 's especially deft around his younger performers , allowing them to register as distinct , often defiant personalities - pawns with a purpose .
A relentlessly downbeat tone makes this Kiwi drama sometimes hard to watch , but the true story is genuinely involving , with an inspirational kick that never feels pushy ...
The heartfelt telling of a truly extraordinary true story with a mesmerising central performance .
Curtis gives the performance of his career as he gets to grips with the troubled mind and generous heart of charismatic , true-life speed chess champion Genesis ` Gen ' Potini .
It 's a film with the texture and truth of life , and at its heart is a beautiful performance by Cliff Curtis .
`` The Dark Horse '' is as good a title as any for a film that takes an overplayed genre - the inspirational mentor story - and still manages to surprise ...
Cliff Curtis is very good .
This is a really terrific film .
This combination of humour and terror makes everything more dramatic .
Curtis commands our attention in every scene , not least because we are unsure of what he will do next .
The scale and significance of Potini 's efforts become all the more remarkable when viewed through the filter of Curtis ' committed performance .
The strength of The Dark Horse lies in the conviction of its performances . The child actors are fantastic , but it 's Cliff Curtis who carries the film .
The triumphs of its characters are always provisional -- much like real life .
Small in scope but significant in stature , Robertson delivers in The Dark Horse a sensitive tale with a crowd-pleasing punch , even as it declines to shy away from the bleakness of its characters ' lives .
Cliff Curtis delivers a spectacular characterisation , one which will no doubt be compared to Geoffrey Rush as brilliant pianist David Helfgott in Shine , as Gen has a mild mental condition for which he has to take medication
The Dark Horse is an emotionally potent story of redemption anchored by a heart-piercing lead performance from Cliff Curtis .
Simply put , -LSB- Cliff -RSB- Curtis is phenomenal .

@highlight

Led by an outstanding performance from Cliff Curtis , The Dark Horse tackles complex themes with a richly layered , unpredictable , and deeply affecting story .