Blunt is a capable actress , and her performance smoothes out the film 's bumpy execution , which is peppered with enough jumbled flashbacks that you 'd need a Homeland-style conspiracy board to fully track them all .
What we come away with is a feeling of cold indifference .
If you like your stories obvious , where everything is spelled out for you , then The Girl on the Train might just work . If not ... well , you have been warned .
At times Blunt is to be thought of as an Oscar candidate ... when the end approaches , that idea loses consistency , like the plot itself . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Parsing it is like trying to comb out boiled pasta .
An entertainingly trashy soap opera story of emotional manipulation and abuse that over time reaches sickening levels
The Girl on the Train needed more heart than head , without sacrificing its core idea about the reasons women self-destruct . Blunt 's red-raw performance does remain a reason to see it .
Though never devolving into the levels of camp , The Girl on the Train presents itself as Gone Girl 's trashier , but funner sister .
Emily Blunt 's fans will be awed by her appearances in almost every frame .
If you like morbid whodunit thrillers that make you feel like you are trapped in a dark room with no glimmer of hope whatsoever ; this brutal , twisted and voyeuristic tale is bound to leave you gasping for breath .
Even though it 's not perfect , and borrows heavily from the master of suspense , The Girl On The Train serves as a satisfying , entertaining adaptation .
It does feel a bit underwhelming at first , but if you give it a thought , the conclusion is a fair and logical end to the premise .
I 'm inclined to think Emily Blunt more good here than great . Which , as it happens , is pretty much what I think of the film too .
The Girl on the Train gets a couple big laughs in places I do n't think were meant to be funny , and though Blunt , Ferguson , and Bennett are all doing what they can with the material , the movie is so poorly written there 's no saving it .
Those looking to be thrilled , and who enjoy a few twists and turns in a dark-hearted thriller , The Girl on the Train will definitely appease .
-LSB- Emily -RSB- Blunt is terrific in the complicated role of Rachel , as flawed , vulnerable , and misguided as she often is .
But when -LSB- the end -RSB- finally did arrive , it reduced me to jaw-dropped fetal-position sitting for the final portion of the film and made the boring lead-up totally worth it .
As Rachel begins to come out of her stupor ... the threads begin to unravel toward an unsatisfying conclusion that veers toward Lifetime-levels of cheese and melodrama .
Dreary and confusing , The Girl on the Train goes off the rails early . And stays there .
This iteration is barely more thoughtful than your standard rape-revenge grindhouse fare , and by the end the audience at my screening was cackling like a midnight movie crowd .
A formidable thriller , and more impressively , an adaptation that actually improves on the blockbuster book it was based on .
Playing the troubled Rachel , whose trek toward the truth is agonizingly slow , could not have been easy . It certainly does n't make -LSB- Blunt -RSB- look glamorous . But it does show what it takes to become an A-level movie star .
While it 's not a great movie , I found it absorbing for the most part , an intriguing use of the unreliable narrator -LRB- which has been over-used in the past few years -RRB- , gorgeous photography and a fine script by Erin Cressida Wilson .
Where The Girl on the Train distinguishes itself , though , is in its forthright presentation . With unbearably over-the-top performances and direction , in addition to an unfocused purpose underlying the story itself , it is an almost unwatchable mess .
If you loved Gone Girl , you 'll think The Girl on the Train is ... okay .
Women finally wise up and take control at the very end of the story , and that is supposed to make up for all the voyeurism and passivity that goes before . I resent having to suffer through all that nonsense for such a brief payoff at the end .
At times in the film , the subjects are so deplorable and callous in the face of the tragic disappearance that you 're not sure how much you can endure . Endure , ride it all stations ; one way only .
Sinking from an uncertain anti-heroine into the muck of torrid titillation and base psychodrama , The Girl on the Train is less an electric ride off the rails than a creaking , rickety descent into a pit .
Serviceable but unexceptional .
A purported psychological thriller with embarrassing Hitchcockian undertones , The Girl On The Train is dramatically inert and lacks even a semblance of the master 's style or storytelling skills .
I went into The Girl on the Train with muted expectations and , perhaps because of them , came out somewhat pleasantly surprised .
The Girl on the Train is a novel-adapted psychodrama whose plot got lost on the way to or from the script conference .
It feels less like hopping on board a train and more climbing onto the bandwagon of dozens of Lifetime movies .
An interesting experience , that invites us to reflect on moral issues through passionate dramas that reach explicit levels . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that is only interesting when Rachel , interpreted with commitment by Emily Blunt , appears on screen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A rain-soaked soufflé of psychodrama and shuddering gin sobs .
A tacky splat of exploitation .
The more the film goes on , becoming a thriller spiked with moments of lurid excess , the less compelling it is .
A film with a frenzied and tense rhythm that slowly fades , creating a movie that gets a little bit lost . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A vast improvement over Paula Hawkins ' plodding novel ...
A film with very interesting female characters and plot , but reduces everything to a not so mysterious story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Alternates between serious and trashy , without finding the right balance between the two .
A film that shows gender violence with an almost risible manichaeism and didacticism , and the information provided is visually cheesy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This could be the best performance of Emily Blunt 's excellent career , but she 's often too good -- enacting a woman far less likable and much more screwed up than Hollywood heroines are usually allowed to be . In fact , it 's ultimately hard to root for her .
A film where constant flashbacks , changes of view and character 's abrupt psychological twists are always forced and arbitrary . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that makes excessive use of flashbacks , separating us from the plot that becomes exhaustive , and gives no opportunity to connect with the story or the protagonist . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Girl on the Train is less a whodunit than a whocareswhodunit .
A small volcano of emotions that turns their feminine characters from helpless dulcineas into femmes fatales . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Although it accomplishes its mission and becomes an enjoyable thriller , The girl on the train is half of exciting than the book in which it is based . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is a B-movie dressed up to look like something deeper , although that does n't negate its potential to entertain .
A strange excursion into the tackiest of subject matters : the sort that builds its leads up into objects of a misogynist agenda that is extremely mean-spirited , even by definitions of any normal thriller about sex and violence .
The Girl on the Train offers intrigue and a few red herrings but does n't provide a knockout punch .
It 's a wreck - a television movie dressed up with a cinematic ensemble .
The Girl on the Train does n't translate all that well on the big screen
The Girl on the Train ... is so thoroughly lousy that it augurs a horrible future for the American movie-going plebiscite .
It 's no Gone Girl , but it 's not half bad either .
A film adaptation , where only Emily Blunt , dealing with a character not adjusted to her image , seems to be playing something . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An entertaining film with interesting plot twists that will keep the audience hooked from the first minute to the last . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's Blunt 's convincing turn as the sozzled Rachel that keeps us gripped .
Taylor and screenwriter Erin Cressida Wilson have amped up the book 's staid sexuality to fever pitch .
I like what the film eventually becomes about and that it 's not trying to be anything more than it is .
A pretentious film due to its forced narrative complexity , where the mystery does n't engage and the resolution of it appears abruptly . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A multidisciplinary hybrid that is not one thing nor the other , and finally ends up being confusing and inconsistent . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Plagued by a plot full of ridiculous contrivances , uneven performances , and a third-act twist that 's not very shocking . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
If you 're a fan of the book , then you 'll thoroughly enjoy the movie .
A film about perfect marriages , infidelity and frustrated maternity . Whatever amuses women when they 're bored . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The only good thing about this film is Blunt 's work , but it 's not enough to compensate how bad is this movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This exposition-laden suspense thriller is so poorly adapted from its novel source material -LRB- by Paula Hawkins -RRB- that you ca n't follow it .
Emily Blunt 's startlingly good lead performance makes this ` train ' trip worthwhile for fans of the book and others who like mystery psychological thrillers .
Things get a little out of hand in this one .
Tate Taylor ca n't match the steel-trap tension David Fincher gave to Gone Girl ... But he gets striking performances from his cast , above all from Blunt , who takes us somewhere we 'd rather not go - inside Rachel 's woozy , troubled mind .
An absurdly executed , sluggishly paced , flatfooted secondhand cartoon . Maybe you have to have read the book .
Can anyone genuinely relate to any of the three pivotally wacky women or trio of squirrelly men in this alleged `` thriller '' ? The best-selling novel on which it 's based just has to be more compelling , does n't it ?
It 's acted with great passion and helmed with steadfast commitment to a glossy psychologized aesthetic .
The movie is bad and dull , and then bad and dull and gratuitously violent , not even finding a trace of guilty fun in its narrative dumpster diving .
You may not see the plot twist coming , but that 's only because the characters are so thin that everyone 's a plausible suspect .
Rachel 's blackouts drag on the suspense in the book to its thrilling climax , but in the movie , they serve no purpose beyond attempting to increase unearned sympathy for Rachel .
A great , big , fat , juicy slice of masterfully directed melodrama ... The remarkable central performance by Emily Blunt should put her in the outside running for an Oscar
In the end , The Girl on the Train runs out of track .
It 's no Gone Girl but Blunt keeps this train on the tracks .
You 'll be repeatedly fooled and surprised . Just like Rachel .
For stories like this to work , one needs suspense and maybe an ounce or two of tension . Lugubrious acting and fancy coats are not enough .
I found myself wondering whether Taylor has ever seen a thriller . He certainly has no idea how they work .
Emily Blunt ... is wonderful in a mediocre movie .
The Girl on the Train is n't going to blow your mind but there 's enough in it to enjoy a tense trip with some pretty strong performances .
Emily Blunt is fabulous before the story embraces its inner ` Gone Girl . '
Flimsy , fragmented - and quite frustrating .
That it 's in some ways a righteous portrayal of three caged , frustrated women seems accidental . Taylor would rather we recall a spiked pump in the eye than a Gloria Steinem lecture .
A case of hit and miss , this voyeuristic psychological thriller replete with time jumps and multiple points of view confuses and drags through its early scenes but comes together in the end
If we were to treat the making of The Girl on the Train , the seriously disappointing adaptation of Paula Hawkins 's blockbuster novel , as a whodunnit , there 'd be plenty of places where one might lay the blame .
Smart cinematography and Danny Elfman 's score brew heady atmospherics but the finale unseats this tension as it shuffles to a halt . More sting in the tail would have been nice .
Things get pretty hammy towards the end , too , but perhaps that 's to be expected in this kind of movie , which reminded me a bit of Gone Girl but also of enjoyably silly 80s thrillers like Fatal Attraction .
A title card reading `` spoiler alert '' at an early juncture of The Girl on the Train would be appreciated . Director Tate Taylor does n't recognize when trope trumps mystery and the seeing aspect of cinema shows too much .
The Girl on the Train is not weirdly great , or even good , though it does n't really aim to be , positioning itself unabashedly as a knock-off Gone Girl .
Nothing is duller or more stifling , as a rule , than people who wish to make it perfectly plain how stifled they feel by their dull suburban existence .
The film 's pacing is practically sedentary , spurred on only by Danny Elfman 's dramatic soundtrack .
The mystery is a good one , at least for a while , but unlike David Fincher 's two `` Girls '' -- `` Gone '' and `` Dragon Tattoo '' -- Taylor shows no interest in nuance and subtext .
It 's hardly high art , but director Taylor and screenwriter Wilson make The Girl on the Train work just well enough to warrant a look .
We 're left with a movie that could and should have been better structured to tease and develop its core themes , and perhaps rethought in places , to keep a movie audience , with its lesser tolerance for convenience , better satisfied .
It 's all rather dispiriting and not quite the fun , trashy , thriller romp I was hoping for . Neither does it become terribly exciting or suspenseful ...
Retaining the British accent that makes her even more of an outsider in this scary New World , Blunt convinces completely as a drunken fish out of water .
`` The Girl on the Train '' is saved solely by Blunt 's superior portrayal . It is by no means better than the book , but it is worth a look .
Taylor and his screenwriter Erin Cressida Wilson faced a daunting task living up to the standard and hype of the novel ... they accomplished their goal .
The herrings in The Girl on the Train might be the usual shade of robust red , but the film itself is largely a bloodless affair , not so much a whodunit as a wellobviouslythatpersondunit .
If it came across your desk , you would probably give it a C - , along with feedback on how to improve on the next assignment .
For the most part , it works and is engaging enough to keep most viewers interested to see how things play out . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Sexual Content , Nudity , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
The thriller part gets roughed up by the dull soap opera trashy story and the banal dialogue .
Despite a strong performance by Emily Blunt , The Girl on the Train is a middling thriller without much to offer .
By the time the big twists come , the characters have become so unlikeable and the story has rendered itself so detached from reality that any meaningful emotional payoff is significantly muted .
From its patronizing title to its incoherent storytelling , -LSB- this -RSB- is one of the least satisfying thrillers in some time .
-LSB- Blunt -RSB- goes all in for this role ... but her arc is so awkwardly executed that it elicits unsolicited laughter .
TGOTT goes nowhere slowly . At least Gone Girl was trashy fun .
-LSB- The Girl on the Train -RSB- is , in the end , a competent but by no means outstanding potboiler , with a better-than-it-deserves lead performance and a terrific music score from Danny Elfman .
You may not be on the edge of your seat , but you 'll never have a moment of boredom . It 's not Gone Girl , but man , I wish it had n't tried to be .
Only Blunt 's gutsy performance keeps The Girl on the Train on track while so much is trying to derail it .
The audience has its Eureka moment much to soon and can easily guess whodunit -- and it 's at that moment the shock turns to schlock .
Blunt manages to give her sad and messy character some humanity through smudged mascara and puffy lips , but the mechanical screenplay by Erin Cressida Wilson does n't give her -- or the others -- much room to develop beyond ciphers .
Both exhilarating and frustrating . Exhilarating in that it 's a rare mainstream Hollywood film filled with strong female characters , frustrating in that the storytelling around those characters is needlessly muddled .
I presume the only way to get through The Girl On The Train is to be blackout drunk , convinced during a state of intoxication that what you 're watching is in fact good .
My advice : disembark .
Taylor manages to bring out plenty of insinuating textures in the characters to keep the audience intrigued , but he never quite gets a grip on the Hitchcockian elements of this story about identity and life expectations .
Despite a high-octane girl-power cast and the lustrous screenwriting reputation of Erin Cressida Wilson , this thing clanks along like the 3 am milk train to Exeter sidings .
The flashback structure is n't wholly satisfying , and the climax leaves an abundance of questions , so much so that the movie might have benefited either from taking the time to further flesh those revelations out or stripping them down .
Tate Taylor 's new adaptation of The Girl on the Train takes the worst parts of the novel -LRB- excruciating dialogue , paper-thin plotting , ludicrous twists -RRB- and amplifies them .
Blunt 's performance makes The Girl on the Train worth your while .
The Girl on the Train plods along , playing like a lifeless wax museum version of a real thriller .
To its credit ... The Girl on the Train features an unusual number of strong female roles , but neither they nor their men are people we 'd want to spend more than the film 's 112 minutes with , if that .
Perhaps the biggest twist to The Girl on the Train is that this menagerie of bleak souls does n't vitiate the film , but redeems it , amid a flurry of surprises that provide , if nothing else , empathy for their cause .
Blunt , who can be quite marvelous in movies , spends most of the film looking haggard and sozzled ; the rest of the cast , with the exception of Allison Janney as a police investigator , is dull . The plot twists , such as they are , are garbled and predictable .
What 's frustrating is that if you stare at The Girl on the Train hard enough , you can just about make out what the writer and director were trying to do .
This is a gritty film by someone unused to handling grit , and in some ways it shows , but ultimately Taylor has placed his faith in the hands of Blunt and been rewarded .
Lacking in the tongue-firmly-in-cheek melodrama that made Gone Girl such twisted fun , it telegraphs its handful of twists well before the halfway mark and then proceeds to drag itself to a half-hearted conclusion .
It 's a treat to see a masterful actor like Emily Blunt carry an entire film . Unfortunately , the subtle character development that fueled the novel , especially in regards to the supporting characters , was n't able to make the jump from page to screen .
Blunt 's impressive performance -LSB- is -RSB- the single saving grace that keeps it from going off the rails completely .
A good mystery that is faithful to the book , enhanced by fine performances .
The main problem The Girl on the Train has is that it 's a Lifetime movie , but it does n't know it 's a Lifetime movie .
The Girl on the Train has a one-way ticket to boredom .
Taut book-based thriller has drinking , violence , sex .
This conductor says get off the train . Your stop this weekend is The Girl on the Train . A terrific whodunnit-thriller that features the year 's best acting so far .
A filmmaker has a feel for this kind of storytelling or does n't , and the people behind The Girl on the Train do n't .
You might be vaguely curious about who did what , but you wo n't care much about this drab batch of characters .
More frustrating than thrilling , more obvious than mysterious , `` The Girl on the Train '' has its moments but proves to be an unsatisfying viewing experience .
#GirlBye .
The end of The Girl on the Train does n't justify the means of The Girl on the Train , a testing two hours of meandering miserablism that ends with a hardy `` hell yeah . ''
Even the slightest misstep is going to be magnified in this type of film and threaten the credibility of the narrative , and unfortunately that is what happens here .
The Girl on the Train is an absorbing , page-turning -LRB- or page-swiping -RRB- whodunit , but it does n't have quite the same impact as a feature film .
What gives the trashiness a mild kick is the movie 's observation of how women are so often victim-blamed and pitted against each other .
Fabulous performances and a multilayered narrative tighten the screws into a mysterious and ultimately satisfying thriller .
It may be enjoyed most by the few who do not know the book , or perhaps read it drunk and forgot it completely , while its fans may be going for something more like ritual re-enactment purposes .
Has too much filler to ever be as mysterious and full of tension as it needs to be .
Whatever the locomotive power of the novel , this film adaptation only limps into the station .
The cast , especially Blunt and Bennett , turn in fine , layered performances , and keep the `` Train '' on its tracks . Even if you know the story already , it 's well worth the ride .
Whatever word is the opposite of `` page-turner '' - a story that sits there lifeless , trapped in a boredom of its own making - would aptly fit director Tate Taylor 's movie adaptation .
With only -LSB- about -RSB- nine speaking parts , lots of atmospheric Upstate New York fog and excellent performances from Blunt and Rebecca Ferguson , specificity and containment are the keys here ... Pity the trailer does n't adhere to the same restraint .
The film too often lets intrigue drift into ennui . It often takes so long to reach its next stop it could have been The Girl on the Southern Train .
A slightly grander version of the kind of trashy potboiler that might normally make a decent two-part ITV drama .
The Girl on the Train is a fun ride , despite its failings .
Blunt throws herself into her role as the tormented heroine . It 's the kind of masochistic part that Joan Crawford would have relished in an earlier era .
The result is a mostly a bloodless thriller .
It 's the characters you remember more than the central narrative . But if taken on that basis , it 's a journey well worth taking whether you 've read the book or not .
The story is never grounded in any believable situation , so every twist leaves you more confused than intrigued .
By the time The Girl On The Train eventually gets to its destination , you wish either that it had taken a different route , or that you had n't bothered to go along for the ride .
An imperfect adaptation of an uncinematic novel is nevertheless a challenging portrait of a woman as deeply screwed up as usually only men get to be onscreen .
Apparently , the crippling effects of alcoholism and domestic violence are overcome through horrifying confrontation and hopeful narration .
The film never quite succeeds , simply because the book 's core virtues do not lend themselves to cinema .
Blunt is mesmerizing in a role that requires her to be still often and let close ups of her red , puffy eyes , her quivering lips , her ruddy skin tell her current level of sobriety and her mental state .
There is no psychological dimension as the characters are n't characters as such , more cogs in the plot machine .
The Girl on the Train is tabloid cinema : it gets the audience all juiced up on the very scenes of domestic violence and murder that it professes to deplore .
About the only good call in The Girl on the Train was the casting , which gives us two hours of Emily Blunt shredding her soul , soaking it in vodka , and then setting it on fire . The rest is a mawkish , retrograde misfire .
The Girl on the Train is n't as interested in exploring the dark consequences of Rachel 's jealousy and rage . It 's too busy teasing out other scenarios for the sake of it .
Taylor is n't able to believably blend the overlapping perspectives and The Girl on the Train comes across as a flat , predictable puzzle whose characters flip from one extreme to another .
The only reason to endure this dismal story is to watch Blunt strut her stuff .
There 's a distinct sense of distance from the trio of women , since -LSB- screenwriter Erin Cressida -RSB- Wilson and director Tate Taylor have latched onto the mystery ...
It 's hardly the first British novel to shift continent -- notably , Nick Hornby 's High Fidelity moved its north London record shop to Chicago , but then that shift felt right .
Some books just ca n't make the leap from page-turning read to big-screen attraction .
Not a single character in this dreary and dour dramatic experience earns our empathy , sympathy or good will .
Although The Girl on the Train is a serviceable thriller , it 's hard not to see it as something of a disappointment .
Taylor is no Hitchcock . He 's not even De Palma .
A serviceable adaptation that wo n't disappoint fans , though it ends up amplifying the book 's problems .
This movie is just a faux-prestigious , underwhelming murder mystery . I 've seen less obvious episodes of Law and Order : SVU .
It 's a wallow in bad male behavior and the women broken by it , capped with a ludicrous climax ... Star Emily Blunt gives it her all , hurt , woozy and hysterical , but it 's not enough to keep this train on the tracks .
A knockout performance by Emily Blunt saves this effective , but predictable , thriller .
It has about as many twists and turns as an L . The third act of a movie should n't make you feel as though the first two acts were a waste of time .
Desperately wants to be ` Gone Girl ' but lacks that story 's surprises and cathartic , twisted resolution .
Like the Fincher movie , this plays with the idea that the hero may actually be the villain ; unlike the Fincher movie , which was built like a Swiss watch , this gradually turns into a tangle of flashbacks as it races toward a fairly predictable conclusion .
If The Girl on the Train were a beer , it would be Gone Girl Lite . Sure , it 's less filling and watered down . But it will get the job done if you 're in a pinch and it 's the only thing available .
Blunt 's terrific acting carries the day as our pickled personal hero .
Readers of the best-selling novel may be satisfied . The rest of us may well find it tough work , at times , to get through it .
It 's a tedious watch , inferior in every way to David Fincher 's slick , grinningly grim Gone Girl . Any chance for lightning striking twice is going , going , gone .
Blunt , already an accomplished actress , has now landed a role that will get her even more serious mainstream attention . For her , especially , this Train is just the ticket .
With her boozy slur and the black holes in her memory , Rachel is the definition of `` unreliable narrator , '' and the story works best when it unfolds from her blurry point of view .
Attempting to capture this woman 's perennially sozzled state in visual terms , Taylor lets the camera wobble to and fro , punctuates the story with jarring cuts to black , and resorts to slow-motion with amateurish abandon .
A contrived , convoluted whodunit . It 's never frightening , simply gloomy and bleak .
A poorly-made thriller that wastes a terrific cast . Not even Blunt can save this one .
If you envy the staged , make-believe life of the Kardashians , you will understand the premise . Blunt , Bennett , Evans , Ferguson and Theroux are sensational . Especially Bennett . If you loved the book , this delivers .
The film is polite when it should be wicked -- it 's melodrama that thinks it 's saving lives , like it drank too much chardonnay
Slick but emotionally superficial ... ` The Girl on the Train ' might be a great read , but despite Blunt 's virtuoso turn it 's only a so-so movie .
It 's a movie that chugs along , smoothly and uneventfully , until it pulls into a station that could have been seen from a mile away , had you not already been lulled just to the edge of sleep .
Regardless of how familiar you are with Hawkins ' plot , there 's pleasure in seeing the jigsaw pieces come together . The film 's construction is evocative and fluid , the plotlines of the three women entwining in ways that amplify each one .
It is a somber slog through the lives of one miserable wretch after another .
`` The Girl on the Train '' is a taut psychological thriller , just as tense for those who already know its conclusion .
A flat and suspense-free tale of pretty people in peril .
Emily Blunt is the best movie drunk ever .
`` The Girl On The Train '' leaves you wishing it had been a little more willing to go off the rails .
What Train lacks in innovative thrills , it makes up for in engrossing , well-drawn characters .
The film does nothing innovative with its source material : it simply streamlines the plot to a manageable length without bothering to flesh out any of the characters .
Preposterous and slightly cheesy , like an `` erotic thriller '' from the 1990s .
`` The Girl on the Train '' deserves to be a minor guilty-pleasure hit , for its performances and hot-house plotting , and for its keeping of the compact of classic women 's films , where the heroine most wronged turns out to be most right .
Somehow , the elements do n't add up as they did on the page , and Tate Taylor 's leisurely direction does n't help .
It 's artificial without a hint of intentional façade : No home looks lived in and no conversation feels like it could have occurred outside of a laboratory environment .
There 's a lot to recommend it , most notably a quavering , magnetic central performance by Emily Blunt .
The Girl on the Train can not seek to match Gone Girl 's devilishness , so it strives for substance instead ... It 's admirable . It is not successful .
... a tough-minded , uncompromising film that unpicks the quiet horrors of suburban life ...
As sour and slippery as it is polished and pretty .
There 's always something to be said for an entertainment that sustains its nuttiness all the way to its twisty finish .
`` The Girl On the Train '' may be too idiosyncratic and moody to get the credit it deserves , but if there 's any justice , Emily Blunt should be up for awards consideration at the end of the year .
Though the impact of The Girl On the Train wo n't prove to be as explosive as Gone Girl , newcomers getting their first taste of this torrid tale will have themselves a blast .
It 's shiny trash that begins with promise but quickly gets tripped up by its own screenplay and grows increasingly ludicrous and melodramatic , to the point where I was barely able to suppress a chuckle at some of the final scenes .
While the film does not add up to as much as the setup might suggest , the getting-there is captivating enough to smooth over its rougher edges .
What fascinates me most about this Girl on the Train -- and what makes it a film that may resonate most with women -- is that it has the audacity to embrace unlikeable female protagonists who do n't even like themselves .
The most thrilling thing about this not particularly thrilling thriller : Emily Blunt 's outstanding lead performance , which is so good , you almost think she 's in another movie .
The Girl on the Train review says it misses the boat by not embracing the over-the-top potboiler parody it could have been , instead opting for Lifetime movie-of-the week blandness .
A mental health exploitation picture .
The major whodunit here is who made a best-selling thriller so darn boring .
A cheap exploitation of the horrors of alcoholism , depression , and domestic abuse that thinks it 's much smarter and artsier than it is .
A crushingly perfunctory literary adaptation .
The movie gives away the game faster than the novel , but Emily Blunt digs so deep into the role of a blackout drunk and maybe murderer that she raises ` Girl ' to the level of spellbinder .
All aboard the lackluster express .
A tricky psychological thriller whose tricks are less interesting than the riveting Emily Blunt in the walking wounded title role .
The characterisation is shallow , but it is stirring to experience a marquee thriller that concerns itself largely with female characters .
It forgoes its promise of twisty adult thrills in favor of a grimly deadpan lecture about messy truths and false perceptions .
The film boasts an all-out amazing performance from Emily Blunt , but that 's about the only major highlight from this frustrating and very predictable thriller .
The Girl On The Train appears to have been written on one , juddering to its destination faster than the speed of sense .
In the end , the film uncomplicates its once-interesting characters , either exonerating them or distilling their villainy into something rather banal .
The extraordinary thing about The Girl On The Train is that the hype around this bestseller-turned-movie has not lessened the story 's ability to deliver a punch .
While I enjoyed The Girl on the Train , it did n't fully reach its potential .
If the version of the story we imagine for ourselves proves more interesting than the one on screen , that 's not necessarily a complaint . Hawkins , at least , deserves credit for devising a game that lets us all play along .
Do n't believe the hype . This is no Gone Girl . This is like if someone told you , `` Oh you like steak ? Then you 'll love McDonald 's hamburgers . ''
The Girl on the Train is a dark , sensual ride between madness and murder . Emily Blunt and her female co-stars are outstanding here .
Wilson brings themes that are latent in the book to the surface in the film , exposes them to the harsh light to make them visually , cinematically real .
Anchored by a wrenching performance from the brilliantly versatile Emily Blunt , -LSB- The Girl on the Train -RSB- not only keeps you guessing , it makes you care .
A big part of the enjoyment stems from Emily Blunt 's presence , as the actress gives a magnificent performance in The Girl On The Train that arguably ranks as the best of her career to date .
-LSB- Taylor -RSB- has , along with screenwriter Erin Cressida Wilson , brought the page-turner to screen with all the unexciting competency of a commuter-rail dispatcher .
Despite its faults , The Girl on the Train feels destined for a long life on small screens , both television and computer , for many days to come .
Taylor presents this narrative in a distinctly disorientating fashion , as we adopt the haphazard perspective of the protagonist , enriching the film 's elusive nature .
The herrings are bright red !
The real mystery : How did a spine-tingling bestseller turn into a plodding Lifetime-esque melodrama that 's devoid of suspense ?
When location scouting is the most striking aspect of a film , something 's awry . And sadly this mystery fails to intrigue .
Fortunately , Blunt keeps the film anchored . Playing drunk convincingly is no mean feat , but she cracks it , maintaining our sympathy for a character who has gradually slipped towards becoming a functioning alcoholic .
Director Tate Taylor has created a very neat -LRB- if rather too tidy -RRB- domestic thriller , but he has n't exploited the medium to bring anything fresh to the story , riding instead on the solid track the book provides .
Blunt is exceptional -- sympathetic and convincing at every turn while remaining a woman you might not want to sit next to on your commute .
Drowning in her own sorrow and mascara , Emily Blunt plays the title role in The Girl on the Train in this much-anticipated transfer to the screen of Paula Hawkins 's bestselling thriller .
Paula Hawkins ' madly popular 2015 novel The Girl on the Train had a terrific main character . That she 's still terrific in the film is reason alone to see it .
Blunt gives Rachel multiple dimensions -- we could never view her as just a stewy mess . But the movie 's surprise -LRB- or perhaps not-so-surprising -RRB- twist does n't serve its lead character well , at best merely justifying her stalkerish behavior .
Not altogether pleasant , but undeniably gripping .
When you 've been spoiled by the dark , meticulous David Fincher lending his artistry to paperback potboilers with `` Girl '' in the title -- even when they 're not his best work -- Taylor 's flat commercial instincts make for diminishing returns .
At least Emily Blunt 's Rachel is the most thrillingly unhinged central protagonist of a major American motion picture since Mel Gibson in `` Conspiracy Theory . ''
Director Tate Taylor does n't quite hold his cards close with The Girl On The Train , but he plays them like a winning hand nonetheless .
-LSB- Taylor -RSB- deftly translates the bleak , raw-boned menace and tricky time signatures of Train 's intertwined plotlines , and draws remarkably vivid performances from his cast , particularly his two female leads .
Fans of Paula Hawkins 's thriller might find themselves sticking to the book .
Adhering so closely to the book results in a fan-pleasing adaptation that stays obediently on track , even if that means delivering us to an all-too predictable destination .
The puzzle of how the various personal and narrative pieces will eventually fit together exerts a smidgen of interest , but the characters are so dour and un-dimensional as to invite no curiosity about them .
It clearly aspires to the gourmet delicacies of the recent `` Gone Girl , '' its married angst interrupted by bursts of violence . But a slightly convoluted script , a few flat casting choices and some uninspired direction leave it short .
As a big-screen thriller , `` The Girl on a Train '' is just so-so , but taken as 112 minutes of upscale psychodramatic confessional bad-behavior porn , it generates a voyeuristic zing that 's sure to carry audiences along .
This dopey thriller boasts plenty of potentially juicy plot points but is consistently undermined by an earnest execution that does n't understand what a convoluted hoot it has on its hands .
Engages more than it rivets and brings goosebumps to skin more than chilling to the bone .
Imagine if Gone Girl had been directed by the guy who made The Help .
Despite the occasional shot of piss-soaked knickers , there 's something a bit too tasteful about ` The Girl on the Train ' .

@highlight

Emily Blunt 's outstanding performance is n't enough to keep The Girl on the Train from sliding sluggishly into exploitative melodrama .