Of all the exuberantly built-up beats , Taraji P. Henson 's beautifully shocked and elated response to unexpectedly forming the nucleus of `` It 's Hard Out Here for a Pimp '' gives `` Hustle '' its soul and won that song an Oscar .
For an alleged indie hit , the film is nothing if not shrewd about audience-hooking and sensory-manipulation
Edgy camerawork fails to distract from the fact that Hustle & Flow -- a hit a Sundance -- is about as edgy as the crust on Mom 's apple pie .
Howard redeems this lumpy fantasy . Soft-spoken and mysterious , he presides over the movie with a dangerous , feline grace .
... an inspiring and ennobling character study in which love and respect trump pure success .
Craig Brewer has a distinctive voice . He writes dialogue that authentically conveys the truth of real life while also touching on universal themes of hope and healing .
... fiercely original , thoroughly engaging ...
Audiences will be seduced into setting aside their moral qualms and rooting for this hip-hop hustler .
A ghetto fabulous flick certain to generate some healthy debate as to whether it is glorifying or condemning the thug life which is so celebrated by the Hip-Hop Generation .
Peopled with gritty , unsafe and unsavoury characters from the street scape of downtown Memphis , Hustle and Flow probes keenly into the crunk subculture alien to Australians , yet fascinating and engaging .
Merece créditos por seus dois primeiros atos e pelas performances excelentes que oferece .
Having a dream is n't easy ...
Brewer 's failures in the last thirty minutes overwhelm everything he got right in the first ninety .
An involving and fun tale of redemption with many fine musical moments as well an enjoyable subplot involving the rotund Key and his understandably skeptical wife .
While never sacrificing any of the hard-knock authenticity and specificity of his characters and their milieu , he has crafted a deeply felt film that can speak to and empower just about any audience .
A great turn by Terrence Howard -LSB- and -RSB- real sympathy spun like gold from Taraji P. Henson .
Howard is simply terrific as DJay - he really makes you root for his character , despite his pimping , drug-dealing ways .
Follows the traditional Hollywood rags-to-riches tale but throws in unexpected grit and top-class drama .
A perfect example of the manipulative power of a tale well told .
Great acting and writing propel this fairly straightforward drama .
It may not be very believable , but it sure is unforgettable .
... visually rough around the edges , but retains a gritty streetwise quality that fits the subject matter . The script has a subtle sense of humor along with genuine poignancy .
We 're clearly meant to sympathize with his plight-being ` stuck ' in this miserable lifestyle , being played by Skinny Black , having gone nowhere-but why exactly should we care ?
A strikingly personal story that constantly surprises us with its insights , even if it does wallow a bit in the criminal lowlife .
Every actor delivers dead-on , heartfelt performances that are as touching as they are convincing .
Three words best sum up this fine film : Terrence Dashon Howard .
Djay is the Fezziwig of pimps . His hit tune , as catchy as `` That Thing You Do , '' also wears out its welcome . But his quest for le mot juste and mo ' bling is charming .
This is not a world most people want to live in , but it 's a very realistic portrayal of the world they inhabit and they give you everything they have .
There is not a lot of bling bling in this surprisingly engaging and inspired effort .
Halfway there , Hustle & Flow has more smarts than insight .
The little flashes of brilliance were n't offset by disappointments
Like DJay , Brewer exhibits talent for what he does , but too much of it is in service of hogwash .
The film feels very authentic in the way it shows these characters slaving away at the demo tape that might open the door to a better life .
.
Filled with obscenities , it 's abusive , abrasive - sexist and misogynistic - made memorable only by Terrence Howard 's audacious , star-making turn .
Brewer and Howard have created a full-throated character in D-jay , and the rest of the troupe do a great job too .
This is probably the grittiest film I 've seen all year , but it 's also one of the more emotional .
Howard , dripping in the Memphis humidity , is the embodiment of virility , prowling like a wolf , purring like a tiger .
Even though Brewer panders to inner-city mythology , I suspect most African-American audiences will see right through this whitewash .
With Terrence Howard 's performance providing the hook , -LSB- director -RSB- Brewer provides a flow of schemes , dreams and rap rhymes that take us on a journey inside a man 's soul .
A frequently penetrating , always interesting , occasionally difficult movie that works , despite a tendency toward clichés and a final spiral into unnecessary melodrama .
Hey , listen , Terrence Howard . I think your Uncle Oscar is calling you .
Vibrates with a grit and rawness that lets it rise above expectations .
The movie soundtrack bumps from the outset letting you know that whatever is about to happen over the next few hours , ya gon na feel it
It 's kind of a conventional story , but it 's told in such a unique way and the locations in Memphis all feel very authentic .
The acting talent of the cast far exceeds the entertainment level of the movie
Overrated Southern version of 8 Mile .
The movie 's ability to sway us over to its lyrics may be its ultimate tribute to the powers of art and self-expression .
... an impressive performance by Terrence Howard , but the story is so seamy and the characters so unpleasant that it makes for a less than satisfying experience .
Hustle & Flow shows even pimps believe in the American Dream
... less a neo-blaxploitation product than another kind of '70s film , a naturalistic fiction about ordinary human beings and their not-entirely uplifting engagements
Features Terrence Howard 's remarkable , breakthrough performance .
Brewster 's script relies on more coincidence and happenstance than a Dickens novel and yet adoring critics will likely rave about its grit and authenticity .
Like Scorsese scouring the streets of New York , Brewer is so confident , so at ease amidst the crazily calm and lackadaisical whimsy of Memphis ' seedier pathways I almost felt like I was there .
A Southern-fried 8 Mile with an incantatory , crunk-rooted pulse .
Terence Howard has the unique pathos that made John Travolta a star in `` Saturday Night Fever . ''
Hustle & Flow suspends you in its spell of mood , of feeling , of climate . It 's a pop picture that finds its richness in peeling down to the essentials of good storytelling .
Watching as a pimp , a pothead and a pregnant hooker play and sing in a makeshift bedroom recording studio , and becoming increasingly caught up in their determination and hope , it 's impossible not to think that this is a part of the American Dream , too .
Every now and then , Brewer pulls off a near-miracle with his flinty characters : He lets us , for a moment , slip into their lives -- and sing their song .
A good performance can make sense of a movie 's disparate elements , and Howard provides the miraculous glue that binds hustle with flow , giving us a resonant account of a man who somehow finds a foothold on the slippery slope of his misspent life .
Something weirdly magical happens in Craig Brewer 's directing debut to suspend our disbelief and get us rooting for the film 's unlikely hero .
Unlikely as this may sound , Hustle & Flow -- about a low-down Memphis pimp who wants to be a rapper -- is the feel-good movie of the summer .
What makes the picture sail past its flaws is its earnest understanding of the desperation that drives people to regain control of their lives -- and the profound courage required to attempt it .
Craig Brewer 's film offers a lot of grit , great music and a protagonist worth rooting for .
Of course it manipulates us ; most movies do . But it does so with such sincere , funky confidence that I loved just about every minute of it .
Hustle & Flow has a heart that beats as loudly as the bass line on one of DJay 's tracks .
So much love went into Hustle & Flow that it almost glows with it .
I ca n't remember another movie that started out so confidently , so utterly sure of its own swagger , and then limped so erratically to its end .
What 's missing in this self-proclaimed story of redemption , though , is something other than a fairy-tale finale . It 's the sense that the filmmaker understands the consequences of exploiting women even if his protagonist does n't .
The way it peels back the layers of that first speech and shows us how naked and vulnerable ambition truly can be make it one of the most interesting films of the year .
While the plot avoids the most obvious happy-ending clichés , it stays unnecessarily close to the pimps 'n hos mythology of crunk hits , and that 's particularly discomfiting if you happen to believe that women are people , too .
There 's a decided sexist and misogynist bent to the material , no matter how much Brewer tries to convince us that the female characters have been 'em powered ' by the music .
Hustle & Flow is a celebration of crude aspirations , of raw art , of raunch and street and yearning and , beneath it all , family values .
It nails its environment and transcends its broadness with a depth of feeling that will have even the most conflicted audience members cheering in their seats .
This is Howard 's show . His DJay is intense , with blue sky dreams other than pimping and living in Memphis .
Writer-director Craig Brewer 's movie is sweaty , unpretty and powerfully alive .
Hustle & Flow promises gritty street drama but delivers Pretty Woman with crunk instead of Roxette .
As the film 's anti-hero hero , though , Howard never compromises at all .
The movie is too corny to be edgy , and too hard-core to be uplifting .
It 's a familiar tale , to be sure , but Brewer wisely emphasizes character and verisimilitude over urban clichés in this absorbing drama .
It 's all good . The story , the characters , the music , acting .
Memphis native Brewer pours a lifetime of Southern discomfort into a crowd-pleasing fable whose Cinderella narrative is offset by a richly unpredictable sense of place and character .
Projects Brewer 's artistic autobiography through the romanticized prism of what Allen Ginsberg -LRB- and Memphis 's Mud Boy & the Neutrons -RRB- described as ` Negro streets at dawn ' ...
A pretty good little flick -- gritty , well-acted , and , up to the too-cute finale , mostly worth working to suspend disbelief over .
Some will rightly find it corny , absurd , and an insultingly limited presentation of options for the most disenfranchised African-Americans : I 'm still waiting for the movie fantasy about the pimp who wants to get his GED .
It 's the music , along with a star-making performance by Terrence Howard , that carries this movie .
The undeniably superior Hustle & Flow is this year 's indie darling -- it should garner some Oscar attention , especially for the captivating Terrence Howard .
It 's so hard to be a pimp . This is n't about pimps and hoes it 's about hopes , dreams , and pursuing them by any means necessary .
Craig Brewer 's Hustle & Flow neatly sidesteps easy expectation in favor of deeply nuanced character studies and a nitty-gritty realism .
Howard 's work as Djay is sort of dazzling , but his character 's unrelentingly selfish behavior makes audience identification an uphill battle .
Gritty-yet-gripping story of a pimp 's redemption as a rapper is worth it for Terrence Howard 's star-making performance .
somehow it pulls through , surpassing all the pimp and wannabe-a-rap-star shtick
This particular crowd-pleaser has some moral issues it still needs to work out .
Howard gives a complex and nuanced performance you do n't see every day , and one that might be discussed further when awards season starts this fall .
Gets so much of the rhythms and feel of the Dirty South right , it can be forgiven for its occasional missteps .
The rest of the film sinks , hinging as it does on a creaky formula .
The soulful , heartfelt and musically infectious Hustle & Flow rests squarely upon the sturdy shoulders of the quietly charismatic Howard , a journeyman actor who gives a revelatory , and frankly Oscar-caliber , performance .
Writer-director Craig Brewer has made a sensitive , low-key drama that values human life , no matter how degraded the circumstances .
Howard takes a character that might have been a caricature and makes him real -- sometimes icy , sometimes fiery , sometimes slick , sometimes passionate .
A surprisingly charming story that -- in certain sections -- almost crystallizes into the sweetness of a Mickey Rooney-Judy Garland musical .
A sort of Rocky for ambitious street hustlers , Hustle & Flow traffics in the risky business of making prostitution seem not quite as bad as the hip-hop world , and it conjures a sticky mix of urban grit and Hollywood schmaltz .
Hustle & Flow unfolds in the satisfying fashion of classic Hollywood movies that strike a balance between grit and heart , capturing the hard edge of poverty and lack of opportunity but also offering a ray of hope for a better life .
Hustle & Flow uses its street smarts to show that dreams come in all shapes and sizes and that their realization sometimes is preceded by nightmares .
Terrence Howard modulates Djay with great love and consideration for the character . He never cheapens him , or condescends . He builds him inside-out .
Craig Brewer 's first feature film is a volatile mixture of slickness and sincerity , hard-edged naturalism and sheer show-business hokum .
Happily for all involved , it 's still pretty good , with a leading performance by Terrence Howard that is that good .
Hustle & Flow is a weird fusion of blaxploitation and American indie , built on a template of old-style , follow-your-dream Hollywood drama . But it works -- sometimes magnificently .
The film 's supporting characters are as rich as the lead , each one of them chasing an unlikely dream .
Whether you love hip-hop or whether you do n't know Ludacris from lutefisk , this is one terrific movie .
While Brewer 's narrative is somewhat slack , and he is n't going to win any awards for camera movement or composition , his film , like his poverty-stunned strivers , grows progressively lovable -- despite -LRB- and perhaps because of -RRB- its flaws .
Like most any pimp and smalltime dealer -LRB- at least those in the movies -RRB- , DJay thinks he 's got it down .
Brewer has n't sugarcoated his pimp , and Howard 's performance locates all the shadings of fury and desperation that drive him .
Dolemite and Super Fly were n't exactly ennobling role models , but they were fighting a good fight against an oppressive system , whereas DJay is resisting what exactly ? Getting a real job ?
If you overlook the f-bombs and the drug deals , Hustle & Flow is peddling the same easy-path-to-riches-and-romance story Danielle Steel keeps cranking out .
Howard 's been knocking on stardom 's door for some time now , and Hustle & Flow should seal the deal .
One of those terrific out-of-the-blue movies that come along every so often .
A maudlin , broadly-appealing , race-baiting melodrama that traffics in cliché and misogyny with as much ease as its happy-go-lucky pimp/drug dealer hero .
If 8 Mile was Rocky , Hustle & Flow is Raging Bull .
Shot and scored with a raw , throwback feel , the film slips out of predictability by massaging a lingering feeling of dread and hopelessness into DJay 's tale of rising hope .
Never moves beyond its own clichés .
But good soundtrack does n't always equal good movie -- if it did , Prince 's Graffiti Bridge would have been a huge success .
Brewer and Howard turn DJay into the most inspirational underdog champion since Rocky Balboa .
If the film was n't teetering enough on the edge of formula for the first two acts , it sinks like a stone into absurdity when tempers flare and guns are drawn for the finale .
We 're drawn to the exotic inside portrait of a flyweight urban hustler who knows how to cast a spell .
A stark street savvy jockeys for screen time with an overwhelming aura of futility and funk .
There 's something wrong with Hustle . A bad aftertaste , and not just the dry grit of Memphis dust , but something meaner . A feeling that Brewer 's sensibility is way off .
It celebrates art , hope , and dreams , and you do n't have to like hip-hop to appreciate the message or the way in which it is delivered .
Hustle & Flow may seem a fairy tale but there is still an edge to it in its finale .
The look of wonderment that spreads across -LSB- Taraji P. Henson 's -RSB- face when she first hears her backing vocals played back is one of the great movie moments of 2005 .
... explosive entertainment .
Talent and practice is n't enough to realize your dreams . To get on MTV , sometimes you got ta shoot somebody .
Subtly glosses over the most despicable elements of -LSB- its -RSB- protagonist 's behavior .
The movie 's effortless charm and earthy naturalism , combined with strong performances from its main and supporting actors , are beguiling enough to draw in any audience
When Brewer , Howard , and Ludacris stick to the bitter texture of South Memphis failure and success they produce a modest regional portrait that could become a classic of its kind .
... has a more authentic and thorough scope that captures the seedy desperation of a street hustler ... audacious , believable , and percolates with riveting forethought
Meditative and fierce , quiet and pounding , HUSTLE AND FLOW runs the board in a way that few films even attempt .
It boasts a seductive lead performance and the best ensemble cast since Ray .
Hustle & Flow ends with a little too much overwrought tension , and it borders on hokey at times , but in all those little moments , it 's a perfect groove .
Howard effortlessly makes the successful transition from a strong supporting character actor to a leading man that can carry a film .
Unless your popcorn is laced with sedatives , you will find yourself dancing to the beat and singing `` Whoop that trick '' with the rest of them .
If given a chance by mainstream moviegoers , ` Hustle & Flow ' will sound good vibes .
A deeply felt film that can speak to and empower just about any audience .
The movie as a whole feels self-consciously ` important , ' as if it 's trying too hard to be a rising-up-from-the-streets story as powerful as 8 Mile was .
Exhibits an undeniable confidence that permeates its every aspect .
A timeless and well-made story of personal redemption , enhanced by Howard 's breakthrough performance and winning turns from every single supporting cast member .
Screenwriter-director Brewer transcends his generic story , laying out his beat from each character 's heart . We come to know their inner fears and demons , including those of some particularly well-drawn supporting characters .
Dynamic rap music and visual style help make Hustle & Flow an enjoyable experience despite its naive and simplistic philosophy and abrupt tonal changes .
When the white folk depart from the theater singing ` You know it 's hard out here for a pimp , ' you know you have a true audience pleaser on your hand .










@highlight

Hustle & Flow is gritty and redemptive , with a profound sense of place and exciting music .