Just dropped off into the realm of blandness far too often , but that 's not to say that others wo n't gush plentiful over Inarritu 's latest movie .
The Revenant is visually stunning , but the story is simplistic ... all that agony makes the movie something to endure rather than inspire .
Takes a harrowing tale of survival and revenge and gives Leonardo DiCaprio the most physically demanding role of his career , which he effortlessly disappears into .
-LSB- Leonardo DiCaprio -RSB- barely says any words in this film , yet he 's amazing .
Alejandro González Iñárritu tries to stun us with the full power movies have to document landscapes , the journeys conducted through them , and the stamina required to survive them .
It 's a triumph of the human spirit 's will to keep fighting in the face of insurmountable odds , with engrossing elements of revenge
The Revenant is a highly polished film about grand themes : greed , justice and the dispossession of indigenous lands .
From the first frame , you know you 're in for something special and it 's pretty clear that Leonardo has given his everything to this film .
Overall , The Revenant may not be the most compact film but it is an impactful one .
This is film-making of the very highest order , brilliantly combining all the heritage and history of the epic adventure picture with the very latest in movie-making technology .
I 'm going to make more jokes about The Revenant , because this is basically a live action Road Runner cartoon , and DiCaprio is Wile E. Coyote .
The Revenant is awash with Herzog 's perception of the natural world 's indifference -LRB- at best -RRB- to man . If only they could have got him to direct this .
The Revenant is breathtakingly serene , yet does not forget that the great outdoors can be immensely savage and unforgiving .
It 's more like a post-morality play in which greed , commerce , violence , and villainy are so deeply entrenched that no one emerges with his soul unscathed .
Iñárritu continues move away from his earlier work , which I still prefer , to bring a more Hollywood-digestible tale like this one that blends themes of spirituality , primal instinct and humanity .
As every step of Glass ' journey is laid out in painstaking detail , where it is leading is rarely in doubt , and how long it takes to get there makes this a feat of endurance for both the participants and the audience .
What the human characters are up to-in confusing , ever-on-the-move cohorts of French , Americans , and Indians-doesn ' t feel like it amounts to much .
It 's impossible to deny the visceral , visual power of what -LSB- Alejandro González Iñárritu -RSB- has put on the screen - a power that feels more like you 've been pulled directly into the screen instead of merely sitting in front of it .
This is a movie that must be endured , in the same way that an interminable lecture from a particularly boring mansplainer about the Swedish banking system must be stood .
`` The Revenant '' is a film of contrasts as much as it is connections . Memories collide with nightmares , death can be as savage as it can be benevolent and living versus life is a Sisyphean effort .
There are nine circles of hell in Dante 's Inferno , and the ninth is sheer ice . The Revenant is death , purgatory and hell , and each of Dante 's circle of hell is somehow represented in the film .
The Revenant 's primitive beauty is overwhelming -LRB- a tip of the hat to celebrated cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki -RRB- . However , the lack of any human connection - to Glass or anyone else - keeps us from being drawn into the story as we should be .
I would n't call the viewing experience ... enjoyable . But it 's impressive , very beautiful , and , at times , undeniably exciting .
While parts of it are thrilling , this is a bloated film by a director who is full of himself , and it shows .
A tall , brutal tale , thrillingly told .
The Revenant provides Iñarritu with an opportunity to present a view of the frontier as a place of nearly unrelieved brutality and looming death , all augmented by Lubezki 's brilliant cinematography .
The Revenant is a wide and large film about intimate life experiences , and the result is one that is thrilling and contemplative .
Every scene in The Revenant may be remarkably staged , but feels rigorously planned .
The Revenant is a harsh , outrageous and significant film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As a feat of filmmaking chutzpah , it 's one of 2015 's most intriguing offerings .
The Revenant is epic , atmospheric and visceral . It is also a great old-fashioned yarn .
The Revenant is a muddled and lumpy affair , one whose occasionally brilliant flourishes are buried in an overlong movie in love with its own sense of grandiose suffering .
It 's a wallop of spectacle and soul-searching that director Alejandro G Iñárritu serves up in his follow-up to last year 's Birdman - a revenge-propelled must-see epic , master-crafted to leave you breathless .
As an experience , it 's thrilling , terrifying and sobering . But there 's nothing to The Revenant except what darkness lies in the hearts of men , and who on the earth needs to know any more about that .
For all that The Revenant is aggressively dour to the point of self-parody , it 's exquisitely made .
A movie that is about a near-death experience throbs with alertness to the tiny details of life .
This is , in my opinion , the best film of 2015
Both the CGI bear and Leonardo DiCaprio 's Oscar-winning performance were perfectly well done .
The Revenant survives and has the staying power to stand up to multiple viewings . If you loved the film in the theater , the experience is hardly lessened by its viewing on Blu Ray . The ghost still walks .
-LSB- A -RSB- grueling but engrossing tale of survival and revenge in the American frontier .
It mostly works , but Inarritu piles on so many mishaps for poor Glass that it borders on comedy .
DiCaprio has a Best Actor Oscar nomination for the role ... But the absolute winner here is the cinematography , by Inarritu 's frequent collaborator , Emmanuel Lubezki .
A deep dark survival thriller and a film that serves revenge as a very cold dish indeed .
An extraordinary achievement .
The Revenant demonstrates , definitively , why seeking enlightenment and never having to reincarnate on earth again-is a fabulous idea ! It 's also one of the year 's best films .
That 's why The Revenant is best appreciated at its face value -- as a shell , a beautiful , windswept shell that contains less than it promises .
A curious mix of genres that has something for everybody . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Making ` The Revenant ' was an ordeal , you see , in which people froze and suffered and came to blows , and they 'd like to pass the ordeal on to you , the viewer .
Vengeance makes for a primal motivation but The Revenant is really a tale of survival : the settling of America as an odyssey of mythic dimensions in an untamed wilderness determined to kill all who fail to respect it .
The sixth film by Alejandro González Iñárritu is an authentic wild ride : off the rails , epic , powerful , violent , and thrilling . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An empty , pretty thing ... little more than a string of breathtaking vistas best suited for months of playback in the home theater section of your local Best Buy .
The Revenant 's often breathtaking technical accomplishment hides quite a conventional tale . The result is a greater cinematic achievement than it is a film-viewing experience .
The Revenant is beautifully envisioned story of revenge which , thanks to wonderful cinematography and a couple of powerhouse performances , has resulted into one of the most captivating viewing experiences of the year .
Nothing very complicated here , just richly textured suffering by men with very little to lose .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Not since Kevin Macdonald 's `` Touching the Void '' has a film made its audience feel so cold and desperate . Dress warmly .
DiCaprio offers what is probably the most physically demanding role of his carreer , almost completely lacking in dialog - although no less powerful for that - even though it is n't his best . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Iñárritu 's film has a few brief moments of promise , revelation and sheer visceral gratification , but it 's ultimately bloated with artless mimicry .
The Revenant is a powerhouse of a film , with an admirable cinematic brilliance achieved by creating an enthralling universe of harsh men and harsh wildlife .
Every event in the story ... seemed staged more to give Iñárritu a chance to show off technical virtuosity , to beat his own chest the way these characters beat their own .
The Revenant promised to be a wow of a revenge film , but in trying so hard to be complex and meaningful in his patented overeager way , Iñárritu dilutes its impact .
As it is , you 're bound to be impressed by what the actors went through , but you wo n't be so bothered about the characters they play .
Iñárritu may be at his best when he is n't aspiring to lofty spiritual ` subtext ' but instead getting his hands dirty in some good ol' fashioned action beats .
An immaculately lensed , large-scale , and defiantly heartless endurance test .
It is a visceral experience , starring actors at its best , and filmed in a very spectacular way . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's thrilling ; if exhausting .
The Revenant is a story that takes its sweet time unraveling itself , and that is great , but it also might feel too slow for some spectators . -LSB- Full review in spanish -RSB-
Equal parts beautiful and brutal , it 's easily one of the most unsettling films of the past few years . It 's also one of the best .
An inadequate script is superbly executed in The Revenant , turning half a movie 's worth of material into an exhausting , if occasionally transcendent , trek that congratulates the viewer for having survived its icy blasts of testosterone .
`` The Revenant '' is beautifully photographed , but its greatest impact is hampered by an incredibly long runtime -LRB- two hours , 36 minutes -RRB- and the high improbability of the narrative .
Inarritu 's new film is a visceral journey into the bowels of one of the most recurrent themes of his films : human suffering . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
During his very long footage I am only focused on the beauty of the images , in the prodigious natural light that Emmanuel Lubezki captures . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A common revenge story with nothing new to offer , and a survival tale just worthy for a reality show . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
With The Revenant , González Iñárritu gives us a film that is balanced between the intentions of Winding Refn and Scorsese but remains undecided . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
In every aspect , a technically impressive film . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
This is the film that DiCaprio has been waiting for and one that is sure to finally win him that elusive Oscar .
Although the film works as a visceral experience , on the whole it 's a frustrating mess .
The Revenant runs for a shade over two and a half hours , yet nary a minute feels wasted ... Such beauty almost beggars belief , even as it reminds us what cinema-as-storyteller does best .
It 's probably time to admit that Iñárritu has a loud voice but not much to say with it .
While the visuals of The Revenant are amazing from any angle , the argument is soft and ends up feeling like a pretext to justify the succession of beautiful frames . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A tale about violence and survival that did n't need so much visual aid to be told , all that spectacle adds little to nothing to the story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Revenant was enough to be the great adventure movie it is , but its director always wants more . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Covered in animal fur , a long beard , and snow , and uttering desperate grunts in lieu of words , he gives the film a crucial dramatic trust and the mythic tinge that the title - a French word for a person who reappears after a long absences - suggests .
The culmination does n't deliver any burning revelation , but the long , bloody crawl through frozen hell ultimately becomes a contemplation on man and morality outside the confines of a law-bound society .
This film is sure to be noticed at Oscar nomination time .
Is it realistic ? Sure . But does that make it something you want to see ? I say no .
THREE words best sum up Alejandro González Iñárritu 's survival thriller The Revenant : brutal , breath-taking , astonishing .
Whittled down to its essence , The Revenant is a hell of a campfire story .
A riveting and absolutely hypnotic revenge drama ...
Iñarritu can have the luxury of being a perfectionist megalomaniac with his producers and collaborators . The end result justifies it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that awakens all your senses . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A movie about vengeance or redemption , it 's easy to distinguish one from one another in this film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A superb story about , horror , beauty and vengeance . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
More than a celebration of man over nature , this is an epic tale of human survival and the triumph of the human spirit . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Might not be a classic , but it 's the most interesting film in a visual aspect in modern day Hollywood . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Revenge , it 's said , is a dish best served cold . In Alejandro González Iñárritu 's symphony of savagery , The Revenant , it 's served frozen , bloody and without mercy .
Impressive on a technical aspect but with a very simple story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A technical masterpiece , where every single detail was taken care of and a wonderful cinematogrphy by Emmanuel Lubezki . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
You could be eating cake now , Leo . But instead , because of your pointless principles , you 're chowing down on raw , bloody animal tissue .
An exciting cinematic experience that 's hard to resist . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of the most memorable cinematic experiences I 've had in many years . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Very few times have hell , desperation and death have been captured with the beauty and horror of Emmanuel Lubezki and his camera . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is no walk in the park , this is an intense film in every single way . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If The Revenant was marketed as a superhero film it would be phenomenal , but it 's not , so it pretty far fetched and hard to believe . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Alejandro González Iñárritu 's latet film is not shy about it 's goal . It aims to amaze and it does . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A cinematic experience that offers something atractive and new for any kind of cinephile . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Film aesthetic has never worked so well to express the loss of hope of something people consider sacred . This film is testament of that . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Visually extraordinary while being dour , bleak , slow at times , and not really about very much ... If it had been tighter - and had a bit more dramatic weight to go along with its visual virtuosity - it could have been a classic .
Much more of a survival film than a revenge one -- and a spectacular one at that . Like `` All is Lost '' , another in this genre , there 's not much dialog . None is needed .
As much as it 's a tale of elemental violence and barbarity , it 's also about the powerful motivating forces of love and loyalty .
The result is a gripping blend of psychological drama and epic adventure , brutal and bloody but underpinned with a delicate lyricism . Barely saying a word , DiCaprio is extraordinary .
Remarkable raw performances by Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hardy . Leaves you with feelings of isolation and determination and new found respect for all who settled America and braved the frontier . Stunning !
An adventure for all the senses that is only posible due to the poetic and refined technical work . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A strange film , you ca n't deny its tremendous qualities , but it 's not a film you would watch again and again , especially for a massive audience . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A work of art from a filmmaker that strikes to hit perfection . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Maybe Iñárritu 's method is a little extravagant , but his artistic vision prevails and in the end the result is nothing short from spectacular . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Violent ? Crude ? Of course , but it 's completely justified . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's three hours of muddy , gruesome machismo dialled up to eleven and drowning in indecipherable grunts and growls , without anything to justify its existence beyond winning Leonardo DiCaprio an Academy Award .
It 's art worthy of respect , and just as much fear . Technically , it could be better , and could have benefitted from tighter editing and a more cohesive yarn .
Either a flawed masterpiece or a director losing his mind and disappearing up his own butt while he makes his cast and crew suffer on the journey .
Iñarritu invites the audience to let themselves be shaken and taken on a life of death journey . -LSB- Full review in Spanihs -RSB-
Like ` The Hateful Eight , ' ` The Revenant ' identifies racism as the white man 's mortal sin , but here this poison subverts not just the legitimacy of the United States but the entire enterprise of European expansion into the New World .
`` Its revenge tale , for all its grimaces , is no greater than one found in ordinary B westerns .
Baron Munchausen meets Liver Eating Johnson in this silly but entertaining sage of survival and revenge .
Leonardo DiCaprio is n't even the best thing in this .
This is a frontier story made as no other has been before . It 's immense .
This is the crucible in which modern America was formed , the film seems to be saying : that it frequently resembles an apocalypse is its own tragic indictment .
The film is such an immersive experience that you can almost feel the mud under your feet , sense the chill on your skin and the danger that lurks around every corner of an untamed wilderness in the 1820s .
The insights are not especially original -LRB- the human spirit is strong ! -RRB- but the execution is astounding .
Leonardo DiCaprio delivers a barnstorming performance as the embattled Glass , whose quest for survival takes him on a Herzogian odyssey to the very borders of life and death .
A masterpiece . Should take Best Picture , Best Director , Best Actor , Best Supporting Actor and Best Cinematography this year , next year and the year after that .
Iñárritu 's camera floats around , God-like , recording the mauled man 's plight dispassionately . The effect is meditative but more pronounced in the movie 's moments of harsh reality .
The Revenant is proof that cinema can stop being just art and becomes an experience . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Opening and closing with striking images of blood-soaked ground - first animal blood , then human - The Revenant suggests a circle of death rather than a circle of life .
I think Iñárritu has something more on his mind than revenge , but the potential complexity of his ending is lost in DiCaprio 's hands .
It looks amazing and has much else to recommend it besides . Still , it 's a movie by Alejandro González Iñárritu , who has n't been content merely to tell a story since he did Amores Perros ... He 's always reaching for cosmic significance in his material .
It is overwhelming but unmoving , a rush of brute force that leaves the nagging afterthought , `` Is that all there is ? ''
Frontier epic takes cine-suffering to new levels of agony and - most importantly - veracity .
This film is a testosterone flick , the opposite of a chick flick . That is not to say that no women will enjoy it , only that many will not . Its purpose is grit , gore , strength , and endurance . It is simple and elegant in its simplicity .
The Revenant is accomplished , but it is not entertainment .
if you can stomach a little raw bison liver and ignore a deluge of irrelevant Oscar hype , this is a wilderness expedition worth taking .
I admired its ambition , but also found it an endurance test . I was longing for it to be over , and so relieved when it was .
Inarritu cements his place as one of the world 's visionary directors with a film that is bold , beautiful and breathtaking .
Judged on its own merits - as it should be - The Revenant is a thrilling adventure that pits the audience at the heart of a long , painful journey about survival and redemption .
Here 's a movie where the elements ooze from the screen , and DiCaprio matches the experience by baring his wounds and his soul in a performance of agonising honesty and emotion .
Inarritu 's work on `` The Revenant '' is vigorous and cinematic , his reverence applying not just to nature but the art of filmmaking , emphasis on the art .
The locations and cinematography are wow-inducing .
Brutal and beautiful , this is a superbly made , brilliantly acted tale of survival and revenge that exerts a powerful grip and leaves you gasping for breath .
a singular cinematic experience of profound visceral impact
Beautifully filmed but the movie is one long slog through the blood and snow .
Without characters to latch on to , or much in the way of deeper thematic content , the novelty of Inarritu 's formal work eventually begins to wear off .
A 2 1/2 - hour trek through a chilling wilderness of violence , fear , hatred , eviscerations , elemental beauty , and the most brutal bear attack since the 1940 NFL championship -LRB- Chicago 73 , Washington 0 -RRB- .
Iñárritu , presumably spurred by the difficulty of the frosty conditions , has realised the need for narrative discipline , using the images exclusively rather than dialogue to enhance its universal ideas such as self-preservation .
If suffering on screen gets you an Oscar , Leonardo Di Caprio certainly deserves one . He spends almost his entire time on screen as Hugh Glass , in pain : badly mauled by a grizzly bear in Canada 's remote frontier , buried alive ...
Inarritu 's film is cinematic , powerful and raw
An incredible cinematic experience that is both shocking in its violence and awe-inspiring in its depiction of one 's man struggle to survive in the brutal wilderness .
... an action blockbuster with an art house soul , a headlong rush of motion with meaning . Pure cinema from Iñárritu and Lubezki , two undisputed masters working at their peaks .
A masterclass of filmmaking from Iñárritu .
We learn just as much about ourselves watching it as we do about those enduring the details firsthand .
This is an amazing-looking film with a couple of how-in-the-world-did-they-do-that scenes . It works as a tale of survival , adventure yarn , revenge saga and spiritual journey .
The screen swells with earth , air , sky and water . You do n't just watch it , you feel it -- the cold , the wet , the pain , and the primal emotions that drive the characters .
To describe The Revenant as epic hardly seems enough ; magnificent is more like it .
The first few minutes will leave you in absolutely no doubt as to the type of visceral , vivid , immersive , armrest-clutching movie experience you 're in for ... Think of the opening battle sequence in Saving Private Ryan , but with muskets and arrows .
Thanks to a committed performance by DiCaprio and extraordinary cinematography by Emmanuel Lubezki , this revenge Western is n't terrible , but its grandiose treatment belies a rather dull , flat story .
If you absolutely have to watch a film about an incredibly inventive man surviving in the absolute worst conditions imaginable , can I recommend The Grey instead ?
Although ` The Revenant ' tells a tale of violence and hardship , gorgeous vistas and cinematic artistry fill the screen -- thanks to Oscar-winning cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki .
Makes exquisite use of silence , with minimal musical score and many scenes where the only sound you hear is clumps of snow falling off trees or ice cracking .
Iñárritu has constructed an epic fable of uncommon grace and resonance -- a film that , like its hero , achieves a kind of transcendence .
... a feast for the senses that 's both difficult to watch and impossible from which to turn away .
... a movie people are going to write books about .
This is 2015 's best film .
The Revenant is an ambitious directorial and performance experiment that yields interesting , if not flawed , results .
Alejandro González Iñárritu 's best movie since Babel ...
A simple story built around the ancient motivation of revenge conveyed in a style that is so harrowing and raw it speaks to our animal instincts .
As an action movie with a grisly exploitation edge , The Revenant could have been a triumph . But Inarritu ca n't seem to stop lunging after greatness : some of his symbolic touches reach new heights of kitsch .
The film , never less than visually magnificent , is almost entirely pointless : a shaggy-bear story at best .
If there 's anything worth praising about The Revenant , it 's that , hollow or no , it sure looks pretty .
Simply exhausting .
A maddening meditation on vengeance : its high toll and the fleeting satisfaction it yields .
The journey is long and painstaking , the better to give you a sense of just what is being opposed to what .
The Revenant is a revenge in a dish definitely served cold .
Spectacular , mind-boggling imagery . DiCaprio is towering . A triumph of cinema art .
... A challenging , exhaustive experience .
When Inarritu tries to sketch larger themes , the movie descends into what they called in `` Blazing Saddles '' `` authentic frontier gibberish . '' But when it stays simple and elemental , it 's an enthralling experience .
A wrenching saga of survival and revenge , Alejandro G. Inarritu 's new epic is just as technically astounding as his Oscar-winning previous film Birdman .
A coonskin-cap `` Saving Private Ryan '' opening suggests a compelling confluence of Michael Mann and John McTiernan . Instead , this becomes a long - insufferably long - day 's journey into night , indulging Iñárritu 's intrusive filmmaking more than usual .
The pairing of DiCaprio and Hardy , two of the most intense actors working today , is entertaining mainly on a visceral level-bleeding , spitting , chewing , screaming , crying , snorting , and always suffering , quite a human range is on display .
A brutal movie , but a great one . You do n't even need to know the definition of revenant to enjoy it !
Do n't expect a passionate love story or even Leonardo batting a passing eye at some lady of the trail . This is a man 's man movie .
Without the spectacular cinematography , this two and a half hour survival epic might have been an insurmountable challenge to the endurance of its audience .
DiCaprio is called on to depict the man 's desperation , grief and searing anger almost entirely through his eyes and he does it with remarkable depth , turning Glass 's endurance into a steadfastness both physical and emotional .
It 's not a flawless film , but the heights Iñárritu reaches in tackling such an ambitious project make it easier to appreciate in spite of its deficiencies .
One of the most beautifully shot films you might ever see thanks to the brilliant work of cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sex , Nudity , Violence , Profanity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
This is the action-adventure film as arthouse epic , where a tighter script and more clearly defined characters might have made it more engaging .
A hauntingly beautiful film in so many ways .
A classic story told in a very brutal and beautiful way .
In terms of pure spectacle and cinematic beauty , Alejandro González Iñárritu 's The Revenant approaches masterpiece status .
This is a film of simple ideas and overwhelming images-but at the movies , for better or worse , images win .
The story is straightforward enough , but Iñárritu and Lubezki have the utmost respect for the land around them .
The characters become symbols ; the narrative an allegory ; the film a masterpiece . A brutal masterpiece .
The first hour of the film is stunning . After that , it 's a whole lot of showing off .
How do you decide who is in charge and what to do ? The film 's most fascinating moments are the ones where we see characters across the continuum on those questions .
This is The Passion of the Christ with all of the suffering , but without the mystery of faith and redemption .
Award-time musings for DiCaprio notwithstanding , ` The Revenant ' remains adrift in the snow ...
A picture of both astonishing beauty and grueling agony .
DiCaprio may get put through bloody hell , but on a big screen `` The Revenant '' is heaven , with Lubezki 's camera painting the American West as a rapturous primeval proving ground .
There is so much to like and admire and study closely , including DiCaprio 's mature , committed , ruthless and yet empathetic performance .
Inarritu 's gutsy , risky drama with its hard-boiled characters and vividly explicit acts of violence combines a classic Western revenge tale with the best camera work of the year .
The film may leave you as near-speechless and mono-minded as its battered returnee from the dead .
The enormously talented Alejandro G. Iñárritu -LRB- `` Amores Perros , '' `` 21 Grams , '' `` Birdman '' -RRB- strikes again with this 19th century American fable , one of the most brutally beautiful movies I 've ever seen .
Iñárritu 's real achievement is how he captures the monumental force of the untamed land .
Alejandro Iñárritu 's `` The Revenant '' is a gnarly , pitiless ode to a time and place in America when was life was nasty , brutish and often short .
The Revenant seeps into the soul , like the coldest chill ever experienced .
One the most transcending films you 'll see in a theater in your lifetime .
Even though we 're pretty sure we know where `` Revenant '' is going , it 's gripping every step of the way .
A brooding western on an epic scale , it surely will be ranked as one of the great films of this decade .
Boldly original , `` The Revenant '' puts everything else playing at the multiplexes in the shade .
Director and co-writer Iñárritu is aiming high with this film , based on a true story - and he never lets you forget it .
Rebirth , Revenge Propel Gorgeous `` Revenant . ''
The movie is n't called `` Go Home and Forget About It , '' so we know the revenge plot stands , but what that means for the characters is stranger and less straightforward than you might imagine . This is one of 2015 's best films .
A 156-minute western with 30 minutes of plot , a gorgeous and well-acted series of grueling battles between man and man or man and nature that amount emotionally to nothing at all .
The ravenously beautiful revenge saga from Alejandro González Iñárritu plays like the meanest Jack London short story imaginable . Its thrills chill to the bone .
Despite the literal and figurative pains it takes to persuade viewers of its own importance , `` The Revenant '' ca n't escape the clutches of crippling self-regard .
The Revenant is a caramel-coated macadamia nut , beautiful but difficult to chew . Be prepared , or you 'll likely lose a tooth .
`` The Revenant '' is a director 's movie , a showcase for a filmmaker 's vision and innovation . Inarritu employs long , complicated shots that make full use of the wide screen .
Words matter little in a movie that favors seeing and feeling above all else . It 's a work of pure , furious sensation .
A grueling portrait of nature and man at their most unrelenting and unforgiving .
Overburdened by flashbacks and symbolic inserts , The Revenant becomes a real slog in its second hour .
The Revenant is exhilarating cinema .
The Revenant is n't beautiful to look at because Iñárritu wants you take in the sights ; it 's beautiful because he wants you to know that there 's nothing man ca n't ruin - or be ruined by .
The heavenly visuals , which would look lovely mounted over a fireplace , ultimately serve filmmaking ego more than the grim , early 19th-century revenge tale they are telling .
Within the extremities and occasional nonsense in The Revenant is a superb blood-and-guts Western , positively bubbling over with shock and sweeping visual scope .
Iñárritu dives deep into the savagery of the setting and characters , exploring the insanity from all angles while maintaining a remarkably steady directorial hand .
With a committed turn from Leonardo DiCaprio and beautiful technical elements , Inarritu gives us a film that is harsh , cruel and positively riveting .
It is as if Inárritu and Lubezki need affirmation of their talents by jumping and waving their arms in the background cinematically shouting , ` Look at us ! Look at us ! '
Playground machismo .
Each shot means to shock with elemental beauty : the simmering immanence of Tarkovsky in a frosted glade , mist materializing ... The warring fury and irrational tumult of Klimov . The dark-on-darker screen of Philippe Grandrieux . Iñárritu has watched well .
The sheer mad bravura on display makes it impossible to dismiss . After all , how many times do you get to see someone attempt to best Malick and Herzog and Apocalypse-era Coppola with one go ?
It is a unique journey that tells a timeless parable about greed , redemption and the dawning realization that man might be even more dangerous than nature .
Iñárritu 's insistently flashy cinematographic staging ... ultimately plays less as lyricism and more as poetry slam .
A film that 's far easier to admire than to love . Indeed , one takes leave of it commiserating more with the actors and crew who obviously endured much making it than with the characters whose story they 're telling .
The Revenant is as gripping as film can get .
More likely to be remembered for DiCaprio 's performance than its slow-paced , grim narrative , The Revenant is an endurance test for both its leading character and the audience .
This is a visual and sensory experience rather than a literary one , and on that level it succeeds admirably .
It might be an endurance test , but the rewards of The Revenant are plentiful .
Themes so uncomplicated you wonder why Iñárritu needed two and a half hours to convey them . What a ride those two and a half hours are , though .
The Revenant is not for the weak of will -LRB- or stomach -RRB- , but it 's as beautiful as it is bracing .
The toil , the penetrating profundity , the dark power of vengeance and love with a pulsating reanimating quality ; The Revenant left me utterly stunned , stalking out of the cinema in a state of disbelief .
Alejandro G. Iñárritu feels comfortable showing us the darkest side of the human soul . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Iñárritu famously went for realism here , putting his cast and crew through all kinds of misery , but the end result is simply spectacular , something like the gorgeous naturalism of Malick 's `` The New World '' crossed with `` Jeremiah Johnson . ''
It 's hard to shake the thought that The Revenant is very , very good at being one thing , yet wants desperately to be another and never quite gets there .
In a rare performance that intertwines the character with an appreciation of what the actor had to do to achieve it , DiCaprio sets a new standard of physical sacrifice for the realization of a role .
After a while , `` The Revenant '' turns into a slog . Make no mistake , it 's a very beautiful slog .
High-toned body horror that emotionally and tonally starts on one note and never deviates from it , which becomes rather exhaustingly dull .
Hugh Glass is like the Dirty Steve in a Dogme 95 Young Guns .
What elevates this standard , if relentless , plot line is that The Revenant feels like high-wire work without a net .
It 's a grand adventure that delivers on its tale of survival and revenge , and though it might be a little too intense for some , it 's ultimately well-worth the two and a half hours to experience one of the most breathtaking films of the year .
The movie is such a grueling experience that it 's easy to feel a little betrayed by the contrived simplicity of its ultimate goal .
`` The Revenant '' is both draining and rewarding , and its power lingers long after its last gasp .
It features a battalion of very fine , hardworking actors , none more diligently committed than Mr. DiCaprio , and some of the most beautiful natural tableaus you 're likely to see in a movie this year .
Defenders of this movie will talk about its `` sense of place . '' But this film has only a sense of things framed in a world of wonders , like the patched-up keelboat of the trappers , or even Glass 's banged-up anatomy itself .
... this is a fascinating , tense tale with terrific performances by DiCaprio and especially Hardy as the bad guy ... the screen really brightens up when he appears ... one of the best films of the year despite the counterfactual ending
The major accomplishments of The Revenant are its extraordinary cinematography and its ability to try our patience .
`` The Revenant '' is a classic B picture fortified with all manner of Grade A resources .
DiCaprio 's performance is what drives The Revenant and makes this R-rated violent Western not only one of the year 's best films but also one of the best Westerns in decades .
The Revenant is n't for everyone - it asks more from its audience than the average motion picture - but for those to whom the subject matter appeals , it will be among 2015 's most memorable theatrical options .
As wondrous to behold as it is punishing to endure , `` The Revenant '' is Inarritu staking his claim to the most unique movie of the year .
A powerful , unforgettable motion picture that packs a wallop you 'll need some time to recover from .
The Revenant is the epitome of primal , visceral cinema .
The point of the whole thing - the reason this movie was made , and the reason we 're watching it - gets drowned beneath a series of memorable but disconnected images and moments .
I came out of this would-be epic feeling physically exhausted , psychically mauled and none the better for wear .
-LSB- The Revenant -RSB- demonstrates once more that Iñárritu is one of the most fascinating , unpredictable and demanding filmmakers working today .
Unlike many productions that gift themselves importance , `` The Revenant '' simply becomes a viewing event .
If filmmaking can be macho , here it is at its man-manliest .
As an actor , DiCaprio has made crawling his forte .
Gorgeous to look at , this romantic survivalist revenger has the heart of an ice pick .
A stunning visual tone poem about frontier survival .
The Revenant was famously hard to shoot , but the filmmaking has a rare and confident vigor - you are always aware you 're seeing the real world , even as Iñárritu 's camera bounds through it like it 's Skyrim .
No one is more in rhapsody over the manliness of the mission than Inarritu . His bleak and beautiful movie is overwrought , but it 's also soaked through with the brutality of the frontier and the tragedy of its indigenous people .
Iñárritu may have fashioned The Revenant as the ultimate endurance test , but as Glass , DiCaprio simply endures . He gives the movie a beating heart , offering it up , figuratively speaking , alive and bloody on a platter
The Revenant is a throwback look at a wild time in American history , and the team-up of Iñárritu and DiCaprio gives this era a deserving epic .
Come for the bear scene ... stay for a survival saga worth all of Leo 's suffering .
It 's intoxicating , even as long stretches separate plot developments . `` McCabe and Mrs. Miller '' and the impressionistic rambles of Terrence Malick films such as `` Days of Heaven '' come to mind .
Alejandro González Iñárritu 's stunning , brutal western tackles elemental themes through an uncompromised and non-didactic vision .
It 's one brutal , badass epic . Hang on for the power of cinema unleashed and DiCaprio stretching his acting muscles , testing himself , eager for challenge . That you do not want to miss .
As gorgeous as the landscapes are , the men who march across them are small and mean and violent . But , then again , this is not `` How the West Was Won . '' This is mostly , perhaps , how it was .
A virtuoso display of pure , awe-inspiring cinema .
The Revenant is Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu in a nutshell : he makes a bloody 19th century revenge film , and throws in a Star Wars reference . God love him .
A relentlessly-gruesome , gritty and grim adventure reminiscent of how the West was won .
The story is a little absurd if you step back and think about it , but it feels so visceral and immediate that you never really need to .
You do n't just watch `` The Revenant , '' you experience it . You walk out of it exhausted , impressed with the overall quality of the filmmaking and a little more grateful for the creature comforts of your life .
An epic poem written in blood ... one of the best pictures of the year .
The American frontier on display in Alejandro G. Iñárritu 's The Revenant ' is a feral land without mercy or God
Apocalyptic filigree and bravura filmmaking aside , The Revenant keeps coming back to an old , bloody story : good man chases bad man for doing bad things to good man .
An eerie , elemental and exhausting epic adventure , making ` Deliverance ' look like a walk in the park .
How many great scenes does it take to make a great movie ? The Revenant , a ravishingly violent Western survival yarn from Alejandro González Iñárritu , has a healthy few , scattered like acorns across its two-and-a-half-hour canvas .
Simply put , it 's boring to watch something so pompously pretentious that stays so resolutely on beat .
The Revenant is so prettily constructed that it 's painful to admit how ridiculous it actually is .
In The Revenant , there is never so much as a twig or a smear of mud out of place . It looks beautiful , certainly , but not real .
DiCaprio 's performance is an astonishing testament to his commitment to a role .
The type of film that can only get better on multiple viewings .
I think The Revenant is , on the whole , pain without gain , but it 's certainly a tour de force - literally , a feat of strength .
The Revanent is among the truly great films of 2015 , and is Alejandro González Iñárritu 's greatest film ... by the end you share in the characters ' exhaustion of heart and soul , and perhaps in their glimpse at something infinite , beautiful , and terrifying .
DiCaprio is outstanding in a role that has him silent for extended periods of time and hurls his body around like a leaf in a tornado .
From the sound of it , The Revenant was an arduous chore to make . And as the final product proves , it was definitely worth the trouble .
The Revenant is just the latest gorgeous , hollow and largely pointless work from a director who has convinced so many that his stark nudity is actually a sumptuous set of clothes .
The Revenant is a stunning , impeccably made , hauntingly poetic western . It 's also long , immersive , demanding , spooky and metaphysical .
Leonardo DiCaprio is at his best battling against the elements in this brutal and beautiful snowy western . The grizzly bear attack is worth the price of admission alone .
An extravagant `` dad '' speech : `` Back in my day , we walked eight miles barefoot in the snow to hunt down the men who left us for dead ! ''
The Revenant is intensely disturbing and brutally mesmerizing with exquisite imagery and a beautifully bleak atmosphere .
Punishing , visceral , masculine , grisly and utterly captivating for its run time . Not for everyone , but it 's a powerful trip , if your mind and spirit can endure it .
The Revenant is another sweeping accomplishment for Iñárritu and one of 2015 's best films . Just make sure you know what you 're in for .
One of the more indulgent and visual experiences I 've had at the movies , with glorious landscapes , natural lighting , and picturesque majesty , but the film is more than a demo-reel of mountain ranges .
All the more incredible for not needing 3D glasses or a virtual reality helmet to let moviegoers feel fully dropped into the beautiful , cold , bloody thick of it .
Inárritu and DiCaprio have given us an adventure we will not forget -- and Leo should be accepting a Best Actor Oscar come February .
`` The Revenant '' should be seen for its exquisite scenery , its realistic portrayal of men living 200 years ago in an unforgiving environment , and for Leo .
In Alejandro González Iñárritu 's astounding new film , DiCaprio puts himself through the wringer . In fact , scratch that : what he goes through in The Revenant makes the wringer look like an Ayurvedic shea butter rubdown .
It is a mad , visionary and quite often preposterous survival tale , very bloody , very violent and full of murky religious symbolism . It is also often astounding in its flights of macabre lyricism .
Who needs clever dialogue when you can watch Leo DiCaprio groaning and grunting for a considerable part of the movie ?
Iñárritu captured The Revenant in the wilds of Canada , Argentina , and the United States , using a blend of raw footage and clever computer-generated effects to create a story of survival and adventure that would curdle Jack London 's blood .
Makes the guys in The Grey look like weenies , and those were some tough dudes !
Beautiful and ... uh ... well , it 's beautiful anyway .
Let 's just cut to the chase and say it - this is the western as Game of Thrones
It 's a hairy true story , one ripe for the über-masculine film treatment , which is exactly what director Alejandro González Iñárritu has given us in the grueling The Revenant , as much a survival story for the audience as it is for the hero .
DiCaprio 's raw performance helps elevate what could have been just another man-versus-nature drama , The Edge with furry hats , into a powerful ode to resilience . But this is Iñárritu 's show .
That bare outline does n't even begin to capture the sheer wild ambition , beauty and savagery on show in The Revenant . Far more challenging than even Iñárritu 's bravura Oscar-winner Birdman , this is his Fitzcarraldo or his Apocalypse Now .
If you like Westerns , survival films , Leonardo DiCaprio , or Tom Hardy , then I think this is a film you 're going to want to check out on the big screen .
Iñárritu and Lubezki are taking chances with their camera -- chances , no doubt , made even more difficult by working with only natural light in frigid conditions . But it pays off , giving the film a singularly strange and haunting beauty .
While Leo crawls his way towards Oscar gold , The Revenant gets lost in a beautifully snow-blind bleakness that runs far longer than necessary .
The movie is as thrilling and painful as a sheet of ice held to the skin .
A haunting , immersive and grizzly cinematic experience , The Revenant features Alejandro Gonzalez Innaritu at the height of his filmmaking prowess , while an all-in Leonardo DiCaprio delivers the performance of a lifetime .
A stunning-looking and daring filmmaking endeavor , The Revenant brings one of the Old West 's greatest legends to cinematic life with utter ferocity and complete conviction from its cast .
A violent and masterfully acted tale , beautifully filmed and handsomely produced . It has pacing issues , and that 's a hindrance , but if you think about it the whole film is about hindrance .
A cold , visceral , and overwhelming piece of cinema , The Revenant not only sets a new precedent for the survival genre but may be the strongest American film since Paul Thomas Anderson 's There Will Be Blood .
This may be frontier America , but it feels older , primordial - like a place humans are n't yet meant to be .
This is nowhere near DiCaprio 's best performance , but it is his most urgent , in a `` Do you not see how hard I 'm working for you people ? '' kind of way .
Director/co-writer Alejandro G. Inarritu , cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki and a vast team of visual effects wizards have created a sensationally vivid and visceral portrait of human endurance under very nearly intolerable conditions .
The Revenant gives no quarter , and in the absence of all goodwill it begs the viewer to confront the terrifying notion of an world without human decency .
Playing a frontiersman left for dead who seeks vengeance , Leonardo DiCaprio gives a potently physical performance that , much like `` The Revenant '' itself , eschews nuance in the name of pitiless , cathartic drama .
A bloody revenge tale that 's self-serious and absurd at once , pitting top-notch craft with muddled ideas .
There is plenty of amazement here , to be sure , but all too little in the way of grace .
With a career that is full of tremendous performances , five-time Academy Award nominee Leonardo DiCaprio offers an intense and moving testament to his legacy as one of modern cinema 's most gifted actors .
`` This is our kind of event movie . ''
While the style may outpace the substance , that does n't make the style any less magnificent . And when it comes to sheer customer satisfaction , The Revenant checks nearly every box , up to and including the man vs. wild throwdown .
Inarritu 's brand of intensity allows for zero emotional complexity . ... It 's hard to respond completely to a filmmaker who hits every beat , every note , with the same bug-eyed determination .
If the sum of its parts do n't add up to much , the fact remains that the specific parts are often breathtaking .
A bit simple in the revenge-focused story department but visually rich and rarely less than striking .
What pushes the film , at long last , into the icy river , is its very design , as a monument to slick , mercenary grandeur .
No , it 's not a happy tale . But what survives from ` Birdman ' is a compelling , forward-moving , simple approach to storytelling that grips us through stretches of silence and misery .
With The Revenant , Alejandro González Iñárritu weaves a story both simple and complex , brutal and beautiful , and with a focused and impressive visual aesthetic .

@highlight

As starkly beautiful as it is harshly uncompromising , The Revenant uses Leonardo DiCaprio 's committed performance as fuel for an absorbing drama that offers punishing challenges -- and rich rewards .