When the Wild West show ends in Chicago , neither the comedians , nor the movie audience is ready to get off the tour bus .
The film plays more as a home video than a documentary , but injected with live performances and local flair in the heartland of America , it 's still relatively fun .
Think Jerry Seinfeld 's `` Comedian '' x 4 !
This charming trip might be worth revisiting .
Vaughn 's mischievous imprint hangs over all : slick , irreverent and begging for more -- of what , I 'm not sure .
... a surprisingly insightful meditation on the personal stories that drive comedy .
It gets to be a stretch until the tour winds down and you realize you 're rooting for these guys to make it , and what a drag it would be if they do n't .
It is supposed to be a raucous ride of laughter , but it 's thin on one important aspect : the jokes .
Along with the comics ' constant riffage and the doc 's terrific , vintage-country soundtrack , the film 's full of joyful moments that pretty much guarantee you 'll feel better walking out than you did going in .
Where WERE you ? I know , I know . The wind was blowing some ghastly mph and yes , the temperature was well below zero.Still , ` Vince Vaughn 's Wild West Comedy Show ' was worth getting out for .
There 's a reason this lackluster documentary ... has languished on the shelf since its premiere at the Toronto Film Festival in September 2006 ...
Vince Vaughn 's Wild West Comedy Show is a modest documentary that provides a good showcase for these four comedians .
The movie 's just not all that funny . Vaughn 's troopers -- as presented anyway -- are never more than mildly amusing .
Good stuff .
Vaughn 's star charisma carries much of the weight ... their friendships and the charm of the low-key Putting-On-A-Show vibe wears us down into pleasant submission
Too crude in spots , ` Wild West Comedy Show ' is still an amusing and revealing documentary about the daring art of stand-up comedy .
Vaughn 's Wild West Comedy Show succeeds when it focuses in on the comedian 's homes off the range .
There 's more heart than one might expect in this raunchy romp across America .
You get four decent comics plucked from obscurity and given a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to play big venues packed with eager fans who would probably have roared at a 20-minute set by Alan Greenspan if Vaughn had deigned to give him his blessing .
Vince Vaughn is coming to town with the Four Indistinguishable Frat Dudes of Comedy .
The movie 's amiable , impulsive , intense , and scattershot , and since those are qualities associated with Vaughn himself , in the end it 's a fair representation .
Good enough for an HBO special . But for a full-blown movie ? No way .
Perhaps everyone who takes a long road trip with their friends should bring a video camera to capture memories . Whether , like Vince Vaughn , you believe these home movies are worth putting in movie theatres is another question .
After a while the movie 's inside chumminess and the overgrown-boy schtick start to wear thin , making me wonder whether Sarah Silverman or Margaret Cho might consider filming a sequel with a busload of neurotic girlfriends .
While not overtly done , the entire movie explores what America is laughing about at this point in time -- and what people in the heartland do n't find funny . Either way , it is illuminating .
Its full title may be unwieldy and its humor a tad colorful for a family audience , but Vince Vaughn 's Wild West Comedy Show is surprisingly endearing and chock-full of a genuine appreciation of the moment .
A breezy and surprisingly enlightening glimpse at a segment of showbiz life and its importance to people dedicated to making us laugh .
Is it Wild ? Pretty mild , actually .
The tour stops may have been successful , as Vaughn claims , but the documentary of it comes off more as a well-intentioned vanity production than the career launching pad he envisioned .
A 2 1/2 - year-old collection of mediocre stand-up routines and dull backstage chatter , Vince Vaughn 's Wild West Comedy Show demonstrates why comedy clubs require you to have a couple of drinks .
Vince Vaughn 's Wild West Comedy Show imagines itself a contemporary equivalent of rootin ' - tootin ' traveling entertainments like Buffalo Bill 's Wild West Show . That 's a tall comparison to draw .
It 's almost like you 're watching a 100-minute trailer for a much better six-hour miniseries .
A revealing and often hilarious look at the life of a stand-up .
Director Ari Sandel includes too many tour stops along with life-on-the-road laments , ... but the film still should please fans of stand-up comedy -- especially those who have n't seen the featured comedians before .
It 's a funny comedy , and sometimes an even better drama .
Unfortunately , the four comics on the road trip are about on the level of your average Last Comic Standing contestant -- competent and just mildly funny , but unremarkable . Definitely no future Bill Hicks or Richard Pryor in the lot .
Even if you 're a Vaughn fan , you 'll have more fun watching him promote Wild West on talk shows than watching the film itself .
Vaughn could have used an editor , but Wild West still is a romp with a likable bunch .
There are moments of performing brilliance in Vince Vaughn 's Wild West Comedy Show : 30 Days , 30 Nights -- Hollywood to the Heartland ; there is enough intimacy with the characters that we care about what happens .
Director Ari Sandel , who made an Academy Award-winning short film , West Bank Story , shows generous portions of each comedian 's performance . Students of the art will be interested in the commentary the performers provide .
About 30 comedy shows and could have been interesting for maybe 30 minutes . But it goes beyond that , until the actor and his far less charismatic buddies get on your 30th nerve .
Vaughn seems to believe that bringing hundreds of F-bombs per night and such guest stars as ` the gay guy from `` Wedding Crashers '' ' to the benighted masses that live between New York and Los Angeles is the domestic equivalent of a USO show .
light on laughs
The end product is a delight , enthusiastically introducing four stand-ups experiencing their first taste of a blinding spotlight and reminding the audience that Vaughn remains an ace comic mind , no matter the bitter taste Fred Claus left behind .
... a pleasant mid-winter diversion , providing laughs while teaching us something about the work of those who make us laugh for a living .
To my mind , this is one comedy tour well worth taking .
A freewheeling , sometimes unfocused , but always entertaining and intriguing look at some people you hope will make it big in their chosen career
Rarely since Easy Rider has a road-trip movie so successfully taken us there .
Vaughn 's idea and its execution make for a unique entertainment experience .
An intermittently funny , by-the-numbers tour documentary that could easily have gone straight to DVD .
A good concert film might have been culled from Vaughn 's 30-date LA-to-Chicago tour ... But this is more like a DVD extra for that film
In several respects , Vince Vaughn 's Wild West Comedy Show is a better documentary than it is a comedy concert film .
We never particularly care about the notion of the tour itself ; it 's a marathon , but so what ? There is no effort to make the venues come alive ; indeed , many of them are just names slapped up on the screen .
This loosely enjoyable documentary does n't offer deep insights into the minds of comedians .
It 's a mouthful of a title for a rowdy , ramshackle funfest that flies by on its spirited humor and surprising heart .
Comedy hits the road , but the jokes fall flat .
The delight stems from the quartet of lesser known comics Vaughn chose to place at the movie 's center , as well as the unpretentious way we learn so much about them -- their motives , pains , struggles and revealing ethnic and class backgrounds .
It 's all easy to take , in a cable-TV sort of way , but neither outrageously funny nor especially revealing .
Only sporadically wild , but it does indeed go through some Western states . It also ends up feeling about as long and draggy as the title itself .
This is stand-up comedy here . Bring the funny and leave the rest on the bus .
Raunchy stand-up roadshow will appeal to teens .
An opportunity to see bad comics live without a two-drink minimum .
West is heavy on Vaughn , at least initially , but woefully short on comedy .
A tad overlong , but as vanity projects go , this is warm , openhearted stuff .
While the tour looks like it had an appealingly ragged spontaneity and goofiness , the film itself is a chore to sit through at times .
Unlike Eddie Murphy and Jim Carrey , who make being funny look like a dreary chore , Vince Vaughn seems like a dude who actually enjoys his job .
Documentary chronicling Vince Vaughn 's month-long traveling comedy show is n't as funny as it wants to be , but it 's good for a few laughs .
The standup excerpts in the opening credits montage are , without exception , completely unfunny ... but , between a third and halfway through , things begin to pick up . All four comics deliver some first-rate material .
Vaughn 's ambitious dream project offers more than just a look at four budding stand-up comics , but a look at our country from a very unique perspective as well .
The performance footage is less engaging than your average standup act on Comedy Central , while the backstage interviews about the comedic craft are pointless .
Wild West Comedy Show is less a movie than a concert , but it 's probably the best comedy concert you 'll see all year .
Vince Vaughn 's Wild West Comedy Show has a loosey-goosey , what-the-hell spirit that 's easy and fun to hook into .
Break-out comedian Sebastian Maniscalo deserves his own TV series or a big movie .
Even at 100 minutes , this documentary about Vaughn and pals ' 2005 bus tour from L.A. to Chicago -LRB- and all points in between , oy -RRB- plays a little long .
This ramshackle film cuts deeper as documentary .
-LSB- Has -RSB- a sharp poignancy that I was so completely not expecting ...
If you were expecting an actual comedy concert film , however , you 've got another thing coming .
Yee-haw , I love a good Wild West variety show ! Disappointment sets in when it 's clear that there will be little in the way of variety .
Cable TV-ready filler .
Comedy with a social conscious . How refreshing .
Vince Vaughn 's Wild West Comedy Show is a sweet and affecting tribute to the shrewd charms of the American road show .
Stand-up tour doc offers laughs and amusing surprises , but does n't justify a runtime as long as its title .
More than a vanity project for the currently hot actor but less than gripping cinema , either as a performance film or as a life-on-the-road tell-all .






@highlight

Vince Vaughn 's Wild West Comedy Show has some entertaining moments , but is a mostly hit-and-miss documentary .