Though `` Great Expectations '' is far from a letdown , it does n't quite feel like it packs the punch its source material deserves .
The film is always gorgeous . Even the realistic vileness of pre-sewerage-system London streets are a wonder to look at .
This business-like adaptation hums along about as well as a movie can when it has no real reason to exist .
While Mike Newell 's adaptation of `` Great Expectations '' is n't a terrible one by any means , there just is n't enough here to make it worth the time of sitting through a story that 's already been done many times over .
... has the feel of a very well done History Channel production . Which does n't make it bad , only superfluous .
In a culture already awash with so much Dickens , another take on ` Great Expectations ' needs to be a real pip -LRB- forgive me -RRB- to be worth the trouble .
It somehow feels more suited for the ` Masterpiece Theatre ' crowd than for the multiplex .
Its fidelity to the source and its stylish , though somewhat sedate approach make it a good , if not great , modern alternative to Lean 's still-superb filmization .
The world can always stand to be reminded , even for the ten thousandth time , of towering art , even from those that include a boring lead who seems to go through a trendy haircut every reel .
The crucial central roles go wanting .
It 's a handsome visualization , but it 's no substitute for the book .
A BBC - or PBS-caliber television movie that , while atmospheric , does not have a ton of production values beyond Ralph Fiennes and Helena Bonham Carter , giving boisterous performances in pivotal roles .
Helena Bonham Carter 's Miss Havisham is quite the most fascinating incarnation of this character I 've ever seen , and she 's matched every step of the way by Ralph Fiennes as Abel Magwitch .
Missing the connective tissue that 's served previous adaptations so well . Without dramatic strength , Newell has created a museum piece , best presented on mute .
The latest film version of Dickens ' novel offers nothing new except a chance to see another generation of talented hams tackle its memorable characters .
The immortal classic could not be more relevant in its ironic title alone , to this age of economic crisis in capitalism and the trauma of downward class mobility . And with class uncertainty unleashed back then in both brutal and comical storytelling .
It is skillfully made and adeptly performed ; even so it does n't really add anything to the canon .
This Great Expectations is an absorbing addition to the roster of Dickens films that continues our 21st-century fascination with the worlds created by a 19th-century storyteller .
Director Mike Newell approaches the sprawling bildungsroman with a stiff formalism , sacrificing all cinematic excitement for the sake of exalting great performances .
But Newell 's version stands out : its emotional core is not so much in the romance between Pip and Estella as in Pip 's moral development and how the love story informs and complicates it .
Honors the source while making some small but significant alterations .
It 's not clear what this re-do adds except another line to these actors ' resumes .
As the pages turn faster , focusing on the hows and whys of a major crime central to the plot , this concision and velocity make the film feel like a modern thriller . Booo .
An honorable , sober but completely unnecessary take on the Dickens novel , `` Great Expectations '' serves as a fine introduction to the story but wo n't excite those familiar with previous versions .
It 's a welcome and faithful addition to the canon , despite some tweaks .
This swift , gorgeous , uneven production captures the scope , flavor and drive , if not the depth , of Dickens ' greatest novel .
It 's good , not great - but , for some of us , expectations will be met , and then some .
For all its lapses , the portrait of a Darwinian social order of haves and have-nots resonates with the chilly , jittery times in which we live .
For those who prefer their classic literary adaptations to be as pure as possible , Great Expectations will be a happy addition to the canon .
A little more grit and a lot less of Richard Hartley 's overly insistent score could have enlivened a movie that too often feels rote .
Yet another big-screen version of Dickens ' exquisite tale of striving , charity and arrogance highlights the Gothic deliciousness of the tale .
Does this iteration have anything new , fresh , or innovative to recommend it ? Nope .
While the latest Great Expectations is unnecessary ... it 's somehow endearing . Director Mike Newell has delivered an easily digestible , though visually plain , take on the classic .
-LSB- Helena Bonham Carter gives -RSB- a wonderful rendering of Miss Havisham , equal parts melancholy , good-hearted and downright creepy .
This remake is the victim of its own loyalty , forgetting that the confounding of expectation is what brought the story to life in the first place .
If your own expectations are not too high , you crave period-costume drama and you 're one of those unfortunate people who refuses to watch anything in glorious black-and-white , this Great Expectations is worth the time and effort .
Weak leads keep this from being the greatest `` Expectations , '' but the stellar supporting cast and lustrous production values still make it a grand one .
One ca n't help but feel Dickens 's classic text has been bent and broken-and not necessarily into a better shape .
Lazy English teachers who park their students in front of this will be doing those kids a service .
Helena Bonham Carter does something with Miss Havisham that Martita Hunt could n't quite manage in the brilliant 1946 David Lean film ; namely , make it feel as though she never changed out of that damned wedding dress .
I enjoyed the gloomy English setting and was impressed by how many subplots they were able to explore .
A fresh rendering of the Dickens classic , designed to mark the 200th anniversary of the writer 's birth , plays it far too safe to ever challenge Lean 's definitive take .
Suitably grimy -LRB- if not as filthy as last year 's Wuthering Heights -RRB- , this is notable for its performances .
Remaking a literary and cinema classic can be a Dickens of a job .
Hits all the themes , twists and turns without ever really providing anything memorable .
You know what you 're getting with this movie . Perhaps some will appreciate a nicely decorated , predictable take on a beloved book . I 'd rather something riskier .
Newell retains the core elements of the story and key characters as well as the authentic elements of the period , but still manages to make the film a fresh experience
With its authentic production design and lilting tempo that seems to reflect the times , I really enjoyed this version of the film and the storytelling elements weave together naturally
Faithfully and tastefully performed , without ever threatening the legacy of David Lean 's definitive 1946 version .
Even with lowered expectations it 's far from great . What a shame .
Above all , this handsomely designed , unobtrusively edited and thoughtfully acted film moves at quite a clip ...
I love it when a film that is ` supposed ' to be all stuffy and classic turns out to be this electric and alive ...
There 's plenty of verbal exposition to try give it some gas , but even from this launch pad , the finale lacks an emotional kick .
It may lack surprise and freshness but with so much talent involved you certainly wont be bored .
Enjoyable - as long as your expectations are n't too great .
-LSB- A -RSB- grim and cheerless adaptation of the Charles Dickens classic .
Others may feel they 've seen it all before -LRB- at the press screening , the air was thick with yawns -RRB- . But not me .
Even though Charles Dickens ' oft-told story is livened up with a terrific cast and sharp script , it 's difficult to see anything terribly new about this BBC-produced version .
This is a good-looking production . However , too much of it feels bland and flat . There have been so many previous versions that a new one has to justify itself .
It 's all very Tim Burton - but eccentric Victoriana is a fitting spin on a familiar tale .
An attractive and robust screen adaptation of the classic 1861 Dickens parable of false hopes , thwarted vanities and the mysterious workings of sowing and reaping .
Mike Four Weddings and a Funeral Newell directs the only way he could , as if he has n't noticed the direness of the project .
Great Expectations is about as comfortable as a very fat man sitting in a very small aircraft seat .
Compelling and touching , it certainly met my expectations , although not especially exceeded them .
With few characters to warm to and enough plot to fill a dozen nights in the TV parlour , turning Dickens ' doorstop into a single , consistently enjoyable piece of cinema is no mean feat .
Watchable adaptation enlivened by a handful of strong performances and some committed set design work but the pacing drags considerably ...
Ralph Fiennes is on great form as violent convict Magwitch and Helena Bonham Carter was born to play deranged jilted bride Miss Havisham .
An admirable watch of highbrow production values .
A surprisingly worthwhile addition to the Dickens celebrations and one that lives up to expectations .
The dourness and grit that Newell opts for stylistically does n't really carry any weight because Pip always seems too passive - more easily swayed than driven by obsession .
It 's reasonable as undemanding Sunday afternoon telly , but as a movie event you 'd better lower your expectations .
Newell and Nicholls ' safe , schoolteacher-friendly interpretation makes no real case for going down this much-travelled road once more .
The chief reason to watch Newell 's film is for the impeccable acting .
Its glossy looks , first-rate playing and famous pedigree will be cat-nip to book-groupies .
Overall , despite the abundance of cobwebs and dust in the Havisham mansion , this adaption has a glossy , superficial feel to it . More grit , texture and emotion are what 's needed to really bring this story to life .
A passable feature-length adaptation that does little to burnish the estimable screen legacy of a Dickens classic .
Vivid characterizations from Ralph Fiennes and Helena Bonham Carter are the highlights of Mike Newell 's traditional retelling of the classic Dickens novel .

@highlight

Not the best version of the oft-filmed Dickens classic but far from the worst , Mike Newell 's Great Expectations breathes just enough life into the source material to justify yet another adaptation .