Without the sweeping aerial shots and the rest of the highly impressive camerawork , the documentary does n't add up to more than standard , harmless wilderness fare for the kiddos .
the film is relatively bloodless and appropriate for all ages
-LSB- G -RSB- orgeously photographed , astonishingly intimate ... We have never seen lions and cheetahs like this before ; you wo n't believe it can have been possible for cameras to get so close without disturbing the animals they 're watching ...
The clarity of the footage is often breathtaking ; watching the mother cheetah setting off on a run will have your own heart pounding in expectation .
It 's Kiplingesque nursery ethology , and one distrusts the editing .
A great story , shot throughout with infinite patience .
It is beautifully shot - the super slo-mo scenes of Sita running are amazing .
Some nice moments here , but this is a film that looks like a kids ' TV featurette from an earlier age .
Of course the photography is second to none - no sense of hidden cameras here , more a feeling of cranes and on-set catering .
An attempt the dramatise the animal world which just feels cheap and unworkable . A drag .
Providing a feast of kills , confrontations and capering cubs while keeping on-screen gore to a minimum , nature lovers of all ages will get their fill .
Narrated by Patrick Stewart , this is beautifully shot if a tad toothless . Nothing to upset tots .
The wildlife is beautifully photographed , and the film is stentorianally narrated by Sir Patrick Stewart .
A wealth of visually stunning , strikingly intimate , and intensely dramatic footage of these creatures in their beautiful natural habitat .
The first entry in the DisneyNature series that 's pitched at youngsters rather than a general audience , despite some intense footage .
Hats off to the camera operators who have captured some astonishing wildlife imagery .
In the animal kingdom 's kill-or-be-killed world , the predators and prey are framed with a clarity and precision that would serve as an invaluable lesson to any aspiring cinematographer .
An absolute must-see for fans of roar footage .
It 's beautiful to behold , but too fluffy to broaden younger minds .
Granted , not even Morgan Freeman could make the African Cats narration endurable , but Jackson really suffers his way through it , alternating between cloyingly overplaying things and rattling off sentences in a bored monotone .
This Disneynature production can proudly take its place alongside Walt 's finest live-action documentary features .
Like so many family-targeting animal documentaries since March of the Penguins , this one tells a story of parents and children .
While it does n't go very far beyond what you can find on Cable or Public Television that does n't make it any less enthralling , and for my part I enjoyed from start to finish with virtually no effort whatsoever .
It 's this emphasis on the animals ' fates and ordeals , however , that renders this stunningly photographed film a specious work of zoological observation .
... fascinating nature photography .
A really odd choice of subject matter for a children 's documentary .
African Cats succeeds despite its narrative weakness . It features gorgeous close-ups of all kinds of animals ; the images and sounds are worth the price of the ticket alone .
A beautiful family film that reveals the story of two families , a lion pride and a cheetah mom trying to raise and protect her incredibly adorable cubs .
Anyone who enjoys looking at these magnificent felines from a safe distance should enjoy the show .
This G-rated Disney documentary about two wild feline `` families '' plays like Saw for six-year-olds .
It is beautifully and intimately captured with brilliant close-ups and crystal clear slow-motion .
The filmmakers play us fragile types by alternating `` awww '' moments of adorable cubs with menace that is , yes , sometimes deadly -LRB- generally off-screen -RRB- .
This is one of those movies where everything comes together and works to make a perfect outing for `` Earth Day '' . It is must-see for the entire family .
This is a film I would eagerly watch again .
Older kids and adults will certainly appreciate the cinematography and the majestic overview of life and death in the wild , but bring an iPod and listen to some Ladysmith Black Mambazo instead of the overbearing voice-over .
Delightful to behold thanks to breathtaking photography that captures the beauty of the country and a simple story that everyone can enjoy .
The animals have names ; call it anthropomorphism if you like , but the cat families and their gripping adventures are all the more real to child viewers for that bit of familiarity .
Anyone with a fondness for bambinos of any species should melt at the sight of mamas with nuzzling cubs .
The characters in the latest Disney film frequently attack each other , sometimes eat each other , and spend the whole time running around naked .
Not coincidentally , African Cats opens on Earth Day . Meeting these magnificent fellow creatures might be a fine way to celebrate .
An attempt to make a live-action nature film with the same sort of emotional wallop as the legendary 1994 animated smash `` The Lion King , '' `` African Cats '' was doomed to come off as phony .
`` African Cats '' prefers less preaching and more heartstring-tugging . It works , of course , especially if you 're trying to raise your own cubs to adulthood .
Blame whoever decided to scrap cold scientific reality for warm mommy-and-her-precious-cubs heartwarmth .
The HD footage of the lions and cheetahs -- and the rest of the Kenyan wildlife -- is consistently stunning . But African Cats should n't be taken seriously as a nature doc by anyone over the age of eight .
No doubt , life is tough in the wild but , this being a Disney flick , it 's loving too and even comes with a kiddie-friendly narrative that 's easy to summarize and hard to dispute .
Kids will love `` African Cats , '' which is full of `` aw '' moments . Their parents will appreciate that narrator Samuel L. Jackson keeps things from getting too schmaltzy in this true-life depiction of the circle of life .
One has to wonder if the script was written first , then the footage was filmed to make that script come to life , instead of the other way around .
`` African Cats , '' while often adorable and at times gripping , is more of a TV-ready experience .
Perhaps it 's not perfect science , respectful of essential circle of life study , but the overall effect creates a cinematic determination the feature would n't otherwise enjoy .
Creatively mishandled to the point of making a mockery of its own brand .
To me , this feels like the 21st century version of the True-Life Adventures in a way that absolutely deserves the Disney name on it .
The photography is so spectacular that the accompanying Disney-ization of wildlife is forgiven .
A visually and aurally stunning film that brings viewers up close and very personal with several `` big cat '' families - as well as a dazzling array of other safari-esque species - living in Kenya 's sprawling Masai Mara National Reserve .
There are surely eight million stories on the naked plains , but `` African Cats '' tells one : about lions and cheetahs and - oh , Bambi ! - the power of mother love .
It 's deeply involving and primally moving .
Under the direction of BBC wildlife documentary alums Keith Scholey and Alastair Fothergill , `` Cats '' looks majestic throughout , even if its Big Stories are sometimes forced at the expense of fleeting , fascinating little details .
The struggle for survival in Kenya of a wild cheetah and her newborns and an elderly lioness and her cub .
Imagine ten Shirley Temples singing `` Animal Crackers in My Soup '' while pawing at rainbow-colored balls of yarn .
It 's a solid hour and a half of intense stuff you do n't see every day .
African Cats does n't quite do justice to its strange and remarkable subjects . It gets them ready for their close-ups , all right . But it stops short of seeing through to their souls .
Awesome footage , but how do you know what animals are thinking ?
That African Cats baldly assigns human personality traits to its feline stars is no surprise ; what 's shocking is that a nature documentary narrated by Samuel L. Jackson could be so bland .
Far too often , African Cats feels episodic in its structure . Rather than featuring a driving , compelling narrative , it 's : cheetah vs. gazelle . And then : hyena vs. cheetah . And then : lion vs. crocodile . Who will win ???
It 's not a put-down of the darker and more straightforward `` Last Lions '' to suggest `` Cats '' is to `` Lions '' what poetry is to prose .
The filmmakers ' adherence to standard nature doc formula can probably be forgiven due to solid storytelling and filmmaking .
If it maintains a superficially manipulative façade , the film remains committed to addressing the harsh realities of existence on the plains .
Another Disneynature triumph , especially if you are a fan of these cool cats .
The film 's incredible visual intimacy is its undeniable selling point .
Astounding wildlife footage is given a kid-friendly narrative hook , but never overly cuddlified , in Keith Scholey 's African Cats .
A story-driven wildlife doc where creatures become characters with names so young audiences can appreciate the natural cycles of life -- and death -- in the animal world .
The ghetto narration would have us believe that the lives of African cats is not unlike the lives of ... people living in the ghetto ?



@highlight

It is n't quite as majestic as its subjects , but African Cats boasts enough astounding footage -- and a big enough heart -- to keep things entertaining .