The CGI is indeed magical . But watching this , I thought maybe we 've seen too much magic . Maybe what we really need , even in summer action movies , is n't to see magic , but to feel emotion .
A mostly fun movie , but also one not given the full emotional room to breathe that it has over the course of the trilogy earned .
It 's kinda lame . There 's slightly more to it than that , but basically , that 's what X-Men : The Last Stand boils down to .
X-ecrable .
Sillier than the Singer versions , Ratner 's movie is also -- for this less-than-reverent X-Men fan -- more satisfying .
It 's the first halfway decent summer movie so far .
Nothing really feels at stake other than box-office opening-weekend numbers
Though it 's not the best installment of the series , with many , many present flaws , it sure is a very entertaining film ...
Yes , Ratner 's music-video attention span and inability to linger on a shot ... blunts the impact of some of -LSB- the -RSB- big emotional moments . Nonetheless , he liked Singer 's films as much as you did , and he has n't tried to fix what ai n't broke .
X-Men : The Last Stand is far from perfect , but it does manage to move in the direction of a crowd-pleasing thrill ride without completely lobotomizing itself .
Exciting and filled with edge of your seat action that gripped me until the very ending .
As usual , character development is dashed off in quick sketches while mutant powers are shown in all the lavish detail that $ 200 million worth of computers can generate ; the thrill may dissipate over time , but it 's great fun while it lasts .
The film exists solely to give the Comic Book Guys of the world a chance to see all their favorite action figures , life size and in full form .
There 's a lot going on in this film % u2013 - too much , really ...
It has no passion , no connection to where we are now , and in a series whose stories have heretofore spoken dark truths about American intolerance , that matters .
The results are less than x-citing .
It may be just another superhero movie -LRB- or several of them , all frantically playing out at the same time -RRB- , but it delivers everything you could want from the genre several times over .
A surefire kiddie crowd-pleaser , given the teeny-bop penchant for over-stimulating computer game warfare .
A good if undistinguished capper to the trilogy .
The action is non stop and the special effects jaw dropping , with a scene involving San Francisco 's Golden Gate Bridge an incredible highlight
Ratner has met with much skepticism from fans afraid that he would botch the franchise . He actually makes this an enjoyable summer blockbuster that generally lives up to the predecessors .
Disposable entertainment that passes the time with flickering images of flashy camera cuts and explosions before disappearing from memory before the popcorn is digested ...
full review in Greek
The final -LSB- i -RSB- X-Men -LSB- / i -RSB- film fails to live up to the expectations of its predecessors but remains a fun and surprising feature .
Let 's hope this really is the last stand ...
Una cinta veraniega indudablemente , que vale cada átomo mutante o no , del boleto pagado ; una muestra de que el cine comercial puede ser entretenimiento puro con ocasionales pinceladas de humor negro y vida real .
Operatic in scope , especially in its rousing ending , it has a simple and easily accessible plot . This class A popcorn flick is also a heck of a lot of fun .
The Last Stand is as good if not better than X2 .
Whilst those involved did n't save the best for last , they have delivered a film worthy of the title and an entertaining little vehicle to boot
Sadly , `` X '' did n't mark the spot convincingly this time around . Ratner directs with all the urgency of a nervous Nellie with a bladder problem .
When X-Men : The Last Stand works , it is primarily because it does n't lose sight of the emotions that fuel the fire .
X-Men : The Last Stand has shifted the shape of the franchise from pretty good , if uninspired , to terrifically entertaining .
When Jean Grey starts gasping , ` Kill me ! ' it 's like she 's the voice of the franchise ... .
what we do get is a blast , and the writers have the balls to let good characters die
Thankfully there are no nipple caps to be found on Wolverine 's costume ...
For once , I cared about these characters ; perhaps because their plight is one shared by so many in the real world who want conformity at any price ... it gave me all I asked .
Sin llegar al nivel de las anteriores , esta tercera parte entretiene aunque está más basada en la acción que en sus personajes , rasgo fuerte de la saga .
Until its numbing finale , Last Stand is actually a fairly interesting and timely look at the ethics of bio-engineering .
Like the first two films , this one crackles with action , delves smartly -LRB- but not smarmily -RRB- into social relevance , and salts in enough humor to make all the vaporizings and razor-izings feel a bit more festive .
When the movie works , it really works .
-LSB- I -RSB- found myself strangely moved by the sense of relationships , friendly and unfriendly , coming to an end in a dull return to normality in the world of humans and mutants .
... hums along at a brisk pace and should appeal to fans of the series . It manages to wrap up some stories while leaving others open for future films .
Magneto is the source of terror , although how much can you fear a villain with `` neat-o '' in his name ?
My mutant power -LRB- and the boxoffice tingle of $ 199 Million in one week -RRB- tells me `` The Last Stand '' is anything but last . It 's not even likely to be penultimate .
The third time is definitely not the charm
An acceptable -- albeit mindless -- sequel that should placate fans of the series .
It is a shell of its predecessors , a technical exercise that is utterly devoid of substance .
-LSB- A -RSB- distinctly dull offering .
Here 's your blaring headline in the Daily Bugle : ` X-MEN SQUASH SPIDER-MAN LIKE A BUG . '
` What it lacks is the rich layering of character details that made the previous films soar beyond genre filmmaking . '
Rather than deepen the group dynamic , Ratner 's movie is just overcrowded .
X-Men : The Last Stand is popcorn entertainment best left , except for the fans , as a curiosity for DVD rental .
There were moments when I considered whether this is Brett Ratner 's best film . It 's really too flawed to allow the word `` best '' to be used . How about , `` it does n't suck ? ''
Incoming director Brett Ratner is interested in one thing and one thing only : action . And he 's very good at it .
Noticeably less time is spent on building atmosphere and personalities ; more footage is dedicated to high-impact stunts and lavish visual effects .
All the wreckage does n't make the choices seem more informed or more resonant . They just seem louder .
There are plenty of boneheaded decisions plaguing X-Men : The Last Stand ... yet there 's also enough of merit to earn it a passing grade .
This is a stupid , hateful , ignorant movie , one of the very worst comic book films ever made .
It 's not just a matter of its failing to live up to the standard set by the second film ; it 's that it is n't good enough by any standards .
Howlingly bad cliches , transparent exposition and plot holes large enough to contain the continent of Africa -- with room left over for Ratner 's judgment and an artichoke .
Ratner haters and comic book purists should probably stay home - a fun superhero popcorn movie that delivers nearly two hours of solid entertainment
Director Brett Ratner 's slack , good-enough-for-government-work vibe is all-pervasive . These mutants deserved a finer farewell .
Are mutants going to savor their special unique natures or are they going to try to be like the `` normal '' population . It could be an intriguing idea , but the film does not develop the issue in any detail .
But the main problem with the film , one that keeps it from reaching the highest elevations of popcorn entertainment , is its lack of real emotional resonance .
The climax finds the president announcing all is well during a broadcast over Fox news -- a bit of corporate in-house promotion that apparently is not intended to be ironic .
Although the series is beginning to look too familiar , this one at least maintains its breakneck pace .
A noisy and active but ultimately mediocre experience that probably wo n't be the last of its kind .
What a comedown , after the weirdly beautiful things Singer and his technicians did in the first two movies .
The latest X-Men flick , packs all the punches ...
A worthy successor to the first two films .
If you 're really into exciting special effects , then this is the movie for you .
The movie is what it is -- escapist enjoyment , if only for a short while .
Le potentiel y était pour un film grandiose et tout ce que Fox nous a offert est un film d'action un peu plus réussi que la moyenne .
Brett Ratner delivers the action but the punch does n't stand up to the previous two films .
Judging by this third and purportedly final installment , the X-gene has been tapped out .
Frankly , it 's surprising that director Brett Ratner , best known for the Rush Hour movies ... was the man at the helm . It turns out the skeptics were wrong .
.
In this season of one disappointing blockbuster after another this one , at this point of time , looks good in comparison .
It 's gratifying to see the X-Men movies be about something rather than just trying to be mindless action thrill rides .
The weighty main themes of alienation , discrimination , responsibility and the sense of fear still resonate , it 's cheap production values and lame directorial efforts by Ratner made it hard to connect with the film . Left me feeling cold and disheartened .
This is The Last Stand : be grateful for small blessings .
does n't require its audience to be fans of the comic books or even to have seen previous installments ... stands on its own as a solid piece of entertainment
... the logical conclusion to every comic book story arc : all Hell is breaking loose ... -LRB- but -RRB- what kind of final epic confrontation is less than two hours long ?
It 's mainly The Last Stand 's feeling of treading water that bugs the most . Although it 's certainly a watchable movie , the franchise has led us to expect much more than that .
A fitting end to the trilogy and a very good film .
While the movie takes itself seriously , not to say solemnly , it 's really an occasion for funny , frightening metamorphoses and spectacular effects .
X-Men : The Last Stand is the best kind of summer blockbuster , alternating giddy adrenaline rushes and gripping emotional jolts .
Characters fight , and characters die -- and those who survive are quite clearly marked as winners or losers . Timeless playground debates are settled at last .
Watching the actors is like watching Elton John try to make out with Anne Heche . They go through the motions in a totally disingenuous display , except Wolverine does n't break out into an impromptu `` Rocket Man '' to ease the awkwardness .
A fun and entertaining summer popcorn flick .
Had the filmmakers spent as much time to developing the story as they did to lame in-jokes and an annoying post-credits coda , X-Men : The Last Stand would n't have seemed like an inferior clone of the previous mutant masterpieces .
With dozens of mutants all fighting for their right to be different -LRB- and fighting each other for screen time -RRB- , the story is spread too thin .
The Last Stand is a hugely ambitious picture , and it would have been far more successful if Ratner had scaled it down to focus more on the interaction between the characters .
As they say , three 's a charm and though this third film in the `` X-Men '' franchise lacks some of the intellectual and emotional gravitas of the first two , it still delivers a powerful punch in terms of action , effects and imagination .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Ratner makes a hash of the story and characters his predecessor brought to such complex , sympathetic life , delivering a pumped-up exercise in mayhem , carnage and blunt-force trauma .
For all the sound , fury and spectacle , the film feels vaguely hollow and unsatisfying .
True , Ratner is no Singer , but in The Last Stand he delivers the goods with gusto .
To anyone more discerning , and certainly to those fans who cherished the way the first two movies took pains to honour what made the X-Men such special mutants , the final blowout will seem like a blown opportunity .
X-Men and X2 brought unusual complexity and depth to the comic-book movie genre . X-Men : The Last Stand , though a mile wide with mutants , is about an inch deep .
If I 'm going to be grabbed by a comic book adaptation , it will be a single , old-school action hero with a complex back story and sense of drama , like Superman or Batman .
Written and directed without a hint of subtlety , it 's filled with enough fast-paced carnage to justify the inevitable ` X-4 . '
Of the three X-episodes , Ratner 's is the least involving .
X-Men : The Last Stand brings the mutant superhero trilogy to an immensely satisfying conclusion .
How many distinguished veterans of the Royal Shakesepeare Company does it take to make a bi-g-budget trashy movie ? Well , two .
The Last Stand is n't awful , but Ratner lacks Singer 's subtlety and ability to cleanly navigate convoluted story lines crammed with super-powered characters .
Although it 's never boring , X-Men : The Last Stand is routine and unimaginative in a way the first two are not .
Ratner seems incapable of infusing his overly busy story with nuance , depth or the wonderful wry humor that connected us so thoroughly to these characters in the first place , and so their sacrifices never register .
The overpopulated , visionfree movie contains barely enough moments to satisfy both casual fans and fanatics -LRB- who should definitely stay through the closing credits for a final , pivotal revelation -RRB- while leaving each wanting more .
What matters to discerning fans is whether respect for the material is balanced with solid , intelligent filmmaking , and those qualities are going downhill fast .
The intensity that the director of Rush Hour -LRB- ! -RRB- brings to the Marvel Comics-based mutant saga makes me begin to come around regarding Hollywood 's unlovable wunderkind .
Oppressive overkill can suck the life from any hallowed institution . Even , dare say it , the X-Men .
Though this third film , directed by the ham-handed Brett Ratner -LRB- Rush Hour -RRB- , slides into overstuffed narrative complication and self-parodying quippiness , the pop mythology remains intact , even vital .
Certainly this one does n't stack up favorably with the first two movies , but the third cinematic X-adventure is far from the worst superhero film ever made -- even lately .
I do n't think anyone 's going to call The Last Stand poetic , but it passes quickly and -- when it counts -- delivers enough of the summer-movie goods .
The three-quel is a talky D -LRB- N -RRB- a Vinci Code , devoid of pacing and rife with inside jokes .
The spectacles linger in the imagination , but the rest is pretty easy to forget .
It 's a good-enough movie -- not nearly as good as the first two cinematic installments in the X-Men saga , but good enough to get the job done .
The Last Stand , which contradicts its subtitle with the cheesiest sequel tag of the year , slumps as soon as it introduces its plot gimmick .
At this stage , Fox should seriously consider either retiring the franchise entirely or giving it a rest before reinvention .
But can the series hold together for another sequel ? Given the final few scenes , I 'd say it 's not quite time to X out the X-Men .
In Last Stand , -LSB- director Brett -RSB- Ratner displays his formidable technical skill , but he lacks the sense of timing and character development that made the first two films a success .
If X3 is truly the end of the franchise ... at least it leaves the table ahead of the game ... if not a triumph , then a modest and palpable success .
Where Singer played up the real-world parallels inherent in the franchise 's premise , Ratner clearly feels more comfortable when things are going boom .
X-Men marks the real start of the summer-movie season .
The weakest of the three . But being the only major release of the week , it looks like it will be a success no matter what anybody says .
Ratner , right at home in the superhero world , orchestrates the frenzied final battle with a melodramatic Gone With the Wind grandeur .
Maybe they thought it they threw enough money at Ratner , he could use it on magical special effects that would cover the fact that there 's no character development .
Wolverine takes it personally when hit below the belt with a sucker punch . As a paying audience member , so should you . It 's a vending-machine movie all the way , with none of the mood , charm or style that has preceded it .
Look out , it 's Porcupine Guy ! His hugs are lethal ! And there 's `` Angel , '' who ... flies around a lot with his shirt off .
The Last Stand is a pretty spectacular action movie ... -LSB- even -RSB- if it does n't quite achieve the enchantment of the earlier films ... McKellen , Stewart and Jackman are once again magnetically expert .
It 's not really a shock that Brett Ratner is n't a director in Bryan Singer 's league .
Despite its title , this is n't the end of the `` X-Men '' series . `` X-Men : The Last Stand '' leaves you wanting more . And its finale is the perfect set-up for just that .
The main downfall of X-Men : The Last Stand is also its biggest guilty pleasure : watching just how many mutant baddies they can throw on the screen .
... is blessed with a whopper of a dichotomy that carries the film even in its most unremarkable moments .
Its action-packed but lacks that certain mutant angst .
Somewhat clunky
It 's harmless eye candy with a fast pace and lots of color , which is fine , but based on what came before it , X3 really should have been a little more than just `` harmless eye candy . ''
Watching Ratner struggle with his enormous cast makes one appreciate the economy with which Singer established even minor supporting characters .
I 'll probably enjoy it better than the potentially disastrous Superman Returns in June .
Ratner , who directs for the seventh time with this film , seems to be getting better by trial and error , and he turns in a rather terrific first half .
Let 's hope this is n't the Last we see of these mutants .
I ca n't say I was entranced this time round .
A good action spectacle , and there 's nothing wrong with that .
This is n't so much a movie as it is a solicitation to lower one 's expectations ...
It 's fun enough to be worth seeing , but it 's nowhere near as slick , action-packed or entertaining as its predecessors .
A dazzling movie about fireball car missiles , a guy who can turn into a killer-quiller porcupine , and accepting others different from us .
Begins to unravel in displays of silliness and a lack of drive that fails to payoff all its ideas or reach the level of excitement expected for such a final showdown .
Take The Last Stand as all surface , relentless comic book amusement , and it 's a vastly agreeable sit .
X-Men : The Last Stand has the deepest metaphor yet and fully explores the ensemble cast 's reactions to it .
something of a letdown considering the quality of the first two films
The series seems a little like a car stalwartly puttering along despite the fact that its fuel gauge is firmly planted on `` E '' .
Maybe The Da Vinci Code needed mutants , or Halle Berry in tight leather pants to make it better .
Michael Bay 's Schindler 's List .
Perfectly completes and extends the first two films and confirms this franchise 's place in the pantheon of all-time great Hollywood trilogies .
A story that is as absorbing as the special effects and stunts .
It 's ripcord filmmaking , with paint-by-numbers emotionalism . While -LSB- Ratner 's -RSB- preoccupation with surface thrill still makes for a generally pleasing comic book movie , it shortchanges the depth we 've come to expect from the X-Men franchise .
A sufficient conclusion to the series Singer started , but any connection these films had to the original comics has faded away .
X-Men : The Last Stand is the first blockbuster of the 2006 summer season that has n't caused me to shake my head with disappointment . It delivers pretty much what 's expected .
Perhaps the most surprising aspect of X3 is that it 's curiously boring .
A fast and furious smorgasbord of sound and fury , adding up to little in the long run , but , yes , fun while it lasts .
I suppose it 's asking too much of Ratner to impart some kind of visionary flourish to the proceedings . But without it , these comic-book movies all tend to look the same .
Not as cool as the first two , but worth a look just to see Vinnie Jones as Juggernaut run through things .
As might be expected , The Last Stand pretty much looks and plays like the first two X-Men films , though perhaps with more noise and babe action and a little less glum .
This is X - Men kids , one does not expect ` A Twelfth Night ' deep yarn to play out before you . And on this point , X-Men does not disappoint ; minimal brain-space required to follow the bouncing mutants
Singer 's absence is felt but not fatal . By adding too much new blood Ratner loses some of the original DNA , but with its nifty set-pieces and a few nasty surprises , X3 's still a worthy enough sequel to ensure it 's no Last Stand .
Despite all the grand gestures of climax and resolution , there 's a pronounced sense of autopilot ; the only person who seems to be having a good time is Ian McKellen as the scheming Magneto .
There 's much to enjoy here -- Ratner 's pacing is fluid and fast and the film rushes along its busy , cluttered way with something approaching melodramatic snarkiness -- but it 's also terribly busy and cluttered .
Anyone who has ever felt like an outsider or a pariah will identify with the engaging themes of this rousing adventure .
X-Men : The Last Stand expands on the themes of discrimination and alienation explored in the first two films , and still retains the franchise 's signature kick-butt action features .
X-Men : The Last Stand is an uninspired hodgepodge .
The Last Stand , though the weakest in the franchise , is often a kick to watch ; you keep wanting more of these characters .
X-Men : The Last Stand -- reputedly the last in the series -LRB- we 'll see -RRB- -- still manages to be an eye-filling fantasy extravaganza and a big crowd-pleaser .
This is the third film in the series , which means that on three occasions now we 've been presented with the same story , featuring the same conflict , leading to the same false resolution , a smiley-happy joining of hands at the edge of an abyss .
A couple of mutants die in X-Men : The Last Stand but not nearly enough to save this boring mess .
Ratner just sucks all the emotional energy out of this oversize FX coloring book ...
The nuance and complexity of character that made the first two X-Men movies more compelling than the typically mindless summer blockbuster are gone in X-Men : The Last Stand .
It feels a lot like X-Men : The Diluted TV Adaptation .
Stand falls pretty far , pretty fast , winding up for all the bombast rather wan and pedestrian .
The Last Stand moves , it amuses a while , and it ends .
It 's not about pyrotechnics -- it 's about the characters , doofus .
Billed as the climax of a trilogy , the third and weakest chapter in the X-Men series is a blatant attempt to prove there is still life in the franchise .
X-Men : The Last Stand more or less stands on its own legs , but the degree to which one is engaged really depends on one 's familiarity with the first two films .
For a movie that promotes unity , it is awfully splintered in its storytelling . It lacks a core plot to link the set pieces and create a sense of momentum .
Without the first films ' textured relationships , the story becomes just another episode of Orange Fireball Cinema .
Action - and issue-packed .
-LSB- The Last Stand is -RSB- by far the daftest of the lot , and the one in which the stars ' contractual fatigue is evident in the number of major characters who meet their demise before the first couple of reels are up .
This is interesting stuff . So why does The Last Stand feel driven to dumb itself down , as if embarrassed by its own ideas ?
-LSB- A -RSB- thoroughly enjoyable mutant-palooza conclusion to the X-Men series .
The cleverness of the basic idea , stitched together by credited writers Zak Penn and Simon Kinberg from story arcs in the comics , gets lost in all the commotion , while the characters get reduced to , well , cartoon versions of their former selves .
X-Men : The Last Stand is punctuated with wows , the most awesome -- the sort that makes you elbow your seatmate and breathlessly say ` ai n't that cool ' -- coming in its mutant smackdown finale .
X-Men : The Last Stand is spectacular but alienating : a high-flying high-tech product that impresses but fails to move you .
I liked the action , I liked the absurdity , I liked the incongruous use and misuse of mutant powers , and I especially liked the way it introduces all of those political issues and lets them fight it out with the special effects .
The big action scenes are well-staged -- especially the climactic battle royale in which Jean/Phoenix strides through the chaos like Carrie at her prom .
The battle sequences , always the least exciting , most obligatory feature of the first two movies , seem to have something at stake -- namely the lives of the characters . My heart goes out to heroes who believe a summer movie is worth dying for .
A full-fledged mutant jamboree , but one that blunts thematic and character development in favor of narrative expediency .
Ratner has taken a series characterized by subversive wit and intelligence and put it in a bland box -- It could be worse , but it could n't be less distinctive .
The X-Men have survived mutation , persecution , and supervillainous foes hell-bent on their destruction . But can they survive Brett Ratner ? Well , no .
` The Last Stand ' needs its new characters more than the previous two films did because it fails to develop the ones it has inherited .
Although Last Stand remains entertaining , it has the slapped-together look and feel of the first film .
When other mutants approach Leech , their special talents vanish . It 's much the same effect Ratner has on actors .
This is an enjoyable blockbuster and not the disaster that many feared .
The Last Stand is fitfully entertaining , but lurking at the edge of almost every frame is a reminder that you 're watching a genre exercise with no real talent or affection at its core .
Aa tighter focus might have enhanced the set-up 's latent allegorical powers , and its emotional resonance .
It 's a serviceable commercial film , never boring and mostly fun . Only the comparison to its predecessors makes it seem wanting .
a quagmire that not even a mutant of the highest caliber can extricate him - or herself from
It does n't live up to its potential , but there are moments here and there where everything gels ...
Like the X-Men film series itself , it got more right than it did wrong ...
It does work on both levels .
Ratner clearly has superpowers : He 's made the series ' feeling and humor disappear .
Taking over from the more cerebral Bryan Singer , Ratner is unable to maintain the emotional intensity that has made this series so deeply epic . But he sure knows how to put on a show .
There 's more drama , backstabbing , temper tantrums and shocks in The Last Stand than in a season of `` Dynasty '' . So far , it 's the best event movie of the year .
Ratner tries desperately to mimic the style and substance of Singer 's movies , but imitation is all it is .
Singer 's touch is missed , but there 's still a lot to enjoy here .
Sacrifices socio-political relevance for flashy pyrotechnics and visceral pleasures galore .
`` X-Men : The Last Stand '' is a comic book movie that crams in a stunning number of characters while still managing to map out significant emotional underpinnings .
Segue de perto a linha bem-sucedida de seus antecessores , utilizando a saga dos mutantes para estabelecer uma inteligente alegoria sobre a própria sociedade em que vivemos .
... thanks to lowered expectations ... and in a season of economically disastrous disaster movies , the mere fact that this Memorial Day juggernaut is not a catastrophe should spell good news for a depressed industry .
... a fast and enjoyable B-movie ...
I liked it . Everyone was angry , really tense , and emotionally charged up . And , they got rid of the dead wood . Hated the Blue Beast .
Last Stand offers fans some astonishing pleasures ... but also many stings of opportunities lost .
A dreary species of empty pomp and circumstance , far too similar to many of its summer movie brethren and disappointingly dissimilar from its superior predecessors .
It 's a mutant smorgasbord , and most of the characters suffer as a result . ` We need more mutants in leather , ' I can hear a studio exec yelling . ` And give them tattoos too ! That way we know they 're bad guys ! '
My least favorite of the three X-MEN movies , but definitely not a disaster by any means ...
Never really achieves its full potential ... does n't live up to the expectations set by the previous movie .
Unless you 're already dedicated to the X-Men , The Last Stand wo n't really hold up .
A thrilling third chapter that delves deeper thematically while expanding the universe of franchise characters . Thus far , it 's simply the most X-citing film of 2006 .
A wham-bam sequel noticeably lacking in the pop gravitas , moody atmospherics and emotional weight that made the first two Marvel comicbook adaptations so rousingly successful .
Brett Ratner has taken the reins , and though the picture is not without its wow-inducing , SFX-driven moments , that potent X-factor is considerably diminished in Singer 's absence .
At least Ratner knows how to handle both action and drama on screen , even if subtlety and substance fall by the wayside .
The stunts are non-stop and we marvel at them all . Yet the heart of this third film about the mutant Marvel comic characters is overtaken by splashy effects .
Its concept hinted at real greatness , but the end result is never anything more than average .




@highlight

X-Men : The Last Stand provides plenty of mutant action for fans of the franchise , even if it does so at the expense of its predecessors ' deeper character moments .