It 's clear almost immediately that Creevy is n't looking to reinvent the wheel here ...
Potentially fun for action fans , Welcome To The Punch is ultimately all style rather than substance .
Welcome to the Punch is a crowd-pleaser with a minimalistic attitude .
While it remains mildly entertaining throughout , Welcome to the Punch lacks the snap , crackle , and pop of other contemporary examples of the genre
Welcome To The Punch should feel a little grander , like it 's on a bigger scale to match the wide-ranging plot .
What really registers in WELCOME TO THE PUNCH is the chase scenes and the high intensity with which it all plays out .
Thankfully , a cast of solid U.K. actors pick up the slack , bringing intensity and behavioral nuance to an otherwise airy actioner that feels severely pared down from its original intent .
When Max finally gets a chance to ask Jacob why the killer did n't kill him when he had the chance , the answer 's as unsatisfying as the movie .
Fast-paced storytelling ca n't seem to hide Welcome To The Punch 's tastelessly cookie-cutter script , created using material from every action thriller cliché you can rattle off the top of your head .
`` Welcome to the Punch '' is derivative , dumb fun .
One straight-faced gunfight after another , signifying nothing .
Angry men mumble as they point guns at each other in a series of standoffs in Welcome to the Punch , and it almost works .
Despite its visual polish and fine ensemble , this British police drama is strictly by-the-numbers .
It becomes something of a disquisition on mortality in spite of itself .
McAvoy keeps trying to become the Scottish Tom Cruise . In action pictures , he 's more the Scottish Michael J. Fox .
A super solid action flick . Strong and McAvoy are terrific , and the film oozes style . Fans of Michael Mann or vintage John Woo need to check this out .
Empty , pointless and stupid , the barrage of gunfire called Welcome to the Punch is another unappealing entry in the overworked British gangster genre .
Part of the pleasure of watching a movie like `` Welcome to the Punch '' is peeling away the multiple layers of inspiration , isolating the allusions and figuring out if they 're what works or whether the movie earns a little credit .
Mistakes messiness for complexity , while ignoring characterization and real-world politics .
Ultimately a case of style over substance , and one that its top-notch British ensemble is unable to rescue .
The sheer wastefulness of Eran Creevy 's Welcome to the Punch is off-putting enough , but the film is also falsely painted-up as a crime epic .
So redolent of adolescent fantasy , you can practically hear a 12-year-old shouting `` Blam ! ''
This flawed , yet watchable action homage does n't quite live up to its gun-toting influences , but a marvellous roster of Grade-A Brits tips the scales in Welcome To The Punch 's favour .
-LRB- ... -RRB- the unrelenting darkness made me wonder if the post-production crew were living off carrots , carrot juice and carrot cake in the editing suite .
The set pieces -LRB- most especially the opening robbery -RRB- are expertly , if self-consciously staged .
A thriller fashioned as the British Heat . Not too distinctive then but at least the cockney version dazzles as it regurgitates .
After the tiny drama Shifty , British filmmaker Creevy turns to both Hong Kong and Hollywood for inspiration , creating an unusually glossy , explosive London cop thriller .
It 's directed with skill and precisely shot , but the screenplay lacks bite and has little concern for its characters at all .
The plotting and dialogue may not always be top drawer but director Eran Creevy carries it off with slick confidence .
Between Welcome to the Punch and Shifty there are all the ingredients for a masterpiece ... and you would n't bet against Creevy putting them all together next time around .
Producer and fellow impressionist Ridley Scott must surely be impressed with what the younger film-maker has achieved with 8.5 million
A proficient but personality-free policer that demands little of either its audience or its enviable best-of-British cast .
Creevy 's film certainly looks slick and stylish , but the script is n't solid enough to make the plot convincing ... McAvoy is miscast . So is London .
This Punch will leave a mark .
It runs out of steam , with plot revelations visible from a mile away and a bit of a plausibility gap .
It deserves respect as a kind of instructive failure - an honest showcase for the various ways Creevy can and should keep getting better .
There 's hope for the humble British crime thriller yet .
London 's never looked so good , yet outside of the crackling action scenes , there 's very little on offer .
There are some quite gripping moments along the way . It 's pretty good , just not great .
The result is a tightly plotted thriller that looks like The Shard but occasionally sounds like The Gherkin . It gets away with it .
Watchable British thriller enlivened by stylish direction , some impressive production design and strong performances from a superb cast ...
When it 's over , all you 'll remember is a whole lot of gunfire and shouting .
Refreshingly , this is a London-based crime flick that completely breaks with the usual chirpy Cockney formula . But have we really got to the stage where we have to tool-up Mr Tumnus ?
For most of the run-time , Welcome To The Punch is thrillingly cinematic , beautifully made , smarter and funnier than you 'd expect , and a phenomenal showcase for Creevy and his team .
I wish all my local plods were brutal no-nonsense renegade cops .
Nimble-footed , glossy entertainment that wears its influences on its sleeve .
Welcome To The Punch would be a lot more welcome if the action was less relentlessly generic and its characters less off-the-peg .
A confident , ambitious and action-rich Brit thriller , albeit one whose characters and clarity suffer from the frantic intensity of its pacing .
What Punch lacks in character , it makes up for in energy , inspiration and rampant ambition .
That Creevy has talent is n't in question ; whether this substanceless stuff is the best outlet for it is another matter .

@highlight

Welcome to the Punch is a little deeper and more thoughtful than most police dramas -- but not quite enough to surmount its thinly written characters and numbing violence .