There would n't be much more to say if Spanish cinema did n't demonstrate a continued ability to reinvent the horror genre . REC , in this case , is a bad exception . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... this film is a quick way to learn to treasure your peaceful quiet existence .
The Spanish horror movie Rec promises , in the first act at least , to be a profoundly disturbing experience .
-LSB- Rec -RSB- sets out to terrify and it succeeds nicely .
If you 're going to a horror movie , it 's because you want to be scared senseless . In this regard , they do n't come better than -LSB- REC -RSB- .
Midway through , the plot blows a gasket and the camerawork turns altogether crazed , joggling us about in the semi-darkness while the soundtrack rings to distorted screams .
The film corners you with the ferocity of a Spanish inquisitor with a branding iron and holds you there to the bitter end .
Quick and to the point when it comes to delivering scares .
Superbly acted , brilliantly directed and absolutely bloody terrifying , this is one of the best films of the year .
Directors Jaume Balagueró and Paco Plaza , rising stars in the Spanish horror scene , create a buzzing urgency in a familiar premise ...
Not since John Carpenter 's one-shot intro to Halloween has POV horror been this good .
This short , stripped-down , first-person horror picture delivers some brutally effective shocks and gradually conjures a haunting atmosphere of ever-escalating panic and despair .
Impressiona pelo ritmo , pelas atuações , pela intensidade e pela excepcional edição de som , revelando-se sempre tenso e , nos melhores momentos , absolutamente assustador .
This Spanish horror thriller is based on a great idea that takes a new bite at the zombie genre , combined with a different way of telling the story , '' says Andrew
A well-made funhouse ride of pure terror and near-breathless dread .
-LSB- REC -RSB- is ridiculously good . It 's a show-stopping terror trip through something that really should n't work all that well .
A demonic , barnstorming , cinema verite horror experience that pulls few punches , fears no genre taboo , and reaches for the throat with delightful intimidation .
einai akoma kalytero apo oso akoygetai , kai oti tha ` thelan na ginoyn otan megalosoyn oi shetikes prospatheies apo The Blair Witch Project -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , mehri The Zombie Diaries -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Diary of the Dead -LRB- 2007 -RRB- i Cloverfield -LRB- 2008 -RRB-
i usually hate these movies , but i kinda liked this one
At its best , '' -LSB- REC -RSB- '' is a stress test , with genuinely frightening and surreal use of grainy , fidgety camerawork and eerie night-vision .
-LSB- Rec -RSB- will definitely jangle the nerves . But it 's a movie that 's unlikely to last in the memory .
An unexceptional workout for the adrenaline glands nudged up several notches by a climax that will cause muchos trouser trauma to all but the recently deceased .
Gripping , unsettling and truly horrific , -LSB- REC -RSB- is much more than the gimmick suggested by its title . Prepare to squirm , wince and wonder at how a potential Blair Witch knock-off is quite so grimy and engrossing . And do n't eat dinner before you see it .
The final reel is real eyes-behind-your-fingers type stuff with the filmmakers cranking up the audience 's apprehension to I-really-would-rather-be-somewhere-else levels .
A brilliantly staged early scare signals that the safety rails are off and , despite an unexpected , last-minute swerve into the supernatural realm , the edge-of-the-seat tension is sustained to the very last second .
Even thought it 's the third such effort to employ handheld camera in a zombie flick , this has more than enough shocks to hold its own .
... boasts a number of brutal and unexpectedly creepy interludes that instantly set it apart from its stylistically-similar yet thoroughly inferior brethren ...
While utterly nihilistic in its attempts to disorient the audience , the directors keep '' -LSB- REC -RSB- '' a consistently terrifying experience with some of the most gruesome deaths filmed ...
A shock-a-minute mini-masterpiece of sound design , tricky jolts , and wonderfully distressing tension .
Rec -RSB- is a great if you 're after some scares , and it will definitely have you squirming in your seat .
-LSB- Rec -RSB- is wonderfully paced and there are some genuine scares as bodies unexpectedly fall into frame or jump out of the darkness .
Lazily scripted , without even a pretense of character development or psychological depth , it offers nothing new for genre fans and no reason for mainstream auds to bite .

@highlight

Plunging viewers into the nightmarish hellscape of an apartment complex under siege , -LSB- Rec -RSB- proves that found footage can still be used as an effective delivery mechanism for sparse , economic horror .