a great doc but sad as hell
A film that critiques our obsession with celebrity while simultaneously exploiting it .
Wisely switching from film to DV when the setting demands a more subtle camera situation , it 's a mature documentary from a veteran of the form .
By the end , I felt neither happy nor sad for Rodney . I enjoyed being in his presence for 90 minutes , but I ca n't exactly agree that he has a magnetic personality .
too much in awe of subject matter
Wistful oddball documentary by George Hickenlooper .
Hickenlooper is admittedly not an obsessive rock 'n' roll fan , which is an advantage and a problem . He 's able to see the subterranean L.A. demimonde through fresh eyes ...
If Hickenlooper 's wistful documentary starts with a short subject , heavier concerns drum in the background .
Has a commercial reach that goes beyond local hero worship thanks in part to an all-star lineup of interviewees , including Cher , David Bowie , Mick Jagger , Gwen Stefani and Courtney Love , to name just a few confirmed Rod-heads .
... a nostalgic merry-go-round . It 's quaint , charming , and often entrancing . You 're riding the best horse on the ride . And the music could n't be better .
Fans of rock music will likely be enthralled by the movie 's look at various musical movements .
-LSB- The movie , -RSB- by exploiting its subject 's celebrity contacts , runs counter to the unassuming way Bingenheimer cultivated those contacts over the years .
Worth seeing because its odd , self-effacing subject is satisfying by reason of his very emptiness , and more than a little pathetic .
Captures Bingenheimer in all his celeb-fondling glory . But it 's a forlorn sight , one the film does n't turn away from as it arcs from giddy inclusion to lonely pathos .
Bingenheimer seems to have outlived his usefulness . Yet , his life stands as a testament to the idea that an average-looking bloke with a can-do attitude and a dream in his heart can rub shoulders with the folks the rest of us only get to read about .
By the time George Hickenlooper 's Mayor of the Sunset Strip is over , you wo n't know whether to envy or pity the subject of this oddly compelling documentary .
Fascinatingly probes society 's obsession with celebrity through the lens of one semitragic figure .
A fascinating and sometimes sad documentary about a curious little man and America 's obsession with celebrity .
Creepily entertaining .
Mayor of the Sunset Strip , if you are interested in the celebrity scene , will make your jaw drop .
Hickenlooper 's portrait of Bingenheimer takes a rock footnote and finally gives him center stage
Immensely engrossing .
Feels like an elegy for an aging rock pixie .
At first a wryly comic study of a real-life , shag-topped Zelig ... Hickenlooper 's nuanced documentary shifts into far deeper and darker emotional territory once it starts revealing Bingenheimer 's heart-wrenching backstory .
How did this sweet , mumbling gnome become close to so many rich and famous people ? And why is he not famous himself ?
Occasionally laughable , often sad , and profoundly evocative of the way we live now , adrift in a culture saturated with celebrity and obsessed by fame .
Excellent -LRB- if sad -RRB- documentary profile .
Energetic , nostalgic , occasionally troubling .
There 's a bright dose of pop culture and the sad twilight of intimacy in the movie , and it 's a distinct combination .
To quote Mr. Rodney himself , this movie is godhead .
What gives this its weight and substance is that Mr. Hickenlooper came to see himself in the man whom Nancy Sinatra calls ` Peter Pan in the school of hard knocks . '
Fascinating .
This may sound an eensy bit hyperbolic , but dig : Mayor of the Sunset Strip is the greatest rock and roll movie of all time . Rodney Bingenheimer for president !
Evokes what the Japanese call mono no aware , which refers to the impermanence of life and the bittersweet transience of things .
Power , control and fame are not the driving forces in -LSB- Bingenheimer 's -RSB- life . He only wants to share the music he loves with as many people as possible .
Hickenlooper sees the movie as a character study , and it 's an amusing one . But music buffs , in particular , likely will wish he had spent less time documenting his subject 's quirky personality and more exploring his professional acumen .
Throughout Mayor , there are devastating moments that suggest -LSB- Bingenheimer -RSB- is so incredibly devoted to music he has no other life .
It 's a funny-sad portrait of fame and its junkies , and of an era and its music .
Almost Famous
Entertaining though ultimately sad documentary .
A sometimes sad , sometimes heartening look at what happens when the ultra-hip age .
A sad little movie about a sad little man whom time has passed by .
It 's the semi-blank slate of Bingenheimer 's life that makes the movie worth seeing .
This crazy-quilted exploration of the fog of fame deserves an aesthetic that approximates a night of extreme partying .
An elusive lesson about fame , reflected glory , and happiness
While the want-to-see factor is low on a movie like this , it 's fascinating once you 're under its spell .
While Hickenlooper never takes the cheap route of making Bingenheimer a figure of pity , he manages to capture the halo of sadness that hovers around the man .
Fascinating , funny , and sometimes heartbreaking .
Bouncy , informative and funny .
Would you rather be hugely rich or fabulously famous ? Mayor of the Sunset Strip , a biography of radio disc jockey Rodney Bingenheimer , is a chilling picture of what happens to those who make the second choice .
Like its star , it 's quietly sincere and compulsively watchable .
Hickenlooper does a nice job blending Bingenheimer 's flashy past with his somewhat pathetic present , creating a genuinely compelling study in diminishing returns .
Hickenlooper is interested not just in chronicling the L.A. music scene , but in sympathetically presenting a man who has spent his life doing little but hanging out with celebrities .
The further we go down this road with Rodney though , the more we discover that his life , like the allure of celebrity , is mostly an illusion .
Long on glowing testimonials and short on storytelling oomph .
Ultimately is n't so much about Rodney , or show business , as it is about the empty nature of fandom and celebrity itself .
Gentle Bingenheimer , who retreats from being ` figured out , ' is dubiously honored with unenlightened commentary by people hell-bent on doing so .
... an often confusing , incredibly bittersweet , yet mesmerizing examination of the cult of personality ...
Hickenlooper 's unexpectedly touching biography tells how a shy , picked-on teenager from Mountain View , Calif. , relocated to Los Angeles in the early 1960s to somehow become the semifamous focal point of a burgeoning youth scene .
If this were a less aware film , Bingenheimer would be portrayed as someone who squandered his life in thrall to celebrity . But in fact , Mayor is careful to point out his quite real accomplishments .
Hickenlooper ca n't contain Bingenheimer 's incredibly generous spirit -- so generous that , while obviously uncomfortable , he lets the director into his most private moments .
incomplete and exploitative
Engaging , if ultimately wearisome , documentary .
A fascinating and rather wistful examination of a man-child who achieves stardom in the shadows .
Fascinating but ultimately superficial look at rock survivor and cult DJ Rodney Bingenheimer proves that more is sometimes just more .
This wistful , soft-edged portrait of Rodney Bingenheimer , a social impresario of the Los Angeles rock scene , keeps its claws carefully retracted but still leaves a bitter aftertaste .
Mayor of the Sunset Strip is compulsory viewing for anyone with the slightest interest in rock history or the power of celebrity .
... an invaluable resource .
There 's more wit , insight and pathos in this doc than Bingenheimer perhaps deserves , but he 's a fascinating touchstone in this crazy celebrity culture nonetheless .
As amorphous and anonymous as its subject .
Does an exceptional job at tenderly delineating the loneliness at the center of the glam bustle .
Ostensibly about our fascination with fame , the film actually has very little to say about the subject that has n't been covered a million times on VH1 's `` Behind the Music . ''
The film works best when Hickenlooper digs into Rodney 's mystique ... Where Hickenlooper struggles is in trying to get into the mind of the man .




@highlight

A fascinating , poignant look at the cult of celebrity .