Strouse 's ongoing emphasis on overly off-kilter instances of comedy and character development sometimes prevents the viewer from entirely embracing the material ...
Nominated for the Sundance Grand Jury Prize , the film has plenty of smart , witty lines , and Clement is the perfect actor to give them life .
Clement 's predilection for center stage is real and actually kind of astounding , pole-vaulting James Strouse 's low-key romantic comedy into something much sturdier .
Strouse has a built a career on small , personal stories , and this film is no different .
Clement is better-suited as a foil to Conchord-like absurdity , where it works as a droll counterweight .
Strouse offers a light treatment of a heavy situation . And the longer it goes , the deeper the sense of reality , the better the scenes . That 's more than unusual . Most films get worse in the third act , not better .
People Places Things is a mildly amusing observational comedy about relationships that has its droll moments .
It 's a witty , heartfelt and engaging film that 's elevated by the performances .
Consistently funny , smart and poignant .
Clement is funny and touching as the heartbroken artist , and he and Hall have a sparkling chemistry .
Jemaine Clement is terrific , and there 's a lot to admire , but the picture is subsumed by an inescapable aura of insubstantiality .
Gently funny and admirably , even unfashionably humane .
Who cares ?
People , Places , Things manages to find a pocket within the genre that is light , hopeful , and likeable sans characters transforming into shrews or unredeemable jerks . It 's good , and that 's just fine .
Strouse 's script is so entertaining and Clement and supporting players give such endearing , heartfelt performances , relatable to denizens of Brooklyn , Astoria and beyond .
We know these characters are going through a lot , even if we do n't always see it . And so , this short , ramshackle , shrinking movie manages to stick with you .
The film begins in fits and starts , and the ending is a bit trite , too , but it 's a fairly satisfying look at how real people relate to each other , or fail to do so , in a relationship .
... a sweeter , genuinely funny film that 's more interested in the people telling the jokes than the jokes themselves .
Strouse 's romantic comedy presents today 's unconventional relationships and dating scene in a sweet and charming manner .
There are two reasons to check out People Places Things - but neither the lead actors nor the characters they play are among them .
So rote , so expected and unsurprising , that it never distinguishes itself from the pack of similarly themed dramatic indie comedies .
People is an easy watch if you 're a fan of Clement , who not only maintains his droll delivery but seems to have real chemistry with the actresses who play his daughters , Aundrea and Gia Gadsby .
Stands apart as an earnest and funny examination of loneliness , paternal love , and learning to accept the things we ca n't change .
Perhaps the wimpy ending is exactly what wishy-washy Will Henry deserved . I , on the other hand , deserved better .
A sweet and honest little indie that 's held together by a great performance from leading man Jemaine Clement .
People Places Things is an unexpected pleasure .
People Places Thingsdoes leave some threads unresolved at the end , but then again , so does life .
Small , smart and inescapably independent , `` People Places Things '' has its own offbeat and charmingly low-key way of seeing the world .
Strouse has come up with a near-perfect blend of awkward wit and good-natured sweetness .
As the movie progresses , Will learns , in his low-key way , that life is full of unexpected twists , that love is hard to put away , and that people who share children can never fully leave each other .
A movie that , much like the insufferable Charlie , ca n't make up its mind about where to go or how to get there .
An off-kilter romantic comedy in which everything turns out the way you might have hoped it would if you had n't been kept in a state of happy suspense along the way .
None of the plot twists here seem forced or false , and all the characters exhibit an easy humor and gentle acceptance of life as it unfolds with all its crazy kinks .
It 's a slight little movie , but its stars make you care about the people-if not so much the places and things .
Rampant cutesiness , improbable spontaneous decisions , indie-movie clichés , and the occasional decent one-liner .
Slight but sweet .
Clement may be one of the slyest actors working , blending great comic timing with a thoughtful , almost melancholy quality .
This is boilerplate rom-com fare with few plot surprises . But thanks to witty dialogue , strong performances and sure-handed direction , the movie 's also smart , hilarious and an absolute delight .
The comedy is cute but restless , sometimes implausible , often missing the mark by miles . Charm goes a certain distance , depending on personal taste .
There is a wise , smart , maybe even subversive movie in here , but filmmaker James C. Strouse keeps retreating to safer territory .
Strouse deserves credit for balancing the needs of the heart and comedy , crafting a lovely little indie production that 's finely observed and strongly acted .
Strouse 's film is about the changes that occur in all relationships and about letting go when it 's time . It will probably not change your worldview about any people , places or things , but it 's a pleasant way to spend a couple hours .
Low-key and charming . Jemaine Clement is excellent .
To say that People , Places , Things is a lovely experience makes it sound less challenging than it is . It provides a range of emotion , all of which it earns .
People , Places , Things has cuteness and comic timing in abundance .
Ceaselessly entertaining , witty , and sentimental .
The film introduces a promising romantic pentagon , only to let it float away unfulfilled into studiously benign coming-of-age clouds .
People , Places , Things radiates a warmth and calm which is comforting , a lovely little film that 's both entertaining and sweet . It 's a bit bleak without being cynical , and moving without being saccharine .
`` People , Places , Things '' is a total charmer .
There are no broad gestures or base comedy - the clever dialogue is instead packed with zingers , even if it sometimes takes a moment to get the punning humour .
A mild , low-impact relationship dramedy with a droll script and considerable feeling .
A superb , comically gifted cast helps writer-director Jim Strouse lift this quite a few cuts above his previous work as well as above the general run of films about modern life and relationships .
For a film with one eye on messy , real emotions , `` People , Places , Things '' undercuts itself with goofy humor .

@highlight

People Places Things finds writer-director Jim Strouse in peak form -- and makes the most of talented stars who help breathe fresh life into familiar narrative territory .