Which makes it all the more surprising that the documentary ends on the optimistic note that it does .
Chasing Coral makes you feel vaguely sick , especially when it explains how the destruction of coral could lead to the elimination of undersea ecosystems and human starvation .
A story of passionate pioneers who love reefs becomes a clarion call for change and one of the year 's most essential movies .
Watching Chasing Coral is a remarkable experience , one that teeters between overwhelming the viewer with the scope of earth 's ruin and inspiring them to find ways to help .
I strongly recommend watching Chasing Coral , after which I urge you to please log the hell off and unplug the freaking television . Because seriously , folks . You do n't want this .
As a work of eco documentary filmmaking , it offers the sort of visual details that make it essential viewing for anybody on the fence . And therein lies why this one works better than the ` Inconvenient ' movies .
The urgency of this problem requires people to become informed about the issues , starting with seeing the film either at the IFC or on Netflix .
This cautionary tale is far more grand than coral , and once we realize as much , perhaps we can reverse the consequences before it is too late .
Awe-inspiring , poignant docu tracks decline of coral reefs .
It 's staunchly pro-life , in the truest sense of the term .
By film 's end , you 'll see corals not only as underwater life forms but as dreamy , endangered neighborhoods inhabited by unspeakably beautiful Nemos and Dorys .
The film makes a powerful case less through argument than by using cinema 's most basic tool : visual proof .
The message will stay with you , but so will the nagging sense that you ca n't really do anything unless you happen to be a world leader .
Apocalyptic sci-fi ? This is real life , in the documentary `` Chasing Coral . ''
Chasing Coral should be admired as an earnest effort to educate the masses , yet again .
As a rallying cry for coral reef preservation , `` Chasing Coral '' is quite effective .
`` Chasing Coral '' presents the evidence with beauty , intelligence and a surprising amount of emotion .
Chasing Coral has a cogent , timely argument to make-and , crucially , it 's an argument that demands visual presentation .
The film is a devastating success , moving in its beauty and wrenching when that beauty withers .
What makes it play as more than just another activist doc is its focus on the power of images as a way to inspire change .
Jeff Orlowski 's work transcends any of its filmmaking shortcomings by serving its primary intent : rallying the troops , informing the public , and bringing to light the very real challenges the Earth 's oceans are facing .
-LSB- Jeff Orlowski 's -RSB- environmental film becomes something akin to a behind-the-scenes look at a political campaign . How do you meld the larger cause with individual efforts to sway the public into action ?
Chasing Coral is as beautiful as any nature film in its celebration of coral 's complexity , and of the undersea architecture that is formed when multiple species of coral create natural multi-level structures of interdependency .
Did you ever think you 'd shed a tear for dying coral ?
Cracks the code of how to make a documentary about a specific cause that connects with viewers , making them share the filmmakers ' passion in the process .
The beauty of Chasing Coral is matched only by its urgency , as director Jeff Orlowski encapsulates the issue of global climate change by showing where it 's doing real , measurable damage in real time : The world 's coral reefs .
If you 've ever snorkeled on the Great Barrier Reef or dived among the other major underwater wonderworlds across the globe , do n't be surprised to find yourself getting misty-eyed during Chasing Coral .

@highlight

Chasing Coral offers a breathtakingly beautiful look at some of the Earth 's most incredible natural wonders while delivering a sobering warning about their uncertain future .