Beyond a few flashbacks , Wakefield is a one-man vehicle for Cranston , who is fantastic , cycling through the variety of emotions that comprise Howard 's breakdown and disappearance from his own life .
Wakefield feels like it is a modern day version of Rear Window but without all the thrills ... in this character study that stars Breaking Bad 's Bryan Cranston .
The experiment proves only partially successful , perhaps because it 's difficult not to be a little too aware of the pitfalls such a solipsistic story faces and the strategies Swicord uses to overcome them .
Cranston is excellent in the central role , with Garner -LRB- who deserves a more vibrant career -RRB- offering solid support .
Wakefield illustrates what white privilege is all about - the ability to step out of one 's own life , abdicate responsibility , and still one 's loved ones are OK , their safety , livelihoods , and overall quality of life remains intact .
Swicord 's movie is about the angst of a rigorously constructed and airtight suburban life ... she arrives at an intricate mosaic style that accommodates both eloquent portraiture and deft tableaux .
The film seems at least peripherally aware that what he does to his family is unconscionable , so the pathos comes from the bitter irony of the cost of his new found self-awareness .
Uneventful and dull to look at , the film adapts a short story by E.L. Doctorow that probably should have stayed on the page .
A heightened portrait of the modern American male in mid-life crisis ... that fascinates even when it does n't fully convince .
Cranston cranks his performance up to 11 , enamored of his own work and incapable of hitting the brakes . And yet he never brings his character 's conflicting motives to life .
It is n't the dull midlife crisis movie it initially presents itself as . But it also does n't do enough to lurch into more nightmarish territory .
Far from an action-packed thriller , this cerebral look deep inside a very disturbed mind is as hypnotic as it is unsettling .
What a fine performance by Jennifer Garner , playing a character we see almost totally through the filter of her husband 's viewpoint .
Cranston delivers a minimalist performance that not only keeps our attention but earns it . His natural charisma and emotional range not only bring Howard Wakefield to life but awaken what could have turned into a slumberous cinematic experience .
Working from her own screenplay , director Robin Swicord delivers a film that balances wry humor and sly introspection .
Neither Swicord 's best efforts to lend some subtle perspective to Howard 's unreliable narration , nor Cranston 's entertaining hamminess in the lead role , are enough to justify the time spent with this sniveling character .
A dramedy worth seeing with an engrossing performance by Bryan Cranston .
Cranston is extremely impressive as a damaged , resentful soul - a man second guessing his own worst fear . Himself .
Above all , Wakefield acts as an allegory for the process through which men must go to stop externalising their own issues against women .
. This is a film of primal intensity , and of the most aetherial of metaphysical prospects .
Cranston , as much as you hate his character , is magnificent . No shock there . But what is surprising -- and pleasantly so -- is Garner , who does almost all of her acting without a word of dialogue .
There is neither the wit nor the energy here to sustain it for a full hour . Beware : if thou gaze long into a navel , the navel will also gaze into thee .
Thanks to another terrific Cranston performance , we hang in there .
It 's a fascinating experimental film ... and , thanks to Cranston , a tour de force of acting craft .
Cranston is utterly hypnotic as a certain kind of American male on the verge of a nervous breakdown .
Bryan Cranston might be among our great actors , but talent is hardly enough to make Wakefield anything other than a 106-minute endurance test with a creep .
An appalling elevation of toxic masculinity to something poignant , radical , and heroic . As unpleasant and as passive-aggressive as its horrid protagonist .
It 's not often there 's too much of Cranston , he 's one of the most entertaining screen actors around , but this is one of those times .
Cranston earns sympathy through a performance rich in emotional depth and moral complexity .
Swicord 's screenplay keeps peeling back layers of the character 's misery .
`` Wakefield '' remains oddly watchable , like a Cheever-esque '60s - era suburban melodrama that 's slick , unreal , yet has a burrowing drive . You can simultaneously recognize it as a misfire and want more movies like it .
If Wakefield is a bit overlong , it also ends at exactly the right moment .
`` I 've stranded myself , '' Howard laments , as the film nears its open-ended climax . So , too , does `` Wakefield , '' unfortunately .
Wakefield is a terrific movie , with a devastatingly bravura performance by Bryan Cranston that seizes and grips attention from first scene to last .
`` Wakefield '' creates an intriguing balance of comedy and darkness to support the actor , examining identity and responsibility with this atypical tale of male escape .
To her credit , Swicord clearly made the film she wanted to make , but `` Wakefield '' stays stuck in one gear .
Wakefield is a must-see for fans of Bryan Cranston .
-LSB- T -RSB- he source material by E.L. Doctorow , writer-director Robin Swicord 's deft adaptation of the short story and her intimate direction of Cranston make you not to even notice the -LSB- near two hour -RSB- time .
Robin Swicord put the film in head and at the hands of Cranston 's Howard , not to champion his decisions or character , but to show the audience a portrait of a man who needs to win even when he loses .
Wakefield is kind of a wonder .
Bitter husband checks out in fascinating , intense drama .
It 's to Cranston 's great credit that he 's able to keep us watching this shallow , self-deceiving egotist . It 's the film 's fatal failing that we 're never sure why .
Cranston , who narrates Wakefield 's thoughts throughout , roots himself in this absurdly compelling character ... -LSB- Swicord 's -RSB- film is an interesting experiment , but it suffers from the inherent distancing of Wakefield 's life going on without him .
A peculiar tale about a distinctly unlikeable fellow , Wakefield drags considerably .
Wakefield is an odd but consistently intriguing film , I found the result to be fascinating and provocative . The real magic here is in the audacious concept and its deft execution .
Swicord ... both respects the material and neatly corrals it for her own purposes .
Wakefield is selfish and cunning , competitive and controlling . He 's also unmistakably human and , surprisingly , totally relatable whether you 'll admit it or not .
Garner , as always , is very fine as well as a wife suddenly thrust into a bizarre situation , but this is almost totally Cranston 's show .
A riveting character study that draws you in even as it turns you off .
The film , scrupulously faithful to its source , is decidedly literary , but not in an especially satisfying way .
Cranston is simply remarkable in the role , a tricky one since his character has precious little dialogue with anyone else . Yet the actor shows everything here -- arrogance , sorrow , anger , love , fear .
The role of Wakefield is a beast , and Cranston , rising to the challenges set by director Robin Swicord , gives it everything he 's got . His award-caliber performance is astounding to watch .
It 's ultimately hamstrung by its overwrought sensibilities .
... a one-man show driven by Cranston 's surprisingly subtle performance .
The more curious Howard 's circumstances become , the less vitality the harsh realities of his escapades away from home have .
Too long to fully sustain its concept , but a real Cranston tour de force .
Who needs the technology shown in `` The Circle '' when Bryan Cranston 's character so convincingly surveils his family with just a pair of binoculars ?
Though primarily a somewhat dark , profound tale that has a sadness running right the way through it , as we analyse this one man 's nervous breakdown , there 's an indelible wit prevalent throughout .
Bryan Cranston is fantastic .
Wakefield would not be as fascinating if its central performance was n't as fully fleshed out as Cranston makes it .
The ambiguous , only partially satisfying conclusion ultimately confirms Wakefield 's place as a subdued curiosity of a film ...
Could seriously resonate with middle-aged moviegoers - especially women - starved for smart , personal stories .
It would have been asking a lot from any actor to carry this film , and Cranston has done the heavy lifting and more .

@highlight

Thanks to a committed , powerhouse performance by Bryan Cranston , Wakefield is a fascinating character study of a decidedly unpleasant character .