The sole high point ? 3D tits . The porn industry is going to love this technology , presuming you do n't mind wearing stupid dark glasses while masturbating .
I 'd read about this one for three years . Then I saw it and forgot it immediately .
As one character asks , `` It never stops , does it ? '' Well , no . Not as long as people keep paying to see such dreck .
The perspecto-effects are a real letdown , while the pacing and performances are as flat as roadkill .
To make a 3-D ` torture porn ' movie is at best opportunist ; to make one with flat , boring torture scenes is unforgivable .
This nasty , witless and hopelessly dated effort is still a landmark release . Think of it like the first dog shot into space , but do n't forget it is an absolute dog .
The acting is more wooden than the numerous coffins , the plot a rehash of any crazed serial killer flick you care to mention , with extra torture . It 's unremittingly nasty stuff .
Another week , another yucky horror film with a title that sounds like `` Saw '' . This one 's in 3D .
Despite the killer 's slavering way with a scalpel , there 's no blood spurting out into your near-vision , just a lot of hopeless acting in your face .
Despite it 's technical savvy , this pans out as merely the latest in the dispiriting procession of torture porn movies while the dreary identification of the perp does n't raise the excitement levels much higher than a half-hearted game of Cluedo .
The result is humourless , implausible and lacks a single original idea . There would be no reason for this film to exist , were it not the first live action feature shot entirely in HD3D .
If you make the mistake of going to see it , I recommend taking a spoon so you can scoop your will to live off the floor at the end . Derivative , dull and with a daft ending , even the 3D 's not much cop .
This kind of torture porn is beyond bad taste .
This boasts of being `` a first of its kind 3D movie event '' , but it 's just the same old torture porn tarted up .
Run of the mill , largely predictable slasher movie that unfortunately squanders the 3D gimmick that could have made it interesting .
Blood cascades out of the screen -LRB- Titanic - in red -RRB- when blades are not in your face . Desensitisation soon sets in : too like Halloween H20 .
Scar is a generic slasher ; even it seems jaded with the ` torture porn ' bandwagon onto which it leaps , ultimately feeling like WAZ for dummies .


@highlight

A nasty , witless and unoriginal entry into the torture porn canon with hopeless acting and a waste of modern 3D technology .