Even the teenaged misfit audiences to whom `` Rebound '' is targeted will lose patience with the film 's uninspired gags and lazy writing .
An adequate video babysitter , but kids and parents alike would have a better time simply rewatching The Bad News Bears .
Frankly I would n't be surprised if Rebound was written , shot , edited , and released over the course of ... let 's be generous and say three weeks .
Will probably go down someplace in the cinema history books , as it is the first film in which star Martin Lawrence never goes `` DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMN ! ''
Why would such a talent as Martin Lawrence make a totally useless , inane movie ? I 'm guessing that , as usual , money talks .
It took no fewer than five writers to come up with this dull , harmless re-tread of The Bad News Bears .
Every cliche-filled line and plot element comes from other , better movies , so why not wait for the upcoming remake of `` Bad News Bears '' ?
The low-scoring Rebound makes Martin Lawrence 's upcoming sequel to Big Momma 's House seem like a blessed event .
Exposure to Rebound will not require immediate medical attention - but you could say that about a plate of tofu . That does n't mean there 's any reason to seek it out .
It 's a laugh-free exercise in moviemaking by numbers .
Lawrence coasts on star power , genially sending up his bad-boy persona .
The movie 's bad , but at least it is n't aggressively annoying . It has puke jokes , but hey -- no farts ! Put those quotes in your ads , 20th Century Fox .
It 's a ready cinematic babysitter for harried moms and dads who need some weekend downtime detox from the brood .
An underdog sports saga that skips nary a cliche on its nearly laughless journey .
Do n't misunderstand me . This is n't a very good picture by any stretch of the imagination . All I 'm saying is that it is n't a bad one , Carr and Lawrence keeping things relatively bouncy and benignly innocuous ...
The outcome of all this is never in doubt , and the film 's attempts to be cute and cuddly are as insincere as Lawrence 's performance .
The funniest joke comes in the credits when it is revealed that it took five writers to come up with a story and screenplay that you and I could have coughed up one morning before lunch , depending on our typing skills .
Lawrence should take what he has accomplished here and run to someone with a better script .
... a dumb , cookie-cutter sports movie that knows nothing about sports and even less about comedy .
The exact same movie remade over and over again .
The sanitized version of ` Coach Carter '
Carr helms this fluffy formulaic sports fable with all the urgency of an awkward bounce pass ... Rebound commits its share of flagrant personal fouls
an updated , lifeless version of Hoosiers , and it proceeds like a `` choose your own adventure '' story where the answers are given for you
... like a photocopy of a photocopy of a photocopy , the impact fades with each reproduction .
A lazy , by-the-numbers vehicle .
Even by the debased standards of preachy sports movies aimed at kids , this is pabulum .
With the bounceless Rebound , Martin Lawrence has managed the feat of transforming from razor-tongue Bad Boys comic into a cuddly Bill Cosby clone .
This is a stupid movie .
Goes along pleasantly .
Lawrence and the kids find a common groove , and validate their casting .
Director Steve Carr and the script by committee offers a formula comedy in which the paint-by-numbers design is far too obvious and the characters are cardboard caricatures .
Rebound is like mad scientist 's horribly botched clone of Coach Carter with Martin Lawrence instead of Samuel L. Jackson , and vomit jokes instead of a script .
Rebound is almost the same movie as Coach Carter , played for Bad News Bears / Mighty Ducks/Big Green / Kicking and Screaming laughs .
It 's just another bland , junior-high-basketball riff on The Bad News Bears formula , one that takes every single dramatic cue from the underdog sports-movie playbook .
You do n't want to think too much about a movie like this . But neither do you necessarily want to support it .
Short on laughs , if supremely inoffensive , this sleepy nonentity of a movie finds Mr. Lawrence in his huggable teddy bear mode .
Rebound starts off bad , then tapers off .
This movie feels like it was the product of some court-ordered community service .
Rebound could easily have been written by a sophisticated computer program .
Hollywood wants to know why audiences are n't rushing to the theaters these days . Rebound is a perfect example of why people stay home .
Rebound is a good example of the mediocre product so readily available at the movies . It 's just sort of nothing at all really , a pleasant and forgettable 90 minutes of ... whatever .
Rebound 's reiteration of the Mighty Ducks paradigm of kiddie sports movies often feels tediously academic as it scrambles to touch all the generic bases .
So paint by numbers it should probably come with a free brush , the movie offers no surprises .
This has retread written all over it .
This movie is funny with just the right mix of underdog sports , comedy , and charm . Yes , it 's predictable , but it 's also fun entertainment .
The thing with Rebound is : If you 've seen the poster , if you 've seen the trailer , if you 've seen the commercial , you 've seen the movie .
It might as well be called refried , repeat , reworked , redone , redux , remade , regurgitated and however many other 're ' terms you can come up with to describe a movie that ca n't be bothered to search for a single new idea .
Forgettable performances , forgettable script . Forget it .
A reasonably fun family comedy .
Tired before it begins , Martin Lawrence 's entrance into the lucrative kiddie flick arena never figures how to handle his vibrant spacticity .
It 's much too familiar , too derivative , too formulaic and too predictable to have much hope of competing in an already disappointing summer season .
Painless but dull throughout .
In an early scene , Roy gives his college team a pregame pep talk via a recorded message -- and Lawrence 's performance has that same phoned-in quality .
For all its predictability , though , Rebound turns out to be a fun movie for the kids .
Rebound has the casting formula down pat . Fat kid , check . Tom boy , check . Gangly dude , check ...
It 's getting more than a little tiresome sitting through sport movies revolving around a team of under-aged underdogs and their curmudgeonly coach .
Despite the lack of originality , the movie is affable enough , thanks to some canny casting .
It could 've been worse , but not by much .
Piles one gloriously misbegotten cliché and set piece on top of another .
Martin Lawrence has given us another reason to buy a ticket to War of the Worlds .
Rebound does n't break new ground in the kids-reform - the-big - bad-guy formula . But it does offer a fun if familiar ride , thanks to Mr. Lawrence 's deadpan comedic talents and some cute misfit kids .
The worst family feature so far this year ... Rebound stinks like a rancid pair of sweaty old gym sneakers .
Rebound is n't completely unwatchable , I suppose , but there 's just got to be a better way to spend 87 minutes .
Bad News Bears is due out next month , and one wonders what 's more derivative : a remake of an old movie or a brand-new movie that merely rehashes the same old story with different faces ?
An abysmal movie .
There 's nothing terribly wrong with Rebound , nor is there anything worth watching if you 've seen The Bad News Bears and its various incarnations .
Another in the endless series of movies about losers and klutzes who overcome lack of talent in one quick montage to learn the meaning of teamwork and beat the meanies .
Foul .
I remember that I actually did laugh , once . I just ca n't remember what I laughed at .
Rebound scores a few chuckles while following a familiar game plan .
Not a single plot turn will come as a surprise . But the film does an admirable job of imparting a positive message without being preachy .
Predictable yet passably entertaining .
A misbegotten mix of crude jokes , ludicrous fantasies and bland sentimentality .
As familiar as it is , ` Rebound ' could well have been titled ` Replay , ' but although it 's just a formula flick , it 's not an awful one . Too bad that 's not saying much .
I should be 6 years old right now . That way , I could enjoy Rebound without thinking about all the better movies made from its concept .
Rebound is a sports comedy so by-the-numbers that you do n't really have to watch it -- you can just check in on it every once in a while between trips to the concession stand and the bathroom .
I ca n't recommend the movie , except to younger viewers , but I do n't dislike it . It 's Coach Carter Lite , and it does what it does .
If you 're a Martin Lawrence groupie , Rebound fulfills your appetite for all Martin all the time . But if you 're seeking laughs with a story that moves , well , this is no Coach Carter .
Martin Lawrence and Tom Arnold in the same movie together . If that sounds good to you , be aware that you will probably never agree with anything a film critic says ever again
The whole thing feels like a half-day of community service , which Lawrence walks through good-naturedly .
Lawrence hogs the spotlight more greedily than Dennis Rodman in his wedding dress-wearing heyday .
Coming soon to a theatre near you : `` Water Wings , '' with Adam Sandler coaching a swim team , and `` With a Paddle , '' starring Eddie Murphy as a ping-pong coach .
Director Steve Carr does n't even bother with scenes of the basketball team misfits discovering their skills and a love of the game . He just assumes you know the formula .









@highlight

Rebound ought to entertain its target audience , but there 's nothing here for those who 've seen The Bad News Bears or its countless derivatives .