... really more about the tragic effects of madness than the glory of art .
Director Jeff Feuerzeig 's film The Devil and Daniel Johnston , which captured the Director 's Award for documentaries at last year 's Sundance Film Festival , tells the story of a singer/songwriter/something else named Daniel Johnston .
The Devil & Daniel Johnston is a remarkable look into the world of an artist that lost his mind and struggled to find it again
Jeff Feuerzeig 's documentary portrait , The Devil and Daniel Johnston , makes it clear that Johnston and his music are nothing if not sincere , and , moreover , that he 's one messed-up guy .
While the movie is interesting as a curiosity , it ultimately reflects on the people who erroneously believe in the heightened quality of Johnston 's overrated music .
While a bit draggy in places , the film nonetheless holds up quite well as an enjoyable biopic of a underground musical madman . The `` genius '' moniker does get dangled a bit too often , there 's certainly enough beauty and power in Daniel Jonston 's music to su
Riveting even when it borders on the hagiographic .
Resembles Crumb in its depiction of damaged souls whose only refuge is art .
... a haunting portrait of an artist walking on the edge , that shows his pain in a very real way .
The Devil and Daniel Johnston is an unflinching yet loving look at the outsider musician 's life . It 's also the most revealing look at genius and mental illness since Terry Zwigoff 's 1994 documentary Crumb .
Regardless of whether you like Daniel Johnston 's music or , indeed , whether you can even tolerate it , Johnston is an undeniably riveting documentary subject
A haunting , frequently unsettling documentary about the blurry line between madness and genius .
A paean to the artist as a tortured genius . I ca n't deny that Johnston has the tortured part down pat . It 's the genius part I 'm having trouble accepting .
A fascinating look at this epically tortured artist .
What makes Devil fascinating is the harrowing arc of Johnston 's life . This is a story of youthful promise undermined by horrendous mental illness .
`` The Devil and Daniel Johnston '' is really something special , avoiding easy answers , skirting the expected cliches , drawing us deeper into the life of a fascinating and complex man .
By far the best film of this first half of 2006 .
Feuerzeig 's kaleidoscopic film is the perfect frame for Daniel Johnston 's odd world .
A heartbreaking , yet strangely uplifting and inspirational , exploration of the fine line between genius and madness , and how sometimes , one becomes impossible to discern from the other .
... works as a biographical sketch of the artist as madman and as a meditation on the prerogatives of genius .
There 's something truly illuminating in the telling of Daniel Johnston 's story and his painful struggle with bipolar disorder .
Touching , funny and sad .
Both riveting and disturbing to watch .
Since Johnston was prolific and a pack rat , director Jeff Feuerzeig had access to a life 's worth of audio recordings , short films and animation dating back to the formative equivalent of the refrigerator art of Johnston 's childhood .
Feuerzeig focuses his attention not just on Johnston but on his friends ... who had to clean up the messes left after Johnston 's episodes .
The nature and sound of Johnston 's music is an acquired taste , and that also goes for director Jeff Feuerzeig 's documentary -- though the film is intelligent and approaches the various mental-health issues addressed here in a sensitive manner .
A documentary with all the suspense , comedy , pathos and surprise of a great narrative film ...
`` I think he was having fun teasing me . What do you think ? '' Daniel Johnston 's mother and father are still trying to figure out their perplexing child , even now , when he 's 44 years old .
At the end of the day , Johnston 's childlike stream of unrequited love landed him on MTV , Atlantic Records , and now a feature-length theatrical recounting of his life . Take that , Satan .
You would n't want to be Daniel Johnston , or even know him too well . But see this film and you wo n't forget him .
I found the documentary surprisingly diverting as a case study .
Though Feuerzeig 's film is n't quite successful at underlining what exactly it is about Johnston 's childlike art that makes him so appealing , the documentary works superbly at proving Johnston is insane .
Demonic and riveting , but I 'm still not a fan .
Heartbreaking , funny and inspirational , in equal measure - it 'll also make you want to buy at least one Daniel Johnston album and you 'll probably find yourself singing Casper the Friendly Ghost for the rest of the day .
As a demonstration of how to put a life on screen , it is exemplary in its thoroughness and willingness to allow a multiplicity of views .
Rock 'n' roll 's capacity for recycling legend means the stories of Johnston 's life , and the way in which they 're told , could easily fall into cliché . Instead they are original , engrossing and sometimes heartbreaking .
The troubled singer-songwriter Daniel Johnston is the subject of an entertaining documentary .
Johnston 's music has touched many ; his story deserves to reach far , far more .
Occasionally slides into a breathless fan tribute , but nonetheless an affectionate and candid portrait of a troubled artist .
To share Feuerzeig 's loving investigation is to share an insightful study of the destructive and creative capabilities of the mind .
This well-done documentary will explain why Johnston has never been able to rise above cult status ...
Feuerzeig was able to fashion such a thorough , engaging film partly because aficionados such as Lee Renaldo of Sonic Youth shot so much footage of Johnston performing and acting out .
Like Capturing the Friedmans , Devil is loaded with revealing footage , rife with psychodrama , including a creepy home movie in which the teenage Johnston plays himself and his overbearing mother .
Despite the overstating of his artistic case , I still found Jeff Feuerzeig 's film account incredibly compelling , in a freaky , ca n't - help - but-stare-at-the - roadside-accident kind of way .
... an uncomfortably fascinating document of a man whose bipolar disorder and artistic ambitions are inextricably connected .
Devil leads us into that dark , uncharted valley where evil , genius , divine inspiration , insanity -- and other unfathomable mysteries -- commingle .
This astonishingly well-made movie stubbornly refuses to ask some important questions . Are we watching mental illness as performance art ?
A searing , compassionate portrait of chronic mental illness .
Might not convince you that Daniel Johnston is a great artist , but it does persuade you that he 's a fascinating case study .
An inspired piece of work by someone who knows and admires Mr. Johnston but does n't cover up the warts . It 's also the rare documentary possessed with an artistry that transcends its subject .
You do n't need to be Einstein to know that not all geniuses are mad . More to the relative point , not all madmen are geniuses .
There 's no question Johnston is an intriguing person . Or that , based on the treasure trove of illuminating or baffling or maddening footage assembled here into a stylishly messy whole , he remains a work in progress .
Perhaps Feuerzeig wanted to get away from the stereotypical ` talking head ' interview , but by having the subject stop periodically to rinse and spit ?
It 's little more than a decently-compiled , fan-inspired research project as opposed to something organically resonant or artful .
It 's an excruciating yet fascinating journey through the life of a very intriguing , yet very ill person .
This stunningly powerful tale gets you in its grip and does n't let go .
Regardless of how you feel about Johnston 's art , The Devil and Daniel Johnston is worth seeing as a poignant portrait of a troubled life , still in the making .
Johnston 's fringe existence may not speak to the most universal of truths , but the man certainly is n't cut from a cookie-cutter mold .
Jeff Feuerzeig , who won the best director award at Sundance 2005 for this film , has started with a subject who has filmed himself and been filmed by others for more than 20 years .
Johnston gets his own documentary
Johnston 's obsession with self-documenting his life by means of amateur films and tape recordings has yielded a wealth of material from which Feuerzeig has fashioned an often fascinating portrait .
Feuerzeig recounts it all with clear-eyed candor , turning to Johnston 's battered friends and family for insight and empathy and to Johnston 's tapes and drawings for an inside look at his illness .
A sad , occasionally funny but ultimately merely mildly interesting film .
Really well done .
Whether Johnston is a genius or a wonderful anomaly remains to be seen , but director Jeff Feuerzeig has stitched together a detailed portrait of the artist 's life and music that is never less than compelling .
Feuerzeig 's film is as good a portrait of the artist as a beloved basket case as you 'll see , but it 's kept from greatness by the questions it refuses to ask itself .
The combination of Daniel 's personal life and professional career makes for interesting viewing for the first 80 minutes .
... shows just how easily hype and gossip can dupe a public hungry for anything new .
A delicious character study that attracts and repels .
Feuerzeig tells the story of Johnston 's journey from artistically inspired but domestically and socially challenged teen to singer-songwriter to full-blown manic depressive with a great deal of resourcefulness and wit .
An inside look at the weird world of the cult hero of grunge rock who is , well , weird .
While Feuerzeig 's film works as a discourse on the links between art and mental illness , his subject remains a head-scratcher ... Daniel Johnston is obviously a legend in his own mind , but how did he garner musical legends as his fans ?
It does n't condescend -LSB- to Johnston -RSB- , it does n't exploit him . It just tells us about his life .
An amazing , mind-boggling , disturbing , hilarious , and utterly moving and unforgettable film experience
If Johnston is Joe Buck , Feuerzeig is his rambling , audacious Enrico Rizzo .
Not so much about music per se , as about the fearfully thin line separating man from madness or , in Johnston 's vision , from Satan .
As its title suggests , the picture is something of a ballad , an ode to an elusive character who 's both quintessentially human and so outlandish he almost seems unreal .
While the insane details of manic-depressive pop savant Daniel Johnston 's troubled life make for gripping viewing , the best thing about Jeff Feuerzeig 's excellent documentary is his refusal to romanticize Johnston 's mental illness .
Feuerzeig paints a loving portrait of the up-and-down life of the troubled 45-year-old -- sort of a poor man 's Brian Wilson .
Everything a good documentary should be .
Devil turns out to be too indulgent and worshipful a film to justify its length -LRB- one hour and 50 minutes , including an interminable section on Johnston in high school -RRB- , much less hold our attention for the duration .
As for the serious fans of his work , well , maybe I 'm not getting something , but they seem like the craziest people in the movie .
The cinematography and editing are often far more creative than the aptly utilitarian work frequently found in biographical documentaries ...
` The Devil and Daniel Johnston ' is a documentary that will haunt you all the way home , and into the night .
-LSB- The film -RSB- may be a paean to a lost ` genius , ' but it is also a gritty , involving , warts-and-all tale of celebrity and psychosis that leaves a likely unanswerable question : Were the naive songs of Johnston 's youth a window into his soul , or his disease ?
This mesmerizing documentary about the cult musician -LRB- his enthusiastic fans include indie-rock royalty like Sonic Youth -RRB- will do more to sway the uninitiated to Johnston 's side than away from it .
Johnston 's story may seem like another '80s cultural footnote , but just when you think ... you 've seen it all , another fascinating chapter in his eventful life comes along .
Director Jeff Feuerzeig , extensively utilizing home movies , chronicles the eerie and oddly inspiring story of Johnston 's ongoing battles to survive -- both as artist and human being .
The romantic cliche that all artists are a little bit mad is put through its paces -LRB- if never seriously questioned -RRB- in this documentary about the musician Daniel Johnston .
I ca n't tell if the movie means to leave us somewhat hopeful or utterly devastated by the way God treats his own geniuses .
It 's the way Feuerzeig walks with him on the line between creativity and madness that digs this haunting and hypnotic film into your memory .
-LSB- Johnston 's -RSB- story opens a window on the nature of art and the power of myth .
Returns repeatedly to the tangled relationship between hipsters and the out-of-control oddballs they enable .
Why he keeps being a called a ` musical genius ' in the film is something my ears could never understand .
The Devil and Daniel Johnston is undoubtedly the best movie anyone could have made about this unwitting practitioner of ` outsider ' art .
The Devil and Daniel Johnston is a fascinating and lovingly crafted musical documentary that nevertheless misunderstands its own subject .
Thornberry , a friend of Johnston , reminds us that we can appreciate the Van Goughs and Virginia Wolffs of the world , but it 's hard to romanticize mental illness when we are forced to personally deal with the realities of broken bones , hospitals , and pain .
The documentary holds no illusions about insanity as a career move ; there 's a whiff of the freak show in Johnston 's latter-day concerts but never in Feuerzeig 's approach .
Daniel Johnson 's ` musical genius ' is overblown . His only similarity to Brian Wilson is his mental illness , which is the true focus of this fascinating documentary .
I viewed this as an outsider to his subculture and the film offered me little .
Pic is particularly well-crafted , managing to avoid the ambulance-chasing tenor that might easily have turned this into a voyeuristic freakshow .
Brilliantly illustrates how Johnston 's innate musical genius was virtually inseparable from his illness .
The film is virtually overflowing with truly memorable scenes of great humor , pain , and inspiration .
The Devil and Daniel Johnston is a movie about a man whose demons live with him always , but who has somehow found a way of speaking that can still be heard above the din in his head .
Even if you ca n't get into Johnston 's music -LRB- count me in that group -RRB- , this is to be filed under `` must-see . ''
A compelling and obsessive humanization of American eccentricity .





@highlight

Whether you think this mentally ill cult musician is worthy of being called a `` genius , '' this document of his life is crafted with sincere respect and is fascinating to watch .