Notes on Blindness requires a level of effort on the viewer to garner a full appreciation , but it is worth it .
Notes on Blindness traces a distinctive path , but it is hard to say whether an experimental film like this will attract audiences not already familiar with Hull 's work .
English writer and theologian John Hull , who went blind in the early 1980s and kept an audio diary of his experience , is the subject of this thought-provoking film , which takes an unusual if not always successful approach to the documentary form .
Notes on Blindness is a moving , intimate documentary , a triumph of sound and image , and a poetic examination of love , loss , memory and marriage .
Hull 's observations -- an audio diary -- provide plenty of insight and engagement .
Sighted viewers should be thankful enough ; for cinemagoers who 've suffered or who are suffering sight problems , Notes on Blindness might well comprise the most powerful -- and most empowering -- audio-described screening in years .
Achingly poignant and startlingly immediate
A deeply sensitive interpretation of the subject 's reflective testament on disability .
Quite often , the filmmakers go for blurry scenery , surreal events and odd camera shots that feel more like gimmicks than an accurate representation of its subject 's affliction .
This daring re-enactment of one man 's going blind is not only successful , but deeply moving and enlightening .
The filmmakers create art out of what too often is a documentary stopgap .
A genuinely moving , profound and haunting experience that might change the way you perceive the sights and sounds around you .
The tone of the narration is so wrenchingly honest that the film never lapses into self-pity or relies on mystical platitudes .
Its fatal mistake is to make up for blindness , instead of embracing it as something other than a liability .
Hull 's reflections touch on areas the sighted rarely stop to consider , such as the way that still photos are easier to remember than actual physical moments with loved ones .
Befitting Hull 's original project , Notes on Blindness is achingly , poignantly human .
The award-winning film is a remarkable testament to a kindly father and teacher .
Notes on Blindness is an extraordinary film that wears its original genius lightly .
The discussion of blindness is fascinating but Hull , and his family , are even more so .
As educational , entertaining and inspirational as its subject .
This is a very original film about a daunting subject , namely the shock of living with blindness .
A haunting , quietly affecting documentary .
This is not just a tale of struggle and courage , a relearning of the world 's signals , however , but also a moving portrait of family life .
-LSB- A -RSB- richly evocative and thought-provoking film ...
The tone is sober , unflashy , and Hull 's reflections on God are presented without any hectoring or special pleading . Affecting and profoundly intelligent .
Perhaps you have sometimes wondered : how would you even begin to make a film about going blind and being blind and what that means ? ... Even if that 's so you 'll still find Notes on Blindness to be a singular achievement , as well as a truly wonderful one .
With the exception of John and Marilyn , faces are obscured , which feels right : why should we be allowed to see their son -LRB- or the actor playing him -RRB- when John has never seen him ?
A fascinating documentary from the first-timer team of James Spinney and Peter Middleton .
A mature , respectable , gently moving discussion that lacks a killer hook .
The depiction of early 1980s Britain - dark , rainy , almost entirely brown - is especially vivid .
A deeply moving and unexpectedly uplifting film .
-LSB- An -RSB- elegant , evocative and deeply affecting documentary .

@highlight

Notes on Blindness traces one man 's difficult journey and emerges with a reflection on the human condition that 's as uplifting and edifying as it is simply moving .