Director/screenwriter Sebastián Cordero delivers a lurid and absorbing drama about the power of the media and the steps some will take to get the big scoop .
Proceeds breathlessly and hysterically towards a story that in the end , seems to have hardly left the finish line .
A blunt instrument of a tale , with considerable emotional impact .
full review in Greek
... thoroughly underwhelming and surprisingly dull .
A riveting exploration of good and evil where the line between the two is unclear .
Nothing in this would-be thriller grabs you by the throat , never mind reaches down to your guts .
Leguizamo tackles his first Spanish-language role with considerable aplomb .
As good a commentary on our present media age as you 're likely to find .
This suspenseful film and its star are as sharp as razors as they delve into the dark corners of life .
-LSB- Helmer -RSB- Cordero tries to humanize his monster and , as such , takes the wind out of Cronicas 's sails .
Ecuadoran filmmaker Sebastian Cordero certainly has style to burn and has some intriguing opinions on the news media , though he could have left out some of the more melodramatic plot elements .
What should be the movie 's strength , the mano-a-mano psychological sparring between Manolo and Vinicio , fizzles out with a dispiriting and easily anticipated ending .
An ambitious social-commentary melodrama that works about half the time -- until it engages in the very behavior it sets out to condemn .
a gritty story about a reporter who gets carried away by his ego while he believes he is pursuing the greater good
Cordero paints his villain with more points to ponder than his protagonist .
We 've seen this cautionary tale before , and the outcome , while chilling from an ethical perspective , is almost a foregone conclusion .
The hit-and-run destructiveness of the rapacious media is nothing new , but Cordero gives his cynical take a unique setting and a queasy climax .
-LSB- Cordero 's -RSB- lens is focused on a larger ethics , on what makes human beings heroes and monsters .
Cronicas is the kind of tense , terrific suspenser that screams for a Hollywood remake . Only the remake wo n't be anywhere near as good , so check out the original .
An efficient but not-terribly-surprising crime drama that spins off a Silence of the Lambs-like dynamic .
Cronicas is the kind of movie that grabs you while you 're watching , even if later you wish it had grabbed a little harder .
Even though he 's been around for years , the promise Leguizamo shows in Crónicas makes it seem as though the actor is just getting started .
Disturbing and thought-provoking ... with a truly unsettling ending .
Cronicas sometimes strikes an uneasy balance between sensationalism and sober reflection .
It never quite achieves the level of journalistic condemnation it so clearly seeks .
Who could 've guessed subtitles would make John Leguizamo a better actor ?
With considerable passion and more than a little anger , Cronicas argues that our appetite for an increasing coarse and sensational type of news programming has skewed our inner compasses .
Leguizamo has played sidekicks . With Cronicas he seems looks for a meatier part .
Shot on location in two villages of the filmmaker 's native country , Crónicas seethes with authenticity , suspense and drama .
Cronicas as a whole does n't engender much gravity , because its central theme is so inane .
A sharp , intelligent film ... . Who 'd have thought an Ecuadorian film would have so much to say about modern American journalism ?
-LSB- T -RSB- he kind of ` small ' picture that rarely crops up in the mainstream Hollywood movie system ... an unsettling piece of work -- a scenic and sunlit , chilling film .
This gets television journalism right .
... has a gritty texture that keeps the events interesting .
Even as the film sometimes veers into unproductive sidebars , there 's a masterful tension to it , Alcazar is wonderful , and the final shot is a stunner .
This is not Hollywood filmmaking , and if it were not for the familiar and likable face of Leguizamo , the average Saturday night filmgoer would be clawing at the door .
Cronicas has a cracking good plot , a central moral issue and John Leguizamo speaking Spanish . What more does a film need ?
Though Crónicas starts as a stark tragedy about widespread suffering , it morphs into a preachy , languorous treatise on manipulative media .
An uneven film that 's nevertheless genuinely disturbing .
Cordero gives Cronicas the rhythm of a 1970s American film , reveling in his characters ' flaws , and revealing an anti-hero with no easy resolutions .
For most actors , this would represent a welcome chance to stretch -- for Leguizamo , it 's a quantum leap in quality .
The movie is worth seeing for Leguizamo 's sinewy urgency , Alcázar 's desperate cleverness as the killer , and the squalid , frantic atmosphere of Latin American hunger .
Crónicas is an extremely effective thriller that above all show-cases John Leguizamo 's talent .
-LSB- A -RSB- sometimes savvy media melodrama .
This film offers a probing look at corruption in TV journalism and focuses on a country rarely glimpsed in movies .
A vivid image of mundane life one shock away from collapse .
A horrifying journey into the dark heart of one journalist 's ambition and an acid look at the society that makes such ambition seem almost reasonable .
This is one of the best films of the year . Wow .
Reasonably absorbing and a provocative if familiar commentary on media manipulation , with Leguizamo terrific in a serious , intense performance .
The movie is devoid of subtext because every idea is expressed with bold punctuation .
A scathing indictment of writer-director Sebastian Cordero 's ability to put together a credible story .
His Manolo is a hair 's breadth from being booed off the screen , yet Leguizamo retains audience sympathy and shows us a flawed , conflicted man who will probably never get a decent night 's sleep again after the decisions we see him make .
While taking a hard look at the media , Cronicas still stays true to a taut thriller form , its social commentary disguised as one of the better horror films in recent memory .
riveting
Cronicas is two thirds of a really good movie - someone let me know when they find the rest .
A sobering , unsettling and devastating experience .
The film begins strongly and violently , then simmers down to a standard-issue suspense story .
-LSB- Raises -RSB- questions about how the media gets involved in finding stories and how much responsibility they should take towards their subjects
Writer-director Sebastian Cordero keeps the moral conundrums on low boil while allowing the ominous , sweltering atmosphere to seep beneath your skin .
Leguizamo 's strengths and limitations fit snug with the reporter 's own -- the comedic sizzle the actor brings to his best work translates smoothly into hardhearted aggression .
Goes beyond both the fashionable serial-killer thriller and the equally current consideration of oxymoronic media morality .
For a film shot in Ecuador , Crónicas feels curiously American in design .
Oscillating between furor and languor , rage and repose , Crónicas mixes ethnography with media critique .
John Leguizamo proves his ability not only in comedy but in psychological thrillers as well .
Ecuadorian Codero combines an issue-oriented film about journalistic ethos and media manipulation with a psychological thriller about a serial killer to mixed results
A psychological drama with a mind game aspect that is a compelling claim for attention -- along with a unique look at the landscape and culture of a small Ecuadorian village .
An honest effort that is too dramatically slack to sustain more than average interest .
Leguizamo and Alcazar are riveting together .
Starts out bracingly but gradually loses focus .



@highlight

An unsettling and absorbing cautionary tale with John Leguizamo playing an unscrupulous TV reporter who uses the medium to further his own goals .