While the film is finely crafted and boasts excellent performances from female leads Laurent and Sarah Gadon , everything is too restrained and tasteful and , in particular , too reliant on the suspense trope of the chase .
It 's all style - and what wonderful , skillful style it is - with little substance .
Featuring a tremendous performance by Jake Gyllenhaal and bold direction from Denis Villeneuve , Enemy is a masterfully crafted film with a tricky but very fulfilling premise .
Gyllenhaal embodies both men with care , building distinct characters that no amount of physical similarity can prevent discerning who is who .
For those who enjoy a different kind of cinema , this is not to be missed .
As with many Gyllenhaal flicks , a huge amount goes unsaid - such as what is going on .
From the opening shot of Enemy , you are trained to expect something out of the ordinary .
Rewarding for those who enjoy the menace and mystery that accompanies the cinema of the mind .
The eerie music and abstract , experimental approach to storytelling creates a disquieting ambiance which emanates off the screen , turning what could effectively be a light tale , into something that seems so sinister .
Villeneuve knows how to stoke the tension so that benign moments become first unsettling and then downright creepy .
This may be a thriller starring Jake Gyllenhaal , but mainstream audiences should also note that this is an artful film that refuses to tell its story using the usual formula .
As Adam pursues his doppelganger across a Toronto of sleek , soulless high-rises , director Denis Villeneuve throws in puzzlingly surreal touches ... What on earth - or , more likely , the subconscious - is going on ?
Gyllenhaal faces the tricky task of conveying the subtle differences of two men whose identities are thrown into flux . The result is his most nuanced performance since playing another sleuth caught out of his depth in Zodiac .
This is a thematically rich psychological thriller which examines identity , responsibility and desire and sets out to disorientate and perplex .
Enemy has morbid elegance to spare , which should guarantee it some long-term cult prestige .
For all its allusions to totalitarianism and the concept of selfhood , this tale of a lecturer who encounters his exact double lacks depth and meaning .
Enemy asks questions of its viewer , but by the time it 's all over - closing with one of the most infuriating final scenes in recent memory - the will to answer them may not be present .
This could be Villeneuve 's most accomplished film so far .
Here geography and psychogeography merge , Antonioni-style , as Adam 's alienated experience plays against wide shots of a chilly , depopulated-looking modernist metropolis ... . Expect many days of deciphering to follow .
The doppelgänger trope may sound well worn but Enemy finds fresh , deeply unnerving ground . And Jake Gyllenhaal gives two spellbinding performances .
Lots of good stuff here , precious little of which has any lasting impact .
Jake Gyllenhaal gives not one magnetic , alert yet opaque performance here . He gives two .
A weird , intriguing tchotchke of a thriller ...
Heavy with symbolism and the subconscious , Villeneuve 's remote style , de-saturated palate and lack of answers make Enemy difficult to love , but it will stay with you .
A powerful and challenging film with a great deal of psychological symbolism . If it 's a hallucination or alternate universe experience is up to you .
One could go back for a second -LRB- and , probably , third -RRB- viewing to try to put the film together , but it 's doubtful they 'd have any desire to .
In one of the most striking and perplexing final scenes of a film in recent memory , Villeneuve 's Enemy is at its most enigmatic .
Jake Gyllenhaal meets his doppelgänger - or maybe it 's also him - and mostly they argue over whether they are secretly -LSB- appropriating -RSB- each other 's female property and so everyone gets extremely upset .
It has the feeling of a film not thought about all the way through , one that seems as though it was improvised scene by scene . There was certainly the start of a good idea in here , it 's just a shame that we do n't get to see it come to life .
Apreciar um filme apenas como experiência narrativa ou pela força de suas atuações não é proibido - e explorar seus temas após a sessão é um esforço intelectual que pode ser imensamente divertido em vez de frustrante .
Enemy lets its audience put the dots together , but every single one of those dots have been completely thought out by Villeneuve and all involved .
An eerie doppelganger drama
I ca n't get Enemy 's peculiar , fevered mood , or the memory of that wackadoo last image , out of my head .
Challenging `` Enemy '' Refuses to Pander
Among all the movies out there about seeing double , this one feels genuinely singular .
Fascinating and frustrating , viewers may find more ` undeciphered ' than ` order ' in its resolution .
A mismatch of ideas OR a brilliant `` art house experiment . '' It may take me a few years to decide which .
There 's some pleasure to be had in the contrast between the grubby worldliness of Villeneuve 's mise en scene ... and the trajectory of Saramago 's doppelgangers .
If their previous collaboration , `` Prisoners , '' was a major-label studio album , than `` Enemy '' is the EP put out on their own label - rougher , less conventionally satisfying , but with a nervy spirit all its own .
Enemy is deliberately enigmatic as it coils itself around your brain and does not let go . Whether you love or hate ambiguous cinema , Enemy will have you talking and the mindboggling film will mull around in your noggin for days to come .
Enemy presents a real puzzle . In fact , it 's so elegantly done at times that you do n't even realize you 're in a puzzle
A feat of sustained tension and unrelieved dread that spins its web of unease with elegantly creepy visuals -LRB- the Toronto sky seems dusted with noxious yellow pollen -RRB- and spooky sound design -LRB- the score consists of nervous strings and sonorous woodwinds -RRB- .
A spooky enigma , more ponderous than provocative , more silly than suspenseful .
The story itself is fascinating , the score is tense and edgy , and the cinematography paints Toronto as a skewed city of angles and facades .
A nifty bit of murky fun rife with unsettling imagery and a sense of taut dread even Alfred Hitchcock would have admired .
Despite some flaws and frustrations , this is one movie whose ending you will not see coming .
eventually spins itself into an overwrought irrelevance .
... a compelling and head-scratching exploration of obsession and paranoia that leaves plenty of angles for post-film chatter .
Is it creepy ? Yes . Is it puzzling ? Yes . Is it disturbing ? Yes . Will it appeal to you ? That 's a hard call , but it will have an appeal to those looking for something out of the ordinary .
Gyllenhaal is impressive in a weirdly original thriller from Villeneuve that trips over its many legs at the finish .
A woozy , danger-infused rumination on identity that triggers tripwires of panic and sexual compulsion , Enemy is like a cold glass of water to the face of cinematic formalism .
Ambiguous to a fault , it 's at least unique and challenging , and in a season largely dominated by imbecilic efforts like Need for Speed and Pompeii -- films that go out of their way to kill precious brain cells -- that certainly counts for something .
Enemy is a bewilderingly skillful metaphysical thriller combining Swiss-watch engineering and surrealism , like one of Dali 's melted timepieces .
Attempts to draw out a thin story that does n't support incessant delay . The movie is frustratingly tedious at times , mistaking stillness for mounting suspense .
Movies about doubles are , almost by definition , creepy , but Villeneuve , not to be outdone , piles on the weirdness .
Captivating adaptation of José Saramago 's novel , The Double .
I wish I had found the meaning of `` Enemy '' or could have enjoyed it , but I wish I could get my time back .
`` Enemy '' is what might happen if someone let Terrence Malick make a `` Twilight Zone '' episode , with a quick rewrite by David Cronenberg .
Despite Gyllenhaal 's twitchy , two-headed performance , `` Enemy '' is hobbled by a genetic flaw : Suspension of disbelief has a twin called suspicion of dumbness .
Denis Villeneuve 's moody , intriguing and , yes , occasionally silly psychological thriller .
The story 's dour flatness keeps it from being as disturbing as it aims to be .
The wan , lifeless palette matches the film 's overarching tone of drained , depressive enervation .
`` Enemy '' may be built more on questions than answers , but in the probing it generates a satisfyingly arch hum of weirdness .
A bravely imaginative , startlingly unnerving , freakily mesmerizing puzzle-box mindbender .
This is fitfully successful as a mood piece , though the dream imagery is heavy-handed , the characters sketchily realized , and the high-toned dialogue comes out stilted more often than not .
A practical joke posing as a brain teaser .
Watching `` Enemy , '' in which Gyllenhaal cleverly delineates the character differences and confidence levels of the two leading roles , it 's clear that the movie is messing with you , in a highly calibrated fashion .
Not just dark but dank , Denis Villeneuve 's `` Enemy '' is a surpassingly creepy film about identity .
Gyllenhaal is terrific in what is essentially a frustrating puzzle without a solution .
`` Enemy '' is quietly and effectively eerie except when it 's idiotic . Oh , well .
... takes a simple , familiar premise and overloads it with atmospheric and existential import .
Enemy feels quite distinctly as a mood piece , a ring of swirling colours and emotions that seems more intent on leaving a mental mark or scar on the viewer than anything resembling a sense of narrative fulfillment .
The movie sticks to you ... and the ending is strange and sudden enough to make you revise , or interrogate , all that has come before .
We ca n't help but refuse to ignore the experience , digging deeper and deeper into the horrors that await us .
Enemy thinks it 's shattering your brain . All it 's really doing is squashing women under the blocky pretense of one self-centered man .
Gyllenhaal sheds any hints of movie star vanity to indulge in this mysterious existential descent into madness .
Like a David Lynch film , with clues , emotions , images , ideas , and sensations coming together for one unique experience , with a bizarre , unforgettable ending .
... a brilliantly complex thriller that does not let the viewer relax one iota .
Villeneuve is a very self-conscious artist whose estimable work descends from the European high-modernist tradition of decades past .
Villeneuve throws meaty clues for us chew on , his direction amplifying the thematic boil while keeping us on the edge of our seats .
Enemy operates on a level of carefully calibrated unease , where the very elusiveness of motivation and logic is exploited for purposes of sustained cinematic disorientation .
Even if `` Enemy '' sometimes goes too far - and , in proffering any kind of internal logic , never goes far enough - it grips your attention from the very first scene . And will haunt you long after its last .
Enemy slowly but surely envelops us , like the web of the spider that seems to be crawling from Adam 's psyche right into the real world .
Gyllenhaal masters the Jekyll and Hyde side of the job by finding the right dynamic with his foil .
Gyllenhaal does an excellent job creating two very different personas for the story . But this means that when the cards are down , all Enemy has in its hand is a single pair .
There is only so much sense a movie like this needs to make , and this one succeeds in being divertingly clever and effectively creepy .
As the questions mount and the plot 's twists get more and more improbable , the director 's fierce control and fine-grained technique grow all the more impressive .
Between Gyllenhaal 's two characters and their two solitudes , Villeneuve creates some delicious tension , laced with humour , and a sense of latent menace that draws us into a web with no exit .
The saving grace of this tricky , unsettling movie is Jake Gyllenhaal 's edgy turn . Or , rather , his two edgy turns .
It does n't add up to much of anything exciting ...
Where -LSB- ` Prisoners ' -RSB- got worse as it got sillier , ` Enemy ' gets better when -LSB- director Denis -RSB- Villeneuve starts having fun .
Gyllenhaal is eloquently subtle , but this muddled identity-thriller relies on misdirection and leaves you feeling not stunned , just cheated .
This puzzling new addition to the doppleganger genre never finds its footing .
Even with a final third that does n't deliver on the setup , the movie more than makes it across the finish line .
The movie is too literal and compartmentalized to take the psychological plunge it seems to constantly be intimating .
Gloriously enigmatic .
Jake Gyllenhaal embodies the two roles with real presence , establishing Adam 's sniveling wimp and Anthony 's striding jerk as two believably discrete sides of the same coin .
... provides few answers to its central mystery but beguiles via a mood of oppressive existential dread .
A great exercise in unconventional film making , and it left me thinking about it long after the film was over .
The end resolution had a cramped quality that I 'm still not sure what to make of , but then again it means that `` Enemy '' is a unique film experience that will be fun to sort out once you 've gone through it for yourself .
The sinister and devious Enemy is an epic mind-screw that crawls around in the dark corners of the psyche like a spider in a dusty attic .
Enemy is a mysterious and strangely atmospheric thriller , but outside of an exceptional dual performance by Jake Gyllenhaal , its enigmatic and nonsensical nature offer very little reason to watch .
... it 's hard to deny that the film , which boasts an impressively memorable final few minutes , lingers in one 's consciousness long after the end credits have rolled .
Mysterious enough that many viewers will insist on seeing it twice .
A highly stylized yet intriguing look at a man coming to terms with his duplicate ... Enemy firmly establishes Villeneuve as one of today 's most truly unique filmmakers .
With Enemy , Denis Villeneuve confidently proves he 's contemporary filmmaking 's ultimate troll .
I kinda dug it but I have no idea if it 's any good or what happened or where I am anymore and what aiiiiiiiieeeeeeee that last sound/shot . WTF
A slow-burning metaphysical thriller that stays one step ahead of its audience .
As hauntingly strange as it is inconclusive and frustrating , Enemy , directed by Denis Villeneuve -LRB- Incendies -RRB- , is one of the more head-scratching additions to the doppelganger genre . Yet it will certainly have its fans .
Might have the scariest ending of any film ever made .
Thick with weighty themes , disquieting portent and anxious tension , Villeneuve ... crafts a gripping slow burn portrait of the male id/ego , our self-destructive tendencies and how they control us .

@highlight

Thanks to a strong performance from Jake Gyllenhaal and smart direction from Denis Villeneuve , Enemy hits the mark as a tense , uncommonly adventurous thriller .