It 's a tad unfortunate to see Aniston hamming it up to the high heavens , doing what she has been doing in rom-coms since , well , forever .
Apart from the pretty faces and the challenges of raising kids , there 's nothing really that would connect with any of us .
No one is actively bad but the film still manages to hit so many jarring notes .
I recommend Mother 's Day to no one , unless you happen to despise your mother and are looking for a passive-aggressive way to communicate your loathing to her .
If you like your films light and bright , without pause for any of the authentically raw emotions that would naturally be associated with any one of these story lines , then go on , take your mum and go see Mother 's Day .
This does n't come across like the kind of movie anyone would want to take their mothers to as a sign of appreciation for giving birth to them . Enough already , Mr. Marshall .
It 's hard to convey what a deeply , deeply cynical film this is .
So kudos , I guess , to Roberts for standing by her man i.e. , the man who handed her a career . But please , let 's consider the debt paid . Her fans ca n't take another one like this - and neither can her career .
Even if stars Jennifer Aniston , Julia Roberts and Kate Hudson are mom 's all-time favorites , do n't subject her to this cloying , plotless dose of saccharine unless she 's done you wrong .
There is less depth to this film than a petrol station greeting card , but it 's essentially harmless .
It 's trite , it 's dumb , it 's woefully unpleasant , it 's racist , and it 's a shame this is the note Garry Marshall has to go out on .
If you really love your parents , as I do , do n't let them spend their hard-earned cash on Marshall 's half-hearted effort .
Mother 's Day is n't just bad , it 's an unforgivable blot on the cinematic landscape .
Want some racism and sexism with your holiday celebration ? The repellent Mother 's Day has a surprising , distasteful , and shameful amount of both .
I did have to issue a warning to my mother in case she planned a movie night out with friends or her sisters this holiday weekend : If you 're going to see something for Mother 's Day ... do n't see Mother 's Day .
... aggressively tries to jerk tears at every opportunity by peddling cheap platitudes and sappy contrivances .
It 's tiresome stuff for the most part , but there are a few genuinely funny scenes , and even in muck like this , Ms Aniston shines .
Avoid at all costs .
Alleged comedy relief comes in the form of racist jokes and gags about the male fear of sanitary products . You have been warned .
Everything is spelt out so blatantly , it 's as if the filmmakers assume their audience - mummies - are so brain dead with child rearing they ca n't be expected to understand anything .
A sentimental mixture of patronising farce and cringeworthy platitudes .
There 's very little that is natural about the storytelling in this crudely conceived , genetically engineered monster of a narrative . And there is no insight into motherhood that you could n't find in a pound shop greeting card .
The movie Mother 's Day is so godawful , it does n't just give the titular holiday a bad name , it might actually give mothers a bad name .
Mother 's Day is less a film and more a selection box of clichés .
By definition , a romcom should be at least a touch romantic and amusing but this manages to be neither .
Claims to explore different aspects of motherhood , but does so as profoundly as a toddler with a plastic spade explores for treasure .
Producer Michael Karz ascertains that `` When you see a Garry Marshall movie , you know you 're going to leave happy '' . Make that suicidal .
The plotting is contrived and the characters speak in melodramatic psycho-babble .
In the end , this unbearably sentimental film offers a rare chance to see several romantic comedy queens share the screen , but very little else .
It 's as feelgood and life-affirming as a fire in an asbestos factory neighbouring a children 's hospital .
Garry Marshall 's latest ensemble comedy once again charts the build-up to the annual special occasion of its title in the lives of a variety of blithering idiots .
The film effectively amounts to a cringe inducing live adaptation of a Hallmarks card
This is comfortably the worst of Marshall 's holiday-themed movies , and that 's really saying something . Avoid like your life depends on it .
For anyone with a modicum of good taste or a healthy cynicism , Mother 's Day will be excruciating .
Quality levels are dangerously low , yet entertainment value is rather high .
Garry Marshall 's run of somewhat successful holiday-themed films comes to a definitive end with Mother 's Day ...
Case has the fakest tears in cinema history , while Aniston tries to make us laugh but fails . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The cinematic equivalent of spilling boiling hot coffee on your mother when you bring her burnt toast for breakfast in bed .
A lot of motherly stereotypes , obvious morals and corny phrases , make this film the worst example to exalt motherhood . -LSB- Full review in spanish -RSB-
Another pleasant , holiday themed , totally innocuous , multi-story family friendly comedy by veteran director Garry Marshall . The one big difference here , though , is that this film has been hated upon so much you 'd think it was neo-Nazi propaganda .
A graceless comedy filled with cliches and stereotypes to ground it 's humor , it also abuses slapstick . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An echo chamber of botched gags gibbered by idiotic caricatures who are intended to come off as naturally wacky , but appear to be clinically insane .
Composed by four stories so lightly connected and with pretty irregular results even though it entertains . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Another day off assembly movie , but this time the plot is so simple and predictable , there is no surprises . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There are moments in `` Mother 's Day '' where the film grabs comedy 's hair , pulls back its head and slits its throat .
Mother 's Day is a 50/50 proposition , like cooking dinner for your mum but making her do the dishes .
A hodgepodge of irrelevant -LRB- at best -RRB- and nonsensical -LRB- mostly -RRB- story-lines with absurd dialogues , Mother 's Day lands somewhere between a mean joke and a cinematic WTF .
Smug , cloying , shameless , false and sickly-sweet .
Whether you want to take your mother to see it is something only you can know .
This film is like a Hallmark card without a name . Superficial , predictable and generic . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Unless you 're a fan of Marshall 's previous films , I 'd suggest focusing on making your own memories this Mother 's Day .
As flimsy and trite as a Hallmark card .
Unfortunately , the drama is lightweight to go along with the comedy that produces few laughs .
Marshall really should have called this mess Grandmother 's Day , because it 's aimed at people who have n't seen a movie since 1972 .
So , what 's next ? A movie about April Fool 's Day ?
Sappy , disengaging , unrewarding and ultimately lifeless .
The relationships are too forced and the emotional scenes are too cheesy . Still Aniston and Roberts deliver the goods .
Labor Day ? That title 's taken . Groundhog Day ? And again . Friday The 13th ? Um ... hey yeah , that could work !
Simplistic , contrived and schmaltzy , this is a film that has good intentions -LRB- celebrating mothers -RRB- but lacks the ambition to offer up anything thoughtful or worthwhile .
Mother 's Day might be trying to show how diverse and progressive it is in representing every kind of family , but it 's a laugh track away from Three 's Company levels of subterfuge .
There 's only a token black character in a movie set in Atlanta , where blacks outnumber whites by no small margin - Georgia 's film tax credits must be incentive to lure more white people into the city .
Syrupy , manipulative and predictable , Mother 's Day smacks of every commercial contrivance with its meshing stories about every kind of mother found in Forrest Gump 's box of chocolates . It 's a pity to see an excellent cast wasted on such mush
A cringe-worthy confection ... Mom deserves better .
More like ` Trash Day ' ... One shudders at the thought of how terrible further installments might be .
It 's fine that the makeshift trilogy -LRB- please , let it only be a trilogy -RRB- is a simple-minded ode to love meant to send everyone home happy . So why does n't it actually send anyone home happy ?
It 's one sit-com gag after another , and it 's so tiresome , the only thing that holds your interest is the packaging : the perfectly ironed plaid shirts that Sudeikis sports in every scene and the high-end spandex supporting Aniston 's cleavage ...
Like the recent My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 , Mother 's Day '' is a movie for a particular audience . You know who you are .
MOTHER 'S DAY is the worst kind of romantic comedy . It 's soulless , uninspired and void of any real laughs .
Garry Marshall remains a Hollywood player , churning out a series of ensemble romantic dramedies so unapologetically mainstream they 're almost exotic .
It 's a hopeless task to point out incessant clichés , formulaic story structure and sappy nonsense that cheerfully take up residence in the Garry Marshall Experience
Mother 's Day begs the question : Why do these movies keep happening ?
Aniston does the heavy lifting , carrying Mother 's Day on her sturdy shoulders whether with slapstick , superbly paced comic repartee or anxiously dealing with the very real threat of another woman horning in on her relationship with her sons .
Even with a reduced cast list , Mother 's Day feels both overstuffed and undernourished , filled with subplots that simply do n't need to exist .
This idea was a shallow well when it first started ; three trips to it has basically emptied all the water out .
A batch of skilled actresses - led by Jennifer Aniston , Kate Hudson , and Julia Roberts - come together for this old-fashioned -LRB- a nicer word than `` dated '' -RRB- comedy about motherhood .
Only Aniston 's comic timing lifts these dire proceedings up , but the load is too heavy for anyone to bear .
The cast does its best with what they are given , even if what they are given are often flat jokes .
It does inspire the kind of holy terror that you feel all the way down to your bones , or the revolted tingling that strikes one at a karaoke performance gone tragically wrong .
Gary Marshall has apparently morphed from comedic movie director to rabbi , because this preaches a plethora of politically correct Hollywood Values with not one laugh in sight .
Marshall 's worst film , making dreck like `` Raising Helen , '' `` The Other Sister , '' and `` Georgia Rule '' feel like summer vacations next to this appallingly idiotic and insulting picture .
`` Mother 's Day '' is a total mess , but what 's truly offensive is that they did n't even try to make this cynical , post-Sunday brunch cash grab even remotely watchable . Your mom deserves so much better this Mother 's Day .
Diabolically , Garry Marshall smashes yet another national holiday to pieces with this banal , surprisingly offensive ensemble comedy .
All-star ensemble comedy 's predictable jokes make it stale .
With way too much going on , this movie at two hours feels a lot more like three .
`` Mother 's Day '' does n't go for the cheap laughs right out of the gate . Instead , we are given the opportunity to get to know the characters .
Perhaps it 's time for Mr. Marshall to retire the idea of holiday movies . Or perhaps it 's simply time to retire ?
Director Garry Marshall is a menace . He keeps killing holidays with all-star comedies in which a laugh would die of loneliness . Note to Marshall : Keep your mitts off Father 's Day .
Marshall completely misses the point of making a movie about Mother 's Day . Yes , each segment does address parenting , but none hit home in a way that makes you want to call your own mother to tell her how much you love and appreciate her .
It 's difficult to determine which is more groan-worthy : the laugh-less jokes ... or the aggressive attempts to yank the audience 's heartstrings from their rib cages .
It 's marketed as a twinkly rom-com , but it 's about as depressing as ` Requiem for a Dream ' .
What you 'll end up losing is around two hours of your life , never to get those minutes , dead nerve endings in your rear or fried brain cells in your noggin ' back again . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sex , Profanity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
The film equivalent of the KKK projectile vomiting onto celluloid while a group of men attempt to write a screenplay about women with their privates .
Get ready for the bland !
The large , talented cast has little to do but go with the flow of the overly sweetened , sentimental twists and turns , but the sap eventually sucks all of them under .
Mother 's Day is a concocted market-driven holiday , and so is this M&M 's - obsessed movie - candy for the sweet-toothed among us .
`` Mother 's Day '' is not a tribute to mothers . It 's an insult to everyone .
No human being is quite human . No adult is quite adult . No situation completely makes sense . But the overall aura is kind of ... welcoming . It 's impossible to take seriously , but easy to take .
It 's worth asking whether Marshall and his cronies constitute some kind of hostage-taking Hollywood mafia , forever calling in favors to get another vanity project running .
These characters are so paper-thin it 's surprising they even have names .
Almost entirely bereft of charm or credibility , `` Mother 's Day '' is so out of touch it might as well take place on a faraway planet where the inhabitants look human and have names , but are otherwise blank robotic slates .
A barely directed , indifferently acted , carelessly constructed comedy that slops together some of Hollywood 's biggest names into one bad meat loaf of a movie .
A clone of another clone of another clone : a big ensemble cast , feel good vibe , disparity between characters that will end up together ... That 's Marshall 's cinema . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Unless your mom has an extremely low bar for movie satisfaction , it 's best to do her a favor and skip a date to Mother 's Day .
If you love your mother , do not make her see this movie .
There are a few moments of genuine emotion , mostly created by Robertson and Whitehall , but they are lone flowers in a desert of sitcom contrivance .
Directed by Garry Marshall , who died 15 years ago but whose body has continued to make movies as an autonomic response .
Each of Marshall 's holiday movies feels the need to be more and more over-the-top and less and less real .
From awkward start to merciful finish , `` Mother 's Day '' is a grim , listless affair ...
No one 's asking Mother 's Day to be a masterpiece , but it does n't even manage the hokey `` aw '' that 's the reason a movie like this exists .
It is with a heavy heart I ask , `` how does a script like this even make it to the big screen ? ''
Like just about everything else in Mother 's Day , the nod to the earlier movies are clumsy and pointless and obvious .
The characters do not even rise to the level of stereotypes and the storylines could n't fill a fortune cookie .
There are laughs , albeit inadvertent ; the biggest comes courtesy of the production 's no-doubt overworked sound department , when Ms. Robertson utters `` I have abandonment issues '' without moving her mouth .
You can survive this comedy , which was directed by Garry Marshall and written by too many people to shame by naming , but only if you 're immune to febrile calculation complicated by chronic ineptitude .
It 's like a nightmare in which you are trapped in an endless Kmart aisle of horrible holiday cards .
The cinematic equivalent of a paper plate with macaroni and glitter haphazardly glued onto it , `` Mother 's Day '' is a film only its creators could love -LRB- and even they must be having some misgivings -RRB- .
The problem with this type of movie is ingrained in the structure : There 's so much going on that there 's no time to build characters that make sense or any sort of meaningful relationships .
Taking your mom to see `` Mother 's Day '' might sound like a great idea , but by the time it 's over she may be ready to disown you .
four terrible movies in one
Mother 's Day is garbage , but it 's a wholesome type of garbage they just do n't make anymore .
The cinematic equivalent of a greeting card with a dumb , inoffensive joke you hastily grab at your local Hallmark . Actually , maybe it is n't quite up to those heights .
A better movie than it 's like-minded comedies , yet still a bad movie in its own right . Do with that information what you will .
Marshall uses the same formula of blending together multiple story lines for his light comedy Mother 's Day , but this time has better defined the plot and embraced the emotion . It 's not perfect , but it 's a sweet Mother 's Day gift .
Too innocuous to inspire actual rage yet too utterly tepid and bland to elicit a single laugh .
Less funny than the last movie titled Mother 's Day , and that was a violent horror film .
Mother 's Day seems more like a contractual commitment than a creative exercise .
The film is so labyrinthine it 's scattershot -- introducing new characters only to forget about them until it 's convenient to revisit -- which renders the film entirely forgettable .
A movie not even a mother could love .
Atrociously written , begrudgingly acted , haphazardly assembled and never more backward than when it thinks it 's being progressive ...
When Aniston 's character casually mentions Groundhog Day and Flag Day in conversation , I immediately thought to myself , `` Be quiet , you , or Garry Marshall will get even more bad ideas . ''
Mother 's Day does n't feel like a movie so much as it does a cinematic adaptation of Walmart .
Sure , you 'll forget all about it a week after you 've seen it , but it 's mostly pleasant and occasionally touching , even though it 's a lot closer to an episode of `` The Love Boat '' than `` Love Actually . ''
Mother 's Day is an abysmal mess , a misconceived symphony of artificial emotions playing our heart strings with a sledgehammer .
There 's so much happening with so many characters in this movie that the law of averages dictates there will be at least four funny lines or bits . There were perhaps three .
Mom might say , `` Well , it 's the thought that counts , dear . '' But take her to this holiday omnibus , and you 'll run the risk of having her think you 're as lazy as the movie .
A movie so far up its own posterior that it includes the threatening exchange ` They made a womb float for Mother 's Day ? ' ` I ca n't wait to see what they do for Father 's Day ! ' Well , I can .
A film so awful that if one were to put up a list of the great films celebrating motherhood , it would rank considerably lower than the Gus van Sant version of `` Psycho . ''
A two-hour movie so forgettable that I 'm not convinced it actually exists .
Like its predecessors , Mother 's Day is the movie equivalent of a bargain-bin greeting card , expressing only the most superficial , generic sentiments .
The kind of movie where even if you enjoy some of the trite humor you still believe that most of the actors on screen are too good to be there .
These movies are the Avengers of the romcom world .
Maudlin and mawkish , sappy and sentimental with barely a laugh in it before the outtakes that fill the closing credits .
Following the lazy formula the director laid down in `` Valentine 's Day '' and `` New Year 's Eve , '' Marshall and his writers line up a bunch of stars , set up some basic sitcom situations , then hope audiences are in the right holiday spirit .
A romantic comedy with dramatic overtones saturated with stereotypical beings , a few funny situations , some inevitable entanglements and the redemption of all . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Usually , the problem with these films is that there 's no time to really get invested in the characters , but Marshall deals with it in the best way . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-


@highlight

Arguably well-intended yet thoroughly misguided , Mother 's Day is the cinematic equivalent of a last-minute gift that only underscores its embarrassing lack of effort .