It is a bold and masterful film , and Redford is great .
Its lack of detail and substance might be aggravating to some viewers , but the blank palette puts you in a position to run free with your own interpretation , and I have a tough time believing that was n't director J.C. Chandor 's intention all along .
There 's almost no dialogue and yet it grips from damp beginning to seriously watery end .
Powerful .
Even with the boring bits , it 's a solid A of a movie , a top-tenner for sure .
All Is Lost is a testament to the possibilities of digital cinema : a film like this , shot in such close confines , simply could n't be made with anything other than lightweight , handheld cameras .
As grim and hopeless as things could possibly get in a movie called All Is Lost , the movie is essentially about perseverance : playing it smart , staying safe and not giving up until -- well , see the title .
A vital , exciting piece of work from Mr. Redford , an actor whom you 'd have been forgiven for counting out by now .
The success of All Is Lost is to be a physical film that ends up with emotional reverberation , right down to the last shot that engulfs us and Our Man in the depths of the ocean , with only a faint light shining from above .
Like Gravity , this actually offers the greatest story of them all : one person 's fight to stay alive .
All is Lost is outstanding and so the collaboration between Redford and writer/director J.C Chandor .
Frank G. DeMarco and Peter Zuccarini , dual cinematographers , gather gorgeous imagery especially those captured from beneath the ocean 's surface .
Chandor never overplays his hand , and in doing so he creates a worthy portrait of a man in a dire situation that resonates with us all .
once Robert Redford is on screen , his muted , exasperated , hopeful performance is an exemplar of the physical . Our Man seems a man of reckless wealth and expansive estrangement : why is he at sea ? Begging the larger question , why are we all at sea ?
A commanding performance by Robert Redford with nary a word spoken . It makes up for the somewhat tedious running time .
Superb , a brilliantly conceived , first-person masterpiece , totally immersive and compelling from first frame to last . It 's easily one of the best survival films ever made , even with Gravity dominating everybody 's praise .
O rosto envelhecido , marcado e expressivo -LRB- e ainda belo -RRB- de Redford comunica uma infinidade de ideias e sentimentos com o mínimo esforço .
Mark his name down as one to watch . Chandor could potentially turn out to be as fresh and innovative a talent of the likes of Christopher Nolan and Spike Jonze in the near future .
This works just fine viewed as a stripped back tale of survival against the odds . The ending is the only moment where the metaphorical comes to the fore , and even then it 's really just a matter of how literally you want to take the title .
This film makes an excellent case that sometimes less can be so much more .
A subtle meditation on mind , body and spirit that 's imbued with an aching amount of futility and loneliness
The low tech nature of All is Lost accentuates the primal -LRB- physical -RRB- nature of this struggle , while the technical prowess of Gravity emphasizes its more metaphysical -LRB- and less interesting -RRB- nature
All is Lost makes the familiar strikingly new . The filmmaker and his star hold their nerve , refusing easy outs and making you look - and listen - carefully to a starkly pure piece of cinema .
If you 're slightly intrigued by the premise , find the time to see All Is Lost . It 's taking a chance and trying to give us something different .
Full of detail , the film is almost claustrophobic at times as we stay inside the cabin of the yacht while the ocean heaves outside , the wind howls , the boat shrieks ... it 's a unique work
Uncluttered by narrative or dialogue , Robert Redford gives an astounding performance - spending most of the film literally and psychologically hanging on
It 's a rare example of pure cinema , and that , in itself , gives it a stature to which few Hollywood films these days aspire .
Chandor has produced a minimalist gem .
This is the most compelling tale of nautical peril since Steven Spielberg 's Jaws .
` Captain Phillips ' was n't the only see-worthy vessel of 2013 .
We -LRB- and he -RRB- know he 's screwed . The tension comes from establishing just how badly .
Chandor clearly wanted to make something powerful and engrossing , but due to the simplistic nature of the film , what he ended up with was something dull and forgettable .
The film attains an operatic grandeur in its closing moments , and surprisingly earns it : Chandor 's intensely physical , experiential work has brought us right up to the perilous edge between life and death .
The most remarkable feat in J.C. Chandor 's stranded-in-the-sea survival story All Is Lost is star Robert Redford 's ability to shave on open water .
The Old Man IN the Sea !
-LRB- Redford -RRB- is quite effective in the film 's slower moments , while thoroughly rattled when reacting to the elements .
So threadbare that there 's nothing to grasp onto to care about .
We 've seen this story before , but Chandor dares to construct it so far from convention , and , surprisingly , it resonates come closer to home in the process .
A drama full of intrigue , built on close identification with the imperilled floater .
Gravity 's great weakness was the unnecessarily abundant corny dialogue . All Is Lost is makes no such compromises .
As the film goes on , we see Redford in a new light . A light dimmer and paler and murkier . Once a golden god on screen , there now remains a hobbled everyman .
Who is this sailor ? Where does he come from ? Chandor never sees fit to tell us . His hero remains a deliberate stencil , defined solely by the crisis around him and the actions he takes .
the film generates a wonderful sense of claustrophobia on the open sea . Imagine a movie with the lyrical beauty of a Terrence Malick project crossed with the virtuosity of Tom Hanks in Cast Away .
Technically , this is a hugely impressive film but it still left me feeling a little underwhelmed .
-LSB- Redford -RSB- speaks barely a handful of lines in All Is Lost , but the film still manages to feel like an internal monologue , a conversation between one man and himself .
The utter solitude is almost vertiginous .
Chandor 's movie gives us the Hemingwayish essentials and then some .
There 's something powerful lurking in the deep .
Impressively paced and superbly shot , this is a powerful and ultimately terrifying drama with stunning sound design work and an Oscar-worthy performance from Robert Redford .
At a time when filmmakers are desperately throwing everything at the screen and seeing what sticks , it 's refreshing to see a film like All Is Lost come along and turn the more-is-more formula on its head .
This beautifully-directed drama succeeds to a certain experimental extent but drags on for a bit too long .
If you are a big Robert Redford fan you should eat this movie up since he is the only person in the movie . The downside , he is the only person in the movie .
With no 3D , no friends and no hope , Redford and Chandor show how survivalist instincts can stoke thrilling , thoughtful cinema .
A very beautiful and intense piece of survival drama ...
After the award-winning Margin Call , writer-director J.C. Chandor shifts gears completely for this fiercely detailed one-man survival drama .
-LSB- Redford -RSB- gives a commanding performance as the nameless protagonist that makes the complete lack of characterisation an irrelevance .
All Is Lost is very pure film-making , set entirely on the water , without dialogue , just showing us the man 's fight to survive from moment to moment .
the Cliffs Notes version of the deeper , more profound character study that never transpires on-screen
This is one man , alone , facing death . Redford is playing himself , and he 's not playing around .
It 's the detail and precision of his storytelling style that makes All Is Lost so engrossing .
-LSB- Redford -RSB- brings both physicality and emotion to the role , subtly shifting from anger to surprise to despair . It 's a completely naturalistic performance , stripped of ego or artifice , and you often forget you 're watching a Hollywood icon .
It 's not as tense as Gravity , but just as suspenseful , and almost as exhilarating .
Stylistically it 's a serious about-face from director J. C. Chandor , whose excellent debut feature Margin Call was stuffed with actors as Wall Street types talking a mile a minute .
A triumph of pure cinema and wonderful visual storytelling from Chandor , who must now be considered the real deal , while Redford is sublime in what could well be the performance of his career .
All is Lost is superior craftsmanship on the part of the filmmaker and his star , making a late-in-life `` coming of age '' story that transitions into a man 's twilight and burns bright .
All Is Lost boils down the art of filmmaking to the essential parts , making even the slightest decisions evident and powerful .
As written and directed by young American filmmaker J.C. Chandor , All is Lost is a classic case of man-against-nature .
Even Redford bailing water for 106 minutes can be a bit much .
The movie has the feel of a beautifully conceived and elegantly composed short story with a remarkable and consistently surprising degree of emotional resonance .
if the film maintains our attention , it is simply because we connect with the base desire to survive , which embodied by someone like Robert Redford becomes all the more gripping
This is an uncommonly absorbing movie .
-LSB- Redford -RSB- barely utters a word and yet manages to give one of the finest performances of his long career .
a film of action and suspense with no guns and no villains but the sea and an inevitable death .
The key ingredient to the film 's success is Redford 's vulnerability . He 's trying so desperately to stay alive that he has few moments for reflection , but they register - and all without the aid of dialogue .
The movie pares its man-vs . - the elements , man-vs . - himself theme to the barest bones , yet it 's timely as well as timeless , as Chandor acknowledges the coldness of the corporate as well as natural environment .
All Is Lost should have been a movie that has you thinking for days ; instead it ends with a brief sigh of relief and a shrug .
Low on narrative but an exciting , incredibly filmed misadventure nonetheless .
Redford 's now leathery exterior is in such contrast to his once striking youthful good looks yet there is still beauty in that well worn face .
This shipwreck is n't a train wreck by any means , but , in the case of the writer-director 's sophomore outing , less really is less . All Is Lost winds up nautical miles from all it might have been .
Nobody else appears on screen with Redford and there is almost no dialog in the film . This is a one man show . One man against the sea .
A spectacular , galvanizing display of how this one-time Hollywood `` golden boy , '' now 77 , can still commandeer the screen .
Even ` The Old Man and the Sea ' had more meat on it . That , of course , is a huge compliment .
This unusual film has a good chance of taking you along for its ride even though you might wonder how such a slight film could hold your attention .
Robert 's Redford has two-lines in the whole movie but his acting is still incredible . The movie is n't .
The vacuum-sealed status of this man admittedly places some distance between him and viewers , although the presence of Redford in the role goes a long way toward closing the gap .
Even if it 's not the greatest movie of the year , All Is Lost is certainly one of the most unique movies of the year .
Though a picture may not really be worth a thousand words , striking images can hold our attention when no words are forthcoming .
Five minutes alone with him in All Is Lost will make you feel like a chump for ever suspecting -LSB- Redford -RSB- was done for . The charisma never went away ; it 's only aged into a very fine vintage , indeed .
A gripping exercise in visual storytelling .
You would think a movie packed with scenes like `` Redford repairs a hole in a boat , '' `` Redford inventories supplies '' and `` Redford eats some beans out of a can '' would make for tedious viewing , and yet I was transfixed .
Redford does a fantastic job of conveying every nuance of emotion in his character with just a look or a gesture .
It 's great to see Robert Redford caring enough to dig deep enough for this kind of performance this late in his career .
J.C. Chandor wrote and directed `` All Is Lost , '' but Robert Redford owns it .
An Amazing Minimalist Turn from Redford .
`` All is Lost '' is disciplined , elemental filmmaking built around a disciplined , elemental performance , and it 's one of the best films of the year .
We get the predictable plot points - storms , sharks , close calls with passing ships - but it feels like a uniquely handmade artifact .
It 's supremely skillful acting reminiscent of his memorable turn more than 40 years ago as the mountain man of few words fighting to survive in Jeremiah Johnson .
All is Lost is a testament to a great actor , an experimental piece of cinema and a bit of a bore .
It 's just humanity at its most basic .
A surprisingly successful stunt . How successful it is will vary from viewer to viewer .
Working only with a sinking boat , a willing star , and the open water , and the helmer is able to create one of the most suspenseful , striking features of 2013 .
Writer/director J.C. Chandor crafts a survival tale that is as tumultuous emotionally as it is environmentally , amply proving that audiences do not need complicated plotting or reams of exposition in order to care for the people they 're watching .
Redford sails alone , but no man is an island
Can resourcefulness conquer bad luck ?
A survival story that eschews melodramatic exaggeration in favor of a straightforward approach that extends to Redford 's understated yet authoritative performance .
From the moment Our Man awakens to discover he 's stranded at sea , to its Rorschach conclusion - what do you see , and what does that say about you ? - All Is Lost is both practical and spiritual , now and Zen .
The ordeal envelops us with each roll of the waves .
As a solo sailor on a hostile sea , Robert Redford does n't so much play to the camera , as tolerate it , showing that , even at 77 , he 's so much more than a pretty face , a buttery voice and an athletic physique .
A gripping one-man show
... a bracing nautical adventure . Think ` Old Man and the Sea ' by way of ` The Perfect Storm ' ... Redford in a revelatory performance , maybe his best ever .
An impressively audacious effort ...
A noble-minded , but only partly successful film - one that will probably be a riveting moviegoing experience for some , but an unsatisfying trip across the ocean for others .
Robert Redford 's acting career has been sending out an S.O.S. for years.Finally , someone has tossed him a lifeline .
As a rugged yet wise exploration of manhood and mortality , All Is Lost gives great Hemingway .
All Is Lost is very much Redford 's triumph . His turn is n't pure disappearance so much as a brilliantly human example of cresting and plummeting , cresting and plummeting .
The acting is note-perfect , a career performance from a man who has been in the business for more than 50 years .
An intense thriller that keeps the audience gripped with fear , despair and hope .
`` All is Lost '' is a unique cinematic experience that should be seen on the big screen .
A marvel of minimalist film-making , a great , iconic actor in a virtual silent film .
The movie is rigorous , serious and well-crafted , with Redford holding the screen using only his economical emotional reactions and physical presence .
Redford 's amazing , nuanced and heartbreaking but never showy performance , arguably his best in his very long and varied career . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
For all its formal austerity , All Is Lost also offers itself as a widescreen multiplex attraction , keeping all eyes glued on Our Man 's dilemma , and every mind wondering if he 'll manage to cheat death .
Eventually , even the effort to survive becomes questionable . We are all isolated , we all succumb at some point . `` All Is Lost '' studies that point .
Too Adrift
Jostling around on the same flat level , spurts of interest coming but few and far between , `` All Is Lost '' should send one away with a dropped , unsettled stomach . Instead , it does n't elicit much more than a shrug .
Redford could win first Best Actor Oscar of his great career .
-LSB- Chandor -RSB- 's made an old man 's movie , with real perspective about how we face things once we reach a certain point in our lives , but with all the passion and creative daring that young men bring to the table .
All is Lost is about how human nature rebels against death , even when all hope is vanquished by adverse circumstances .
This is a beautiful portrayal of not just the human spirit , but what our meager species goes through just to keep drawing breath .
Chandor and Redford make every moment matter in this fascinating film -LRB- despite an ending that will divide audiences -RRB- .
The real victory in All Is Lost is how much Chandor is able to communicate about the human spirit with so few strokes .
Robert Redford 's true grit and some wizardly images , not the script , are what make this one-man survival epic ineluctably compelling .
One actor . One setting . No back story . No dialogue . One hell of a movie .
Even at the age of 77 , Redford can command a screen , and he 's the main reason to watch this man-against-nature story .
Both a thrilling adventure and a subtle character portrait , `` All Is Lost '' is the best Redford movie since his brilliant `` All the President 's Men '' 37 years ago .
Redford brings the watchfulness that has served him so well to every moment of `` All Is Lost , '' infusing what is already a perfectly entertaining adventure with rich veins of symbolism and meta-meaning .
Although you may never be bored with `` All Is Lost , '' you are rarely fully engaged .
Redford is n't precisely stretching his range as an actor here or revealing a new side to us . Rather , he 's finding the cleanest , clearest way to express a quiet man 's wiles and resources .
All is Lost does not move at a brisk clip , or a tedious drag . Chandor knows exactly the proper speed of each scene and carries it out with Pete Beaudreau 's editing in appropriate sync .
The human drive to survive is what fuels this story of resilience and perseverance .
A showcase for Robert Redford like he has n't had in years and further proof that the writer/director of `` Margin Call '' is one to watch .
This is gripping as an adventure story even if does n't achieve the profundity to which it aspires .
Burning with a young man 's vigor and stripped bare of every ounce of celebrity , Redford commands the screen and drags us into the watery ordeal with him .
A nearly perfect thing : Economic , elegant , and elemental , it 's a cleanly observed tale of one man trying , choice by choice , to keep the odds going in his favor .
An ocean of metaphor .
As a `` man vs. wild '' adventure in the Jack London mode ... All is Lost has plenty of fearsome moments , but the deeper fears are existential : man in mortal contention with an indifferent universe .
In a sense , it 's the simplest thing in storytelling to create a character in peril that an audience can relate to . But to pull it off like this demonstrates astonishing maturity in -LSB- Chandor 's -RSB- craft .
In lesser hands , his character 's ordeal might have been portrayed with big punctuation marks and dramatic flourishes . Redford 's reactions are honest , in tune with a man of the sea .
When did Robert Redford turn into the male Sandra Bullock ?
I ultimately admired it more as a high degree-of-difficulty achievement than as a film
As an actor , Redford feels impenetrable which may be why it 's easy to project yourself onto him , but the title , like the protagonist , stands like a dare to reverse fate .
In the late 1960s and early '70s , a young Robert Redford proved he could hold his own , on his own , against nature and the screen with ` Downhill Racer ' and ` Jeremiah Johnson . ' Four decades later he 's still proving it with the thrilling ` All Is Lost . '
Robert Redford gives the performance of his life in this one man show brilliantly directed by J.C.Chandor . It 's a towering achievement for both of them .
The sort of unique , uncompromising movie that immediately undercuts the ` They do n't make em like they used to ' complaints .
It makes for an ambitious experiment even if the drama is n't always compelling . Yet the result is quietly powerful and never becomes waterlogged .
Redford is the film 's most credible ingredient of all ; in many key scenes it is evident that he is performing his own stunts .
A beautifully gripping survivalist story .
J.C. Chandor knows what a jewel he has in Redford , and he creates an appropriately simple , transparent setting .
I was completely absorbed throughout All is Lost and appreciated the skill with which Chandor brought his very specific vision to life .
This steadily absorbing man-adrift-on-a-damaged-sailboat saga has possibly the three most suspenseful sequences of the year .
Redford gives a performance from which all vanity has been stripped away .
Chandor , within the confines he has set for himself , has done an excellent job of locking us into his hero 's predicament .
It seems more determined to impress than to entertain . However , it succeeds wildly on the first count , which may make it worth seeing for many adventurous teens and parents .
Redford 's voice might be largely silent , but the soul is there and the magnitude of all that is lost hits home .
Here is a formidable opus whose real spiritual relative is Tennyson 's `` Ulysses '' . Yes . `` All is Lost '' is that good .
... a surprisingly unsparing and rigorous piece of work , tinged with an unsentimental fatalism .
A gripping experience ... with its circling sharks , its sun-dappled beauty and its agonies of shattered hope .
A fascinating voyage across a vast ocean , and into the great uncharted waters of our selves .
Palpably suspenseful , engrossing , bold and intelligent . It 's a new American classic that will be remembered for many years to come . Robert Redford delivers a tour de force performance .
It would be one thing if All is Lost merely pulled you in with a firm grip and true skill ; what 's even more impressive is what it says to you once it has you in its grasp .
`` All Is Lost , '' which is only Chandor 's second film , reveals itself as remarkably skillful , surprisingly insightful and deeply moving .
Chandor proves that the elements , combined with the varied and subtle talents of a veteran actor , are all that is needed to make a captivating , nail-biting thriller .
I bought in-much to my surprise , since it promised to be a stunt-and far from feeling any remorse , I grew more invested as the going got rough .
An action movie in the most profound and exalted sense of the term ...
Like the best of the genre , its relentless focus on the material and the practical also gestures subtly at a life of the soul , however battered .
After being Oscar nominated for his first film 's screenplay , writer/director J.C. Chandor -LRB- `` Margin Call '' -RRB- leapfrogs forward with his second , which , ironically , features only one voice over and two instances of dialogue , one consisting of only one word .
Redford reconfirms his legend without resorting to movie myth
It 's just a guy . On a boat . For 107 minutes . And every one of those minutes is riveting .
Like `` Gravity '' , a film about survival that opens to great acclaim -- in this case well-deserved .
Who is `` Our Man '' ? What did he do in life ? Why was he out there ? It does n't matter . All that matters is this moment , and the next moment , and the moment after that .
There is incredible tension in this ordeal , this effort to survive , to find rescue , and Redford - an icon of the American film experience for more than half a century now - makes that tension deeply palpable .
Redford , who can play intelligence , wit and nuance to a camera like nobody 's business , holds us in his grip . It 's a master class in acting .
I respect what it 's trying to do , and its attempts to overcome the constraints it gave itself . But it evaporates the minute it 's over . It 's a noble , and failed , experiment .
This is only the second film by Chandor , and he works in a style of great purity . There 's hardly a ` movieish ' moment to speak of in All Is Lost .
The approach results in one scene of heart-in-throat action after another , with Chandor 's immersive approach shoring up Redford 's remarkable , understated performance .
The feeling of doom , whether personal or planetary , is today pervasive . But All Is Lost , in the end , is a stirring , repudiation of its own title .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Robert Redford gives the finest performance of his career in writer-director J.C. Chandor 's literal and metaphorical tale of one man 's attempts to survive on the high seas .
Goodness knows what this movie would be like without the brute force of Mr. Redford 's intelligence , focus and self-confidence .
Redford 's finest hour .
Stranded and alone as he battles the stormy sea and his mortality , Robert Redford delivers a commanding lead performance in All Is Lost , a nearly wordless but captivating drama from J.C. Chandor .
The will to survive is moving enough-here it is , stripped to its elements , and if you ca n't bring yourself to care about something that simple then the problem is you , not the movies .
It 's the salvation of the moviegoing year .
Even as All Is Lost expands Chandor 's range with a far more engaging and determined work , the true auteur of All Is Lost is Redford himself .
It 's nothing new to watch an impressive survival story onscreen , but rare to see it done this well .
Redford gives the kind of career-capping performance many of his contemporaries could only dream of .
All Is Lost has moments of beauty , but the movie as a whole feels detached , almost clinical .
A mesmerizing , compelling and deeply profound high-seas adventure in which Robert Redford gives one of the most fulfilling and rewarding performances of his career .
A bravura performance in a gripping film that joins Gravity in the competition to be the year 's most harrowing .
Despite all those critical hosannas coming out of Cannes , the movie stalls in the doldrums .
More than a dandy counterpoint to the megahit Gravity , J.C Chandor 's thrilling adventure is also a remarkable existential ride .
Chandor , who demonstrated a vivid talent for dialogue , mood , and characterization in the Wall Street meltdown movie Margin Call , here displays an ability to furiously carve up and then integrate a confined space .
An impressively spare , nearly dialogue-free stranded-at-sea drama starring a superb Robert Redford .
The camera rocks with the creaks , cracks , and other sounds of encroaching disequilibrium , while an actor in his element anchors your gaze-and gives the performance of his life .
Robert Redford will get a Best Actor Oscar nomination for this awesome , extraordinary adventure on an unforgiving sea .
In the tradition of Crane , London and Hemingway , ` All Is Lost ' is unsermonized Man against Nature at the same time as Man against Himself .
A visually striking man versus nature story about enduring when the elements are conspiring against you .
Breaks story-telling conventions by deliberately focusing on a single character , one with no back story , all in the service of praising individuality , resilience and ingenuity .
Watching a man try to survive a mid-sea disaster is compelling , but watching a man try to survive a mid-sea disaster in an effort to live for something would have been exponentially more compelling .
An immersive drama about being resilient and facing the fear we all have of dying alone ; one of the Best Films of 2013 .
J.C. Chandor creates an austere snapshot of human struggle , ingenuity , and perseverance , one that 's predicated on Robert Redford 's fantastic performance .
All Is Lost is a movie that is understated , yet still manages to play out on a staggeringly huge canvas ; the personal and the universal one and the same .
All Is Lost is amazing , deeply moving , and a harking back to an age when the best mainstream films might be the best pictures America made .
All Is Lost was clearly a challenge to produce , and it makes its own demands on its viewers . It 's a worthwhile effort on both counts .
Forsaking the chatter of his risibly exposition-heavy MARGIN CALL -LRB- 11 -RRB- , and one-upping LIFE OF PI by stripping things down to the bare minimum , Chandor charts an admirably uncompromising if curiously aloof course into nothingness .
All the drama we need is in the moment , and that 's where the movie stays .
A film that very eloquently provides an argument for the survival of heroes , or at least one hero .
For the most part The Immigrant is works in an incredibly satisfying and affecting manner .
... Chandor who had already impressed us in a very different manner with his first film , here shows himself in a new light , that showcases his technical aptitude and remarkable sense of pacing and rhythm .
Redford 's fiercely committed and quite brilliant performance is the reason to see this daringly minimalist , slightly overlong curio .
A signal film achievement and the capstone to a great star 's career . This is Ultimate Redford .
Engrossing both dramatically and as a minimalist narrative exercise , All Is Lost is a survival-at-sea story powered by an emphasis on realism and a refusal to allow any false emotional beats to impede on this unsentimental tale .
Robert Redford gives an impressive one-man show in this sea-stranded survival tale .
The film 's scope is limited , but as far as it goes , All Is Lost is very good indeed : a neat idea , very nimbly executed .
From bow to stern Chandor delivers pure cinema
Redford delivers a tour de force performance : holding the screen effortlessly with no acting support whatsoever .
A grim and rather relentless analogy for the slow march towards death : every bad thing can and does happen , with almost comical inevitability , and by the hour mark , you find yourself begging for a shark attack that might put poor Red out of his misery .

@highlight

Anchored by another tremendous performance in a career full of them , All Is Lost offers a moving , eminently worthwhile testament to Robert Redford 's ability to hold the screen .