The result is a superb performance from DiCaprio as the swaggering , shouting bastard , and probably Scorsese 's best film in 15 years .
Scorsese 's art continues in dazzling form . May it last us a long time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Scorsese illuminates the best and the worst of the human race ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
DiCaprio runs away with Jordan , magnetic as he trains his pack to hunt , brutally funny when high on drugs , he crawls to his low-slung Ferrari .
While Scorsese 's latest resembles After Hours in its absurdist tone and progressively exhausting succession of wild occurrences , it 's GoodFellas that is clearly Wolf 's closest cousin in the director 's oeuvre .
The film has roused censure for glorifying crime , with scant , awkwardly realised minutes paid to Belfort 's eventual comeuppance . But surely 71-year-old Scorsese , a one-time wannabe priest whose work is preoccupied with morality , did that deliberately ?
In a year of breathtaking sexism , here is a big three-hour helping of more of the same .
It is a good movie but it 's also polarizing . A viewer is either going to love it or hate it . The reason being not because the film itself is bad - it 's an A + effort on all fronts - but because the story is repulsive .
If one watches this film and thinks Scorsese has crafted it to exculpate rather than expose the behavior of Jordan Belfort ... well , one has rather missed the point .
How half-brained masculine and economic mentalities are channeled to a mutual , logical , terrible climax in one of the year 's more terrifying final shots is what 's truly essential .
Scorsese is fascinated by procedure , by drawing back the curtain and showing us how things happen , though he keeps the picture nimble and entertaining enough to avoid burying himself in the minutiae .
DiCaprio makes Belfort a childish charmer , sleazy and arrogant .
Leonardo DiCaprio is a nuclear bomb as Belfort , the actor basking in the ridiculousness of his surroundings and eclipsing them at every turn .
-LSB- Belfort is -RSB- in the wrong . That 's for sure . But to walk away and not realize we 're at least a little complicit , too , would be foolhardy .
The Wolf of Wall Street may implicitly feign moral indignation , but it also suffers from its own Belfortian tunnel vision .
It may be the most exuberant film about sin ever made .
A marathon of depravity . The relentless vulgarity feels heroic .
DiCaprio 's powerhouse performance , and Scorsese 's brilliantly energetic direction make this a must watch for film lovers .
A terrific watch , and bound to be one of the funniest films of the year , but perhaps a tad indulgent and lacking the emotional resonance that could 've escalated it to truly unmissable status .
A forgiving nature and lots of stamina is needed for this no-holds-barred hedonistic ride into the Roman orgy-style excesses of the 1990s ' financial world
I genuinely fear an entire generation of young would-be financial gurus seeing this film as their Scarface , reveling in the wish-fulfillment excess while dismissing any and all social commentary or moral condemnation .
The Wolf of Wall Street is a film that speaks to our times , and it is saying some very important things if we care to listen .
Terence Winter 's script is a natural and well-oiled machine that produces the words of a demigod . You could n't make these things up .
-LSB- An -RSB- ultimately hollow exercise in movie excess .
Scorsese 's hard-R portrayal of Belfort and company 's insatiable appetites -- for money , for whores , for drugs , for stuff -- pierces until it numbs .
It 's another variation on Scorsese 's favorite kind of a story , the rise and fall . In this case , he and frequent collaborator Leonardo DiCaprio go on a full-out cinematic bender .
Terence Winter 's adaptation of convicted fraudster Jordan Belfort 's memoir is nonstop splat-thwack-four-letter-120-miles-an-hour-f -- s -- f -- you . To money , to America , to women .
A classic tale of the unquenchable thirst of greed ...
Martin Scorsese 's finest in more than a decade .
Scorsese wheels out all his slick tricks to turn this relatively one-note story into a three hour thrill-ride that only ever feels tired when it 's vital to the story .
This much-anticipated chronicle of depravity at once amuses and nauseates .
Full of sex , drugs and amoral characters , but it is fascinating to watch .
This is a fantastic exploration of greed , money , and a truly flawed character that spent much of the nineties on a jaw-dropping but pernicious thrill-ride .
Along with its three-hour runtime , this baggy plotting may make Wolf a somewhat harder sell to audiences but it 's a deeper movie than The Departed -- among the best that Scorsese has made .
Plays less as an insightful critique and more as an exercise in indulgence .
Though it 's not a bad movie -LRB- it is Scorsese , after all -RRB- , The Wolf of Wall Street is surprisingly off-putting , overlong and morally skewed .
There is no psychological insight , no moral insight , just no insight , full stop . And it palls after a while .
While DiCaprio lets loose portraying Belfort 's plutocratic debauchery , Scorsese looks on with kid-in-candy-store glee .
Martin Scorsese 's giddy biopic of stockbroker swindler Jordan Belfort , has all the dazzle and pizzazz of his classic gangster movies - only this time the crooks on screen are pumping and dumping worthless stocks rather than bodies .
There 's a good chance that by the conclusion of Martin Scorsese 's intoxicating , raucous , and shamelessly depraved `` The Wolf of Wall Street '' you 're going to want to cleanse yourself through prayer , charity , or whatever it is that you do to feel virtuous .
Funny ? Yes . Entertaining ? Yes . Flattering ? Not in the slightest . Anyone who wants to be in the Jordan Belfort business after watching Wolf must have rocks in their head .
Scorsese seems to have mixed every genre and every tone from all his previous work together in one big three-hour character-driven opus . And the damn thing works .
Wisely , Scorsese torques his opus as a sprawling , outrageous , gross-out comedy of excess . It 's Animal House meets Wall Street ... -LSB- making -RSB- us understand how the unbridled fun of a world defined by power , prostitutes and drugs can result in moral abandon .
Movies should n't provide moral instruction but the best incorporate competing philosophies . Unfortunately , there is no one Scorsese can bring himself to be quite as interested in as Belfort .
The characteristic traits build up , intolerably : the grinding pace , the deadening repetition , the pointless wordiness -LRB- Terence Winter 's screenplay never shuts up -RRB- , the self-congratulatory nyuk-nyuks .
His fifth collaboration with DiCaprio sits within the Scorsese back-catalogue like it was always meant to be there .
... an unhinged and highly quotable near-instant-classic , which constantly and ingeniously mines laughs from the most despicable and debauched behaviour imaginable
Given the fun it has drinking its own bong water , it 's a bit much to describe the film as a great critique of institutionalised sexism , or of `` lunch is for wimps '' business culture in America .
Martin Scorsese is back at his best with this rollicking update on the gangsters of New York , the mean streets now filled with stockbrokers and share dealers , driven characters in search of the good life the easy way .
True story : my priest phoned midway through the screening of The Wolf of Wall Street , as if he had sensed - rightly - that I had been revelling too giddily in the debauched antics of disgraced stockbroker Jordan Belfort .
The Wolf Of Wall Street is not so much a film ... but more of an examination paper . When you leave the room after three hours , you 'll know if you 've passed .
Scorsese 's mastery is undeniable ; The Wolf of Wall Street is yet another magnum opus .
It made me not love but utterly loathe Belfort - a moral victory , perhaps , but also something of a problem , because a character who is simply detestable rapidly becomes uninteresting .
It aims to shock and succeeds . What else does it teach us though ?
An outrageously black comedy about white-collar crime , unapologetic in delivery and unashamedly graphic in its intensity .
Absorbing performances , stylistic wit , a lacerating and subversive sense of humor : The Wolf of Wall Street delivers all of these in spades
Spend three hours on Scorsese 's Wall Street , and he 'll have you convinced : greed is n't just good - it 's great .
At times , the film seems almost Hobbitian in its inability to finish a scene that is already well past its natural lifespan .
Belfort 's frank memoir is a seductive confessional of how not only he but so many on Wall Street treated -LRB- treat ? -RRB- Americans with contempt in their greedy drive to become rich enough to burn 100 dollar bills
Excessive & entertaining , Martin Scorsese 's wild tale of greed & spoils of sex , drugs & debauchery earns its R rating & a big tick for Leonardo diCaprio who lets fly with no safety net in a dizzying rollercoaster ride of misguided morality
God help you , you 'll have to decide whether you approve without the filmmaker 's help .
A debauched end-of-empire horror story disguised as an outrageous comedy , with remarkable performances from Leonard DiCaprio and Jonah Hill .
At age 71 , Martin Scorsese proves with this riotous romp that he 's one of the most energetic , audacious filmmakers working in America at the moment .
Is it immoral to celebrate villainy ? There 's not much point in pretending The Wolf of Wall Street does n't do that , pretty exuberantly too .
This is an exhilarating story of decadence and debauchery , made all the more thrilling by DiCaprio 's charismatic and physical lead performance .
For me the film is somehow less than the sum of its parts , with no palpable sense that these men are doing anything more contemptible than living life to the full .
Scorsese 's name virtually guarantees the filmmaking will be of the highest variety , and it is here . The director truly is a master of his craft .
Scorsese 's virtuoso filmmaking and DiCaprio keep you gripped for the three hour running time .
Brilliantly directed , beautifully shot and superbly written , this is a riotously entertaining and frequently hilarious drama with an Oscar-worthy central performance from Leonardo DiCaprio .
DiCaprio 's a marvellous fit for the role , and his slimy charisma could charm even the steeliest of souls .
As a major filmmaker , it 's about time Scorsese found some material that stretched his ideas , rather than his audience 's patience .
Every time I looked at my watch , the hands seemed to have stayed still .
The Wolf of Wall Street does not quite have the subtlety and richness of Scorsese 's very best work , but what an incredibly exhilarating film : a deafening and sustained howl of depravity .
Although Martin Scorsese overindulges as much as his subject , this film proves in the cinematic jungle he 's still the king .
Scorsese 's best film since Casino , his most provocative since Goodfellas and by far the funniest film he 's ever made .
As you watch a numbed man lose all his basic motor skills to a big chemical rush , you ca n't help feeling that The Wolf Of Wall Street also needed to cut back on the meds .
No one generates narrative momentum quite like Scorsese when he 's in his element , and The Wolf of Wall Street provides the kind of meaty material into which he can really sink his aesthetic claws .
DiCaprio has hinted before that comedy might be his natural calling -- think of Catch Me If You Can -- but his energy here is not just fun , it 's discovery .
Merry Christmas , everyone ! Martin Scorsese and Leonardo DiCaprio have a special present waiting for us at the movie theaters . It 's titled The Wolf of Wall Street .
Though brilliantly written -LRB- by Boardwalk Empire 's Terence Winter -RRB- , acted and directed , Wolf is dangerously overlong .
Scorsese 's solid ` The Wolf of Wall Street , ' based on the true story of a white-collar criminal 's excesses , would have been even better if it were n't so ... excessive .
... a vigorously stylish epic from director Martin Scorsese that 's almost as difficult to watch as it is to look away .
Greed is grating in The Wolf of Wall Street , Martin Scorsese 's face-first motorboating of the sex , drugs and dwarf tossing of American excess .
Scorsese Helms Familiar but Effective `` Wolf ''
Highly-watchable entertainment that had the potential to be much much more .
Once the bizarre complaints of the easily offended have died down , I do n't doubt that this 'll find a place amongst Scorsese 's best work .
In my humble opinion , this is the best film of 2013 .
For three hours the movie operates at a ridiculous comedic pitch . You never forget you 're at the circus . You never lose site of the lawlessness , the reckless pleasure , the sheer lunacy and lack of regulation .
Based on the best-selling memoir of the same name , this funny , irreverent , poignant , fast-paced and fun flick is well worth the investment .
The weakest movie in Martin Scorsese 's fifty-year career , the worst writing Scorsese has ever been associated with .
The director of this film plagiarized `` Goodfellas '' but did a poor job . Not half as interesting as the original .
Scorsese and DiCaprio whip up excitement , but where 's the depth ?
... overlong , repetitive , and like ` The Departed ' too often partakes of self-parody ... It 's almost as if Scorsese , in his rush to sate every sophomoric urge , ceded the reins to shock-jock Howard Stern .
... both a massive disappointment and a missed opportunity .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- There is no reason to see Martin Scorsese 's latest picture . It does n't even deserve a grade .
I bet this one will end up growing the most in estimation as the years go along . I am not getting on the wrong side of history .
Without a moral center , `` Wolf '' seems to revel in this cornucopia of bad behavior .
It lets you relish in unparalleled no holds barred debauchery while increasingly disillusioning the fun and games with the nasty reality of the situation along the way .
Nearly three hours of repeated debauchery and nasty deeds fails to bring Goodfellas-style bite and tension to a situation where the worst that can happen to the film 's unlikable characters is the possibility of serving time in a cushy jail .
I struggle to recognise what -LSB- Scorsese 's -RSB- unique point of view or fresh insight is with the material . Did he have one ?
A cynical , nasty satire about humans regressing to infantile levels . I would love for it to be the final , insane word on indecent power-hungry Wall Street behavior , but you and I both know that probably wo n't be the case , so trust me , it 's okay to laugh .
We have to take the story 's word that what Belfort did was very , very bad and forget that it looks like fun .
Scorsese directs with propulsive purpose , feeding off DiCaprio 's manic energy . Their work is fierce and unforgettable .
Sex and drugs and sex and drugs .
DiCaprio has never been better .
Leo 's overall performance consists of an amazingly fierce array of emotions , and must be seen to be believed .
A very long three hours of scenery-chewing performances plus repetitive sequences emphasizing drugs , sex and greed .
No less than a brazenly brash and unabashed middle finger to any and all genteel expectations and sensibilities .
This film , directed by Martin Scorcese , is based on a true story , otherwise , it would n't be believable .
it first seduces and then repulses
Scorsese unleashes a furious , yet exquisitely controlled , kinetic energy , complete with a plunging and soaring camera , mercurial and conspicuous special effects , counterfactual scenes , subjective fantasies , and swirling choreography on a grand scale .
A fun , wild ride that eventually runs out of steam .
Martin Scorsese directs so 1 -RRB- the performances are incredible , 2 -RRB- the movie is very long and 3 -RRB- it is one of the year 's best movies .
While this is the weakest of the five collaborations between Scorsese and DiCaprio , that 's not putting any of the blame on the actor 's shoulders . He 's sensational .
It takes three hours to tell a banal and venal story that held my attention for fifteen minutes .
Wickedly funny , smart as a whip , and immensely perceptive , The Wolf of Wall Street shows that being addicted to money is every bit as damaging as addiction to substances , sex , or anything else .
While it is fun , hilarious , and entertaining as hell , Wolf of Wall Street is n't slimey enough for a film about a slimeball . It 's the slimeball 's dream reality .
` Taxi Driver ' diagnosed American sickness as interior and hellish , while ` Wolf ' suggests the sickness has spread outward until the culture has become all but immune to the pangs of conscience and shame ...
The Wolf of Wall Street is a magnificent black comedy : fast , funny , and remarkably filthy .
Most impressive for its reckless , monstrous motion , fueled by energy exciting and rotten .
... a black comedy that plays less like the Good Fellas on Wall Street it was pre-sold as than Good-Fellas on Merck Cocaine . It is a three-hour bacchanal , a restless and occasionally disjointed movie that feels as raw and rapacious as its protagonist
DiCaprio single-handedly makes it worth the significant time commitment , but this is not filmmaking at the level of creativity and panache of the best Scorsese .
I 'm not saying after writing this review I 'm going to go pop some Quaaludes , but even for those staunchly opposed to drugs or rampant sex or getting rich , it 's impossible not to become absolutely immersed .
The real ` Great Gatsby ' and the best performance DiCaprio has given in a Scorsese movie .
It 's sick and disturbing in all the wrong ways , rendering this ` Wolf ' nothing but a dog .
Despite my bladder nearly not making it after 3 hours , thankfully the true story of Jordan Belfort kept me completely distracted and entertained at the behest of my bodily needs .
At three hours long , The Wolf of Wall Street also stands as a monument to the characters ' flair for excess .
The 71-year-old Scorsese is in full-on gonzo mode here , giddily leering over every tacky , morally bankrupt act of decadence . But eventually the film 's three hours exhaust rather than enlighten .
Leonardo DiCaprio 's most relaxed , extravagant , wildly comic and innovative performance as an adult
If the first principle of marketing is `` do n't sell the steak , sell the sizzle , '' The Wolf of Wall Street tells the story of a salesman who convinces himself that the steak is the sizzle .
Here 's something I never expected to say , something I doubt I 'd have believed if someone else had said it to me : Martin Scorsese can make a three-hour movie without one fresh perspective or compelling character from end to end .
Wolf of Wall Street is a cinematic amphetamine . It moves at break neck speed for almost three hours and after , you 'll leave the theater wanting the gym .
Extremely audacious and also extremely great . `` American Hustle , '' a second-hand knockoff of this sort of movie , has been collecting undeserved critics awards and Oscar buzz for weeks . `` Wolf of Wall Street '' is the real thing ,
The kind of sensation that you only get from a master filmmaker and it restores one 's faith a little in film for its own sake .
`` The Wolf of Wall Street '' is a bacchanal barrage of booze , broads and blow that will have you laughing - or shaking your head - because of its cynically unabashed exuberance .
Man , does this movie have a savage bite .
I could n't buy it , and could n't wait for the hollow spectacle to end .
The Wolf of Wall Street is a hilarious , angry , and scathing indictment of greed . It 's so funny you might not notice how deep it cuts .
The result is the indulgent treatment of an overindulgent character that feels more Penthouse Forum fantasy than morality tale . Perhaps that 's precisely the point .
It 's hard not to feel there is a better revisit of Scorsese 's crime gem already in theaters , David O. Russell 's American Hustle .
Though `` Raging Bull '' must still go down as Martin Scorsese 's greatest achievement , `` The Wolf of Wall Street '' makes the race for No. 2 a lot more interesting .
As with Goodfellas , Scorsese 's helpless attraction to the very behavior he wants to indict becomes the movie 's serrated edge .
As Johnny Rotten famously asked , ever get the feeling you 've been cheated ?
Scorsese has pulled off something tricky with Wolf : He 's given us a thrilling cautionary tale about a guy who never for a second seems the slightest bit sorry for what he 's done . If anything , he just had the bad luck to get caught .
DiCaprio does n't seem terribly comfortable in the role despite all his strutting and posturing .
At the highest level , it really is about getting your own , forget those down below . If so , that could have easily come across in two hours , it did n't need three .
Why would a man cheat people out of millions and then spend it on hookers , ` ludes and stupid pranks ? Hey , why would n't you ?
One of the most entertaining films ever made about loathsome men .
There 's editorial slackness here that Scorsese has n't displayed in years , lost in a tornado of actor tics and improvisations that transform sections of movie into Apatowian indecision .
... while it justifiably indicts the conflict of interest pervasive in the stock broker profession , three hours of all this debauchery is just too much ... and to not even mention one victim in 3 hours ? That 's inexcusable and superficial movie-making .
Too much explicit sex , drugs and profanity
... it 's a good film , not a great one . Considering the source material and a protagonist that any actor would have a hard time making likeable , though , it 's as great as it can be .
Imagine walking into a blow-the-roof-off party . Naked ladies galore . Pills popped like Tic Tacs . A game involving a dwarf and a bull 's - eye . Crazy fun for a while , right ? But then you 're stuck there with a bunch of jerks . For three hours .
I ca n't say I was ever bored -LRB- how could I be counting over 600 expletives & numerous instance of nudity , etc. -RRB- . I just wish all involved showed a little more restraint with the overall offering . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Scorsese does n't actively condemn these characters in the way a traditional moralist would ... He allows the characters to damn themselves .
Before the rise of the economic echelon currently referred to as the one percent , there was Jordan Belfort ... the one percent of the one percent .
It 's Margot Robbie who emerges as the biggest star in The Wolf Of Wall Street .
By presenting the bad and the ugly behind Wall Street so unflinchingly , Scorsese crafts an insightful and important deconstruction of post-millennial America 's moral erosion .
Excess for the sake of excess on the part of Scorsese , and it 's a bore .
The cocaine and ludes are not nearly as powerful as the most intoxicating substances of all : greed mixed with testosterone and pure id .
From a film-making perspective , much of what is here is masterful , and let 's face it , we expect nothing less from Scorsese .
Less a cautionary tale and more of a how-to manual ... Many sequences take on a sophomoric quality reminiscent of two guys in a bar trying to impress each other with wild stories of depraved drunken debauchery .
DiCaprio captures this cynical and unsympathetic character effortlessly , and Jonah Hill provides crude comic relief as his nebbishy partner in crime .
As Jordan Belfort , a New York stockbroker who spent years cheerfully defrauding investors , DiCaprio is positively reptilian ; he spits out his lines with a nasty glee . You 're both horrified and enchanted by this creature - a monster in Armani .
Like a hyperactive three-year-old . Sure , for a little while the over-the-top antics and outrageous moments are cute , but after three hours , it becomes exhausting and annoying leaving you simply waiting for it to finally be put to bed .
It 's like `` Goodfellas , '' only -LRB- slightly -RRB- more legal , which is very much the point .
My first thought after the credits rolled on Martin Scorsese 's 3-hour symphony of greed and depravity was , `` How in the hell did this not get an NC-17 rating '' ???
In The Wolf of Wall Street , Scorsese recognized a story of insanity , lewdness , depravity , greed and incredible entertainment value , and that 's exactly what he has brought to the screen .
The Wolf of Wall Street is a testosterone fueled , hallucinogenic fever dream driven by verbose dialogue , sweaty prostitute sex , and snorting cocaine from an unsuspecting rectum .
just because The Wolf of Wall Street is hilarious does n't mean it 's not terrifying
Scorsese , as always , knows exactly what he is doing . Although it 's long , the movie is never less than entertaining .
It does for stockbrokers what GoodFellas did for mobsters .
Various Cheech-and-Chong-style slapstick scenarios play out repeatedly , just with different props .
As entertaining as many of the individual scenes and set pieces can be , the movie drags as it passes the 90-minute mark .
A vital and troubling document of the present ...
Scorsese presents Belfort as a charismatic Caligula . He is an endlessly fascinating character who holds viewers ' attention from beginning to end .
`` The Wolf of Wall Street '' is a fleet-footed three hours of startling moments , 99 percent of them hedonistic and hilarious .
Scorsese moves through this cavalcade of bad behavior like a kid in a candy store .
The Wolf of Wall Street is n't a celebration of bad behavior : It 's a condemnation .
Rests comfortably alongside Scorsese 's masterpieces Goodfellas and Casino , but carries a sting that even they do n't by examining the most acceptable , yet most rapacious , of criminal swindles .
It becomes unclear who has too many balls in the air -- the character of Belfort , or the film 's director . Either way , there 's a crash waiting to happen .
`` The Wolf of Wall Street '' remains one-note even at is most outré , an episodic portrait of rapaciousness in which decadence escalates into debauchery escalates into depravity - but , miraculously , not death .
The film looks beautiful ; the loose editing creates an overlong but still compelling structure ; and Scorsese finesses the way the film pulses -- like Belfort 's racing heart -- with a dangerous jazzy rhythm .
It 's showy , but it does n't amount to much .
Overlong by an hour and overindulgent by infinity , Martin Scorsese 's The Wolf of Wall Street entertains at times but mostly numbs .
So it 's a relief and a pleasant surprise that Wall Street , despite some missteps and the need for an editor , mostly manages to live up to the interest generated by its kinetic trailers and the heavy hand of hype .
If you 're down with a character arc that 's as short as a crack pipe and equally resistant to temperance , then Martin Scorsese 's latest picture is your chance to howl .
Oh , my , my . Martin Scorsese 's The Wolf of Wall Street is outrageous , an offense against modesty , a shameless celebration of bad conduct .
As a retelling of Belfort 's rise to power and influence , The Wolf of Wall Street is as electric as any movie in years .
Wild , offbeat and insane , `` The Wolf of Wall Street '' is one of the year 's best films and a definite career-topper for DiCaprio who , with Scorsese , have given us another phenomenal collaboration
This sprawling mock epic about a sleazy penny stock whiz contains scenes of astonishing black-comic brilliance , but it 's also solipsistic and exhausting .
There 's a certain hollowness to Scorsese 's rags-to-riches-to-plea-bargaining tales . A hangover quality . It 's less noticeable in `` Wolf '' because of the sheer force of DiCaprio 's portrayal .
At three hours , The Wolf Of Wall Street is Scorsese 's longest movie -LRB- barely edging out Casino -RRB- . It 's also his crassest , his loudest , maybe his funniest .
Whatever the movie 's flaws , it 's a great Rabelaisian entertainment whose grimy pleasures ca n't be denied .
It 's not ok to make three hours of graphic sex , epic drug binges , and general debauchery as boring as it is in The Wolf of Wall Street .
As thrilling a filmmaker as Martin Scorsese continues to be , and as wild a performance as Leonardo DiCaprio dishes up as its morally bankrupt master of the universe , The Wolf of Wall Street seems almost entirely unnecessary .
An unbridled tale of drug fueled sex and avarice , The Wolf of Wall Street moves like a breeze for its three hour runtime .
The Wolf of Wall Street may have flaws holding it back from being considered one of Scorsese 's greats , but it 's still a fine film featuring great performances , a snappy screenplay , and outstanding direction .
Darkly funny , sexually explicit and fearlessly disturbing all at once , anchored by Leonardo DiCaprio in a deliriously brilliant performance .
Though it goes on too long and comes across the finish line a little winded , -LSB- it 's -RSB- a mostly exciting ride on the Wall Street wild side -- so long as you do n't expect a moral at the end beyond ` do n't get caught . '
This is good but not great Scorsese .
The story 's relentless , unvarying rhythm-malfeasance , consumption , more malfeasance , more consumption-leaves the audience drained and annoyed .
Digging into deep-pocket gluttony , Martin Scorsese 's dark comedy `` The Wolf of Wall Street '' highlights a world rich in drugs , fast cars and private jets . The American dream is amplified , yet those indulging in it are never satisfied .
Jordan Belfort has just made a distinguished director his latest mark . We sat through Scorsese 's Tibetan Buddhist stage for this ?
Scorsese 's funniest and most focused film in a long time , a jet-black sex and drug-soaked comedy featuring a bravura performance by Leonardo DiCaprio .
Wolf is delivered , almost all the way through , at the same pitch of extreme aggression . It 's relentless , deafening , deadening , and , finally , unilluminating .
Scorsese 's camera energizes all he can , in every way he can as a propulsive filmmaker . But around the 80-minute mark the bullet train of a protagonist begins to run in circles , however maniacally .
Martin Scorsese 's epic tale of debauchery feels overlong and sometimes misses its mark , but it 's the director 's raunchiest , funniest film yet .
Sometimes I think Martin Scorsese 's biggest flaw is that he makes creating masterpieces look so damn easy .
Mindle $ $ entertainment .
In reality , this guy would be in jail stripes before you can say , `` Martha Stewart . ''
As he does every time he takes on such epic material , America 's auteur finds subtext in scope and insight in the increasing downward spiral of his lawless heroes .
Scorsese 's focus is n't so much on telling a tight story as chronicling Belfort 's outsized antics , but they 're not there just for laughs . This is at its root a cautionary tale .
Talk about a high-risk reward . Martin Scorsese 's `` The Wolf of Wall Street '' is a delirious , manic , push-the-limits comedy of gaudy amorality that tests the audience 's taste .
Whether he 's on the phone luring someone to send him a check for a dicey investment , or flopping around the floor after ingesting too many quaaludes , DiCaprio hits the jackpot .
Between Leonardo DiCaprio 's brilliant lead performance and Terrence Winter 's excellent script , it 's without a doubt the funniest movie that Scorsese has ever directed .
The timing is off - in a macro sense .
Pumps with the adrenalized energy of its subject matter , alternating between its incredible screenwriter 's way with words and its filmmaker 's ability to tap into cultural issues like no one else .
An overstuffed , pedal-to-the-metal joyride through a life lived according to the purest precepts of free-market capitalism .
A veritable orgy of immorality , each scene making the same point only more and more outrageously , the action edited with Scorsese 's usual manic exuberance but to oh-so-monotonous effect .
Unlike its slimy characters , The Wolf of Wall Street favorably impresses on every level .
Fun , amoral and excessive -- especially in length
Like Scorsese 's After Hours , it 's absurdly funny , though more akin to Goodfellas in substance and structure .
` Wolf Of Wall Street ' is a powerful reminder that at the age of 71 , -LSB- Martin Scorsese -RSB- is as vital and as ferocious a voice as ever .
He 's not really a wolf - he 's more like a hyena , a scavenger , a bottom-feeder . Why would you want to know his story ?
The film gets so involved that one might question the necessity of a three-hour running time , but how many times will a story like this come along when Scorsese is available to knock it out of the park ?
The combination of a master storyteller in Scorsese and his favorite instrument in DiCaprio make `` The Wolf of Wall Street '' one of the best films of 2013 .
Vintage Scorsese through and through - which includes his penchant for artistic evolution - The Wolf of Wall Street provides some of the most vibrant , energetic , and culturally impactful filmmaking of 2013 .
An over-the-top portrait of a cynical head of brokerage firm which vividly shows the soul rot afoot in America .
DiCaprio turns in one of his finest ever performances .
The film 's attitude is embedded in its form , in the way it holds nothing back , with Scorsese utilizing every tool at his disposal to offer an existential portrait of hedonism .
`` The Wolf of Wall Street ' lacks ` Goodfellas '' shape , attractive characters , their wit and - with one glorious exception , involving super-quaaludes - instant classic set pieces . That 's by design .
As a highly detailed portrait of true-life corruption and bad behavior in the financial sector , Wolf is pushy and hollow , too much of a bad thing , like a three-hour cold call from the boiler room that leaves you wondering , `` What have I just been sold ? ''
It starts with a dwarf toss . Martin Scorsese 's colossal Wall Street gone wild is , like its subject , big , unruly and , maybe , a bit too alluring for its own good .
The Wolf of Wall Street matches its subject 's excesses to a wearying and stupefying extent . All should be well if you just remember to buckle up your jet pack before launch .
The Wolf of Wall Street is a pièce de résistance to depravity , without giving an inch of resistance to the depravity ... In a way , it bails out Wall Street all over again .
A winning return for Martin Scorsese , who delivers his finest and most balls-out entertainment in more than a decade .
Scorsese is the visionary wolf of cinema .
Cynical , unconventional and edgy - it 's horrifying and absurdly hilarious .
Working with a gutsy script by The Sopranos ' Terence Winter , Scorsese is jabbing hard at America 's jackpot culture . The laughs are merciless and nonstop , every one with a sting in its tail .
The Wolf of Wall Street is a slippery beast , both beguiling and repellent on the surface , more difficult to pin down the deeper you look , and shifty in ways that I found intoxicating .
The best Scorsese film since Goodfellas ... Its excellence in other areas aside , this is plainly among the funniest films of the year -- ribald , riotous , ridiculous .
In his best scene DiCaprio displays a knack for physical comedy heretofore unearthed as he makes his way to his Ferrari legless on an overdose of particularly powerful ` ludes .
Belfort keeps distracting our attention from the minutiae of his fraudulent dealings , instead bamboozling us with what he knows we really want to see and hear : the sex , the drugs , the high-jinks , the boundless bling . Greed is good , right ?
The sets are ravishing . The cinematography dazzles . There 's so much going on that you do n't blink for fear that you might miss something .
Jordan Belfort makes Gordon Gekko look like Cliff Richard .
An impressive , epic ode to decadence that understands the appeal of hedonism , explaining without ever justifying the psychotic joke that is the current economic system .
An exhilarating portrait of a modern day Rome the feral `` Wolf Of Wall Street '' rages , pounds and throbs like a riotous maximalist at the greatest party ever staged .
The Wolf of Wall Street plays modern tragedy as epic farce , reminding us just how much fun Scorsese can be when he 's in a playful mood .
Great filmmakers do n't grow old like the rest of us , and at 71 , Martin Scorsese has stormed back with a picture that would have exhausted a director half his age .
Handsome , sporadically amusing and admittedly never boring - but also bloated , redundant , vulgar , shapeless and pointless ...
The wages of greed and excess portrayed in grand , operatic , often very funny style .
Scorsese has made a GoodFellas for a new generation in The Wolf of Wall Street , another blackly comic crime epic about a very different kind of outlaw : the renegade capitalist .
An epic , boldly broad screwball comedy about the state of America , then and now .
The Wolf of Wall Street is a fun , frantic , messy blast of a party ; too bad the very real and very important question of who pays the tab and who cleans up the mess never comes into play .
Bursting with energy , this blue chip gem about the rise and fall of a self-made man is the best film of the year .
A terrific and fascinating movie , but it stops short of masterpiece territory .
`` Goodfellas '' without the guns , `` Wolf '' finds Scorsese once again essaying an epic on American corruption , except this time in the land of stockbrokers instead of mobsters .
A brazen three-hour cinematic bender of sex and drugs set to the tune of financial chaos , `` The Wolf of Wall Street '' is undoubtedly the craziest movie of Martin Scorsese 's career .
Martin Scorsese 's most dynamic and spry film since ` GoodFellas '
A big , unruly bacchanal of a movie that huffs and puffs and nearly blows its own house down , but holds together by sheer virtue of its furious filmmaking energy and a Leonardo DiCaprio star turn so electric it could wake the dead .
Here is a white-collar crime caper that stirs golden memories of the Scorsese back catalogue , often quite knowingly and sometimes to a fault .
A brilliantly witty take on the world of the stock market that 's on par with Scorsese classics like Goodfellas and Casino .
For all its close thematic ties to Scorsese 's previous studies of young men with God complexes , this might be closer in spirit to the director 's concert films , with their blurring of the divide between the movie 's audience and the on-screen crowd .
Martin Scorsese 's keyed-up , irreverent tone frequently fails to distinguish itself from the grunting arias sung by the oily paragons of commerce his film evidently intended to deflate .

@highlight

Funny , self-referential , and irreverent to a fault , The Wolf of Wall Street finds Martin Scorsese and Leonardo DiCaprio at their most infectiously dynamic .