This slasher/comedy is n't funny or entertaining .
The Broken Lizard quintet follows its quintessential cult-comedy classic `` Super Troopers '' with something like `` Ten Little Indians '' interpreted by five big imbeciles - a slasher parody three `` Screams '' and three `` Scary Movies '' too late .
Even if it does n't really succeed as a thriller or a comedy , the film is n't simply a hack-job either .
One of the better horror parodies , which if you ask me has been done to death .
The film 's creators use sexual humor as a stand-in when they run out of vacuous little sub-sketches .
You could n't unload bootlegs of this asinine flick for free , much less charge money for them .
Only the ending of Club Dread , where the villain keeps coming back for more , shows any spark of imagination or wit . The rest of the time , things are pretty dull .
Half as clever as Scream and too winking in its nihilism to approach the invigorating immorality of Scream 2
Not so much as a movie as a ` Girls Gone Wild ' video with the occasional slasher murder thrown in for fun .
A movie made by guys who laugh at their own jokes , directed at people who will laugh at anything .
The characters are the only joke in Club Dread , and they 're not enough .
... the story is just so dull that nothing can save it ...
An intriguing amalgam of straight-up genre movie silliness and a lampoon of said silliness , with no real way to tell which mode the film is in at any given time .
The biggest problem with the film is that it 's not as funny as it should be .
These Broken Lizard guys simply are n't funny .
Like a feature-length episode of Girls Gone Wild , with dead bodies dropping with the same frequency as bikini tops .
Like the unkillable villain Broken Lizard parodies , the guys do n't seem to realize when it 's time to lay themselves to rest .
Here 's an oddball movie that 's better suited to rental than the big screen .
Broken Lizard may not yet be Monty Python , but Club Dread is funnier than Super Troopers , and another comedy from the troupe will be a welcome sight .
The Broken Lizard crew bring a lot of energy , but the movie 's rarely very funny , lacking an original perspective on the slasher genre that could make this project worthwhile .
Funny , but has enough dry spells that it feels like a B movie
On the plus side , at least this time the Lizard gang do n't subject us to a full-frontal-nude shot of Keven Hefrernan . It 's a small mercy , perhaps , but a mercy nonetheless .
Talk about being the last guy at the buffet table ! -LRB- Is a genre even viable anymore if it has more parodies than straight entries ? -RRB-
... no forward momentum , no real cohesion between its myriad caricatures/victims , and -LRB- most importantly -RRB- a distressingly low batting average where the yuks are concerned .
Basically just an ordinary , run-of-the-mill slasher flick , with the usual amount of fleeting T&A tossed in to mollify the Playboy perusers in the audience .
Is it a comedy ? Or are they really trying to make a go at a horror film ? Funny enough , it actually works as both .
Ten Little Indians is savagely manhandled by five little lizards .
An amateur-hour ordeal .
exists in an uncomfortable middle ground between gore that is intended to gross you out and gore than is intended to make you laugh
In these sensitive , politically correct times , I thought it was refreshing to see a comedy troupe that 's perfectly willing to fill the screen with exposed flesh and buckets of blood , in the name of cheap but legitimate laughs .
I should have spent my nine dollars on a rental of SUPER TROOPERS and a six pack of beer , rather than have my enthusiasm for Broken Lizard 's future outings tarnished .
If the lizard ai n't broken , do n't fix it .
A pretty creative conceit and often quite funny and creepy , to boot .
It 's almost refreshing to watch a film that acknowledges it 's just a plain old ` R ' - rated comedy , with adult but not distasteful levels of nudity , violence and profanity .
Broken Lizard 's Club Dread spoofs a genre already spoofed out , the slasher film , and does it badly
Less funny than a comedy and less scary than a horror , but the comedy works -LRB- when it tries to -RRB- .
-LSB- A -RSB- whole lot better than the comedy troupe 's last feature Super Troopers . Unfortunately , measured by any other standard , it 's simply a mediocre effort
... rigor mortis has set in .
... has the kind of energy so zealous that one ca n't help but notice the filmmakers simply using it as a mask to cover up obvious shortcomings .
The film still may be too bloody and crass for some , and it 's by no means hilarious , but all things considered , Club Dread lives up to expectations , which were never really that high to begin with .
About as funny as malaria .
Stunningly unfunny .
The jokes start wearing thin after the first hour and , by the time the credits finally roll , it 's become the kind of straightforward gorefest it started out ridiculing .
Club Dread is just stupid , period .
A shabby attempt at mixing elements of a teen slasher flick with the lowbrow laughs of a teen sex romp . Neither one adds up to the sum of its whole .
Does n't quite capture the devil-may-care feel of a sex comedy .
Will appeal to everyone who enjoys the shenanigans of movies like Army of Darkness , Tommy Boy , or even the Scary Movie series .
This is the first movie in years to challenge Ed Wood 's Plan Nine From Outer Space for the title ` worst movie ever . '
Most of the movie is just blood and bodies , some of the dead , some of them topless , and none of them interesting .
Unencumbered by logic or narrative cohesion , the freewheeling lunacy of Club Dread sits squarely in the guilty pleasure zone .
There will be better movies playing in the same theater , even if it is a duplex , but on the other hand there is something to be said for goofiness without apology by broken lizards who just wan na have fun .
Pure dumb fun .
This hit-and-mostly-miss parody of slasher films is about 100 years overdue and has already been done to , well , death .
Club Dread actually offers more laughs and scares than you 'd expect , but it strains so hard to sustain the mayhem that it tends to exhaust rather than entertain .
The whole thing plays like an extended sketch .
A splatter of scenes that relocate the funny-bone in the lower anatomical regions -- sometimes hitting the mark , occasionally a glancing blow , often missing completely .
If Project Greenlight ever awarded a movie-making contract to a group of drunken frat boys , it might look something like Broken Lizard 's Club Dread .
This is very different from what the Broken Lizard comedy team has done before . Refreshingly , so .
A bumptious splatter farce that manages to improve from awful to moderately engaging as its cast is winnowed down to the five guys themselves .
Disappointing , especially since I dig these guys and was hoping for so much more .
No . No . No .
-LSB- It -RSB- may be as deep as the resort 's hot tub , but it 's plenty of fun .
-LSB- Y -RSB- ou begin to suspect they may have all been under the influence of something or other while writing this .
Maybe not worth a trip to the theatre , but probably worth a trip to the rental store if you stop by Piñacoladaberg on the way .
It 's as if the cast were high and we 're still sober .
If you hate Jimmy Buffett , you 'll love Bill Paxton 's Coconut Pete . If you like naked girls who happen to be gymnasts , you 'll love Jordan Ladd . This is a FUN flick !
We realize it 's a spoof of bad movies . But does a satire of bad movies need to be bad , too ?
While there are a number of clever moments , they are n't enough to keep the movie entertaining throughout .
If the group strikes gold at the box office with its new picture , Broken Lizard 's Club Dread , it will be more for the seemingly surefire combination of extreme violence and extreme raunch rather than for anything resembling comic inspiration .
If you 're in the mood for a romp , you 'll have just as much fun watching it .
With Club Dread the Broken Lizards are too busy enjoying themselves to be concerned with whether or not we are enjoying ourselves . Which we are n't .
It 's like spending the evening with a drunken , stoned bore who thinks he 's funny by shouting ` Boo ! ' constantly .
Specializes in the kind of humor that is smart , funny and yet almost impossible to describe to someone else without making it sound silly and pointless .
Does the world really need a comic slasher movie ? Or , to be more precise , does it need another failed attempt at one ?
A disappointingly routine horror movie spoof that follows the well-worn path of the Scream and Scary Movie franchises .
There 's the inevitable hit-and-miss aspect that goes with the territory , but there 's also sufficient character-driven kookiness to propel it all agreeably along .
The jokes do n't always work , and some of the scares are weak . But Club Dread is a comedy that tries to be scary , and much of the time succeeds at both .
It 's not horrible -- which for these guys is a real step up , though not enough of one .
This is both a sloppy mystery , with meaningless clues everywhere , and a tedious comedy , with jokes that seem to date from before Scream turned satirizing horror movies into a cottage industry .
Like the guests who party hardy on Pleasure Island -- a Caribbean resort lorded over by a brain-fried Jimmy Buffett-type -- the writers must have been too blotto to bother with , like , jokes .
Hackneyed premise , recycled jokes .
Director Jay Chandrasekhar is a master forger of images and situations from horror movies past , but unlike Wes Craven did in Scream , he does n't build on them in any way , and the result is the opposite of what 's intended ; the movie is stultifying .
Outrageous comedy is n't meant to be this safe .
... the laughs in Club Dread remain their own reward even after the chop-chop ghastliness has gone beyond the pale .
cheap and sleazy
-LSB- W -RSB- hat 's refreshing about the Broken Lizard films is how removed they seem from the cookie-cutter Hollywood machine .
There 's a problem with spoofs of crappy horror comedy flicks : in order to get to the spoof comedy , the audience still has to wade through the crappy horror flick .
A few gags are brilliantly staged , but most have a smug , collegiate take-it-or - leave-it quality that makes full-on belly laughter feel optional .
Very silly and quite funny .
As relaxed and fun-loving as its characters .
Looks like ` The Real Cancun 2 : The Machete ' , an often effective slasher comedy by the ` Super Troopers ' guys .











@highlight

Comedy is too hit-or-miss is this slasher spoof .