A film that tries to convey a palpable sense of epic adventure and maximum exploitation of violence and sex , but which ultimately feels as relevant and important as a short film directed , written and starring cats and dogs . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
At the rate Boll 's improving , he 'll achieve a film worthy of a thumbs up rating sometime late next decade .
The fight scenes are the worst kind of editing-room cheating , meant to cover for actors who have n't been trained to wield anything more intimidating than a cell phone .
Just when you thought camp was dead , along comes this bizarre cross between a Tarantino knockoff and a Hammer horror film .
Turgid drama and incompetently staged action sequences ...
Only as bad as ordinary bad films and not as bad as getting your eyelid caught on a nail .
This is a movie that begs you not to watch it .
BloodRayne is quite cheesy -- the costumes resemble something out of the cosplay closet , and the dialogue is often appalling .
So how does a filmmaker bounce back from an almost universally reviled action-horror mistake ? Well , if your name is Uwe Boll , you do n't .
All in all , not as bad as you 'd suspect and certainly serviceable for all who love the bloody , low-budget vamping gone wild .
The supporting cast is mind-melting : Michael Madsen is as out of place in this Medieval milieu as Meat Loaf in a hoop skirt , and Meat Loaf is just out of place .
It 's as if Boll brought together the best team of talent he could possibly secure on short notice and then told them all to suck . And they do !
-LSB- Uwe Boll -RSB- is fast becoming known as one of the worst directors on the planet .
When on-line petitions beg directors to stop making films , is that the beginning of the end ?
Who is Uwe Boll and why does he hate moviegoers so ? The German hack , the one-man Blitzkrieg of Bad , is the worst filmmaker in the movies today .
BloodRayne is a movie of unconnected plot dots . In the hands of director Uwe `` German Tax Dodge '' Boll , a simple sword and sorcery story with vampiric overtones turns into genre-jumping attempts to find an audience .
It 'd be a stretch to call the movie good , but at least it 's fun-bad .
It 's time to start paying attention to the oeuvre of German director Uwe Boll . At this rate , he 'll become the Ed Wood of this new movie century .
If I thought for a minute this Roquefort-riddled camp-fest was as intentionally ridiculous , stilted , witless and over-the-top as it actually is , I 'd congratulate Boll .
After Rayne breaks out of the circus , it 's a simple story , really , about a mixed-up girl who wants to slay her father .
Most of the budget seems to have been spent on the cast , with apparently little left over for sets or costumes .
Uwe Boll is such a bad director that it must be intentional .
How fitting that director Uwe Boll -LRB- House of the Dead -RRB- would choose a vampire flick as his latest project - the man has a career that , despite the horror he continually inflicts on innocent moviegoers , simply will not die .
` You do n't know the meaning of pain ! ' our heroine hisses at one point . Oh , honey , believe us , we do .
Pic lurches from incident to incident at a graceless plodding place , offering little in the way of genuine excitement -- the swordfights often are confusingly cut and choreographed -- and only minimal amounts of guilty-pleasure titillation .
The film might be the first of its kind : something to bring Maxim subscribers , video gamers , and loyal Logo viewers together .
A bad-beyond-belief gorefest that provides no chills , scant excitement and a bumper crop of unintentional laughs . ... sure to reappear in many ` worst of the year ' recaps .
Halfway through , the guys put Rayne through a training sequence , even though we 've just seen her kick butt for 45 minutes , then there 's a long , talky stretch that is woefully short of impaling - perhaps suggesting that the movie 's financing was dwindling .
It never occurs to you to think of the film as anything other than a silly swords-and-castles tale , and a particularly ineffective one at that .
Madsen sounds like Mike Myer 's `` SNL '' character `` Lothar of the Hill people '' .
There is n't much more of a story . In fact , there is n't any story . Luckily , Loken is there to provide something to stare at , vacantly .
... -LSB- an -RSB- undercooked formulaic fright fable ... why would anyone let him -LRB- Boll -RRB- get three feet within the range of an operating movie camera ?
An astronomically awful movie ; the only question is whether it 's worse than Uwe Boll 's last atrocity ` Alone in the Dark , ' and you might say it wins by Ben Kingsley 's nose .
Michael Madsen ? Michelle Rodriguez ? ` I 'll take `` Actors Who Should Never Appear in Period Pieces '' for $ 500 , Alex. '
What was the point of any of it ? Only ` Dr. Boll ' seems to know . On second thought , based on the evidence in front of the camera , maybe he does n't .
There 's nothing certain in life except death , taxes and ... that movies based on video games are going to stink . Cue BloodRayne .
BloodRayne fails as mindless entertainment and as eye candy , violating the basic laws of both vampire films and cheesy videogame adaptations : It ca n't even suck right .
BloodRayne is a visual joke , with Boll limply organizing a period horror/action film with all the confidence and subtlety of Baby Huey , and with about the same level of literacy .
Less pleasurable than the throbbing bladder pain begat by too much movie theater soda , BloodRayne ably continues Uwe Boll 's indisputable reign as the worst filmmaker on the planet .
Though indisputably the best of Uwe Boll 's first three video-game-into-film adaptations , this gory , ludicrous horror-action picture is n't good by any standard .
... easily the R-rated sex and gore movie every 14-year old teen secretly sneaks up to watch after his parents go to bed .
BloodRayne makes me wish that Mystery-Science Theater 3000 was still on the air . This would be perfect for them .
Flip to any random sequence in BloodRayne and you 'll see a film professor 's most vibrant nightmare .
It 's bad , but not painfully bad like Boll 's previous two ... BloodRayne is just an ordinary , formulaic sword-and-sorcery B movie with one hot sex scene .
Whatever else you may think of Boll 's directorial ` skills , ' you ca n't fault him for inconsistency -- his movies are always atrocious , and Bloodrayne is no exception .
I 'm not sure what Boll sees when he looks through the director 's lens while filming each of his pictures , but I 'm certain it 's something different than what the rest of us see . BloodRayne poses no threat to his reputation .
Actors have bills to pay too , and who knows , maybe Transylvania is nice in the summer .
With such diminished expectations , one must wonder if it is a good thing that the film is merely bad instead of a cinematic atrocity .
Uwe Boll 's best videogame adaptation yet . Wait ... what does that even mean ?



@highlight

BloodRayne is an absurd sword-and-sorcery vid-game adaptation from schlock-maestro Uwe Boll , featuring a distinguished -LRB- and slumming -RRB- cast .