It 's not for all tastes , but it has something of the same poetry that marked out her debut , and in its transcendent moments reaffirms Amirpour as one of the most extraordinary new filmmakers to emerge in recent years .
The story kept taking unexpected turns throughout . I do n't remember Suki Waterhouse from previous movies , but she gives a strong performance in this film . She has charisma and the camera likes her . She looks like a star on the rise .
-LSB- Bad Batch -RSB- is a post-apocalyptic cannibal movie that devours its influences without ever getting to the red meat .
A creepy and self-indulgent dystopian fable .
The Bad Batch works due to world building with memorable performances from limited roles that deliver a lasting impression
Basically a riff on Mad Max 2 done in the fashion of a European art film , with the most absolutely succulent cinematography .
... The Bad Batch is n't just a broken-down experiment , it 's an actively offensive and gross exploitation flick ...
One gets the distinct impression that we 're not supposed to care , and by the meandering third act we dutifully comply .
... the only thing left at the end is a mass of narrative images and undeveloped narrative threads . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Bad Batch never organizes itself around a coherent idea or works up the urgency to pay off its premise .
The style mishmash - also including a bit of Mad Max - does n't coalesce into anything substantial , nor do the flashy attempts at transgression and political commentary amount to more than insipidness .
Although there is much to revel in visually , the story starts to become static over two hours .
Astonishing , daring , fearless . Be warned-Amirpour does n't care what you think .
The Bad Batch feels like a post-apocalyptic trip to nowhere-land . Even with all its fascinating ideas and stylistic choices , I find myself unable to recommend it to anyone .
The Bad Batch has a thin story and an incoherent world populated by unconvincing characters , and I felt bored and depressed watching it .
It has its moments , but this work 's wild and ineptly handled tonal swings make for frustrating viewing .
`` The Bad Batch '' is more an image factory than a coherent narrative feature . Multiple viewings may reveal some deeper meaning .
The Bad Batch has enough flashy , fashionably grim accessories and accoutrements to fill a Hot Topic .
Despite its stylish originality , the overall impact is more tedious than suspenseful .
We 're left with the feeling of something polished but half-finished , like the script had a few full chapters cut from it before production .
Though it misfires significantly it is still a beautiful mess that hangs with you for some time , lingering in your mind like the after effects of a hard night partying .
Tedious exercise in nothingness , working extra hard to end up nowhere .
Anemic , overlong , and suffers from too much style over substance .
All of these elements unfold in more a stream-of-thought manner than real design . And Waterhouse turns in a solid performance .
The Bad Batch , once again , illustrates Amirpour 's immense talent at worldbuilding .
Director Ana Lily Amirpour 's allegorical future-shock cannibal drama is almost a masterpiece , with startling images and ideas .
The Bad Batch squanders its strong start and rich setting on a too-thin plot .
Despite an exciting premise that featured a Mad Max-esque lawless wasteland , Jason Momoa , Keanu Reeves , and cannibalism with the director of A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night , the film was wholly underwhelming .
The Bad Batch is about the good , the bad and the ugly within us . The cannibalism motif makes it heuristic . As we eat each other , can we learn from the experience ? Only someone like Arlen could ever really know the answer , and it cost her an arm and a leg .
Feels less like a coherent film and more like a pastiche .
A film with neither engaging emotional threads nor the kind of panache that makes such cinematic mayhem worth it .
It 's got vision and atmosphere to burn , yet at the same time feels strangely hollow and incomplete .
It 's a trippy , sun-scorched apocalyptic horror film with a rom-com finish that gets as bloody , visceral and cannibalistic as its U.S. R rating will allow .
-LSB- T -RSB- his is a movie that 's mostly about attitude -- ultimately hollow , while being apathetic about everything it shows and anything it could be saying .
Filmmaker-to-watch Ana Lily Amirpour again shakes up a familiar genre - here , the postapocalyptic adventure - in unexpected ways , but stumbles a bit in the process .
The film wants ambiguity -- not the kind of thing generally found in pulp -- leaving us with unreadable characters and a distinct petering-out of tension .
Amirpour has ambitions bigger than the art house . She wants to make big , colorful blockbusters , too , and The Bad Batch feels like an audition reel to take over Mad Max .
While her visual flair is strong , Amirpour 's arch tone stifles the charisma of her cast ... By the end of The Bad Batch , she has painted a fascinating scene , but she 's also painted her characters into corners from which she ca n't help them escape .
It 's good , dirty fun . But it also takes exploitation - of bodies , of feeling , of labor - seriously .
Brace yourself for a dark , nasty and surprisingly enjoyable ride .
Amirpour 's genius -- and she 's honed it even more since her first film -- is to find the cinematic sweet spot between atmosphere and exposition .
As a politically barbed fantasy , `` The Bad Batch '' is intriguing but facile ; as a bid for cult-classic status , it 's strained and self-conscious .
There 's slow and then there 's Ana Lily Amirpour 's `` The Bad Batch . ''
Although Ana Lily Amirpour 's new The Bad Batch has much higher production values , her A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night is a tough act to follow , and Batch is a bit of a letdown even if you have n't seen Amirpour 's stellar debut .
The Bad Batch has all the ingredients necessary for a minor cult classic , but it 's tough to get that recipe just right .
This gaudy postapocalyptic adventure from writer-director Ana Lily Amirpour never stops moving , its heroine bouncing back and forth between the revelers and the flesh eaters , but it never really gets anywhere either .
By the final sequences , the excitement of seeing what a young filmmaker with a ferociously distinct sensibility is going to do next has evaporated into the hot desert air .
This visually impressive dystopian western-thriller establishes Ana Lily Amirpour 's filmmaking chops -LSB- ... -RSB- even though it falls short of delivering an engaging story .
Ana Lily Amirpour 's first feature , `` A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night , '' was such an original vision that it set the bar impossibly high for what she decided to do next . Sadly , her latest , `` The Bad Batch '' does n't come close to clearing that hurdle .
Amirpour 's latest film is a beautiful and shambling Western , plus it has cannibalism and machine gun-wielding pregnant women .
It 's too on the nose as a political allegory , and too lacking in coherent narrative to satisfy as a hipster comedy-drama .
In addition to presenting a parable about the collapse of society , Amirpour 's film is also a kind of postmodern Adam-and-Eve story .
While Amirpour has put a lot of effort into creating sweeping desert photography and detailed thrift-store set dressing , those are ultimately just ornaments on a sparse narrative tree .
All the elements that could have made for a something worthwhile only deliver a painfully dull , over long , pretentious bore .
an insightful metaphor for the divisiveness in today 's United States couched , like her first , in a Western , this one veering more `` Mad Max : Fury Road '' than `` Nadja . ''
The Bad Batch is challenging , unnerving , and even hilarious in whip-smart bursts .
Though definitely not for mainstream tastes , Ana Lily Amirpour 's bizarre , beautiful film feels like an arthouse movie from an earlier time , more of a dare than a comfort , more active than passive .
Amirpour ... delivers this imaginative tale as a simplistic allegory of the haves and the have-nots ; she ruefully delights in the wasteland 's postindustrial wreckage while leaving characters ' thoughts and motives blank .
Ana Lily Amirpour has learned a few lessons from QT about the disreputable joys of blending kitsch and ultraviolence .
If The Bad Batch is an ultimately pointless journey , at least it 's one that takes us through some genuinely new territory -- one populated by bodybuilding cannibals and soundtracked by '90s - style boomboxes .
In short , I did not like it though I 'll still line up for Armipour 's third feature .
As a whole , Amirpour has a lot to be proud of with The Bad Batch . Her work is bold , unflinching , and often challenging , and I would expect nothing less from her as a filmmaker .
Even if The Bad Batch calls to mind the post-apocalyptic landscape of Mad Max , Amirpour 's visual sensibility remains strikingly unique .
Did I mention the soundtrack is great ?
The bizarre fortune-cookie philosophy of its coda just emphasizes how impoverished this film feels when it comes to unifying themes , or a big picture that would find meaning in all the little incidents .
No matter how strange or confusing the story gets , details and humor ground the narrative , with the blanks filled in by a simple guiding premise about the importance of human connection and artistic expression .
It 's one of those movies that plays like they simply filmed the director 's notebooks rather than a script .
Pretty but also vacuous and self-indulgent .
The Bad Batch is a bracing vision of post-apocalyptic America that 's also terribly stilted and sometimes downright silly .
A shocking film , the kind that divide people 's opinion . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's just not enough excitement or empathy in this movie to move past `` yes , this is gruesome , but I get it . ''
A grab bag of visual punchlines and topical references capped with interchangeable music tracks .
The Bad Batch might be a bloody stew of undercooked ideas , but its originality and ambitious aesthetic make Amirpour 's sophomore feature another sight to behold .
At nearly two hours , it does overextend itself a bit -- the third act could be a lot tighter -- but I was always interested in seeing what came next .
The movie is full of scenes that feel like this is the one where the film 's really gon na take off , but inevitably they all end before hitting that point . It 's cinematic blue balls . Lots of exciting build-up to , well , lots of frustration .
The Bad Batch is n't necessarily bad by itself , but it feels bad compared to all the other , similar batches we 've seen over the years .
Despite good work done by some of the cast this post-apocalyptic cannibal tale wanders in the desert for far too long .
It 's the type of film that , whatever time of day you watch it , makes it feel like half past two in the morning .
The Bad Batch is expertly constructed and looks great : Amirpour has presumably been inspired by Alma Har ` el 's documentary Bombay Beach , and has picked up the same atmosphere of bone-dry decay as well as using the actual place as a location .
The story runs out of steam - with a full ninety minutes still to go .
Running close to two hours , the movie is overlong and not without draggy patches , but it 's sustained enough to keep you watching .
Though there 's much to savor in the pic 's lavishly distressed visuals and soundscape , its narrative feels increasingly stretched and desultory .
An ambitious , expansive dystopian sci-fi western which features partying , drugs , and cannibals .
Consider a moment a lesser `` Mad Max : Fury Road . '' Now consider a greater `` Southland Tales . '' Now drive out into the Saharan expanse of quality that still exists between those two things , find the exact midpoint and plant a flag for `` The Bad Batch . ''

@highlight

The Bad Batch has its moments , but it 's too thinly written and self-indulgent to justify its length or compensate for its slow narrative drift .