Aiming to be a synthesis of Wes Anderson and Richard Linklater , My Entire High School suffers from all of the issues that Anderson largely avoids .
One of the most unusual animated features to come out in the United States in a long time .
This is a cartoon that knows it 's a cartoon .
One of the more visually stunning comedies in recent memory .
Lots of the same shots are repeated over and over again , throughout the movie , as if the filmmakers were desperately trying to stretch things out to feature length .
Simultaneously satirising the predictability of disaster movies and the vacuity of teenage social cliques , My Entire High School Sinking Into the Sea is an odd amalgamation of contrasting tropes , but an engaging collage of experimental filmmaking .
My Entire High School Sinking into the Sea is n't as wonderful overall as the best of Studio Ghibli or Pixar , but it 's the kind of small , unique picture that 's only possible in animation .
While this little animated production does feature some creative highlights , its content makes it a tough endorsement at full ticket price .
My Entire ... turns the sentiment `` School sucks so hard '' ... - into a hellish , blackly comic apocalypse Carrie White would envy .
Mumblecore meets 2-D animation in this handcrafted artifact that spends 75 strange minutes , sometimes amusingly , searching for an audience that might not really be there .
Chockful with the fall and rise of prototypical high-schooler conflicts and catastrophes , John Hughes on a variety of hallucinogens and pharma , but the tastily strange filmmaking is about handmade apocalyptic velocity and explosive score-settling .
Despite the rather constant stream of jokes , Shaw infuses his story with a fair amount of tension ... Much more impressive than the script , though , is the animation : bright , layered , sometimes gory , and often kaleidoscopic .
It 's a veritable Poseidon Adventure for a new century . The school may be wet , but Shaw 's writing style is dry , having the tang of brilliant , bored high school kid comedy to them .
It exists as some kind of fantastical wish-fulfillment , in which the guy whom nobody likes ... gets to have all of his assumptions confirmed and his opinions justified .
The animation set pieces scattered throughout the movie are frequently inspired , pulling in all manner of media and materials , and the backgrounds can be dazzling .
It 's crazy and ridiculous at times . But I ca n't help agreeing with Assaf , who observes , of his companions ' rescue plans , `` I like it . It has the logic of a dream . ''
At first I was n't receptive to Shaw 's smudgy , wobbly visual clutter . Then I realized , `` Oh , this is a thing . ''
Wonderfully creative in its approach to doomsday ... strange work , but accomplished and quite funny when it wants to be .
Shaw 's animation is a loopy , inventive mish-mosh of elements : thick pen outlines , fine etching work , washes of finger-painted color , and the occasional outbreak of full-on psychedelia .
Graphic novelist Dash Shaw 's first feature animation is a hilarious pastiche referencing everything from video games to `` Scooby Doo '' to `` The Poseidon Adventure . ''
Regardless of who he made it for , My Entire High School Sinking Into the Sea is a very talented debut that will , hopefully , put Shaw and Samborski on people 's radars .
The title event literally kicks in with a smart visual flair , and students , teachers and administrators all scramble to save themselves in best `` Poseidon Adventure '' fashion .
With so much going on , this is a coming-of-age that does n't really slow down .
Despite the numerous problems with character and the generally flat script , it 's an exhilarating piece of animation that breaks conventions and teases at further possibilities in future projects .
What 's fun about My Entire High School Sinking into the Sea ca n't be separated from its swiftness and casualness : it never asks you to take it all that seriously . But it 's got a fluky sensibility all its own .
Does n't plumb the depths of adolescent emotions and high-school politics so much as skims the surface in a psychedelic dinghy .
The animation is at times intentionally crude , but there are interesting touches as well - grasping , inky tendrils of color , psychedelic patterns , some other clever visual ideas .
There 's something inherently hilarious about shoving bratty Jason Schwartzman into Gene Hackman 's role from The Poseidon Adventure .
The film is more for the fans of Dash Shaw . For the rest of any possible audience , My Entire High School Sinking into the Sea will be dismissed .
Defying expectations of yet another wallow in teenage angst-ridden miserablism , My Entire High School Sinking Into the Sea instead exudes an openness towards the possibility of people from different walks of life bridging social divides .
Mostly - as that title deserves - it 's a funny , imaginative trip down a high-school rabbit hole , in which we 're reminded that catastrophic disasters may come and go but what matters in high school is where you fit on the school 's social ranking .
The story is strange seemingly for the sake of being strange , and Dash 's sarcastic tone suggests that the whole thing is just a joke .
It 's not like a trope-laden story registers as a high crime or anything , but there 's little to recommend beyond the intermittent delights of the animation and the impassioned voice work .
Edgy high-school disaster comedy is memorably offbeat .
Shaw 's scattered visuals are reflective of adolescent emotional life . His kids are learning , in ways that recall both the insight of comic artist Lynda Barry and the lunkheadedness of `` Beavis & Butthead . ''
Shaw 's loose , thick characters throb on the colourful , ever-changing textured and hand-painted celluloid even as the cynical teens quip and quibble like world-weary literati .
As the picture continues , its brightly colored visuals grow ever more psychedelic and phantasmagoric .
The feature debut of animator and cartoonist Dash Shaw , My Entire High School Sinking Into The Sea plays like a hipster graphic novel brought to life . I do n't mean that as an insult .
A colorful , hand-drawn calamity comedy that is equal parts John Hughes , Wes Anderson and Irwin Allen .
The film knows how to wield emotional power , exaggerating the anxieties of its adolescent heroes until they become actual threats to their existence . There 's nothing else like it for many fathoms .
Holy guacamole ! Fast Times at Ridgemont High collides with The Poseidon Adventure in graphic novelist Dash Shaw 's exuberant animated mash-up .
Scrappy and surreal , this GKids release should appeal to both eccentric teenagers and onetime eccentric teenagers with fond memories of `` Daria '' and `` Clone High . ''
This handmade approach is a big part of the film 's DIY charm . It 's also a perfect match for the story , which seems to have been pulled , too , from the messy locker of teen-boy imagination .
Sinking Into the Sea is fun , but an hour of just Rudolph and Watts in the recording studio would be no less buoyant .
At only 72 minutes , My Entire High School Sinking Into the Sea manages to undo and examine more teen angst than you would expect from an animated , coming of age , disaster movie .
It 's about as intelligent as the smartest teens you 'll encounter , finding their way through the misery -LRB- and sometimes joy -RRB- of a suburban high school , and in that humor and warmth it works .
My Entire High School Sinking Into The Sea is slight and uneven , but its quirky , handmade aesthetic nicely conveys its characters ' adolescent vulnerability and restless spirit .
The story is a sly mix of first-rate adventure and secondary-education satire .
It knows that you can dismiss it as a twee hipster arthouse vanity project but it 's going to make you guffaw while you do it .
The true star ... remains Shaw 's technique-a dizzying mixed-media mélange of bravura squiggles and winking broad strokes capturing the essence of kids in over their heads .
Shaw maintains a thrilling pace in which anything can happen , and often does : Jellyfish ! Explosions ! Spontaneous flight ! Evil jocks ruled by an obnoxious football star voiced by John Cameron Mitchell !
The effect ? A super-fun , bananas-weird tale of thrilling heroics and life-defining friendships animated with collage , line art , paint , Sixties liquid-light effects , and realistic botanical and animal sketches .
This year 's most hilariously unique disaster movie .
The film buzzes with hand-drawn creativity that 's precious in both the pop-cultural and material senses .
This animated teen meltdown is as snarky and brash as early-1990s MTV
Adorably minimalistic one minute and strikingly surreal another , the visual artistry of My Entire High School shoulders much of the weight of its storytelling .
Wildly bizarre and imaginatively alluring .
Combining a disaster movie with a high school comedy while also animating it is a rather ambitious combination . What 's even more incredible is just how well it all works .
The annoyance factor of `` My Entire High School Sinking Into the Sea '' extends to the animation , which is remorselessly clever and original yet still oddly uninvolving ; it 's like being buried in a dump truck 's worth of antic indie drollery .
A sweetly subversive dig at the constricting codes of teen hierarchies , the sheep-like mentality of youth and the failures of the education system .

@highlight

My Entire High School Sinking Into the Sea 's attention-getting visual style matches debuting writer-director Dash Shaw 's distinctive narrative approach -- and signals a bright future for a promising talent .