It 's not enough to compel cynics like myself , but it will likely touch the heart of romantics everywhere .
When was the last time you saw an earnest , honest-to-god romance that was n't drippy , Nicholas Sparks fare ?
You 'll walk away from this film lighthearted and wanting to hold someone 's hand .
Every time you want to hoot and dismiss this movie , the next moment it grabs you . Guilty pleasure . Good storytelling . Lurve . Gugu Mbatha-Raw . A star is born .
A carefully calculated romantic drama that spins out the usual manifestos about the music industry devouring pretty young singers yearning for acceptance .
The type of mainstream , commercial romance that 's increasingly rare : one that never loses sight of actual tangible pain and hope in its beautifully portrayed characters .
Smart and passionate , this is one of the ultimate Hollywood fantasies : an adult romance performed by gorgeous actors with palpable onscreen chemistry .
Something unoriginal is n't always pointless .
The conventions in Gina Prince-Bythewood 's movie are fully functioning , not so much challenged as fine-tuned .
It 's a competent entry in the genre , but it 's a shame that 's all it is when it had the potential to be a little more .
In every scene here , Prince-Bythewood calmly and sensitively melts our resistance to the outlandish , outsized quality of her plot and stays true to the message she wants to deliver without ever getting pious or preachy .
Given its pedigree , its roster of talent , Beyond the Lights is disappointing .
Writer-director Gina Prince-Bythewood stretches her tissue-thin story to the very limits of its appealing young stars and the acting prowess of Minnie Driver and Danny Glover .
Beyond the Lights is a surprising film buoyed by a terrific performance from star Gugu Mbatha-Raw , opposite the vastly underrated Nate Parker .
The film reminds us why straight-up romances are so few and far between these days : the genre depends on contrivance more than almost any other . But when the couple clicks , it still feels pretty damn good .
Any attempt at social commentary about our obsession with celebrity culture is undermined in the second half , which devolves into a series of overwrought emotional outbursts that merely pander to mainstream expectations .
The sexiest movie of 2014 ... And it only becomes sexier the more whole Noni gets . ''
One of the most rewarding films to come out -LRB- and then almost immediately vanish -RRB- in the waning months of 2014 .
Has the elements of a classic backstage story , but they do n't quite crystallize into an integral drama .
The subtle but wonderfully alive give-and-take between Noni and Kaz is the best thing in Beyond the Lights .
Dido in ` Belle ' and Noni here would n't seem to have a lot in common , but both roles present Mbatha-Raw as a woman searching for her authentic self within a cultural context that prefers compromised or cartoonish representations of black identity .
After an onslaught of overly moralistic , melodramatic love stories from the likes of Nicholas Sparks and Tyler Perry , the relative restraint of Beyond the Lights is practically a godsend .
Gina Prince-Bythewood finds the truth inside the trappings of celebrity , and creates a winning window for us to look through
This , then , is where Beyond the Lights most makes its mark -- not as a love story but as a look at the demands encountered by female entertainers in today 's marketplace .
It 's a movie about a rising superstar that features two of them-Mbatha-Raw and Parker , both enormously appealing , impossibly attractive performers with big futures ahead of them .
a fascinating cinematic experiment that represents progressive , feminist filmmaking without being overbearing
It will be a cable television experience that showcases the ample potential of it 's two lead stars .
`` Beyond the Lights '' is a faint shadow of 1992 's `` The Bodyguard , '' without the star power of Whitney Houston or Kevin Costner .
Powerful romantic drama depicts the downside of celebrity .
It might be easy to wave off this film as little more than cinematic candy , but if all candy were this nutritious and filling , the much-maligned genre of the big-screen romance might be in a healthier state .
Director Prince-Bythewood , who made the move from television to the big-screen in 2000 with the terrific romance Love and Basketball has a way with actors .
Unfortunately for a film about the importance of keeping it real , the drama here is largely formulaic , and the finish line crosses into the realm of artistic fantasy .
Gugu Mbatha-Raw finds a star vehicle , but the film 's unfocused ambitions are at odds
How bracing today to have a film that 's at once fun , patient , romantic , and real .
Beyond the Lights is often invigorating , and even when the plot heads onto shaky ground , the cast navigates with ease .
Prince-Bythewood is stingingly astute at what fame does to objectify women . And Gugu Mbatha-Raw , so good this year in Belle , is a shining new star .
Beyond the Lights is hardly a masterpiece by any stretch - this is big , dumb Hollywood . But good luck finding a single sequence devoid of pleasures .
The pic features performances and material that are stronger than expected . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
There 's behavioral truth here I wish the production trusted more , but the basics of Beyond the Lights are secure , offering those in the mood for tenderness a nice alternative at the multiplex .
Writer/director Gina Prince-Bythewood -LRB- `` The Secret Life of Bees '' -RRB- may have borrowed from the time worn formulas of films from `` A Star Is Born '' to `` The Bodyguard , '' but her modernized throwback still feels like a breath of fresh air .
It strikes a risky , though successful balancing act between being immensely entertaining as a musical feature and making dramatic , important statements about depression , self-worth and female empowerment .
If it were any cheesier , they could pour it on macaroni .
A formulaic , often melodramatic crowd-pleaser with thoughts on celebrity-driven culture and the ravenous appetite of fans , followers and the media .
`` Beyond the Lights '' does n't have much insight into the world of modern celebrity , but as a romance , its actors make it sing .
Along the way , Mbatha-Raw looks , sounds and moves like an A-lister . If `` Belle '' put the actress on Hollywood 's radar , `` Beyond the Lights '' heralds her superstardom .
Hard to begrudge a movie that takes a woman from hip-hop video hood ornament to disciple of Nina Simone .
Prince-Bythewood provides a distinct and needed voice in the genre .
Glamorous but never soapy , with subtle , moving performances by Mbatha Raw and Parker , and a script that respects the characters , with thoughtful details and easy humor .
While melodramatic in the vein of A Star Is Born , Beyond the Lights is also a wise and open-hearted look at the price of fame upon personal identity .
The movie has a soapy impulse that it would have done well to resist , given the occasional surprising strength of its more unvarnished elements .
Silly and stirring , and I meant both as compliments .
You 're drawn to her , and you root for her ; there 's something in Mbatha-Raw 's lovely , direct gaze that pulls us in .
Mbatha-Raw is clearly destined for bigger things . Consider Beyond the Lights a stop along the way .
The basic elements are very much like `` The Bodyguard '' and countless dangerous-rise-to-fame movies . The originality lies in the details , up-to-date themes and the strong performances of the relatively young lead actors .
The fact that `` Beyond the Lights '' is so effective at both celebrating and critiquing extravagance and artifice can be credited to Prince-Bythewood 's shrewd understanding of the highly pitched cinematic vernacular she 's working with .
Over the course of the film , Mbatha-Raw does many things , all of them quite well .
The film soldiers on through a couple of possible endings , and if its real destination is never truly in doubt , Mbatha-Raw makes the trip interesting .
This unusually intelligent crowd-pleaser is welcome proof that quality filmmaking need n't be limited by subject , audience or budget .
Prince-Bythewood is n't reinventing the wheel here , but she succeeds on a pure entertainment level .
Writer-director Gina Prince-Bythewood employs plenty of well-worn melodramatic devices , but sincerely ; the characters ' emotions ring true even when the story feels far-fetched .
Yes , we 've seen this movie before , but not as well-played or as smartly written .
Killer entertainment on the highest level of audience satisfaction .
The nuts and bolts we recognize , but Prince-Bythewood uses the premise to explore issues of race , sexuality , and identity .
A great display of Gugu Mbatha-Raw 's range , but sadly , it 's a mediocre movie .
Another commanding performance from Mbatha-Raw , who does n't need words to explain how the outer emptiness of Noni 's persona has found its way inside .
Prince-Blythewood 's attempt to create authenticity in a story set within the music business is elevated by having solid actors like Gugu Mbatha-Raw and Nate Parker to bolster it .
A star-crossed love story is only as good as its Romeo and Juliet . Both Parker and Mbatha-Raw have a sweet , smoldering chemistry that 's a joy to witness ...
Beyond the Lights is content to be a derivative PG-13 romance instead of shining a light into incisive issues of female identity and sexuality in show business .
The teary-eyed sincerity of the music-industry drama `` Beyond the Lights '' is at times too much , but despite its cliche elements , the film at least has the feel of a passion project .
Well-acted , sexy and surprising , considering its worn sell-your-soul-to-the-music business story .
Sometimes the most seemingly conventional stories are the best tools for digging into knotty , everyday truths .
Romantic , at times melodramatic , `` Beyond the Lights '' is entertaining and emotionally involving .
By rooting Noni 's self-image issues in a controlling mother , the script provides the film with a tame , melodramatic structure that dulls the thorny matters of identity and expression at its center .
Beyond the Lights might not single-handedly revive the backstage melodrama on the big screen , but the movie manages to drag it defiantly into 2014 ...
Love in the time of hip-hopera !
A rather watchable film that is reminiscent of The Bodyguard -LRB- sans the stalker sub-plot -RRB- that also works well as warm-hearted romance with soap opera elements .
-LSB- Prince-Bythewood 's -RSB- film is more interesting than it is good . But if `` interesting '' includes 50 alluring close-ups of Parker giving hungry eyes to Mbatha-Raw , then `` good '' is overrated .
Bythewood has purposely taken on an almost impossible scenario and made it something special .
Gina Prince-Bythewood 's entertaining music-biz melodrama is no less satisfying for the familiarity of its soapy trajectory .
Gugu Mbatha-Raw gives a fierce lead turn in Gina Prince-Bythewood 's messy but undeniably entertaining music-biz romance .

@highlight

Thanks to smart direction and a powerhouse performance from Gugu Mbatha-Raw , Beyond the Lights transcends its formulaic storyline to deliver thoroughly entertaining drama .