`` Viceroy 's House '' is appropriately somber . It feels like the wheels of history had been put in motion long ago , and a few well-meaning people on all sides are n't enough to stop them .
Those of us who had the good fortune to watch the TV series The Jewel in the Crown or Ivory 's Indian films will learn to miss them with this film : something is something . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Richard Attenborough 's multiple Oscar-winning masterpiece comes repeatedly to mind , and while Viceroy 's House does n't have the epic sweep of Gandhi , it 's shorter , less demanding and more entertaining .
It is always enjoyable to sit back and watch the actors do their work .
It plays out as if it was a PBS refresher course on the partition of India in 1947 .
What gave the film depth was how Chadha wove together the political situation and the stories of the Indian servants in Viceroy 's House .
Personally poignant , Gurinder Chadha reveals a cultural legacy that still reverberates today .
Viceroy 's House has some less-than-graceful scenes and a romance thread that eventually becomes formulaic , but they do not take away from the stunning , moving story that is on screen .
For those patient enough to stick with it , Viceroy 's House will spark the mind , but it strains to touch the heart .
Directed with great care by Gurinda Chadha , this splendid motion picture should be shown in all World History classes .
The need to cram historical information , a conspiracy theory involving Jinnah and Winston Churchill , nefarious doings ... and the perfunctory romantic subplot leaves no room for the drama to breathe .
Bonnenville 's steel-chinned and earnest portrayal of Mountbatten drives the film , matched by Gillian 's compassionate presentation of Lady Edwina .
It 's handsome , important , and moving in places , but it just is n't enough movie for the subject matter .
... ca n't grasp a consistent tone in its melodramatic depiction of true events .
The film explains so terribly much about then , 1947 , as well as now , 2017 .
So , it is sad that her passion project is compromised by a story saddled with a clichéd star-crossed love story that is unworthy of a political solution that ultimately cost about 1 million lives .
There 's something pleasantly old-fashioned about `` Viceroy 's House . '' It feels like a Merchant Ivory period piece posing cultural questions within a safely cushioned environment . There are no guessing games , but also very little subtext .
A sprawling story of the final months of British rule over India in 1947 , Viceroy 's House attempts to mix the political and the personal with varying degrees of success .
`` Viceroy 's House '' works , but mainly as a historical refresher on the 70th anniversary of Indian independence . As drama , it 's a reminder that truth is sometimes more affecting than fiction .
Turbulent division of India seen by both Brits and Indians .
... bland as a carob brownie and quite confusing .
A richly developed historical drama about the partitioning of India .
Ultimately , Viceroy 's House might be worth a visit just for certain tasty details .
And so we 're offered , on the 70th anniversary of the Partition -LRB- give or take a couple of weeks -RRB- , another film about how brown suffering makes nice white people sad . The cynicism is well-earned .
The formula is a bit too neat and the dialogue is often painfully expository , but there are some fine performances ...
At the end of this sprawling , passionate but generously non-partisan epic , a moving coda reveals the director 's personal stake in telling the story her way . You should stay for the credits .
Proves a far more absorbing and thematically rich experience than its history-lesson trappings might imply .
The film carries a trace of the sweep of a great screen epic along with the straightforward , explanatory qualities of mass-audience TV , and is never less than absorbing .
Using the trappings of old-fashioned romanticism , Chadha envisions the cataclysmic upheaval of millions in the traumatic lives of a few .
The only thing that offsets the film 's self-negating revisionism are the scenes involving Gillian Anderson vicereine .
What the film does n't misrepresent , it trivialises .
Viceroy 's House is ultimately a halfway house : it barely functions as an expose of the arbitrary manner in which borders were drawn between India and Pakistan , and does n't provide a satisfactory ground-up view .
In 106 minutes , Gurinder Chadha ably paints the anxiety and painful relocation of millions on the both sides of the border . Her handing of a clean chit to England 's last Viceroy to India seems over-simplification of the historic episode though .
Chadha 's Upstairs Downstairs view of events is a tad soapy , although she does give us some striking scenes that bring the film 's history vividly into focus .
Sumptuously decorated historical drama from veteran director Guridner Chadha -LRB- Bend It Like Beckham -RRB- that recounts the final days of Britain 's domain over a divided India .
The film feels like a six-part miniseries , condensed .
A strength of the film is its balanced nature . While events may not have taken place precisely as depicted , you do see varying points of view in deciding the right path to independence .
Anderson 's performance is a meticulous assemblage of gestures and intonations -- stiff-necked posture together with an aristocratic drawl -- which sit oddly but believably with Edwina 's liberal disposition and sharp instinct for game-playing .
Chadha 's passion is surely part of what makes Viceroy 's House so accessible .
Jumping between bureaucratic manoeuvring and matters of the heart is n't always packaged with the smoothest transitions , and does n't give either side of the story much depth .
All this detail makes this British-Indian co-production fascinating on many levels , and the decision to stage almost all the action in and around the Viceroy 's House was an apt one .
Fascinating , infuriating , entertaining and perhaps misleading .
A chunky clunky history lesson , Viceroy 's House leaves you feeling as if you 've been kept back after school for something you did not do .
Intellectually engaging , yet emotionally detached , Viceroy 's House is a fascinating tale that needs telling and looks great .
It 's a gentle reminder that this may be an entertaining retelling of events , but the experience is still felt by the families who experienced them .
The most profound accomplishment of this haunting film is Chadha 's ability to manage the multi-protagonist elements and the multi-layered story , forging a cohesive and satisfying epic .
A moving tale about the tragic partition of India , Gurinder Chadha 's immaculate production glistens with authenticity , but the film is stilted and the tokenistic , central love story lacks both passion & credibility
Chadha manages to pull at the heartstrings , entertain and provide a historical perspective in a film that demands to be seen , and most importantly , discussed .
It 's informative and enjoyable .
The characters are thinly sketched and it never feels anything other than a contrived attempt to dramatise the divisions that opened up within the country as Hindus and Muslims jostled for power . There 's no genuine emotion .
Chadha ... has set out to make a personal-political drama with a solidly populist edge , a bold ambition for which deserves three cheers .
Perhaps some stories are just too big to be told in an hour and three quarters .
In the end , the film is lively and enjoyable , with a strong sense of humour and some romantic surges that help the story resonate .
For the uninitiated , this is a splendidly clear account of a pivotal chapter in world history . For the rest , it 's a timely reminder .
While the film might have gone further in laying bare the true scale of the political subterfuge and the upheaval it caused , it is refreshingly blunt about a period of history often viewed through a rose-tinted lens .
Fighting a stealth war on conventional thinking , Chadha offers us a tantalising epic , what you might call a halfway house .
A drama that observes the politicking in the run-up to the partition of India and Pakistan into separate Hindu-majority and Muslim-majority states .
Chadha weaves together various emotive subplots with varying degrees of success , resulting in a film that 's watchable enough but one that also sometimes feels a little lightweight .
With its poignant themes and unquestionably powerful story , it 's a wonder why in its final moments , Viceroy 's House never quite reaches the memorable or moving heights that it should have .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- a perfectly decent primer , and it 's high time this geopolitical powderkeg had its resonant moment in the multiplex . But a bit like India and the putative Pakistan , it does n't quite know if its many moving parts all belong under the same roof .
The cast are as grand as the gaff . Fans of BBC costume drama will likely be happy cinema patrons .
Too quaint , too polite , too focused on the light comedy rather than the terrifying drama .
Snappy , snappish historical drama about the partition of India rings with sly humor , dry cynicism , and a smack of relevance for today 's divisive politics .
The pain and bloodshed of partition is distilled in a Romeo and Juliet romance , trite and tokenist , between a Hindu servant and his Muslim beloved .
Viceroy 's House is at its best when the pomp and circumstance is kept at bay and the film is allowed to capture the everyday reality of life in the palace just before the British leave .
Clumsily fuses political drama with romantic melodrama .
This material could make for a powerful work , but `` Viceroy 's House '' is certainly not it . The film 's chief offense is its bland inoffensiveness .
This is easily Chadha 's most ambitious film to date , and her best in a long time .
This film , though flawed , remains an important one to indulge in , as a timely release that scrutinises over humanity , and how cruel we can be to one another based purely on religious beliefs .
A vivid and coherent account of an impossibly complex period of Indian history which is driven by fine performances by Dayal , Bonneville and , particularly , Anderson .
Chadha has distilled a fascinating and epic true story into a starchy , stuffy , sanitized period piece that never fully engages on an emotional or educational level .
Viceroy 's House is no very profound work , but it is a nimble and watchable period drama .
`` Viceroy 's House '' clumsily merges a waxworks biographical study of Lord Louis and Lady Edwina Mountbatten ... with a passionless Romeo-and-Juliet romance between two of their servants caught in the fray .

@highlight

Viceroy 's House brings a balanced perspective to its worthy , historically grounded story while taking care to enliven the details with absorbing drama .