-LSB- Barry -RSB- Jenkins gets superb performances that are all the more impressive given the relative paucity of dialogue , let alone frank verbal expression of emotions in a deliberately close-mouthed script .
Jenkins ' authorial voice is resounding and strong and his determination admirable .
Part of what makes Moonlight such a revelation is Jenkins ' delicate treatment of the inner lives of black men . There 's a tenderness we rarely see as the film shines a light on a subculture where too often vulnerability is seen as weakness .
Chirón 's three sequences of physical confrontation with his surroundings have meaning and motive . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Moonlight transmits a message of self-acceptance with which any person - regardless of their gender , physical or social condition - can identify themselves ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Moonlight is a beautifully layered film filled with so much emotional content and lyricism .
Moonlight is a rich and profound character study grappling with questions of race , masculinity , sexuality , class , and love with unerring confidence and poetry .
Stories like Moonlight , told humanely and intelligently , with complexity , nuance , and hope , may help more of its children envision their own .
... a detailed description of how helplessness leads to the construction of shells to survive . And how this armor can serve the outside world and the inner , blocking the desire and the ability to communicate , maybe forever . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Moonlight '' arrives as a gift , one worth keeping - and regifting .
Reveals a different type of coming-of-age story that takes a compelling approach to cultural and sexual identity .
Jenkins handles this intimate tale with assurance and delicacy , seducing us with the film 's gorgeous photography and drawing us ever deeper into its hero 's fraught journey .
Moonlight is a powerful film , exquisitely made , that tells a story of how love can heal all wounds , especially if that love comes from an unexpected place .
Moonlight is a drama that can be separated from representational politics , but should n't be .
Moonlight is one of those rare movies that just does n't take a wrong step . It is an astounding piece of cinema that compassionately taps into a facet of American life that is not often explored .
Jenkins accomplishes what few filmmakers ever succeed at : to move out of the private story into a historical , social and cultural statement , without one element dominating or even detracting from the other .
It 's a groundbreaking piece of cinematic film ...
As a melancholy character piece about an inarticulate young man who ca n't quite become himself no matter how many permutations of his image he puts out into the world , this is strong stuff .
Powerful performances anchor a trilogy featuring a bullied African-American at three stages of his life .
What is remarkable about Moonlight is that Jenkins and playwright Tarell Alvin McCraney have crafted a film which has this place so deep in its bones that it strikes me as impossible to separate any aspect of its form from the context which produced it .
Stick with Moonlight for some perspective . You 'll absorb something good and emerge more reflective about things you 've never thought of before .
Moonlight is not just sublime cinema , this is pure art .
Moonlight is a complicated film , though the elements are so gracefully interwoven it never feels burdensome to the viewer .
The beauty in Moonlight is how it manages to preserve black manhood by actively destroying performative masculinity at every turn .
Just go see it . You 'll be glad you did . As I said to the publicist after the screening when he asked me for my reaction , It 's a movie that will stay with me for a long time .
This is a quiet and powerful film that everyone should try to catch .
Moonlight is a film that moves you .
In Moonlight , Barry Jenkins charts an intimate portrait of the plight of young African-American men and nods to the influence of spirituals in the African-American tradition of the Blues .
It is tempting to call it a universal story , a timeless story , but this is too comforting , too glib.It is a specific story , of being queer , black and poor in America - still a story that is little told onscreen .
-LSB- Moonlight is -RSB- a slice of cinematic poetry with a vision all its own .
Moonlight 's beauty is that it shows how the parts of us hidden deep in darkness can still shine brightly .
Moonlight is among the best films of the year .
The masterful level of craft in the film is obvious .
Moonlight may be a quiet , understated gem . But you can expect the buzz surrounding it to become deafening .
The five stories ' most striking commonality is placing its characters in conflict with the American ideal of being able to forge one 's own destiny .
Jenkins ' handling of Chiron 's sexuality is as quietly oblique as everything else in the film .
Writer-director Barry Jenkins puts the audience inside Chiron 's almost constant state of discomfort through the use of silence and close-ups .
It 's a classic , Man .
Moonlight is a pretty good film that has been embarrassingly over-hyped .
In Moonlight , moments of physical collision are filmed to emphasise their tactility .
A delicate and sensitive masterpiece . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
Chiron 's entire life is filled with so much pain and hardship that you ca n't help but feel an increasing sense of fear and tension that suddenly , things could go completely and tragically wrong . Imagine living with that fear every day of your life .
Moonlight is a reminder that cinema can be a profound human experience , a means of understanding experiences one may never face .
Through each of their performances , and the rich narrative , Jenkins delivers an authentic , necessary statement of black male self-love .
Moonlight is revelation .
In this hateful political climate our nation is experiencing , we need more personal stories like the one told by filmmaker Barry Jenkins .
Jenkins ' skill is in silences , and in his refusal to make people say more than they would -- no grand expository speeches here -- and in the heartache he shows in the faces of the splendid actors .
Here is a movie designed to make white audiences proud of the tears they shed in a darkened theater because those salty drops of water prove just how sensitive they are , except not really .
Moonlight 's depiction of conflicted masculinity is built on sophisticated contrasts .
Jenkins , working with cinematographer James Laxton , makes us feel as if we 're right there with Chiron , using handheld cameras that flow sporadically , yet delicately , in and out of scenes .
Moonlight is hard to classify ; even harder to describe , in terms of its considerable achievements .
The most remarkable thing about Moonlight is how three different actors play Kevin/Chiron , and each version adds resonance to the other two .
Filled with extraordinary performances , Moonlight explores the tension between private and public selves for a closeted black individual who feels pressure to conform to traditional but arbitrary standards of masculinity . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
A cinematic symphony of the patterns and rhythms that come with deciding who you 're going to be .
An excellent , powerful and impeccably acted film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Cinematic experiences like this do n't come around very often , where you bear witness to a vision that feels both completely fresh , and as universal and deeply personal as film-making can get .
Jenkins , cinematographer James Laxton and composer Nicholas Britell combine majestically to elevate Chiron 's epic to celestial plains .
Moonlight looks ravishing , but loses the plot .
Director Barry Jenkins has made known publicly his admiration of Wong Kar-wai , and Moonlight is reminiscent of the Hong Kong auteur 's work in both cinematography and feel .
Simple , beautifully made and finely acted ...
I doubt that I will see a better film than Moonlight this year .
A film where what prevails is a feeling of bewilderment as spectators , amidst great performances and photography . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Moonlight -RSB- has freshness , imagination and control that are the marks of true accomplishment .
Words spoken truly and honestly are hard won in Moonlight , but the film is more than capable of expressing itself in silence .
Moonlight represents American independent cinema at its finest .
An almost impeccable achievement . Revelatory filmmaking .
Cinema has been in and around this area time and time again , but Moonlight still feels abundantly fresh and endlessly imaginative .
Moonlight is a relatively intimate piece . This works to its advantages , certainly , in the final quiet set-piece between Chiron and Andre . It also allows Jenkins to tackle big subjects with care and tact .
From the start Moonlight announces itself as something different entirely .
Life had been scraping along before Chiron was born , and it will likely keep trudging towards an overdose once he is gone . Moonlight is the story of a lifetime , a worthy Oscar contender .
Material that should by rights be harrowing has become , in Jenkins 's hands , euphoric .
This is a deeply compassionate film that not only does astounding work on the being black , being gay front , but is also about anybody who feels they exist outside the world they 've been born into .
A film of rare empathy and shimmering beauty .
I defy anyone not to get completely drawn in .
You wo n't find a more sensitively rendered , evocative , or surprising coming-of-age film than Barry Jenkins 's Moonlight .
An intense , emotional film with tenderness in every frame .
Equal parts poignant and heartening , this is a unique and uniquely told story that deserves to be seen .
Moonlight is at its most eloquent when its subtext is soft-spoken .
The combination of artistry and emotional directness in this film is overwhelming .
A poem of light and colour , of faces and the play of physique , of passions revealed by glance or gesture .
This is a beautifully made , strikingly acted and powerful drama that has something vital to say about black sexual identity in present-day America .
A fascinating portrait of male fragility that knows how to use all the problems that plague its protagonist to offer a portrait as delicate as interesting . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A genre-defying film . Its visual splendour belies its tough , surface-level subject matter , while the performances pull us deep below that surface with their soulful naturalism .
An ocean of eyes
Sensitive , subtle and heartfelt , Jenkins ' genre-buster is a significant work that will knock you out .
A radically disheartening film of beautifully disturbing and forceful images that tries to transmit moods and vital drives by strictly audiovisual means . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The best film among the Oscar 's Best Picture nominees , Moonlight glows like an iridescent animal , tender in touch and sensitive to the complexity of life .
Nothing is forced in this beautiful film . The emotions are describe in an exquisite way , there are no moral judgments and does n't seek resources to move the viewer . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The visuals distracts from the drama , taking away harshness to a hostile and inclement landscape . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The whole film is resolved in an indefinite , fragile and at the same time indestructible space , in which everything relevant acquires its authentic value . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A story capable of subvert class and of race topics in a clever way with a deep and human portrait that annihilates various prejudices and archetypes along the way . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that explores solitude , uncertainty and it 's intimate and possesses beauty . The filmmaker relies on sounds and camera locations that allow you to feel what the protagonist experiences . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A story of indefinition . Of a life in constant danger of being shattered , not by the lack of options -LRB- although also -RRB- , but by having to choose between many , and no good . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An authentic , complex , operatic , boldly expressive meditation on the circularity of time , alongside identity and love in all their forms .
While the muffled dialogue and slang may stop you from understanding every word , one thing is sure , there is no mistaking the powerful statement this exploration of the Afro American male makes ... . The subject matter is tough ; the experience is touching
This is a remarkably good movie about one man trying to find love and his place in the world .
In Moonlight sex and sexuality are key . However , it 's a strangely asexual film . A more like a thesis about desire more than a cinematographic experience . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Moonlight may not be a film for everyone , but it 's a film everyone should be encouraged to see .
What it does manage to say -- be it about community , tolerance , gay masculinity or most obviously , the concept of inevitability -- it puts across beautifully and poignantly .
A beautiful and noble film -LRB- could be seen as a sort of african american version of Boyhood -RRB- , but far from that less than revolutionary spirit that a lot of american critics and the Hollywood Academy itself exalted . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An intimate and haunting drama .
A film that insists on a reflective narrative advance , with no special effects of great spectacularity , providing an alternative vision of that tragic determinism that dictates the life of the African American ghetto inexorably . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Jenkins gives us a sensitive chronicle of growth , maturation and self-acceptance . A remarkable film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Although it 's not bad , I found it overrated , as it tells a story through a trite narrative formula and flat characters that we 've already been seen in dozens of films . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of the best films of 2016 , that tells us that our humanity emerges when we feel empathy and compassion . When we see each other and learn to forgive ourselves . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A well-made , simple and unpretentious film that reflects in a sensitive and profound way around the human condition . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of the most important and urgent premieres to watch , as it tackles the topics it talks about with integrity , ambiguity and lots of dignity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Smaller and more modest than other great productions this story has subtle yet powerful attributes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that , rather than responding to tendencies or needs of genres or easy labels , finds its power in the humane through a viscerality of various nuances that finds a unique eloquence in its cast . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A personal/political triptych which offers keen perspectives on masculinity , queer sexuality , racial identity , and the odd angles at which they intersect .
It 's one of those rare films that actually hits you the hardest the moment it finishes , when , all of a sudden , you realise what it is that you 've actually been watching .
We 've seen movies and television about this sort of man before , and one of Moonlight 's strongest assets is the way it refines this character type , subverting the narrative .
There 's possibility in every moment , as you see when Chiron reconnects with the grown Kevin -LRB- Andre Holland -RRB- , and those moments keep accumulating until Moonlight is an unforgettable vision of love and acceptance .
The performances are all very good indeed , and the film 's serious , concerned tone suits the subject matter .
What begins as an arresting blend of lyrical storytelling and bad-neighbourhood harshness gradually ferments into a relentlessly melancholic dirge in dire need of somewhere to go ... an early contender for the most overrated film of the year .
An essential experience that has the definition of identity as a central theme , which is presented with an elegant and sometimes romantic style . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This remains a story about dignity and , despite everything , beauty , with fine , naturalistic acting throughout and often gorgeous cinematography capturing the stark sunlight -LRB- and rich moonlight -RRB- of southern Miami .
So much is left unsaid in Moonlight . But nothing is left unfelt .
This is unmissable .
A film that proves to have an extraordinary sensitivity to address the internal drama of its main character , an outstanding identity and solidity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's going to take something spectacular to come along and knock Moonlight off its perch because it may very well be the best movie you 'll see this year .
The societal import of a work of art - in this case Moonlight - is vital to our understanding of it as a whole but should not make a work of art beyond reproach .
In shot after shot the movie puts you vividly in its hero 's headspace -- to stunning effect .
With the precision of a cinematic diamond cutter , filmmaker Barry Jenkins has crafted a great three-chapter chronicle ...
This may be a movie that is keeping it real for most of its time on screen but in the end , Moonlight fair glows with possibility and hope .
There are too many quality aspects , particularly the performances , to ignore this film , which has stimulated much discussion .
Moonlight defies more than the movies . It defies the way we identify ourselves as well . If you 're looking for shorthand , call it the portrait of a person . Say it 's also beautiful to behold , and brilliant .
Jenkins does n't just show us the experience of his young protagonist , he bathes us in it .
Coming together with a pace that is deliberate but never sluggish , Moonlight is a beautifully human cinematic experience , and something to behold .
Moonlight depicts an American story of which America needs to be reminded .
Moonlight is a film full of mesmerizing mystery . As it slowly searches through a young man 's conflicted heart , it creates a moment-to-moment feeling of discovery . It leaves you with a sense of pure wonder .
There are several movies ' worth of themes to consider in this single , deeply felt drama of elegant , heartbreaking simplicity .
Right down the line , every single actor in the large cast paints a remarkable , unhurried , true-to-life portrait .
The multiple names place Chiron within the historical context of American racism : It 's a reminder that he is a resident of a country that stripped his ancestors of their cultural and literal identities .
It 's a special feature , rich with character and perspective , and it showcases what Jenkins is capable of , especially with difficult tales of lives lived in a constant state of fear .
A film with a name that radiates delicacy and shines with the simplicity , with a story simple but deep ; hard and beautiful at the same time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Is a portrait of life written with cut-to-the-bone honesty . That 's what makes Moonlight so arresting
Whether you see Moonlight as a perfect movie or not , it 's difficult to imagine that you wo n't be moved by the way Jenkins interprets and reimagines Tarell Alvin McCraney 's play .
The last third of Moonlight is certainly the most invigorating .
The performances in this film are as powerful as the emotions in the story itself . This is a great story about a man who , despite all the suffering he has been through in life , has somehow maintained his dignity and his humanity .
Little if any of this covers any real new ground , but there 's something about the way Jenkins has assembled & presented it that makes the story , characters , & themes feel fresh . -LRB- Full Content Review - Violence , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Although Barry Jenkins ' film is indeed about the struggles and difficulties of a person embracing his culturally reviled sexuality , the story is universal in scope and intent .
Besides being one of the year 's best films , Moonlight crowns itself as the most important . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Despite its rough exterior , `` Moonlight '' is a tender picture , a soft and understanding portrait of isolation , of living in the shadows by denying one 's true self .
Sixteen years in the life of a gay , poor , and bullied black man whose quest for wholeness touches our hearts .
Though Moonlight employs a stylistic , arthouse approach as opposed to a traditional narrative , it is nonetheless an important one to watch for people of all walks of life .
The film does n't offer any kind of soothing balm for our troubled times . What it does offer is a powerful affirmation of its characters ' complex humanity .
relies heavily on quite a few familiar clichés , but mostly transcends them by emphasizing their universality , which makes Moonlight more than a black film or an urban film or a gay film
There 's not a false performance or detail in it .
There is no justice in the world if Mahershala Ali does not get a best supporting actor nod for Moonlight .
Despite its melancholy , and at times upsetting subject matter , Moonlight is a film with a genuine , openhearted message : love survives . Surely the hardest of hearts would be moved by this beautiful film .
Exquisitely conceived and beautifully realized , Moonlight is one of 2016 's most radiant and must-see films .
` Moonlight ' is a rarity in cinema . And like all rarities , it deserves to be held close , lovingly examined , and treasured .
A masterpiece - one of the most incredible films of this year . Or any year .
The indie drama touches on themes of race , sexuality and isolation in ways that are rarely depicted in cinema .
An audacious , emboldening injection into the fabric of the American consciousness , a film that will be remembered as a watershed among followers as the reality of modern film is carved into the walls of important history .
A powerful , timely tale of lost youth .
Jenkins ' ensemble might be the year 's finest , with Naomie Harris , as the boy 's crack-addicted mother , and likely winner Mahershala Ali , as a kindly drug dealer , of all things , surely to earn Best Supporting Actress and Actor noms , respectively .
It 's only Jenkins ' second feature , but Moonlight feels more like a hard-earned career-capper rather than the career-igniter that it should become .
Moonlight is one of the most poignant , poetic and beautiful movies of the year .
If you 're looking for a moving story , artfully told by a filmmaker on the rise , Moonlight certainly warrants the hype .
It 's somehow hard to define great direction-it 's easier to define its absence-but Jenkins is surely a great director . He 's got it all and more .
I 'm in love with these characters . I ca n't stop thinking about them . And I ca n't wait to see this movie again .
One of the year 's most provocative and sensitive films . And one of the best .
Moonlight takes the concept of the bildungsroman to its natural end point in ways that many coming-of-age stories do n't .
Luminous and plaintive , Moonlight is emotional virtual reality , transforming a unique human experience into something universal and unforgettable .
... practically vibrates with authenticity , a sense of unique place and unsure purpose , gliding like a dream from which one does n't wish to awaken .
The visuals are lush , the performances are lived-in , and the story is lyrical , if painstakingly subdued .
An anguished , achingly affecting , incandescent , coming-of-age story - shattering stereotypes of the LGBTQ community .
Black lives matter in the quiet , contemplative Moonlight , but let 's not stop there .
Gay coming-of-age melodramas are common enough , but this is uncommon on most every level -- extraordinary , one of the best pictures of the year .
Moonlight is both a disarmingly , at times almost unbearably personal film and an urgent social document , a hard look at American reality and a poem written in light , music and vivid human faces .
It 's the inner more than outer intensity -- the compassion and dignity in Chiron 's ongoing identity crisis -- that stays with us at the end of this brilliant , lyrical work .
... has many good moments , with some of the best coming in quiet passages when the camera is still and we can focus on the interactions of the characters .
It is n't for black audiences or art-house audiences or liberal audiences or whatever reductive cultural niche people might try to shove it into . Simply , it is one of the most striking films of the year and it is , I believe , for everyone .
A life , any life , is a collection of moments - and the beauty of writer-director Barry Jenkins ' incandescent drama Moonlight is how he crystallizes three moments in the life of a young African-American man into a film that 's so moving and beautiful .
It 's one of the best things you 'll see all year .
`` Moonlight '' is a poetic and poignant story of immense and oppressive loneliness .
This is a remarkable film in every way .
Basking in this `` Moonlight '' is one of the cinematic joys of the year .
At times , Chiron 's life is heartbreaking , but the film ends with a life-affirming , yet understated , message . Moonlight deserves a spot among the most provocative films of the year .
A soulful , meditative character study of a character who does n't even understand himself .
Jenkins 's setups and scenes are remarkably perceptive , and quietly textured .
-LSB- Moonlight 's -RSB- uncanny blend of strong visuals , social issues , sexuality themes and urban life is a potent mix .
Jenkins ... tends to try on different modes , as though looking for ways to drape style around the story 's bones .
A work of extraordinary empathy about the kind of character we seldom meet at the cinema .
An intimate tale that will leave you deeply affected -LSB- and -RSB- one of the best films of 2016 .
A searing coming-of-age tale , one that goes well beyond any genre boundaries to resonate in a universal way .
It 's a coming-of-age tale writ large , yet director Barry Jenkins renders it so small and intimate you almost feel like you 're eavesdropping .
A unique , brilliantly acted twist on an indie coming-of-age film .
This is n't simply Jenkins ' sophomore effort -- it 's the defining pivot of his career , and one of 2016 's most essential pictures .
-LSB- Moonlight recalls -RSB- works from filmmakers as varied as Richard Linklater , François Truffaut , Fernando Meirelles , Cheryl Dunye and Spike Lee . But , in the end , the director makes this motion picture its own uniquely satisfying enterprise .
Jenkins lets the scenes play out with organic ease , and cinematographer James Laxton physicalizes the locations with a kind of off-kilter poetry .
Moonlight 's best moments come in Little 's reaction to Juan 's affection , but later scenes of Chiron 's erotic confusion and Black 's maudlin self-pity -LRB- he wears muscular drag yet succumbs to weakness -RRB- insist that viewers feel sorry for black gay males .
Jenkins accomplishes a feat of narrative genius . The three stories of Little , Chiron , and Black , could exist separately as shorts ... Still , we see them as one character in different stages .
The film left me tremendously sad at the near hopelessness of these lives , but also invigorated by the power of Jenkins ' storytelling , at once achingly specific and utterly universal .
`` Moonlight '' is a film of rare grace - a tender , compassionate , restrained look at a life lived in the shadows .
All it takes is a moment to change your life . One encounter , a tiny handful of friendships , a few life turns , fewer than you might imagine , this way or that . Barry Jenkins ' exquisite character study Moonlight understands this .
Barry Jenkins ' Moonlight is a deeply personal , deeply expressive film , unlike anything I 've ever seen before .
Chiron 's life experiences have almost all been bad but , in the end , the character is given a glimmer of hope and possible happiness .
Truly , madly , deeply : There 's magic in this Moonlight .
Bullying , poverty , closeted sexuality , drug abuse , and racial strife combine to form an overworked agenda of cultural woes that 's more concerned with rubber-stamping issues than telling an original story .
In its quietly radical grace , it 's a cultural watershed - a work that dismantles all the ways our media view young black men and puts in their place a series of intimate truths .
A deeply personal and visually mesmerizing drama that just might be the year 's best movie .
As good as -LSB- Hibbert , Sanders and Rhodes -RSB- all are , it is Holland who makes the strongest impression , the director 's alter ego in guiding this young man towards the light .
Touching and disturbing , avoiding clichés , shattering stereotypes and succeeding from every angle .
It 's less a story than a collection of moments , which leaves its viewer feeling moved and changed , as if you 've spent time in someone else 's dreams and woke up understanding who they are .
It may cast a spell on anyone who has known loneliness , exclusion , feelings of inferiority or a desire to be encased in a hard shell to protect a soft interior .
If you 're patient enough to stick with it , the emotional payoffs are profound .
Moonlight is a story that needed to be told and is achingly beautiful every step of the way .
Every piece of Moonlight is staged in service to a humanist question : What would love mean to a boy who 's been conditioned to hide ?
The film soon moves from the familiar to the foreign , becoming a textured exploration of black masculinity and coming-of-age that plumbs beyond clichés and stereotypes .
A decidedly-dystopic , African-American answer to the relatively-sedate , suburban bildungsroman served up by Boyhood !
`` Moonlight '' is a minor miracle , a movie that mines beauty out of the ugliest situations , and a glimmer of hope from heartbreak .
If you think art should challenge us , then you will embrace writer-director Barry Jenkins ' exquisitely crafted drama Moonlight . It 's a true American masterpiece and one of the best films of the decade .
Aided by beautiful , stereotype-shattering performances and subtle but rich cinematography , it is something heartfelt , stirring and unforgettable .
... lit with what can only be described as the aching color of compassion .
This is a humane movie , one that 's looking to prompt empathy and introspection most of all . On those terms , Moonlight is one of the year 's most gripping viewing experiences .
Honest and realistic exploration of one man 's journey from a neglectful childhood to adulthood and finding his own - highly personal - way in the world . The main character happens to be black and gay .
This is a vivid and tremblingly lived-in portrait of young black manhood and sexuality , rendered with genuine power and grace . I 've never seen anything quite like it , and most moviegoers probably have n't either .
Barry Jenkins ' second feature is basically Boyhood if it had been made about , well , someone else . That does n't even begin to unpack the layers and resonances in this startling drama
So few unexploitative movies are made about young black men , especially young black gay men , that the overpraise for this frail , sweet , discursive fantasia is understandable -- and forgivable .
It just needs to be watched and embraced , as an entirely fresh example of the power that great movies can exert on our lives .
Directing , screenwriting , acting , cinematography and music combine superbly in the movie , which is based on a play by Tarell Alvin McCraney and has been compared to Richard Linklater 's Boyhood and Charles Burnett 's Killer of Sheep .
Perhaps other great films will be released between now and the end of the year , but I honestly ca n't imagine any being as worthy as Moonlight for every top prize .
What 's most wondrous about Moonlight is that it 's an uncommonly small story that has so much going on . Beautiful filmmaking on every level -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
... an intriguing yet erratically-paced character study .
Barry Jenkins 's excellent Moonlight is a film filled with bittersweet ironies .
We are continually challenged , yet held close to the heart of the story by its romantic lyricism and , most of all , the spacious humanity of its love for its characters .
In this film , with minimal plot and dialogue , -LSB- Jenkins -RSB- brings his camera up close to his characters . Without telling us how to feel , he gives us the space to feel Chiron 's inner thoughts .
Jenkins crafts cinematic poetry that will echo through to his next movie and beyond
`` Moonlight '' is gorgeous and yet bleak , uplifting and yet sobering , exhilarating but also grounded in some unshakable realities .
Moonlight is incredible -- poetic , haunting , gorgeous , ambitious .
This is a wholly special and candidly heartfelt film .
It 's so good it may restore your faith in cinema .
A perfect film , one that exemplifies not only the formal and aesthetic capabilities of a medium at its most visually rich , but a capacity for empathy and compassion ...
Barry Jenkins ' character study Moonlight proves to be every bit as luminous , mysterious and elemental as its title .
`` Moonlight '' is Miami 's first bonafide movie masterpiece .
`` Moonlight '' exerts a tidal pull on your heartstrings , but honestly : It 's better than that .
Every year , we get only a few of these , movies that come out of nowhere , that are different , unexpected and wonderfully right . `` Moonlight '' is that kind of movie , one of the gems of 2016 .
A moviing coming of age story of self discovery that should resonate with audiences and at Oscar time .
Consider the thin and thick wallops of blue ... Blue , blue , electric blue . Lazy blue . Electrified blue . Wash of water . Ice-blue buzz of fluorescence . Azul , azure , lapis lazuli , teal , turquoise , sea , seafoam , sky , cerulean , cobalt ...
Moonlight , then , is subtle and evocative , as much a sensory experience as a linear journey .
It 's possible to appreciate `` Moonlight '' purely on an intellectual level . But if you happen to be gay - and especially a gay person of color - you will know exactly what a truly monumental achievement this film is .
Mostly , -LSB- Jenkins -RSB- keeps you immersed in one young man 's moment-by-moment sensations and emotions . That 's a lot .
Jenkins burrows deep into his characters ' pain-seared memories , creating ferociously restrained performances and confrontational yet tender images that seem wrenched from his very core .
It 's a coming-of-age story that admits no one ever truly comes of age . We make choices and change shapes .
Hopefully it does n't take Jenkins another eight years to make a film . But we can take comfort in the very strong likelihood that , even if it does , it will be well worth the wait .
This is a movie set in an on-screen world that feels familiar , the American inner city , in this case one of Miami 's toughest neighborhoods . But it meticulously defies the conventions typically associated with movies about that milieu .
Cinematic poetry and one of the best films of the year .
He takes a while getting there sometimes , but director Barry Jenkins combines the personal and the political better than almost anyone .
It 's a compelling and resonant drama that gets way under the skin and stays there .
This is a quiet , modestly scaled film -- a character study made by a filmmaker blessed with unusual amounts of curiosity about his characters that demands an equal commitment of patience from its audience -- but the payoff is beautiful .
Heartbreaking , mature , unforgettable coming-of-age drama .
Director Barry Jenkins has somehow figured out how to envelop this turbulent story in an atmosphere that 's achingly tender and even beautiful .
It 's a touching film that sensitively explores one person 's search to find out who he is .
Deeply affecting , Moonlight is a small , beautifully told story that resonates well beyond the time spent in the theater .
Jenkins ' emotionally resonant and ambitious approach to filmmaking allows the picture to outshine its shortcomings .
Well-acted with exquisite cinematography and has its fair share of poignant moments , but it falls short of reaching the heights of powerful coming-of-age classics like Boyhood .
Exhilaration and melancholy are dispensed in equal doses by Moonlight , destined to be one of the better-reviewed films of this year , and for good reason : It 's a masterpiece -- an overused word , but not the wrong one .
By the end , you may long for a fourth chapter .
There is so much pain in `` Moonlight '' that it 's a little hard to breathe at certain moments . But there are others , of connection and redemption , that positively glow .
Moonlight provides a candid , achingly melancholic portrait of marginalization in America .
An important and affecting piece of LGBT cinema that comes at a time when the world -LRB- and especially this nation -RRB- needs more stories like it .
A haunting piece of high art .
Moonlight tells a coming-of-age story in passages , each possessed of enough stand-alone power to operate as a wonderful short film , even as the whole proves much greater than the sum of the parts .
Jenkins mounts no soapboxes and brandishes no manifestos in his attempt to illuminate the inner life of this troubled boy turned teenager turned man . Instead he shows us the love that other characters feel for Chiron ...
Easily one of the most personal and most powerful films of the year .
Barry Jenkins ' game-changer about growing up black , gay and alienated in the Miami projects is both intimate and epic . It gets inside your head , makes you see the world with new eyes - and then it owns you .
Moonlight is a film so measured , so delicate and powerful , that it proves to be sensitive in ways most movies are n't , even in ways most of life is n't .
`` Moonlight '' is magic .
A question is posed to the main character of Barry Jenkins 's wondrous , superbly acted new film , Moonlight : `` Who is you , man ? ''
Hype would bruise Barry Jenkins 's Moonlight , which is so delicate in its touch that the usual superlatives sound unusually shrill . It 's the gentlest , most suggestive of great films .
A work of art all its own , thoughtfully made and deeply affecting .
Floridly shot , richly humanistic drama about a young man coming of age in a rough Miami slum tangles with love , violence , identity , addiction and sexuality .
By the end , calling `` Moonlight '' an `` important '' film seems like an insult . It 's even better than that .
This achingly beautiful coming of ager leaves its mark on both heart and soul .
`` Moonlight '' glows .
A remarkable drama about a young black American man wrestling with his sexuality in a society already prejudiced against him because of the colour of his skin .
An elegiac , raw , painful film that explores the strangeness of growing up gay in Miami 's black community in the 1980s .
A nuclear-fission-strength heartbreaker . It 's made up of moments so slight and incidental they 're sub-molecular - but they release enough heat and light to swallow whole cities at a stroke .
Moonlight surprised me . Then it rattled me to my core . And finally , it nestled snuggly inside my heart .
An astonishing film from Barry Jenkins . One of the best films of recent years .
It 's astutely judged , beautifully humane and , in its final throes , devastatingly romantic .
Under Jenkins ' direction , Moonlight is both haunting and poetic , a bittersweet elegy for what could have been . His unflinching camera , which tends to follow the film 's characters like a ghost , gives the film a startling immediacy and emotional power .
Jenkins has an extraordinary eye for ordinary spaces , the contexts within which his characters must define themselves .
A drama that 's as frustrating as it is innovative in its storytelling decisions .
Moonlight feels almost as prescient as it is heartbreaking -- which is to say , profoundly .
Moonlight moves for a while in heady bursts , like memories rushing back .
What tends to right Moonlight , even when Barry Jenkins 's filmmaking drifts into indulgence , is the strength of its actors .
An emotional but discrete drama about the acknowledgement of homosexuality in an African american young man . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Acting as urban cinema 's `` Brokeback Mountain '' and `` Boyhood , '' it 's as if we got to see `` Ennis '' and `` Mason '' grow up in a different culture and era . In this case , it 's even more powerful and profound .
Moonlight is proof that stories which are more specific and focused on idiosyncrasies and particulars of individuals are often more equipped to effectively engender universal responses .
It is thrilling , sensuous stuff .
Humane and deeply moving .
With repressed men of all races increasingly finding reason to lash out , Moonlight asks us to put down our arms and open our hearts .
The work of a major film-maker and not just a promising one .
A staggering work .
The acting elevates the clichés of Barry Jenkins 's script into something approaching lived truth .
That rare film that seems to wholly capture a human experience , in all of its tragedy and wonder .
Understated and thought-provoking .
Moonlight is mesmerically , sometimes swooningly , shot and scored , and well-acted all round too .
A memorable drama that analyzes the way we relate with each other under modern society standards . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of Moonlight 's remarkable strengths is how completely it avoids preaching , after-school messaging , or pat cinematic answers .
One of the year 's best films , one of those movies that sneaks up on you and packs a wallop in the end .
Leaves you feeling both stripped bare and restored , slightly better prepared to step out and face the world of people around you , with all the confounding challenges they present . There 's not much more you can ask from a movie .
Moonlight is a film that is both lyrical and deeply grounded in its character work , a balancing act that 's breathtaking to behold .
Moonlight is a quietly introspective depiction steeped in unparalleled honesty of the ways in which we 're saved and damned throughout our lives .
A masterpiece of poetic filmmaking , Moonlight is one of the most powerful films of the year .
Moonlight takes the pain of growing up and turns it into hardened scars and private caresses . This film is , without a doubt , the reason we go to the movies : to understand , to come closer , to ache -- hopefully with another .
Moonlight is a beautiful piece of filmmaking .
Jenkins balances raw honesty with dreamy imagery and keeps his narrative loose , riding emotional beats instead of getting trapped inside a finite beginning and end . That is exactly how it should be .
A triptych illustrating the tidal ebb and flow of identity , Jenkins 's film is awash in dreaminess , while still examining the life of one young man with piercing clarity .
Moonlight is always in tension with itself . Sometimes it wins and turns into something absolutely , rapturously lovely . Sometimes it loses .
There 's warmth and tension in every frame , mostly from characters trying to find the right words or motions to express themselves .
An indelible portrait of an imperilled life , `` Moonlight '' is a devastating depiction of masculinity , race and identity . Ambitious in scope but precise in its execution , this deceptively small-scale character piece reverberates with compassion and insight .
A rarely seen portrait of what it really means to be a black gay man in America today . It 's a stunning achievement .
Glows like its title .
Barry Jenkins ' vital portrait of a South Florida youth revisits the character at three stages in his life , offering rich insights into the contemporary African-American experience .
The story 's power comes from the gaps between words - and an ongoing battle to find the right ones .
Jenkins and McCraney have artfully cobbled together something that is impressionistic and wondrous , like a compendium of half-remembered memories , tinged by sadness .
There have simply not been enough films about the gay experience of African-Americans or other people of color for that matter . Is is not hyperbole to note Barry Jenkins ' magnificent new drama `` Moonlight '' is a historic achievement in this regard .

@highlight

Moonlight uses one man 's story to offer a remarkable and brilliantly crafted look at lives too rarely seen in cinema .