About once a year , a film bursts out of nowhere that 's simply the funniest thing since the last funniest film of the summer . This one is a sharp , smart and hilarious frat comedy that 's everything Bad Neighbours should have been , but was n't .
Go for a load of laughs and stay for the end credits .
There are enough hits to keep you smiling , and the action scenes required to liven things up . Returning fans wo n't be disappointed .
After a month of action blockbusters and mediocre comedies , it is refreshing to sit in a theater and actually laugh out loud , and intentionally so .
Flimsy stuff , for sure , but the stars ' easygoing chemistry and sharp comic timing keep the laughs coming .
If this sequel is guilty of anything it is of flaunting total excess in the name of comedy .
The movie is neither here nor there plot-wise and needs some better female characters-ladycops , anyone ? - but coasts merrily along on Tatum and Hill 's tremendous chemistry and charm . Pointless ? Yes . Fun ? The most .
Phil Lord and Christopher Miller , have clearly seen their share of crappy unnecessary sequels , and want to assure us that 22 Jump Street will follow proudly in that tradition .
The mere fact that the filmmakers are aware that they 're playing the role of a wholly unoriginal cog in the corporate machine does not really excuse their unoriginality .
Yes , the movie feels every bit the hot mess it pretends to be , but it 's also as shrewd and careful a live-action sequel as you 're likely to see this year .
The film 's end credits feature more unbridled creativity than most films employ in their entireties .
22 Jump Street belongs to Hill and Tatum . Thankfully , their offbeat , odd-couple vibe is still ridiculously entertaining .
Magnificently stupid with flashes of brilliance . `` 22 Jump Street '' is a zany action comedy that fizzles a bit at the end , but generates enough laughter to make it a very worthwhile sequel .
While `` 22 Jump Street '' may not be quite as funny as its predecessor , it still manages to deliver a multitude of laughs over its stretched runtime , all while using pretty much the same premise .
If there 's a funnier comedy this year , it 'll have to be something quite special .
Provides another showcase for the ever-shlubby Hill and the ever-hunky Tatum
Despite some inevitable lulls , several scenes are as consistently funny as anything we 've seen for years . And , like Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy in last year 's The Heat , the dialogue between the two leads makes up for the holes in the plot .
Full of inside jokes -LRB- hey , we 're making a sequel -RRB- and fantastic performances , `` 22 Jump Street '' is everything you want in a sequel and more .
Its adhering to formula nearly kills the film for that middle hour while the bromance plot thread is arguably based in latent homophobia .
While this film is dominated by vulgar , slapstick humor , it is not exactly brain dead . There is a certain self-aware , self-mocking quality to it . It also helps that the characters are basically good guys .
It does n't disguise its intention as a blockbuster summer sequel that 's more financially than creatively motivated .
This is a film that is creative enough ... to mock its own lack of creativity .
Proving that sometimes the same joke is funnier the second time around , Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum return for a major serving of big , broad , stupid laughs .
All you really need to know is that it 's the cleverest sequel to a dumb movie of all time .
The jokes are fresh and more often than not manage to produce some big laughs .
'22 Jump Street ' tries to catch a meta-wave on the shoulders of its stars , Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum .
While much of this is pretty standard stuff , it 's all easy to take thanks to the engaging performances from the two leads . The screenplay contains quite a few funny lines , and the direction by Phil Lord and Christopher Miller is crisp and efficient .
Subversively satisfying , if senselessly silly sequel .
In fact , much of the bawdy humor in 22 Jump Street comes from its makers ' staunch refusal to take anything about the venture seriously .
In a summer of sequels , the most laughs so far , and by far , come from a raunchy retro repeat that makes plenty of fun of its own recycled folly-and expense .
Begins with a clip of a professor discussing the meaning of yin and yang , and that symbol of apparently opposing but in fact complementary forces becomes a kind of theme .
22 Jump Street is not just a sequel , it is a 112-minute running gag about sequels , including the adaptation of the title .
Most stars are terrified of looking like fools but Tatum runs head-on into his dumb jock visage .
Perfectly satisfying ... betting everything on Hill and Tatum being delightful to watch in their little platonic romcom and winning that bet .
You 're here -LRB- or should be here -RRB- for The Hill & Tatum Show , which worked so well first time around and is just as good this time .
It 's the easy chemistry between Tatum - who gets funnier the dumber he acts , and here he 's playing a character who ca n't remember what a library is called - and Hill that makes sure this is never less than entertaining .
It 's lightweight instead of high-concept . Silly instead of crass . It 's the funniest spoof movie I 've seen in a while .
This sequel to the hit action comedy 21 Jump Street is better all around : the pacing is more consistent , the sight gags more imaginative , the self-referential jokes sharper .
22 Jump Street goes further than any other mainstream Hollywood comedy in normalising the emotional transactions between men .
`` 22 Jump Street '' is n't a deep , meaningful or original movie . But it 's a lot of fun , and sometimes that 's enough .
22 Jump Street is hardly fresh , but the picture has enough energy to get by .
The beauty of the Jump Street franchise is its inherent reasons to be lousy , that everyone involved brazenly embraces . Seldom does any movie series so freely and hilariously point out what a bad idea it seems to be .
22 Jump Street takes Hollywood comedy to a whole new place - a neat trick for a picture whose business plan is revisiting the past .
The sequel to deconstruct all sequels
I 'd like to report a murder . The buddy-cop comedy is dead , drowned in a sea of d *** jokes by directors Phil Lord and Chris Miller . Hey , at least it died doing what it loved .
What can you say about a movie that pokes fun at itself except ` Pass me the popcorn ? ' Because '22 Jump Street ' is great grownup popcorn-movie fun !
Abundant in charm and loose-limbed energy , it 's a guaranteed crowd-pleaser , possessing everything one wants from a big Hollywood studio action-comedy .
You 'll be laughing too damn hard to care that sometimes 22 Jump Street feels a little familiar
They do n't just repeat themselves , they become the idiotic Platonic ideal of repetition .
How low will they go ? Pretty low , but the more outrageous the indignities , the funnier the film gets .
22 Jump Street is pretty much the exact same movie as 21 Jump Street . It knows it , you know it , and it knows that you know it . And that is why it 's brilliant .
Wild , fast , fun and , in the service of comedy , bromantic .
Let 's just say that the prospect of a 23 Jump Street seems more like a favor than a threat .
The plot is n't original but the humor is fresh and the humor is the reason we see these movies .
Self-referential irony is hardly a new gimmick , having served as the underlying premise for such franchises as Scream and Austin Powers , but rarely has it been indulged with such fervor .
I have a hard time believing the movie had a script that included dialogue . The movie has no character development . It 's an embarrassment .
Phil Lord and Christopher Miller 's second-best film of the year -LRB- behind The Lego Movie -RRB- .
22 is as much about making sequels as it is one-to hilarious effect .
Funny sequel is just as crude , over-the-top as the first .
I was let down by 22 Jump Street , and it once again proves that sequels are often inferior to their predecessor for a number of reasons .
22 Jump Street pulls off the comedy sequel balancing act better than just about any comparative franchise - with extra points for skewing its own sequelness .
With a new title , some new faces and an insane amount of action , the story never runs out of steam ; which is good enough for an evening 's entertainment .
Tatum can be naturally funny on-screen , but Hill makes him doubly so , emphasizing his slow-to-awareness takes on one end , and his physical prowess on the other .
Not only is this sequel every bit as funny as the original , it is even more inventive . Success apparently allowed everyone to feel comfortable going for bolder , crazier ideas this time around , and that approach pays off .
Just because you know you 're a lame retread does n't mean you 're not a lame retread .
Filmmakers Phil Lord and Chris Miller -LRB- who are themselves impressive partners at this point -RRB- know enough not to mess with a successful formula .
22 Jump Street is so embarrassed of its own existence that it lacks the conviction to actually do anything .
A rambunctiously generous , relentlessly goofball mass of laughter . I 'm not sure what hit me so hard , but I became the incarnation of the legendary Inappropriate Laugher . Everything is awesome .
22 Jump Street has the same writers and directors as the first film . But it 's not smart this time as much as it is clever , and that cleverness tips into spottiness and cynical self-congratulation .
With Lord and Miller reminding everyone that they might be America 's best comedy directors , 22 Jump Street succeeds by bro-hugging its own absence of originality or innovation and partying with it at spring break .
Jump Street knows you know about the predictability and cheapness of sequels and rip-offs -- and in this case , to avoid the downfalls of other summer comedy sagas , embracing that problem might have been the best move for this absurd , unique franchise .
Though I enjoyed enormously this latest offering in the rebooted Jump franchise , it 's the effortless , unexpected bromance/partnership between the two unlikely undercover cops is what makes this franchise work .
In TV parlance , this is classic Jump the Shark criteria , and 22 Jump Street leaps and bounds away .
A 90 minute gay joke interrupted by 15 minutes of other stuff . The same movie as `` 21 Jump Street , '' but not as funny .
It 's so self-aware that it goes from being clever to annoying and then , thanks to a laugh-out-loud closing credit sequence , back to brilliant .
It works by correctly realizing that the most absurd thing about 22 Jump Street is the fact that a movie called `` 22 Jump Street '' is even being made at all . This is a grand feat of self awareness .
The only problem is , the doubts the characters jokingly express turn out to be all too valid .
There 's something going on at the edges of the frame in practically every scene of 22 Jump Street , a testament to the care and attention to detail directors Lord and Miller bring to this potentially silly material .
Consistently funny , even though it tallies fewer laughs compared to its predecessor .
22 Jump Street jumps off where 21 Jump Street ended . When it 's funny , it 's really funny . When it 's not , it 's REALLY not .
They get to poke fun at sequels and simultaneously make sequel money , which is a great frigging gig if you ask me .
Sometimes it 's good to be wrong ... twice .
An at-best-mediocre comedy with a few more laughs than the limp 2012 film . . like so much contemporary comedy , is n't really about anything , except its own meta-ness .
The the picture is more than a wink-fest -- it 's often blazingly funny .
... a rather worthless followup that makes the lackluster original look polished and captivating by comparison .
It takes the homoerotic energy bubbling under the surface of buddy action pictures and raises it into the sunlight , where it can flex its pecs and growl .
That Stoner No. 3 from Knocked Up and the tank top from Step Up have become Hollywood 's freshest comedy duo is impressive .
The pacing has improved , even if the story coheres less , and Bell makes a hilarious and malevolent irritant : She 's like the quieter white female counterweight to Ice Cube .
At what point is sarcasm just a cheap substitute for wit ? Exactly when does joking about how all sequels are just lame , repetitive cash-grabs start to suggest that maybe yours is , too ? Actually , in this case , about 40 minutes in .
There 's no real reason `` 22 Jump Street '' should work . Yet it does .
Does the meta-acknowledgment that everyone 's in it for the bucks give a purposefully dopey sequel more cred ? ... You bet .
Every bit as enjoyable as its predecessor , because , it does n't take itself too seriously .
Just because I was n't in stitches watching this sequel does n't mean the general public wo n't bust their collective guts at the mayhem .
Repetitive , juvenile and asinine . Yet another example of the decay of American comedy .
Like they say , if ai n't broke , do n't fix it .
Maybe not up there with Gremlins 2 : The New Batch but certainly one of the funniest sequels ever made .
By doubling down on the chemistry between Tatum and Hill -LRB- and by giving Ice Cube a lot of room to be amazing -RRB- , 22 Jump Street gets deeper and funnier than the first movie . It is , simply put , absolutely awesome .
Overcomes the limitations of a sequel by facing them head-on , doubling down on the meta-references and staying a step ahead of us with multi-layered jokes and split-second sight gags .
More money , less funny .
Maybe this is product , maybe this is art , and maybe it 's both .
Tatum and Hill are able to sell the revision because they 're playing it straight up . Moreover , they actually have chemistry together -- and using their thespian skills , they turn every bonding moment into a romantic soap opera climax .
When the film turns to new material and characters , it 's fun to watch . There 's just not enough of those new comic moments .
This sequel 's spoof of its predecessor 's riff on the original 1980s-era buddy-cop TV show coalesces into a raucous , raunchy , irreverent , imperfect riot .
No , the film 's not as funny , or fresh as the previous version , but it 's charmingly aware of said fact . It 's a film that says `` fuck it '' and does it anyway , throwing caution to the wind and yelling `` something cool ! '' along the way .
... coarse , anti-intellectual , and extraordinarily unfunny ...
From its ` Previously on ... ' opening recap through its hilarious closing credit push for the animated series , video game and sequels which move their address up through 40 , this meta in joke has the good sense to keep its audience in on it .
Just think back to everything that was funny in `` 21 Jump Street . '' It 's exactly the same .
Lord and Miller are on a roll , and there may be no better moviemakers at playing to our modern need for irony - at giving us the entertainment we crave while acknowledging our distrust of it .
`` 22 Jump Street '' is preposterous in the best possible way .
Even if 22 Jump Street feels 22 minutes too long , chances are youíll be laughing hysterically though 12 of them , and fighting to find your breath during the rest .
This is one of those movies you forgive its plot holes and lazy scripting , because the laughs are so prevalent and the chemistry of the cast remains so spot-on . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also Available -RRB-
Hill may still be the experienced rib tickler , but Tatum may soon take his crown and together they make 22 Jump Street a real treat .
22 Jump Street might not be as consistently funny as its predecessor , but it is twice as clever .
If it seemed Channing Tatum and Jonah Hill could n't possibly exceed their over-the-top buddy cop antics of 21 Jump Street , you lost that bet .
What separates 22 Jump Street from sequel mediocrity is that everyone 's in on the joke .
Not what you would call fully formed , but it 's still fun . Channing Tatum keeps getting better and better .
Remember that feeling when you realized The Hangover II was A sequel that has as many laughs as a Texas spring has tornadoes .
Like its stars , `` Jump Street '' gets extra credit for getting by on charm while sticking to the rules .
Lord and Miller continue to mine a similar vein of absurdist gags , boosting the laughs-per-minute ratio of its predecessor .
It does n't have the pleasant surprise factor of the first film , but it 's actually even better .
Enjoyably light on its feet , even when it 's self-consciously treading old ground .
It works well enough , more often than not , though heightened levels of raunch and chaos seem not so much meta as frantic .
Channing Tatum again proves to be the funniest person on-screen , nailing the sweetly dumb act -LRB- `` I 'm the first person in my family to pretend to go to college . '' -RRB- .
It 's the sequel to end all sequels . The only problem : It 's so irresistibly funny it 'll probably spawn a trilogy .
22 Jump Street may be the most arbitrary sequel since Bad Boys II . If it 's not the worst , that 's strictly because of Channing Tatum .
The creative team behind this , including the two leads , end up giving far more than the minimum they could have gotten away with -- which results in an unusually fun and funny film .
22 Jump Street could be the greenest comedy sequel of the new century so far , a movie that takes recycling crime caper clichés to absurdist extremes .
The movie always operates on two wavelengths - one a dumb movie sequel full of dumb movie clichés and the other a movie mocking those very clichés .
Since this genre has more than exhausted itself over three and a half decades , writers Michael Bacall , Oren Uziel and Rodney Rothman are smart to hold a mirror up to the buddy cop genre , generating the comedy through self-awareness and self-deprecation .
The best bromantic comedy since 2009 's I Love You , Man .
The movie is crammed with jokes about how bad sequels are . And guess what ? Exactly .
An exploding piñata of gags , pratfalls , winking asides , throwaway one-liners and self-reflexive waggery .
The loopy , satirical commitment with which -LSB- the filmmakers -RSB- have approached this second part gives it a slight edge over its predecessor . A likable , unapologetically R-rated slice of lunacy but a hair 's width away from something greater .
`` 22 Jump Street '' is exactly what comedy is today . It 's coarse , free-flowing and playful .
A dumbed-down comedy that descends into a bad soap opera .
A self-aware sequel has to hop over hurdles to keep from swallowing its own tail , but the sharp writing and tag-team antics lift `` 22 Jump Street '' to a high level .
22 Jump Street is damn funny , sometimes outrageously so . It laughs at its own dumb logic and invites us in on the fun .
Uproarious . Undermines everything we think we know about comedies , sequels , and two-year-breaks
A brazen sequel that 's both slightly disappointing and a reliable , often riotous `` laffer '' in the old Variety trade-magazine parlance .
A fitfully funny sequel that lacks the surprise factor of its predecessor .
Nearly two hours of rationalizing repetition , even by winking at it , can get wearying .
The rare follow-up that improves on its predecessor ... consistently amusing and sometimes hilarious .
Hill and Tatum remain a hilarious , unusually winning combination . They 're two different flavors of nonsense , worth ordering twice .
... raucous , goofy fun that does n't assume the people who are watching are idiots .
Ironically , 22 Jump Street is kept together by the formula it ceaselessly mocks .
What makes it all work is the chemistry between Hill and Tatum , which in turn , of course , is a rich source of the film 's humor .
A genial class clown of a movie .
Pointing out the emptiness of a cash-in franchise sequel does n't excuse that very same emptiness .
Purposely blurs the lines between the actors and their characters for ` meta ' gags , but it does n't change what the movie is : just another dumb sequel .
Hill and Tatum make a classic and highly successful comedy team , balancing a series of amiable running gags and the most familiar kind of slapstick .
Prepare to fall in love all over again as Schmidt and Jenko go to college .
... a movie that spends its entire second act trying to coast on a single joke ; that joke being , `` Ha ha ! Those best friends are accidentally acting gay ! ''
Hill and Tatum ... have a Laurel-and-Hardy-like implausible chemistry that keeps you laughing pretty much no matter what they 're doing .
What 's the difference between `` 21 Jump Street '' and `` 22 Jump Street '' ? Same as the difference between getting a 21 and a 22 at blackjack .
`` 22 Jump Street '' realizes its main goal is to be ridiculously fun and that to do so it must be utterly ridiculous , as well as in on the joke .
This is the ultimate meta movie . The repetition is exactly the point .
Hill 's neurotic-motormouth act and Tatum 's lovable-lunkhead shtick still shoot giddy sparks .
It 's really all about how these two build a joke on camera . They get it . They top it . Then they get the hell out before you get stop laughing .
The movie features a good , though eventually tiring and self-defeating , gag about the inherent lameness of sequels .
There 's something brilliant in the way directors Lord and Miller subvert Hollywood , studios and even their own audience in the rare sequel that is equal to its predecessor .
22 Jump Street squeezes every last drop of comic inspiration it can get from Tatum and Hill , as well as the very notion of a sequel to such a superfluous enterprise .
It takes a little more than a new address and a Vietnamese Jesus to present the film with its own identity , and it 's a shame the sequel barely makes an effort to expand the series beyond a few cosmetic changes .
It may be `` Exactly the same '' as the first film . But it has the biggest movie laughs of the summer .
22 Jump Street is a hilarious continuation that successfully builds on what the first started .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- The filmmakers could at least have had the decency to create a new MacGuffin . No such luck .
Tatum and Hill generate chemistry aplenty in a laff-a-minute , ` bro ' - mantic adventure every bit as funny as the first .
As funny and batshit insane as the movie often is , the fact that the film knows it 's a tiresome sequel does n't save it from being a tiresome sequel .
Why fix what is n't broken ? 22 Jump Street is , for a very specific reason , the exact same movie as its predecessor , and for once that is n't a criticism .
A consistently hilarious stream of in-jokes keeps the audience in fits of laughter even if there 's virtually no plot to this follow-up to the 2012 hit 21 Jump Street .
As brash , rehashed gag-fests go , this easily passed the six laugh test - even before we got to the end credits .
The meta jokes are n't there because the film is being hip ; they 're all borne out of anguish . It does n't want to be another dumb sequel .
... this will be the most `` meta '' movie ever made ...
I particularly enjoyed the description of Schmidt and Jenko , dressed for Spring Break , as the stars of a sitcom called `` Hawaiian Dads '' .
It 's this summer 's comedy sequel without equal -- but Tatum steals every scene here , like a walking Golden Retriever who 's just happy to be so happy .
After the triumphant surprise that was 21 Jump Street , it feels a little too calculating .
Explosive stunts aside , it 's the chemistry between the guys that really sets the screen alight .
Tatum and Hill are just a really great double act , as different and thus well matched as Laurel and Hardy , complementing each other perfectly .
The gags in this follow-up to 21 Jump Street are wildly hit and miss , but its sense of glorious self-referential goofiness proves to be infectious .
Comic genius that does n't let up until well into the credits . All hail Lord Miller as they single-handedly attempt to usher in a smarter , funnier wave of Hollywood comedy .
The action 's bigger , Ice Cube 's angrier . Another silly treat .
Expect the same easy chemistry between the two main leads and the kind of silliness we have n't seen since the glory days of Leslie Nielsen .
Tatum is , predictably , adorable . His Jenko is a pumped-up naïf bumbling through life with a crooked smile , and Hill again makes a great sparring partner .
For all its self-reflexive jokes , 22 Jump Street is a very traditional affair that offers audiences the same pleasures as Laurel and Hardy , Abbott and Costello or even Jerry Lewis and Dean Martin films .
Funnier , cleverer , wittier , and snarkier , than the first film . It is nonstop self-deprecation that doles out well-deserved smacks to about 817 Hollywood things that desperately deserve it .
-LSB- Lord and Miller -RSB- are fast becoming the handiest duo to share a viewfinder since the Coen brothers .
Bigger , sillier ... and as on the money as anything five credited screenwriters have collectively come up with in years .
Lord and Miller have their cake and eat it . Again . Will they now go for the threepeat ?
A movie that made me feel guilty for laughing quite so much .
22 Jump Street is the kind of funny that leaves your stomach sore and face hurt .
Suffice it to say that it is a cannily-constructed film , and it does have a bigger `` movie '' feel than the first film . There are places where they swing for some big jokes that do n't quite work , but the ambition is dizzying all the way through .
Bigger and better - 22 Jump Street joins the exclusive list of sequels that out-gun their originals . We 're already knocking at the door of no. 23 ...
22 Jump Street ups the bromance between Channing Tatum and Jonah Hill to a new level , yet forgets that a great buddy cop movie needs quality action to go along with the gut busting laughs .
A sequel that 's just as funny , heartwarming and well-crafted as the original .
A film that , despite deliberately following its predecessor 's formula exactly , feels even more fresh and just as ludicrously funny .
This is n't quite as funny as the original . It does , however , come pretty close . By poking fun at the whole idea of a comedy sequel , Lord and Miller have hit on a new vein of comedy gold .
It 's the back and forth between Tatum and Hill that is the secret weapon , here , and they 're firing on all cylinders .
Better than the original , funnier than the original , and suddenly imbued with a fiercer intelligence , albeit filtered through a whimsically insipid concept .
While 22 Jump Street becomes a little too self-aware for its own good , Tatum and Hill 's bromantic chemistry delivers an acceptable amount of laughs for your typical summer blockbuster .
A worthy successor to the first movie with exactly the right combination of jokes and action that it 's not likely to disappoint too many people .
If 22 is n't as trim and tight as its predecessor , it 's certainly smarter and more heartfelt . Whether this sequel is better than the original is up for debate , but the franchise has definitely grown up .
If you liked 21 Jump Street , you 'll like 22 Jump Street , because it 's pretty much the same movie .
For once , cranking out a play-it-safe sequel yields something satisfying .
Sometimes the good-natured self-referencing gets in the way , but at its heart the film is a real pleasure , brimming with visual gags , clever word play and breezily silly action scenes ...
`` We 'd happily watch a ` Jump Street ' movie every couple of years for the foreseeable future . ''
There 's enough goodwill to balance out the clunky bits .
A wildly entertaining feel-good movie that not only rates as one of the best mainstream comedies of the year but also one of the finest sequels you are likely to see .
Sticks snugly to the prior film 's winning formula , mining the resultant doublings and repetitions for maximum absurdist hilarity .

@highlight

Boasting even more of the bromantic chemistry between its stars -- and even more of the goofy , good-natured humor that made its predecessor so much fun -- 22 Jump Street is the rare sequel that improves upon the original .