The movie has a nice look -- gray , rusted metal exposed to Siberian and Bering Strait snow . What it lacks is coherence and a compelling reason for us to take this often-abrupt journey with Aurora , Toorop and Sister Rebeka .
Babylon A.D. is a plodding incoherent fiasco , though an oddly compelling one .
Despite all its noise and bluster , this big-budget blockbuster is actually a rather slight dystopian sci-fi thriller .
Ultimately , Babylon A.D. is more of an advertisement for an extended and fixed cut , than an outright failure .
To put it bluntly , Babylon A.D. is a cluttered mess . Characters have been under developed , realtionships have no chemistry , and its conclusion feels rushed and leaves too many unresolved questions .
Violent actioner is dull , dreary , and defective .
A joyless mess of a movie .
There are moments here that are spectacular , and there are many more that are spectacular failures .
Kakostimeni apopeira foytoyristikis klotsoperipeteias , me metaiores senariakes akrobasies , tsoyhteres eksarseis melodramatismoy , asygkratites aythairesies metafysikoy kai enohlitikes omoiotites me to Pempto Stoiheio -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , poy dinoyn neo noima stin euro -
With bland protagonists and power figures unpleasant enough for us to want them out of our sight more than we want them defeated , it does n't do much to hold our interest .
Skip it aggressively .
I unfortunately had a seat that faced the screen and I have two hours of my life that I will never get back .
I call it -LRB- sneeringly , natch -RRB- the ` New Nihilism , ' but , to be fair , it 's really just the old , Franco-Prussian existential angst hole ratcheted up and dumbed down for our not so brave new world .
This occasionally lavish , often clunky venture is consistently watchable if not terribly memorable or distinctive .
As if the gruff dialogue is n't bad enough , the action scenes are merely adequate .
Strap yourself in for some pure violence and stupidity .
Whatever happened to Mathieu Kassovitz , the French actor director whose amazing film La Haine made such an impact 13 years ago ?
With his face like a squashed doughnut , and physique like the tyres of a huge truck , Diesel just does n't inhabit the same planet as Rampling or even Kassovitz himself .
With a messy storyline and screenplay to boot , the film feels disjointed and lacking true punch .
If Kassovitz really believed he had a classic in the making , why did n't he take a stand and nix the casting of Diesel while he had the chance ?
It 's as though the film 's final act was accidentally deleted on the digital editing console .
Mathieu Kassovitz is making a determined challenge for the stylish French sci-fi thriller crown of Luc Besson with this highly effective , highly charged action movie , even though he has had to rather mangle the novel on which it is based
It 's unclear which is worse -- to so liberally steal from films like Children of Men and Minority Report , or to be so offensively dumb in the process .
Por piores que sejam os problemas presentes nos dois primeiros atos do filme , estes nem se comparam aos pavorosos 20 minutos finais , que parecem ter sido montados de qualquer maneira para concluir a narrativa rapidamente .
The fact that Aurora incarnates some extreme other possibility -- be it `` light '' or darkness , miraculous birth or genocide -- makes her one more `` mother of the future . ''
Loses the few bits of intriguing groundwork it lays amidst a cacophony of mangled editing , lethargic performances , and an utterly unfocused and often contradictory narrative
Kassovitz and Simas make a near-fetish of including information that 's entirely useless , like the geographic coordinates of every location , as if Kassovitz think we 'll be checking our GPS units in the audience .
It 's the kind of film that 's such a waste of time and resources , you have to wonder why it was made in the first place .
` Oh well , ' said Vin , as the lights came up and the crickets sang their lonely song , ` there 's always my moving company : ' 2 guys and Vin Diesel will move you . ''
You know a film does n't have a lot going for it when even its director is n't exactly thrilled with the final product .
It will provide a fix of mindless violence , but that 's about it .
No matter who 's responsible , the movie is a dud -- one so sped-up and illogical , it 's almost painful to sit through .
`` xXx meets Blade Runner '' ... far from the worst film of the year and plays quite well as a bare-bones genre film . I think it 'll find a new lease of life on DVD .
Sure it 's a bad film , but what makes it worse is the ending , which is the worst of the year .
There 's a lot to not love about the film ... -LSB- but it 's -RSB- one of the most thoughtfully designed post-apocalypse futures put on film in years .
` Babylon A.D. ' has ideas , but they are hopelessly lost in a story with no interior logic .
I did n't even understand the title , much less the rest of the movie
it 's impossible to get excited about a movie when the leading man looks bored .
Much mayhem , brawling , dubious CGI , close encounters of the sexual kind and mystical gibberish ensue . Little of it makes sense . Less of it is exciting .
This is a case of a potentially epic tale being pruned and diced to the point where its underlying ideas are reduced to trite clichés .
Even if it never finds an audience outside L.A. , someone ought to write a book called When Dull Films Happen To Clever Production Designers .
An abysmal French thriller in which everyone -- Diesel included -- speaks as if they 've learned their lines phonetically .
-LSB- A -RSB- futuristic mess of biblical proportions .
Babylon 's plot is a lumpy mixture of The Fifth Element and Children of Men , while its dystopian future references Blade Runner , Dune , and The Matrix .
A must-see only for fans of snowmobile chases .
When this Vin Diesel vehicle is n't pointlessly frenzied , it 's narratively inert , wasting some decent production design , and a French-flavored cast primed for fun .
` I 'm very unhappy with the film , ' the director recently told an online magazine . Join the club .
Without whatever strident critique Kassovitz intends , it 's a typical B action movie -- the inevitable pseudo-warm bonding scenes deadly , the fights largely incoherent -- with the occasional pleasing set-piece .
Babylon feels like an almost random pastiche of good and bad . There may be a deadly virus , or genetic engineering , or a virgin birth , or some combination of all , it 's not clear .
For all its generic qualities , Babylon A.D. is well acted , briskly paced and consistently clear : Like Neil Marshall 's Doomsday , it 's bare-bones genre entertainment , no better or worse than it ought to be .
Did we actually NEED a brain-dead action version of Children of Men ? I say no .
The only explicable thing about Babylon A.D. is that it was not screened in advance for critics .
The final third is a stretch of moviemaking so utterly lacking in coherence and competence that Ed Wood himself would have been embarrassed to have had his good name attached to the results .
I almost feel bad for Vin Diesel , a genuinely nice guy who has reached the end of his rope as far as his career is concerned .
People that love Sci-Fi films will probably find a few things to like about it , but those looking for a slick production better look elsewhere .
I found myself sorta not hating it , and sorta fascinated by it , for about 45 minutes or so . Alas that the movie 's about 90 minutes long .
It 's no surprise that the movie is bad and offers nothing of value to paying customers .
Whilst some of the violence is conceptually interesting , it 's the idiotic plot and the characters ' dim-witted philosophising that really let it down .
Who recut it , Stevie Wonder ?
While Babylon A.D. is n't the worst big-budget sci-fi film ever made , it comes near enough to merit avoiding at all costs .
You know what ? I like Vin Diesel . And I 'm glad to see he 's back in action movies instead of junk like `` The Pacifier . `` It 's a shame that this is n't the movie it could be .
It 's all terribly muddled , jumbled and oddly inert , considering the amount of things that explode and other things that go bang
Undeniably awful .
So bad it will make you nostalgic for The Pacifier .
Whether the fault lies with a script crying out for further drafts before shooting , or a cheap studio shutting off its director 's creativity in order to save a buck , the dubious result remains the same . Babylon A.D. is a mess .
Seems simply like the aftermath of an artistic apocalypse .
I still have no idea why we were following around most of the people in this movie , and I do n't think the actors in it do either . If they do n't know what they 're doing then it 's doubtful you will .
A huge mess of a film that has many ideas behind it , but finds only poor ways to execute them .
As a notch in Vin Diesel 's action film belt , it serves its purpose . But come Halloween , I doubt anyone is even going to remember this film existed .
If the eventual director 's cut DVD proves this movie to be a masterpiece , then I 'll be first in line to buy it . Given what 's currently unfolding on the big screen , however , it 's no wonder the director is so eager to disown it .
Unfortunately , an abbreviated running time seems to have been the studio 's primary concern , with ... an infuriatingly truncated ending that appears to be missing about 30 minutes worth of plot
I ca n't decide what is most confusing - the nonsensical plot , the participation of Michelle Yeoh , or the fact that Vin Diesel 's voice has somehow dropped another register .
this is one time when audiences will wish the world ended sooner . A lot sooner .
This is just a tired sci-fi adventure that is adapted from a hefty French novel , Babylon Babies , that had to be more interesting and original than what 's on the screen .
Blade Slummer .
So overwrought and over-serious that it never really engages us , and all of the laughs feel unintentional .
Babylon A.D. has its moments and is never less than watchable , but it 's ultimately scuppered by a disappointing finale . Approach with caution .
French director Mathieu Kassovitz was once touted as the next Scorsese , thanks to his gritty debut , La Haine . Alas , this action-adventure epic suggests he has settled for being a Hollywood wannabe .
A sci-fi actioner that sees bald hero Vin Diesel back stomping around the future like a small , gun-toting penis .
Kassovitz creates a grungy dystopia , but the action has the crazed , over-edited ruckus of a death-metal video and the top `` international '' cast is notable only for being miscast .
Babylon AD is a Blade Runner/Fifth Element wannabe which does n't have the budget to match its ambitions .
The film 's makers clearly are n't big on originality , taking an old concept , asset-stripping a bunch of better movies and hoping nobody would notice . Given the few people who are likely to pay to see Babylon A.D. , they might just get their wish .
The trailers for the film are WAY cooler than the actual movie itself . The acting was so bad that I honestly felt like I was watching a FIRST reading of the script .
The staleness of the script is reflected only too accurately in the kind of action sequences that most of us have seen dozens of times before . Not even Diesel can power this one .
Hard to believe , but there was a time when the phrase ` starring Vin Diesel ! ' was more of a promise than a threat .
He does , however , leave the door open for a sequel . But who 'd want to clone a runt ?
When your source material is as derivative and silly as this film 's to begin with , you a have the perfect recipe for an all-mighty turkey . No wonder Kassovitz is hiding on the beach .
Fairly terrible techno-punk action flick .
You do n't need to have a grudging affection for Vin Diesel to appreciate this dunderheaded comic-book adventure - although , obviously , it helps .
It 's utter codswallop , yet enjoyable if you unplug your brain .
Babylon A.D. is a poorly-assembled sci-fi melodrama bereft of excitement or intelligence that will only remind me of the director 's earlier , better film because its translated title echoes my sentiments about this one - namely , hatred .
Unfortunately , a ` Matrix ' - style shoot-out offers a glib , violent solution to what is otherwise an intriguing emotional conflict .
Babylon A.D. is adrift , lost somewhere between the demands of a profit-manic studio and a passionate , unleashed director . There 's no way great cinema could emerge from that combustible mix .
Like a futuristic remake of `` XXX '' no one ever asked for , this atrociously lame and redundant sci-fi flick may be the dullest action movie of the year .
Brawny but brainless techno-twaddle .
The story makes little sense - least of all why Charlotte Rampling 's Priestess does n't just treat herself to a few Dalmatians and call herself Cruella De Vil .
The future looks a lot like the past -LRB- or at least like past movies -RRB- in this lazily derivative SF action flick .
More murky travelogue and hi-tech apocalyptic tall tale than crystal ball thriller terror ride , Babylon AD and its own destiny appear lurching toward Babylon DVD , prophetically much sooner than later .
Kassovitz second American film is as disappointing as Gothica but for different reasons . The actioner , which opened in France , suffers from weak script , lack of unified vision and other problems of productions with international casts .
Although based on Maurice George Dantec 's sci-fi novel `` Babylon Babies '' `` Babylon A.D. '' comes across as an undercooked retooling of Alfonso Cuaron 's much better 2006 film `` Children of Men . '' Even the most forgiving sci-fi fans will have a hard time making s
The sort of thing that would have starred Rutger Hauer in his direct-to-video heyday ...
A noisier , costlier version of Children of Men , yet lacking that film 's social-political significance and jaw-dropping direction .

@highlight

A poorly constructed , derivative sci-fi stinker with a weak script and poor action sequences .