There 's something intoxicating about a film that manages to be both very violent and very pretty : it is unlike anything I 've seen before , and in my book that is genius .
Everything about Only God Forgives is either totally unpleasant or so weird and abstract it 's obnoxious .
Here 's hoping Refn 's next one redeems him .
Sensationalistic as it may be , with its repetitiveness and slow pacing , Only God Forgives feels embalmed .
This is more a horror film than a martial arts extravaganza .
` Only God Forgives ' is a mess , an overly stylized and brutally violent mood piece with something to alienate everyone . It 's also absolutely worth seeing .
That it is superficial is a given . It 's clear that Refn 's plan is to drug us into transcendence , into the eerie plains of his Norse parable Valhalla Rising . He wants this film to levitate , but it does n't .
That the pacing is glacial hardly matters - at least for the first hour or so - because Larry Smith 's cinematography is so breathtaking .
Only God Forgives is an extremely misunderstood film .
Even as their shadows fall across these walls , the characters are not supermen ; they 're humans reduced to chiaroscuro . Characterization is even more minimal .
It 's a fragmented affair , relying on its visuals , sound design , and mythological villain to carry the day . It kept me riveted , though by the end I did feel the overall experience was a bit empty .
Ryan Gosling reunites with Drive director Nicolas Winding Refn for the ultra-violent , ultra-slow-moving Bangkok-set revenge thriller Only God Forgives , whose unflinching gore and crawling pace will probably prove equally off-putting to most viewers .
Not only a disaster area but will also have you questioning your affection for Refn 's last film in the first place .
God might forgive Refn and Gosling for this mess , but moviegoers might not be so kind .
The most fartistic movie of the year .
Gosling is little more than eye candy ; he plays Julian as if he 's always just about ready for a nap .
Those who are less judgmental , or less enamored of the sentimentality of `` Drive '' -- and `` Bronson '' die-hards -- will know to lower their expectations and see what strange , stylized crime drama the Danish director is serving up this time .
Since all the `` characters '' are archetypes , there 's no way to really climb inside Only God Forgives and be emotionally affected by any of it .
It boasts tons of atmosphere and flashes of Refn 's visual style -- as well as an admirably unhinged performance from Kristen Scott Thomas -- but little else to recommend .
Refn has stated that the effect he was going for was an acid trip , and he 's succeeded maybe a bit too well , as the initial surface trance wears off to reveal not much else going on .
A feverish blend of ultra-violence , corruption , bad mothering and karaoke ... Simultaneously seedy and artsy , the film has a jagged stop-start pace that will mesmerise some , bore others and confound those left over .
I do n't think it 's bad . I think it 's dull , and a product of an imagination that is very much pleased with itself .
Only God Forgives stays with you like a traumatic memory but the sickening violence appears composed as haunting flashes of sublime beauty ; reverberating long after you 've finished viewing .
An oddball , mostly unwatchable cinematic experiment ...
It 's a film with a dark heart but a heart nonetheless .
It 's a film destined to be either loved or despised . Both reactions seem equally valid .
The story unfolds in a series of carefully composed tableaux accompanied by a mixture of western and oriental music , and what is enacted is a dreamlike fable of revenge and retribution .
-LRB- ... -RRB- pretentious at times . But if you fancy a Thai-flavoured cross between David Lynch and Chan-wook Park 's Korean movie Oldboy , expect to be drinking the atmosphere .
This film is just ugly , ugly , ugly , and is n't exciting or interesting enough to make it up for it .
Spellbinding , visionary , ambitious and deeply affecting , Only God Forgives is one of the absolute must-sees of the year .
A horrible hymn to the rougher excesses of the id
Like it or not , this is a study in weakness , submission , impotence , symbolic castration even .
Ponderous dialogue swerves into self-parody , while frequent scenes of dismemberment and suchlike bore rather than appall , making it difficult to care who slices who in its escalating litany of ultra-violence .
Directors are always digging around in their psyches for material - David Lynch , Alejandro Jodorowsky , Lars von Trier ... Refn 's anxiety seems out to top theirs . But there 's no joy or folly or transcendence . It 's a one-dimensional video game of death .
Ryan Gosling and his `` Drive '' director , Nicolas Winding Refn , sail into the heart of darkness and emerge with a trinket of crackpot porno kitsch .
Garnished with so many details to enjoy .
I saw it about three weeks ago , and already I ca n't recall some details of the unmemorable story . On the other hand , there are some vividly stylized images I will never forget .
Refn has at least set the bar high for his aesthetic future . After this , any Refn thriller will be some kind of event .
A psychoanalyst 's wet dream . When can we see it again ?
Audiences expecting Drive 2 from this reteaming of Gosling and Winding Refn will be disappointed : this is a stylishly original movie that refuses to play by the rules .
It 's stylishly shot but nasty , sickeningly violent and , above all , extremely dull .
Nicholas Winding Refn 's follow up to Drive is an ultraviolent revenge thriller that 's the very definition of style over substance , though the style is so mesmerising that you end up forgiving its various flaws .
If you 're caught in Refn 's spell , everything holds together . But if the spell glances off you , it 's hard to walk away with anything from watching the film .
A pointless waste of time and talent .
Style over substance does n't really tell the half of it : you can bathe a corpse in groovy light and dress it in an expensive suit , but in the end that rotting smell just wo n't go away .
A nightmarish and minimalist work of art that will be admired , loved & loathed in equal measure
Ultra Art-house , ultra obscure ... a step down from Drive . -LRB- Video Review -RRB- .
One of the silliest , most ponderous and needlessly abstruse films of the year ...
Experimental and uncompromising , Winding Refn and Gosling 's Drive follow-up is a tripped-out riff on the crime family movie in which The Grifters - literally - go to hell .
Only God Forgives is only going to be -LRB- remotely -RRB- pleasurable to curious fans of the director or arthouse films where style is exponentially higher than substance .
A shadow-drenched , fever-dream rumination on vague notions of loyalty and honor that labors so hard to wrap up its narrative in abstruse metaphor it ends up saying almost nothing of consequence at all .
The pairing of Nicolas Winding Refn and Ryan Gosling again delivers a terrific fusion of star , subject matter and style .
Envelope-pushing revenge drama is ultraviolent -LRB- and slow -RRB- .
Only God Forgives is tough stuff , a provocative exercise in stylish sleaze that fans of Greek tragedy might truly appreciate .
This is one of the most shocking and one of the best movies of the year .
This is a brutal yet strangely beautiful film , designed to inflict blunt-force trauma on the viewer while practically daring us not to laugh at the outrageous evil perpetrated by its villains .
Refn 's nerve is admirable , even if his film often borders on unwatchable .
The aggressive tastelessness of the plot and the hyper-tastefulness of the style choices give the impression of a misanthropic interior decorator who creates magnificent spaces for an ugly world that does n't deserve them .
While Nicholas Winding Refn had every reason to follow `` Drive '' up with something equally mainstream , `` Only God Forgives '' goes beyond expectations .
This week on `` When Bad Things Happen to Good Actors '' ...
Only God Forgives is a controversial film and not Nicolas Winding Refn 's first . It 's also a remarkably good thriller . But I do n't believe in god , so that 's easy for me to say .
Even God would find it difficult to forgive this piece of pseudo-stylistic rubbish . It 's little more than a craven display of stomach-churning graphic mayhem .
As much as it is a masterpiece of production design and a triumph of technique , the movie is also an epically awful exercise in pretentious pseudo-intellectual claptrap
Nicolas Winding Refn 's `` Only God Forgives '' is a film with so much padding , you scarcely realize that there 's a story going on .
Only God Forgives is a bizarre crime thriller that is slow-building , intensely crafted , and riveting . Like you 've come to expect from Nicolas Winding Refn , its brutality knocks you to the ground like a frying pan to the skull .
Kristen Scott Thomas chews up scenery and spits it out with relish and is the best character in the film .
The most fartistic movie of the year .
Refn seems to take his title seriously . Not even he will let the audience off the hook by dumbing down the more disturbing aspects of his movie .
Overflows with irrationality .
Some people value style over content ; I prefer a melding of the two , which is why I found Refn 's Drive so irritating and pretentious .
The most objectionable thing about Only God Forgives is n't that it 's shocking or immoral , but that it 's so finally , fatally dull .
Refn 's latest may very well exasperate you , and yet remain a great film - not in spite of , but because of that reaction .
The more arts-minded drag queens will be doing -LSB- Kristin Scott Thomas -RSB- this Halloween .
Only God Forgives often looks silly and sad , but in Refn 's surreal universe , silly , sad and selfishly stupid is synonymous with artistic success .
Mocking the improbable characters and bizarre juxtapositions is too literal and superficial a reading of this dreamy , entrancing movie .
a stunningly shot , hyper stylized paean to violence , ugly behavior and lounge singing that may even miss the boat as a cult item . Whatever Winding Refn 's intent was , he 's failed to convey it .
Long after Only God Forgives concludes , only its scuzziness remains . This artistic misfire will forever be knocking on heaven 's door .
I thought it was just about the worst ... thing I 've ever seen . In fact , I was depressed it was n't laughed off the screen .
Where Drive shrewdly mystifies , Only God Forgives stupefies . You can see its gears grinding . But I 'll always hang on for a rare talent like Refn . Even when he stumbles , he leaves you eager to see what he 's up to next .
Refn and Smith might have been going for authentic urban , disquiet , but the result is middle of the road trash-can of manufactured , polished , execration .
I never had a doubt that director Nicolas Winding Refn was in absolute control .
I can only hope that Gosling and Refn had a grand old time making Only God Forgives , because watching it sure is a bore .
Could almost be a parody of a bad art-house movie - except that it actually is one .
A defiant and sinister piece of experimental , Grand Guignol cinema , not easy to forget or to deny .
-LSB- A -RSB- troubling -- and troublesome -- but absorbing nightmare in which death , the film implies , is the only way to wake up from it .
Refn seems to have some issues he needs to work out , and `` Only God Forgives '' does as well . If it does n't quite get all the way there , at least it 's an interesting mess .
Refn 's trick has always been to match his extraordinary style with real substance , but this time the film 's humanity feels lost and overwhelmed , and as a result , Refn ends up squandering Gosling 's deep emotional reserves .
It 's possibly the least glamorous and also least interesting role Gosling has ever had . It 's not likely to expand his fan base much , or Refn 's for that matter .
What makes it high art ? The fact that it happens really slowly , I think , or that it 's interspersed with patience-testing camera pans of wallpaper .
Ludicrous , awful , irresistible !
This is a ludicrous , showy film , and we are left to reconcile those two antagonistic qualities , or get out .
God may forgive you for seeing this needlessly brutal film . But you wo n't forgive yourself .
Nicolas Winding Refn 's excruciatingly-though definitively-pretentious exercise in ritual violence gives chiaroscuro a bad name .
What is on Mr. Refn 's mind ? Here is what he says in a director 's note : `` The original concept for the film was to make a movie about a man who wants to fight God . '' All right . Whatever .
-LSB- Only God Forgives -RSB- somehow manages to use buckets of blood in the service of a plot with no pulse .
The title may be prophetic , because it seems unlikely most filmgoers will forgive Refn for such a soulless , heartless , and mindless act of attempted envelope pushing .
It 's eye candy with a sour taste .
It 's monumentally rough stuff with a glacial pace , though its surreal execution grows quite interesting the longer Refn sticks to the unknown and the absurd , making the effort more performance art in design than aggressively genre-minded .
`` Only God Forgives '' is the kind of remarkable disaster only a very talented director can make after he finds success and is then allowed to do whatever he wants .
... -LSB- a -RSB- slow-motion surrealist horrorshow dressed up like an arthouse crime story .
As always , Refn 's style is captivating , but the fascination with extreme gore never amounts to more than a fetish , and there 's none of the deft characterization that made his revered Pusher trilogy and British biopic Bronson so engaging .
What it lacks is a moral core and characters who are more than just cipher .
It 's not that overwrought violence and human depravity are unfit grist for art , but without a compelling plot and a modicum of character development , all this film has to offer is a repugnant prurience and heavy-handed atmospherics .
God only knows what Nicolas Winding Refn had in mind when he made `` Only God Forgives . ''
God might forgive , but the audience wo n't .
Refn 's trying to make too little stretch too far .
If it 's possible to overact while barely blinking , Ryan Gosling achieves it .
Is Refn really tendering his grandly named film as a religious parable ? If so , I 'll pass .
The talented Gosling is relegated to little more than window dressing in this surrealist genre film .
This is the worst , least , dumbest picture made by people of talent this year ...
Once you get past its slick veneer , you may find yourself looking at your watch , even though it clocks in at a concise 89 minutes .
Ryan Gosling is a talented actor who has faced the same challenge most distinctive performers inevitably must confront : the danger of turning into a walking cliché
Wrong-headed , self-indulgent and pretentious ... Gosling gives virtually the same performance as in Drive , which reveals its seams and shortcomings .
A horror story about the hideous things people say and do and the cyclical nature of revenge that would be comical if the actions were n't so difficult to watch .
The results are sometimes striking , in pure visual terms , but rarely engaging ; even as a brutish saga of underworld retribution , the film fails to get the heart pounding .
It 's a solemnly preposterous piece of designer revenge pulp , with actors who stand around bathed in red and blue light like David Lynch mannequins in between scenes of torture and murder .
Part schlockfest , part campy fairy tale , this is a movie that begs you to bring your own barf bag .
Drive , and many of Refn 's other films , were thrillingly kinetic ; here , by gluing his actors to their spots , he gives us beautiful images but nothing to watch . About halfway through , there is a brief foot chase . At least it moves .
I wo n't say that I liked it -- that 's not a word I 'd care to use here -- but I was mesmerized by it . And I remain haunted by its otherworldliness .
A hypnotic , terrifying plunge into neon hell .
God may forgive but will most viewers ?
On the surface the substance seems thin , but if you look past they admittedly flashy style , you 'll see that there 's something deeper and more profound going on here than you might think .
The wallpaper emotes more than Ryan Gosling does in Only God Forgives , an exercise in supreme style and minimal substance from Drive director Nicolas Winding Refn .
The film is certainly lavish to behold -LRB- although set in Bangkok , its world is more of a neon-lit , hazy dreamscape than a definitive place -RRB- , but it contains negligible substance .
Gosling and Scott Thomas elevate this stylish midnight movie but not enough to overcome its emptiness . More camp and cult than art ; sometimes silly and gross but never boring .
Provided that you can stomach its excesses , it 's an unforgettable and weirdly rewarding excursion into violent fantasy .
It takes the basic form of the revenge flick and dips it in tar , making for a movie that comes out sticky , nasty , and black .
While Only God Forgives may be nothing but a looker , it 's definitely the -LSB- Insert Current Generation 's `` It '' Girl -RSB- of lookers .
Immersive visuals and music do n't compensate for the thin narrative and flat acting in this violent , revenge-fueled tale set in Bangkok .
Outrageous and shocking to its core , the film , perhaps aptly , feels like some wayward younger sibling to its more accessible and commercial predecessor .
Only God Forgives makes Drive look like Cannonball Run by comparison .
A visceral fever dream that 's both entrancing and horrifying
... this is the greatest specific -LSB- David -RSB- Lynch impersonation I 've ever seen
The excessive violence which is presented here feels especially shallow , with the films suffocating atmosphere and one note characters robbing these acts of butchery of much needed emotion .
By embellishing low art in high art surrounds , Refn is challenging ideas of context and consumption , a sick twist on Warhol 's placement of a soup can in an art gallery .
And maybe God does forgive Nicolas Winding Refn for this error of judgment of a film , but the Cannes festival audiences did n't
The lack of connection to any character is an emotional roadblock and the cumulative callousness of the film retches onscreen in an ugly graphic display of senselessness
As significant to Refn 's previous successes the technical achievements are , they alone do not make a movie . You need something to hang your hat on , more tangible than light and sound and that vague feeling of cool .
Gosling plays it cool , maybe too much so . He 's on no-emote control ... Though morally and emotionally superficial , the film mesmerizes visually
The story , such as it is , sits at the intersection of vice and virtue , and explores the consequences of terrible parenting .
There 's plenty of ravishing cinema in Only God Forgives , but almost nothing of real life .
The film succeeds to some extent as a pure stylistic exercise , with a few fine Lynchian moments blurring reality with erotic and violent fantasies .
Simply , without a brand name like Refn 's at the helm , there 's no way this project would be In Competition at Cannes , nor would it have attracted its talented stars , nor even found its way out of your local bargain bin .
We got Refned .
A very strange movie indeed , equipped with a script that would hardly fill four or five pages , and characters who move slowly back and forth when they are not staring at each other .
Only God Forgives delivers what we might have thought we wanted but with diminishing returns : Refn 's trademark visual style is indulged to a dizzying degree but is unmoored , lacking any kind of satisfying or coherent narrative throughline .
It 's a genre picture with an art-housey structure , an instance of Refn and the normally phenomenal Gosling trying too hard to make an ultra-violent movie that 's also , you know , tasteful .
Only God Forgives is actually a pretty drudging affair and even at just ninety minutes it really drags .
Refn clearly thinks he 's saying something profound with this laboriously overproduced dross , and I 'm content to let him go on thinking .
A menacingly atmospheric mood piece that will not disappoint devotees of the Nicolas Winding Refn church of fetishistic hyper-violence .
A mesmerisingly moody and stylishly violent crime drama , Nicolas Winding Refn 's film fairly drips with tangible menace and a pervading sense of dread .
There 's an old expression in musical theater - you do n't leave humming the lights .
The collision of violent spasms and art-film ennui leave the viewer 's brain bloody but unfilled .
Some of the most adrenalising moments in motor racing are not the victories but the crashes , and Only God Forgives is the spectacle of a brilliant young director spinning out in style . It 's a beautiful disaster .
By far the most pertinent scene comes early on when we watch a girl masturbate while Gosling is tied down to a chair . What a wonderful analogy for the entire film .
Like ` Drive , ' the soundtrack 's character is the best performance in the film .
Winding Refn 's bizarre infernal creation , an entire created world of fear , really is gripping . Every scene , every frame , is executed with pure formal brilliance .

@highlight

Director Refn remains as visually stylish as ever , but Only God Forgives fails to add enough narrative smarts or relatable characters to ground its beautifully filmed depravity .