What Haneke give us with Amour is a love story , one that is compassionate , powerful and intelligent , and that treats its protagonists and its audiences with respect .
It 's undeniably tragic without being sentimental and easily the best non-American film of the year .
Even for Haneke this is astringent stuff , light on visual flourish or narrative surprise , but driving it all are magnificent performances that cut right to the quick . The film 's unblinking honesty has quiet integrity and power .
This movie has some heartbreaking moments and is moving , but on the lighter side , it is also somehow reassuring that we are never alone . Amour treats the subject of love in a manner that has seldom before been visited on screen .
... what distinguishes this carefully calculated Haneke ordeal from its previous incarnations is mostly the personal aspect : everyone is reminded of a death in his or her family .
What the film lacks in Haneke 's usually impressive formal rigor , it makes up for with truly earned emotional truths .
Although Amour deals with unquestionably somber topics , the film is accessible to anyone who has ever coped with a partner or parent 's terminal illness .
Scene after scene is an exquisite masterclass of astonishing acting .
It 's hard not to appreciate the film 's extraordinary qualities . Jean-Louis Trintignant , Emmanuelle Riva , and Isabelle Huppert deliver performances so convincing and delicately nuanced that we forget they are actors , let alone French movie stars .
I ca n't say you 'll enjoy Amour . That would be an inappropriate reaction , in fact . Hollywood has conditioned us to expect swelling violins as characters draw close to death . -LRB- Here -RRB- there 's little drama and nothing in the way of ceremony .
Beautifully shot , powerfully acted , and skillfully composed , Amour is worth pursuing .
Does what it sets out to do , expertly weaving together the monotony of everyday life , the nauseating horror of mortality , and the most esoteric corners of the human mind .
It 's a chilling , pitiless vision that offers no relief , just a portrait of decline .
Michael Haneke 's profound new film Amour is far from your standard Hollywood romance . It is also a more nuanced , challenging and thought-provoking experience than that one word might lead you to believe .
Amour is a brutally difficult viewing experience , but it 's in no way a film you 'll desire -- or be able -- to forget .
The performances of Riva and Trintignant are revelatory .
We wake from the best movies as witnesses ; we feel the truth of what we have seen and heard , and though we know it 's only a movie - just as we know in lucid dreams that we 're actually asleep - we can not help but feel changed by what we have seen .
a profoundly humane and deeply challenging depiction of the emotional and physical ravages of old age
Amour is a lesser work from Michael Haneke that features brilliant performances from Jean-Louis Trintignant and Emmanuelle Riva , but is held back by a simplistic narrative .
Compelling and incredibly heartbreaking ...
a stunning work from a man more capable of provocation than actual insight .
Michael Haneke gives us an unflinching look at love in the twilight years , placing a lot on the shoulders of two stars who come through like the veterans they are .
Unnerving in its own way - heartfelt and tender , but with an undercurrent of foreboding .
This is realism that enlarges our conception of the term .
Now at the end of the year comes a masterpiece , not just the best of the year , but one of the best ever : Michael Haneke 's Amour .
It leaves you spent , depressed and intensely afraid of the future . In some ways that 's admirable , but like our fallible bodies , it gets old - fast .
Haneke has created a gift for both audiences and the two legendary actors cast in the lead roles .
In a film that 's so explicitly cathartic for the filmmaker , there 's a whole lotta catharsis withheld for the audience .
While -LSB- director Michael -RSB- Haneke 's love of long takes invite you to stare into the corrugated faces of Georges and Anne as their worlds change , there is a leaden quality to many stretches of the film that assume a profundity that simply is n't there .
Powerful piece of cinema that forces us to confront death and something even worse ; the prospect of outliving the love of one 's life
This beautifully-handled , deeply devastating work is all about the most human issue of all : we 're all headed for the scrap-heap .
Movingly acted and extremely harrowing .
Rarely has this subject matter been depicted so realistically , so honestly . You always know where the story is heading but it 's still tough to watch .
The scenario is upsetting , but the execution is genuine and pure , making Amour a film of heartbreaking beauty and Haneke 's masterpiece .
Amour will now rate highly on a list of my favorite horror movies . It 's certainly upsetting . But that is its strength .
This is a profound look at love about a couple who have lived with each other for so many years , know each other so well and this terrible thing that is facing them and there 's a serenity there which makes it even more moving , I think .
It 's Haneke 's searing honesty and lack of sentimentality , and his talent as a writer-filmmaker that lifts this film to the heights of achievement . I know that the storyline may sound gloomy , the film is not . It is beyond wonderful .
Ultimately , the title of the film demands to be taken as a question : is this truly what love looks like ? A little smugly , Haneke refuses to answer .
A multiple award winner at film festivals around the globe , and it is easy to see why . Highly recommended .
Michael Haneke 's most intimate and painfully truthful film - an exploration of what love means at the far end of life .
This is a movie almost too painful to watch at times , yet so masterfully composed and acted - Riva absolutely deserves her Oscar nomination , while Trintignant was robbed - that it 's impossible to turn away .
Georges ' irreversible decision may be courageous , but it requires no sacrifice on the part of his creator : for Haneke , it 's business as usual .
Trintignant and Riva are unforgettably brilliant as the aging couple we can all identify with .
Haneke 's startling film stands in stark contrast with other recent , comedic fare that seemingly addresses similar issues .
My review is categorized as ` favourable ' not because I enjoyed the film -LRB- that 's not Michael Haneke 's intent -RRB- but because I recognise what he is trying to say and that he says it with a unique cinematic voice
Debilitation and loss of control is a harsh topic , yet Haneke 's film is surprisingly gentle , exploring the constraints and options faced , as old age delivers its ultimate blow - the loss of self and ability to function with dignity
Amour is a pure depiction of love , in all its many forms .
The furthest thing from sweet sorrow imaginable , Amour gets real about the pain of parting in every sense of the word .
This subject matter is ripe for sentimentalization , but Haneke resists it at every turn , opting instead for unflinching honesty . It is the economy of theme paired with the subtle richness of character that make Amour so powerful .
Clearly , Amour , Michael Haneke and Emmanuelle Riva do n't really need me to additionally sing their praises -LRB- although praise is indeed all I have -RRB- , so let 's discuss Jean-Louis Trintignant for a moment .
Trintignant perfectly captures the resolve that eventually borders on obsession , as the woman he loves gradually , maddeningly , disappears before his eyes , and he does whatever he can to prevent it , though he knows it 's impossible .
All is presented in Haneke 's exacting style , one that I find controlling and a bit , well , smothering .
An insightful , memorable film about what it means to love .
Many viewers will find echoes of their grandparents , parents , or even themselves in these characters .
A movie that is utterly worthy of its all-encompassing title .
A tale about love at its most terribly , backbreakingly difficult .
The resulting interplay of ruthless restraint and unavoidable passion , plus the film 's refusal to shrink from depicting the inevitable horrors of physical deterioration , is devastating .
In many ways , it 's a horror film , as the woman descends into helplessness , and - like the audience - the man can only watch . It 's a potent piece of filmmaking .
The superb Trintignant and the Oscar-nominated Riva -- who would win , in a just world -- embody once-vigorous people in inevitable decline .
For Haneke , love is just another curious human trait to be dissected and used as a tool to disquiet his audience .
A poignant tale of undying love !
Beautifully acted and unflinching , Amour goes where few movies have the courage to
Riva 's performance is undeniably magnificent , as she must chart every step of Anne 's physical and mental deteriorating with exacting precision .
In many ways it 's the best horror film I 've ever seen . At the same time , it 's hard to recommend ; I believe I will be struggling to forget this film as long as I live . I doubt I 'll succeed .
Sadly effective , with two standout performances .
Death , illness and tragedy transcend demographics , and the characters in `` Amour '' are all of us in the end .
Moving , touching and beautifully acted . The question : Do audiences want to spend two hours watching an old couple go from sad to sadder to saddest ?
It is an inspirational film in the truest sense , and one to see with someone you love .
... this deceptively simple film makes clear that death , real death , the kind we all face and most art refuses to address honestly , is relentless and unsentimental .
This is beautiful film , and a terrible one : devastating to stick out , and yet one of the most remarkable romances ever made ...
One of the ten best films of 2012 .
As remarkable as Haneke 's films are , not a one has been as transcendently generous as Amour , which is nominated for five Academy Awards , including best picture , best director and best foreign-language film .
Amour may not inspire the kind of emotional epiphany that similar illness-driven dramas tend to , the results are still riveting .
Death is part of love 's bargain , and Haneke lays this fact bare .
It is hard to recommend Amour . Austrian director Michael Haneke 's film can not justly be described as entertaining , and it will likely leave you sad and weary . But it is a film you must see .
`` Amour '' is n't easy to watch , but its rewards are many .
`` Amour '' is n't just a great movie , it 's a movie that may actually do you some good .
`` Amour '' is n't a fun time out at the movies , and I kind of doubt I 'll ever see it again . But it 's an amazingly act , absolutely heartbreaking film .
Shot in long , static takes , Amour stares directly into the indignities of old age and the curse of a slow death .
This is a masterpiece .
A viewer may want to watch Amour , because it is a work of art .
Relativamente doce para os padrões de um cineasta acostumado a torturar seu público e a encarar a humanidade com imenso ceticismo , representa uma experiência difícil por nos lembrar o tempo inteiro de que todos dividiremos o mesmo desfecho .
A bitter , pitiless piece of work . We can admire its components , but we 're repulsed by its vision .
Haneke 's self-indulgent approach is getting old to me . His devoted fans will like it , but others will most likely be scratching their heads trying to figure out how this got a Best Picture nomination .
Each actor draws on a lifetime 's worth of experience , performing with grace and rare , uncompromising realism .
It 's upsetting material lined with lead by Haneke , who searches for the meaning of love but ca n't help but dwell on the details of decay .
There 's nowhere to hide : The film cuts no corners and stings with the authenticity of life 's fragility .
The movie avoids melodrama ; instead , it 's just extraordinarily intimate , with touches of visual poetry like the pigeon that gets into the apartment and wo n't leave , an image of our own heedless tenacity .
Amour is as heartbreaking and real as it gets .
Tough and beautiful , it secures Haneke 's reputation as one of the world 's best .
Two of the world 's best actors , Jean-Louis Trintignant and Emmanuelle Riva , play Amour 's octogenarian couple , so it 's surprising that the characters are n't very interesting .
Haneke addresses the ravaging effects of aging in a starkly intimate way but Amour oddly lacks affectivity . Something that should be overflowing with emotion is strangely as sterile as Georges and Anne 's Parisian apartment .
unforgettable portrait of old age
The audacious performances by both veteran actors are wonderful , and the film never resorts to cheap sentimentality .
Powerful and well-acted , this drama meticulously captures the pain and perils of aging in a way that will be hard to forget .
Haneke treats Georges and Anne with absolute respect , never pandering to sentiment or cliché and most assuredly not sugarcoating the experience of walking one 's partner through suffering , toward death .
Haneke does n't offer easy solutions or pat emotions . He merely offers us a chance to eavesdrop and holds a mirror up to our own fears of old age , hopes for love , and challenges through life .
The film is a graphic portrayal of the unfunny end game we 're all fated to play ; the title is just a simple declaration of how best to play it .
A confident , lovingly articulated mood piece about a subject that is universal , yet rarely told .
`` Amour '' is also unforgettable and one of a kind , two hours of torment that , in the end , you will probably not regret .
Small , sure and stunningly acted , this is a picture of exacting control , which is to be expected from Haneke , whose works include Cache and The White Ribbon .
-LSB- Haneke -RSB- has put his finger on a very particular kind of heartbreak : seeing a lover give up not on you but on the life you 've shared .
A masterpiece of restraint , intelligence and humanity .
Amour is the simplest yet most passionate film of Haneke 's incredible career .
As it unflinchingly faces mortality , Amour is full of incomparably beautiful and sad moments .
Often looks and hurts like seeing real lives in real time . Is that enough ? Honesty gradually becomes simplicity as the film 's reality outweighs its insight .
The most brutally honest picture ever made about growing old and wasting away .
Old age is n't for sissies , and neither is this film .
A wrenching film that is sure to bring tears -- a lot of tears -- to your eyes and manages , in many ways , to affirm that love is worth sharing and life is worth living even in the most final of days .
The story is heart-breaking in its honest depiction of life near the end .
The film has been declared a masterpiece by many , and yet the director 's inability to put aside his usual chilly remove encases `` Amour 's '' protagonists under glass .
There have been many invasions in Haneke 's work , and there is indeed an attempted break-in at the start of this film , but nothing compares with the looming approach of mortality .
Haneke , a master of icy appraisal , here contemplates an elderly Parisian couple at the very end of their lives .
An examination of life and death , this minimalist film succeeds on all levels .
On paper it 's a welcome change of pace for Haneke , but his tendency to treat the couple as patients rather than characters -- at a cold remove rather than with a warm embrace -- feels at odds with the material .
Haneke -LRB- `` Funny Games , '' `` Cache , '' `` The Piano Teacher , '' `` White Ribbon '' -RRB- has tackled a difficult subject that is unpleasant to watch , more unpleasant to think about . But the 70 year-old filmmaker has done it with taste , discretion and sympathy .
The film 's power stems from the way Haneke avoids milking the viewer 's sympathy .
Intimate , admirable and elegant , it 's , nevertheless , demanding , deliberate and depressing - about facing our own mortality .
It is a stunning film .
A film so honest in dealing with end-of-life issues that its purity is a positive rebuke to all the maudlin movies on the subject .
Amour might seem hardly the stuff of entertainment , yet the reason it has been acclaimed is n't mysterious . Confronting death , it studies life , closely and lovingly .
Because of its subject matter , and because of the actors , it 's impossible to watch this film without being moved . But a martinet is running the show .
A compassionate , rigorously unsentimental masterwork from a director who does n't normally truck in emotions like the one named in the title .
This is an unforgettable love story set at the close of day , as tragic and beautiful in its way as `` Tristan und Isolde , '' and a portrait of the impossible beauty and fragility of life that will yield new experiences to every viewer and every viewing .
Gains its power from grounding its characters ' pain in something humanistic .
`` Amour '' is a perfectly made , tremendously involving film that , nonetheless , is very difficult to watch , particularly if you 're past the midpoint in your life .
Profoundly moving , unflinchingly honest and tender with brave , emotionally raw performances by Jean-Louis Trintignant and Emmanuelle Riva .
Mundanely horrifying and extremely powerful .
A relentless and shattering masterwork , ` Amour ' breaks the heart but satisfies the soul .
All great films have imagination ; this one also has the sense of experience .
The story behind the central tableau ... starts off completely mundane , shifts into a tale of pain and sadness , and ends on a note of horror mixed with tortured understanding .
If Haneke has any real interest in keeping art cinema alive , he should take some notes from the Queensbridge rapper Nas .
Growing old is a war , and movies rarely go there . Michael Haneke 's amazing , dignified `` Amour '' is the exception .
In the history of movies about love , Amour shall last forever .
If you 've seen someone you love through their dying , it may burn you up - but in an illuminating way .
Haneke remains , by his rules , infallible . So what ?
I am glad I saw it -- and hope I never see it again .
Haneke being Haneke , Amour is still a bracingly unsentimental film , but it should n't be mistaken for heartless .
... true to the awfulness of aging , yet Haneke also unveils a trait I did n't previously associate with him : mercy .
There is such a thing as being too straightforward , which is exactly what `` Amour '' becomes . If anything , it 'll leave you wishing that there was more substance to it .
While this might not be the post-gift-unwrapping movie destination of choice this holiday season , the brutal honesty and emotional truth of Amour make it one of this year 's best films .
It 's an uncompromising portrait of the aging process , with the experience of getting older rendered in a harsh light rather than a comforting golden glow .
It will surely strike a chord with anyone who 's watched a loved one slip away in this manner , whether it 's a parent or a spouse .
Consummate acting helps ease a painful watch , as Michael Haneke describes the ultimate test of love in a profoundly honest study of sickness and dying .
Achieves an emotional level that probably would dismay the dispassionate Haneke . It 's a hard film to recommend , because it will hit too close to home for a lot of people .
art-house fans who do venture forth into the grim but incredibly poignant Amour will be richly rewarded .
The title is french for love . The movie itself , indisputably the year 's best foreign-language film and an Oscar front-runner , defines what love is . And it does it the hard way .
It is , more than any of Haneke 's previous work , infused with compassion , but of a sort that cuts like a knife .
Amour is not an easy film by any stretch of the imagination , but for those in search of art without pretension or affectation , this is the way it 's done .
Both a poignant love story and a typically rigorous attempt to dismantle one of the last great taboos in cinema .
I urge you to share its sweetness and wisdom , and learn something .
Haneke 's challenge to audiences is to experience real love - it 's tough and brutal and definitely not for the faint of heart .
A devastating movie with some of the finest acting you 're ever likely to see . But - it 's very grim . Makes AWAY FROM HER look like AIRPLANE .
Without doubt , this is one of the films of the year that everyone should see .
Severely tests the marriage vow '' ... in sickness and in health ... ''
Amour broke my heart and lifted my soul . This is a unique film about the death of love , not a doomed romance but the inevitable end to a lifelong passionate relationship .
Haneke 's undeniably austere film does n't offer any false consolation , but it remains tender and compassionate , and boasts brave , heart-rending performances from a pair of French screen icons .
Michael Haneke 's effortlessly graceful picture will come to be seen as one of the greatest films about the confrontation of death and ageing .
A striking look at a long-term relationship , this film is an antidote to those who are tired of shamelessly sweet depictions of retirees , such as The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel or Hope Springs .
It is unequivocally a masterpiece .
From the first moment to the very last , you 'll be convinced Georges and Anne are true soulmates .
It is beautifully acted by leads Jean-Louis Trintignant and Emmanuelle Riva and inspires sympathy .
The film is pitiless , mordant , touching , humane - so where dwells the horror ? In the plot that lies beneath : the life-or-death siege , spooky , implacable and remorseless .
Haneke 's lesser films can have a finger-wagging quality and this does not : it modulates from tonal disquiet to a profound and moving calm - towards silence , in fact .
There 's no empathy here and no genuine insight either .
The performances of the two astonishing French actors in Amour makes this a gripping and possibly provocative drama .
Haneke has now created a film that hits you in the gut , and elicits a deeper emotional response than any of his features have in the past .
A haunting and emotionally devastating drama with a strong script and a pair of powerhouse performances from veteran actors Jean-Louis Trintignant and Emmanuelle Riva .
Dignified and humane , it 's Haneke 's most touching piece ... and perhaps his best movie .
Old age may not be a reality you wish to confront , but you must see this film .
Somber , noble , and in a way quite beautiful even in its spartan brutality , Haneke has made a movie that is About Something .
Far from being a cold , scientific study from a filmmaker frequently accused of placing a pane of glass between his work and his viewers , this sensitive film emerges heartfelt and humane .
Haneke 's film is unquestionably the feel-bad film of the year , refreshingly lacking in sentiment and absolutely devastating , but also abuzz with the joys that make life worth living .
Thoughtful and unsentimental , though not unfeeling . A stunning , near-perfect movie .
A masterpiece .
Haneke goes far beyond pushing emotional buttons into territory where our most visceral fears lurk .
Michael Haneke 's elegiac exploration of an elderly couple 's final days together transcends all definition of romantic ideal .
Haneke ... knows the reality of growing old together is n't for the faint of heart .
This is n't the work of a newly moral or humanistic filmmaker , but another ruse by the same unscrupulous showman whose funny games have been beguiling us for years .
A poignant and provocative French-language drama about the tenderness , discipline , and patience involved in being a loving caregiver .
Life is full of unfair horrors ; that is why we go to the cinema . Amour is the cinematic equivalent of telling a child Santa does n't exist .
The type of metaphysical mediation on marriage , love , and death that insists , allows , and rewards introspection .
... the movie , which rarely leaves the couple 's apartment , adopts a palpably repetitive feel that slowly-but-surely drains the viewer 's interest ...
Leaves you feeling as if you watched a solid character drama with above-average performances , but it does n't stand up to some of Haneke 's more daring films .
The unflinching `` Amour '' captures a loving couple 's last days with documentary-worthy realism , nailing the frustrations , struggles and small joys that often come with the caretaking of a loved one .
Haneke communicates all the minutia and indignity of a slow and inevitable death .
A two-hour portrait of human existence at its most fucking-hell-when-will-it-end brutal .
If we were previously in any doubt , Haneke is confirmed as the premiere European director of his generation .
A confrontational look at a taboo issue , Amour sheds light on how the embracement of humanist values has seen the physically disadvantaged ostracised into the clutches of a culture that embraces death .
Amour is harrowing , emotional , thrilling , intense , beautiful , tragic , and powerful cinema .
Haneke plays no funny games on the audience in his considerate and humanistic Amour , though it will have you begging for a remote control all the same ; to wind back the clock and return to better times between Georges and Anne .
A sober , gorgeously directed portrait of an elderly couple facing terrifying questions of life and death .
It is uncomfortable , unrelenting and in turn undeniably powerful .
It 's a universal tale that is at times touching and horrifying and always powerful .
Beautifully and bravely acted , Amour is an unflinching depiction of the daily toll that old-age degeneration exacts upon its victims . Should be required viewing for anyone intending to grow old .
A tender , wrenching , impeccably directed story of love and death .
Haneke maintains a degree of ambiguity about the outcomes . He might get a bad rap for his apparent obsession with human suffering , but this investigation of it from dual-perspectives could n't be made by anyone else .
Haneke trains his merciless rigor-leavened , for perhaps the first time ever , with deeply felt tenderness and compassion-on the most universally heartbreaking aspect of the human condition : old age and its myriad indignities .
Clear-eyed , cool-headed and profoundly humane , Love is the consummate anti-weepie .
Transfixing and extraordinarily touching , perhaps the most hauntingly honest movie about old age ever made
Hanekes absolute control makes the film intensely involving and quietly moving , rather than harrowing .
Haneke is the first Competition film director at Cannes this year to both succeed totally on the terms he sets out for himself , and truly challenge the audience to bear witness to something they 've never seen on screen before .
Infused with its namesake , this gentle tragedy is the filmmaker 's least complicated work to date , a streamlined tearjerker that respects viewers enough to not jerk the tears out of them .
An exceptional work shows a world-class director still unafraid to lock horns with the profound mysteries of the universe .
Considering Haneke 's confrontational past , this poignantly acted , uncommonly tender two-hander makes a doubly powerful statement about man 's capacity for dignity and sensitivity when confronted with the inevitable cruelty of nature .
` Amour ' is a devastating , highly intelligent and astonishingly performed work . It 's a masterpiece .
Michael Haneke 's new film in the Cannes competition is everything that could have been expected from him and more : a moving , terrifying and uncompromising drama of extraordinary intimacy and intelligence .
Intensely intimate drama for two sharply observed characters , superlatively played by Trintignant and Emmanuelle Riva , Haneke 's Love contests personal and societal definitions of love , marriage , aging , illnes , and dying .

@highlight

With towering performances and an unflinching script from Michael Haneke , Amour represents an honest , heartwrenching depiction of deep love and responsibility .