Helen recognizes what the audience has known all along : `` Holy can be hot ! ''
Marshall does a decent job with this film , keeping everything ` nice ' as you find in most of his movies .
Light drama with some appealing moments .
Yet another social fable about women in distress from Gary Marshall with no foundation in any reality and a mannered , irritating performance from Kate Hudson .
A sort of updated Pretty Woman into homework rather than hooking .
Satisfying only because of Joan Cusack 's sterling performance . Will somebody please give that actress a starring role in her own vehicle ?
As far as heartwarming comedies go , this one has all the parts necessary : the heart , the warmth , and the comedy .
... a drippy , maudlin , melodramatic , semi-romantic , sometimes comedy .
Tries to tell in excruciating detail the stories of at least six characters , but succeeds in showing us they are only cardboard cutouts .
The latest urban fairy tale from Pretty Woman 's Marshall sees the director continue his descent into underwritten schmaltz at the expense of genuine wit and warmth .
It 's parenthood through rose-colored glasses .
Truly means well but , as box office goes , is too condescending and pre-fab to mean very much .
... sweet-as-Splenda Garry Marshall pipedream ...
A gift-wrapped view of pathos -- so sanitized it 's almost creepy .
This is n't funny enough or dramatic enough .
... a warm fuzzy ...
All the adorability in the world ca n't save Hudson from another plug-ugly comedy .
Rich with clichés , predictability , and happily ever afters , the story never ever leaves its comfort zone to challenge the characters and their relationships , to create tension or conflict , or to throw in the proverbial plot twist .
Isn?t the best film from Garry Marshall , nor is it the best performance from Kate Hudson , but it certainly is the best they?ve done in a while .
-LSB- Garry Marshall -RSB- piles on the cornball touches with the sledgehammer effect of a bad sitcom director .
Raising Helen can best be described as Jersey Girl with better acting . The idea is n't that interesting , but at least the people involved seem more committed .
Although Raising Helen boasts a charming cast with a cute factor that 's off the cinematic Richter scale , typical Hollywood predictability rears its ugly head too often .
Marshall pulls off some delicately serious moments . Problem is , most of this movie is supposed to be funny , and more often than not , it is n't .
... marshmallow material ... has the formulaic flakiness of a tepid situation comedy begging to be renewed for the fall season ... a pseudo-sympathetic familial farce
Chills abound in Raising Helen , a macabre tale of three plucky orphans placed in the care of their loving but undead aunt .
You know those scenes in Shrek 2 in which Puss in Boots stops and makes cutesy , goo-goo kitty eyes at people ? Well , this movie is like that look .
... a mediocre movie , content with a contrived screenplay , indifferent direction and lazy performances by most of the cast .
The film 's trio of kids show virtually no grief other than the occasional pout , a reaction that is more akin to being grounded than having your family torn apart .
Sugar is sweet , but not as sweet as `` Raising Helen . ''
Makes the erroneous suggestion that a woman ca n't possibly create a life of beauty and meaning without the patter of little feet .
Kate Hudson is sweetly charming , but the movie is almost too sweet .
Maybe I 'm a sucker , but this is one instance where the sap did n't overwhelm me , Raising Helen keeping me entertained just enough to warrant a smile .
This ode to the most stifling aspects of family and motherhood make you feel like the hicks have all uprooted themselves and moved into the front office at Touchstone .
This is one of Marshall 's worst films to date
With Raising Helen added to her string of bad movies , the five-year tour exemption Hudson earned for making Almost Famous is almost up .
Almost nothing about Raising Helen rings very true , other than the camera 's crush on Kate Hudson .
The adorable Hudson 's onscreen transformation from party girl to supermom seems forced , and Marshall 's efforts to pass her off as the next Julia Roberts-style every girl are irritating .
Even those who seek the undemanding entertainment of life troubles being bravely dealt with might end up wishing they were given more than just sitcom resolutions .
The movie , more tear-jerker than romantic comedy , gets at how painful , awful and , ultimately , worthwhile it is to be a parent , and , if it takes its time getting to that message , that makes sense .
It 's the rare chick-geared movie that is predictable without being boring and touching without being cloying .
This sort of film thrives on chemistry , and Hudson and Corbett make it sparkle .
It 's shallow and obvious , so totally dishonest you keep reaching back in your seat to make sure it did n't lift your wallet .
There 's no real conflict , and the screenplay sometimes approaches idiocy .
Pulls out all the stops to make -LSB- Hudson -RSB- adorable , and only the hardhearted will be able to resist her self-deprecating charm and light-up-the-world smile .
Far from the worst cookie-cutter film to come off the Hollywood assembly line , merely the latest .
It 's a painless , affably sentimental comedy that would make a popular TV series -- and probably will become one .
Like tumbling into chick-flick hell .
Hudson is attractive and amusing , but the role offers little challenge .
Entertaining ; it just has virtually no anchor in reality .
Lifetime botox ban to the Hollywood honcho who allowed Garry Marshall to direct a movie about fatal car crashes and orphans .
serious emotional issues ... are swept away with the kinds of quick fixes and sudden realizations commonly found in those ` very special episodes ' of TV sitcoms .
Ping-pongs back and forth between an approximation of pith and shameless , Family Circus-style treacle .
-LSB- Marshall -RSB- evidently finds the film 's premise to be outrageously funny . Some viewers -- especially those who have looked out a window in the last 20 years -- may understandably be less impressed .
This goopy dramedy is unfunny , mentally bankrupt and makes parenthood look like a terrifying death sentence .
Does its inoffensive comedy bit . It 's all professional , predictable , by the numbers .
Ca n't decide whether it 's a romance , a fish-out - of-water flick , a teen-parent conflict story , or a tale of sibling rivalry and reconciliation , and therefore fails at each .
Rest assured , these crises will be resolved , and Helen will be enriched by the experiences . But going through them with her throws more sugar into your system than I can take .
Yet another example of re-mining movie territory whether it 's capable of producing more material or not .
This dry-duct soaper chugs along in the Hollywood netherworld where humor and pathos are in short supply .
The movie possesses all the cloying cuteness and soft-edged drama that we 've come to expect from pro 's pro Marshall .
When the 9-year-old in the next seat can anticipate every plot development and emotional response , you know you 're in sitcom land .
The characters are all enjoyable , which is Marshall 's goal .
-LSB- Hudson -RSB- melds her radiance to a budding maternal soulfulness .
By no means a great movie , but it 's efficiently watchable , thanks to Marshall 's direction and occasionally buoyant thanks to its stars .
Like one of Marshall 's less-original sitcom pilots stretched way beyond feature length .
A number of interesting people populate Raising Helen , but this comedy-drama chooses to focus on the least interesting , most cliched character in the film .
Marshall , who seems to specialize in affability , breaks no new ground and does n't do much with the old soil he tills .
Constantly warm and sometimes devastatingly real , showing just how hard it can be for a family to replace the early departed .
Tame and timid from beginning to end , and relentlessly conventional .
Faced with the constraints of not one but two heavily formulaic genres , Raising Helen simply feels too much like a template and not enough like a story .
Boils down every feel-good chick-flick cliche of the last 15 years into a lumpy mass of multiplex comfort food .
As predictable as a book you 've already read twice .
Begs for attention like a homeless puppy .
Hudson is fatally miscast , and it 's nearly impossible to watch the film and not imagine that a still-youthful but more world-weary star would have made a better fit .
The inevitable happy ending allows Helen to `` have it all , '' but you might still be worrying about those kids .
It 's like two hours of the worst sitcom you 've ever seen .
You are likely to encounter more surprises on the way to the bathroom each morning than you do in this film .
Jumps back and forth between airy-fairy romantic comedy and leaden family drama with the alacrity of a manic-depressive .
As relentlessly cute as you 'd expect from a Garry Marshall picture .
... as trite and predictable as they come ...
It 's a frivolous , glossy , feel-good story that 's mildly amusing .
Those suffering from testosterone poisoning from the current blockbusters will find this a welcome antidote .
3 good movie ideas ... crammed all in one - who cares if it does n't fit into a genre . One thing still remains true - it 's bad for your health to be a parent in a Disney movie .
A mediocre film at best , but Hudson and the rest of the cast help raise the bar to make it a bit more palatable .
One of Garry Marshall 's better efforts . It is gently witty and occasionally entertaining , if you can overlook the fact that you 've seen it all before .
It is the kind of film that cleanses the palate and leaves viewers with nothing more than a desire to see a real movie .
The best part of Raising Helen , beside the welcomed scroll of its end credits ? Read on - >
Helen must also be willing not to be completely loved every single second . Hudson shows us as an actress that is a lesson she has already learned .
Kate Hudson stars in this mildly ingratiating comedy as a selfish fashionista whose career stops short when she is granted custody of her late sister 's three children .
It confirms the suspicion that Mr. Marshall is more a commodity than a director .
As much as we want to wrap our hearts around this wannabe uplifting tearjerker , it 's just too shallow to embrace .
Great premise , but the ensuing trials and tribulations -- not to mention hapless attempts at comedy -- are ... off-key .
There 's an old-school innocence to Marshall 's style , and it 's satisfying to be whisked away from reality to this parallel universe where we find it possible to laugh amid such a fundamentally tragic scenario .
It 's structured around weighty issues -- orphaned children , financial uncertainty and a sudden , massive responsibility -- and it wants our sympathy . But it treats us like dummies .
What Raising Helen does n't offer is a competent -LRB- never mind compelling -RRB- performance from Hudson , who is as cute as lace pants and has approximately as much acting skill .
A cunning and immensely likeable coming-of - parenting-age saga that repeatedly flies in the face of its own sitcom impulses .
The characters are clichéd , and their predicaments are familiar .
Raising Helen gives Kate Hudson a chance to sparkle as a determined young woman who gives up her career to raise her deceased sister 's three children .
A winsomely formulaic domestic comedy that says that women can have it all -- but they really should n't try to .
You can take the director out of television , but sometimes you ca n't take television out of the director .
With a little help from the sunny Kate Hudson and her kids , at least some of that hokey sentiment gets through and touches your heart . -LSB- sniff -RSB- Pass the Kleenex , please .
One of those bogus ` sincere ' pictures -- a schmaltz-ridden mediocrity without an honest moment in it .
... Cusack is shrill and grating . Kind of like a movie by Garry Marshall .
-LSB- T -RSB- here 's something comforting about the predictability of Raising Helen : The movie 's only surprise is that it works so well .
Raising Helen is competent , commercial , square-as-square-can-be popular entertainment .
Marshall 's directing is cheerfully basic , and his sense of pacing is sketchy at best , but he has a canny way of tapping into American talking points .
I do n't mind sweet , cutesy movies - but a director has to know when to indulge that urge .
It is n't great , but , with Kate Hudson , it 's cute enough .
Despite having several strikes against it - Hudson , Marshall , the outward appearance of cloying sentimentalism - the movie defeated my natural cynicism by being , well , natural
I wish that Helen would just dump the kids since she sure would make for an interesting character if she were n't saddled with those kids .
Raising Helen is likable , formulaic , predictable , overly sentimental schlock.You 're going to find something to like in the movie -LRB- Hudson -RRB- , but there 's plenty to dislike
The sort of sitcom-by-way-of-Hallmark material we can expect from Marshall .
Raising Helen should be rated by one of those toxic materials symbols .
If -LSB- Helen -RSB- had her own NBC sitcom , she 'd be safe for many a season of dating mishaps , workplace cock-ups , and conspicuously plush interior design ; since she 's stuck in a big-screen seriocomedy ... she must be swiftly rehabilitated of her egocentric ways .
Like a bad sitcom , it wants to make you smile while tugging at your heartstrings , but what it induces is a grimace and heartburn .
At two hours , Raising Helen feels like it 's never going to end , and , when the obligatory all-is-forgiven finale finally arrives , it 's a welcome relief .
Hudson generates enough good will in the first two-thirds of Raising Helen to offset sporadic preachiness .
Shiny , undemanding and deeply fake .
Marshall keeps the performances within a narrow range that might be called over-the-top lite : cheery-through - the-tears , with every complication spelled out and quickly resolved .
A must-miss of snoringly mediocre proportions .
A heartwarming comedy that makes you think as well as laugh .
An acrimoniously cookie-cutter affair without an honest bone in its body .
Ladies : You 're going to hell if your popping bubble wrap with male models instead of birthin ' babies at home .









@highlight

As shallow and formulaic as a sitcom .