All you really need to know is this : Pixar knocks another one out of the graveyard and into the afterlife .
On the whole , Coco is a stunning achievement from the most consistently impressive animation studio in the business .
The filmmakers `` captured '' a living story , made it their own and gave it to the world . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RCB-
Pixar has outdone itself . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... its -LSB- a -RSB- sincere and loving reproduction of a tradition full of nuances . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Once you get to the land of the dead it is beautiful , both in story as well as animation . The animation is so good in this movie .
There 's an authenticity to the scenes in Miguel 's Mexican town and a reverence for the traditions that makes Coco a refreshingly respectful portrayal of the culture .
As it builds to it 's surprising twist , Coco becomes one of the most emotionally satisfying tales from a studio that has built a reputation for emotionally satisfying tales .
Coco 's creativity and joyfulness is always rooted in tradition , and Miguel 's experience becomes a truly emotional coming-of-age story .
Coco is always a luminous , playful and colorful film . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It requires a lot of exposition but it 's well done and once complete , this gloriously animated , musically lovely and supremely Mexican visual feast flies along .
A wonderful return to form for Pixar , who again deliver the emotional and creative goods while exploring other cultures with a genuine , tangible , love and respect .
Coco delivers heartwarming storytelling and eye-catching visuals , all the while honouring the power of family and music .
The film has a galloping rhythm , and the animation is scrupulous and ravishing , from its smallest details to its limitless landscapes .
On paper , the mythology scans as complicated and dark , but in the capable hands of Academy Award winner Lee Unkrich and Pixar veteran Adrian Molina , Coco is accessible for even the youngest cinema patrons .
A film that will become the standard-bearer of a positive example of what the Latino experience can look like on the big screen for years to come .
Much to my surprise , given my initial reaction to the story , I found myself crying at the end .
It 's certainly a substantial improvement on recent misfires like The Good Dinosaur and last year 's barrel-scraping Cars 3 .
Pixar ups their game every time ... the music is very catchy , as warm as the theme and tone of the movie ... by the end , I was a sobbing mess .
Coco manages its humor and music in exact doses , not transforming the story with them , but by using them as an expressive material to continue advancing Miguel 's journey . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Its victorious denouement offers everyone a different way to think about what it means to live on , and how that starts by treating those dearest to us well .
The director , Lee Unkrich , knows how to get an audience reaching for the Kleenex , and the climax here is a similar wipeout . You have been warned .
Complicated ? Yes , and a little slow , too . But the animation is as colourful as the story and emotions do eventually reach the desired level .
Pixar 's latest project is a glittering return to non-franchise form after 2015 's lacklustre The Good Dinosaur .
The necropolis Miguel explores is a magnificent creation , a heaving , neon-lit , labyrinth ... Coco has heart as well as jokes , and there are probably worse ways of introducing children to the party-pooping concept of death .
At worst it suggests that the brains trust at Pixar , after 22 years of peerless output -LRB- Toy Story was 1995 -RRB- , is finally eating itself . At best , well , it 's a superbly polished , technically flawless family film that makes you cry . And this is bad how ?
Funny , irreverent and eye-popping . It will also make you want to cry at least once but possibly as many as three times .
An unmissable treat for the whole family .
A sumptuous , expressively animated film , as dazzling as fireworks .
I 'd love to see kids try and place this portrayal of Mexico alongside Trump 's . Good luck with building that wall pal . Joyous .
Coco is a magical journey that is as uplifting as it is -- at times -- heart-breaking .
Pixar 's latest offering Coco is a breath of fresh air in the animated movie universe .
This is a charming and very memorable film .
The spirit-raising fantasy single-handedly atones for years of Mexican cartoon stereotypes .
Coco is just a beautiful film that presents death as an adventure that is as big as life . We dare you not to cry , laugh or furiously tap that foot to `` Un Poco Loco '' !
It 's a fun story , emphasizing family and heritage , and the digital animation is superb .
Despite the fact that it 's so well told and really beautifully directed , it does n't have as investing a story as I would have liked because it does feel like other things we 've seen before . But still , this is a good movie .
... a heartfelt film , full of fun , culture and moments that will have you reaching for tissues .
It 's handled in such a way that the characters become very lovable .
Every little side or subplot that this movie takes , whether it involves Miguel or someone else in his family or just some seemingly ancillary characters , it pays off so richly , so beautiful , from start to finish .
... Coco is another triumph for Pixar ...
Funny and heart-tugging with some knockout tunes , the movie glows with warmth . And how many kids ' cartoons would include a running Frida Kahlo gag ? One to treasure .
The film does n't go where you initially expect it might go and is all the better for it .
Though in many ways it treads similar ground , Coco is a film rich in heart , so much so that the film 's few flaws fail to take away from the overall experience .
Not top-tier Pixar . But decent enough .
It may lack the ingenuity of their finest outings , but this is Pixar 's best film in ages . Visually splendid , frequently emotional and culturally nourishing .
Coco 's sincerity is undeniable and its creativity often remarkable . The songs might be unlikely earworms but the film easily earns its place in your heart .
Pixar has raised the animation bar again , with its most musical - and arguably most magical - film yet . If this is the afterlife we 're all headed to , do n't fear the reaper .
... for children and adults . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A joyous musical adventure that should charm adults just as much as the kids it is aimed at .
I left Coco angry that its entire plot need n't have happened if the family had ever once acted reasonably or communicated properly .
Both a colourful sight to behold and an exuberant journey ; a film exploding with dazzling visual and emotional fireworks .
This is a beautifully touching tale that has a lot of say about celebrating the past and why me must remember those who have come before us .
While the animation is Pixar perfect , I do n't think the story grips the viewer .
Like Up before it , Coco is likely to make you shed a few tears , but here the sadness is met with joy .
It seems like the kind of speculative material that would be easy to get spectacularly wrong , and it is to Disney and Pixar 's credit that they 've been bold enough to go there , with class , respect and ultimate integrity .
Another Pixar masterpiece . It sits comfortably with Toy Story 3 , Finding Dory and Inside Out as one of the best Pixar films this decade .
Not exactly top-tier Pixar ...
Every plot point and thematic implication slots into place , but the pleasures of Coco are above all visual . I do n't think I 've ever seen a computer-animated film so rich in detail , or so dedicated to recreating complex and beautiful lighting schemes .
Aside from the look of the movie , it 's the themes and story that push it over the top in the best possible way . Coco explores what it is to follow your dreams , respect your family and that seeing is not always believing .
... there 's an overwhelming sense of deja vu about Coco .
Such a film stands or falls on the quality of the music , and Coco delivers on that . The original songs are very good indeed , and the animated concerts are stupendous fun .
The film can be seen as a model of the new wave diversity movement in Hollywood , with its story focus simultaneously acknowledging one of the world 's main cultural components while , incidentally , tapping into its lucrative market .
Coco features intriguing tensions between the need to love your nearest and dearest yet be ready to say goodbye , and the need to understand and respect the past .
Coco continues Pixar 's tradition of combining vibrant , detailed animation with nuanced and impactful emotional themes .
The netherworld into Miguel and his ultra-adorable -LRB- and hyper-clumsy -RRB- canine sidekick Dante must journey is pure Pixar creativity at its eye-popping visual best .
Coco is lush , vibrant , teeming with life and altogether delightful . And because of the authenticity and respect the film makers have shown to their story and its people , this film just bursts with joy . Bravo .
This is a great , lively film defined not only by the joy inherent in music , but by a pervasive love for human beings , imperfections and all .
Coco is a heartwarming story , about not only the importance of family and following your dreams , but also whether a person 's mistakes are redeemable .
And the animation itself is superb , its renderings of the land of the dead even more vibrant than that of the living . That 's ironic . Pero también es interesante , no ?
The Day of the Dead , which spans the full spectrum of human emotions , proves to be an extraordinarily fertile backdrop for director Lee Unkrich and his team .
The film 's message of cherishing our elders rather than our idols is a poignant one for adults as well as kids .
A simple but very humane story , full of memorable and adorable characters , and a really impressive visual style . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's an emotional ride with lots of color and fun along the way . Coco is definitely a must-see this holiday season , just be sure to remember the Pixar 3 and bring tissues .
Coco is here , and it is astoundingly beautiful .
... offers us an authentic , sanguine , emotive and funny story ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Coco is n't just the best animated film of the year , it 's one of the best films of the year . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Coco is one of the best things Pixar has ever done , and that 's saying something .
The multi-layered story , zippily epic , slip-slides us deeper and deeper into this world beyond ours .
Poignant fantasy that faithfully depicts Mexican culture and celebrates the Hispanic customs and folklore of Dia de los Muertos - while strumming the heartstrings .
Coco continues Pixar 's streak of pushing the boundaries of how deep an animated family feature can go .
Coco is dealing with life and death in ways that will genuinely move just about anyone that watches it
One of Pixar 's best movies .
An emotional and beautiful song to the value of family . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Coco embodies the hope and promise of what animated films can be .
Charming , stunning , and heart-wrenching , Coco has swiftly joined the ranks of Pixar 's finest .
The story 's metaphysical slant lends the proceedings a haunting and ruminative air .
The children ... behaved , entertained by it all -- the story and the songs . Me ? Not so much .
There is no folklorism , but love and respect for Mexican popular culture .
All good , however , very far from the best . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Coco is a perfectly calculated and orchestrated emotional avalanche . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
There is a lot to admire about Coco , particularly its energy and its story that attempts to find resolution between commitment to one 's family and one 's own sense of identity .
A very lovely movie that contains not one single surprise in its comfortably loose 109 minutes .
Coco is a beautiful and moving film , but there 's something inherently funny about Pixar now making movies where even dead people die again .
A dramatic , dazzling adventure that puts a fresh spin on la importancia de la familia .
Disney-Pixar 's best at least since Toy Story 3 .
After its spectacular visuals and music , its true and celebrational inclusion of Mexican culture ; what stays with us about COCO , is the loving heart of a family , and the strength of a little boy who wo n't give up his dream .
A beautiful ode to the love of family .
Besides being the first great Pixar movie about Hispanics , Coco is the best film about Alzheimer 's since Marjorie Prime and Away From Her .
This turns out to be a very heartwarming story about family and the ending is quite emotional . The golden touch of Pixar and executive producer John Lasseter is evident here .
Enter Coco , a movie that has both Pixar 's knack for the timeless , and that could n't feel more timely and culturally important in the moment .
American films often are accused of either making a caricature of the minorities or of dumbing down their culture , their traditions . Coco thankfully escapes both allegations .
Coco is a fun , touching movie , one that takes joy in the culture it depicts and invites viewers from other cultures along for the party , in ways both respectful and educational .
A nearly complete triumph , with a distinctive look , truly virtuoso animation , and a compelling , tear-jerking story
There are not enough superlatives for this film . It 's a masterpiece .
The work on screen is tireless , spinning a loving and immersive tale of memories , familial love and gratitude and the importance of holding onto where you 've come from while forging your own path . ''
... Lee Unkrich and his co-director Adrián Molina did their documentation work well , especially when it comes to recreating the Day of the Dead both visually and spiritually . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Lee Unkrich 's animated drama makes good use of its Mexico setting .
With as simple dramatic structure and a deep emotional canvas , is 2017 best animated film and Pixar 's most beautiful feature film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Kids under about 7 or 8 , not to mention squeamish parents , might be freaked out by a few things rarely discussed or seen in animated films .
In fact , as unlikely as this may seem , you 'll find yourself thinking of this movie long after it 's ended .
The visuals of Coco are amazing from the bridge of flowers to the world of the dead . It 's clear that Pixar took great care in getting Latin culture perfect .
The film represents a full embrace of a culture and its people , as well as a celebration of family , both present and past . As such , it 's difficult to imagine healthier holiday fare .
Directors Lee Unkrich and Adrian Molina , helped out by writers Jason Katz and Matthew Aldrich and a full-size city of technicians and crew , hit the right chords , gracefully .
As bright and colorful as it is , Coco feels more than a bit cut-and-pasted from previous Pixar efforts.It 's not enough that much of Pixar 's competition steals its formulas , it 's as if the company is left having to pillage itself .
I feel a little better about my own mortality after seeing Coco ; apparently all I need to do to live forever is make sure the living keep remembering me .
It 's no exaggeration to say it shows us things we 've never seen before , something that happens so rarely in modern cinema .
Of every Pixar film that deals with family , memory , and loss , ask , `` Is there sufficient reason for the tears that will inevitably run down my face by the end ? '' Yes , thanks in no small part to the ingenious use of De La Cruz 's hit song , `` Remember Me . ''
... a blunt , manic film that is worthy of Pixar 's award-winning canon , but not as important as it should have been .
Does Coco rise to the heights of Pixar 's very best work ? No . But it is a generous , heartfelt film , full of color and music , one that offers a timely Thanksgiving tribute to the intergenerational importance of family .
A wonderful animated feature set around the Day of the Dead in Mexico .
Another creative Pixar/Disney character and critter movie . Never had the Land of the Dead had more life .
You 'll go cuckoo for `` Coco . ''
-LSB- O -RSB- ne of Pixar 's all-time greats , a marvelous achievement worth experiencing with your whole family .
The film builds to an emotional tribute ... that brings to mind the opening sequence of another Pixar triumph , Up .
A beautiful love letter to México , its people and its culture , from Cantinflas to El Santo . One of Pixar 's best of the decade . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Coco '' is ravishing and almost seductive in the way it entices you . Not sure we 've done enough good in our world to deserve such a gem . Open your heart to its excellence .
Add ... its magical array of visuals - an entire `` Land of the Dead '' is realized - and its kind , loving representation of Mexican culture , and `` Coco '' becomes a force for good in the world .
It 's delightful stuff , made no less delightful by the darkness , most of which is handled so frankly that one simply grows accustomed to it .
Forgiveness and love are but two sides of the same peso .
Pixar 's transcendent fable Coco is filled with visual wonders
None of Coco 's few flaws can fatally undermine the film because it is , most of all , a smart and enduring piece of storytelling with a satisfyingly twisting narrative and richly complex theme .
You know the writing is solid when animated characters can touch your heart so deeply that a tissue is needed .
Coco is an improvement , drawing upon magic realism and dizzying technical detail to create an immersive entertainment that never condescends to its audience .
The movie 's so enthralling that you wo n't even notice the emotional currents building steadily and powerfully underneath - until it wallops you with them , of course .
Still , what really blew me away about Coco is the historic but long-overdue feat of being the first-ever movie with an all-Latino voice cast . It paid off .
This bright and mostly entertaining Coco honors Mexico .
Coco is worthwhile , just not as much so as I honestly hoped it would be .
... savor the sights and sounds of this latest Pixar win , achieved in unique fashion .
This engaging Pixar animation plays magnificently with elements of Mexican folklore and fine art .
The film , despite its ostensibly creepy trappings , is a good , if not great , run through the standard Pixar formula that is bolstered by its distinct visual style and the long-overdue expansion of its cultural palette .
Some of the darkest ideas ever to manifest in a Disney-Pixar film take center stage in Coco , a movie that magically doubles as the studio 's most colorful , vibrant adventure yet .
To call Coco dark would be too easy and also a disservice because it 's one of the famed animated studio 's most hopeful movies .
... both amusing and touching , using a celebration of death to prompt a fresh perspective on life .
The Land of the Dead is one of Pixar 's most enchanting worlds , unabashedly ethnic , filled with details you 'll never be able to catch in a single viewing .
The best animated offering of 2017 . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Scary Scenes , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Not only do Coco 's plot twists work like bone-shaking magic when they 're finally revealed , but the way its musical and familial themes are woven together like the world 's warmest serape earns enough emotional waterworks to flood the Sonoran Desert .
Pixar is back . Charming , vibrant , prepare to buy your kid a guitar .
What makes Coco rare is that it recognizes that the things that give your life meaning might be in opposition to one another , and asks you to consider what really matters most .
Pixar returns stronger than ever with a magical and visual treat that will tug at your heartstrings .
In total , Coco is a beautiful movie that has been cared for deeply .
True to Pixar form , Coco enhances its strong storytelling with brilliant visuals that inspire the imagination and , in this case , celebrate the Mexican culture .
Coco is a bold and colorful animated dazzler of a movie with a story of family that goes straight to the heart of young and old alike , which means it 's the kind of movie that Pixar used to make .
The liveliest movie of the season is about dead people : Pixar Animation Studio 's new movie Coco , a joyous celebration of memory linking our past to our present .
The movie may encourage youngsters to ponder the perils of succumbing to the blinding light of celebrity and it shows -- in obviously literal fashion -- that there 's much to be gained from honoring and remembering those who have gone before us .
It 's the kind of story Pixar has told before , but there 's enough variation to make it feel fresh .
Coco 's flaws and limitations would sting less if it were n't the one original Pixar film in a string of sequels ... With each new release it seems clearer that Pixar 's glory days are an increasingly distant memory .
Pixar rebounds nicely with Coco , a big , spangly animated fiesta with its fair share of `` heart . ''
Coco wonderfully explores familial themes , identity , and learning what it means to grow up in a world that is n't perfect .
Enchanting and dazzling , Coco is a resplendent love letter to Mexico .
An imaginative , fun , charming trip filled with so much heart it -LRB- mostly -RRB- makes up for the fact that it 's taking us someplace we 've been before .
Pixar 's Day-of-the-Dead gem pays loving tribute to Mexican culture with animation that brims over with visual pleasures , comic energy and emotional wallop .
The film is a visually gorgeous tapestry of Mexican culture and it fills the screen with the colourful vibrancy of Dia de Muertos .
... could be placed on an ofrenda as an offering of its own .
Its backgrounds ... have a vibrancy , and its atmosphere carries a warmth . And even after it 's done , both linger , just a bit -- like a perfectly struck guitar chord .
The land of the dead , as imagined in Coco , is a glittering steampunk Metropolis of futuristic high-rises and magical bridges , populated with some of the cutest and most playful skeletons you 've ever seen .
A magical experience from the first frame through the final credits , it 's a resonant fable that speaks to the heart of the young and old alike .
The plot , arguably , comes packed with more complications and psychedelic spirit-critters than it really needs . But you ca n't blame Pixar 's animators for having a field day with the film 's imagery ...
It 's a whimsical , touching and heartfelt celebration of Mexican traditions and folklore , and it 's one of the more original stories the acclaimed animation studio has told in years .
Coco is easily the best original property Pixar has come up with in roughly a decade .
Pixar movies always look good , butCocois in a class by itself . Ablaze with eye-popping color , every widescreen frame is filled with richly detailed settings and appealing characters . This film is truly a celebration
Coco is the most sentimental film offered by the Disney-Pixar canon since the 2010 release of Toy Story 3 .
`` Coco '' is magnificent storytelling ! It honors families everywhere and the importance of being remembered by them .
It 's not a stretch to speculate that this movie -- while a lock for a Best Animated Feature nomination -- is a legitimate contender for Best Picture .
` Coco ' has a big heart . It 's an embracing experience that stresses not only the importance of family , but of heritage - of who your ancestors are and why they made the choices they did .
Pixar 's heartfelt tribute to Mexico . Also , the best animated film of the year . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Brimming with life , rich cultural heritage , dazzling color , beautiful music , and incomparable animation , -LSB- this is -RSB- a celebratory affair that 's bound to strike the right chord .
If you want to know whether or not your kid is creepy , ask them what lesson they learned from Coco .
A harmonious set of themes , about vocation and ambition ... the role of family ... and the meanings of life and death .
It has the dazzling visuals , expert tone and pacing , and the smiling-through-tears moments we have come to rely on from Pixar .
There 's a lot about ` Coco ' that feels familiar ... but the visual splendor certainly makes it an enjoyable confection , with the Latino ambiance an added bonus .
The colorful visuals are matched with lively music , especially de la Cruz 's signature song , `` Remember Me . ''
`` Coco '' worked on me in ways I had n't expected .
It packs a couple of `` did n't see that coming '' moments , and closes with an obligatory family reunion emanating such joyous emotion , its deficiencies earn our forgiveness as well .
`` Coco '' is the perfect reminder of why Pixar needs to continue to make original films , too , as it creates a vivid , colorful , and truly imaginative world based off the Mexican holiday of Dia de Muertos , otherwise known as the Day Of The Dead .
In the end , it 's all too much , yet at the same time not enough . Despite its efforts , Coco ca n't rise above mid-tier Pixar .
... the film is exuberant and heartfelt , and the hero 's journey takes him through spectacular territory ...
Coco settles into something gentler but still irrefutably sweet : a movie that plays safe with the status quo , even as it breaks with it .
You will be taken to unimaginable places where humans and spooky creatures collide as they live in two parallel universes .
Pixar proves with its 19th feature film that not only has it not lost its touch , it 's getting better .
Twin touchstones from two of the most famous all-American flicks of the '80s feel like Pixar ensuring that audiences will feel at home in this foreign land .
Disney-Pixar 's Coco was more enjoyable three years ago when it was titled The Book of Life and came from Twentieth Century Fox .
Coco is a lovely film , with fizzy songs sure to resonate with the small-fry and empowering messages about following dreams and helping friends . It 's also explosively colourful , and beautifully rendered .
Adrian Molina and Matthew Aldrich 's screenplay constantly surprises with its inspirations ...
Luckily for the audience , the animation is Pixar perfect and stunning to behold . And there are enough visual skeleton gags to distract children in the audience from the fact that story is somewhat hard to follow .
Not only is it a wholly original story , but it also honors a culture that 's so often overlooked by the movie industry . That alone might have made it a hit , but Coco has so much more to offer .
Every step of the way in Coco is a visual and sonic delight .
The script 's ghoulish touches and mordant flashes of wit turn out to be its most disarming qualities .
Dazzling visuals along with intricately structured and deeply moving storytelling are the hallmarks of the best of the studio 's animated movies . `` Coco '' has those in spades ...
Coco 's heart is its ethnicity .
Being Pixar , the picture looks wonderful - lighting cinematographer Danielle Fienberg has outshone herself - but in the end , the derivative Coco lacks the spark of life found in The Book of Life .
Once again , Pixar delivers the most delightfuland insightful family movie of the season .
An earnest , values-based story that does n't sacrifice entertainment value .
At various moments , Coco is simply the most beautiful film Pixar has ever made , each shot a striking work of art .
Coco gets better as it goes , growing into something stranger and more resonant than its boy 's - adventure setup suggests .
Purgatorial politics aside , the story is actually a sweet meditation on family and destiny , and the ways in which one can trump the other .
Coco may not represent Disney/Pixar at its pinnacle but it 's close enough to the top to warrant consideration as the best computer-drawn film of 2017 .
`` Coco '' uses the vibrant colors and style of the holiday to spin an imaginative tale rich in tradition and culture , while beautifully celebrating family .
`` Coco '' may not reach the Pixar heights , but there 's an upside to its narrative density and elaborations : Since the movie 's beautiful , a second viewing will not be difficult .
... while Coco brings a lot of sweetness and light with it -LRB- and , undoubtedly , a lot of happy tears -RRB- , not one story beat includes something to startle the adults in the audience into realizing something new .
It 's not a subtle movie , but it 's an uncommonly affecting one-a film that , like Pixar 's best , manages to be whimsical and bone-deep , all at once .
This colorful tale of life , death and remembrance reanimates the heartstrings and secures a spot as the perfect holiday film .
Maybe it really is never too late to forgive and celebrate life .
This love letter to Mexican traditions and Latino arts is welcome , innovative in using bits of Spanish without subtitles and , frankly , overdue .
In general Coco is the kind of first-rate technical production you expect from Pixar . On the other hand , it often feels more frantic than exciting , and it counts on moments of humor that often do not materialize .
This film is a classic .
If `` Coco '' does n't quite reach the highest level of Pixar masterpieces , it plays a time-tested tune with captivating originality and flair , and with roving , playful pop-culture erudition .
Coco is a positively dazzling and deeply touching visual spectacle the likes of which is light years beyond Pixar 's most recent , already extraordinary work .
`` Coco '' is a day-glo firecracker celebrating a country and a culture that has been -LRB- and continues to be -RRB- much maligned , and it 's at its most vibrant when it journeys into and beyond the shadow of death .
A story that will be universally adored .
Coco is ironically a refreshing and daring break from tradition .
The joyful journey is Pixar 's best effort since 2015 's Inside Out and , like the studio 's greatest works , makes you laugh and cry in equal doses .
There 's a trademark slickness that sells it and while recognizable tropes are present , there 's something warm and comforting about their familiarity , and it helps that they play out within such fantastical , fresh-feeling surroundings .
The Best Animated Film of 2017 .
Guitar strings and heartstrings are equally and authentically plucked in exuberant fashion .
Coco makes sure to cross every item off its Mexican checklist -- tamales , sombreros , a shot of what looks like tequila -- but that 's not the same as immersing us in a culture .
The best moments in Coco are the less splendiferous , more solemn segments , especially the loving exchanges between Miguel and his great-grandmother Mama Coco , when the Pixar magic truly unfolds and our tear ducts get a good workout .
Effortlessly gliding between kid-friendly spectacle and heart-tugging emotion by way of surrealist touches and a hilariously specific recurring joke about Frida Kahlo 's unibrow , Coco is a goofy joy from start to finish .
Coco belongs to Pixar 's elite class with a sweet , sophisticated family tale that knocks down imaginary walls between generations -LRB- and cultures -RRB- with dignity .
An exhilarating and enchanting adventure with just the right blend of humor and heart . A perfect holiday treat for the entire family !
Everything in the movie is impeccable-the animation , settings , acting , pacing , music , emotions , humor .
Coco is packed with terrific original tunes .
What kids , and yes , adults , too , will respond to is the eye-popping color , fast pace , music and the humor . But do n't forget , parents , that this is a movie about death . Coco does n't shy away from it , and there are sad moments , too .
Mexican lore and culture spring to life in this dazzling and delightful animated spectacle .
As a film , Coco delights the eye and squeezes the heart . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Coco is a delight from start to finish , and a welcome return to form for Pixar , as this is probably the animation studio 's best outing since 2015 's Inside Out .
After spinning its wheels with Cars 3 , Pixar is back in top form with Coco , a delightful and moving mix of fantasy and family concerns .
An absolute joy to watch . Coco proves that Pixar is still at its best when tacking new ideas , rather than going back to the well .
Bursting with bold colors and packing an emotional punch in the final moments that could make even the most jaded among you shed a tear , Coco is truly transcendent .
`` Coco '' is full of life , especially when we 're hanging out the with the dead .
What a joy to watch `` Coco , '' filmmaking that actively sandbags the viewer , with the emotions of a starving artist and the mind of a pool hustler .
`` Coco '' does n't fully scale the heights of its predecessors , but where it counts , the movie hits almost all the right notes .
The movie slips into a familiar rut and the scenery fades into the background .
Miguel 's wondrous adventure transports the audience too , to a place that reminds us of the irreplaceable value of those we love and the bonds that endure long after we 're gone .
One might argue that Coco could stand to be weirder and more self-indulgent ; the alternate reality it creates is entertaining and expansive . But then it would n't be a Pixar film .
a giddy , emotionally satisfying adventure popping with color and animation so breathtaking it 's often photo realistic .
The film brings Pixar 's customary emotional directness to a festive , reverent , and wide-ranging pastiche of Mexican culture .
`` Coco '' is a beautiful movie , and the ending is sure to reduce most viewers to pudding , but it also serves as a reminder of Pixar 's free-range imagination when they step away from formula and sequels .
Coco celebrates Mexico , its people and traditions , and flows easily between English and Spanish .
Stunningly animated , poignant tribute to family and culture .
Encantadora
Pixar has another winner on its hand .
Coco is as indebted to Ratatouille as it is to Studio Ghibli 's Spirited Away , but the combination of sensibilities and the colorful , semi-spooky milieu of the afterlife realm where most of the film is set is not at all unwelcome .
While Pixar 's glory days may be behind it , their spirit lives on in the vibrant , emotional Coco .
An insta-classic , a dazzling , captivatingly written adventure resonating with profundity about life and death , memory and legacy . Graceful , bittersweet and altogether astonishing , `` Coco '' understands with utmost clarity what it means to be human .
The naked desperation of the skeleton characters provides the heart and soul of the movie , and it 's genuinely touching to see Miguel partner up with family members he either misses or never got to meet .
It 's consistently sweet , often funny , occasionally startling , and armed with some tremendously catchy tunes .
Coco shows more life in death than 99 % of movies today , which should come as no surprise as Pixar once again aims directly for the heart .
Coco is a heartwarming story about family and a well-crafted coming of age tale steeped beautifully in the traditions of Mexico 's Día de los Muertos .
It does n't reach the emotional heights of stand-alones like Up or WALL-E ... But it 's a tidy , endearing story with a beautiful , well-realized aesthetic , and marquee billing for culture that does n't get a lot of that in American media .
The results are magical and feel somewhat rebellious given the current political climate , which makes the film feel even more special .
Coco has become an endearing film for many Mexicans . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's fun , colorful and has a good story . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Coco draws attention from the start with extraordinary visual and sound design . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Coco is undoubtedly a love letter to -LSB- Mexico -RSB- . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
While it 's not as profound as other works of the studio , CoCo exposes existential situations . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... a genuinely touching outcome . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The general impression given by this film is of admiration and even respect for the national culture . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's a series of data , references , images , phrases and faces that shows a real knowledge of the world that the film wants to portray . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that must be seen and we appreciate that it exists to exalt one of the most beautiful traditions of our country . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Unkrich and his team avoid reductionism by demonstrating an essential understanding of Mexican tradition through a respectful and loving approach . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Could be Pixar 's most risky and therefore the most fruitful and even hopeful film , -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With a fetching soundtrack and an array of visual delights in search of a comparably imaginative narrative , `` Coco '' is sweet and sentimental without being particularly engaging .
The animation juggernaut has once more shown how its storytelling acumen and visual splendors are still the surest dance partners in movies today .
It 's a safe bet that audiences the world over will go loco for Coco .
-LSB- An -RSB- effective yet hardly exceptional addition to the Pixar oeuvre ...

@highlight

Coco 's rich visual pleasures are matched by a thoughtful narrative that takes a family-friendly -- and deeply affecting -- approach to questions of culture , family , life , and death .