The Rewrite is good fun and gets better as you adjust to its gentle pace and start to appreciate the unshowy quality of Grant 's performance .
Agreeable and familiar writer 's block rom-com .
The Rewrite tries so hard to be a knowing fish-out-of-water romcom , when it contains neither romance nor comedy . Any sentimentality or sweetness is completely wrung out within the first half an hour .
Hugh Grant 's most enjoyable film in some time .
Simple , unforced and immensely winning .
A full two decades after `` Four Weddings and a Funeral , '' Hugh Grant still does that stammering , understated , witty and dashing thing as well as anyone in the business .
As rewrites go , this one represents a decent improvement .
Hugh Grant ultimately makes the film an endurable experience , but he ca n't stop it from being a forgettable one .
Will likely prove one of those hidden cable or Netflix gems you 'll be glad you stumbled onto during a random night of channel surfing .
Another Hugh Grant comedy that follows the dots without much wit ...
Hugh Grant 's latest comedy is as comforting and well-worn as a heavy blanket on a freezing day .
Hugh Grant has the best facial expression of bemusement in films .
... has some scattered laughs amid the formulaic cuteness , yet ultimately it 's too slight and obvious .
A funny and charming portrait of a burnt-out , middle-aged screenplay writer
Lighthearted , likable romcom has sexual themes , profanity .
Great cast . If you love Hugh Grant films , you will want to see this .
The Rewrite wants to be a film about the messiness of life but it only has Hollywood clichés to work with .
By no means watch this if you 're looking for a nourishing cinematic experience . But if your idea of a cozy rom-com is an old Hugh Grant one , this has some cine-comfort-food-carbs for you .
This fourth collaboration between Hugh Grant and writer-director Marc Lawrence is their best .
Before it was done to death , there was something terribly appealing about Grant 's heroes , and many of his romantic comedies -- something `` The Rewrite '' nicely reminds us of .
An inoffensive but bland and unimaginative romcom .
It 's far from perfect , but `` The Rewrite '' is the kind of witty , enjoyable star vehicle in sadly short supply on screens these days .
Mr. Grant , now 54 , is facing the expiration date of his twinkly boyish act . And in `` The Rewrite , '' as he plays a spoiled screenwriter and one-hit Hollywood wonder on the skids , you can feel the strain as he goes through the routine one more time .
That `` The Rewrite , '' an entirely unsurprising romantic comedy , works as well as it does is entirely due to one factor : Hugh Grant .
Hanging out with Keith and Holly in this kindly , observant movie is a perfectly pleasant way to pass ninety-odd minutes .
At this point , the batteries are so low on Grant 's career interest meter , it would be a challenge to figure out when he 's authentically enlivened by his chosen profession .
Flawed though it may be , there 's still enough here that works to make the film a passable way to spend 106 minutes
It 's the fourth collaboration between Grant and writer-director Marc Lawrence , and it could be their strongest outing to date .
The story of an uninteresting jerk who becomes a little bit less of a jerk but stays just as uninteresting .
The title of this Hugh Grant romantic dramedy feels like a challenge , so we 'll bite : The performances are strong , but a rewrite - or two - was definitely in order .
How come Hugh Grant and Marisa Tomei waited this long to make a romantic comedy together ?
It 's too easy to slam a movie about screenwriting for its lazy , cliched script , one that largely falls back on the charms of its overqualified cast to carry it through .
Once in a while , Grant tosses off a funny line ; more often , he 's too busy mouthing Lawrence 's patronizations .
Shows how sharp lines and strong supporting performances can elevate the ordinary to something you tell friends to add to the middle of their Netflix queue .
The Rewrite talks a good game about second chances , but for Grant , it 's merely more of the same old .
Lawrence 's script for `` The Rewrite '' could have used one , and his direction is uneven , but it 's still rewarding watching Grant dispensing his dithery charm surrounded by old pros .
Keith is one of Grant 's worst roles to date , and even his sparkling personality wears thin by the film 's halfway mark .
`` The Rewrite '' feels like it had a rewrite at some point , perhaps muddying the waters of the film 's larger intentions .
Grant is as engagingly disengaged as ever , but this is , at best , only thinly entertaining .
Granted you 'd think a movie about a screenwriter could have been at least a little less rote , but that does n't mean this rom com is n't offering up some sweet entertainment .
Bright-toned performances by J. K. Simmons , as Keith 's department chairman , and Allison Janney , as a stiff-necked colleague , provide deft distractions from the didactic strain .
Sometimes all we want from a movie is self-deprecating Hugh learning to find his heart and soul , the cinematic equivalent to eating a pint of Rocky Road ice cream .
Keith is presented upfront as such an obnoxiously self-oriented , morally wayward figure that Grant 's fidgety charms have to work overtime to sustain audience engagement with its big-fish-out-of-water narrative .
A watchable but equally unremarkable romantic comedy where only the critically-risky title really plays with fire .
Those who hoped that playing a ferocious cannibal in ` Cloud Atlas ' might have got Hugh Grant 's thespian juices flowing again are in for a disappointment .
Thanks to some heavy lifting from the cast , there are enough laughs to make you forget that it 's only Grant you care about , and that Keith 's classes and Lawrence 's film display a rather mechanical understanding of romantic comedy .
Grant knows how to deliver a line and is n't afraid to play a sleazeball -LRB- albeit a redeemable one -RRB- but you keep wishing Richard Curtis was on hand to put better - and crucially funnier - words in his mouth .
What do you know ? The Rewrite turns out to be Grant 's most amusing comedy in over a decade .
The Keith and Holly relationship has an Educating Rita potential that is never fully explored or realised .
The latest Hugh Grant rom-com , The Rewrite is unlikely to serve up any third-act surprises . However , it 's a well-crafted piece , full of persuasive character detail and genuinely funny dialogue .
Grant and Tomei work well together -LRB- they are n't doing anything new but seeing their shtick grafted together proves satisfying -RRB- .
There is nothing in the old-fashioned The Rewrite that is unexpected but it has some funny one-liners and the smooth professionalism of Grant , Tomei and the able cast make it work .
Twenty years after Four Weddings and a Funeral , Hugh Grant is still playing a variation on the dithering , charming Englishman . This is one of his better recent vehicles .
Despite an engaging and watchable lead turn from Grant , The Rewrite is as boilerplate as inspirational teacher movies come .
-LSB- An -RSB- easy-going charmer in which deftly tailored banter and evident chemistry prevail over predictable plotting to deliver a comedy with clear appeal for an older audience .
There are moments here when sunlight breaks through the shtick ...
Hugh Grant is still funny ... when he 's allowed to be .
It would be easy to dismiss this as a plastic Hugh Grant rom-com but it has enough smarts , laughs and feel for its likeable characters to make it worth your while .
A rom-com that makes a virtue of it 's low-key , indie sensibility . It 's also very funny .
An entertaining comedy with a nicely delivered message about second chances .

@highlight

The Rewrite 's unremarkable plot is enlivened considerably by its likable cast , adding up to a comedy that coasts capably on the charms of Hugh Grant and his co-stars .