Gim me Danger is an upbeat affair which benefits from some stylistic touches from Jarmusch .
... what it might lack in formal distinction it easily makes up for in shake appeal .
Witty , loving and fuelled by some of the finest rock n ' roll music , Gim me Danger is unashamedly nostalgic , yet it also makes you leave the cinema with a lump in your throat that there 's just no one quite like the young Iggy in music anymore .
Gim me Danger is a love letter from a fan : it avoids a lot of nasty details , but makes you feel that you did n't really need them anyway .
Gim me Danger is a powerful , if not totally raw , portrait of rock and roll 's purest Dionysian spirit .
Pop , now a leonine elder statesman , is a salty , charming interview subject , but this is a surprisingly dry and conventional telling of the band 's halcyon days -LRB- and eventual reformation -RRB- .
Despite all the hardships , the film is enchanting as a tale of people who , for the most part , did what they loved , and in some cases are still doing it .
In what proves a primer and a tribute combined , it 's the obvious affection and the unexpected moments alike that give Gim me Danger its entertaining edge .
Iggy is the star of the show . He comes across , still lean and long-haired and handsome -LRB- and almost fully clothed -RRB- , as intelligent , caring -- and still vexed by what he sees as the corporate corruption of rock 'n' roll in the 70s .
It took a while , but the world eventually caught up with the Stooges . What a difference 40 years can make .
Gim me Danger demonstrates reverence for a one-of-a-kind collective of musicians .
Without breaking many rules , Gim me Danger honours these admirable rule-breakers .
The director is a little too thrilled to be in the room with his hero , and real revelation is scarce . Still , we get that mega-clang .
Long live Iggy .
On balance , this is mostly for fans -- and even they may feel some of the mixed emotions that arise whenever a one-time rebel is ushered into the hall of fame .
In the great pantheon of rock docos , this is an instant classic .
A heartfelt testament to one of rock and roll 's truly singular acts .
A documentary of a singer who has reinvented rock , and that it will please the unconditional fans . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film with a devastating sense of humor and a reflective analysis of the musical and lysergic influences of Iggy Pop and The Stoodges . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gim me Danger has a crackling texture , with amusing footage from archival sources , previously unseen footage and photographs of the band , and , to illustrate some stories , funky animation by James Kerr .
There 's wistfulness to Gim me Danger that rubs up against the ferocity of the music and creates a frisson of sadness .
It is a bit too detailed for non fans but as an art doc it works , and as an ode to Iggy and the Stooges it shines .
Where Scorsese helms docs about George Harrison and Bob Dylan , a veteran indie auteur like Jarmusch profiles a group of proto-punk anti-heroes too ugly and loud for mass consumption . Seems about right .
Standard as it is , Gim me Danger succeeds at being a very enjoyable documentary that shines a light on a great , great band . Sometimes that 's more than enough .
A documentary which ultimate goal is to restore the legacy of a unique band and be an evidence that even punk warriors can also be memorable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A documentary that abuses animation and old films scenes to replace the lack of archive images to complete Iggy 's interview , main narrator of the history of the group and the only survivor of the original band . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A sometimes impassioned but oddly meandering documentary , it tells the stories of the hugely influential 60s group through the recollections of Iggy Pop and fellow band members Ron and Scott Asheton . But as usual , Iggy 's the main event .
With this punchy documentary , Jim Jarmusch makes a fairly persuasive case that the Stooges , fronted by snake-hipped rock legend Iggy Pop , were the greatest band of all time .
Jarmusch does n't exactly reinvent the rock documentary with `` Gim me Danger , '' but he has a lot of fun with it and his scruffy , untamed subject .
Jarmusch is clearly a fan and lovingly stitches together archive footage covering the history of the band from the 1960s until their break-up in 1974 .
Gim me Danger is a gross act of fandom masquerading as a musical documentary .
The familiar approach does n't spoil what proves to be an infectiously entertaining epitaph that was well worth the wait .
Jim Jarmusch 's film about Iggy Pop and the Stooges has all the familiar ingredients but Jarmusch is an accomplished enough director to move the material onto another plane .
Unwholesome rock 'n' roll excitement .
The Stooges story has been told before and you can still hear the mighty roar of bug-eyed defiance on their three key albums but Jarmusch reckons it 's time to revisit this tale of drugs , burn-out , more drugs , and peanut butter all over again .
Iggy 's survival means he 's the film 's anchor , and it 's his captivating storytelling , full of both articulate reminiscences and daft flights of deranged fancy , that helps to overlook the film 's overall lack of weight ...
A conventional music doc about an extremely unconventional group ...
An important addition to our understanding of early '70s anarchy .
Jim Jarmusch seeks to alter the portrayal of this eccentric , irrepressible individual and remind us quite how brilliant Iggy and the Stooges were as an outfit .
Required viewing for anybody who digs rock and roll history .
Along their messy path , they made some crazy music . Archival footage and photos as well as stop-motion animation round out the picture of a band that defied the cookie-cutter model of the music industry and refused to play the game .
Jarmusch leaves no fingerprints , making this documentary a rather straightforward , artless exercise . Nevertheless , the film is carried by its subject matter , the music and a handful of long interviews with Iggy Pop that largely serve as narration .
Both fans and newcomers to the Stooges will leave with the hairs on their inner ears singed -LRB- thanks partly to the film 's particularly forceful sound design -RRB- and a song in their heart , even if that song is `` Your Pretty Face Is Going to Hell . ''
The Stooges ' story is a natural fit for the silver screen . Unfortunately , superfan Jim Jarmusch 's love letter to them does not quite do it justice .
`` I do n't wan na belong to the glam people . I do n't wan na belong to the hip-hop people , I do n't wan na belong to any of it , I do n't wan na belong to the TV people , alternative people , none of it , I do n't wan na be a punk , I just wan na be . ''
Whether or not Jarmusch succeeds in his task is up for debate - especially for non-fans - but he at least gave me a fresh new appreciation for a band that I already loved .
What it lacks in depth , this documentary compensates by capturing the eclectic spirit of its subject .
Gim me Danger could benefit from some deeper contextualizing , but nevertheless it is a staggeringly good film .
Gim me Danger , as incomplete and biased as it may be , offers the perfect template for Jarmusch 's hyperbolic thesis . It presents a clear-headed and knowledgeable film that still knows how to have fun .
Gim me Danger is content to be a sanitized history lesson -- the last thing you 'd expect from -LSB- this -RSB- band .
There are worse ways to spend two hours than in the streetwalking cheetah with a heart full of napalm 's laundry room .
This is Jim Jarmusch 's second documentary after 1997 's poorly received `` Year of the Horse '' and while it 's a messy , scattershot affair , the Indie auteur 's love of the band is clearly evident
Chronologically charts the chaotic rise , fall and reunion of shirtless Iggy Pop and his grungy , volatile crew of iconoclastic Michigan punks who wowed the critics but disappointed the record companies .
A brainy and funny look at the creation and still-evolving legacy of a rock 'n' roll band Jarmusch considers the greatest of all time , even if RollingStone and snobby critics wo n't admit it .
Gim me Danger does n't require liking or even knowing much about the band to be entertained .
One of the more entertaining boom-nostalgia docs of late .
Both filmmaker and subjects keep the focus on the music -- with a wealth of performance footage that brings such classics as `` 1969 '' and `` I Want to Be Your Dog '' to life in all their ragged glory .
Those who know every shred of the band 's story will find the film a cool reminder of what the Stooges meant to rock 'n' roll . Those who know little of their music will find Pop an interesting and forthcoming individual .
Iggy Pop , the band 's front man and the only member to graduate to a solo career , is a source of endless hilarity as he recalls the band 's grungy beginnings and lurching journey through the music business .
Gim me Danger is more than carried by the colourfulness of its story and characters , and by the bold essay-like thesis that The Stooges -- now firmly ensconced in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame -- were the greatest rock band of all time .
Jarmusch 's use of stock footage and snippets of old movies provides perfect backup for the personification of punk nihilism .
Against the steepest of odds , Iggy survives . Nearing 70 , he looks healthier than ever , as if everything we know is wrong and wretched excess guarantees longevity .
A bittersweet , elegiac tone ca n't help but suffuse a film animated by so many anarchic spirits who have since left the planet , but it leaves viewers with the exhilarating , inspiring reassurance that we still have Iggy .
If you 're looking for a rock star to carry a movie mostly by himself ... Iggy -LRB- aka James Osterberg -RRB- , now 69 , is a good candidate .
`` Gim me Danger '' is essentially a family album assembled by an enamored outsider .
A fine appreciation , but lacks the context and outside opinions to be definitive .
Diehard Stooges fans likely wo n't come away from Gim me Danger having learned anything particularly revelatory ... but as a celebration of artistic tenacity , Jarmusch 's appreciation for the band and its music serves as a handsomely made valentine .
Pop proves to be as likable and riveting on screen as he is on stage .
Pop is an easy guy to watch for almost two hours - amusing , self-deprecating and instantly likable .
The art of creation is always a messy mix of pushes and pulls and contradictions . The Stooges were among the messiest .
A journalistic valentine from Stooges fan Jim Jarmusch to his favorite band .
Tells the story of the Stooges in all of its calamity and eventual triumph .
I listened to the Stooges for a week straight following my viewing of Gim me Danger , and I 'm guessing it 'll do the same for you . Search out this movie ... and destroy .
This is a history lesson that , conventional or not , rocks hard . It ca n't help it .
The Detroit rockers may not have been `` the greatest rock and roll band ever , '' as the movie declares in its thesis statement , but Jarmusch treats the group as such , which is what you want from a celebration of a band .
Hanging back and being cooler than cool has long been a Jarmusch trademark , but when he gets too close to his idols it 's an instinct that makes great artists look smaller than they really are .
Rock and roll is at its core and by default not meant to be neutral , but Jarmusch does an excellent job at steering the narrative as objectively as possible .
`` Gim me Danger '' is ... plenty entertaining and includes many moments of foaming-at-the-mouth musical fury .
The Stooges may be the biggest secret success story in music . Gim me Danger preserves their legacy better than any fan might have dared hope ...
A personalized love letter to -LSB- Iggy Pop and the Stooges -RSB- and a fitting tribute to their legacy .
Anyone expecting anything formally inventive from this usually boldly iconoclastic filmmaker will be disappointed .
A shaggier affair than most , trading slickness for chumminess , including better stories than Iggy and company would hand strangers .
The film reveals the erudition and shrewd self-awareness that Jim Osterberg drew on to become Iggy Pop .
If Jarmusch has a goal with Gim me Danger beyond putting the history of The Stooges on film , it 's to create the feeling of hanging out with Iggy on a nice afternoon while he tells stories for hours .
Of course , this is first and foremost a movie about Iggy Pop and The Stooges , and under that rubric , Gim me Danger can not be considered anything less than a heartfelt , viscerally entertaining , and entirely successful feat .
Gim me Danger checks the usual rock doc boxes , but it succeeds because of its smashing subject matter . The Stooges may not be the greatest musical act in history , but they are one of the most lively subjects for a documentary .
Jim Jarmusch assembled a collage of Iggy 's exploits that 's a bit shambling , yet in the spirit of its subject .
For a story of music innovators and gleeful deconstructionists , ` Gim me Danger ' is surprisingly conventional in its style and approach .
It 's probably 20 minutes longer than it needs to be . But when you 've got archival footage this electric , and present-day interviews with Iggy Pop that are almost as entertaining , you ca n't really blame him for overstuffing the package .
-LSB- CANNES 2016 -RSB- Here 's proof that Iggy is still God , and the Stooges were the baddest rock 'n' roll band around .
Even if you do n't agree with Jarmusch 's introductory claim that The Stooges are the greatest rock and roll band ever , there 's still a lot of pleasure to be gleaned from Gim me Danger .
Jarmusch shows some interesting things about the stage presence of Iggy Pop . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A simple portrait of the musician . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A good , but not great documentary . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The story of the legendary band is presented in an atractive way , making use of the historical and social changes of the time , making the musicians the voice of their generation . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Jarmusch clearly adores Iggy and wants to ensure that The Stooges receive their due as one of the most influential forces in music history .
`` Gim me Danger '' is a compelling and detailed diary of everything that made the Stooges what they were . The best reason to see the film is simply the chance it offers to wallow in the grungy glory of Iggy Pop ...
Two seminal Stooges album titles - ` Fun House ' and ` Raw Power ' - give a solid indication of this film 's appeal .
Enjoyable and informative , -LSB- but -RSB- nevertheless confirms that the director should stick to fiction .
Stooges fans will find plenty to enthuse about in the film 's ample coverage of a little-documented career .

@highlight

Its infectious enthusiasm for its subjects - and Iggy Pop 's ingratiating presence - more than make up for the effortlessly entertaining Gim me Danger 's relative lack of context or depth .