The one-two combination of Nolte 's essential generosity and decency as an actor with Cheung 's innate levelheadedness nicely gets around the customary trumped-up `` conflict '' movies over-rely on .
A tough tale that gives a fresh perspective and brittle honesty to the experiences of a recovering drug addict .
A disappointment .
It 's a movie about bad choices and suffering the consequences and unfortunately , a lot of the suffering is done on the audience 's side of the movie screen .
Cheung makes her character work , despite a weak plot and script , both by director Assayas .
Maggie Cheung gives an astonishingly complex performance as a junkie rock star trying to clean up her act .
While this somber drug-abuse drama contains few surprises -- it 's pretty much what we 've come expect to expect from such material -- Cheung 's convincing performance as a drug addict is what makes it watchable .
While it may sound like the premise for a Lifetime movie starring Tori Spelling , Clean pulls off the difficult task of telling a deeply emotional story without slipping into excessive sentimentality .
Cheung reveals a wealth of intense emotions , never once going for a predictable emotional chord .
There are so many quiet , understated miracles unfolding in Clean that all you can do is watch in awe and amazement .
It helps -- immensely -- that Cheung is pitch-perfect . Her performance is heartbreaking .
The rough , exposed emotional candor of Cheung 's singing voice carries into her performance ...
It 's a joy to watch the characters in this grown-up drama interact , their exchanges laced with anger and doubt , sadness and regret .
The viewer comes to identify with Jay , feeling jerked around and not really wanting to get to know Emily , a lost soul who is n't worth two hours of audience investment to find .
The film locates its heart muscle , however , in its performances .
One of the most emotionally honest movies about drug addiction ever made . Well , maybe not addiction per se , but rather the attempt to disgorge oneself from heroin 's grip .
Beautifully shot and cut , written with a visceral aversion to cliche , deftly skirting sentimentality , sensationalism and simplicity , it continually surprises , engages and satisfies .
Emily is played by Maggie Cheung with such intense desperation that she won the best actress award at Cannes 2004 . Only a few actresses in the world could have handled this role from a technical point of view .
It 's a complex , very successful portrayal of an addictive , selfish , volatile soul who knows she might be running out of chances at a decent life .
Cheung , a star of Irma Vep and many Chinese films , has probably her best role so far , even after working for Wong Kar-wai and Zhang Yimou .
Assayas tells her tale sympathetically , but this sad saga lacks substance . He sells the wretch but not the redemption .
It 's a globe-trotting drama with more than a touch of Wim Wenders whim to it .
It 's the moral journey of Nolte 's character that is the real story in Clean , but Assayas instead focuses on the manipulative habits of an addict , resulting in a mannered study of narcissism and self-pity .
In Clean , Assayas returns to his comfort zone -- the world of appealing young people with interestingly chaotic lives -- and views it through the eyes of a woman who does n't belong there anymore .
Despite Cheung 's efforts -LRB- she won the best actress award at Cannes in 2004 -RRB- and a strong and subtle supporting performance by Nick Nolte , the story could have used a good dose of adrenaline to keep it from often seeming lifeless .
A remarkably human and heartfelt tale unlike anything Assayas has yet produced . It 's as if , for the first time in years , Assayas could see clearly .
The film that showed the world Maggie Cheung is more than just a strikingly beautiful face .
Assayas ' tale of the difficult search for redemption is less a standard road-to-sobriety story than a chance to marvel , close-up , at Cheung .
One of those movies that 's slightly off the mark in ways that are hard to put a finger on , but it is shot so soulfully and features such beautiful performances that it 's easy to forgive the occasional false note .
Rarely has the need for speed -LRB- or heroin , or methadone , or ... -RRB- been as credibly jumbled-up on screen with the desire to get straight and put one 's life in order .
The emotional truthfulness of Clean enters into our bloodstreams with its muted vigor , and we find ourselves getting hooked by this tale of getting unhooked .
Cheung has a long way to go to be able to add much to a meandering , unfocused storyline or to develop much care for the plight of a marginal character .
The chief pleasure in the picture is Nick Nolte 's performance .
Mr. Assayas has given us an international soap opera with little or no dramatic substance .
Plays like the work of a great auteur working in sandbox mode to build a world that has too much of the whiff of hipster fabulism about it to play at gut level .
Visually assured , beautifully acted , it 's a movie of scrupulous straightforwardness -- so matter of fact that you scarcely expect the emotional wallop it delivers at the end ...
... excels at depicting the mundane , day-to-day details that persist despite personal calamities .
Hong Kong superstar Maggie Cheung gives a revelatory performance as an aspiring singer attempting to get her life back on track in Olivier Assayas ' delicately rendered drama about addiction and recovery .
... Clean comes across as a disappointingly shallow picture that pales considerably beside such similarly themed films as Little Fish and the harrowing indie drama Down to the Bone .
Maggie Cheung and Nick Nolte seem unlikely co-stars , but co-star they do in Clean , giving gritty performances under the direction of Frenchman Olivier Assayas , Cheung 's ex-husband .
As evidenced by the best actress award she earned at Cannes , Cheung rises to the occasion ...
... sharply delineated , as though cutting its images from the chaotic muck of life with a chisel . In short , it 's a very clean piece of work .
Olivier Assayas ' ` Clean ' is in its way beguiling , once you survive its churning , narrow depth-of-field surface .
Clean is one of the few fiction films to evoke realistically the grubby texture of existence for second - and third-tier rock celebrities crumbling under a combination of fading renown and drug addiction .
It 's a film that has n't found what it 's looking for .
As Emily 's tale rolls out , it does so in fashion devoid of cliche and convention , toying with time and portraying a heroine who provokes contempt as easily as empathy .
The film gets its distinction from the performances by Cheung and Nolte , whose scenes together are suffused with loss and unexpected mutual compassion .
All the same and despite Cheung 's deserved Best Actress win at Cannes , the feigned intimacy with inexpressible bio-emotional conditions like addiction and detox leaves us , as it almost always does , on the outside .
At the center of the storm is one of the most focused , downright obsessive examples of cine-diva deification in recent memory .
-LSB- Cheung -RSB- catalogs every up and down on the carousel of a recovering drug addict with a mix of despair , pain , strength , realism and poignancy that is mesmerizing .
Not your average divorce gift .
Can a misguided adult start afresh with a new set of values and priorities ? This ambitious drama , directed by one of France 's most resourceful filmmakers , explores that crucial question in depth and detail .
Bit of a mediocre drama from writer-director Assayas despite some good turns , not least from Nick Nolte and Beatrice Dalle .
Heroin really screws you up . And this deathly dull drug drama will do the same -- if you manage to get to the end , that is .
A surprisingly upbeat , hopeful film that is worth seeing despite its flaws
Feels true to the life of third-string musicians on the road .
Dramatically pallid and unconvincing .
What Clean needed was a little more dirt , or at least some of the grit that the addict fears will never entirely wash off .
A beautifully wrought , flawed work that is utterly fascinating .
It 's not so much a movie in three acts as three movies stuffed into a single casing , and often showing the strain .
Wonderfully written and performed , ` Clean ' is an understated gems .
... one of those movies that 's admittedly very well made , but ultimately fails to engage the audience throughout .
A potentially incisive treatise on the nature of redemption and reinvention is given disappointingly watered-down treatment .
Some directors -LRB- mainly those starting with A , as in Altman or Almodóvar -RRB- can get away with doing things differently . French director Olivier Assayas is another A director who can .



@highlight

In one of her best roles , Cheung gives a believable and arresting performance as a recovering addict .