Great performances , great story .
A quarter-century -LRB- and , one senses , a lot longer in Rourke Years -RRB- since he pulled the popcorn-bag trick on Carol Heathrow and then talked his way back into her good graces , we 'll still forgive Mickey Rourke anything .
The most interesting aspect of the film is its depiction of the irreconcilable difference between someone 's public and private personae .
As the film points out , wrestling may be fixed , but it certainly ai n't fake . This may be a film , but it certainly ai n't fake either .
Darren Aronofsky 's filmmaking in The Wrestler is the most subtle and nuanced he 's ever done .
The movie is populated with real wrestlers , and it makes sure to nail all the little details .
Emotional and engaging , The Wrestler is a masterful piece of work that deserves every award the Academy can throw at it .
Rourke makes you feel every ache , disappointment and battle scar , both inside and out .
The Mick is back .
Savour one of cinema 's rawest talents finally powerslamming his way to glory and be grateful that Aronofsky dragged himself off the ropes on countless occasions to convince the money men to finance the movie with such a seemingly unbankable lead actor .
-LSB- Rourke 's -RSB- performance here is so good and unshowy that you wind up almost happy to keep watching that mangled mug struggle for redemption .
There was no character to root for more strongly in spite of himself in 2008 than Randy the Ram , and `` The Wrestler '' spat and bled his physical poetry - an elegy of emasculation and exhaustion building , in its final shot , to all the exhilaration he needed .
Rourke does n't need makeup to look this permanently damaged these days , and some of the emotional scars in his performance probably run painfully close to reality as well .
Gran actuación , gran película , 109 minutos sin desperdicio a dos de tres caídas . Recomendable sin duda alguna .
Whatever mistakes and indignities and turmoil led Mickey Rourke to where he is now , whatever demons have plagued him -- they all lead to the 1 hour and 55 minutes of magnificence that is his performance in ' The Wrestler . '
Despite the low-tech feel , The Wrestler is very tight and disciplined . The score is spare but effective , nothing is wasted in dialogue or action , and the fight choreography and stunts are incredible . Rourke is phenomenal .
It 's brutal yet sincere , funny yet solemn -- Darren Aronofsky has made a remarkable film that expertly depicts the reality of a sport it both honours and berates .
It 's a testament to Mr. Rourke 's talent that Randy 's life and attempted redemption never devolve into maudlin , unearned sentimentality .
The Best Film of 2008
Any film that can make you feel the utter loneliness of a character like Mickey Rourke 's is one that you can totally endorse . Yes , he 's as good as they say .
I do n't know if I 've ever seen an actor more honest and vulnerable on screen .
Rourke wears his scars -LRB- both physical and emotional -RRB- with such naked humanity that his performance becomes a kind of on-screen outpouring of his own grief and waylaid potential
Topping off an outstanding production , director Darren Aronofsky 's ending to The Wrestler is sheer perfection .
Rourke 's performance is gritty and real for sure and the tender moments ring true . But let 's not go overboard . It 's practically a reality show .
-LSB- Rourke -RSB- turns out a fine , sensitive , dramatic performance
It 's not the comeback , it 's the writing and the characters
Great art is sometimes difficult viewing , and such is Darren Aronofsky 's The Wrestler , a film that will be remembered as Mickey Rourke 's greatest screen triumph .
Mickey Rourke 's mesmerizing , road-wreck performance as -LSB- a -RSB- washed-up wrestler ... is the only reason to sit through The Wrestler 's cliches
The best thing about director Darren Aronofsky 's realization of Robert Siegel 's original screenplay is Mickey Rourke 's portrayal of Randy `` the Ram '' Robinson .
El luchador es una de esas películas que reivindican toda una carrera llena de altibajos , o que justifican la mera perseverancia de un actor , por más bueno o malo que hayamos creído que era .
... é nestas similaridades entre realidade e ficção , intérprete e personagem , que O Lutador ganha uma dimensão adicional que o torna ainda mais forte e impactante .
A conventional sports movie with an Oscar-worthy performance by Mickey Rourke .
The perfect melding of actor and role . Go , Mickey , go !
Aronofsky leaves it all on the mat with The Wrestler .
gripping , realistic ... Mickey Rourke brings everything he has to it , and it 's perfect for him ... if the violence hurts you , that means Aronofsky 's doing his job .
What do you get when a fantastic director encourages a sort-has-been to play a has-been ?
Have you gotten the picture that Rourke is ridiculously good yet ? You have ? Okay , good .
Rourke props up a standard story about a loser trying to recapture the glory days ...
Fluctuating eloquently between hope and sorrow , tenderness and isolation , ` The Wrestler ' packs an emotional punch - a deeply personal story of one man 's search for truth , love , and life outside of the ring .
In The Wrestler , Rourke -- with a scraggly mane of dyed hair -- portrays `` The Ram , '' a once-adored wrestler , who is living in a trailer park , working menial jobs lifting boxes and behind a meat counter , trying to hawk signed memorabilia in nearly de
There are great , pulsing moments of matched-medium nostalgia here , but the finale overreaches . Still , Rourke delivers a mesmerizing , melancholically observant performance .
A nearly perfect portrait of a lovable loser who leaps to a place among the screen 's most unforgettable underdogs .
This is Rourke 's big comeback role , and he definitely deserves the Academy Award nomination he received .
You will feel pinned to your seat watching Rourke 's characterization of a broken man in this modern take on the old-school boxing movie .
If Rourke does n't grab the Oscar , there 's no justice on this planet , simply for crushing the collective audience soul with the often wordless torment of Aronofsky 's abrasive but brutally wounded roughneck muse . Silence of the Ram , we feel your pain .
Mickey Rourke is indebted to Darren Aronofsky for casting him as a washed-up has-been in this emotionally-engaging character study , even if the role was n't exactly much of a stretch .
Emotions ooze slowly out of -LSB- Rourke 's -RSB- creased and battered face in Darren Aronofsky 's latest heart-wrenching , hard-to-market drama .
... strong , affecting stuff that can stand as a comment on the actual actor 's career as much as that of a fictional grappler .
Whatever Rourke has been through since his early movie-star days ... it translates seamlessly into the ordeal of Randy the Ram .
It must have been extremely hard for Rourke to play The Ram because he had to revisit some of the most difficult moments of his life , but it actually ends up helping his performance because it feels so genuine and sincere .
Represents a perfect match of actor to character and back story to script ...
Rourke 's performance is worth the price of admission ... It 's a portrait of a man 's life , and one you wo n't soon forget .
One wonders if the star 's limping , heavy breathing and dulled senses are all a show , or an upshot of a tortured boxing stint that transformed his face from cover boy-worthy to catcher 's mitt quality .
Pro wrestling is not an easy subject to take seriously , but director Darren Aronofsky displays it well as a spellbinding muscle ballet , sweaty and bloody , but graceful and addictive all the same .
Who better than Rourke to sell the idea of a battered , yet proud pugilist in search of redemption ?
The film demands to be seen , thanks to the deceptively simple artistry and humanity Aronofsky brings to the story and to the indelible performances .
It was almost worth the malaise of watching Mickey Rourke squander years of potential just so he could make his grand comeback .
It lines up nicely with my only other four-star pictures of 2008 -LSB- Milk and The Dark Knight -RSB- , collectively presenting a portrait of the uncertain , often unhappy America in which we presently reside .
What sentiment is in The Wrestler is fought for and is rarely more than tenuous .
You 've heard the buzz -- and in this case , it 's safe to believe it . Fresh from the flames of whatever hell he 's been lost to for so many years is Mickey Rourke , who is back in a major way in Darren Aronofsky 's `` The Wrestler . ''
The Wrestler transcends professional wrestling as Requiem for a Heavyweight transcends boxing ... -LSB- it -RSB- raises the broken figure of the Ram to the level of a tragic hero ...
Fine as the writing and direction are , it 's no insult to say that they are overshadowed by the performance of Mickey Rourke , who brings unequalled life experience to the title role .
It 's a wonderful , career-reviving performance , and you ca n't imagine the movie without him . Welcome back , Mickey .
Rourke is utterly convincing on both the physical and emotional levels , and the result may be the most fully formed characterization seen in any movie that opened in 2008 .
Predictable as it is , this sad , strong beast of a film keeps us pinned to the mat with the strength of its compassion and the overpowering force of its central performance .
Rourke is the one who saves The Wrestler again and again .
An emotional smackdown . Rourke 's never been better , and the change of pace and texture suits Aronofsky perfectly . The Raging Bull of wrestling movies ? Oh , go on then .
Aronofsky directs with unfussy candour , alternating between the intensity of the wrestling and the drabness of Randy 's ` real ' life .
Aronofsky has pulled off that rare feat - he 's made a great film about a niche subject that will delight wrestling fans and cineastes alike . And Rourke 's performance is a knockout .
The weakness of Aronofsky 's film is that these various sentimental crises are framed with as much subtlety as Randy 's wildly overdue heart attack . The film lurches into a predictable panic about dying alone .
The Wrestler runs on what are admittedly pretty traditional lines for a sports film , yet runs on them with exhilarating speed and attack . I was waiting for a cop-out ending , but it never arrived .
Not only has he hauled Rourke from his self-pitying slump , but , working from a screenplay written by Robert D Siegel , he has created an often-brutal , always-compelling portrait of a decent man trying to peel himself off Skid Row .
Randy 's climactic recreation of a former glory befits a film about someone unable to prevent himself spinning out of control , and is a smackdown conclusion to a mature , powerful tearjerker .
Aronofsky 's most authentic film refuses to ridicule the amateur wrestling circuit , while Rourke 's portrait of a has-been will surely be the comeback of the year .
I watch very few movies which could n't have been improved upon , but this is one of them . I loved every mythic moment of it .
The Wrestler is well worth catching . Against all of the odds you end up caring deeply for this battered and lonely man ... plus Mickey Rourke is astonishingly good .
But Rourke is so brilliant even Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad would be cheering `` Ram Jam '' by the end .
The platitude-intensive script by Robert Siegel would have been laughed off the screen without Rourke 's dogged grandeur .
The characters may be stereotypes to us , but they 're played here with a love and tenderness and resignation that could break your heart .
It 's Rourke 's display - crushed , hopeful , almost unbearably poignant - that 'll stay with you after the ring lights fade . His light has n't died just yet .
It 's as much a magnificent comeback for director Darren Aronofsky -LRB- after the grand , over-digitised folly of The Fountain -RRB- as it is for Rourke , and there 's a beautifully understated authenticity to this funny yet bleak , low-budget triumph .
A beautifully etched , touching essay about a damaged , desperate brute hoping for one taste of dignity and real fatherhood before his life goes down for the count for the final time .
The Wrestler is , in essence , an excellent B-movie centred upon a defiantly top-rate performance from Rourke .
Emotionally engaging , superbly directed drama , with a terrific script and a powerful , award-winning performance by Mickey Rourke .
If The Wrestler does n't get the Oscar attention it deserves I 'm going after someone with a staple gun .
Like a rehabilitated race horse or disgraced sports star who makes the most of a second chance , Rourke gives The Wrestler the temperament of a sentimental favorite .
Like Randy 's matches , the movie hits a lot of familiar beats ; like Randy himself , it gets the maximum impact out of each one .
Rourke 's Golden Globe award is as richly deserved as it was popular . Like the sport it celebrates , his performance does n't hold anything back .
With swelling lips to rival Pete Burns 's , and long blond locks shorn from Marilyn -LRB- the '80s pop singer , not Monroe -RRB- , Rourke sails above the freak show to give his greatest performance yet .
See the rise of Mickey Rourke to reclaim his much deserved spot in Hollywood .
The chance to play that poignant confusion is the real prize that Rourke and Tomei earn in The Wrestler .
Rourke 's mesmerising performance is the heart and soul of an existential exploration of self-definition locked on a sports flick .
Rourke inhabits the role like an old lion , his mane of golden hair cascading behind him as he prowls the ring .
La réussite de The Wrestler repose évidemment sur la performance phénoménale d'un Mickey Rourke que nous n'aurions jamais cru capable d'une telle intensité dramatique
As far as I 'm concerned , you can keep your Sean Penns and your Brad Pitts and your Frank Langellas ; if there 's any justice in the world , this year 's best actor Academy Award will be going home with Rourke .
The movie presses too hard and too often , but the performances are strong enough to withstand the melodramatic impulses , and the themes of isolation and self-destructiveness are too sharply realized to be trivialized .
The Wrestler has the intimacy of a fly-on-the-wall documentary . No stunt men were harmed -- or used -- in the fight sequences . But the drama makes for vibrant art .
With uncommon intelligence and brutal honesty , The Wrestler examines the cost , and need , of battle .
The Wrestler is strong , confident filmmaking . It shows you everything you need to know , and never whispers in your ear what you 're supposed to feel about it .
If this ragged but near-brilliant movie is about a guy trying to resurrect his career , so too is the performance at its heart .
A tough , bloody , enthralling movie that makes Rourke a sure bet for an Oscar nod , and even money to win the whole thing .
An enormously moving , beautifully acted film , The Wrestler honors its characters by showing how hard it is for them to reach out to each other .
Darren Aronofsky 's character study -LSB- has in Mickey Rourke -RSB- an actor unusually in sync with a role , indeed what seems to be the role of his career .
Brings Mickey Rourke back to the screen in larger than life mode , with a performance that breaks our hearts
The film belongs to Mickey Rourke as a washed up wrestler whose entire life is a mess , but still revolves around the ring . It 's difficult to watch , yet it is so compelling , it is impossible to look away
Rourke is sensational , but for me it 's Aronofsky 's handheld takes that steal the show ... achingly , effortlessly evoking the time that hangs on every choice and missed opportunity .
Mickey Rourke delivers such an unexpectedly moving , charming and physically impressive performance that he deserves some other award than Guy Who Gets Asked ` What The Hell Happened To You ? ' Most Often .
It 's bleak , credulity straining and often stomach-turning , but it definitely works as a heart-tugging character study , and Rourke 's performance as the has-been title character is golden .
Mickey Rourke is heart-breakingly good .
The Wrestler is n't a perfect movie , but Rourke 's performance gives it the impact of an atomic elbow drop .
Randy 's climactic thank you to the fans who have stood by him sounds eerily like an Oscar speech ; expect a reprise at the actual ceremony in February .
Welcome back , Mickey . It 's been too long .
The famously downbeat Aronofsky captures the grimy texture of life at the bummed-out bottom of the wrestling circuit , but the center of the movie is Rourke 's unimpeachable performance as a man who exults in self-punishment .
Will work best for you if you have any residual affection left for Mickey Rourke .
Aronofsky handily debunks any of the previous , common criticisms of flash over substance .
Aronofsky 's film demands much from its audience but , unlike the great majority of films , it repays with its tenderness of heart and soul , its wrenching and disarming sincerity .
The Wrestler offers Mickey Rourke a chance at redemption with the role of a lifetime . It 's safe to say that he body slams it .
Randy will stick in your mind as stubbornly as the chorus of ` Round and Round . '
Imagining someone other than the beatifically battered Mickey Rourke in the title role of The Wrestler would be like picturing someone other than John Malkovich in Being John Malkovich .
Mickey Rourke in The Wrestler is one of the all-time exalted examples of an actor meeting a character and of each redeeming the other .
Although suffering from a formulaic story , Mickey Rourke will make you believe that Randy ` The Ram ' Robinson really existed .
The characters seem to live and breathe between the margins of the story , and to exist for more reasons than just driving the story forward .
Rourke , in a role that could have invited outsized characterization , instead offers modesty and understatement . This small performance , in a small film , is by far the biggest of his career .
Director Darren Aronofsky and his ensemble transcend the melodrama of the genre to present something heartbreakingly real . You wo n't soon forget The Wrestler .
Scott Fitzgerald once wrote that , `` There are no second acts in American lives . '' The Ram would have to agree . But Rourke may be living the second act his character never could .
The bleached blond hair , the self-tanning and the hearing aid all create one of the most memorable characters of the year . Plus , there is a surprising amount of subtle humor .
Rourke 's work is both the best performance seen by an actor in 2008 and tops even his `` Sin City '' turn as the very best thing he has done in his entire career .
The Wrestler is Aronofsky taking a step back and giving you a full on actor driven flick that will make you cringe and weep and contains the year 's best acting performance .
Rourke is convincing and honest , marvelous and touching , but he 's not required to channel emotions that linger far and away from the man he has become .
Parental Content Review
The Wrestler is suffused with sadness , yet also the wonder of a spirit that refuses to be snuffed out , and it 's a lesson to us all .
The story is raw and often tough to watch , but Rourke is so good that you ca n't look away .
The excesses are easy to forgive , both for the humour and charisma of Rourke 's outsized performance and Aronofsky 's canny low-key direction , which make for a combination that is irresistible .
Mickey Rourke plays the battered , broke , lonely hero , Randy -LRB- ` The Ram ' -RRB- Robinson . This is the performance of his lifetime , will win him a nomination , may win him the Oscar .
The Wrestler is about the seductions of superficiality and the dull ache of living beyond one 's moment . It stares with compassion at the man pinned on the mat and wonders how he 'll ever get out of this one .
It is a pleasure to see Rourke finesse this amalgamation of The Champ , Marty , Rocky and a dozen other movies to his supreme advantage .
The Wrestler contains what is hands down the best performance of the year .
Tour de force may be a cliched reviewer 's phrase for performances during Oscar season , but it 's the only one that can be applied to Rourke here .
` That became a big reason why I wanted to make the film : the forgotten talent of Mickey Rourke , ' director Darren Aronofsky said in an interview with HollywoodChicago.com . ` No one had gotten to see him be sympathetic and lovable in a role for a while . '
. . a sad and eloquent tale of what once was crumbling to dust , a final roar against the oncoming inevitability .
Out of the fake world of theatrical wrestling comes one of the most real performances of the year . Rourke seizes on to this role from the first frame forward , never letting up until the screen fades to black .
A strong shot at becoming a sports movie classic . Feels so rich and lived-in that its standard set-ups turn into universal truths that bleed and heal .
Aronofsky 's unadorned portrait of a pro-wrestling has-been is built around a fantastic , physical performance by Mickey Rourke , captured with a style that renders his dingy world all the more strange , funny and heartbreaking .
... a scrupulously-controlled exercise in humiliation and expurgation , where both Aronofsky and Rourke look to cleanse themselves of past excesses with their tale of transcendent pain .
A rich character study ; Rourke is a wonder to behold .
This is a comeback tale with truly cathartic punch , its saga of a highly flawed antihero trying to come to grips with the man he was and the person he thinks he wants to be just soaking in the grit and grime of a life lived on the razor 's edge .
Has a lot to say about America 's entertainment and celebrity culture , and it tells a poignant story in the process .
Thanks to both Aronofsky and Rourke it proves an honest and moving portrait of a man in the twilight of a career that 's both made and destroyed him .
... handily his best leading performance in years ... possibly ever ... . Director Aronofsky ... plays it straight , giving us a clear , linear narrative , interrupted only by one intercut flashback . The step away from pyrotechnics becomes him .
This is not an easy movie to watch , but what a performance by Mickey Rourke !
Pro wrestling fans are the obvious target audience for `` The Wrestler '' but Rourke 's fine performance , Aronofsky 's craftwork directing and the well-written script by Robert D. Siegel should garner interest from others , too .
The movie is a bracing demonstration of how much art can be made with very little money . Aronofsky and his editor , Andrew Weisblum , keep the story coming right at you , fast and raw .
I would much rather have seen a movie about the devastations of the real Mickey Rourke . By comparison , the Ram seems like a stand-in -- a screenwriter 's pseudo-hard-boiled concoction .
Darren Aronofsky 's sensational The Wrestler marks a major comeback for Mickey Rourke and '70s style filmmaking in general .
Director , Darren Aronofsky , and the writer , Robert D. Siegel , have turned the story of this washed-up faux gladiator into a film of authentic beauty and commanding consequence .
Rourke and Tomei bring a tender , lived-in honesty to their sad roles .
The Wrestler is about one thing - Mickey Rourke - and that makes the movie both fascinating and limited .
The movie feeds off Rourke , who plays a genuinely decent guy who never lets his dawning self-awareness interfere with his responsibility to give the fans a show .
Director Aronofsky gets all the details right in a movie that feels like a tribute to so many who were gone too soon : Curt Hennig , Road Warrior Hawk , Rick Rude , et al. . . this one 's for you .
Darren Aronofsky tells a solid character-driven drama with simplicity and impact .
Director Darren Aronofsky puts himself up as a major contender with this film , based on a really excellent and uncompromising screenplay by Robert D. Siegel .
The best wrestling movie ever made . I 'm sorry , No Holds Barred , you 've been topped .
The balance and nuance of this portrait hold realities that perhaps only Rourke can fully understand .
It 's a hell of a performance -- and a hellish one -- in a film that is n't entirely sure what to do with it .
Aronofsky appears to be on an impressive trek to discover his humanistic filmmaking reflexes , and `` The Wrestler '' is a stupendous achievement of tone and emotional fullness to be pored over long after the end credits roll .
Rourke is harrowing ; Tomei is devastating .
FINALLY , a movie has come along that depicts the business as it is , recognizing that the potential for drama comes not from the pretense of competition , but in the lives of those who work toward that pretense .
While the director was essential in collaborating with Rourke to create that memorable performance , it remains real work in an essentially fake film , and there is nothing anyone can do about that .
The actors ' flawless performances are nothing short of major achievements . Ram is the role Rourke was born to play .
Aronofsky inflicts as much pain on the audience as self-flagellating Ram Jam does when brutalizing/mutilating himself in and outside the ring .
The Wrestler shows that , in both movies and wrestling , the line between reality and play-acting may be less clear than we assume .
The Wrestler offers something to pretty much everyone in the audience . Much like The Sopranos , it creates a world that might make you feel utterly at home or exhilarated by strange horrors . Maybe both .
It 's no Raging Bull , more like Rocky shot with a handheld camera . But Rourke 's wounded tough guy is undeniably captivating . He smacks you in the gut and wrenches your heart .
Mickey Rourke makes an amazing comeback , delivering an iconic , Oscar-caliber performance .
The scruffy , almost accidental beauty of The Wrestler comes as even more of a surprise than the greatness of Mickey Rourke 's performance .
Mickey Rourke , who has been flying under the radar for nearly two decades , makes this a comeback to remember .
Pleasantly trite script , predominately uninspired directing , barnburning central performance that turns the movie into one of the most transcendent character dramas of the year .
Rapturously enthralling and deeply poignant , one of the year 's best . Mickey Rourke gives the performance of a lifetime .
The absolute key to the movie 's success is that it 's mainly one actor playing one man in a way that we can join him inside his skin , and that 's all the movie needs to be about , just pure pathos .
Do n't believe the hype -- or , more importantly , look past it ; The Wrestler offers viewers far more than just Rourke 's performance -- which , it must be said , is excellent -- if they 're willing to not flinch from what it has to say .
But Rourke 's work in the film transcends mere stunt-casting ; his performance is a howl of pain that seems to come from a very real place .
the resurrection , renovation , and reinvention of Mickey Rourke
Present in every scene , if not each shot , Rourke gives a tremendously physical performance that The Wrestler essentially exists to document .
Rourke delivers a performance that seems to start and end in the cardiovascular system , making everything Rourke actually does seem effortless . As if he 's just breathing it .
The Wrestler turns into a piece of wildly uneven inspiration ... It 's as if a zero-degree work of realism -- like Lance Hammer 's magnificent Ballast -- gets body-slammed by the classical three-act structure .
In addition to the pungent writing and direction , the film features a truly stunning performance from Rourke
It succeeds as a character study , as a drama , as a comedy , and as a sports film . This is a remarkable achievement by any standard .
Darren Aronofsky 's most personal film in years is a small character study , featuring a ferocious , career-capping performance by Mickey Rourke .
This is a case where an actor makes the difference .
To put it simply , this is the best film I 've seen this year .
This is a film that you have got to see . You wo n't be disappointed .
... a deliberately-paced yet consistently compelling character study that undoubtedly marks the high point of Darren Aronofsky 's career .
The Wrestler is like Rocky made by the Scorsese of Mean Streets . It 's the rare movie fairy tale that 's also a bravura work of art .
Like Jack Palance in Requiem for a Heavyweight , the man you 're watching not only has the role of a lifetime ; he seems to be living it , too . The result is the most brutally honest performance of the year .
Mickey Rourke delivers a tremendous performance in a film that explores how one man can wrestle for his conscience , his soul and his life at the same time .
What Rourke offers us , in short , is not just a comeback performance but something much rarer : a rounded , raddled portrait of a good man .
an intimate insider view to the world of professional wrestling
The 57-year-old Rourke makes a triumphant comeback .
Manages not to make this washed up wrestler a joke , just an `` old broken down piece of meat '' for whom we feel tremendous empathy .
The slow-burning engine at the heart of the film is Rourke , whose tender , subtle turn is a revelation .
Aronofsky has devised one of the most gritty and intensely authentic sports flicks in recent memory . Rourke is absorbingly raw and reflective ... deeply affecting in its razor-like observations
Mickey Rourke gives a spectacular performance , heart-rending and true , which should induce showers of awards on this comeback kid .
Rourke shows a charismatic sensitivity formerly hidden . He 's got nothing to lose by holding back and it shows .
Overly sentimental but a must-see for Mickey Rourke 's astonishing performance as a pro wrestler seeking a comeback .
As painfully truthful as Siegel 's closely observed character construction is , the film is not without flaws -- but they take nothing away from what touches us .
This tragicomic portrait of ` God 's Lonely Man ' is the dark horse contender for best film of the year , although I 'm sure its star would n't have it any other way .
Aronofsky invokes a fierce blue-collar integrity that supports the idiosyncrasies of the story 's pro wrestling milieu ... `` The Wrestler '' is an independent gem .
Rourke brings a staggering amount of emotional weight to the role of Randy .
Aronofsky pulls all the usual strings in The Wrestler . But in the end the movie works , maybe because the best things about it are things that Aronfsky is n't even conscious of .
A compelling and poignant anatomy of an over-the-hill wrestler 's encounter with the excruciating pain and isolation of loneliness .
` The Wrestler ' meshes the spectacle entertainment of cinema and sports with the tale of a man who without apology does what he does best .
The movie is simply , stellar , an American parable and moving drama found in an unlikely place .
Annihilation and resurrection are the twin axes upon which The Wrestler turns .
To say this is a great comeback for an actor whose talent was exceeded only by his self-destructiveness is obvious .
Mark your Oscar ballot : In a major comeback , Mickey Rourke gives the year 's most dramatically impressive , not to mention iconic and self-reflexive performance in Aronofsky 's haunting sports film , full of allusions to the star 's career and life offscreen
A quiet , intimate portrait of a troubled soul -- someone at odds with himself and with life in general whose every ounce of pain and virtue is measured onscreen .
In his least gimmicky film yet , Aronofsky ditches his usual skittery stylistics in favor of a relaxed atmosphere of seediness and a comeback-kid performance from Mickey Rourke .
The most haunting sports film , or at least the most haunting film about the margins of a sport , since Fat City
A natural awards contender and audience-pleaser without feeling overtly manipulative on the way .
Rourke creates a galvanizing , humorous , deeply moving portrait that instantly takes its place among the great , iconic screen performances .
Although the film teeters on the brink of sentimentality , it never topples into the slush , and this is a tribute to the rigorous direction as well as the astringent performances .



@highlight

Mickey Rourke gives a performance for the ages in The Wrestler , a richly affecting , heart-wrenching yet ultimately rewarding drama .