Confounding , infuriating and untrustworthy .
Is is all a stunt staged for the cameras ? If so , then why is n't it more interesting ?
definitely eerie and scary , though not in the traditional sense
In a classic case of filmmakers prioritizing their own pitch over the actual goods , Ariel Schulman and Henry Joost put Schulman 's toothy-grinned brother Nev front and center as he investigates his fishy long-distance Facebook crush .
A film in which we spend an hour with these three dopes from Soho should have dispensed with each of them and just focused on this fascinating , lonely , quietly powerful woman from Michigan .
Fascinating , if far-fetched film of a real life game of online Liar 's Poker exposing the perils of Internet romance .
Catfish is a unique documentary - like Capturing The Friedmans , it starts as one thing and mutates into a completely different , terrifying animal halfway through .
Socially interesting and emotionally affecting , but also highly irritating .
It 's gripping , heartfelt and occasionally laugh-out-loud funny , only let down by a directionless ending .
Catfish certainly feels real enough to leave you with a stunned feeling at its finale and a nagging suspicion that the world is an even stranger place than you imagined .
I was utterly enthralled from the first frame to the last .
Worth seeing .
Something here really smells just like the word used in the title .
Whether its real or not is irrelevant . Catfish is an amazing , tense , charming , soulful , utterly surprising portrait about technology & psychology
I applaud the makers of Catfish for the way in which they 've made and marketed their movie . They 're selling it as something different ... and that 's a big reason why I liked it .
The true , almost nightmarish beauty of Catfish is the all too crystal clear mirror it holds up to its audience .
If Inception had you jokingly wonder what is real and what is fake , Catfish will have you frantically scrambling around for totems to spin just to double check the veracity of the existence of yourself and the people around you .
Starting like any amateur video of a family member , Catfish is so poorly shot we could be excused for thinking that it was made to look as amateur as possible to enhance its street cred as a ` real find '
The trouble is the filmmakers seem to be stylists and opportunists ; Catfish has the slick gloss of hipster media magazine journalism . Its deeper questions are never probed .
It 's a stunning dismantling of Facebook and the society of the spectacle -LRB- thanks , Debord -RRB- that goes along with it .
Catfish reveals in the most surprising of ways why a social network created by a lonely teenage introvert is , in a word , fishy .
The core story might be legitimate , but too much of the film is so blatantly staged that it is impossible to imagine this is a genuine record of life unfolding .
If you begin with the premise that all films , docs and dramas , are constructs of one sort or another and it 's the how and why that 's important , you 'll have fun pulling this apart .
The great thing about Catfish is the compassion it shows towards everyone involved . It tries to reach an understanding of the truth but without mocking or judging .
-LSB- A -RSB- generous and sensitive examination of both the psychology of deceit and the illusion of connectivity offered by social networking services such as Facebook .
Is it real ? When a film 's this good , that becomes secondary .
The film begs lots of questions about how , and when , it became clear any of this was worth documenting , but it certainly was .
It really is an intriguing modern tale of communication , intimacy , self-knowledge and the web : a great companion to The Social Network .
It works initially as a suspenseful mystery and then turns into . . . something else .
In the truth it finds , Catfish is a sad and troubling film that avoids cynicism .
The film 's freewheeling strangeness leaves the viewer unable to decide if it is truthful or exploitative , genuine or faked .
Just as you think you 're heading towards thriller territory , with street-smart New Yorkers confronting Midwestern loons , the film mutates into a study of benevolence , understanding and forgiveness .
Although marketed as some sort of cyber thriller , this is far closer in tone to the sublime doc Capturing The Friedmans by Andrew Jarecki , who just happens to be one of the producers .
Unbelievable filmmaking .
You have to see this new film called Catfish . Only problem is , I ca n't tell you why . Which , admittedly , makes this review useless .
Starts as a documentary about an offbeat online relationship before warping into something much more interesting .
A compulsive , propulsive study of relationships virtual and real .
The real draw of the film is obviously based around the revelations at Abby 's farm ; but I do n't want to spoil the surprise , so just go and watch this film .
Catfish will leave you with plenty of nagging questions , but whatever the truth behind the story , this is an extraordinary , provocative film and one that grips like a vice right up to the troubling and moving finale .
A deftly clever commentary on the nature of identity and how it defines our role in society .
Filmmakers Ariel Schulman and Henry Joost , as well as ` star ' Nev Schulman , insist the film is a real documentary , I 'm only about 50 percent sold on this claim .
What a gem !
frequently uneven in its narrative strategies , but still effective in drawing you into the story and conveying a real sense of human need , desire , and compassion
Impressively directed and superbly edited , this is an utterly riveting documentary that is by turns suspenseful , hilarious , disturbing and moving .
Dire cyber-age consequences of making up your life as you go along
... an unusual , uneven documentary ...
It 's not often I get to go in to a movie thinking I have it pegged from minute one and leave it completely re-thinking my own perceptions and the world outside my computer ...
A movie that not only plays fast and loose with the facts ; it also puts a rather callow and narcissistic young man in the lead role . Despite the directors ' intentions , the `` villain '' of this movie is much more attractive than the ostensible protagonist .
Not only a wrenching human drama , but also a precise encapsulation of the promise and the dangers of a web-connected world .
A recent , famous `` New Yorker '' cartoon has two dogs perched in front of a computer , the one telling the other , `` On the Internet , nobody knows you?re a dog . '' As Catfish proves , that goes for humans , too .
You 're unlikely to see a more riveting and surprising true-life tale anytime soon .
A true-life tragi-dramedy , Catfish is an exhilarating film in its intimacy , its boundary-pushing , its emotional rawness ... Everyone who uses the Internet on a regular basis needs to see this film : you may have already lived some of it .
The absorbing , low-fi Catfish is a very generational cinematic offering , a digital-age mystery about identity , human frailty and social connection .
On a certain level the film is fascinating but unfortunately it is also way too long even at 90 some minutes .
` Catfish ' is certainly involving , but it 's hard to feel good about it .
It must be said that the filmmakers , who profess to be as surprised as we are about how things play out , are being disingenuous at best and underhanded at worst .
It 's satisfying to see the arrogant filmmakers somewhat humbled by what they find on their journey . That 's a feeling much of the audience will share in this unusual and haunting film .
If you want to see a film about how social media is a poor substitute for real human connections , seek out the far better ` The Social Network . ' -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
There 's a certain amount of exploitation going on in the process -- which may be unavoidable in anything dealing with the internet -- but there 's a great deal of trust as well , whether it 's real or not .
It 's a good reminder that it 's wise to be careful when your `` friends '' are really strangers .
And you thought MySpace was scary .
Want to know the truth about Catfish ? Either way , it 's one of the most resonant , haunting , provocative movies I 've seen this year .
Facebook must be blushing this week about the release of two films focused on the darker side of all those glowing computer screens . Between The Social Network and Catfish , some of Facebook 's 500 million members may think twice about logging on .
Opens with bursting promise of investigation , only to end up inside a particular quicksand of depression that 's far too substantial for the trio to process with any sort of desired , respectful intelligibility .
Now that ` The Social Network ' has explored the origins of Facebook , this ` reality ' documentary of online intrigue examines one of its more bizarre encounters .
Does the fact that Nev Schulman , the `` hero '' of the is-it-real documentary , comes off like a smug , sneering , cruel , elitist , club kid mean that the movie is unwatchable ? No , it does n't , because the subject matter is more interesting than the approach .
That is n't to say that this film does n't raise some provocative questions in an intriguing way -- it does . But in the end its answers seem just too pat , and frankly unrealistic .
... something does n't add up ; details do n't bear scrutiny , and the filmmakers ca n't hide their smug naughty-boy smirks .
Next to the Internet 's capacity for deception , alienation , and personal reinvention , Michelangelo Antonioni 's existential quandaries seem quaint .
The `` wow '' factor of this movie evokes strong reactions and should get people talking ...
... to get to a respectable feature length , the directors have to stretch their thin material mercilessly .
I 'm not exactly the world 's biggest webhead , but when a simple Google search blows a sock-puppet 's story out of the water , due diligence is not exactly one 's strong suit .
The movie itself is an invasion of privacy , as the constant sparring between the filmmakers and their increasingly reluctant subject reminds us .
The film tells a devastating story that could n't be more relevant to our times , who we are in real life versus the way we present ourselves online .
At the end of this exquisitely poignant film , it 's clear we humans are going to need a refreshed emotional skill set if we 're to make sense of the real relationships we forge in our virtual worlds .
There are some creepy chuckles to be had from this allegedly true account .
The misleading trailer will intrigue people to watch it but the actual product is so much more rewarding . Catfish is unintentionally genius .
We 're subject to such a tsunami of information , we ca n't enjoy a surprise every now and then . Until now . Do n't let anyone ruin this unique piece -- just go see it for yourself .
The final narrative movement ... lets the early part of the film rest as the weaker premise that it is .
A haunting exploration of identity , intimacy , desire , and the temptations of online relationships . And if you want the rest of my review , send me an email .
At first glance , it seems like a sweet story . However , like almost everything on the internet , it possibly possesses an evil , nasty , nefarious dark side -LRB- that might lead to porn -RRB- .
A mildly intriguing exercise in guerrilla filmmaking , lapsed ethics and the potential for social-networking deception .
What they find when they visit Michigan is best left to viewers , but it 's definitely fascinating and worthy of many post-movie discussions .
There 's no denying its strong narrative or its emotional pull . And the film 's computer-influenced visual style is very much of the moment .
The film has a firm grasp on what makes compelling drama ... and it wraps up with a poignancy that I was n't prepared for .
An engrossing , timely tale and one that surveys the humanity of its subjects while picking away the dishonesty .
Without getting into the troubling notion that this whole thing is a put-on , the `` big revelation '' is nothing that anyone with a passing familiarity with socialization on the internet did n't already know after 10 minutes in an AOL chat room circa 1998 .
Staggering and miraculous . Watching it has the power to simultaneously chill the bones and break one 's heart .
There 's mystery at the heart of Catfish , and the beguiling thrill of a chase into the unknown .
Though it 's out of fashion in these days of Facebook and cellphone cameras , some stories might be better left unshared .
`` Why am I watching this ? '' is the question I asked myself throughout the film . That and `` Is this even a movie ? '' Third : `` Thank God I did n't pay to see this . ''
It is affecting , surprising , heartbreaking -LRB- though not , despite the marketing campaign that would lead you to believe otherwise , scary -RRB- .
Is it a moving chronicle of fluid identity in the anonymous Internet age ? Is it a self-serving bag of tricks from a reality-show wannabe ? I 'm afraid I 'm in the latter camp .
Catfish ... raises all sorts of questions -- about the imaginary realms that open when you click on your computer screen , about cyber-stalking , but also about journalistic ethics .
Catfish demands to be seen , if only for the excellent arguments you 'll have about it on the drive home .
To some degree Catfish might be pulling the same trick it 's exploring , but in an oddly fascinating way that does n't make it any less valid as modern button-pushing .
Catfish is fascinating . At the same time , it emits a condescending , pitying odor . Yet any documentary able to provoke such mixed feelings on a single viewing is doing something right , even if you 're not sure , in the end , what that thing is .
In the end , it 's just a tale of passable interest and questionable authenticity .
The facts in the film are slippery , but the revelation of a human personality is surprisingly moving .
Whatever your reaction to the moral and ethical decisions made by the filmmakers , you 'll find Catfish fascinating on a broader level as a snapshot of a rapidly changing era ...
An insightful portrait of human relations at the outset of the 21st century , Catfish examines the tremendous power of the Internet .
Of all the twists in Catfish , the most surprising of all is what an honest and thoughtful film it turns out , against all odds , to be .
A somewhat amusing , funny and heartfelt blend of reality and fiction with no real surprises to offer and a social message that 's far from profound .
Ads and trailers for Catfish proclaim the film 's story to be true . Maybe it is . Maybe it is n't . Maybe it 's half and half . And , maybe it does n't matter all that much . The film is enormously entertaining and very worth watching .
... an enthralling documentary about loneliness , deception and that place where the two often meet : Facebook .
I enjoyed it pretty much all the way through , and the increasingly weirder it got the more I wanted to keep going down the rabbit hole the directors were descending .
I feel bad for the catfish , but I guess I need them to be catfish or there 'd be no me to feel bad for them . You 'll understand at the end .
Online life docu reels viewers in with suspense , humanity .
In the end , I think Catfish lives up to its namesake 's reputation as a bottom-feeder .
They 've had success marketing horror movies as documentaries lately , so why not sell a documentary as a horror film ? Well ... because it 's not .
The Schulmans and Joost do n't fully do justice to the truths they stumble upon , but they capture a glimpse into another America , far from downtown Manhattan 's creative class , that will stay with you and possibly touch you .
I say this with a heavy sigh : this is , by far , one of the most intriguing movies of the year .
To avoid revealing too much and spoiling a fresh and intriguing experience , let 's just say this : Catch Catfish .
It may or may not be one of the year 's best documentaries , but it 's certainly one of the most unforgettable ...
Much of this film appears very contrived , as if once the filmmakers stumbled onto their story , they went back and filmed re-creations of the initial Facebook scenes .
The first thing to know about Catfish is that the trailers and ads are -LSB- misleading -RSB- ... . The second thing to know is that Catfish is better than the movie described in the ads .
Your mom told you to be wary of strangers , right ? Good advice . And that 's all I 'm gon na say .
If this really did unfold as the filmmakers claim , then the story is indeed sad and provocative , but its reputation has preceded it and aware audiences will expect something about what like happens .
Catfish is absolutely riveting , and even nerve-wracking as Joost and the Schulmans get progressively closer to learning more about their `` friends . ''
tricky and freaky
I believe that a documentary should do one of two things : educate you about things not known or present you with something familiar but with added depth of knowledge ... Catfish meets neither of those requirements .
There 's more killer suspense and shocking intimacy in this one-of-a-kind documentary than you 'll find in a dozen thrillers . You 'll laugh hard and cry too .
There is much here that is hard to swallow .
Truth is so much stranger than fiction and this film has the ring of truth . And it 's also just plain fascinating .
A documentary about a Facebook scam that sometimes looks so polished that it looks like a fictional setup .
An intriguing and suspenseful documentary .
Does it matter that this self-centered experiment intrudes on the lives of others ? IMHO : yes . In Catfish , the camera 's - rolling readiness to trawl for drama leaves a slimy aftertaste .
Even as a work of fiction , Catfish would remain provocative and true .
What rankles about Catfish is the way it treats the person at the other end of Nev 's flirtation with feigned sympathy , turning that person 's tragically complicated life into faux-profound fodder for Generation Internet .
For all its intensity and mystery , though , there 's still a welcome note of uplift at the end . And that 's a surprise , too .
A fascinating journey through the twisted , tangled web that Facebook weaves .
A smart and savvy documentary about online relationships and the things that draw people together or pull them apart in cyberspace .
Catfish is an example of documentary filmmakers shaping reality to suit their own storytelling needs .
Catfish is heartbreaking , funny and not necessarily what you 'd expect .
Although Catfish is opportunistic , even borderline exploitive , it gets at -- by indirection , through the back door -- the magic-carpet aspect of this scary new medium . Real people are so complicated and irreducible , you know ?
All that 's left to the proceedings are `` well-duh ! '' revelations about the way modern mass-media affords opportunities for role-playing deceptions .
Co-directors Ariel Schulman and Henry Joost make a fascinating-by-design docudrama ...
Catfish is hampered by its inability to move beyond the obvious .
` Catfish ' is the worst case of false advertising in cinematic history .
Bravely charging into uncharted territory and confronting emotions that would be easier to ignore , Catfish emerges as an unexpectedly compassionate work .
A Facebook connection evolves into a surprising real-life movie mystery in this highly original documentary by a team of New York videographers .
Documenting in tantalizing detail the twist-filled true story of a young man fooled by Facebook , the pic should easily hook domestic crowds .
The second half of Catfish is what raises the movie into something more than a snarky doc .
Overwhelmingly sad , honest , creepy and ultimately hopeful .
Twisty tale of social-media intrigue makes for crowd-pleasing doc .
an emotional roller-coaster ride that you wo n't be able to shake for days afterwards
This is a film of warmth , humor , suspense and surprising grace , a crowd-pleaser for fans of personal docs , as well as anyone fascinated by the social and psychological ramifications of our increasingly virtual world , ensuring healthy box office numbers .


@highlight

Catfish may tread the line between real-life drama and crass exploitation a little too unsteadily for some viewers ' tastes , but its timely premise and tightly wound mystery make for a gripping documentary .