What could have easily been a throwaway comedy ended up being a heartwarming bromance with enough pop culture references to make me and the nerdy friends I went with feel right at home .
Hart and Johnson actually pair up nicely , and Central Intelligence is a fun action-comedy largely because of their antics and the chemistry that they manage .
Remember how The Rock used to bully Jonathan Coachman during every interview , convincing him to make an ass of himself every single episode of Raw ? Replace Coach with Kevin Hart and you have Central Intelligence
Speaking of comedy , the punches and the Black guy jokes are silly . The action scenes are decent and work to certain extent but the film is avoidable on the whole as it lacks ` intelligence .
The film 's deft pace , it 's frenzied silliness , punchy wisecracks coupled with the Johnson and Hart 's deft handling of the situational comedy holds your interests despite the threadbare plot .
It helps that he 's working with Dwayne ` The Rock ' Johnson , a man-mountain with an unexpected gift for comedy , but the fact is -- I never thought I 'd write this -- Hart is emerging as a genuinely funny guy .
The actual plot does n't really matter-there 's a computer doohickey , because when is there not ? - what matters is Hart and Johnson bouncing off each other .
Really is a case of good enough . There 's enough to make for an amusing comedy , but like that disappointed teacher , you know it could have been so much better .
Overall , Central Intelligence is n't 48 Hours ... However , if you enjoy Hart 's stand-up comedy , and his other numerous flicks , then you 'll probably enjoy this one as well .
The line between endearing and over-extended is razor thin .
The leads have chemistry , but there 's only so far they can elevate such obvious material .
If you are suffering from The Brexit Blues , then watching a tiny comic repeatedly clocking a hulking muscle man around the chops could be just what the doctor ordered .
The enormous Dwayne Johnson teams up with the diminutive Kevin Hart for a very funny mismatched-buddy comedy that blends comic action with a strong anti-bullying message .
A delight for the solitary reason that Hart and Johnson make it so .
Who knew Dwayne Johnson was quite this funny ? He 's so hands-down hilarious in Central Intelligence he makes motor-mouth comedian Kevin Hart , his co-star , look like the film 's straight man .
This is a tongue-in-cheek buddy movie that 's above average , but not too far above average .
They make a great couple , as Dwayne Johnson 's bulk cleverly contrasts with Hart 's tightly wound intensity .
Funny as hell , with a sweet message built in , `` Central Intelligence '' is successful in part thanks to its genius casting , which makes Hart the Bud Abbott-like straight man while Johnson grabs the majority of the laughs .
A hardly effective buddy-movie with moderated humor bits , courtesy of Dwayne Johnson 's charisma . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
` Central Intelligence ' is Rock-solid .
Hart and Johnson got me to laugh , their antics just ridiculous enough to keep me entertained .
I laughed hard watching `` Central Intelligence '' and I believe it 's the best movie so far that has been designed around the type of comedy where Kevin Hart belongs
Dwayne Johnson and Kevin Hart give Central Intelligence all the charisma they can , and through their combined sheer force of will , this comedy works .
In the case of Central Intelligence , several things work better than I would have suspected , and as a result , I genuinely enjoyed the movie .
This fun buddy movie is something like a semi-slapstick Midnight Run starring Abbot and Costello .
Central Intelligence is a glaringly flawed affair , but the clichés and lazy set-ups are , to a certain degree , endured thanks to the irresistibly compelling onscreen chemistry of the two leads .
It has a couple of funny moments , but overall it 's predictable and the action sequences are poorly constructed . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Dwayne Johnson is a revelation as a comedian and action hero . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even if it 's somewhat predictable , the star power of Dwayne Johnson and Kevin Hart make this a really enjoyable and entertaining ride . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If there is a story to Central Intelligence , it 's plain the scriptwriters themselves do n't know what it is .
The film has great intentions , but dumb humor and over the top action sequences do n't help its cause . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
At its best Central Intelligence has the fizz and crackle of an old school Hollywood screwball comedy .
What it does have is chemistry between Johnson and Hart , which is the sole and entire reason to see the movie .
Central Intelligence is a film that feels low on ideas .
It 's an entertaining popcorn movie sure to satisfy its target market of younger audiences , done with all the polish that Hollywood money can buy
A great summer movie mainly due to the charm of the main protagonists . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It does n't blaze a trail , and it 's not terrible , but it 's far from memorable .
-LSB- It -RSB- succeeds on its admittedly meagre ambitions because of the productive dynamic between the two leads and a surprisingly honest appreciation of how teenage ups and downs linger into adulthood .
It 's a bit too long , the plot is mechanical and the jokes vary from close to the bone to silly , and some misfire , but it 's good fun and does what it says on the tin .
`` Central Intelligence '' is far from other film analogues like `` Rush Hour '' and even further away from Melissa McCarthy 's `` Spy '' . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Dwayne Johnson proves that he has become a better actor . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Summer blockbusters used to be reliably homophobic but , thanks to Johnson , this one 's approach to love and lust seems genuinely new wave .
It 's not on a par with Thurber 's previous comedy hits but it is consistently amusing and well paced with a good blend of human interest and action .
It 's a plot that does n't hold up under scrutiny , particularly in the scattershot climax , but the gag rate is so high that this does n't matter as much as it should .
The only ` intelligence ' even remotely close to being in Central Intelligence involves your decision not to see the film . That would be the smart thing to do .
Full of potential but light on substance .
Inevitably , the creepiness fades , the charm increases , and the film becomes progressively more bland and predictable as a result .
A fine film to watch if you feel like taking an easy break from the real world .
Of Hart 's many action comedies , Central Intelligence is one of the more enjoyable thanks to this entertaining collaboration and a heartfelt anti-bullying message .
Hart and Johnson 's off-the-scale comic chemistry ensures you 'll spend the entire movie alternating between laughing out loud and grinning like an idiot .
There are significant flaws that likely would have sank other films , but it 's nearly impossible to dislike Central Intelligence simply because Hart and Johnson are so radiant in it .
Central Intelligence is dumb fun of the highest order .
The best thing about Central Intelligence is definitely the chemistry of its two leads .
This is a likable odd-couple action comedy from director and co-writer Rawson Marshall Thurber , who gave us Dodgeball .
Central Intelligence is strange mix of high school revenge story meets action comedy , and works best when the Hart and Johnson show is running in full action mode .
A forgettable comedy whose only good aspect is having The Rock and Kevin Hart in it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If the race were on to find 2016 's best stupid buddy-caper comedy , Central Intelligence just took an early lead .
The thin , disjointed thriller plot is little more than an excuse to show the characters reacting in opposed ways : Bob typically cruising through life-or-death situations , while Calvin freaks out .
The arrival of Central Intelligence , a buddy action comedy that actually works , ranks as cause for mild and mirthful celebration .
A sub-standard comedy that lacks any real smarts .
The film is easy-going and often very funny - and when it 's not funny , at least it 's not irritating or stupid . -LRB- It 's amazing how many comedies screw that part up . -RRB-
A silly and endearing buddy film with a waning plot .
The window-smashing and car-crashing offer some giddy surprises , but the ridiculous yet bland gunplay is as generic as the setup .
Fun references and welcome cameos add to the appeal of a film that 's much more successful in its stupidity than when it strives to be smart .
... everything that the perfect bromance flick should be , starting with the improbable but undeniable chemistry between stars Kevin Hart and Dwayne Johnson
Thanks to its stars , it does n't need to have a good story or a particularly good script to be entertaining . Which is fortunate , because this by no means is a good piece of filmmaking .
Does n't have much going for it beyond its leading men , the leading men just might be worth the price of admission .
Who 'd ever have guessed ? Dwayne Johnson is The Scorpion King of Comedy !
Fun , good-natured and slightly unhinged , the action comedy Central Intelligence is very dependant on the great chemistry between Kevin Hart and Dwayne Johnson .
The script by Ike Barinholtz , David Stassen and director Rawson Marshall Thurber is a good one , with good laughs , a clever plot and some perceptive touches about teenage insecurities that never quite go away .
The relentlessness here is daunting , its returns diminishing .
No one can steal the show from Johnson and Hart . Their dual rhythms , alternately laid back and hyperactive , end up in a glorious and ridiculous kind of syncopation , unicornlike in its rarity and oddness .
Dwayne Johnson steals the show in this solid comedy , which lets The Rock show off a side of him we have n't seen before .
The plot and intrigue at the center of Central Intelligence are flimsy enough to render the whole story insignificant .
What does this one have going for it ? In short : a pair of genuinely likable stars who employ a fair amount of charm to try and keep things less than predictable .
Its funniest -LSB- element -RSB- is the framing issues caused by the height disparity between its stars .
With its canned , predictable action sequences and mirthless attempts at humor , it displays an ineptitude that is frankly shocking considering the talent involved .
It would be fine if this was a straightforward action comedy starring two of filmdom 's biggest properties , Dwayne Johnson and Kevin Hart . But someone got the idea that this story needed a message of overcoming childhood trauma .
The movie has a heart as big as its Johnson .
It pairs two very funny men , who should be hilarious together , but they 're not . Among many other failures , the chemistry is n't there -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
`` Central Intelligence '' is fun while it lasts , with some big laughs and warm goofiness ... Plus , Dwayne Johnson 's behemoth biceps alone are worth the price of admission .
An action comedy without any action or comedy - not even The Rock 's charisma and enthusiasm can save this dud .
... a buddy comedy done right . For a change , there was some intelligence on both sides of the camera .
This is a dumbed down formulaic comedy that is not deserving of the talent possessed by the two leads .
The artist formerly known as The Rock has long since proven that he has more natural acting chops than any other former muscleman-turned-thespian -LRB- sorry , Arnie -RRB- , and he 's absolutely riotous here .
This caper capitalizes on the chemistry and genuine camaraderie between Hart and Johnson , even though the espionage plot is sloppy .
... the movie increasingly resembles any number of similarly-themed buddy comedies have emerged over the last several years -LRB- including , of course , Hart 's own Ride Along series -RRB- .
The guy who once ` acted ' by raising a single eyebrow can now steal scenes from Kevin Hart .
... a mix of buddy comedy , revenge fantasy , and espionage thriller that never fully commits to any of them .
There 's something discouraging about a movie that features two very funny performers giving it their all but being let down by the material .
Watch how Hart and Johnson complete each other 's performance , one generously toning down so his less comically experienced teammate loosens up .
Sure , it 's junk . But it 's high-spirited , good-natured junk , and its heart is in the right place .
The film has a firm grasp of Johnson 's appeal as a leading man : He is Hollywood 's most imposing ray of sunshine .
a nice slice of escapist entertainment for the summer
Is Central Intelligence a classic ? No . Is it a passable summer movie ? Sure . Will there be future pairings of Kevin Hart and Dwayne Johnson ? Do n't bet against it .
I laughed consistently . It 's a comedy ; that 's what you want .
Central Intelligence wo n't blow you out of the theater , but you might be surprised at how well it works - how genuinely funny it is - given the familiarity of this concept .
Kevin Hart and Dwayne Johnson 's comedic chemistry save Central Intelligence from being a passable , yet forgettable , mainstream action/comedy .
This has a pretty good laugh quotient as far as big-budget action comedies go .
Two hours of pure , wonderfully silly entertainment .
Johnson proves his comic chops are as strong as his ab crunches , and his chemistry with Hart is as explosive as the inevitable pyrotechnics .
It will make you laugh but leave you wishing the whole package was a little better .
Johnson 's never more engaging than when he 's undermining his macho image with giddy enthusiasm -LRB- see Be Cool and Pain & Gain -RRB- , cheerfully rolling over Hart 's bewildered terror in scene after scene .
If you 're a fan of either Hart or Johnson 's usual movie shtick , Central Intelligence is just about fun enough to recommend .
Not a lot of intelligence - central or otherwise - but you 'll laugh a lot anyway .
Action-comedy is charming but predictable ; some violence .
Wild unorthodox teaming of a frenetic Kevin Hart running headlong into one substantial Rock , aka Dwayne Johnson .
Johnson completely commits to his role , infusing his character with such sweetness and sincerity .
The dynamic comic -LRB- Kevin Hart -RRB- is solidly outshone by the wrestler turned movie star -LRB- Dwayne Johnson -RRB- .
A mostly dumb but often weirdly sweet action comedy about bullies , high-school friendships and grown men who still love John Hughes movies . Oh , and who happen to be spies .
If it was n't for The Rock and Kevin Hart , this movie would be arrested for impersonating a comedy .
A buddy comedy that 's pleasant enough without ever reaching the full comic heights that Johnson 's casting implicitly promises .
Johnson brings the funny . Underneath all that muscle , a comedy star is wrestling to get out , and he 's finally emerged .
Central Intelligence is actually funny .
Even if the material 's not always up to the title 's ironic reference to wit , the cast and their director carry the day with a good stock of laughs .
The early parts of the film -- before the main storyline kicks in -- work surprisingly well from a sheer entertainment factor , with plenty of laughs to be had . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Nudity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
It 's a movie based on the sight gag of pairing man mountain former WWE star Dwayne `` The Rock '' Johnson with pocket-sized pepperpot comic Kevin Hart .
`` Central Intelligence '' puts this unlikely pair together and the result is comedy gold that totally flips the typical Hart formula .
Johnson , Hart Generate Vital Chemistry in `` Intelligence . ''
It commits to its silliness but , following Johnson 's lead , it takes its characters , silliness and all , seriously .
`` Central Intelligence '' is one of those slick , gunplay-riddled , stupidly plotted , aggressively loud buddy movies - so formulaic and dumb , even if you see it you 'll probably forget you 've seen it by the end of the year .
I like Central Intelligence , even when it is being stupid .
Central Intelligence is a big cartoon caper that is a heck of a lot of fun , and for fans of the buddy picture genre , Dwayne Johnson or Kevin Hart , or any combination of the above , it will likely hit most of the right notes .
It 's the kind of movie where dumb fun would be totally acceptable , but in an ironic twist , the fact that it 's overthought is its ultimate undoing .
An odd-couple caper of staggering dopeyness that makes you long for the snap and sizzle of the buddy movies of the 1980s , `` Central Intelligence '' is a clean-out-the-fridge soup of celebrity cameos and C.I.A. confusion .
`` Central Intelligence '' is dumb in all the right ways , and also a bit smarter than you might expect .
Dwayne Johnson has been waiting for a movie that would allow him to showcase the full breadth of his talents . Central Intelligence is not that movie . But it 's a step in the right direction .
the plot keeps getting in the way of the humor
But it 's also a low-concept comedy , and that concept can be summed up as , ` Eh , let Kevin Hart and The Rock do whatever . '
What Central Intelligence lacks in depth or inventiveness , it makes up for in personality , steaming along on the robust comic rapport between Johnson and Hart .
You go along for the ride because Kevin Hart and Dwayne Johnson promise something they ca n't deliver : a movie as funny as they are .
Even when the jokes fall flat , even when they 're discussing ridiculous plot points , having Hart and Johnson on screen together offers a sort of magic that nearly erases the problems . Nearly .
The hows and whys of the quest at hand are n't exactly important , as Central Intelligence is far more concerned with squeezing its leading men together-often literally-and kicking back to enjoy the juice , and that 's a wise move .
Hart and Johnson make a terrific team , though it 's the latter who really shines in this action-comedy .
Painless , strained , occasionally amusing , and utterly disposable - just another studio buddy comedy/action movie that forgot where it put the script .
It 's certainly Johnson 's all-time funniest performance . But it offers the same old Hart , who mugs throughout the movie , even when he 's theoretically playing the straight man .
Yes , the appealing mismatched megastars earn their paychecks with game performances . But other than an occasional zinger hitting the mark , laughs are in short supply .
Hart and Johnson both have a real gift for effortlessly grooving with other performers , so giving them a stage to groove on naturally lends itself to easy viewing .
Central Intelligence , a buddy action-comedy starring Kevin Hart and Dwayne `` The Rock '' Johnson , does n't pack many big laughs , but it is likely to keep a smile on your face for the duration .
The story is completely ridiculous , but it works because everyone is in on the joke , committed to making us laugh so hard that our brains do n't notice .
Fast-paced spy caper with mismatched partners Dwayne Johnson and Kevin Hart is an easygoing crowd pleaser .
If you are looking for a harmless action comedy , you could do worse than this . Just do n't expect anything other than a few random laughs thanks to inspired casting .
We 're here for the Johnson and Hart show , and they deliver .
Johnson and Hart actually do have potential as a comic duo - better than Ice Cube and Hart in the already stale Ride Along franchise - but Central Intelligence is n't smart enough to make the most of their pairing .
The main reason the movie works is the chemistry between Johnson and Hart . They are like Bud Abbott and Lou Costello on steroids .
The big payoff of Central Intelligence lies in the comic chemistry between Hart and Johnson .
Central Intelligence finds a way to waste two of the hottest actors in Hollywood right now , to an unfunny , inexcusable degree .
Too bad whoever directed the promising trailer probably did n't direct the movie .
`` Central Intelligence '' wo n't win any points for originality , but that does n't make it any less funny .
Johnson and Hart are performers of trustworthy charisma , but their personal appeal hits its limits when they are recruited to perform in a film that is hard to sit through .
It 's a trip we 've been on before . Johnson and Hart make the journey a little more pleasant than it could have been .
The eventual resolution is entirely too neat 'n tidy in light of the -LRB- sometimes funny -RRB- crazy that precedes it : what began as a dark comedy finishes as a cheerful action drama .
Rawston Marshall Thurber 's tepid buddy comedy is stuck between The Rock and a Hart place .
Needlessly complicated and ultimately too low on laughs .
Central Intelligence is a throwaway film that in all the worst ways give summer movies a bad name : told by idiots , full of sound and fury , and signifying nothing but first-weekend grosses .
Thurber is n't built for big , violent set pieces , but the jokes keep coming in the film , showing a little more interest in entertaining ticket-buyers than expected .
A much better comedy than it is an action movie .
They may not be anywhere near the same size , but these two very funny actors are in perfect alignment for this hilarious spy-spoof assignment .
The dialogue reads like it was written by horny tweens who are really , really into toilet humor . It also falls prey to the age-old movie cliché that the most highly skilled soldiers in the world happen to all be lousy shots .
Dwayne Johnson and Kevin Hart are terrific together , and the well-written potboiler does n't let them down .
While it fails to deliver convincing action and its comedy feels watered down , Central Intelligence does get the `` buddy '' aspect correct .
By no means a great buddy action-comedy-it 's far too silly and derivative for that . But in a dumb , likable way it offers some smiles and even a few genuine laughs ... providing one of the best vehicles yet for both of its stars .
Hart and Johnson are a classic comedy duo in the tradition of Abbott & Costello , Bob Hope & Bing Crosby and Gene Wilder & Richard Pryor .
Dwayne Johnson is completely committed and some jokes really land , but most of it is sadly uninspired .
... the movie works because of Johnson 's childlike , huggable lug of a CIA agent , Thurber 's action choreography and lots of bananas .
A shambolic high-concept farce that doubles as a cautionary tale of where studio comedies go wrong .
These are gifted men working in immensely broad strokes , mugging for the cheap seats , giving those of us willing to let our guard down for two hours a much-needed opportunity to let off some steam .
It delivers - on some basic , giddy , turn-off-your-frontal-lobes level . It 's an action-comedy utensil , like `` Rush Hour '' crossed with an old Arnold Schwarzenegger shoot - 'em - up , with a few goofy added sprinkles of `` Romy and Michele 's High School Reunion . ''
It capitalizes on the chemistry between Hart and Johnson , who convey what seems like genuine delight in each other 's company - something that gives this bromantic diversion a giddy kick .
The blend of Johnson 's laid-back hero-dudeness and Hart 's whippet-fast comic timing should have been good fun . But somebody , alas , had an idea , though not a good one : Make Johnson the comedian and Hart the straight man .
There 's literally nothing unloveable about Johnson 's performance - think peak-form John Candy trapped in the body of , well , The Rock .
The character work is stronger than the inconsistent jokes and especially the lackluster action sequences .
While the plot of Central Intelligence may not be anything new , it plays great because Johnson and Hart are great together .
Dwayne Johnson turns Kevin Hart into his straight man
It 's a pity that no one else involved in the making of the film had Dwayne Johnson 's sly intuition .
entral Intelligence is genuinely funny , intriguingly plotted , and quite frankly one of the biggest surprises of the year .

@highlight

Kevin Hart and Dwayne Johnson make for well-matched comic foils , helping Central Intelligence overcome a script that coasts on their considerable chemistry .