With such a decent cast , the film does have its comic moments but the material seems stretched , the budget limited and the end result quickly forgettable .
Keeping Up with the Joneses is not a good movie-it 's dumb , boring , and predictable-but it 's stacked with an excellent cast , dozens of chuckles , and a handful of legitimately brilliant LOLs .
Instantly forgettable .
Viewers who ca n't get enough of Galifianakis or Hamm will enjoy seeing the two spar onscreen , delivering in spades the unexpected phrasing and smoldering smirks each actor does so well .
Despite being directed by Gregg Mottola -LRB- Superbad , Paul -RRB- , the comic scenes play out with often banal interplay that barely has a whiff of improvised mayhem , while the action sequences are essentially generic .
Without a fresh approach , the film settles for product placement and the pedestrian , perhaps under the delusion that pedestrian is an equivalent for tried and true . It is n't .
It 's the `` see what sticks '' type of mainstream movie-making , predicated upon little more than throwing obvious elements together .
The only redeemable thing about this film , is the performance of its cast . However , the material simply is n't worthy of their efforts . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The jokes and situations are toothless , gumming on the same old comedy gruel you 've seen before .
Watching Fisher losing her composure is funny , but the material does no favors for Galifianakis .
... everything in Keeping Up With the Joneses is pretty , but that 's just about all it is .
Relentlessly bland and devoid of laughs ...
Love they neighbor , not the Joneses .
Godawful script .
The movie is yet another James Bond spoof , no more imaginative than it needs to be . Yet the familiar ingredients are very nicely balanced .
Do n't go expecting the premise to be in the same taut vein of The Bourne Identity . This is solely for escapism .
As a spoof or spy movie , you have to say this about Keeping up with the Joneses -- it sure ca n't keep up with those Smiths .
All four leads never really click , but man , do they clunk whenever the script goes from apologetically average to aggressively so .
There has n't been a spy couple this perfect since , well , Mr and Mrs Smith . Don Draper and Wonder Woman are well cast as the Joneses , two ultra-sophisticated , impossibly gorgeous , happily-married undercover operatives .
The laughs are hit-or-miss , occasionally buoyed by Galifianakis ' random absurdity or a surprising sight gag but otherwise unremarkable .
Unoriginal as it is , part of you does envision a use for ... The Joneses as fodder for days when the brain needs 100 minutes or so offline .
Woody Allen said of true comedy : If it bends , it 's funny . This movie snaps like a twig .
Take True Lies and Mr. & Mrs. Smith . Remove wit , sexy charm , and satire on marriage . This is a recipe for a movie anyone wants to see ?
The script sets up the action part of the movie with an interminably laborious and close-fitting literalness that hardly lets any of the actors breathe .
The cast is talented and the concept has potential , but Keeping Up with the Joneses chooses the painfully unamusing , preposterously ludicrous , and tragically annoying route and it 's a more devastating and torturous experience because of it .
`` Keeping Up with the Joneses '' is a fun , silly comedy with few pretensions and an extremely likeable cast .
Draws the characters very broadly , does n't contain nearly enough good jokes and drags out a thin and predictable espionage plot .
The treatment for this action spoof could have been written on the back of a matchbox - of a single match , even .
Short of laughs with little to recommend it beyond its likeable cast , this contrived and predictable action comedy begs for a sharper , wittier script and a lot more chutzpah . It 's a bit like Mr & Mrs Smith meets Spy in the suburbs , but
A picture graced with four bright performances but hampered by a plot that felt recycled even back when Millard Fillmore was president .
Structured with the kind of obviousness that makes you outwit the screenwriter and then hate movies in general , Greg Mottola 's painfully generic suburban spy comedy wastes everybody 's time , onscreen and off .
This wannabe satirical action/spy caper goes nowhere at a tedious pace - do n't bother ...
`` Keeping Up With The Joneses '' is n't outrageously hysterical , but not many comedies are .
The funniest thing about this star-studded comedy are the billboards promoting it .
Simply can not keep up with the comedies it so clearly tries to imitate .
The cast 's commitment to the zaniness of Keeping Up With the Joneses makes the story of suburban spycraft more enjoyable than you would initially expect .
A turgid , lifeless comedy in which jokes about defecation and even torture are supposed to amuse the viewer .
You ca n't beat a good action comedy , but Keeping Up With The Joneses fails to bring the laughter and is just about passable on the adrenaline front .
Even by mainstream studio comedy standards , Keeping Up with the Joneses is poor . It plays like it was conceived in a Hollywood pitch meeting and has zero connection to human reality .
Tries to keep up with the cinema 's best action-comedies , but it ends up failing in that quest . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content , Violence , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Despite a fun premise , Keeping Up with the Joneses is a mildly entertaining comedy that 's very generic .
... tries so hard to perpetuate its sitcom-style mayhem that it forgets about basic narrative coherence and comedic timing . The result might make moviegoers just want to pack up and move .
Calling this movie `` half-baked '' gives it too much credit -- it is none baked , completely raw and run-through with salmonella .
A middling movie .
Fresh , funny action comedy has some violence , racy bits .
Scoring laughs with this group should be like shooting fish in a barrel , but instead it 's shooting nothing but blanks .
The result is a fun and manic film that - while definitely earning its PG-13 rating -- fills that rare contemporary void between comedies that are aimed at little kids and those that are stuffed with raunchy R-rated content .
A wildly inconsequential action-comedy that contains a couple of genuine laughs but which otherwise feels like an extended version of its own television ads .
Keeping Up With the Joneses is as blandly generic as its title , a comedy that telegraphs every beat with a one-sentence description of the premise and continues the cinematic squandering of Zach Galifianakis since The Hangover .
Watchable but no more than that .
Galifianakis is one of the funniest people on the planet . To put him in a movie and have him recite unfunny lines is like driving a Porsche in the slow lane and never shifting out of first gear .
As usual with action comedies , the presence of one genre dilutes the other .
How could a movie packed with so much talent go so awry ?
Keeping Up with the Joneses clicks because it does n't treat its suburban heroes like dimwits . How ... refreshing .
Michael LeSieur 's screenplay does n't do anyone any favors , filled as it is with cliches that got old in the '90s , but Hamm can make any dialogue dryly funny . Maybe he should be the new James Bond .
As long as there 's suburbia , there will always be movies about near-middle-aged couples reckoning with their dull lives .
This story of the spies next door is wooden and slow-paced with enough intrigue to lull a toddler to sleep .
Galifianakis and Hamm are better than the material here , but they do what good actors in okay movies are supposed to do , they make it rise to them .
There 's a hapless kind of charm to it , I guess . It 's a harmless comedy , it will make a good Sunday night flick on a commercial TV station at some point .
Looks pretty much like every other comedy spy movie and in its own way is kinda keeping up with the Joneses .
Kind of fun , though the material is n't always up to its calibre of cast .
A silly comedy-thriller that is amiable enough , but with a rather higher body count than laugh quotient .
The action-comedy Keeping Up With the Joneses takes a solid premise and fritters it away by giving too much attention to star Zach Galifianakis .
Keeping Up With The Joneses is a misconceived comedy-thriller that ca n't work out whether it 's spoofing spy movies or making fun of suburbia .
Keeping Up With The Joneses has one or two cool moments , but ends up being a flavorless , unfunny and disposable comedy . A great cast is wasted and the action disappoints . One of the weakest comedies of the year . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A paint-by-numbers , creatively bankrupt `` comedy '' emerging from a studio system that has largely forgotten what it means to be genuinely funny .
The leads huff and puff accordingly , but Michael LeSieur 's dull-edged script squanders their timing , more concerned with reducing the actresses to their lingerie than with raising anything other than the occasional snicker .
The kind of PG-13 studio comedy where a lot of people trip while swinging their elbows wide so they can knock down furniture as they fall .
-LSB- T -RSB- he entire thing -LSB- is -RSB- almost saved by a quartet of performances that are much better than the material they serve .
One way to end the scourge of `` TV is better than film '' articles is to stop making movies like `` Keeping Up With the Joneses , '' a pedestrian comedy that almost seems intended as evidence for the cause .
Moronic set-ups sap the fun factor ... yet , Keeping Up with the Joneses still functions because it delivers something we continue to crave on the carousel , where the Kardashians and Joneses of the world will always be on the horse ahead of ours .
its straightforward charm works just fine
Keeping Up With the Joneses is , like many before it , just about OK -- but it mostly goes down as another case of funny people stuck in narrowly clichéd roles and an overly familiar story .
`` Joneses '' never really upends its initial premise , which is that impossibly good-looking people are cooler than the rest of us . That 's not comedy , that 's Us Weekly .
A low-key , good-natured comedy that never quite explodes the way it should .
It is the sort of inoffensive comedy that fails to evoke any strong reaction - including laughter .
The staleness of the premise begins to overtake players as easy and confident as Hamm and Galifianakis .
`` Keeping Up With the Joneses '' collapses in on itself .
It conjures up the scent of rancid products from a mediocre sausage factory . Or Adam Sandler 's production company .
Date-night fare for people who do n't decide what movie they 're going to see before they go to the theater ...
`` Keeping Up With the Joneses '' is hardly worth the effort .
Michael LeSieur 's run of the mill screenplay has about as many laughs as a second tier sitcom .
There 's something not quite right ; this one needed more time in the oven .
There 's too much talent involved in Keeping Up With The Joneses for it not to be considered a disappointment .
`` Keeping Up with the Joneses '' sometimes clicks thanks to the commitment brought by the cast , but it 's too often shackled with a tired plot to really make the most of its potential .
It 's the kind of movie that could be stomached if you were stuck at home on a rainy Sunday afternoon and you saw it on special for 99 cents on iTunes . But it 's definitely not worth the price of entry at the cinema .
What could 've been a clever or innovative spy caper instead feels about as exciting as a subdivision barbecue : not a bad time , per se , but would n't you rather be hanging out with James Bond ?
Keeping Up With The Joneses is smarter and funnier than it needs to be for a studio action-comedy . That 's something , these days .
The Joneses , blessedly , draws down the scope and extends each scene for lovingly etched performances to flesh out the creeping unease of marital doldrums and workplace anomie .
If you want to see Galifianakis and Hamm trade sharp comic riffs , go to YouTube and check out Galifianakis ' faux talk show Between Two Ferns , where he interviews and makes sport of the former Mad Men star .
It 's meant to be thrilling fun , but it never takes off in the way imagined . There 's no merriment in the .357-caliber chaos , no mirth in the staccato of bullets .
There are n't any real jokes in the picture , just pratfalls and tedious encounters with improvisation .
Harmlessly funny , albeit immediately forgettable .
A merely genial comedy that aims for baseline competence , and no higher .
The cast hardly stretches ... but they all do it agreeably enough to buoy the familiar farcical intrigue being woven by director Greg Mottola .
An unfortunate misfire that has the odd moment of charm and the odder chuckle , but otherwise is n't worth keeping up with .
The actors are barely going through the motions , the screenplay is sloppily constructed , and the direction from the usually reliable Mottola is listless .
The film is just ... bad . There 's no other way to put it .
Desperate for a good laugh ? This , unfortunately , is n't it .
I 'm sure I was supposed to laugh at some point .
The definition of an `` average studio comedy . ''
Only in a well-populated movie theater can one truly appreciate the sound of silence when Gadot 's character boasts she could crack a walnut with her vagina . And that , my friends , is the funniest joke in the picture .
I liked the last fifty minutes enough to forgive the first fifty minutes .
Even those of us with a soft spot for dumb , high-concept Hollywood comedies might be outraged by the limp , unfunny nothingburger that is Keeping Up with the Joneses .
Keeping Up with the Joneses sustains a breezy pace and delivers a passable amount of action and humour , even if it never quite lives up to its full potential .
Earth to movie executives : This is not what Jon Hamm should be doing !
The film often feels flat when it should be light-footed .
Greg Mottola has made some fine contributions to big-screen comedy - including sweet-and-salty teen flicks Adventureland and Superbad - but his new film , Keeping Up With the Joneses , is decidedly not one of them .
Keeping Up With The Jonses is n't exactly the neighbor from hell , but it certainly is n't worth a welcoming party .
This black hole of a film is a waste of this talented crew 's time , yes , but it 's also a waste of the audience 's , offering no laughs , no ideas , no fresh perspectives , nothing .
In this laugh-free turkey , one couple 's humdrum suburban life gets a turbocharge when an exciting new couple moves into their cul-de-sac .
By the time the film limps toward its Marrakech-set epilogue , its experiment in social osmosis is as much a failure as its B-sitcom-grade yuks .

@highlight

Keeping Up with the Joneses squanders a decent premise -- and a talented cast full of funny people -- on a witless and largely laugh-free suburban spy adventure .