For the love of pig
... has the most cartoonish performance of Jake Gyllenhaal 's career as a Steve Irwin-like nature expert who gets co-opted by the meat lobby .
... once the story moves to America , and Jake Gyllenhaal somehow becomes Jar Jar Binks the Second , its on-the-nose jabs at big business and factory farming feel hysterical rather than earned .
In short , this is a film that wants to be an ecologist , anti-capitalist , but whose effectiveness is weakened by its own terms . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Okja '' has a clear political agenda in mind , but its polemics do n't get in the way of how wildly , strangely enjoyable it is .
Rather less clever than its director , forever undercutting his satire with a wink , thinks it is .
Okja pushes Bong Joon Ho 's talent for spanning moods and genre conventions to its limit . The movie features his trademark sharp shifts in tone , but also melds Western imagery , music and cultural touchstones .
There 's heart and there 's adventure . It 's one of the must-see movies of 2017 , and for Netflix that might just be the best news of all .
Meanwhile , we as an audience are left with the flat , stinging sensation of hitting a wall . But if any feeling could so aptly reflect love in the time of capitalism , then it is this : to willingly hit a wall until an eventual point of demolition .
These are broad , screen-chewing performances , but the two real stars are 13-year-old Seo-Hyun Ahn as Mija and Okja the super pig with bottomless brown eyes .
A towering accomplishment that could potentially change people 's outlooks on flesh consumption
`` Okja '' is an effective piece of filmic political satire that can now only be viewed in the context of the pressures mounted against it . As is life , it 's good to know who your enemies are .
... a playful and fast-paced adventure that makes its environmentalist message and stance against animal abuse in the food industry clear . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With Okja , Netflix has to put to bed any silly argument over big screen vs. small screen , because the simple fact is this movie would be a stunning masterpiece no matter what sized screen you watched it on .
Though it is a vast improvement on his socially conscious / woke storytelling as of late , Okja is just okay , falling prey to an incredibly weak third act .
Pitch-black satire , heartwarming devotion , over-the-top performance , and subtle drama are engineered into something decidedly -LRB- if improbably -RRB- delicious .
The dazzling cinematography of Darius Khondji often follows the girl from an aerial or top shot , looking down on her daunting quest against the elements and later , civilization .
It 's another of the director 's weirdly provocative one-of-kind messy films that show how the real monsters on this planet might be the humans and not the animals .
The film switches back and forth between E.T 's whimsy and Snowpiercer 's bouncily colored , nastily rendered , pop violence . That 's all fine , it 's an ambitious attempt on Bong 's part , and watching the mess unfold is all part of the fun .
On the surface of it , this dramatic sci-fi comedy seems to be just another anti-technological , anti-business romp , but it 's mainly a story about a young farmer girl and her love for a pig , sort of a cross between ` Babe ' and ` Soylent Green . '
It culminates in a harrowing , emotional finale that might make you feel guilty about eating meat for a while .
Taken as a whole , however , one feels that something exciting is being done in the throwing together of these disparate elements , something exciting that only Netflix would take a punt on -LSB- director -RSB- Bong attempting .
The kind of film whose failures are solely the result of too much ambition , and whose successes are magical .
Fat with thematic intentions , Bong 's movie never quite scores a bullseye .
Okja 's a lot of things-a satire , a drama , a horror movie-but the total experience is one that both riffs on and examines the complexities of love , friendship , and the challenges of trying to live an ethical life .
The movie is enjoyable , but part of me wishes it had really gone there - I mean , why not ?
Okja is a chaotic but dazzling mash-up of genres , styles and moods from the electrifying director Bong Joon-ho .
The film makes us sympathize with the animal victims that we consume daily without making it look like a Change.org request . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Joon-Ho Bong knows exactly what character should be genuine and which should come off as a complete caricature .
I 'm happy to say that one of the summer 's CGI inventions remains astonishing , and lovable , from first to last : the giant pet pig that is the title character of Bong Joon-ho 's Okja .
One of the most powerful films of recent years and it will easily remain in the collective consciousness for a long time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Okja is biting with tenderness and edginess .
My Neighbor Totoro goes to the slaughterhouse ...
Much of Okja is sheer visual poetry , the kind you 'll see in Hayao Miyazaki 's Princess Mononoke or Spirited Away but with less dreaminess and much more urgency .
It needs to be on your list of do-not-miss films .
It 's a rollicking action movie framed inside an intelligent corporate satire .
The general playful tone ... helps a great deal , and the cinematography and editing are appealingly glossy and smooth throughout .
For all its messy tonal whiplash , Okja is an entertaining and occasionally thoughtful adventure tale that will hopefully find an audience on Netflix , if not the theaters .
Extreme peril , swearing in violent eco-fable .
the way Bong draws it all together is almost alchemic ; it should n't work , but somehow it does
A fairly colossal disappointment and misfire from Joon-ho Bong ...
The film has a snappy , witty tone that propels us into the story , with moments of satirical comedy , earthy humour and some exhilarating , inventively staged action .
It 's an intriguing and entertaining movie , certainly , but also one where a little more focus could have made it so much better .
It may not end up being my favorite film of the year , but I can easily see it being someone 's favorite-hell , I can see it being someone 's favorite film of all time . It 's that special .
Though strangely delightful gives way to downright disturbing as the movie wears on , there is no way you can resist or forget the wilful , winning weirdness of it all .
It functions as a ` dystopian ' warning that manages to dodge the dangerous rise of the transgenic food industry and everything around it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A frustrating film : it 's not entirely flawed , but it 's annoying to see how the best moments are worn out very fast . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that goes from the naive to the exciting and the terrible with an impressive facility . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A brilliant war of ideologies over the life of a superpig .
There is a lot going on in this film , in terms of plot , themes and tone , and director Joon-Ho Bong shows himself to be a master at holding it all together coherently .
Outrageous as the ` Okja ' plot may seem , it deals with important issues and makes us think -- not simply enjoy . It ends up being a movie that matters .
What makes the jumble cohere , as usual with Bong , is his extraordinary grasp of space and speed , especially in the Korean half of the film .
Audacious , socially-conscious allegorical fable ...
It 's everything you want a movie to be : smart , daring , lavish and packed with surprises . It 's funny , scrumptious in look and design , and best of all , it 's about something .
It 's a riot of shifting tones , bouncing from adorable girl-and-her-pet comedy to rescue action thriller to over-the-top satire ...
The first half is weird and tough ; until you realised you have to read the film like a fable ; it 's like a live-action version of Spirited Away where a tough , innocent child goes on a wondrous , painful journey .
When the stuff we 're watching in the theatre is mostly dross , and we 're sharing not others ' pleasure but their disappointment , is n't it nice to have something decent to watch at home , possibly with someone you at least sometimes like ? Yes it is .
While the eco-parable Okja has some good and some not-so-good qualities , it suffers from a fatal flaw that goes to its very core .
The best parts of the movie are also the least wacky .
Bong Joon-ho guarantees Okja is not your typical girl-and-her-giant-hippo-like-pig story . Of course , it 's the kind of movie that only Bong Joon-ho would conceptualize , so distinct is his storytelling , in voice and vision .
It 's a sublime tale of the value of humanity , and the horrors we often have to suffer through to hold on to that .
It is the many ravishing depictions of Okja 's life with Mija -- the beauty the film finds in even so large and ungainly a creature -- that make Okja such a transfixing experience .
Offers more high-energy genre subversion from South Korean writer-director Bong Joon Ho , who this time uses a Spielberg-ian children 's fantasy template to bluntly satirize issues related to animal rights , environmental destruction and corporate greed .
Bong wants us to get worked up ... but Okja 's plot itself is modified for people who do n't know they 're watching propaganda so long as it pushes their buttons and makes them feel virtuous .
A rollicking tale about animal rights , interspecies love , and corporate greed .
For all of the chaos that Okja eventually steers into , its best face is as a simple story of a child on the cusp of young womanhood , trying to save her best friend .
The fact that it exists at all , in what is so clearly a form unsullied by executive hands , is a victory . That it 's brilliant is a nice bonus .
Hijinks and high-speed chases give way to horror and Holocaust imagery as we see the conditions in which Okja 's factory-farmed brethren live .
A strange cross between a Lassie film and a radical , campaigning documentary .
A bold but uneven cocktail of Gilliam-esque dystopian satire and the sort of girl-befriends-mythical-beast parable that could have been visualised by Studio Ghibli ...
It 's one of Netflix 's best original films .
It 's a testament to Bong 's sprawling ambition that Okja manages to be so many things at once -- a caustic satire of corporate evil , an intercontinental action/adventure epic , a coming-of-age narrative for the girl .
Admittedly , not the most obvious format for a feel-good family style movie , but it really works .
A gleefully anarchic piece of mainstream filmmaking . Like a politically radicalised Spielberg , Bong tugs at the heartstrings while punching you in the gut .
The first great Netflix film . It 's also gloriously original , bitingly hilarious , sweepingly sweet , and so startlingly powerful it will make even the most devout carnivore consider going veggie .
Okja is a film that is so strange in so many different ways that to call it bewildering would be seriously underselling the oddness on display .
The film shares Bong 's casual ping-ponging of tones , his fascination with picking at society 's many scabs , and the way his films frequently skid into violence and cruelty without warning .
A strange , well-intentioned but heavy-handed girl-and-her-animal story that merely demonstrates Netflix still has a lot to learn about the movie business .
Okja moves seamlessly between fairy tale , action caper and crime drama .
Chilling , subversive ...
It will be a forgiving audience indeed that does n't recoil from this approach , which is too much stick and not enough carrot .
Okja is an uneven but never complacent mix of fantastic fairy tale ; social satire ; heavy-handed commentary on corporate greed and our consumer-crazed culture , and bizarro action film .
To me the idea that it will be largely confined to people 's living rooms seems absurd .
Okja has its fair share of pacing and tonal issues , but is otherwise so technically well-crafted and entertaining throughout that it 's still one of this season 's most worthwhile endeavors .
Some scenes carry the innocent charm of a Disney film . Others have a dark intensity that might trouble the most seasoned viewers . This is n't just a challenge to conventional marketing but an affront -- and all the better for it .
This is an anti-meat industry polemic , with serious tonal issues .
For someone whose films are bursting with outrageous computer imagery , and whose sensibility could be characterized as hyperviolent satiric pulp , Korean director Bong Joon-ho sure is a gung-ho Captain Planet .
One of Okja 's great charms lies in its director 's ability to vary tone , pacing , and style between scenes without losing the viewer 's patience and sympathy .
Bong Joon-ho 's all-star eco-fable of a girl and her giant pig Is wacky , weird and wonderful . It 's also part kiddie treat and part horrorshow , but hang on-it 's worth it .
No one , but no one , makes movies like Bong , a South Korean master who combines baroque concepts , epic visuals , international casts , and a sense of humor that can make you laugh out loud in the middle of the darkest doings .
An estimable film with peculiar characters that manage to catch our attention well beyond the abundance of peculiar faces . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A thought-provoking and thoroughly entertaining movie .
A work of melancholy enchantment , by turns sweet , raucously funny , scary and sad , and -- in the manner of all good science fiction movies -- thought-provoking .
Okja demonstrates that there is no subject Bong Joon-ho can not make compelling , thrilling and moving .
As in Snowpiercer and The Host , Bong presents a dangerous world where people at all stages on the moral spectrum just have to do their best to survive . There are no easy victories or pat solutions .
In short , Okja is a wrong-footing mash-up that delivers a sharp jolt to the meat-eater 's conscience .
Okja unfolds like a fable about a child and their nonhuman pal that 's been warped into something bleak and outrageous -- E.T. by way of Upton Sinclair 's The Jungle .
With his latest work , Bong has created a heroine for our times , an indelible movie creature , a story that balances heart and head and a movie that engages with the boundaries of technology both on-screen and off .
Because of Bong 's technical wizardry and fondness for his characters , the titular creature 's convincing CGI , and the go-for-broke cast , Okja 's slapdash scrappiness routinely works .
Hopefully people will give it a shot , because it 's one of Netflix 's best releases . More than that , Bong Joon-ho is a filmmaker more people need to know about , regardless of how they come across his work .
The bucolic existence of a girl and her pig in a verdant and bountiful land , beautifully filmed by South Korean writer-director Bong Joon Ho , feels like a fairy tale . Yet its shifting tone -- from drama to comedy to thriller -- is jarring .
It 's a sweet coming-of-age story , a wonky 21st century iteration of E.T. , and another thrilling opportunity for Tilda Swinton to be weird as hell . But whatever else it is , it 's also exactly the movie Netflix needed to release this summer .
Another month , another $ 50 million TV tentpole from Netflix . And what a fabulous , fun , thoroughly first rate tentpole . How does a director follow Snowpiercer ? Precisely like this .
This year 's `` Inside Out '' - one of the most original films of 2017 . Bong Joon-ho goes for it and does n't disappoint . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Netflix 's first must-see movie .
... indispensable viewing for fans of Bong Joon-ho 's fine work . Well worth savoring , `` Okja '' is a science fiction film destined to become folklore .
Only Bong Joon-ho is capable of sustaining this type of behavioral mayhem , keeping `` Okja '' about a girl and her best , mostly gelatinous pal semi-sweet , while also making sure audiences do n't touch bacon for the next few years .
It 's a rant against capitalism ! No , it 's an assault on the meat industry ! It 's both , and one of the year 's worst movies .
Love him or hate him , there 's nobody else making movies quite like this guy .
In a fair world , Okja would have the power to make even the most belligerent meat eaters consider vegetarianism . It is the first great film of 2017 . Protect it fiercely .
This movie takes all sorts of chances and , for the most part , scores big .
This heavy-handed and unfunny film is a very strange movie for any audience , young or old .
Bong manages to strike the right note between absurdly funny and profoundly moving . But more than that , Okja is the kind of film that is just a joy to watch , because it is beautifully shot and performed .
Okja is admirable when it is trying to be a pure fable or a sweet story . It crumbles to varying degrees when it tries to do more .
Boon gives the audience a show . His film is the cinematic answer to the eye-popping , Looney Tunes-exaggerated world of a graphic novel . Boon throws a lot of ideas and schtick onto the screen , and they stick .
It is very effective at creating adoration for a pig made of ones and zeroes . There might be a few tears in there too .
The picture , which never stops moving , is dense with information and feeling . Barbs of satire pop up and are washed away on streams of strong emotion . It 's all marvelously preposterous and yet , at the same time , something important is at stake .
On its surface , Okja is a sweet , heartwarming fable about a young girl and her pet pig . But do n't let that thumbnail synopsis fool you , we 're galaxies away from the kid-friendly entertainments of Babe and Charlotte 's Web here .
Once you see it , you wo n't be able to forget it .
Ultimately , Okja operates on too fantastical a level to function as a call to arms against the factory farm system , and its hot-and-cold tone may scald younger viewers while leaving older ones feeling cold . Consume at your own risk .
While watching the heartfelt Okja , you 'll laugh , you 'll cry and you 'll definitely rethink that next piece of bacon .
Fluctuates from being sublime to tedious throughout
It 's a mess - a Spielbergian heartwarmer that 's also an action movie that 's also an activist screed that takes on not only capitalism but also animal rights . But that it does n't all go together is part of the charm .
`` Okja '' is definitely a treat for fans of Bong 's work , for admirers of carefully crafted cinema and for anyone with deeply held concerns about genetically modified organisms , factory farms or animal welfare .
Okja veers wildly , but never stalls ; if Bong ... never squares the film 's satirical means with its sentimental ends , he at least throws the weight of his considerable filmmaking talent behind both .
Its lack of subtlety is somewhat endearing , infusing the movie with a youthful charm in its righteous indignation . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
It 's not always a well-marbled ride . There 's an inconsistent tone , with horrific moments spliced with satire and detours into vaudeville and a few moments when it 's kidnapped into a heist movie .
It 's a wonder that such a garish display would be effective . But it works on two different levels .
If you do n't want to hug -LSB- An Seo Hyun -RSB- , adopt her , or make her your best friend by the end of Okja , you 're a heartless human being .
From first madcap scene to last , Bong Joon-ho 's film treads a fine line between engaging and annoying .
Bong 's slick and slippery offering is a game-changer . Call it Netflix 's first great film . Call it , simply , great .
Okja is a wild , tender tale of wonderment and friendship , delightful but still with smacks of vile consumerism darkness .
In Okja , a transporting protest fantasy becomes another shrill dust-up in the waging of the culture wars .
Starting off as a cutesy family film , `` Okja '' will become an adventure , a wacky satire , torture porn and a message drama before climaxing in a horrific Holocaust metaphor . It 's a masterful film , Joon Ho skating across genre and tone . .
Okja combines the holistic man-and-nature themes of a Studio Ghibli animation with the alarming food-industry revelations of Cowspiracy : The Sustainability Secret .
Big fun , but not quite the clean hit delivered by Bong 's last few films .
Beautifully shot and wonderfully acted , Okja is a story about love , resistance , bullies , and how we treat the most defenseless on the planet .
While Mija and Okja are the heart and soul of the story , Bong does not stint on assembling an international cast to fill out what are often tiny parts .
The breakout film ... is part fable , part action flick and part lovable animal drama .
A super-pig of a film that is overstuffed almost to the point of nausea .
Okja is a populist enviro-fable that 's part pet-rescue drama , part mad farce , all Bong Joon Ho .
Okja offers escapism with a generous dose of politics that makes it fascinating , funky , and fabulous .
This time , -LSB- Bong 's -RSB- ambitions seem to have outstripped his ability to realize them effectively .
This is a film that deserves to stand proudly on its own as one of this year 's cinematic gems , and another stellar entry into Bong Joon-Ho 's unique catalogue of work .
'' ... reaches for great heights and does n't always get there . ''
Okja is a thoughtful , visceral satire of the corporate meat industry . Director Bong Joon-ho once again challenges convention with brilliance .
A pot-bellied fable unlike anything else you 'll see this year . Not since Babe has an adorable porker inspired such peculiar joy or unexpected heartache .
The movie zips around like a dropped firehose a bit when it comes to tone -- lovable , scary , silly , morbidly depressing , back to silly -- but good art can and maybe should do that .
It 's messy and alive , frustrating and fun .
It may make you feel happy , sad , excited , dejected , angry , and hopeful ... all at the same time , and that 's a pretty rare feat for one movie to pull off . To me it feels like 1/3 Spielberg , 1/3 Gilliam , and 1/3 completely novel , exciting originality .
Bong Joon Ho 's uneven but still electrifying caper about a little girl and her giant pig on the run from villainous Tilda Swinton swirls a sharp dose of slapstick comedy into its pop satirical narrative .
It invites viewers to cheer the bad guys and feel superior for doing so . Yet it 's a film that , behind its veneer of winsome adorableness , seems to express contempt for just about everyone .
There 's a nifty plot manoeuvre in the middle .
Shot in bright , cinematic widescreen by DP Darius Khondji , this Netflix-produced feature belongs on the big screen , where no one would mistake Okja for a real animal , and yet the CG is convincing enough to suspend disbelief .
A flamboyant coming-of-age cum monster movie with some of the flashiest visual effects you may see this year .
While the film features excellent performances and stunning visuals , it falters with its message .
The film has an impeccable manufacturing , however it 's evident that the intention of the filmmakers is to create a title that all the members of the family can enjoy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Okja refines the limitations of Snowpiercer as a social satire and strengthens his message as a call to appreciate any creation . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is an international melting pot of a movie , with fresh and surprising ingredients .
A gleeful satire about the rapacious US food industry ... wrapped neatly around a moving , almost Disney-esque story of a girl and her pet .
A slightly shorter , slightly more disciplined Okja might have been better , but the one Bong has made is still a joy .
Once again , Bong proves that he is a master of dark comedy , a true environmentalist , and a man with a big heart .
It is n't without imperfections , its fancifulness is a tad over the top at times , but at least this is one film we can call `` a blockbuster with a big heart '' - a rarity these days .
Bong Joon-ho 's latest will enchant some , disappoint others .
Tilda Swinton is doubly funny as twin corporate CEOs : the batty one in pink who places the piglets , and the fiendish one with a bad haircut who later sends the grown superpigs to the slaughter .
The message is rudely repeated , as if someone thought that an american transnational might be benign . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a very rare movie . It does n't bother me but I find nothing exciting about it either . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Okja fires in a lot of directions , but finds its way to a strong payoff ; despite an underwhelming confrontation in its final moments , it arrives at a thoughtful epilogue that brings the drama full circle .
A harsh criticism about torture and animal experimentation , as well as the lack of respect for the environment , and for the human being himself . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's a lot to chew on here , but in the end , I wish Okja simply worked better as a movie .
The satirical film is entertaining and with an extraordinary display of image and sound that , unfortunately , can not be appreciated in all its dimension in small home screens . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Mija 's love for Okja provides an emotionally engaging narrative that occasionally throws a few unexpected gut punches .
Nevertheless , Okja is another radically original film by Bong Joon-ho , retaining a remarkable charm in much of its development . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Okja has a wild satire tone without giving up a strong component of tenderness . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Okja is plenty of fun , and smart around the edges , but the girl-and-her-pig stuff can drag , and it feels like it 's pressing for resonance more than properly achieving it .
The seamless special effects that allow the creature to interact with humans and both rural and urban environments are truly impressive . What a shame the rest of the film is such a let-down .
Okja represents a synthesis and an upgrade - in scale as well as quality - of the director 's previous outings , confirming him as one of the finest contemporary craftsmen of intelligent , ambitious blockbusters
Okja is n't perfect ; it falls down when the absurd and the serious ricochet back and forth between scenes , making it hard to track with the film 's tone . But it 's easily forgivable ; this is a big , ambitious movie , and when it works , it is ridiculously fun .
Okja is a buoyant , messy delight of a film , clever and rousing and full-hearted . I laughed ; I cried ; I chose to forego meat at lunch .
Okja suggests that the sarcastic humor of Bong Joon-ho 's best films does n't translate well .
-LSB- ` Okja ' is -RSB- gorgeous and moving and thrilling and funny and inventive and unexpected . It 's why Bong is a visionary among his peers . And , my god , it 's why we go to the movies .
Finds the South Korean director returning to the genre-jumping mode of his masterpiece , The Host , but not quite nailing the tonal juggling act he achieved with that exhilarating creature feature .
This brings much-needed new life to a popular cinematic landscape overcrowded with ageing franchises and endless reboots .
Okja is peppered with lost-in-translation lines and clunky tonal shifts .
A movie that showcases Bong 's admirable flair for artfully unhinged spectacle , deftly undercut by a chastening reality check that never allows us to enjoy ourselves too much .
An incredible vision , both visually beguiling and overflowing with rollercoaster emotions , and its ecological themes pack a punch too .
A madcap fable as purposeful as it is unpredictable , that bears no whiff of a committee , for -LRB- mostly -RRB- better or -LRB- occasionally -RRB- worse .
The weakness of the film is that it really should be for children , but the amount of swearing and violence is clearly aimed at an adult audience .
The creature effects are charming , but the pig-chasing antics and cartoonish corporate nastiness that dominate much of the film become seriously grating .
To paraphrase Woodrow Wilson on something very different , it 's like writing ecological propaganda by the light from fireworks .
This is a gorgeously realized popcorn movie of the most satisfying , comforting , restorative kind : full as its heart is , it has a lot on its mind , yet you 'd also quite like to curl up on its belly and doze in the sun .
Okja is a classic case of a film that you emerge from not knowing quite who it 's intended for .
The pure energy and likability of this film make it such a pleasure .
Lumbering , clumsy but ultimately as loveable as its eponymous star .

@highlight

Okja sees Bong Joon-ho continuing to create defiantly eclectic entertainment -- and still hitting more than enough of his narrative targets in the midst of a tricky tonal juggling act .