Could have and should have been a demented little gem , but as it is , it 's just a muddled , sloppy , and often incoherent little rant about New York ...
How can you resist a hero who gets worked up because a car alarm disrupts his extremely tenuous grasp on a difficult but life altering passage of Hegel ?
Amid the seasonal din of so many raucous summer blockbusters , Noise offers blessed relief in the form of a strong central performance , sharp dialogue and edgy humor .
Bean 's scenario is too inconsequential to take seriously and not outlandish enough to entertain .
Having hooked us with the tagline , director Henry Bean never seems to be sure quite where to run with it .
Amusing but marginal .
Even at the movie 's climax , Saville wants us to keep looking at the characters
full of interesting motifs and symbolism , making a curious statement about detachment from one 's surroundings , no matter how thrilling they may seem to outside observers .
An entertaining comedy with dashes of sex , all served up by a top cast
A presumably rectifiable dilemma for urbanites needs more serious treatment .
The black comedy Noise may be a one-joke movie but it 's a resonant one .
I 'd hate to live in a movie world that did n't make room for weird , imperfect little movies like this .
A tale of obsession and vigilantism cut with humor and a little Hegel , Henry Bean 's Noise is a satisfyingly screwy New York story in which a successful businessman/family man jettisons all because he ca n't stand the cacophony on the street .
Noise has too many warring genres on the boil and too many thoughts jockeying for supremacy .
It 's wickedly amusing for a little bit , but ultimately the film becomes what it 's fighting : just noise .
A splendidly eccentric independent film written and directed by Henry Bean .
There 's an intriguing canvas here , but Bean paints in broad strokes and then just sort of gives up at the end .
The moral of this failed fable might best be summed up as , `` Dude , get some earplugs . ''
The movie 's real appeal lies in the simple but by no means inconsiderable pleasure of watching Tim Robbins take a hammer to a parked car as it wails pointlessly , deep into the night .
Like the car alarms it demonizes , Noise is insistent and initially attention-grabbing -- but eventually a little one-note and empty .
The movie has enough big-city wickedness and merry cruelty to keep things skittering unpredictably .
If Noise takes a certain New York path and tries to gently negotiate rather than smash things , Robbins and Hurt at least manage to keep it real .
Noise , the second part of a projected ` fanatic trilogy ' , is shallow and loud .
Noise is meant to be a fable of personal empowerment for Everyman , but due to some wildly uneven direction and one-dimensional characters , it simply comes off as a shallow Yuppie fairy tale .
Noise is never quite as smart as it tries to be . But as summer and its mouth-breathing blockbusters loom large on the horizon , there 's something touching about a movie that even tries .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Bean writes interesting scripts that toy with big ideas , but the films that result are n't always good . -LRB- Or even bearable . -RRB- Here he sets out to make an aural Fight Club , but instead he 's made a movie about a guy who really needs to buy earplugs .
Of all the problems in the world today we get a movie about car alarms ? Seriously ?
The concept had potential , but the movie 's broad approach -LRB- including a ridiculous turn by William Hurt as a mayor with a laughable dye job -RRB- drowns out its message .
In this freakout indie satire , Robbins goes unusually insane and ready to rumble as a nervous wreck NYC lawyer so disoriented by loud street sounds , that sleep and sex are becoming a thing of the past . Egghead superheroes can also come in small packages .
The screenplay has an air of unreality and does n't hang together .
As a follow-up to his striking 2002 directorial debut , The Believer , this second obsessive study in fanaticism by writer-director Henry Bean has its own delirious integrity and outsider-art charm .
There has n't been such manifest smugness on screen since The Squid and the Whale .
Watch it to see Tim Robbins shake his booty to the beat while bashing a car to bits with his baseball bat .
Noise is a funny movie about a serious issue , delivered tongue in cheek but with real conviction .
A much better strategy for alarm activist Bean would have been to give Robbins a microphone and make this as a trenchant documentary .
Pulling no punches from its opening frames , Noise is a blunt , thoughtful and inherently human drama .
What I want from a film is a punch in that emotional gut , and it 's there in Noise . But I do n't want it delivered in a facile fashion , and this certainly is n't .
Interesting and distinctly Australian take on the cop thriller . Cowell and Saville are on their way .
An experiment in sound couched in a genre film .
A great ride with an entertaining story . This was a decent crime thriller and until the form is revived inearnest , Noise will more than hold down the fort .
It kicks off with a wallop , then constantly confounds expectations by approaching its subject matter from fresh directions .




@highlight

Noise starts with an interesting premise , but fails to build it into a cohesive whole .