... it 's ultimately clear that Emmerich should stick to the larger-than-life , blockbuster fare with which he 's become associated .
The director offers up an unfocused but intriguing alternate look at William Shakespeare .
Roland Emmerich takes a questionable literary controversy and deftly forms it into an Elizabethan political drama in the Shakespeare-themed ` Anonymous ' .
Bad history beautifully done .
Do n't let the fact that it 's different - or unadulterated bullshit of the highest order - put you off a story that , in truth , is more interesting than it is wholly entertaining or accurate .
It may be one of the signs of the apocalypse , but thanks to a well-written screenplay , spot-on performances , and a fantastic production design , Emmerich has finally made a great film .
Roland Emmerich 's lurid , pulpy approach is n't subtle , but it suits the material , since this is presented as a controversial exposé .
Fairly absorbing in an alternately classy and salaciously trashy way that operates not too unlike Emmerich 's popcorn entertainers .
Bombastic claptrap .
Es saludable que el director Roland Emmerich haya decidido cambiar de género ; Anónimo es lo más interesante que haya hecho en toda su carrera ... lo cual , pensándolo bien , no es un gran mérito .
This movie is lurid fun that is much smarter than it has any business being .
Calling Anonymous Roland Emmerich 's masterpiece ranks high on the list of most meaningless claims of 2011 . But it 's true .
Any hope of Emmerich and writer Orloff putting together a coherent argument is destroyed by muddled narrative .
Anonymous premises Edward 's manhood partly on his sexual prowess and partly on his poetry , but it loses sight of the latter 's allusions and intrigues , and instead falls in love with its own most obvious sensations .
O Germanos megalokatastrofologos prepei na peripoioyntan th senariakh idea toy John Orloff kapoy gia 8 xronia , kai se ayta h arxikh eksetash mias logias ypotheshs , phre emprepws Tudor-ianes diastaseis eksoysiastikhs intrigkas
Handsome , inconsequential `` investigation '' into the political and theatrical life of Elizabethan England makes a mystery of history .
What 's distressing is n't the film 's plodding incoherence or wild-eyed credulousness but its misplaced priority : It suggests that what 's most interesting about this writer we call Shakespeare is not the genius of his words but the puzzle of his identity .
It did n't have me rethinking history , but for those two hours , it was entertaining enough . I do n't know if that will be enough for Emmerich and this `` What if ? ''
It 's easy to get lost in the facial-hair thicket of actors , earls , lords , Roberts , Thomases and Cecils , and the movie 's jarring leaps across the years often make things even more challenging to follow .
A wonderful hypothetical about the identity of William Shakespeare , Anonymous is incredibly credible , a story of intrigue and facades .
Call it the anti-Shakespeare in Love . Call it the more cultured cousin to Inglourious Basterds . Just do n't call Anonymous a fact-based story .
As a nail-biting thriller of court intrigue , lies , and rebellion , I would be forced to admit that , yes , Lisy Christl 's costume designs are really pretty good . I 'm drawing a blank on anything else .
Perhaps there is an element of truth in this tale but director Roland Emmerich makes it very hard to believe with this muddled story .
Bereft of comedy , Anonymous is the cinematic equivalent of limp celery . It 's crying out for a crisp rewrite from the Bard himself but alas , poor yawners , all we get is Fakespeare .
Will Shakespeare , whose words shine on , bright and brave , Is turning o'er with laughter in his grave .
The loud , overwrought Anonymous is an affront to the richness and beauty of Shakespeare 's work -- no matter who really wrote it .
I felt absolutely drawn along in this film . I had a really boisterous , Elizabethan good time .
The film presents an interesting argument , but did n't entirely convince me .
Though Anonymous is historical hogwash of the highest order , it is never less than highly entertaining .
Though far-fetched , this celebration of storytelling is an exhilarating and visually lavish thrill ride .
Anonymous is earnest , high-camp and regularly ridiculous , but it 's also a fun and gripping adventure for lovers of stagecraft or Tudor mystery .
Overlong , labyrinthine and most certainly speculative in its history , `` Anonymous '' benefits from a central conceit that is too intriguing to be dismissed .
What sinks it is the pervading sense that Emmerich wants us to take it seriously .
Anonymous is fun -- if you take the anti-Shakespearean tale as events set in an unreal , alternate universe .
Shakespeare 's work proves that imagination is more important than fact - Anonymous stumbles badly while trying the opposite approach .
Emmerich can keep track of hurtling cars and crumbling buildings , but distinguishing between one scruffy Elizabethan and another is apparently beyond him .
Roland Emmerich is the doyen of historically inaccurate disasterpieces , the pre-eminent cinematic misinterpreter of scientific theories , and the gullible go-to-guy when it comes to half-baked conspiracy thrillers . Anonymous is -LSB- his -RSB- ` perfect storm ' .
` Anonymous ' a lot of sound and fury signifying nothing .
It 's geeky forgettable fun for Shakespeare nerds with a suitable sense of the absurd , but possibly a bit dull for Emmerich 's usual fanbase .
A remarkably restrained and complex film that explores the power that popular entertainment has to embed ideological ideas into the minds of the audiences who consume it .
Creaking narrative construction succumbs to gigantic cracks of exposition and a maze of disjointed flashbacks in Roland Emmerich 's disastrous attempt at demystifying the identity of the Bard .
File this one in the category of entertaining historical fiction . There are facts here , but one must possess more than a passing familiarity with history to be able to spot them .
The American screenwriter John Orloff may have wished for a muse of fire , but unfortunately he 's been given an ear of cloth , and his film would hardly pass muster as a sixth-form end-of-term romp .
Power , betrayal , incest and the theatre are the red-hot ingredients of this intriguing and potentially explosive costume drama . . My lament ... is the jumbled , convoluted storyline
This film is not really about promoting an alternate theory of authorship so much as presenting an intriguing -LRB- if unlikely -RRB- scenario and seeing how it would play out . It makes for a ripping good story , whether or not it 's factual .
... disappointing , overly long , convoluted , confusing , and fatuous , exacerbated by the depiction of Queen Elizabeth I as a profligate slut .
The film may piss off more viewers than it wins over , but there 's no denying that Anonymous has balls the size of The Globe Theatre .
An opulent 16th century costume drama that serves as a far-fetched , alternative-history curiousity , continuing the mystery .
What must not be forgotten is this is an entertaining piece of imaginary work in itself - as suggested by the opening prologue by Derek Jacobi .
A tale worthy of a Shakespeare play in its own right when not more suited for the Enquirer , the film is striking to behold . But a great deal longer than it needs to be , tossing in homicidal swordplay , vintage boy toys and kinky inbred royal closet lust .
John Orloff 's screenplay could have used a rewrite by de Vere -- or whomever .
Bountiful in look and scandal yet convoluted in plot and historical validity , Anonymous tries to be a serious work of art but does n't have the credibility or filmmaking discipline needed to present its wild conspiracy theories .
Convoluted at worst and confusing at best , Anonymous looks pretty and is for the most part competently acted , but it 's not Shakespeare . Not by a mile .
Emmerich can say what he likes , but I would rather go read whomever wrote the great folio .
As historical entertainment , it is bracing in its twists and turns . As a tribute to the power of words and the beauty of language in the hands of a genius , it is superb
Knowing that non-Masterpiece Theater audiences will grow fidgety over this sort of thing , Emmerich and Orloff throw in plenty of sword-fighting , bear-baiting , and bodice-ripping .
The digitally wrought period settings are simply gorgeous .
This is irresistible as self-knowing camp : the players ham it up in high fashion and the script crams at least one lurid revelation into every scene .
If convolution where compliments , Anonymous would be one highly flattered film .
What 's disappointing about Anonymous is that it is n't dumb enough . Rather than plunging merrily ahead with its fanciful counternarrative , the movie keeps stopping to actually , seriously make its case -- to posit and explain and persuade .
Anonymous strives to be boring , Emmerich attempting to deliver performance-first directing , but ending up with string of flat , sloth-paced back-and-forths .
The coolest element of the whole thing is probably the way the movie ties art -LRB- specifically those plays -RRB- and politics together .
Like vermin , facts here are banished / Logic dispelled , plain motives all vanished ...
Anonymous may not convince anyone , but it certainly should entertain them .
As silly as most of this is , Anonymous is undeniably a handsome picture . The costumes are gorgeous , with enough velvet and brocade to make everybody seem downright upholstered .
Audiences may chuckle . Stratfordians , prepare for conniptions .
Take the political intrigue of Elizabeth , add the backstage drama of Shakespeare in Love , and divide by the adherence to fact and logic that propelled 2012 and The Day After Tomorrow .
There are great moments in Anonymous , from its arresting opening scene ... to recreations of the first performances ever given of Henry V and Hamlet before a spellbound throng of groundlings ...
If you are looking for something more intellectual , and certainly more accurate in its portrayal of a rich period in English history , you will have to go elsewhere .
Uneven drama questions Shakespeare 's identity .
Shakespeare in Blah . Playful premise , weak script . Palace intrigue that is n't intriguing .
That 's right : I come to praise Emmerich , not to bury him .
A shapeless muddle , with a handful of good scenes adrift in a sea of general mediocrity .
From the man who brought you Godzilla and 2012 ... a loud and ludicrous historical rewrite about the supposed hidden authorship of Shakespeare 's plays
Disaster filmmeister Roland Emmerich meets Shakespeare : behold , Bard-Zilla is nigh !
There 's absolutely nothing pleasurable about this self-serious and remarkably stupid drama .
The largely British cast strive gamely to salvage a film that takes itself far too seriously .
All in all the dreary script creates a glass ceiling that the film could never bust through , more laugh-inducing than controversy-inspiring .
There are plenty of reasons to hate Anonymous , but its biggest crime by far is that it is just one more example of the gradual dumbing-down of the world that we live in .
At its conclusion not everything is entirely clear , but enough pieces fall into place to leave a feeling of satisfaction .
Apart from these few light moments , Anonymous is a case of ingenuity wasted on an unintelligent enterprise .
Full of so many soap opera twists and turns you would have thought Shakespeare or Aaron Spelling came up with the plot .
Slickly told , mildly diverting but ultimately fraudulent .
Emmerich steps out of his comfort zone to offer a beguiling picture of Elizabethan London and a neatly balanced tale of political intrigue and personal heartache .
If you can ignore the inaccuracies , jumbled chronology and the often clunky dialogue , Emmerich 's film is a surprisingly entertaining costume romp , ripely acted , vividly realised , and full of all the mud , blood , sex and violence the period can offer .
`` Anonymous '' is a thoroughly entertaining load of eye candy with solid performances , even if John Orloff 's exposition-heavy script practically requires a concordance to follow at times .
Do n't let the frilly costumes , courtly language and historical pretense fool you : `` Anonymous '' is still a Roland Emmerich movie - a blessing when it comes to vigor and a curse when it comes to subtlety , proportion or sense .
Though the cast is energetic and the intrigues diverting , you 'll have to distance yourself from reality to enjoy so much outlandish scheming .
The whole thing is splendidly decked out and dramatised with swirling panache .
Arguing over who really penned Hamlet is a little bit like arguing with a Christian over who wrote the Bible . It all comes down to faith . Still , the movie is as entertaining as it is cluttered .
Emmerich takes on the Bard , as you like it !
I have to give special mention to actor Edward Hogg , who apparently thought he was playing Count Rugen in `` The Princess Bride . ''
Anonymous leaves us longing that -LSB- its scenario -RSB- is incorrect , if only for the fact that the popular view of Shakespeare 's authorship is at least an interesting one .
You know you 're in trouble when it takes well over an hour to figure out that the two on-screen figures you 've been watching are actually playing the same character forty years apart .
Anonymous proves that Emmerich is more than capable outside of the disaster genre . He just bit off more than he can chew , as is his tendency .
To accurately and intelligently follow ANONYMOUS , you need a copy of Burke 's Peerage .
The very qualities that fuel the historical hokum of Anonymous -- over-the-top royal intrigue and incest , violent literary backstabbing , frothing conspiracy -- also happen to make for wild entertainment .
I remained confused about the characters and their stories throughout but enjoyed the production value very much .
Anonymous is poignant and shocking by turns , while maintaining an entertaining pace .
Emmerich delivers an interesting argument and has created an entertaining film .
As the Bard probably would not say , Anonymous is some crazy shit .
It 's Shakespeare as B-movie , if you will , or to borrow from the bard , a boffo blast , which I 'm pretty sure is from either `` King Lear '' or `` Hamlet . ''
In a movie that rings false at every turn , Ms. Redgrave 's Elizabeth is truly and infallibly regal .
It is entertainingly bizarre : like seeing a whole film asserting that Salieri must have written the music attributed to that moronic yobbo Mozart .
The behind the camera crew ... do a fine job in setting and maintaining the period feel . Too bad the story by John Orloff falls short of the production by muddling an intriguing concept .
Anonymous is no more or less far-fetched than Emmerich 's prior efforts . But it is much , much more confusing .
A strange combination of garbled history and woozy period political melodrama that tries unsuccessfully to treat Shakespeare in the way ` Amadeus ' did Mozart .
Emmerich 's name is forever associated with bloated spectacle like `` The Day After Tomorrow . '' Here , he finally uses his powers for good , creating a vast , virtual 16th-century world without sacrificing human details like De Vere 's ink-stained fingers .
Roland Emmerich destroys things for a living . Why not the reputation of a man who lacked the imagination to blow up the Sistine Chapel ?
So disappointingly dopey that it 's unworthy of anyone 's time .
... other than Ifans ' soulful , weathered performance all that 's really notable is Emmerich 's backdrops .
An intriguing look at Tudor England and the Bard who caught the spirit of the times and the heights and depths of the human adventure .
Directed with the usual sledgehammer hand of actioneer Roland Emmerich , the purple prose of the Elizabethan poet is mauled into the blue balls of Queen Elizabeth 's suitors as the not-so-virgin Queen reigns supreme in the halls of shame .
It offers a ludicrously reductionist view of England 's greatest writer , William Shakespeare , and a grotesquely offensive portrait of its most celebrated monarch , Elizabeth I .
About the time I realized a character I had been thinking was named Edward was really named Robert , I realized something else : I no longer cared about any of these pantalooned drips .
do n't go into Roland Emmerich 's Anonymous expecting some kind of enlightenment
Historians will quibble with the timing and accuracy of a lot of the film , and you know what ? Let them . The rest of us can enjoy the performances and the sumptuous look of the movie , which is a lot more satisfying , anyway .
As literary conspiracy theories go , this is a long way from cheese and wine in the English faculty lounge .
Anonymous might be riper than a month-old plum , but it 's every bit as juicy .
A vulgar prank on the English literary tradition , a travesty of British history and a brutal insult to the human imagination . Apart from that , it 's not bad .
Books have been written to argue that de Vere , Earl of Oxford , is the true author of Shakespeare 's work , and if this subject interests you at all , you 're better off sticking with one of those .
Scholarly debate about the Shakespeare Authorship Question has little to do with this tale told by an idio ... syncratic moviemaker up to little more than mischief .
Anonymous , far from ascending the brightest heaven of invention , is a muddled , often confusing film , unable to mesh its political and theatrical plotlines . Worse , it undermines its own argument by cramming in too many fanciful possibilities .
A messy , often goofy , and very occasionally entertaining melodrama from Roland Emmerich .
By attempting to weave the fancies of the Oxfordians into a coherent narrative , Anonymous does highlight the over-the-top melodrama inherent in anti-Stratfordianism itself .
In trying to make a bio-pic of Shakespearean proportions , Anonymous ca n't help but look like a fraud .
It is , at the very least , a curiosity , one with some clever casting and a few very fine performances at its core .
Emmerich 's mirthless hatchet job is hoisted with its own petard .
-LSB- A -RSB- tale told by an idiot , full of sound and fury , signifying nothing ... This is a sordid movie : not the good , juicy sort of sordid , but the dreary and depressing sort of sordid .
A fortnight is about how long it will take you to sort out ... an absurdly structured movie that could have benefited from an iron and a volume knob .
`` Anonymous '' is ridiculous , and like Oliver Stone 's `` JFK '' it sells its political conspiracy theories by weight and by volume . But dull , it 's not .
It 's as dull as it is brainless , the work of creators who 've spent far more time concocting silly stories about Shakespeare than learning from him .
Much ado about nothing , indeed .
Anonymous is so dubious in its intent and so tangled in its execution , it might have worked better as a comedy like Notting Hill or The Boat That Rocked , where Ifans could agreeably play the fool as before .
A splendid experience : the dialogue , the acting , the depiction of London , the lust , jealousy and intrigue .
This deeply dopey travesty 's worst instincts are nearly its only entertaining ones .
It 's a weird feeling to be bored by a Roland Emmerich feature .
Oliver Stone 's JFK looks reasonable compared to this .
Dubious history aside , Anonymous is a well-acted yarn that also is a tribute to the unstoppable force of art -- even if it implies that only an aristocrat could create it .
As the initial whiff of scandal eventually gives way to great , repetitive blubbering about the brilliance and significance of Shakespeare 's works , `` Anonymous '' ultimately feels like much ado about nothing .
Anonymous winds through a thick registry of lords and earls taking sides in various revolts and coups , and a playbill of Shakespeare 's jealous theater peers . It 's tough to keep track of who is getting beheaded or dragged to the Tower of London .
Few could ever have predicted that Emmerich would be the man to bring the Oxfordian theory of Shakespeare authorship to the screen
By and large it 's a comedy of errors , but not as Shakespeare intended it .
A disappointing , over-stuffed and frequently dull drama with dreadful dialogue , dodgy performances , an uneven tone and a poorly structured script .
Shakespeare himself would probably love it . He did write Twelfth Night , for goodness sake .
A glorious revelation of a film that could very well be considered Roland Emmerich 's Moulin Rouge !
Other than ludicrously pulpy fun , Anonymous , true to its title , ultimately signifies nothing .
Historians are already calling Anonymous preposterous humbug , but I found it a complex cornucopia of ideas and panache . You go away sated .
This period drama turns an academic dispute into absurd entertainment .
Think of it as a high-end Christmas panto , as a red-faced , enthusiastic cast are put through the paces by their barking , domineering director . Louder , faster , bigger , more !
This is high camp , nothing more .
The defenestration of one of England 's greatest dramatists by one of Germany 's poorest .
Even though Emmerich is working with ostensibly more refined material here , the ham-handed touch of the man who gave us The Day After Tomorrow ... is felt quite heavily throughout .
Emmerich takes the story at face value and delivers a film unlike any of his others . That is to say , a boring one .
Blends broad comedy , bloody action , heart-wrenching romance and dark dealings into a movie that dashes headlong from start to finish ... a surprisingly satisfying film .
It 's more of an interesting curio to a blockbuster career but there 's fun to be had here if you look hard enough .
The more far-fetched the idea , it seems , the more strenuous the effort to pass it off as authentic .
it fails on its own merits as a messy biopic and even messier historical epic whose authenticity becomes irrelevant when its execution is incompetent .
All the fixins for a convoluted , costume drama of , dare I say it , Shakespearean proportions .
A well-polished cowpat that will confuse and bore those who know nothing about Shakespeare and incense those who know almost anything .
In the end , the film is watchable mainly because the plot is so outrageously contentious .
A handsomely staged and decidedly straight-ahead costume drama under Roland Emmerich 's nearly CGI-free direction .
Anonymous is a fun costume drama , and one of Emmerich 's better films .
Why is Emmerich , destroyer of worlds , elbowing his way into the conversation about Shakespearean authorship ? Because the debate is explosive -- and he ca n't resist packing on more dynamite
Surprisingly , this is easily director Roland Emmerich 's best film .
Anonymous is , at the very least , a curiosity , one with some clever casting and a very fine performance at its core .
Roland Emmerich 's meticulously crafted and often well-acted exposé of the `` real '' William Shakespeare is shocking only in that it is rather good .


@highlight

Roland Emmerich delivers his trademark visual and emotional bombast , but the more Anonymous stops and tries to convince the audience of its half-baked theory , the less convincing it becomes .