... a horror experience that 's mature , dark , and disturbing to the bone . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It Comes at Night is an engrossing and devastating movie on its own merits , but if you 're expecting eviscerations , you 'll be sitting disappointed in your seat long after the lights come up .
It Comes at Night builds , and builds , and builds before unleashing a nightmarish , soul-sickening conclusion that will utterly devastate you if you 've grown invested in the film 's narrative .
While the film is undeniably well-made , its outlook is so dark it crosses the line into making viewers feel more miserable than enlightened or entertained .
The pacing and lack of gore/information might not play well with a mainstream crowd , but Shults 's drawing out of tension without relying on clichés makes for a fascinating -LRB- and sweaty -RRB- watch .
If you 're tired of formulaic horror that leaves little to the imagination , It Comes at Night is the perfect remedy .
The ending is n't wholly satisfying , but the film takes a pleasantly unsettling journey to get there .
The film 's crawling pace will no doubt alienate audiences looking for immediate thrills , but title is far from deceptive : the monsters are all there , only they are dressed in civilian clothing .
It subverts just about every cliché you can think of as far as apocalyptic scenarios go , ignoring monsters and demons entirely to focus on the human mind , making bold statements regarding fear , paranoia , love , and family
At its simplest form , this is highfalutin hokum .
A quietly chilling nightmare of human frailty and strength , tense with a nameless disquietude . A supremely accomplished little film .
The film 's taut , insightful arc is a reminder of the lost power of restraint .
It Comes at Night demands that its audience 's work with it and the end result , whilst not always entirely satisfactory , is never less than compelling and highly watchable .
The film is still commanding and distinctive , regardless of its flaws , with the young director - who is still working his way up the industry ladder - showing great potential and a directing career worth keeping an eye on .
This is no siege thriller and the zombies are n't scratching to get in . The drama and conflict arises from the nuances of family dynamics and strangers getting to know each other under extreme circumstances .
This is the sort of stylish , low-budget offering that can kick-start a film-making career , but while its cast ratchet up the tension , the over-use of nightmares and some obvious plot holes may frustrate commercial audiences .
But too often in It Comes at Night , no genuine shocks or cathartic release wait at the end of each taut thread . Instead , it 's just deeper and deeper mystery .
It Comes at Night is a handsome low-budget effort in which cinematographer Drew Daniels turns his liabilities into assets .
A thriller that moves away from the conventions of the genre in which the threads of paranoia move with solvency and dexterity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Works almost entirely through ellipsis and withholding .
If there 's real horror here , it has less to do with jolts and gore than with the realization that under extreme conditions , mistrust can become an essential , if double-edged , survival tool . That 's a truly scary idea .
It Comes at Night balances on the knife edge between hope and despair , counterweighting the dire nature of its world with genuinely moving moments of warmth .
The movie has its flaws . But one of Shults 's main triumphs is to get us to believe in the danger of the outside world as fiercely as his characters do .
When It Comes At Night came to an end , the entire audience collectively released the breath we 'd all been inadvertently holding .
Recommended for those who like psychological horror and stories of the genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The intimate film gets under the skin by examining paranoia , trust and fear of the unknown .
It Comes at Night is a serious affair , well constructed and performed , and certainly effective .
Shults 's adoption of a more vicious mode sharpens his already discomfiting take on families in states of extreme duress in his debut feature Krisha .
This is n't so much a horror film about monsters as it is a psychological thriller about isolation , the choices made for survival , and the struggle to remain rational against an unseen , enigmatic force .
Shults has crafted a beautifully intelligent psychological thriller , where the most monstrous and horrific thing is ourselves .
Edgerton , Drew Daniels 's cinematography and Brian McOmber 's score are leading lights in Trey Edward Shults 's film . There is a slight sense of unfinished business about it all that leaves you wanting more , however ,
It 's a simple exercise in terror that avoids too much explicit violence , and a quietly impressive little movie .
It Comes At Night marks writer-director Trey Edward Shults as a talent to watch .
The low-key , even uncannily quiet mood is also seriously unsettling , and makes sure that this lingers long after the final curtain and , just perhaps , sneaks into your mind late at night .
With claustrophobic cinematography and an ominous score , It Comes at Night seethes with intimacy - not of the warm and friendly variety , but foreboding , unnerving and ruthless .
The characters ' behaviour rings true , the tension is strong and the oily darkness of it all looks good .
The characters ' behaviour rings true , the tension is strong and the oily darkness of it all looks good . Within his vaguely realistic constraints , however , Shults does n't find a way to nudge the story to a satisfying ending .
The `` It '' of the title refers to the contagious disease that has devastated the outside world -LRB- a world that , like much in this beautifully minimalist film , we never see -RRB- , but it also denotes something even more virulent and destructive : human fear .
Shults wants to ask his viewers , `` How far would you go to protect the people you love ? '' But his work is so clinical and devoid of revelation that it 's neither persuasive nor involving .
Comes at Night will not be perfect , but you ca n't deny the great talent of this director who with just two films in his filmography , promises to be a force to be taken into account . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Shults 's chiller delivers jolts and jitters rather than splatter and critters . Indeed , this is the sort of horror film in which man 's inner demons are just as terrifying as anything lurking in the darkness outside .
This is a stylish film that is constantly asking us questions . Sadly , answers are infuriatingly thin on the ground .
It 's a grim vision of a world losing track of objective facts , descending into a poisonous abyss of chaos and disorder . No wonder it strikes such a contemporary chord .
This sharply original horror film not only approaches its premise from an unexpected angle , but it creates characters who add a psychological depth that makes the film far more involving than expected .
The film 's wilful ambiguity will doubtless prove frustrating for many , but this is a truly nightmarish tale , as real people in a terrible situation make snap decisions that lead to devastating consequences . It 's gripping , terrifying , and heartbreaking .
The film feels more like an indie art film than a generic shocker .
It 's not exactly scary but it made me so tense I could hardly breathe , let alone think .
An eerie tale that is all the more effective for its restraint .
The performances are all strong , but how anyone can say this does n't bolt headlong into all the usual horror clichés , I do n't know .
One thing 's for sure : loving thy neighbour will be a darned sight harder after this .
A treat to ponder and deconstruct . Sombre nocturnes are rarely so entertaining .
This is a dark and upsetting horror , with zero gimmicks but plenty of unease to leave you thinking about its final scenes for a long while .
Full of character-based suspense , it 's dramatic and ramped-up with tension .
Think of Shults 's film ... as the end of the world by lantern light : intimate and flickering up close , with unfathomable blackness beyond .
The film is at its best in querulous , nervy scenes of cabined panic as the unknown lays shadowy siege .
This is certainly a bleak story but it 's also a rich and very nuanced one .
Expertly crafted - astonishingly so , at times - and precisely , punishingly performed , It Comes at Night is a highly effective exercise in the controlled release of raw , relentless dread .
A post-apocalyptic survival drama that is claustrophobic , chilling and unbearably tense .
An intensely personal , extremely precise meditation on fear , grief , family and community ... challenging stuff that bears intellectual rigour , or , to put it another way : if you 're not willing to think about it , you probably wo n't like it .
It has this exploratory character that Shults showed in his first film , although , perhaps , the relationship with the background , with what he narrates , does n't end with total cohesion . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It is a fiercely watchable film .
Rather disappointing in the end , but Shults delivers a few memorable scares .
It Comes at Night is a masterclass in suspense building , it 's a film all about the notion of trust , and is so intense , and uncompromising with it .
It Comes At Night is a slow-burn family drama with thriller moments and a tone more in keeping with apocalyptic feel-bad flick , The Road .
That 's part of the power conveyed by the sparse storytelling - it keeps bringing connections and realisations to the surface . Little is said , but much becomes apparent .
Shults clutches nerves deftly . Until the horror ends being a excuse to clog and it exposes that the tension between the characters does n't worry as much as the outer threat . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It Comes at Night answers the cinematic question : Do movies even need an ending ? -LRB- Yes . -RRB-
This post-apocalyptic and claustrophobic story is full of suspense and psychological horror . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An uncompromisingly bleak slow burn , it leaves the pulse frantic and nerves frayed .
A deeply personal exploration of the extremes of human behaviour , with a lean , real-world sensibility that makes it easy to empathise with the notion of survival at any cost .
The film is far from being a breakthrough work within the horror arthouse , but reminds us that showing less often means getting more . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Edward Shults 's work plays with a slow cinema , in which dream sequences flirt with the reality of a family in danger . However , the end of the film leaves us with much more doubts than answers . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It is a well crafted film , but I am also saying this is definitely not my cup of tea , and I will never , ever subject myself to watching it again . This film rates a B , mainly for horror fans .
The tension the movie generates is incredible and it explodes in moments that will linger in your mind for a long time .
Mines the same dour forebodings as Cormac McCarthy 's ` The Road ' ... a grim little cautionary fable that relies on mood , character development and performance , not ` Walking Dead ' gore effects .
Within that loose framework , a powerful tragedy centered around human nature unfolds , and it 's terrifying .
A progressively engrossing horror effort ...
It makes the audience leave the theater in angst . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
An icky , post-apocalyptic wallow that relies on gut-churning dread instead of traditional jump-scares . I hated it so much I did n't want to talk to anybody afterward and went for a long walk by myself .
It might be a dirge of a film , but it 's a beautiful , textured dirge that hangs in the air long after its last note has been played .
Shults does a masterful job of creating a sense of place , the home suffused mostly with darkness and suggestive shadows , while his ability to push a scene from normality to unbearable tension is exceptional .
It Comes at Night may well be the most minimalist horror movie ever made ... an exceptionally tight , sly and , yes , heavy exercise in psychological suspense .
Much is what Shults does is admirable , from his refusal to offer only the barest of exposition to his camera-work , in which he haunts the house 's hallways , making it feel near-claustrophobic . What 's lacking is a larger sense of purpose .
If Krisha was a drama that eventually generated the aura of a horror film , the reverse could be said for It Comes at Night , an artful effort in genre-ambiguity that keeps Shults in the category of filmmakers to watch .
It Comes At Night is a well-crafted examination of the human condition .
It 's chilling in its implications . Were it as chilling an experience , this would be a truly great horror film .
It 's beautiful and harrowing , and undoubtedly an accomplishment , but it ultimately feels like Shults ca n't decide what he wants to say .
Trey Edward Shults . Make sure you remember that name . Burn it into your brain . It Comes at Night solidifies what a major talent he is .
a penetrating exercise in escalating dread and despair
A small-scaled picture that builds a striking degree of tension through very economical means , a cousin of Eli Roth 's ` Cabin Fever ' that depends on atmosphere rather than gore for its effect .
It 's the clear and defiant disregard for modern horror tropes that makes It Comes at Night such a refreshing watch .
Will you be scared ? Not really , but you will be made to squirm ; not to mention forced to quell that uneasiness deep inside your gut .
These big , dark gaps in the film , like the darkness around that small lantern 's glow , invite us to project our worst fears into them .
A post-apocalyptic nightmare-and-a-half where the horrors of humanity ... bleed out through wary eyes and weathered hands .
In the end , I was left hungry for a payoff that never came , and lamenting that It Comes At Night 's mood and nightmares are not enough to be satisfyingly scary .
A fairly straightforward post-apocalyptic story , tightly focused on human torment , but suffused with surprising , undeniably atmospheric sights and sounds .
Edgerton gives another masterly minimalist performance , and Ejogo and Harrison are preternaturally alert .
It Comes at Night is a relentlessly bleak exercise in paranoia and distrust that taps into some of the deepest fears within the human condition .
Fascinating thriller by a director who understands tension , isolation and uncontrollable fear .
Methodical , moving at its own unhurried pace , content to revel in silence and the mundane minutia of surviving in a world no longer filled with modern amenities , Shults shows the same attention to detail he -LSB- displayed in Krisha -RSB- .
It 's like being on a conveyor belt headed to a darkened doom .
It quickly becomes a so-so horror thriller that takes us deep into the woods and some other dark places .
The solid cast acts accordingly , with young Harrison distinguishing himself as a young man whose awkwardness is alternately endearing and alarming .
Trey Edward Shults , who made the powerful , harrowing Krisha , returns with a dark movie that 's meticulously crafted and highly intelligent but also relentlessly pessimistic and deeply unsettling .
It Comes at Night is a total success , building dread gradually and avoiding an overreliance on the kind of jump scares lesser films mine to absurdity . It makes `` It Comes at Night '' less fun , but more resonant .
It 's a genre picture bathed in overwhelming darkness and torment .
Home is where good health is n't in It Comes at Night , a terrifying saga about the corruption of a clan 's safe haven by both external and internal forces .
Writer-director Trey Edward Shults ' sophomore feature wo n't do much to reaffirm faith in humanity under pressure , but it will put the screws to the viewer for a lean , nerve-wracking 90 minutes .
After the success of recent low-budget horror films like Split and Get Out , It Comes at Night is far more demanding , even brazen .
It Comes at Night is a masterful work of spooky suspense . Writer-director Trey Edward Shults has created a claustrophobic gem of a movie .
Trey Edward Shults ' stark , sobering , and quietly fascinating It Comes at Night is for genre fans who are in the market for something more cerebral and personal than the average `` end of the world '' story .
Those expecting a horror movie that 's filled with a lot of those gross and scary moments will likely be disappointed , while those who might appreciate the film 's less horrific storytelling will probably be scared away by the marketing .
There 's a fresh mound of metaphysical content to mull over , and in the end , that 's the only thing that redeems this somewhat unsatisfying horror experiment : We 're forced to think about what we might do in the same situation ...
It Comes at Night is technically accomplished-in fact it looks exactly like a film that made the most of a small budget-and the acting is good within the limitations of the roles .
Scored intensely and photographed vividly , the electric film imagines a small slice of doomsday with horrific believability .
Not really sure - even after seeing the movie - what `` it '' is and why it comes at night . Low budget boring .
`` It Comes at Night '' is one of the most vexing and discomforting experiences witnessed since `` The Snowtown Murders . ''
It 's not a sexy apocalypse , with a disease that transforms everyone into really cool zombies . It 's just death . And it 's not an easily managed `` Doomsday Preppers '' scenario solved by bulk foods from Jim Bakker infomercials . It 's just doom .
The capable cast can only do so much to disguise the thin , predictable , paranoid survival thriller they 're trapped playing out .
Despite what the film 's marketing says , it 's not a horror film , and it does n't function well as one . But it is a pretty darn good dark psychological thriller .
Texas prodigy Trey Edward Shults creates a Night of the Living Dead for these paranoid us-against them times .
More than a big-picture , end-of-the-world drama , it succeeds as a grave - and highly confined - journey through desperate emotional states .
... at times , literally crackles with claustrophobic tension .
It Comes at Night is the feel-bad movie of the year . I ca n't help but feel as if audiences are going to hate it . And I ca n't blame them if they do .
Midway through `` It Comes at Night '' you might wonder where it 's headed , and it seems Shults may have asked himself the same question . It 's a breathless thriller that will leave you gasping until it finally runs out of air itself .
This is the thriller equivalent of setting the timer on unnerving and letting it simmer for 97 nerve-wracking minutes .
Slices into the darkness of every scene with a razor 's edge of finely calibrated suspense , tension , grief , paranoia and primal fear .
In a summer full of cacophony and bluster , It Comes at Night sneaks in and grabs with sharp claws , if you open yourself to it .
That 's the genius of ` It Comes at Night `` s ambiguity : its horror is widely applicable , and its title both makes a promise and asks a question -LRB- What is `` it , '' and why is it coming ? -RRB- that it does n't answer . And , frankly , it does n't have to .
Throughout its brief 97-minute run time , It Comes at Night seems to be building to something that simply is n't there . If movies were still shown on film , you 'd swear the final reel was missing .
In the absence of such answers , or the intimation of such answers , or even of characters in pursuit of answers , It Comes at Night begins to seem thin , a torment without purpose .
It Comes At Night will be too dark and grim for a lot a viewers , but those of you that are into such dark arts will revel in just how pulverizing and unnerving a ride it is .
Shults has crafted a very admirable and challenging piece of cinema . But it 's also one that enthralls while never truly ensnaring the audience or their fears .
-LSB- A -RSB- spare but savage horror movie ...
For those who acutely empathize with the ravages of grief , Shults has delivered a film more horrific than any boogeyman or ghoul in recent memory .
It 's grim , bleak , uncomfortable and certainly no fun -- but performances are excellent and Shults ' atmosphere of soul-corroding terror is hard to dismiss .
Mr. Shults does n't jolt the audience with false scares or showy plot twists . He builds up the dread with ruthless efficiency and minimal gimmickry , relying on and refreshing some of the oldest techniques in the book .
But it 's the depiction of the loneliness and resignation in the surviving few that resounds the loudest , even when Shults 's now-trademark minimalism becomes a hurdle he ca n't overcome .
It Comes at Night is not an easily watched time at the cinema , but through its perilous devastation and mood is a rewarding and valuable time , spent with your own anxiety and the lump in your throat that you try to choke down .
Shults builds an effective atmosphere of mistrust and dread , with even the slightest hint of deception eating away at the fragile alliance among the characters .
As he did in `` Krisha , '' Shults avoids the conventional trap of exposition , relying instead on his striking command of the medium to evoke the inner life of a family under extraordinarily bleak circumstances .
To my mind , It Comes at Night traffics in a fatally depthless cruelty .
I 'm hard-pressed to think of a recent movie that 's as uncomfortable and disturbing as It Comes at Night .
It Comes at Night shows that no matter how much you can prepare for the worst , no one is ever actually ready for it .
It Comes at Night works best in the moments when it drills down into the social dynamics of the six survivors .
For much of its brisk running time , `` It Comes at Night '' teeters between delicious atmosphere and almost unbearable tension .
Edgerton and Abbott are so locked into their diametrically opposed roles that they cancel each other out , while Ejogo and Keough only exist in mutual counterpoint .
This may be a film about the end of the world , but ... It Comes at Night tracks something akin to a domestic apocalypse .
The film creates authentic tension out of unanswered questions , and that works until you realize that none of the questions will be answered , and that is a frustrating disappointment .
Writer/director Trey Edward Shults is a dab hand at creating an atmosphere of uncertainty and menace and does a fine job of showing how people disintegrate under duress . The performances are very convincing here .
It Comes at Night intends to be a cautionary tale about the corrosive , terrible power of fear , but its isolationist bent and thinly disguised xenophobic message also feel creepily and politically prescient .
Shults follows up his excellent Krisha with a movie that solidifies him as a director I will follow consistently . He plays with darkness and claustrophobia onscreen , but also makes his characters deeply human and relatable .
Harrowing , visually striking , and almost too on the nose for the current sociopolitical moment , It Comes at Night is one of the best films of the year .
The superb cast does a wonderful job of keeping us guessing as to everyone 's motives .
Taut , smart , intense and genuinely scary , Trey Edward Shults 's It Comes at Night fulfills the promise , and then some , of the filmmaker 's 2015 debut feature , Krisha .
It Comes at Night is very close to a masterpiece . Enveloped in dread and oozing with tension , it 's one of the great recent studies of the fear that comes from a desire for survival .
Although It Comes at Night is n't quite as striking or as intelligent as it wants to be , it 's enjoyable and there are definitely a few scenes that will keep creeping you out until late into the night .
Heavy on mood but light on ideas , this is the sort of movie that equates ambiguity and draggy pacing with seriousness .
Shults has both the instincts and the technical facility to make pretty much any kind of atypical picture he wants .
I would n't want to watch Trey Edward Shults ' It Comes at Night alone . Unless you 're a particularly sturdy soul , I would n't recommend that you do so either .
This is a journey designed to leave you saturated with rawboned terror and despair . It wants us to consider our values in this world and contemplate what might follow . In that harsh mission , it is powerfully effective .
Shults ' film , which he also wrote , is a model of nightmare minimalism , trusting the audience to use their imagination to supply their own , patently more terrifying , idea of what the hell is shrieking out there in the forest .
I kept wanting Shults ' film to add up to a little more in the end . Still , his chops behind the camera are undeniable . I ca n't wait to see what he does next .
It Comes at Night is a masterpiece of subjective storytelling .
It 's challenging , artfully made work from Shults , requiring those electing to see it to relax some expectations as the movie endeavors to unnerve , not shock .
The tension Shults builds is incredible , nearly unbearable in the most-satisfying way .
`` It Comes At Night '' is a harrowing , horrifying effort told with brute conviction , a quivering meditation on grief and alienation haunts you to the brittle bone .
a modern , post-apocalyptic spin on the 1961 Twilight Zone episode ` The Shelter . ' Shults ' film , though , is far more unnerving , its twist more ironic and devastating .
It Comes at Night may disappoint some hardcore horror fans with its artful avoidance of genre pleasures , but its grim , tough-minded dystopia will prove hard to shake for many .
The rawness of ... emotion translates to a palpable intensity , with the fear of losing those closest to you , either through death or through betrayal , smothering the film like a wet wool blanket .
The final scenes are both ambiguous and terrifying , and they left a preview audience as shaken as any I 've seen .
It is one dark and downbeat mofo of a movie .
An intense psychological thriller , slow-boiling and unsettling .
An effectively creepy and at times gut-wrenching take on the pandemic genre .
You want horror that screws with your head ? This is your ticket , a haunting story of two families surviving the postapocalypse proves there 's a major new filmmaking talent in town , Trey Edward Shults
Once again , Shults demonstrates his extreme resourcefulness as a filmmaker , wringing blood-curdling tension out of controlled camera movements , creative practical lighting , and a red door .
It 's the minimalist apocalyptic nightmare we never knew we needed , and a master class in lingering , universal fear .
A savvy riff on our current cultural anxieties .
As minimalist horror movies go , this is pretty effective .
It Comes at Night is emotional , haunting dystopian horror that will leave you shaken .
Trey Edward Shults 's nerve-shredding domestic thriller joins the rarified company of Cormac McCarthy 's 2006 novel The Road and the handful of intimate post-apocalyptic scenarios that puncture through to our deepest fears .
A soul-crushingly dark examination of human nature amid an invisible and unnatural threat ... impossibly tense
Shults ... is a good filmmaker who knows how to get the most out of a limited budget and a stale situation .
Conjures an unsettling aura but does so at a deliberate tempo where its characters ' emotional journey and insular world takes precedence over predictable genre tactics .
With all of Shults ' dark-night-of-the-soul mood manipulations , the film promises more than it delivers . Its buildups are impressive , but in the end its frights are mild .
It 's bleak , man . It 's bleak .
Stressful , dark , and emotionally exhausting , It Comes At Night is a truly haunting experience , and I still ca n't get the very last shot out of my mind .
Small , vivid moments , squeezed into a small physical and dramatic space , then tightened with a vice of suspense and dread .
Trey Edward Shults is quickly ascending the ranks of the best young directors working and this will only further cement his rising status .
The details in this post-apocalyptic chamber drama - flat-out horror this is not - are spare , an initially refreshing decision that ultimately results in a rather empty , half-formed narrative .
Shults , in only his second feature following his splashy debut with the family psychodrama Krisha , stylishly and effectively builds tension and mystery in this stripped-down experiment that crescendos occasionally into the stuff of nightmares .
As in -LSB- his first film -RSB- `` Krisha , '' the most fraught and dangerous relationships are those of family and those who purport to be friends . For all of their flesh-eating ferocity , zombies wo n't lie to you or play games . Only the living do that .
Often scarier for what it does n't say or show , which may also make it somewhat frustrating , since you 're never sure exactly what 's happening either .
A well-crafted , albeit entirely bleak exploration of paranoia and fear .
While there is an underlying existential anxiety to the whole thing , there 's not enough pizzazz to either the visuals or the dialogue to make It Comes at Night worth going to see in the theater .
You see it to jump in your seat ; you wind with something even freakier : you get to watch what it 's like to live when life is no longer worth living .
It Comes At Night will divide horror audiences , but that does n't stop Trey Edward Shults ' deadly-tense doomsday thriller .
There 's truly not a wasted moment in this film , which is astounding for such a young director .
A nightmare within a nightmare
There are no zombies in the streets , boogeymen in the basement or witches in the woods -- and yet it is one of the most terrifying films in years .
This modest science-fiction thriller brings the hands-on vigor of independent filmmaking to a high-concept premise , but the results are insubstantial and impersonal .
Whaddya expect to happen in a scary , spine-tingler with such a big hint in the title ?
Just as Trey Edward Shults withholds the `` it '' of the title , he never attempts to justify the escalating paranoia of his characters .
The tension is beautifully modulated and powerfully deployed in It Comes At Night , the expert sophomore feature from Krisha writer-director Trey Edward Shults .
The film confirms that Shults , working again with DP Drew Daniels , has a sure and fluent grasp of cinematic storytelling , his stripped-down narrative pulsing with dread and emotion .
The movie is a close-quarters psychological thriller built artfully and honestly , from the ground up , with more of a nod to early John Carpenter than mid-period Danny Boyle .
The decisions the characters make throughout the film are deeply rooted in who they are , not strictly because this disease forces them to make that choice , and that makes It Comes At Night an all-consuming and deeply disturbing film .
The film , like its director , offers no answers , nor does it need to . It 's an unnerving , masterful piece of horror filmmaking .
Once again , Shults has delivered a top-notch psychological thriller .
Shults 's film is many things-heart-wrenching , paced to perfection , a masterclass in visual storytelling and genuinely terrifying-but that nothing about it feels beyond the grasp of what Shults wants it to be , of what he knows it can be .
The payoff is big , and the journey is never less than absorbing , and this , along with GET OUT , proves that horror as a genre for legit A-level work is back in full-fo
Devastating . A nightmare of paranoia and mistrust .

@highlight

It Comes at Night makes lethally effective use of its bare-bones trappings while proving once again that what 's left unseen can be just as horrifying as anything on the screen .