But when all is said and done , Maggenti 's film transcends mere lesbian angst and offers some food for thought to lovers everywhere as they dance , sing or fornicate around the scary subject of commitment .
Fresh Manhattan locations prove as photogenic as the leads , and the supporting actors -- especially Tina Benko as a glacial , impeccably dressed amazon -- do n't miss a beat of Maggenti 's snappy dialogue .
It 's amiable enough but there 's nothing on show to make it stand out from the average rom-com .
Puccini is the joyously refreshing romancer that it tries so hard to be . Its success has a lot to do with its casting directors who have peopled both the major and minor roles with aplomb . Even off-off-Broadway legend Helen Hanft has a cameo .
Thankfully , Puccini for Beginners is n't quite as exploitative as you might expect for a movie about a bisexual love triangle . But that 's about all the credit this flat-footed , would-be screwball comedy gets .
Beware the indie screwball comedy that uses opera as a metaphor and lives in that dreamspace between Greenwich Village bookstores and the characters ' belly buttons .
Maggenti has fun messing around with gender and sexuality stereotypes as well as relationship roles , and strives to hammer home the point that both men and women can devolve into comically clingy wrecks .
-LSB- Actress -RSB- Reaser is no slouch in the emotionally befuddled whirlwind department . In the end , it 's all la dolce vita no matter how you look at it .
... flickers with good intentions , but the final result is flat and featureless ...
When a script that considers itself smart , sassy and even intellectual comes across as juvenile and dopey , what went wrong ?
Reaser really does n't stand a chance . She 's plucky as heck , and you like her despite the script , but she ca n't save the movie .
There is pleasure and even insight to be had in Puccini but it all feels second-hand , and therefore , of questionable provenance .
Puccini for Beginners does n't quite make it as romantic comedy . Most of the elements are in place , but the characters seem too narcissistic to fall in love and too broad-brush to be authentic .
Has a likable smartness to it ; like a good Woody Allen film with a gay twist .
-LSB- Director Maria -RSB- Maggenti tries hard to be snappy and smart but the tossed-off repartee sounds off-key and behind the beat .
It 's no fun to sit through the movie 's retread Woody Allenisms , including postmodern repartee among the self-absorbed or giddily neurotic and passing strangers suddenly given to ironic Greek chorus-like commentary .
If you 're willing to veer away from your more traditional romantic comedies , this is worth watching .
Puccini for Beginners is littered with witty dialogue , although some of it is so obviously scripted that it can become off-putting .
An engaging romantic quadrangle .
There 's a drag on this film , and that 's the character of the protagonist , Allegra . She 's just not a nice person , which could have been OK , except it seems as though she 's supposed to be .
It may not be the real world of New York , or even of most relationships , but it 's worth a visit .
Proving that a movie called Puccini For Beginners actually can be as deeply pretentious as its title implies , Puccini For Beginners attempts to pick up the torch once carried by Woody Allen for the romantic comedy of ideas .
The movie offers a charming view of a small-town Manhattan where strangers constantly give Allegra romantic advice . Though that device is a little too indebted to Woody Allen , at least Maggenti does Allen a lot better than Ed Burns .
A more apt moniker would be Romantic Comedy for Dummies .
This is billed as a comedy and there are some very funny moments . The writing is crisp and believable .
I felt at times I was watching a melange of ` Scrubs ' , ` Sex in the City ' , and the sensational Ethan Hawke/Julie Delpy tandem of ` Before Sunrise ' and ` Before Sunset ' .
Sexual identities and attractions may blur , but the rules of romantic comedies must be strictly followed .
A mostly agreeable comedy of the screwball sort , enlivened by some good acting , smart dialogue and an impassioned desire to stretch viewers ' notions of lesbian love beyond what they see on Desperate Housewives .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Maggenti offers a cute variation on the classic Hollywood ` comedy of remarriage . '
If Woody Allen were a young , attractive gay woman , he might make something like this , or so Maggenti hopes . But it would probably be funnier , and it would definitely cut deeper .
Painfully pleased with its own cleverness , of which there is n't much ...
The filmmaker 's niftiest trick is in making a group of neurotic , self-involved , overly verbal people so engaging .
A sharp-witted romantic comedy that takes the old Woody Allen screwball style and mood and amusingly applies them to a story about tangled gay and straight relationships in modern Manhattan .
Pretty much epitomizes pseudo-intellectual . It 's crammed with articulate , well-off literary types who never actually sound like they know what they 're talking about .
For fans desperate for a funny new romantic comedy , and willing to expand their definitions of just what a date movie might entail , Puccini for Beginners offers a good 101 introduction to the genre .
A number of scenes in the film are charming and engaging , with a genuinely unforced lightheartedness , and that takes more than a little expertise on the part of Ms. Maggenti , as well as her cast and other collaborators .
Real pleasure comes in small , refreshing doses in Puccini for Beginners .
Disappoints somewhat but is still worth a look .
A spiffy romantic comedy with an appealing and sparkling performance by Elizabeth Reaser .
One of the best lesbian-themed comedies ever made .
Reflectively transparent , inconsequential and slightly contrived in the same-sex love entanglement sweepstakes . Sadly , Maggenti 's tepid romantic comedy gets lost in the perfunctory shuffle .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Maggenti is getting better at building characters with distinctive quirks and nuance , but when they open their mouths , they still talk like they 're in a movie .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Maggenti uses too many devices borrowed from movies like Annie Hall and Manhattan to feel remotely fresh .
So it 's not a laugh riot ; it is diverting enough . And it 's fun to watch these performers -- particularly Mol and Kirk -- go through their paces .
Writer-director Maggenti turns in some smart dialogue and keeps things moving swiftly .
Perhaps more problematic than the film 's derivative nature -- with plot points and dialogue borrowing somewhat from Sex and the City and rather heavily from Woody Allen -- is the fact that the film is just not funny .
Snappy repartee with the ring of real conversation is sustained through enough of Puccini for Beginners to make it a rarity .
Granted , there aresome amusing moments , but I can see someone making a drinking game of the DVD -- every time Allegra says `` I 'm a lesbian '' take a swig . Oops ! You 'll be in an alcohol-induced coma fairly quickly .
Rarely have I seen a film simultaneously so good and so bad .
A hardworking screwball comedy that plays like a warmed-over Woody Allen fluffernutter .
As offensive to New Yorkers as it is to men and lesbians
Do n't expect anything life-transforming , but simply a gender-bending , screwball sitcom for the more cerebral demographic .
A Woody Allen devotee , writer-director Maria Maggenti hawks an insular view of New York City where poverty does n't exist to illuminate the grotesque solipsism of her characters .
Yearns to be a bisexual screwball comedy but turns out to be only a simplistic sitcom stretched to feature length .
This film is a charmer : a genuine screwball comedy , set in springtime New York .
More of an extended sitcom than a film , featuring character actors who know the best way to milk a laugh from a line of dialogue or a facial expression .
Light and fluffy but inconsequential , Maggenti 's second feature in a decade is a pale imitation of Woody Allen 's romantic comedies , except that the lead is a lesbian , no bi-sexual , no just confused -LRB- whatever , choose one -RRB- .
A deliriously funny romantic roundelay .
This a fun little film , and one deserving of a wider audience .
Writer-director Maggenti knows her way around snappy , sophisticated dialogue .




@highlight

A Woody Allen-ish film that needs more of the caustic wit expected from the best New York rom coms .