Of course , the three dimensional scenes are a real delight , and the film 's cinematography is a thing of beauty . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
First of all , the animation is nuts . The owls look like actual owls , only with emotions and jokes and magical warrior helmets . Secondly , all the cutest types of owl are included .
... the film employs a staggering array of British and Australian character actors ... who bluster on about nobility and the savagery of war in plummy accents , then take to the skies , with razored claws to tear each other to shreds .
a thrilling and exciting tale that the whole family can enjoy
In an age of `` let 's all get along '' pabulum , there 's much to like in a cartoon not afraid to show its talons .
While it was a delight to look at , it might have been something really special had it had a stronger , more compelling story behind it .
the story 's inherent sense of fantasy and genuinely felt moments of exhilaration ... and danger ... keeps us engaged - for a time , at least
It 's a shame that the painstaking work of the CGI animators was ultimately doomed to failure by the script .
A wrong-headed and milling attempt at a `` final conflict '' tale like the Fellowship of the Ring .
It 's tough-minded and anything but happy .
Only the most saintly of viewers could forgive the film all of its storytelling lapses -LSB- but -RSB- there 's always going to be some stupidly gorgeous tableau to hold your attention .
The repetition fatigue that plagued 300 also weakens Legend of the Guardians , but otherwise it 's an entertaining , action-packed fable
... Legends Of The Guardians is nonetheless an excellent adventure that comes with plenty of heart , spectacle and that welcome darker edge that helps make a family movie great .
This 3-D animated film is for the birds .
Elements of the story drag on longer than expected , but the film is lifted up by its dynamic visuals , exciting set pieces and terrific voice cast .
... a pretty amazing step forward for a major studio work of animation .
Had everything it needed to be unique , but instead it emerges as unmemorable and run-of-the-mill .
... there is no denying those pretty pictures , and they go a long way toward making the movie watchable .
-LSB- The film -RSB- makes an attempt at mystical magic , but it never overcomes the obstacles that the it sets for itself .
full review at Movies for the Masses
Such gorgeous feathery violence .
` Legend of the Guardians : The Owls of Ga'Hoole ' is just as suited to fans of Harry Potter as it is to older children who will want to enjoy this fantasy adventure .
Más allá de algunos logros visuales , la historia no ofrece nada que ya no se haya visto antes , con la contra de que , esta vez , faltó emoción y convicción dramática .
The storytelling is simple and feels a little rushed . Not a classic but a good half-term option for younger children .
The stars of this computerised epic are the Design and Art departments , who provide stunning landscapes , caves and kingdoms , and whose 3D magic is genuinely thrilling .
We 're left with something gorgeous , turgid , and emotionally impenetrable -- less a movie , more an Imax screensaver .
Any kids ' film that features owl zombies , Hitler Youth-esque adversaries and an opening fifteen minutes that evokes Pier Paolo Pasolini 's Salo deserves credit for being ballsy .
Why spend vast amounts of money on fine animation when the script is a baffling abomination ? It 's an owling shame .
It 's all very weird sometimes , but engaging : a nice half-term treat for younger children .
So what if the owls ' beaks look weird and there 's a lot of death , slavery and brainwashing ? This is a breathtakingly beautiful film for courageous kids who are n't afraid of heights .
Spectacular animation and a terrific voice cast go a long way to making this soaring adventure feel much more original than it is .
This is unlikely to win Kathryn Lansky 's antipodean owl fantasy any new fans , but even the bemused -LRB- and confused -RRB- can luxuriate in some grand-scale visual storytelling .
There are a handful of soaring , immersive and at times beautiful fight-and-flight sequences which utilise 3D in the best imaginable way .
Spiritual , inspirational , and adventurous , Zack Snyder 's latest -- while no masterpiece -- is a definite success .
Legend 's ultimate saving grace is that the haunting beauty of those little round faces is assured .
Legend is cute and beautifully voiced -LRB- Sam Neill , Helen Mirren , Hugo Weaving -RRB- but ruinously overlong and only shines during the closing credits which are Struwwelpeterishy sinister .
A curiously humourless affair that never really takes flight .
What might have come alive on the page feels oddly sterile on the screen , as everything is put right there before us in microscopically hypervivid detail and our imaginations are denied the power to soar to their own heights .
Despite some beautiful animation and an impressive voice cast , this is disappointingly slow , with a dull script , a painful lack of humour and a tedious plot that gets bogged down with too many characters ...
I can forgive Guardians all of its shortcomings thanks to the 3D visuals , which had my jaw open wider than a python chowing down on an antelope .
... never quite has the mythic , heroic punch it tries for , but it 's beautiful to look at .
It is n't terrible , but it is hugely disappointing , particularly because it has a nicely established aesthetic and an unusually dark tone .
The storyline borrows heavily from familiar modern mythologies , but Snyder?s gorgeous visuals , the soaring animation and some fierce battle scenes raise the excitement level .
In the competitive realm of computer-animated features , Legend of the Guardians : The Owls of Ga'Hoole is as long and dull as its title .
The film fails not necessarily because of a lack of effort , but because there 's very little heart in this film , and with such a dull plot , that 's really what it needed .
The sketchy visual traits that differentiate the many characters in this avian universe will leave viewers crying `` who , who '' along with the owls .
Legend of the Guardians : The Owls of Ga ` hoole is a shiny , professional piece of work , but not inspiring .
-LSB- T -RSB- he complete lack of a sense of place or of character ... and absolutely no genuine emotional content whatsoever makes this an experience beyond empty ...
Ill-balanced between a younger and older children 's audience . Its unexpected harshness wipes away the appeal of well wrought fantasy .
Very entertaining , with some of the most majestic CGI visuals ever put on film .
The hyper-real artistry of the animation compensates for the somewhat pretentious grimness and the familiarity of such assertions as ` dreams are who we are ... '
Other than cheering the good owls and booing the bad , owls it 's almost impossible to figure out what 's going on .
Grave and heavy from start to finish , Legends of the Guardians does n't really take flight until the glorious battle scene at the end .
The filmmakers have taken prose and turned it into a sweeping visual experience that stirs the very soul
Beautifully animated but the story is much too complex and the violence much too intense to attract children
It takes a certain knack to make a film which has a sinister feel to it without being the least bit exciting but Snyder has done it with this one .
If anything , the filmmakers are probably guilty of trying to do too much in too short a timeframe . If some of the clutter could have stripped away , more magical moments would have been achieved .
It feels as if everybody 's just trying a little too hard to be epic .
I had a lot more fun earlier in the year watching talking toys and fire-breathing dragons .
Zack Snyder brings his visual prowess to the animation medium and soars high with this noble fantasy .
It might represent a new high-water mark in the gleaming precision digital technology can deliver , but the spectacle has a hard time not looking like a bad day in a chicken coop .
Without question , these are the nicest looking hooters you 'll ever see in a movie . Well , a movie with a PG rating .
Sweeping owl fantasy adventure is impressive but intense .
Legends is like a violent video game and the mention of Happy Feet is an obvious misdirection .
Packed with surprisingly intense action thrills , memorable characters and an excellent voice cast , Legend of the Guardians : The Owls of Ga'Hoole is one of the most entertaining films of the year .
The slo-mo shots may be laughably overdone , but at least they allow for a fuller appreciation of the details assigned to every last feather and each clash of the talons .
Every snowflake , feather , and talon is vivid , arresting , and -LRB- apparently -RRB- literally in your face , but the story is not as clear . the striking visuals do not make up for a muddled story with too many characters .
This is strangely awesome stuff , in places , and it 's self-aware enough to include a song by pop act Owl City without turning into full-on irony .
It may be that a whole generation will come to regard owls in the same way as many of us now regard dolphins
Trust your gizzard , sharpen your battle claws and be transported into the magical and spectacular world of owls . The 3D visuals are breathtaking as are the details imbued in this robust fantasy adventure
I felt like I 'd seen this story a good number of times before , this one adding so little new to the equation it at times begins to play like a fantasy-adventure greatest hits compilation .
... suffers from a convoluted and downright confusing storyline that prevents the viewer from connecting to the material ...
A splendid adventure sure to thrill children and fantasy buffs , while leaving everyone else passably entertained .
This is an awe-inspiring adventure that will open your eyes to a fantastic new world .
A Secret of Nimh for a new era ... this time starring owls .
If as much attention had been paid to creating sympathetic characters in an original storyline as was obviously done with the tremendous visuals , this could have been an offering for which one would actually give a hoot . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
PG rating belies the incipient terror of this exquisitely rendered , well-told tale of genocidal ambitions , medieval slashing tools , child slavery , child soldiers and other nightmare-inducers .
The film 's look ca n't overcome all its shortcomings , but it helps them go down easier than its title .
The visuals are absolutely stunning and there 's something inherently awesome about owls fighting in Snyder 's slow-motion . The issue lies within the story and character names .
Snyder and his crew have made a film for an improbably narrow audience -- I can imagine 12 1/2 - year-old boys being enthralled by it -- but they 've made it with such skill and care it 's more a shame than a failure .
Legend of the Guardians is super stuffy . And please - how about a little humor ! A hoot or two could n't hurt .
Brilliant visuals aside , bird-brained jumps litter the plot . E.g. , baby sis ' terrible malady , gl-owl-coma if you will , inexplicably disappears moments later . Talk about your fly-by-night conditions .
If you 're taking your kids , you should know this is n't a kids ' movie . It 's being promoted as `` from the studio that brought you Happy Feet . '' But this is Angry Talons .
Whatever its shortcomings , Legend of the Guardians is sweeping entertainment and a diverting , exhilarating entry in the often lethargically tame genre of children 's filmmaking .
May be a hoot , but for all its pyrotechnics , it fails to soar .
Part of me feels bad for writing this review because everyone involved is trying so hard to make a good movie . They just fail .
Legend is definitely a visually striking film , but next time -LRB- if there is a next time -RRB- I 'll want a bit more behind the pretty pictures .
Visually thrilling Legend , about an idealistic owlet searching for the fabled Guardians , soars on the strength of its gorgeous 3-D animation and stellar voice cast .
After the frightened kids run screeching from the theater , adults may wonder what this vicious flick was trying to teach us . But as a guardian of unhatched spirits , I say : Hoo-hoo-hoo cares ?
The script is merely serviceable and too reminiscent of similar fantasy tales . But kids will instantly relate to the gentle Soren , while watching wide-eyed as he faces each challenge .
-LSB- It -RSB- has some nicely designed animation , and it deserves credit for trying to break the Disney mold of animated critter movies . But there 's mold-breaking , and then there 's weird .
Children with a particular affection for epic tales , no matter how derivative or cacophonous , will probably enjoy Legend of the Guardians .
The wonderful thing about moral absolutes is they need no explanation ... They are also , if held firm to , dramatically boring .
On a visual level , there 's nothing else in theaters like this .
Though visually brilliant and imaginatively conceived , its central story adheres far too closely to shopworn mythic tropes .
But pretty pictures do not a good movie make -LRB- I 'm looking at YOU , `` Avatar . '' -RRB- And `` Legends of the Guardians '' is not a good movie .
Zack Snyder can work wonders with visuals . It 's the scripts that can let him down .
... the film feels like a Disney movie made by Frank Frazetta ... will be warmly well-received by young adventure fans , and that a lot of parents are going to feel very good about having taken their kids to see it .
It 's tempting to give the supposedly family-friendly Guardians points for sheer weirdness , but the story is too much of a convoluted fantasy adventure bore .
Savage and scary with excessive violence , it 's nevertheless got awesome animation and the 3-D adds more than just another dimension , immersing the audience in the fantasy world .
Easily one of the year 's most disappointing releases .
Despite the odds , Legend of the Guardians : The Owls of Ga'Hoole may be the season 's most dramatically compelling and most visually sumptuous animated feature . Who could have predicted that ?
The animation itself is startlingly beautiful , as is the ancient owl world it imagines . The battles are complex and , in true Snyder tradition , heavy on the action .
clearly a movie at odds with itself
The use of 3-D to tell the story brings a great deal of dimension and scope to the story . Some scenes are so photo-realistic , you forget you 're watching an animated film .
Guardians is a fine-looking movie , fully of movement and action , none of it marred by the herky-jerky flickering common to bad 3-D .
After its soaring beginning , Guardians of Ga'Hoole plummets to more generic ground . It 's well-made , but how can you care about its owl heroes and villains when you ca n't always tell them apart ?
The effect finally is to neglect , rather than nurture , a story with potential .
Even if the plotting is hurried and the dialogue is flat , the movie has a lush , detailed look that at least partially makes up for its shortcomings .
Unfortunately , the story rarely rises above cookie-cutter kids ' - fantasy tropes : It 's a standard hero 's - journey story , one that substitutes colorful characters for actual incident .
3D has jumped the shark . Again .
The movie is quite derivative , transplanting the familiar tropes of the fantasy genre onto owls . Still , I liked it well enough to endorse it for smaller children .
The director of 300 and Watchmen takes on something even dumber . -LSB- Sets -RSB- an all-time Hollywood record for number of uses of the word ` gizzard . '
Legend of the Guardians is a milestone for animation and 3D .
A classical heroic odyssey that boasts a spirit similar to that of The Secret of N.I.M.H. , and is enhanced by such sumptuous 3-D CGI it would make Pixar blush .
Incredibly lush animation ca n't disguise a tone-deaf story in director Zack Snyder 's foray into animation .
Snyder has crafted the rare 3-D eyegasm that 's worth the premium ticket price .
Snyder 's wildlife adventure returns him to genius : extreme , dream-like action cinema that expresses his pop-art faith .
Director Zack Snyder is one of the most exciting , unpredictable filmmakers around , and after watching this one , well , you can still say he 's unpredictable , if not always exciting .
Though anything is possible , I seriously doubt that ` Use your gizzard ' will supplant ` Trust the Force ' anytime soon .
Despite the cockamamie premise , the filmmaking by Zack Snyder -LRB- branching out from 300 and Watchmen -RRB- is the best use of 3D animation since Avatar .
A sweeping , grand explosion of animated entertainment , skillfully assembled by Snyder ... a tremendously engaging , inspired movie , and should not be overlooked by family audiences hungry for a rousing change of pace .
Zack Snyder 's films have some of the best opening-credits sequences in cinema ; the unfortunate thing is that there 's always a movie after them .
Classy cast and stunning visuals compensate for a pedestrian script .
Director Zack Snyder attempts to shoehorn his heavily art-directed mayhem into a kiddie-pic mold with predictably ill-fitting results .



@highlight

Legend of the Guardians ' dark tone and dazzling visuals are to be admired , even if they 're ultimately let down by a story that never lives up to its full potential .