Not only is Sightseers a relishable achievement for its devisers , Lowe and Oram , but it enhances Wheatley 's reputation as currently the most refreshingly offbeat and unpredictable director of British crime movies .
Here , Britishness is the horror . And that 's really scary .
A must for cult connoisseurs who take their comedy strong and dark .
Sightseers is everything you could want from a dark comedy infused with horror and is by far Wheatley 's most assured work to date .
It has a levity and self-aware absurdity that makes it not only a different kind of beast , but also another film that marks Ben Wheatley as a young director to keep an eye on .
The film is certainly funny , but the laughs are n't as constant as you 'd hope from a film like this .
Uncomfortably lurching from broad slapstick to dark and sharp gore - often in the space of a single scene - Sightseers adds up to a rather jumbled whole , despite the punchlines hitting as often as they miss .
Devised by acting-writing comedy team Lowe and Oram and co-scripted by Amy Jump , director Ben Wheatley 's professional and personal partner , the movie pokes fun at the social limitations of these lumpen Midlanders without sneering at or patronizing them .
An undeniable treat for lovers of morbid comedy .
It 's definitely not for everyone , but if you can stand the stink of the human condition , Sightseers will linger in the lobes of your imagination long enough to make you laugh .
Would make an apt double feature with director Bobcat Goldthwait 's recent ` God Bless America , ' a similar road trip-as-murder rampage comedy in which people with bad taste and annnoying habits are targeted for ` deserved ' extinction .
Sightseers is a brilliantly grim and reasonably amusing comedy that is also wonderfully unpredictable and constantly pushing unforeseen circumstances .
pitch-black and funny , nearly as dismal as Kill List but played for laughs rather than horror .
Daft and darkly hilarious , but bleak ? Oh yes . Almost too bleak .
It 's not a perfect blend , but Ben Wheatley 's film is different enough - on second thought , let 's just call it what it is : weird - to warrant your attention . Your admiration , even .
It 's usually difficult to find serial killers who are sympathetic and even charming , but this amusing dark comedy does just that without sacrificing its moral compass .
A quick , dry , acidic comedy that will appeal to anyone who likes horror movies or pitch-black humor .
Welcome to My Camp
One of the funniest , and bleakest , comedies of the season .
A British black comedy made in the spirit of `` let 's run with this demented premise till the tank is empty . ''
It 's just not quite funny enough .
What starts out as a sunny , funny getaway soon turns hilariously dark , a fusion of tabloid sensationalism and social satire ... a royal hoot , the funniest British import since ` Shaun of the Dead . '
With a wink and a shrug , Sightseers shows us evil in all its banality .
A brilliant , deliciously wicked , and thoroughly enjoyable road film ...
Bloody good camping trip tale
It 's funny and dark , but it 's also unconventionally insightful and full of heart - or at least the hearts that are left beating .
Darkly funny as it is , the movie has undercurrents of genuine and very British weirdness .
The best way to appreciate this briskly paced sick joke is to view its multiple fatalities as especially pointed examples of slapstick .
It 's the sort of snappy little idea that would probably work better as a short film , but when Wheatley latches onto a concept as big as his talent , I bet we 'll be in for something special .
Wheatley is strikingly effective in his manipulation of tone , establishing a queasy intimacy that only intensifies as the movie progresses .
Wheatley playfully bends genres in this romantic-comedy road movie so we never know what might happen next .
Initially funny and imaginative , but increasingly lazy , unfunny and tedious . It would have worked better as a short .
Director Ben Wheatley is capable of simultaneously embracing both the awkward comedy and creeping horror of Chris and Tina 's voyage into darkness .
What begins as an alert and witty barbed satire degenerates into a senseless bloodbath in the black comedy `` Sightseers . ''
Sightseers homicidal holiday is n't just a pitch-black comedy made with skill , will and brains ; it 's also another demonstration that Wheatley is , to use an all-too-appropriate phrase , going places .
If you are in the mood for a bizarre tale of how to rid the British countryside of some of society 's modern ills - litterbugs beware - `` Sightseers '' should do the trick .
His satirical stab at the traditionally quiet vision of proper England , pointed as much at the monarchy as it is at the Merchant-Ivory generation , is refreshing up to a point and almost always funny , but its sense of agitated hopelessness feels strained .
Working from a script by Ms. Lowe and Mr. Oram , Mr. Wheatley continues in the same bludgeoning , amusingly if dubiously deadpan fashion for what soon feels like an overextended joke .
It may be the satirist 's credo to spare no one , but in Sightseers , no one is spared Wheatley 's smug superiority .
Director Ben Wheatley ... has trumped Bobcat Goldthwaite 's `` God Bless America '' with this British caravan serial killer comedy . . an atypical relationship movie stuffed with nuggets of humor mined from both the characters and the landscape they travel through .
Sightseers is a jet-black comedy that understands exactly how absurdist it is , and its murders are always played for laughs-aided by their gruesome depictions .
The film proceeds with a lazy , sketch-like feel that makes more sense after considering that these characters began on stage ; the material was reconceived as a movie after a TV pilot failed to ignite .
Lowe and Oram have been living with these characters for years , and it shows . The acting is very funny and well-observed .
Shocking in all the good ways , supported by two fantastic performances from Alice Lowe and Steve Oram ... Sightseers is a legitimate doozy .
Like the slow-cooking version of a road comedy , yielding tasty results thanks to the craft and patience of the filmmakers .
A morose , unsettling blend of pathology for sport and murder for laughs .
A sick gag of a film that 's bound to scar only the irony-challenged .
This sardonic depiction of Britain , as a land where a thin veneer of strained politesse and fussy specificity of tastes masks a throbbing heart of darkness , makes for Ben Wheatley 's best film yet .
Blacker than the La Brea Tar Pits director Ben Wheatley 's dark comedy , about a couple of serial killer lovebirds , is an exquisitely funny movie .
Ben Wheatley 's latest film delivers horror in the most unexpected ways , but that would n't be possible without a darkly enjoyable script and delightfully unsettling performances by Alice Lowe and Steve Oram .
Sightseers is not worth seeing at all .
SIGHTSEERS is a wickedly funny , brutal little film , one with crushed skulls and huge laughs and a dreadfully clever use of Gloria Jones ' original version of `` Tainted Love . ''
Lowe and Oram get along with wonderfully neurotic chemistry , making it easy to root for them in spite of their newfound bloodlust .
It 's neither grounded enough to be genuinely horrifying nor over the top enough to be nastily fun .
Wheatley remains a master of infusing the mundane with overtones of dread .
Sick , weird and very funny , it 'll be fascinating to see what other genre mash-ups Wheatley has in store over the coming years .
Ben Wheatley has quietly turned into one of the most interesting voices in English film right now .
... Merciless and unforgiving at every turn , thoroughly British , creepy and beautiful even in the gloriously demented details .
Very British blend of quirky character-comedy and homicidal violence has all the makings of a midnight-movie cult classic .
Deftly directed by Ben Wheatley -LRB- whose fright-fest Kill List is a must on DVD -RRB- ... the film is careful not to make light of violence , using comedy to sharpen its sinister edge
A work of inspired comic genius that shows Lowe and Oram as faces to watch . It also confirms , again , why Wheatley is one of the most fascinating talents working in film today .
A one of a kind movie from one of the most exciting new directors around , equal parts hilarious ; disturbing and wonderful .
The sheer and utter Englishness of the characters and the circumstances in which they become serial killers has a certain understated Gothic appeal in this story of two new lovers on the road , not only black in a comedic way , also grounded in bleak drama
Director Ben Wheatley well captures the nuances of the quirky relationship between Chris and Tina , as they surmise that if shortening someone 's life reduces their emissions , murder must be green
Director Ben Wheatley 's uncompromising style fits the deadpan humour perfectly but despite the movie 's comic tones , the characters are still so unappealing that the movie 's overall nature proves restrictive .
Wheatley cannily wraps things up in an appropriately ghoulish but oddly poignant way before the film has a chance to outstay its welcome .
Weirdly moving .
The result is something like a heterosexual Carry On film .
If you like your bloody gore to be mixed with laughs , you are going to love Sightseers .
Indecently funny , delightfully eccentric and far bloodier than you 'd expect ...
Brilliantly funny and perturbing ...
Director Ben Wheatley invests the material with a uniquely unhinged druidic tone that falls somewhere between Hammer evil and Nuts in May 's celebration of all things naff .
-LSB- A -RSB- s relentlessly vicious as Kill List , -LSB- but -RSB- goes so insanely in the other direction when it comes to comedy -- and when it comes to a self-awareness of the dark humor often inherent in tales of brutal bloody murder ...
Even by Ben Wheatley 's genre-busting standards , this film is a triumph , centring on comedy and romance in a road movie about two violent serial killers . After the terrific Down Terrace and Kill List , we probably should have expected as much .
A deliriously dark and gloriously bloody crime comedy , Sightseers is a wonderfully eccentric film that delivers twisted humour at some British landmarks .
Does for caravanning what Deliverance did for canoeing .
There are a few laughs ; a few wise nods . But before the end fatigue arrives and does n't go away .
If nothing else , it 'll make you think twice about dropping a Cornetto wrapper on any English heritage site - or not without checking over your shoulder first .
Sightseers plays out like a trainspotters ' Badlands .
It 's a wickedly funny comedy-horror , subverting the rose-tinted view of traditional rainy British bank holidays with a dark vision of resentment festering in the mind of the apparently mild-mannered geek .
Hugely enjoyable , almost painfully funny British comedy-horror that strikes the perfect balance between laugh-out-loud humour and brief bursts of gore ...
For all the miles its nerdy murderers rack up in their caravan , Sightseers does n't really go anywhere .
Wheatley 's film serves as a black-comic state-of-the-nation address .
-LRB- ... -RRB- like their black Volvo and white Abbey Oxford caravan , -LSB- Chris and Tina -RSB- seem to be inseparably stuck together in a bizarre kind of tow-bar heaven .
Inevitably , it loses momentum as the premise runs its course but for a good part of the journey this road movie offers disturbingly good fun .
At first Father Ted cute , but then League Of Gentlemen cruel - a combination that Wheatley never lets curdle - this is a dark little delight .
Sightseers is a true gem : hilarious , original and uncompromising , it 's a film you could n't imagine being made anywhere else , by anyone else . So wonderful it should be preserved by the National Trust .
A diverting , enjoyable but not entirely successful experiment , and a minor film from a major director .
The ` romantic comedy ' is possibly the most lifeless of all modern genres and Sightseers gives it a literal blood transfusion . Cultdom awaits .
Sightseers achieves the relatively rare feat of striking the right balance between sharply observed characterisation and jet black humour that takes it beyond the absurd .
Wheatley has infused much of the film 's midsection with a meandering feel that only grows more and more problematic as time progresses .
Like Mike Leigh meets NATURAL BORN KILLERS . Another gem from Ben Wheatley .
A satirical , bloody road trip comedy in the heart of Mike Leigh country .
Think Natural Born Killers set in Yorkshire . Only much , much funnier .
The film 's narrative concerns frequently play second fiddle to the utterly convincing relationship at its centre .
A wicked little pic in which a tacky couple discovers that cross-country road-tripping makes it surprisingly easy -- and fun ! -- to knock off the more obnoxious characters they encounter en route .
There are inevitably reminders of Ealing comedies around and we are never quite certain whether it is all tongue-in-cheek , as the actors suggest , or a bit more spiky than that , as Wheatley 's work implies .
Lowe and Oram 's script balances nimbly on the thread of razor wire between horror and farce ...
Reservations are offset by the absolute confidence and visual style that Wheatley always shows .
Sightseers is a blissful bit of dark , funny and at times very bloody entertainment .

@highlight

Director Ben Wheatley and writer-stars Alice Lowe and Steve Oram deliver a wicked road trip movie that successfully walks the line between dark comedy and horror .