Julian Schnabel 's first film since Before Night Falls is a gorgeous , canny , and sensual adaptation of a most unlikely story .
An inventive , challenging , at times emotionally bracing film , audaciously staged and laudably anti-clichéd in its character particulars , yet destined to be more admired than beloved .
Julian Schnabel and cinematographer Janusz Kaminski fundamentally retool the template for the biopic to create one of the greatest portrayals of the mind 's eye ever put to film . A discomforting but inspiring struggle for one enduring , final expression .
This uncommon story about an uncommon man is gentle , it is patient , it is compassionate and -- from a technical standpoint -- it is stunning .
Triumph of the human spirit to the Miramax , predictable in its crowd-pleasing , middlebrow vulgarity but with a few inventive , free-floating passages
-LSB- Schnabel is -RSB- drawn to the plight of the imagination struggling against limits , and Bauby 's Beckett-like extremity has inspired his best film to date and the best film of the year .
Una película realmente conmovedora que logra trasladar a hermosas y sugestivas imágenes la experiencia real de un hombre paralizado física aunque no mentalmente .
Movies are a lot more than a bunch of pictures , no matter how ravishing , and the strong cast is key here , especially the three women who dominate Bauby 's life .
What 's fascinating is that it is the very restrictions the story imposes on a director that allow Schnabel to turn it into such an eerie stunner of a movie .
Of all the movies generating award buzz this season , The Diving Bell and the Butterfly was the most surprising to me and perhaps the most special .
The film is certainly rich in imagery , and its immersion into the subjective is a daringly successful conceit , but it never quite pulls all the pieces together .
Nothing in director Julian Schnabel 's career so far has anticipated the sweetness , sadness , maturity and restraint of this lovely movie .
How does an actor act when he can use only one eye ? You 'll have to see the film to find out , but rest assured that there are sufficient flashbacks to give the remarkable Mathieu Amalric a chance to use the usual actor 's tools as well .
The Diving Bell and the Butterfly is one of the best movies of 2007 , but I 'd argue it 's also the one most in tune with what this season of goodwill and tolerance is supposed to be all about .
An emotional tour de force that is simply stunning all around .
The camera techniques used actually give the audience just a hint of what it must be like to live with a fully aware mind , and one working eye .
Diving Bell is modishly slick , visually inventive and vaguely immaterial but ultimately moving because , well , how could it not be ?
Um testamento profundamente tocante da força do espírito humano .
Delves into the horrific destiny and triumphant creative , if not physical struggle of this French celebrity , whose stroke left him completely paralyzed save for interior silent monologues , and the furiously blinking eye of this ill-fated ravaged cyclops .
Amalric 's performance is selfless and accomplished .
Thanks to wonderful direction , editing , and cinematography , Schnabel convinces us of this perspective with a stroke of brilliance ...
-LSB- A -RSB- s intellectually gripping as it is emotionally compelling ...
Screenwriter Ronald Harwood turns this first person novel into an intensely first person movie . There are times when it seems impossible that a camera could even be present , the surroundings are so perfectly interior to a man . Amazing .
While the result is a stirring homage to the power of imagination , memory and the human spirit , it is also an insightful approximation of the creative process itself .
Lingers long after the lights come up . We can be grateful that films of quiet , unique beauty continue to be made .
In spite of the rawness the film 's subject , Schnabel wisely did n't create a weepy -- far from it . This is a film about a flawed womanizer with little time for his children who comes to face himself by the vehicle of his own memoir .
Taking us from great depths to ethereal heights , this extraordinary true story is an inspiring reinforcement of inextinguishable inner strength and determination in the face of unimaginable adversity
... it is infused with Bauby 's sarcastic sense of humor and engages us with questions of what makes a life worth living .
A poignant reflection on what it means to be alive and , visually , a true cinematic experience .
The Diving Bell and the Butterfly transcends the uplifting movie-of-the-week story through Schnabel 's artful direction and deep empathy .
A deeply affecting film .
An almost excessively beautiful aestheticization of misery .
The unique POV is not a gimmicky technique but a transferring of creative responsibility .
A striking depiction of human courage .
The Diving Bell and the Butterfly is ... a sensational cinematic canvas created by a man who understands the inherent beauty in form , function , and now filmmaking .
One of the most challenging films in the recent memory ... However , it 's definitely worth it to stick with the film .
This is the second best films of 2007 and by far the most moving .
For optimists , it 's a movie proving that where there 's life , there 's hope . Yet for others , seeing that there 's no chance for recovery , this is a real life horror story .
The repetitive nature of the screenplay drags a potentially great 80 minute picture way down .
The most successful of Schnabel 's encounters with cinema to date .
There is something cinematic about Bauby 's situation . Like the moviegoer stuck in a seat in the dark , he can only observe the action in front of him . His comments are unheard by the people who move before his eyes and attempt to manipulate his emotions .
While introducing artistic elements that border on fanciful , the filmmakers also insist on realism , resulting in a film that is always relatable , never sappy .
We never sympathize with Bauby , because , for much of the film , we are him .
... a film about a stranded man that bustles with vigorous energy , an exploration of the oceans inside human consciousness .
The movie 's small powerful moments are worth more than the entirety of your average noble-sufferer weepie .
With breathtaking sentiment , the film masterfully shows how Bauby was able to write the perfect final chapter of his life .
Feeling reduced now to a `` zombie , '' denied what he most wants , sensual pleasures and connections , Bauby is angry and grateful at once . That gap is the movie 's most affecting dilemma , unresolved by its many aesthetic effects .
You 've heard of My Left Foot . Are you ready for My Left Eyeball ?
An exquisite metaphor for the redemptive power of cinema . Without an ounce of cheap sentiment , this true story is as profoundly moving and dreamily beautiful as any film in recent memory .
Paralyzing to watch . At times , you 're just as frustrated as Bauby ; you want him to communicate , you want other people to understand what he is thinking , and above all , you want him to pull through it .
Unlike last year 's acclaimed film , ` The Sea Inside , ' this film does not follow the path to suicide , but rather to a triumph of sorts .
It 's an unthinkable fate , but Schnabel 's film manages both to give us a palpable sense of it and to lead us to appreciate the humanity of it . In that sense , it 's a tale of triumph .
The results are emotionally charged but not manipulative .
You do n't want to blink : You wo n't want to miss a second of it .
Bauby , Harwood and Schnabel are probably the only people who 'll be our guides on a journey like this , and better ones could not be found .
In his brilliant new film , The Diving Bell and the Butterfly , painter/sculptor/director Schnabel -LRB- Basquiat , Before Night Falls -RRB- defies dozens of moviemaking conventions to tell the true story of Jean-Dominique Bauby .
It is amazing that a story as sad as this one inherently is could be so uplifting , but that 's exactly what it is .
It 's a subject and a film that perfectly blends the tragic with the triumphant .
The magnificence of Bauby 's accomplishment as an author is reflected , shimmering strangely , by a film that awakens a trapped life with the kind of poetry only the camera can write .
Steadfastly avoids reducing the notions of perseverance and heroism to convenient catchphrases .
It is a testament to Schnabel 's skill and the power of metaphor that he was able to fabricate a film of such universal relevance from the life of a man whose situation was unique .
the style feels utterly organic ... rigorous yet unforced , always giving the sense that this is not only the best way , but the only way , to tell this particular story .
While The Diving Bell is based on Bauby 's elegant , well-wrought words , -LSB- Director Julian -RSB- Schnabel 's film is so steeped in the visual that it is surely the purest of cinema .
Profoundly moving .
Director Julian Schnabel uses his skill as a painter to assemble a collage of fantastical images to reveal the exquisite physical wreck that Bauby has become .
This genius collaboration between director of photography Janusz Kaminski and Schnabel immerses you in Bauby 's situation so that it becomes your reality .
Engaging , moving , and even has a good message , but it 's also a film that slips in the follow through .
One terrifying scene involves the sewing up of Bauby 's paralyzed eye . He can still out of it but ca n't blink to lubricate it . The scene 's as scary as anything in a horror film .
A remarkably fluent and genuinely uplifting picture about a paralyzed man ... no solemn , calculating tearjerker but a marvelously rich and fluid evocation .
-LSB- Director Julian -RSB- Schnabel is n't going anywhere astounding in this film ; it is , after all , about a man who ca n't move . But he is exploring the vast potential of both imagination and spirit .
It would be inhuman not to empathize with the actual man 's plight , but the movie is a sophisticated prod , pushing us inside its own Bauby .
It is a masterwork on both an artistic and emotional level .
A film that haunts and inspires .
The Diving Bell and the Butterfly is n't about feeling better about terrible things , but about cherishing imagination as the force that sustains life .
May well be the best movie of the year .
The film is a triumph of empathy .
Left me wondering if Schnabel 's arty efforts were really worth the trouble when the real-life story itself was so moving and did n't need such artificial gloss .
There are some heartbreaking and gut-wrenching scenes , but they 're balanced with beautiful moments and the fact that Jean-Do never loses his sense of humor .
The Diving Bell and the Butterfly may be the most unusual movie experience of the year . And it 's unquestionably one of the best .
A film of rare imagination ; a collage of unnerving images and great artistry .
The Diving Bell and the Butterfly would seem to be the last word in affliction movies . But it goes against that movie formula at every turn and proves to be a unique experience .
The Diving Bell and the Butterfly tells one extraordinary man 's story so well that it reflects vividly on our own .
If a movie about the human spirit does n't do it for you , The Diving Bell thoroughly doubles as a movie about the cinematic spirit .
Here is the life force at its most insistent , lashing out against fate with stubborn resolve . And also with lust , hunger , humor and all of the other notes that this man once played so easily .
It 's a haunting , emotional experience that ranks with the best of the year .
With each successive feature Schnabel 's hand becomes more confident , much more self-assured , the auteur 's painterly eye perfectly suited to bring this uniquely rousing biographical journey to distinct one-of-a-kind life .
Dazzling visually .
Julian Schnabel 's telling of the story is ingenious .
It is wonderful : a rhapsodic adaptation of a memoir , a visual marvel that wraps its subject in screen romanticism without romanticizing his affliction .
... transcends the sappy trappings thanks to Schnabel 's adventurous , virtuoso direction .
Qualifies as a masterpiece of sensual cinema and poetic subjectivity .
Thanks to Bauby 's courageous and honest writing , and Schnabel 's poetic interpretation , what could have been a portrait of impotence and suffering becomes a lively exploration of consciousness and a soaring ode to liberation .
By the end , The Diving Bell and the Butterfly achieves a victory over difficult material , but celebrating that fact does n't preclude recognizing the story is not a natural for movies and remains an uneasy match .
... kind of film that surprises you when the credits roll .
Within ten minutes the film had effortlessly knocked the chip from my shoulder . This is a very , very good film .
-LSB- Director Julian -RSB- Schnabel has an alert , imaginative and unsentimental cinematic eye .
As a writer , I admire it greatly ... As a moviegoer I 'm less certain about the movie 's effectiveness .
The film is so stuffed with visual poetry and moving turns of phrase that it practically takes flight .
Reveals that the human capacity for life , for love , and even for joy is not dependent on circumstances , but is embedded in something far deeper and far more spiritual .
While punishing to watch at times , it 's something you ca n't quite keep your eyes off of .
This is a special motion picture that achieves its higher agenda of doing much more than idly plucking at a few heartstrings .
An intense , maddening , claustrophobic and awesomely inspiring film .
In a perfect match of director and subject , artist Julian Schnabel adapts the memoir by late Elle editor Jean-Dominique Bauby into a compelling and intense look at one man 's experience with locked-in syndrome .
Bauby 's horrific situation , and the purposefully muted reactions of the people around him ... speak for themselves with spare eloquence .
With the help of cinematographer Janusz Kaminski , director Julian Schnabel goes so far toward cinematically capturing the claustrophobic condition of his paralyzed and mute protagonist Jean-Dominique Bauby -LRB- Mathieu Amalric -RRB- that the artifice of his point -
Screenwriter Ronald Harwood has cracked a book largely thought unfilmable and director Julian Schnabel working with DP Janusz Kaminski has created a uniquely visual film about one of the most difficult movie subgenres , the biography of an author .
After I recovered from my initial horror , I was almost able to enjoy the experience of watching this discomfiting , entirely unique narrative .
The picture is so beautiful to look at that it 's practically buoyant .
With the help of brilliant French actor Mathieu Amalric , Spielberg 's longtime cinematographer Janusz Kaminski , and screenwriter Ronald Harwood , Schnabel has made a marvelous film that uses images with as much grace and flair as Bauby used words .
The best parts of the film are when the two men work together , Schnabel providing reams of unconscious images and Amalric commenting on them .
Yes , it 's in French and it 's arty -LRB- in good ways -RRB- - but I promise you wo n't have a more viscerally emotional experience at the movies this year .
In The Diving Bell and the Butterfly , director Julian Schnabel and his gifted lead , Mathieu Amalric , take us on an indelible tour through the highest and lowest points of the human experience .
The film , based on the memoir of Jean-Dominique Bauby , handles delicate subject matter with sensitivity and imagination .
It is the 2000 Belgian drama Thomas Est Amoureux that is really the closest in spirit to Schnabel and screenwriter Ronald Harwood 's masterpiece .
Julian Schnabel deftly sidesteps all the traps inherent in the illness movie genre , creating a stirring movie about a man 's emotional awakening that takes its immobile protagonist on a journey from boyhood to infinity .
Like Bauby 's memoir , Schnabel and Academy Award-winning screenwriter Ronald Harwood 's adaptation is far from a mushy exercise in never-say-die optimism -- it 's suffused with Bauby 's terror and bitterness .
An inspiring tale of one man 's triumph over adversity often devolves into a cinematic cliché , more earnest than truly moving . Thankfully , Diving Bell avoids those pitfalls .
The survival of the human spirit against almost insurmountable odds is nowhere illustrated more clearly than in The Diving Bell and the Butterfly .
The movie has done what those who 've cherished the book might have thought impossible -- intensified its singular beauty by roving as free and fearlessly as Bauby 's mind did .
With The Diving Bell and the Butterfly , Julian Schnabel demonstrates his own imaginative freedom in every frame and sequence .
Tough to watch ? Sure . Worth it ? Absolutely . Perhaps the most inspiring film in many years .
Beautiful , sometimes ecstatic , sometimes blurry , sometimes mournful ...
A small-scale film on a grand-sized canvas : director Julian Schnabel and his cinematographer , Janusz Kaminski , meet the challenge of adapting ... Bauby 's 1997 memoir .
Diving Bell , though uncompromising in its own way , comes across as aggressively watchable .
Butterfly colors inside the lines but it does so with a dandy sense of personal rhythm .
The putative film adaptation reaches well beyond the contents of that book , expanding its philosophical resignation into a grim but beautiful visual poem .
The visual lyricism and irascible humor of Julian Schnabel 's screen adaptation make for a life-against-the-odds drama like none you 've ever seen .
The film is a visual and auditory feast .
Not a movie that you shake off easily -- maybe ever -- and one that makes you want to go out and gulp down every ounce of life you can squeeze into your glass .
The Sea Inside meets My Left Foot .
The Diving Bell and the Butterfly is the most beautiful movie ever made about a man who could only move one eyelid -- almost dangerously beautiful .
Astonishingly beautiful and self-consciously so .
The Diving Bell and the Butterfly keeps opening up , its structure mimicking the awakening of its extraordinary protagonist 's mind .
Tells a real person 's life story so inventively you might forget how rotten recent biopics have been .
-LSB- Director Schnabel 's -RSB- best film yet , a high-wire act of visual daring and unquenchable spirit .
A gloriously unlocked experience , with some of the freest and most creative uses of the camera and some of the most daring , cruel , and heartbreaking emotional explorations that have appeared in recent movies .
The film is a masterpiece in which `` locked-in '' syndrome becomes the human condition .
Stylistically engrossing and compassionate , it 's a testament to the indomitable human spirit .
Astonishingly lyrical and profoundly moving .
The film , aided by Amalric 's pitch-perfect performance , reveals the range of Jean-Do 's emotional life , his anger , joy and wry humor .
Every once in a while , a movie comes along that has the power to change your life -- or , at least , make you feel grateful for the one that you have .
It is a work of art , with no apologies for that word .
An astonishing , deeply moving film , Schnabel 's third film is also his masterpiece , thanks to extraordinary direction , stunning camerawork , a terrific script and an Oscar-worthy central performance from Amalric .
By delivering Bauby 's story in an appropriately straightforward tone , the filmmakers behind `` The Diving Bell and the Butterfly '' prove that engaging stories work best without artificial sweetening .
The remarkable story of a man almost totally incapacitated who creates a best-seller by blinking his left eye is about the creation of art as much as it is the tale of human tragedy .
By turns terrifying and humane and even funny .
Even if Schnabel 's films utilize a rolodex as burgeoning as their film 's visual inventiveness , they still do so playfully and with a sense of the fun of moviemaking that so few films of similar lineage display .
less cloying and superficial than other movies of its subgenre and directed with true showman 's flair .
A claustrophobic and imaginative treat .
A classic in the literature of illness brought to the screen with all its creative juices intact , the film salutes the firepower of imagination as a life-giver and a life-sustainer .
A textbook example of a director prizing himself over his material .
... a film that 's as emotionally devastating as it is engrossing .
Haunting and gorgeous .
As close to perfection as you 'll get for a movie dealing with a subject matter that might seem impossible to handle in an entertaining way .
Schnabel 's visuals are so confident , so moving , that I wished he had truly taken charge rather than being led around by a screenplay that ca n't cut the mustard .
The Sea Inside by way of Lady in the Lake .
From its relentless visual distortion to its wearying parade of Felliniesque fantasy sequences , Schnabel 's film wants you to know that it 's art with a capital ` A. ' It 's also disability porn with a capital 'D . '
Imagine a Spike Jonze-Charlie Kauffman-Michel Gondry-style film but with a warm , beating heart instead of cool , detached hipster irony .
Boasting a beautiful , surreal-like style , this biopic of Elle 's paralyzed editor continues Schnabel 's exploration of misfit artists , begun in Basquiat and continued in Before Night Falls .
An arresting true story and a ravishing visual creation , but the two remain separate entities that do not support one another but get in each other 's way instead .
Most compelling in its attempts to re-create the experience of paralysis onscreen , gorgeously lensed pic morphs into a dreamlike collage of memories and fantasies , distancing the viewer somewhat from Bauby 's consciousness .
Director Julian Schnabel and screenwriter Ronald Harwood have performed a small miracle in adapting for the screen Jean-Dominique Bauby 's autobiography The Diving Bell and the Butterfly .





@highlight

Breathtaking visuals and dynamic performances make The Diving Bell and the Butterfly a powerful biopic .