The montage rolls inexorably forward , pitched somewhere between Koyaanisqatsi and An Inconvenient Truth .
As much as for what it says , the film is important for how it says it , in a manner that is easy to understand and hard to ignore .
A cautionary tale sounding the alarm that we 're close to the tipping point of wholesale ecological disaster , if not already irreversibly past it .
... feels like something we 've all seen and heard before .
A heavy dose of hysteria along with copious scientific data means that , even at 90 minutes , it can feel unwieldy and quite overwhelming . Still , if you 're able to handle the pace , it is in the end , a positive eye-opener .
Too scattershot to land any effective punches .
Well-intentioned save-the-planet doco is dense with factoids but ultimately something of a bore .
While it 's a well-constructed doc , full of relevant information and geared toward those people who still might be fence-sitters on the subject , there 's something missing ... a sense of maddened outrage .
On a subject as grand as the planet , we need expert testimony . That 's what The 11th Hour delivers . Finally . The film 's power is its objective and authoritative declarations .
What is there to say about The 11th Hour ? There 's absolutely nothing wrong with it . It does exactly what it sets out to do .
... deserves credit for passion and good intentions ...
It 's almost an eco-message companion piece to the recent Iraq documentary , ` No End in Sight ' : It relies on the strength and logic of its arguments rather than on appeals to emotion or partisanship to make its points .
... feels soft and flashy , a visual tour of a coming apocalypse -LRB- what 's the story of the polar bear wandering through what looked like a burning garbage dump ? -RRB- that regrettably seems to have no faith in its presumptive audience 's attention span .
It 's not a movie with a lot of answers , but The 11th Hour does push the debate further down the road .
The arguments the movie presents are powerful , necessary and , most importantly , underexplored by an increasingly distracted mainstream media .
Differentiates itself from others in the genre ... by focusing on the big picture .
As a PSA , The 11th Hour is an extremely important work , but as a motion picture , it 's ripe for recycling .
After all the doom and gloom , they do offer rays of hope in the intelligent designs of architects and designers who suggest that remedies may lie in creating eco-friendly structures . The fascinating innovation served up here should have been what the bulk
Felt like a college lecture more than a cinema experience , but is essential viewing .
The 11th Hour presents its argument clearly : Disregarding the planetary repercussions of human behavior , or rather misbehavior , holds tragic consequences .
No matter what time it is in the grand , cosmic scheme of things , The 11th Hour arrives about a day late and an eco-dollar short of An Inconvenient Truth
While there 's the requisite `` you can make a difference '' section toward the end , you 'll still likely walk out with a sense of impending doom , which may be fully appropriate but probably not what the filmmakers intended .
For all its scare tactics , The 11th Hour simply is n't that compelling , and we 're talking about the end of the world here .
The film almost overwhelms the audience with information , throwing out so many facts and figures , and so much footage , that it 's all hard to process .
The movie needed to reflect its own lesson : Less would have been more .
In the end , your reaction to Hour may depend on your feelings about humanity 's collective common sense .
The 11th Hour made me realize that what 's wrong with `` preaching to the choir '' is n't the intention to fire up a political base . It 's the preaching .
The movie is presenting its case in such a uniformly insistent tone , as the directors pile on one voice of doom after another .
Hour , even with its somewhat tedious presentation , has profound ideas to share , and in this naked intent lies a disturbing , chilling tale of a tomorrow we all can avoid through action and some good old-fashioned consideration .
As depressing as the first two-thirds of the film is , the last third is surprisingly empowering and hopeful .
As a call to action , it 's sincere but flawed , and as an inquiry into humankind 's bafflingly self-destructive tendencies , it scarcely scratches the surface .
It 's like sitting through a college lecture and knowing with gripping dread that you 're going to be quizzed on all of this afterward .
Wow ----- who needs horror flicks ?? ` The 11th Hour ' is scarier than anything I 've seen in the theater in a long time .
The movie 's tagline is ` The Hope Is You ' , so if you leave the theater with a guilty conscience , the film has done its job .
The shadowy photography of the interviewees lends an ominous tone to nearly every scene , but what they 're saying is often pragmatic and helpful .
An Inconvenient Truth was short on how to make life better . It rushed through a list of ` what to do next ' offerings in the film 's last few minutes . Here is where The 11th Hour shines .
An earnest , thoughtful documentary .
Consistent with the film 's occasionally hippy-dippy tone , DiCaprio speaks about human beings engaging in a willed ` evolution in consciousness , ' which sounds a little too desperate to be comforting .
There is no room for reason or compelling data in this grossly manipulative and sloppy propaganda flick . The filmmakers are simply out to break you .
If Al Gore 's An Inconvenient Truth was a warning , The 11th Hour is the red alert .
The film lacks both the personality and central figure -LRB- as well as the all-important sense of humor -RRB- that made last year 's similar An Inconvenient Truth so watchable .
It benefits the most by providing good advice and an abundance of well-considered ideas from forward thinkers of all stripes and persuasions who refuse to give up hope .
The filmmakers take pains not to foster fatalistic gloom , concentrating on some of the progressive solutions still available to us .
This movie , for all its noble intentions , is a bore . Rent An Inconvenient Truth instead . Even if you 've already seen it .
The movie says we have to get back to the garden before complacency and ignorance hasten our demise . This is a hard argument to make without sounding kooky , but the documentary is too dire to turn dippy , cheesy , or sentimental .
Even if it becomes little more than a case of preaching to the choir , it 's still a pretty sound sermon .
The 11th Hour is a very good movie , and its message absolutely deserves to be heard ; let 's just hope that in his efforts to escape the media 's attention , DiCaprio has n't situated himself in a place that will not only overshadow his celebrity , but the far
Not too much new or surprising , but aimed at the uninformed , non-believers , if they still exist .
The film 's eagerness to embrace alarmist speculation undermines the basic truths it tells .
... a compelling and sobering lesson in the devastating effect of human industry on the planet . But a lesson nonetheless .
The picture almost beats its theme to death -- the first hour is enough -- but the imaginative designers dreaming up a cleaner future end this Cassandra cry on an upbeat note .
Manages to be serious without being extreme in its message that global warming is no longer something to be debated but addressed and fought NOW .
If it gets people thinking about which light bulbs they buy and their current gas mileage and such , then it 's good to have it in the world . It is , however , a panicky blur as documentaries go .
More concerned with emotionally manipulating the audience than breaking any new ground on the subject matter .
nothing less than a complete rethinking of the relationship between humankind and the planet on which it lives . Complex , challenging , mind-expanding , and sometimes mind-blowing
A sobering look at the astounding changes in our planet over the last generation -- and the bleak future that awaits us if we do n't get our act together .
a film that wraps its message around a hurled brick .
Seeming to cater to the ADD generation even as it tackles a subject of enormous scope , The 11th Hour does n't quite get the job done .
Persuasively damning ... some might say these ideas are still being exhaustively -LRB- though inexplicably -RRB- debated as a political issue , but perhaps the film 's greatest strength is in making its hysterical , activism-now urgencies an emotional issue .
Hugely effective documentary is a terrifying vision of exactly what 's in store if we do n't pay greater attention to what we 're doing to the planet in our blind rush toward ` progress . '
The 11th Hour is slick and passionate , but neither persuasive nor helpful ; it 's a headache of a film directed like an Errol Morris project , but with half the substance . It 's clearly preaching to the choir , but even they may find it off-key .
Challenges us to change our consciousness and transform our lives by living lightly on the Earth in harmony with nature ; offering a road map to a sustainable future , this is one of the most important documentaries of the year .
An unnerving , surprisingly affecting documentary about our environmental calamity -LSB- that -RSB- is such essential viewing .
Much of the data presented here is staggering , in both its simplicity and breadth of impact .
If you get through the first hour without slitting your throat , the cautiously optimistic last third offers some intriguing options .
They let the facts speaks for themselves , not once force-feeding or slamming their opinions down the audience 's throat even if the opportunity to do so is clearly presenting itself .
DiCaprio 's star power probably propelled this film into release , even though Gore has stolen much of his thunder .
Its foretelling of gloom and doom almost make the entire idea of worrying about the global climate change crisis seem unnecessary , seeing as we 're all apparently going to die by our own industrialized hands .
It is unabashedly a documentary of talking heads , but it works .
The 11th Hour is good-for-you cinema in content , shape and form . There are far badder things .
Takes a doom and gloom approach to the earth 's current plight , but also offers a ray of hope and intelligent solutions for making a change .
If you still need an argument about global warming , the documentary -- makes a good one .
A haunting , elegiac history of how human beings have brought the planet to the edge of a precipice , and call upon an impressive array of thinkers to discuss how , and whether , we can avoid the abyss that waits below .
The 11th Hour is ultimately a triumph of redemptive ideas that DiCaprio -- God bless his celebrity -- may finally succeed in transporting from the environmental fringe to the mainstream moviegoing audience .
Unusually undisguised leftism . The scare montages are -- I 'm not making this up -- very similar to one shown in last year 's remake of The Omen .
Debates over policy , resources , and money are and will be shaped by campaigns , images , and celebrities . The 11th Hour understands that , and makes its case accordingly .
Alternately impassioned , despairing , edifying , and hectoring about all the ways humans are screwing up the earth in a death rattle of hubris .
This ai n't bread-and-circuses -LSB- celeb -RSB- infotainment intended to distract us from the very real , very dangerous problems we face as a society . It 's exactly the opposite , and absolutely terrifying .
This global-warming documentary culls information from over 50 experts of many divergent backgrounds to succinctly verbalize the dire crisis of the Earth 's ecosystem , and also provide thought-out solutions .
A cautionary eco-doc so earnest and moth-eaten it should properly be seen on filmstrip during fourth-period social studies .
Timely docu lacks the cache of Al Gore and the visual style of Inconvenient Truth , but thematically , it covers a wider range of socio-ecological issues and also suggests constructive ways , big and small , of how to revise and change our lifestyles .
The 11th Hour , directed and written by Leila Conners Petersen and Nadia Conners , mixes in enough hard science to make the Deepak Chopra New Age flummery less easy to snicker at .
Less imaginatively structured than An Inconvenient Truth and therefore less likely to reach the unconverted , it is still a treasure trove of fascinating facts and ideas .
May be a kindred spirit to An Inconvenient Truth , but in terms of style , tone , and scope , this Leonardo DiCaprio-produced and narrated documentary on climate change is a wholly different beast .
Among recent documentaries questioning the status quo , The 11th Hour takes the most far-reaching point of view and connects issues into larger patterns , culminating in a truly global call for change .
11th Hour presents the viewer with reams of depressing data , loads of hand-wringing about the woeful state of humanity and , finally , some altogether fascinating ideas about how to go about solving the climate crisis .








@highlight

Well-researched and swimming in scientific data , this global warming documentary offers some practical and wide-ranging solutions to our climate crisis .