Compelling Nader docu is n't just for lefties .
... the career of consumer advocate Ralph Nader , in an adoring hagiography ...
This fascinating documentary examines the issues raised by Nader 's runs for the presidency ... that shone a powerful light into our grubby political shadows , and also played a part ... that twice put George W. Bush into the White House .
It ca n't help but remind us that the man Nader prevented from becoming president has since been more instrumental in the war on environmental pollution than any other public figure . Irony abounds .
Ralph Nader gives and he takes away .
... the not-so-subtle message of the movie is that the unreasonableness that gave us seat belts and clean air also gave us Bush , Iraq and the neo-conservative nightmare .
You may walk away from it still wondering why Nader persisted in running for president in 2004 after being repeatedly begged not to . But , whether or not you admire the decision , the film forces you to admire the determination with which Nader made it .
It 's that willingness , even eagerness , to put in such passionate contrary viewpoints that distinguishes `` An Unreasonable Man '' from the usual political documentary .
An Unreasonable Man doubles as both a thinkpiece and a sympathetic portrait of its subject . But like Nader , the film is a little long-winded and infuriatingly single-minded .
The filmmakers present compelling evidence of Nader 's legacy ... but they also let Nader off the hook -LSB- for his role in allowing -RSB- the Bush administration 's dismantling of that very legacy .
This documentary starts out as a fascinating profile of consumer advocate Ralph Nader , but it ends up getting derailed by a political discussion marked by an abundance of whining .
Unlike most recent documentaries , An Unreasonable Man does n't just preach to the choir .
this incisive and often surprising documentary captures a man of true and deeply held convictions without creating a hagiography
-LSB- K -RSB- ind of sad , and kind of telling -- this truly is a man who has dedicated his life to his work , and his work is us ...
The first half of the movie is an absorbing study of this part of Nader 's public life , and then it switches -- as he did -- to politics , where the results for both him and the picture are less cheerful .
An Unreasonable Man pays true homage to a man of vehemently held ideas by forcing us to engage our brains at the same high level of consciousness .
Manages to launch a heated argument between Nader 's supporters and a few detractors .
For most of an entertaining 122 minutes , the film simply tells the story of Nader 's life and chronicles his struggles and crusades .
Despite Mantel 's ties to Rader , the film seems fairly balanced .
A worthy and compelling look at a unique and essentially American figure .
Every time a belt gets buckled or an airbag inflates , the movie argues , somebody somewhere has Nader to thank for it .
Though filled with talking heads and clocking in at two full hours , it 's thoroughly involving , and its two-part structure explicitly balances Nader 's phenomenal career as an anticorporate gadfly in the 60s and 70s with his role in the election of -LSB- Bush -RSB- .
The movie is lively and informative , but -LRB- in ways the old Nader might have appreciated -RRB- it made me feel like arguing with it . Frustratingly , the film avoids as many issues as it raises .
Surely , Ralph Nader deserves better press than he 's been getting ever since the 2004 elections -- and the legendary consumer advocate and so-called presidential spoiler receives his due , from both sides , in the documentary An Unreasonable Man .
By presenting both sides , even if unequally , the film manages to do something like justice to an important if controversial figure .
Eschewing narration or direct questioning , the directors instead employ a vast archive of consistently engaging clips from Nader 's many congressional battles .
Nader haters may not be mollified , but An Unreasonable Man , like its subject itself , is a one-stop civics lesson no one should miss .
A requiem not for Nader but for a time when politics was n't a dirty word ; for that reason it is required viewing for all citizens , concerned or no .
Structured chronologically and somewhat dryly , An Unreasonable Man makes a strong , nonhagiographic case for Nader 's impact : maturing under the influence of a verbal immigrant father .
The film contends admiringly , and convincingly , that Ralph Nader 's authentic sense of outrage is the reason he persists when he ca n't prevail .
What An Unreasonable Man does best is rehabilitate Nader 's career prior to the election and remind us of an unparalleled public-interest legacy stretching over four decades .
The compelling documentary An Unreasonable Man carries the tag line , ` Ralph Nader : How do you define a legacy ? ' but it might just as easily have asked , ` Who gets to define the legacy ? '
An entertaining tour of this endearing , infuriating absolutist 's life and legacy .
A perceptive and beautifully made documentary portrait of Nader .
An Unreasonable Man shows us how one individual , albeit a very special one in Ralph Nader , can change the world .
Shows Nader in all his scuzzy glory . Worth the bucks .
A spellbinding cautionary tale about the dangers of purity and the ugly necessity of compromise and pragmatism .
A substantive and fairly balanced overview of ` Citizen Nader 's ' decades-long rise and sudden , precipitous fall from liberal political grace .
If you can detach yourself from the back-and-forth vituperation -LRB- perhaps an impossible project -RRB- , the Nader story begins to resemble a grand tragedy about the American left .
An Unreasonable Man wears away at preconceived notions , reminding you that , whatever conventional politicians may promise , they do n't move anywhere unless uncompromising people such as Nader keep pulling their lapels and prodding their consciences .
An Unreasonable Man , easy on the eyes and stimulating to the mind , is well worth the two hours plus .
A thought-provoking documentary about Ralph Nader as a zealot for justice , consumer rights , and meaningful democracy .
An unflinching look at the rise and fall of one of the most influential figures of our times .
For liberals , An Unreasonable Man delivers an exciting look back at heady times .
The documentary An Unreasonable Man is an admiring but hardly uncritical portrait of Ralph Nader and his 2000 presidential campaign .
It does vividly capture the ambitious advocate as not just an outsider , but a stymied and stunned political pariah .
If the film shows that few men are as unreasonable as Ralph Nader , it also shows that few have so succeeded in shaping their world : His legacy of progressive legislation will affect generations to come .
Ultimately , Mantel and Skrovan achieve the goal of reminding a generation that grew up enjoying the protections that Nader had spearheaded . But they also frankly acknowledge that the very qualities that made him an incorruptible activist also blinded him .
A good mixture , but it all comes back to Nader 's disputed sainthood and the debate is heavily stacked . It seems easy to like Nader and that 's the problem : There 's no serious conflict .
The film , directed by Henriette Mantel and Steve Skrovan , does a brilliant job of putting his 2000 run for president in context -- to show how consistent it was with everything he has stood for in his remarkable career .
An unreasonable man ? Or an extraordinary American ? Mantel and Skrovan 's partial documentary ends up a complex portrait of a man who is both .
The first hour is so stuffed with gushing accolades from a career of consumer advocacy that it could pass for a long-form political ad for a future campaign .
I did find AN UNREASONABLE MAN informative , a bit infuriating and also a bit tedious . ... Still , this is worth a look for a portrait of a very unique voice in America and American politics .
An Unreasonable Man 's allowance for differing viewpoints becomes a bit of a smokescreen , with the film revealing its true goal of reputation restoration .
Stirring documentary about an unlikely politician , one who puts principles above personal gain .
To the documentarians ' credit , you will leave the film pondering the one big question : did Nader do the right thing to stick by his principles , or should he have held his nose and supported the lesser of the two evils ?
Filmmakers Henriette Mantel and Steve Skrovan sense the inherent drama in such a story of triumph and betrayal , and in their long-winded fashion , they manage to capture something tragic in the unflappable Nader 's uncompromising commitment .
An Unreasonable Man takes the story of a man usually associated with being an egomaniac , megalomaniac and even psychologically disturbed and creates a fascinating account of a man typically known just for rabblerousing two elections .
-LSB- The film -RSB- finds more than enough absorbing material to hold interest through nearly three-hour runtime .
A heroic crusader to some and the spoiler who betrayed the Democratic Party to others , Ralph Nader emerges as a dedicated , controversial and flawed figure .

@highlight

A compelling documentary that humanizes the controversial , polarizing politician .