By the end of the show/film , we learn that Hart is in fact living his dream , yet we still all know that he can only go up from here .
At only 75 minutes long , you question whether the better medium might have been cable TV or VOD and not a theatrical release .
Hart is a great comic - there is no doubt about that - but Let Me Explain reaches a kind of tipping point .
I had a great night out . Unfortunately , I know Kevin Hart can do better .
The laughs are frequent , with Hart 's energy and timing having grown and been honed to more than fill the vast , cavernous space of Madison Square Garden .
I 'd rather attend a Norman Wisdom tribute concert in downtown Tirana than see this film again .
I could have done without -LSB- the -RSB- pointless framing device , but there is some funny and highly incorrect material here .
The less said about the specifics of the act the better -- would n't want to spoil the punchlines -- but Let Me Explain is a notch above Hart 's last concert film , 2011 's Laugh at My Pain .
Kevin Hart 's -LRB- Along Came Polly -RRB- audience loves him , but if you 're not in love yet , this probably wo n't start the infatuation for you .
Hart 's impressive physicality and the background special effects , which become their own running joke , are a smokescreen disguising how poorly written his rambling gags actually are .
I so wanted to be moved to genuine laughter , but it came in only fits and starts .
Once Hart finally gets onstage his act can barely live up to the hype .
The Kevin Hart brand is clearly doing well , but Let Me Explain does n't seem interested in providing anything more than a surface-level presentation of the product .
Hart nothing but a lightweight .
Kevin Hart works hard but is only funny with about 50 % of his comedy routine .
` Kevin Hart : Let Me Explain ' is really a laugh out loud experience that one can enjoy and come back for repeat viewings .
The stories are mainly in the `` b **** es be crazy '' category ... entertaining enough , but we get a sense he can do more .
On the whole , Hart 's material veers toward the lowbrow and does n't quite hit the heights of cleverness , talent , language , or delivery that predecessors like Richard Pryor , Eddie Murphy , and Chris Rock reached .
Kevin Hart is indeed a talented comedian . This is just not his best material .
Any comic who can play the Garden must be good , but you would n't know it from this jumble of random routines and on-the-bus footage .
Hart 's comedy is the product of a brilliant acting performance . He uses his imposing physical and vocal skills to bring a paranoid , apoplectic madwoman to hilarious , side-splitting life .
He is , maybe , a little too frenetic , too frequently at full speed . But when he gets rolling , the laugh lines come quick , one after the other , and he kills .
He tells elliptical stories that go on so long and take so many weird detours that they end up being funny even when they should n't be .
Hart , one of the most talented and successful comedians working today , can make you laugh . And laugh hard . In Let Me Explain , he 's on fire .
We do get a solid 40 minutes of Hart 's new routine , one that shows his transition from underdog entertainer to front-rank , stand-up star .
If you were to judge Let Me Explain purely on its performance portion , filmed at Madison Square Garden during Hart 's 2012 tour , the film would merit a full extra star . But at 75 minutes , it feels too skimpy to rave over .
A very funny showcase for one of today 's top comics .
It 's not legendarily brilliant , but it 's very funny .
Kevin Hart turns his personal pain into comedy and back again in a celebratory performance about his life and work , one and the same .
Let Me Explain finds Hart at the peak of his powers , so the film 's long coronation feels justified , if gaudy . Strip away the preamble and just give him a mic , and he 'd earn it all the same .
Once Hart is on , he 's hilarious ; be warned , however , he takes a long time to get under way .
It packs plenty of laughs , which is ultimately what you want out of a stand-up film .
-LSB- Not -RSB- as strong as such previous dispatches as `` Seriously ... Funny . ''
Hart 's talents get a great pedestal in this film -- once it shuts up and finally lets him take the stage .
A gut-busting effort that will leave you gasping for air , rocking in your seat and holding back tears of laughter .
His fans will love it ; their main complaint may be that it ends too soon .
His energetic stand-up routine at the Garden can be riotously funny . It also can be frenetic and repetitive . More judicious editing would have showcased his talents better .
The film is flat and lazy , and the audio mix is so low it sounds as if the audience is barely laughing . His cable comedy specials have better production values .
Diminutive and energetic , he exudes comedy with every spirited step and elaborate gesture . He 's hilarious , but almost as important , he 's self-aware enough to joke about his own shortcomings .
This frantic energy at times touches on genius , at other times suggests desperation . And the directors do n't do him any favors by the annoyingly frequent close-ups of audience members in convulsions of laughter .
Some of Hart 's set -- including jokes about his security team and an inspired recounting of a disastrous trip to a dude ranch -- is hilarious . And his profane outrage is often funny enough to sell the weaker writing .
A brief , energetic performance of weak material heavily reliant on the Paula Deen word for laughs .
You know he 's still humble enough to remember where he came from when tears can be seen streaming down his face as he takes bows at Madison Square Garden .


@highlight

It 's ironically rather short on standup from Mr. Hart himself , but structural problems aside , Kevin Hart : Let Me Explain offers another example of why he 's achieved mainstream success on his own terms .