As entertaining as it is illuminating .
Less a sober examination of this huge event than an impressionistic swirl of images and sounds -LRB- and , if you use your imagination , smells -RRB- .
Highly recommended for anyone in search of a different answer to universal questions of faith and hope .
Unless you 're utterly fascinated by the minutiae of Hinduism , you may find yourself wishing for more story to this story -- and this film does not oblige .
Instead of being pilgrims ourselves , we feel like we 're sightseers who stopped by on the tour bus to gawk at the locals , take a few pictures , and then hop back on .
The film gives an amazing feel for the complexity and diversity of such a massive event .
Short Cut to Nirvana is a swirl of color , an exotic procession of sights and sounds .
Too scattershot to make a real point about the true nature of a spiritual path .
Sacred subject matter notwithstanding , Maurizio Benazzo and Nick Day 's entertaining film is a surprising spiritual cousin to the so-called ` mondo ' movies of the '60s and '70s .
A documentary chronicle of the 2001 Kumbh Mela , a sort of spiritual Woodstock held every 12 years near Allahabad , India .
Mostly , Benazzo and Day leave us alone to take in the extraordinary sights and sounds .
While this documentary about a religious pilgrimage in India feels haphazard and superficial , the glimpses it offers are never less than fascinating .
An engrossing documentary that vividly presents the variety and vitality of Hindu devotion .
Benazzo and Day can only scratch a monumental , perhaps impossible , surface , but their effort is a worthy introduction to what is more than a single life 's task .
The directors and subjects evince enough contagious ecstasy to gladden the most angst-ridden Western hearts .
A remarkable and enlightening -LRB- although perhaps not to the point of nirvana itself -RRB- film .
Filmmakers Maurizio Benazzo and Nick Day are much more taken with the conventionish sideshow -LRB- there are estimates of these crowds ranging from 30 million to 70 million , making these the largest gatherings of humanity ever -RRB- than the deeper content .
A fascinating look into a world few Americans are even aware of .
A visionary filmmaker could have shaped this , or maybe the Mela is beyond shaping .
Short Cut to Nirvana grants us a visitor 's complete immersion in this carnival atmosphere , all for the price of a movie ticket .
Dismisses context in favor of bizarre sights and sounds . Directors Maurizio Benazzo and Nick Day seem awed by their surroundings to the point of paralysis .
As enlightening a tour of this extraordinary spiritual journey as one is likely to get without a 20-hour plane ride .
There 's a little something for everyone , though not quite enough for anyone looking for spiritual truths to go along with randomly assembled glimpses of a modern-day religious carnival .
Their enthusiasm alone makes the journey one worth taking , even if you never felt much like wading in the Ganges yourself .
Benazzo and Day offer a nice overview on such a colossal event , which gets surprisingly little attention from the Western media .
An amiable and colorful , if dewy-eyed , documentary .
As an introduction to this mind-spinning festival , the film gets the job done .
A snapshot of the festival , one that radiates good cheer and offers moments of true , godly goodness .
Overall tenor amplifies Kumbh Mela 's own atmosphere of tolerance , generosity , and earnest spiritual questing .
The filmmakers do n't ask specific questions about the religious requirements of the various gurus that could have shed more light .
Only the slightest historical information is offered and no spiritual background whatsoever .



@highlight

Short on depth but amazingly insightful , this glimpse into one of the world 's largest spritual gatherings is worth viewing for the eye-opening experience alone .