The movie was never meant to have anything of substance , but rather be a visual treat for the eye . Clearly , it failed
If kitsch mythology and a swords-and-sandals clad Butler along with various bosomy lasses float your boat , it 's passable .
Rob Friedman : What is that supposed to be ? Matt Sazama : Well sir . This is all original . We 've just borrowed inspirations . Alex told us to refer to Mr Butler 's DVDs but Burk got this bright idea at the video store .
Yes , Gods Of Egypt is silly and fairly badly acted at times , but it 's undeniably spectacular , bounces briskly along -LRB- for the most part -RRB- and never , ever falls into the trap of taking itself too seriously .
... None of this garbage makes sense .
... a cheesy sword-and-sandal flick that tries too hard to impress .
Though this movie is about Gods of Egypt , most are hardly seen past the first 10 minutes or they are so thinly written that it 's amazing they were n't consumed by their own character holes ...
-LSB- It 's -RSB- not satisfied with being your average forgettable blockbuster . No , it wants to be something much worse : a big-budget disaster whose existence is meant to lull those unfortunate few watching to sleep , only to shock them awake in a fit of rage .
It was jarring , distracting and hilarious to watch , almost like being in a very sandy fun house .
Not funny enough to laugh at , not pretty enough to look at , and not serious enough to care . Like , `` what the devil were they thinking ? '' bad .
-LSB- Gods of Egypt -RSB- wraps a cheesy storyline within yards of gaudy spectacle .
It clearly seems to have been made with the desire of making something of quality that just fails spectacularly , and there are definitely some unintentionally laughable moments -- actually a lot of them .
Granted , there 's really no good reason for this nonsense to last over two hours ; there 's probably no good reason for it to exist at all beyond garnering Alex Proyas a long-overdue paycheck . But here it is , and it 's actually pretty fun .
It 's a mystery what happened to the movie 's reported $ 140 million budget . The CGI effects vacillate in quality from ho-hum to horrendous .
It 's penned by the screenwriters behind the hopeless Dracula Untold and The Last Witch Hunter , who must be really good in pitch meetings because this is utter nonsense .
While not an outright disaster , this is still as massively perplexing a misfire as any likely to see a release this year .
ny picture featuring Geoffrey Rush channelling King Lear as the patriarch god Ra while flying about in a spaceship ca n't be all bad .
The fantasy film Gods of Egypt does practically everything wrong , from its whitewashed cast to its irredeemably goofy storyline . What a waste .
Return yourself to the mind of a seven - or eight-year-old and Gods of Egypt 's action sequences are diverting but not even in the same universe as the as-good-second-time-around Captain America : Civil War .
The most fearlessly gaudy bad movie in ages .
The only thing that 's epic about this film is how it fails . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An irregular film that works on an aesthetic and musical level . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The downward trajectory of Alex Proyas ' output reaches a new low with Gods of Egypt ...
A film that takes itself too seriously and gives you 127 minutes of the worst cinema has to offer . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A raspy voiceover man -LRB- Lindsay Farris -RRB- announces authoratively that we are about to witness the story of the Egyptian gods ... `` From what I recall it goes something like this . '' What ? Did he just say that ?
Theres no plot or well constructed characters to be seen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Boring , dull and soulless . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The chaotic script is just a mere excuse to create a display of special effects . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A sad spectacle that tries too hard to entertain us . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Alex Proyas 's Gods of Egypt is a deeply stylish and deeply hollow fantasy adventure in which it is hoped that the spectacular visual effects will blind audiences to the absence of a credible storyline .
Unpretentious , fast paced and devil may care tone achieve what the producers wanted . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film designed for those days when you ca n't be bothered using your brain .
Unprecedentedly violent and incomparably preposterous .
Unbelievable .
The film does n't just play fast and loose with mythology , it also besmirches the cinematic legacy that precedes it - chiefly , the inventive ancient Greek special effects creations of Ray Harryhausen .
Plundering ancient Egyptian mythology with go-for-broke abandon , Proyas gives us feuding 12-foot-tall deities , plucky mortals , desperate quests and as much energetically schlocky action as a $ 140 million budget will buy . Good taste does n't get a look in .
This is an exercise in very grand kitsch , a CGI-driven sword and sandal epic in which the dialogue in tin-eared , the performances creak and even the special effects are cheesy in the extreme .
With a massive scale and a digital cast of thousands , this ancient Egyptian romp tries to be both a new version of those 1950s Biblical toga epics and a generous dose of camp silliness .
A summer turkey like no other .
It 's a monument to B-movie CGI extravagance where nothing is taken seriously .
There 'll be better pantomimes around at Christmas .
An Egyptian tale with no Egyptian actors or accents , this is a textbook big-budget turkey full of pointless noise and extravagance .
It 's initially fuelled with its own absurdity , like an ecologically unsafe type of diesel . But there is a falling off after half an hour or so .
It is one of the worst films of 2016 , and while it is entertaining , the entertainment factor is completely unintentional .
It 's utterly ridiculous - and impossible to resist .
`` Ye gods '' is a line you 're more likely to hear from the audience than from the screen in Gods of Egypt .
It 's unclear as to whether it 's the lacklustre acting or mediocre screenplay which is the prevalent downfall within this endeavour , or perhaps it 's just a steady combination of the two .
If you can handle shonky special effects , cheesy dialogue and African deities who sound like they grew up in Paisley , this should be a lot of fun .
Dazzling in the moment , but instantly forgettable .
Although likely to be remembered as a misfire , there 's lots of entertainment to be derived from the oddball mixture of lofty ambition and barrel-scraping comedy .
Gods Of Egypt looks beautiful , and is not without its weird charms , but the stodginess weighs down its silliness and makes it drag when it should soar . All in all , it 's a missed opportunity in many ways .
Summer 2016 has had a high number of shonky blockbusters , but Gods Of Egypt is the worst of them .
A colossal and mind bending fable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Proyas stated that his film was influenced by Lawrence of Arabia , but it plays more like Lawrence of Nintendo , with impersonal -LRB- and often unconvincing -RRB- effects doing their best to bury the campy proceedings .
A big , shiny disaster of a film , Gods of Egypt manages to waste a celebrity cast with over-the-top CGI and an increasingly incoherent plot .
Gods of Egypt is a completely misguided spectacle that suffers from poor storytelling , laughable effects , and a confused tone .
Hilariously , casting white Westerners as mortals and deities of the ancient Nile is the least offensive thing about this crime against goofball cinema .
The sheer amount of digital effects , often poorly executed to the point of distraction , diminishes the feel for atmosphere and the clever reworking of genre that usually marks the features of Australian filmmaker Alex Proyas .
Soap opera melodrama and visual effects wizardry combine in a mythical Egyptian fantasy adventure -- and it 's an uncomfortable mix .
This unfortunate film dearly wants to be Thor set in ancient Egypt , but ... comes up way short of that unambitious aim .
Neither well acted , scripted or designed , and completely lacking in brand appeal , Gods of Egypt is an expensive blockbuster targeted at no one in particular .
I never enjoyed the company of a screaming , out of his lungs , Gerard Butler , yet I can honestly say that he was just as hard to tolerate as everybody else .
Gods of Egypt is no threat to the notion of a fair and representative Hollywood , because , quite frankly , it 's awful and no one in their right mind can take it seriously .
Gods of Egypt is not as epic as we all expected . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An overall aura of unpretentious mytho -LRB- il -RRB- logical goofiness does n't quite compensate for the digital tedium that is the defining aesthetic of this odd sword-and-sorcery would-be blockbuster .
Somehow , all its amassed fuss and bother and cleavage and silliness and more cleavage mostly turns out to be tedious .
The film does not even serve as some kind of guilty pleasure for the simple fact that it is boring . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that somehow goes lower than your lowest expectations . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The result is a hilarious hodgepodge of styles , accents , and wildly varying degrees of success at self-amusement .
It is kind of a guilty pleasure because it entertains without being actually good . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Director Alex Proyas inaugurates the genre : Transformers on sandals . Noisy , chaotic and meaningless . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
$ 140 Million dollar spectacle that follows no coherent storyline but is filled with pointless action sequences with actors from Denmark , Scotland and England - all portraying Egyptian Gods .
A total waste of time and talent ... .
Minor pleasures ca n't compensate for the disappointment of a film that borrows so heavily from other , better , films .
Cheesy spectacle is n't just bad but also violent and racy .
An entertaining and engrossing experience , and one I would have had a good time with during a quick Sunday matinee .
A total waste of talent , with no originality or magic , ironic for a `` fantasy '' film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Entertainment without any bounds , the film never tries to be anything more than that . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sometimes Gods of Egypt has fascinatingly go-for-broke visuals . Other times , 1997 Oscar winner Geoffrey Rush ... glowers on his boat in space between breaks fighting chaos , as represented by a toothy cloud worm .
The film is so ridiculously awful that it threatens to bend back into compelling camp , but the end result is just too excruciating to be entertaining .
Holy Isis and Osiris ! Barely two months into the year and a strong contender for the worst film of 2016 has already appeared onscreen .
If only Gods of Egypt had musical numbers , it might qualify as some kind of twisted classic .
Far behind are the times where Proyas used comic book and noir film aesthetics . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Mildly entertaining but ultimately forgettable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Gods of Egypt '' is an over-the-top , superficial and flashy drama . It 's also a lot of fun .
Imagine a crummy Clash Of the Titans clone , relocated to an up-market men 's - mag version of Ancient Egypt , where the tanning salons and smile-brightening clinics appear to have done a roaring trade .
Kids will be frazzled and bored within the first hour ... Grown-ups will yearn for the innocent charms of a Ray Harryhausen flick , or maybe just a better world in general .
Considering director Proyas is responsible for such a classic as The Crow , the lack of human touch is odd -- the very respectable cast is wasted on throwaway lines and a disturbing lack of tension .
-LSB- Has -RSB- a rampant sense of absurdity that forgiving punters might find divinely funny .
a hellzapoppin approach to special effects such that any initial exhilaration with same is quickly replaced by a moribund sense of exhaustion -LSB- and -RSB- glassy-eyed indifference
It 's with a quiet , sad desperation that one yearns for the doofus almost-charm of a Brendan Fraser movie , but this is where `` Gods of Egypt '' leaves us .
Gods . Superheroes . It 's all popcorn in our eyes - which is n't just a sad tribute to poor Osiris , who gave us corn , it 's a tragic statement on how we consume belief systems as entertainment .
A film that tries to hard to be liked but fails in doing so . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There are bad movies out there ... and then you have something like this . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A visually cluttered catastrophe of a film , featuring multiple action set pieces without even the vaguest semblance of a narrative .
If it was n't all CGI , I would have said I hope they saved the sets for another , better movie .
As bad movies go , this one at least is all-in on its badness .
If one is going to make special effects the focus of a movie , they need to be good special effects , and that 's not the case here . Proyas ' ideas are never fully translated from imagination to screen .
... it 's a spectacular mess that 's shameless in its desire to entertain through sheer , misbegotten excess .
Gods of Egypt gets lost in its own budget , constantly shooting to outdo its visual grandeur but forgetting to lend it any depth . But there 's a mad ambition at work .
This is a special nerdery
Watching Gods of Egypt is like willingly heating up a giant pot filled with diarrhea until it 's as hot as liquid magma and then slowly dripping that stinky , scorching fecal juice into your eye sockets one drop at a time for two hours straight .
` Gods of Egypt ' is a poorly acted CGI spectacle that plays like a video game . Diversity could n't save this silly mess .
Definitely not one for the gods or the ages , in 2-D or 3-D .
Takes bonkers ideas and whitewashes them into generalized mediocrity . It 's so bad it 's just bad .
Big entertainment , but barely original . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- A -RSB- feckless fantasy .
At best Gods of Egypt is forgettable and at worst it 's truly awful , and determining where it lands on that spectrum will be dependent on the viewer .
It 's tempting to dismiss Gods of Egypt as the most perfectly bad film I 've ever seen . But that 's not fair . It 's perfectly itself - a bizarre , yet cohesive , construction .
What raises Gods of Egypt above all other historically botched FX epics is the stupefying schlock of its visual effects , they 're like something out of Video Aps for Dummies . Come back , Clash of the Titans , all is forgiven .
Gods of Egypt is a dull , meandering , plastic mess of pre-2002 CGI and performances as flat as the green screens behind them .
Gods of Egypt is a cheesy and visually unimpressive fantasy adventure that 's too dull to make for fun campy entertainment .
Gods of Egypt is much more interested in spectacle than substance , which would be great if its spectacle were more substantial .
This is a movie for 10-year-olds and mouth-breathers .
It is bad in practically every way it could be bad , from concept to execution , from imagery to acting . It is a movie with essentially no redeeming qualities -- the epitome of everything wrong with big-budget moviemaking today .
`` The movie most likely to be airbrushed onto the side of a van . ''
Gods of Egypt is a movie that requires more effort to sit through than it did to make it .
#EgyptSoWhite . Ridiculous and pointless .
Everyone is doing their own thing , and none of it fits together .
Gods of Egypt sounds ten times more fun on paper than it does in practice . The audacity of its failure is at least enough to ensure a shelf life in podcasts about bad movies .
An assault on all that is holy to anyone who loves film . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sex , Violence , Profanity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
A colossal , mega-budget turkey ... Gods of Egypt does offer the rare novelty of seeing an Oscar-spangled actor the calibre of Geoffrey Rush in a big , bad film . He plays an ageing God who flies around in Earth orbit in a hand pedal-powered space ship .
The `` Battlefield Earth '' of sword-and-sorcery movies .
It 's a goofy adventure , no more and no less .
`` So , so close to being one of those movies you see projected onto brick walls at cool rooftop parties . ''
Some films are so bad they 're good . Gods of Egypt is n't one of those .
We proudly present ... the ` Beastmaster ' for the 21st century !
... for all its clichés and obvious borrowings ... somehow manages to be more fun that you might imagine .
Rather than put the focus on creating a few fantastic creatures and sets , the team behind Gods of Egypt opted to make a road trip movie with an abundance of awful looking monsters .
Everyone is an Aussie with Donald Trumpish orange spray tan and a forced British accent .
Alex Proyas apologized for not using actual Egyptians in Egyptian roles . Few of us care . A more important apology might be for the movie 's third act .
It 's hard to take it all nearly as seriously as the actors -LRB- including a braided-pony-tailed , top-god-playing Geoffrey Rush in a spaceship ! -RRB- do .
No one is confusing `` Gods of Egypt '' with strong storytelling . But for a mindless whir of crazy visuals , you can do a lot worse .
A fun movie that does n't do anything ironically . But the gods deserved better . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Yes , they are mostly white , though Black Panther himself Chadwick Boseman shows up as Thoth , the god of wisdom , a character who tips this movie 's diversity scale by cloning himself a hundred times .
It may be pretty to look at , but this is a big budget wheel of cheddar .
A cacophony of garish special effects and loud , blustery action .
Actual Egyptians should be relieved that this plague passed over them .
Anyone who 's seen the hilarious , what-the-heck trailer for this Egyptian-themed extravaganza knows there 's a good chance it will be bad . The real question is whether it 's `` boring bad '' or `` fun bad . '' It turns out to be mostly fun bad .
I enjoyed `` Gods of Egypt '' despite the lazily generic non-story , the dubious Eurocentric casting and -LRB- intentionally ? -RRB- unconvincing effects that make you wonder -LRB- another imponderable -RRB- why they did n't just make this an animated picture .
Credit to Proyas for attempting something this ambitious , but it does n't make the effects-heavy fantasy flick any less of a turkey .
See it if you dare .
-LSB- An -RSB- ungodly jumble of a mortals-versus-deities rumble , placed in the time before the pyramids were tourist attractions .
Its virtues as throwback do n't elide the foolhardly decision to imprint an ancient mythology on a contemporary superhero framework .
A wannabe franchise-starter that feels like it was adapted from a tabletop role-playing game , with strict rules that need to be repeatedly stated out loud and a bestiary of creatures .
It seems as though a decent chunk of the Gods of Egypt budget went toward Butler 's skin bronzer -- money that would have been better spent on the cheap-looking special effects , which appear to be culled from Ghostbusters II .
Many of the images in Gods of Egypt would make for a fetching prog-rock album cover , but Proyas has populated his digital paradise with banal characters , cherry-picked mythology , and a score just a few notes off from Lawrence of Arabia .
While Gods of Egypt is a spectacle , and entertaining at times , it 's a textbook example of style over substance .
Perfectly fine escapist fare that 's marred by silly dialogue , a ridiculous amount of CGI , and some seriously WTF moments .
GODS OF EGYPT follows in the tradition of other wannabe-tentpoles like JUPITER ASCENDING and WINTER 'S TALE ... A big , bloated prototype of empty CGI spectacle at its worst .
An extraordinarily silly , flamboyantly empty hodgepodge of splashy effects and childish narrative ... It 's actually dumber than ` Immortals . '
Batty and bonkers beyond belief , Gods of Egypt is an unusually audacious exercise in fantasy world-building , and the visual imagination it displays almost makes up for its shameful casting calls . Almost .
`` Gods of Egypt '' eventually becomes so laughably terrible that you forget about the lack of diversity .
A shoddy special-effects howler that makes a hash out of both Egyptian mythology and human logic .
-LSB- An -RSB- endearingly goofy gloss on the Old World fantasy spectacles of yesteryear .
Misfiring on multiple levels and hard on the senses , `` Gods of Egypt '' crashes quickly after takeoff , with Proyas using excess to numb his audience , mistakenly believing that he 's entertaining the stuffing out of ticket-buyers .
The epic delivers two hours of strong sword-and-sorcery entertainment , backed by interesting female characters .
This all might make ` Gods of Egypt ' sound like a blast , but it 's too cramped and muddled to achieve true bad movie transcendence . In other words , it 's no `` Jupiter Ascending . ''
The film , pun fully intended , is an ungodly mess . What could have been an adventurous buddy comedy , an old-fashioned , Ben-Hur style epic , or a knowingly deranged B-movie ends up being an early contender for the worst film of the year .
Gods of Egypt is also a just plain bad movie . The plot is confusing , yet boring . The visuals look expensive , yet cheesily fake . And the performances are uninteresting , yet ... well , they 're just uninteresting .
Gods of Egypt is the most epic sun-and-sand disaster since Elizabeth Taylor almost broke 20th Century-Fox with her 1963 film Cleopatra .
If it did n't make you constantly wonder whether some actors are standing closer to the camera than others , `` Gods of Egypt '' might pass muster as an occasionally lively and frequently campy B movie .
Butler charges around , flexing his muscles and growling , maybe throwing in a few snarls and snorts , and he 's nothing but boring . He 's the best thing in the movie .
Might have merited a so-bad-it 's - good schadenfreude fanbase had it maintained the unintentional laughs of the first ten minutes . Instead , it skids into dullness , thus negating the camp classic that it so often verges on becoming .
Call it `` Clash of the Whitans , '' and call it a folly that does n't have the energy or delirium to qualify as entertaining crap . It 's just crap .
This is the best opportunity Proyas has had in a long time to show off his visual intelligence , which amounts to more than a love of opulence for its own sake .
It 's a bizarre , goofy mess - and occasionally a beautiful one .
Oh , dear .
This is by any measure a dreadful movie , a chintzy , CG-encrusted eyesore that oozes stupidity and self-indulgence from its every pore .
At the risk of having to turn in my Social Justice Warrior card , I inexplicably dug the heck out of Alex Proyas 's gonzo Gods of Egypt . Please forgive me .
Overstocked , overstuffed and overlong , `` Gods of Egypt '' packs a squadron of immediately forgettable mythological deities into 127 inefficient minutes .
Yeah , #egyptsowhite . But the good news is Chadwick Boseman steals the picture . Not that there 's much to steal .
Director Alex Proyas ' movie feels like a bad video game .
After a point , this proudly silly film about gods and mortals in ancient Egypt devolves into an sword-and-sorcery-flavored riff on a weak Marvel movie .
Not only does the film indulge in a right royal round of whitewashing , it also gives star Gerard Butler a brownface .
Gods Of Egypt offers a frequently spectacular , light , and knowingly silly good time .
Rarely has a film 's determination to distract viewers with the sleekness and shine of its imagery been mirrored so obviously in its story .

@highlight

Look on Gods of Egypt , ye filmgoers , and despair ! Nothing beside remains . Round the decay of this colossal wreck , boundless and bare . The lone and level sands stretch far away . -LRB- Apologies to Shelley . -RRB-