Guzikowski 's well-honed thriller occasionally idles under Villeneuve 's dark character studies , but the director 's powerfully imposed mood of dread elevates what might otherwise have been just a superior police procedural .
Smart and suspenseful and the acting is first rate . The movie 's ending is quite literally stunning . The details of Prisoners ' intricate mystery will stay with you , as will its disturbing moral questions .
Jackman 's aggrieved dad is impressive . But Gyllenhaal 's Loki , facial tics , unexplained tattoos and all is , oddly , the more believable .
Not for the weak of stomach , Prisoners is a sure signifier that summer is over , more serious fare has arrived in theaters , and the Oscar race has begun .
An increasingly sloppy thriller , filled with obvious clues , laughable red herrings , and halfhearted `` shock '' reveals , played at a snail 's pace that lets far too much air into the narrative .
Face fuzzed with a dark beard more intimidating than Wolverine 's , Hugh Jackman is a feral presence , a savage force untamed by his own faith in the all-forgiving divine , in one of the year 's most thrilling edge-of-seaters .
It 's anything but a breezy journey , but it 's a deeply rewarding one for those unafraid of serious , heartbreaking , contemplative , nerve-hitting cinema .
Villeneuve manages to keep us on the edge of our seats without being able to take our eyes off the screen in this fascinating and hypnotic tale that weaves into images the marvelous script written by Aaron Guzikowski . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The last half hour , despite the occasional jolt of excitement , is an embarrassment .
I was shocked to learn this is an original screenplay and not an adaptation . Everything about the story stinks of a crappy novel someone bought at an airport .
This film haunted me for days and weeks after seeing it , and the feeling still lingers .
Prisoners is in the best thriller traditions , but goes deeper into a reflection of one of the greatest moral dilemmas in modern society ... choosing to not only be memorable , but to matter .
Prisoners is a devastating ordeal through the Villeneuve 's impressionistic prism . It 's a testament to all involved that you want to revisit the ugliness of the story for the artistry of its construction .
The film not only holds the viewer 's focus to the very end , but manages to do so in a genuinely innovative yet comfortingly recognizable way .
... wants to show how one heinous act creates not only victims , but more monsters .
Prisoners -- sometimes awkwardly , for the most part persuasively -- does a delicate balancing act between outright nightmare and naturalism .
Methodical , powerful and one of the year 's best , this drama offers up a riveting script and a great cast .
It 's engaging and gut-wrenching -- without diving into an abyss of emotional torture in the name of entertainment .
Denis Villeneuve made the Foreign Language Film Oscar nominee Incendies , but his American debut Prisoners just reheats the heavy-handed , high-gloss revenge porn of The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo and the aforementioned Mystic River .
Even the most seemingly benign scenes posses a low level of fear , and the final hour is heavy enough to leave audiences shaking -LRB- and shaken -RRB- .
Nicely written and acted . Genuine suspense .
Like a more downbeat Zodiac , Prisoners is a rich , expansive procedural revolving around a horrible crime in which a satisfactory resolution only seems to get further away from its protagonists the more they obsess over the case .
... a bold , brave and unforgettable slice of filmmaking that pulls you deep into the mix and does n't let go .
Unfolds with the sickening tension of a great police procedural , all while poking at America 's social and political hypocrisies .
It 's impossible to ignore that you are looking at unspeakable cruelty which , even if justifiable , must be ruinous to the soul of the wielder . You expect that to become the theme of the film , but , astonishingly , it never does .
A dark , foreboding and riveting thriller , that will leave many spun by its labyrinth plot , spellbound by its strong performances and haunted by its many moral and religious complexities .
He 's the film 's most interesting character and it 's a great performance from Jake Gyllenhaal .
... palpably ominous and unsettling ...
If there is one thing above all else to recommend Prisoners , it 's the way it captures that white-hot skewer of fear that must run through the heart and mind of every parent who has ever suddenly looked around them and thought , `` where 's my kid ? ''
Prisoners is haunting and will stick with you ... this is one of the best films of the year .
This moody police procedural with Jake Gyllenhaal in sublime form may be nearly three hours long , but it 's worth every minute .
Proves compelling , thanks in part to subject matter that practically demands emotional investment from an audience : children in peril .
Um drama tocante , um suspense sufocante e um filme de detetive magnífico . Um dos melhores longas do ano , sem dúvida alguma .
Denis Villeneuve 's Prisoners is a nasty piece of work . Indeed , it is about as bleak and unforgiving as mainstream , studio moviemaking gets .
A gritty and intensely unsettling story of child abduction and obsession .
Not since Erskineville Kings , in 1999 , has Hugh Jackman appeared so emotionally exposed on screen . It is an exceptional , Oscar-worthy performance .
a tense morality play wrapped in the bristling genre trappings of a police procedural , is exhausting in all the best ways-emotionally , intellectually , philosophically
The film 's pace is an endurance test ... -LRB- but -RRB- everyone gets to share in the dread of the final revelations . Does the end justify the means ?
Jackman is still in his phase of high-masculine misery ... The entire performance is an exclamation point , and he swings it like a baseball bat .
The brutality and torture displayed by the `` hero '' of this piece makes for several uncomfortable moments .
It 's rare to find a film that really works on all levels , but that 's exactly what Denis Villeneuve 's has constructed with Prisoners .
Edge of Your Seat Thriller
Roger Deakins uses erratic flashes and glimmers of light to suggest that deliverance is always close at hand , but not close enough .
While all this industrial strength acting is going on , there 's also a pretty engrossing mystery afoot that keeps your attention .
It remains gripping because of the realistic grounding of its characters and the raw vulnerability in the performances .
This is about as intense as movies can get . Superb performances and great direction will keep you on the edge of your seat .
It 's a tense and engaging thriller with some big ideas , only some of which it is able to carry .
Hollywood thrillers that feature vigilantes usually pander to our baser instincts . Prisoners does n't let us off the hook so easily .
A story too densely plotted to feel real but too well built to fall over .
A good film with a shoddy ending that keeps it from being great .
`` Prisoners '' is a dark , thought-provoking thriller for the grown-up audience that made `` Silence of the Lambs '' a hit .
The very model of an Oscarbaiting exercise in social critique and deeply ambiguous character drama . Except for the part where the script makes it feel more like a trashy beach read .
In his first film since Skyfall , the cinematography by Torquay-born Roger Deakins is as stunning as you 'd expect from a true craftsman with ten unfulfilled Oscar nominations since The Shawshank Redemption in 1995 .
`` Prisoners '' is gripping and exceptionally well made , but I found it relentless-too bleak for my taste ...
I like the film 's solid , old-fashioned style , the way it resembles the smart adult thrillers of the '70s and assumes the audience is savvy enough to follow the details .
Deserves credit for artfully presenting its nightmarish moral dilemmas with little pretense or grandstanding .
It 's a veritable shoo-in for an Oscar nod this year , and one of the more disturbing films to come out of a major studio in ages .
A whodunnit too classy to ignore , too crude to respect .
A disturbing crime thriller , elevated by subtle storytelling , challenging ideas and fine performances , but let down by some lazy generic tropes and jarring implausibilities .
Manages to fire the intellect and stimulate further researches into Arendt 's work .
One of the most satisfying thrillers we have seen in quite some time .
Prisoners , surprisingly for a film that lasts 153 minutes , holds you captive for the entire runtime .
Villenueve crafts and molds the story into a thing of beauty . His pacing is brilliant , giving the audience just enough clues to keep them guessing at every twist and turn .
First-rate cinematography by Roger Deakins ca n't rescue a thriller that needed many more rewrites before it went into production .
A haunting narrative and moral maze .
Prisoners is a methodically grim story of child kidnapping and vigilante torture , extended beyond necessity by short-sighted police work and a cannery 's supply of red herrings . It is well acted bunk ...
Richly detailed and labyrinthinely plotted , the switchback narrative is populated with carefully delineated characters without recourse to cumbersome exposition .
A hulking gothic whodunit which sadly falls to pieces in its final act .
Brilliantly directed and stunningly shot , Prisoners is a powerfully gripping , morally complex thriller with a superb script and an Oscar-worthy performance from Hugh Jackman . It 's also one of the best thrillers of the year .
The cast and creators are released early for good behaviour .
Raises many questions , in its brutally direct way , as it plows through a minefield of raw nerves , shattered emotions , shifting moral boundaries and unnerving religious overtones .
Prisoners is weary after ten minutes , and I suppose it has persuaded itself that its length is justified by its solemn gaze into the abyss .
What makes this thriller extraordinary is its willingness to make us scratch our heads and ask questions as the tense , fable-like story patiently unfolds .
Arrives with an emotional complexity and gripping intensity that has been sorely missing from a lot of Hollywood thrillers of late .
A certain dour realist vigour keeps the nightmare alive .
Villeneuve 's taut directing , coupled with a strong story , gritty cinematography and captivating performances make Prisoners a tantalising watch that will solicit and repulse in equal measure ...
Jackman gives one of his best performances ever in this tense thriller about a parent 's worst fears .
Although it 's quite long at 2 1/2 hours , Prisoners holds interest and tension thanks to the strength of the screenplay and craftsmanship of the cast and crew . Be warned : you will not want to take a bathroom break during the film , so go before
Blurring the lines between the hero and the perpetrator compounds the tension in this multi-layered and complex psychological thriller that will keep you anchored to your seat
... its cast is uniformly impressive , especially the mute , disturbed Dano and the glum `` bad cop '' Gyllenhaal , who effectively turns down the handsome and owns the film with his gaunt , haunted stare .
Prisoners is , first and foremost , a crime drama in which Villeneuve and screenwriter Aaron Guzikowski slowly ratchet the suspense by making the audience privy to clues the characters do not have the opportunity to put together .
Gyllenhaal 's tattooed , twitchy Loki proves equally satisfying , a loner with a troubled past and one of those dogged cops who make the genre enjoyable .
All these nagging little problems , plot holes , inconsistencies , are a bother , but the overall strength of the film overpowers these things .
In less talented hands , the story could lapse into the maudlin . But Villeneuve , director of the Oscar-nominated Incendies , seems to know just how far to go ; only one moment feels less than authentic , but it would be a spoiler to mention it .
A simmering pressure cooker of a thriller , Prisoners is an unforgiving but emotionally rewarding experience sustained by powerhouse performances , taut scripting and Villeneuve 's tonally assured direction .
Rife with biblical allusions and ostensibly grounded in an old fashioned exploration of good vs. evil , Prisoners is more than just your standard kidnapping thriller .
The grim atmosphere of desperation is n't seen to its natural conclusion , rendering the picture tiring and defeated in the final stretch , almost afraid to deliver the killing blow it was teasing for two hours .
A decent , cogent , greyly atmospheric thriller with something to say about War-On-Terror America .
At the beating -LRB- if broken -RRB- heart of it all is Jackman , sunken eyes and permanent scowl , delivering a turn so intense it makes Wolverine 's berserker rage look like an infant 's hissy fit .
The plot is like a whirlpool . The more it twists the deeper it goes and the darker it gets until it has the same sense of dread as had ZODIAC and SE7EN .
It 's got lofty aspirations but it also wants to wallow in the muck - to thrill you and sicken you in equal measure while also being About Something .
Although the ending of ` Prisoners ' may leave some viewers cold , I think it 's a clever way to make us keep talking about this thriller for a long time to come .
Prisoners is like a hyper kid got on an elevator and pushed all the buttons , so that it stopped at every floor .
The film is like a lean cut of meat , with all the fat trimmed off and the rest providing the necessary protein to keep functioning .
After seeing this , you will say : Jackman also plays Wolverine ?
A chilling suspense thriller about child kidnappings in rural America that is brilliantly directed by French Canadian director Denis Villenueve .
One of the strengths of Prisoners is that it forces you to confront the part of yourself that really would do literally anything for your child . It does n't frighten you so much as it makes you frighten yourself .
worth watching to start a ` what would you do ' conversation on the way home
Thriller and drama enthusiasts should find plenty of powerful performances and rich story material to make Prisoners an exhilarating and penetrating theater experience .
Just when you think it is over , IT GETS BETTER !
The directorial instincts of Villeneuve lean toward the lurid , though he seems to think he 's making a grand and brooding statement about the human condition . Prisoners is a compelling but unpleasant film , captive to its own schlocky hubris .
... the darkness honed by world-class cinematographer Roger Deakins surrounds the disappearance of two little girls , with just about every member of an impressive cast being held captive by the stylishly gloomy situation .
Gravity to spare and performances to talk about ... worth a risk , even if you 're prone to nightmares .
When you finally emerge from your two-and-a-half hour sentence watching this glum , overbearing movie , you 'll relish the sweet taste of freedom , too .
Ethical exploration or exploitation ? In the end , I come down reservedly on the former side : the work done here by Jackman , Gyllenhaal , and especially Villeneuve is simply too powerful to ignore .
The film 's art-house sensibility separates it from your run-of-the-mill studio melodrama , as does the care Vileneuve takes to create multidimensional and complex characters whose flaws are at times reprehensible , despite their altruistic motives .
Dark subject matter like this feels that much more perverse when it 's totally phony .
... when Dover 's efforts reach a sadistic level the film 's flaws become more noticeable . It feels like Villeneuve stretches out nearly every scene ...
Engrossing revenge thriller is very violent and intense .
Prisoners is unforgettably relentless in asking moviegoers if Keller has gone too far . And , by extension , asking us how far we would go .
An emotionally taxing , morally complex mystery driven by powerful performances that explore the transformative effects of suffering with an intensity that will leave many -- especially those with children -- deeply shaken .
A film that , for all its pretensions and intermittent power , is essentially high-grade claptrap .
... the story here is Gyllenhaal , delivering the performance of his career in a career already filled with exceptional performances .
Villeneuve also sprinkles in religious overtones and complex dilemmas that make this feel more like a morality play than a Hollywood thriller .
`` Prisoners '' is a gripping movie experience with enough twists and turns to keep you on the edge of your seat .
Told in explosive , spine-tingling fashion with extraordinary performances from an all-star cast .
Prisoners is cruel and unusual punishment .
The lasting legacy of an exceptional thriller is to not only be surprised on the first viewing , but also to realize the picture offers qualities to be enjoyed on repeat screenings .
Swims in the murky waters of moral complexity , content to skim the surface without engaging fully with the questions it raises ... delivers a disappointingly convoluted mystery plot in an attempt to give the audience what it thinks it wants .
It 's about good people dismantled by a quest to explain the inexplicable . But it 's not a hopeless trek to the Gulag .
Prisoners is an overblown missing-children mystery that wants to comment on the dysfunctional soul of America .
Prisoners is a dense , cold film rife with religious symbolism and moral ambiguity .
It 's missing some pivotal story details , but has an abundance of stellar assets that add up to a highly successful nightmarish experience .
Prisoners is one of the most contemplative and fulfilling films of the year . It may be lengthy , but the performances are outstanding and the journey is never not intriguing .
This movie is a well crafted dramatic thriller that will keep you guessing until the film 's conclusion . Even with Melissa Leo 's phony performance , it 's one the year 's most gripping films .
Its flaws compound the somber tone , making it a tough film to watch at times . But the sheer craftsmanship on display is too strong to ignore .
Prisoners has got more pedigree than a Westminster dog-show winner . It 's just not very good . In fact , it 's worse than not-very-good ; it 's could 've - been-really-good-and-isn ` t .
The only prisoners are the audience .
Aspects of `` Prisoners '' are effective , but for the most part it 's rather ridiculous -LRB- despite the fact that it clearly wants to be taken super-seriously -RRB- , and there 's an overwrought quality to much of the acting .
Prisoners is one of the best films of 2013 !
The film you begin watching when the lights dim is not the same one you carry home from the theatre .
After two hours of relentless tension , Prisoners starts revealing its secrets to progressively hokier effect .
Is it the best Hollywood mystery we 've seen in awhile ? Oh yes . Is it one any parent would want to see ? Only if they do n't mind nightmares .
A movie that wants to tie us in knots , and does a good , nasty job of it .
Hugh Jackman and co-star Jake Gyllenhaal lead a superb cast -- and score career bests -- in this provocative tale of abducted children and parents pushed beyond limits .
One of the first , heavy-duty award contenders of the 2013 movie season . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Guzikowski teases with some potentially intriguing ideas in between the point-A-to-point-B plotting ... but the screenplay does not follow through on them .
Begins as a story that has intriguing and seriously complex moral and ethical implications before giving way to what is a fairly by-the-numbers , beat-the-clock serial-killer thriller .
It never lets up . The cell doors never open .
If you choose this one , know that it 'll leave you feeling like you 've been through the wringer .
Villeneuve sets a dark , foreboding tone , aided by evocative cinematography by the great Roger A. Deakins , which holds the movie together even when the plot goes a bit loopy in the finale .
Too much of brilliantly good thing . It 's like watching the director 's cut that goes a bit deeper into the character development and filled with scenes the filmmakers loved , but realized were n't essential for the final cut .
Thematically dense and intelligently crafted , the darkly enthralling `` Prisoners '' will not easily be forgotten .
An unforgettable crime thriller that is guaranteed to be the most talked about and fiercely debated movie of the season .
In addition to the skin-crawling camera moves and the understated dread that bolsters the surface tensions of `` Prisoners '' there is a fascinating actor 's duel going on .
Has the sheen of a prestige picture and the guts of Law & Order 's best episode .
A dark , tense drama .
This movie pushes us into the tight corners of law enforcement , as well as parenthood , where black and white simply does not exist . You can only do your best , which means everything is the muted grey of ` good enough . '
By the end , the filmmakers have slightly lost sight of the journey on which they began . Yet the trip they 've taken , fueled by Jackman 's rage and Gyllenhaal 's doggedness and the complicitous uneasiness of Davis and Howard , has plenty of dramatic power .
This is an aesthetically immaculate film . Coen Brothers cinematographer Roger A. Deakins imbues every frame with a stunning mix of texture and complexity , simultaneously feeding us information and tickling our retinas .
Before you discount the movie as a metaphysical mediation on violence , know that it is also a superbly tense thriller , and one of the most nail-bitingly effective entertainments this year .
A film that seems headed toward one conclusion , then veers toward another over 2 / ₂ of the fastest-moving hours I 've seen in a recent movie .
Grim , gray and surprisingly gruesome , Prisoners - the director 's first foray into English-language filmmaking - has its flaws , but predictability is not one of them .
The plot raises complicated moral questions about how far an anguished person will go for the love of a child . At the same time , it sets up an intricate , horrifying mystery with breathtaking skill .
`` Prisoners '' is a dark , deeply serious examination of how loss can unhinge us ; it grabs onto you , and you may have trouble shaking it away .
A gorgeous but manipulative thriller that wants you to ponder Big Questions as it sends a shiver down your spine .
A work of impressive craftsmanship that winds up making us think too much about how it was fashioned rather than what it has to say .
The screenplay is smart , the execution is impeccable , and the holes are few and far between .
One of the most intense thrillers in recent years . Best performance of Hugh Jackman 's career .
As gripping as it is grueling , with performances that swing for the fences and a knotty central mystery .
A frustrating puzzle in which the pieces do n't quite fit together
It 's a potboiler premise , but in this uncompromisingly dark telling it veers from the procedural to something deeper and more tragic .
Even when audiences start to question the logical leaps , the performances and visuals remain first-rate . The movie does n't feel bloated . And the final scenes are anything but a cop-out .
It 's easy to make a thriller . It 's hard to make one that says something about human nature and then , like the hauntingly compelling `` Prisoners , '' finds something inside the genre that validates tying your nerves up in knots .
It absorbs and controls your attention with such assurance that you hold your breath for fear of distracting the people on screen , exhaling in relief or amazement at each new revelation .
Prisoners wants to be operatic and epic . It never quite succeeds .
A devastating psychological thriller , Prisoners pulls us deep into our worst fear : the Amber Alert . Then it holds us under .
A grade-A genre exercise - but it 's a genre predicated on specious reasoning and promiscuous , pseudo-sacrificial suffering .
Director Denis Villeneuve 's work with the exemplary actors results in a film of startling impact , packed with twists you do n't see coming . You ca n't shake it .
It 's a harrowing , excellent piece of work , narratively inconsistent in the final act but a film for which all flaws are easily overlooked by incredible technical accomplishments and an ensemble of performers doing close to the best work of their careers .
If the screenplay occasionally frustrates by not asking obvious questions ... and by scattering red herrings that venture into really loopy territory ... the film overall works because of the filmmaking artistry and high acting calibre on display .
Throughout this beautifully made , slightly specious exercise in Old Testament revenge , the character-study aspects of `` Prisoners '' coexist intriguingly with the grisly-inhumanity components .
Hugh Jackman gives the performance of his career as a father seeking two kidnapped girls in Denis Villeneuve 's taut thriller .
Villeneuve shows his sublime talents as a director who appreciates subtle dialogue and contained , intimate action .
Though it 's nothing you have n't seen before , it 's so artfully made and skillfully executed that you wo n't care a bit .
The final third has more in common with three-card monte street hustle than nuanced character drama .
Seldom though does a thriller deal with such deeply disturbing , hardcore emotional distress as Prisoners .
A very good film , with two hours of extraordinary , gripping filmmaking and twenty final minutes of subtle deflation .
It 's preposterous schlock masquerading as art .
Spectacular performances and a series of frighteningly tense sequences elevate it above your typical Hollywood mystery .
A fascinating , skillfully directed , overpoweringly atmospheric mystery .
With its measured pace and stark violence , `` Prisoners '' wants to be more than just an escapist crime thriller -- it has its sights set on loftier aspirations .
Easy answers are hard to come by , but that ambiguity elevates Prisoners to a place most other genre exercises rarely achieve ... or even aspire .
Every actor in Prisoners blossoms with realistic restraint under Villeneuve 's refined direction .
Prisoners uncoils with a serpent 's stealth - and strikes just as suddenly .
What makes Prisoners more potent than its oft-implausible mystery should allow is the way Villeneuve lingers over the textures of a terrible event .
Great acting , in the service of a plot that keeps getting more ridiculous . I was with it until the snakes .
A blisteringly intense master-class in suspense and character .
`` Prisoners '' has the momentum of a thriller but it 's carefully constructed so that it is also a movie that asks pointed questions about morality .
A terrific thriller , shattering domestic drama and probing character study in a single package .
Hugh Jackman and Jake Gyllenhaal burn the candle at both ends in this emotionally whipsawing kidnapped-child thriller with an unusually strong moral resonance .
-LSB- An -RSB- exquisitely calibrated thriller .
`` Prisoners '' is , above all , an effective thriller , but it wants you to take it more seriously than that . There 's no deal-breaking reason not to .
While the movie is certainly less than the sum of its referents , it nonetheless works as a formally controlled genre piece .
Unflinching and intense , it 's an intricate thriller evoking complex emotional conflict , moral ambiguity and sustained psychological suspense .
The script is misshapen and out of balance . . Bello disappears for vast chunks of time . . The rest of the cast all seem like bystanders to the Hugh and Jake show .
Prisoners starts off promising ; but peters away its substantial tension with a drawn out ending and somewhat obvious villain .
Nothing more than a cheap thriller with some pseudo-philosophical nonsense tacked on .
It 's the imitation-David Fincher pretentiousness that gets on my nerves .
Prisoners is a dog whistle for Academy voters keyed to a pitch that screams , `` For the love of God , nominate me for something ! ''
Highly entertaining .
This is a powerful , engrossing film that transcends the normal constraints of its genre and is worth your investment of both time and attention .
As a film it 's edge of your seat terrifying stuff , so have at it , childless adults !
Prepare to be electrified ! When it comes to thrillers , Prisoners is the must-see sensation of the year .
A compelling character study of the emotional toll exacted by a kidnapping on the psyche of the victims ' loved ones .
A smart thriller that runs so long it almost outsmarts itself .
If you 're patient , and you have quite a bit of time to kill , you 're bound to see beneath Prisoners ' pretentious façade a nifty little crime thriller that deserved more .
If you want to know what the families of kidnap victims go through , you ca n't get a better insight than by watching this film.l
You never sense that any of the players is inhabiting a character . Instead they seem to be dispiritedly reading lines off of an internal teleprompter ...
A sombrely impressive thriller in the style of Mystic River and Zodiac .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- `` Prisoners '' demonstrates an uncomfortable connection between criminals and their victims , whose lives take on dark aspects of their suffering . There 's nothing morally comfortable .
So sharply directed , tautly edited , rich and believably acted by Jackman and Gyllenhaal that you quickly forgive its tired story . An intense , satisfying thriller .
Please see this movie . We need to let Hollywood know that there is , in fact , an audience for sophisticated drama for adults .
This is one hell of a movie . And yes , you can interpret that in more than a few ways .
Villeneuve is trying like hell to elevate what turns out to be a dumb genre picture ... Prisoners is a long sentence .
a movie whose execution and performances are admirable , but its eventual concession to monologuing villains and life-or-death standoffs undermines the honest and substantive character work that precedes it .
Possibly year 's most immaculate-looking drivel , a prismatically shot whodunit abundant in red herrings , but lacking in moral contemplation .
In any case , the crowd I watched it with sat in awed , tense silence throughout-a mighty good sign that a thriller is doing its job .
It 's rooted in 40 years of Hollywood revenge films , yet it also breaks audacious new ground .
The film is both better than you might imagine - in a doolally sort of way - and more trivial , for all its smog-like aura of utter , unremitting despair .
Prisoners offers strong drama , suspense and intrigue within a crime thriller that constantly leaves you guessing where it 's going .
Intellectual torture porn .
` Prisoners ' is the best police procedural since ` Se7en , ' and it works as a grim , ugly companion piece to that film ...
It 's an emotionally intense edge-of-your-seat thrill ride that wo n't let go of your mind , body and soul until the title card appears in the end credits .
Villeneuve has produced a masterful thriller that is also an engrossing study of a smalltown America battered by recession , fear and the unrelenting elements .
Denis Villeneuve 's film requires and rewards your attention in equal measure .
Prisoners is n't bringing much new to the tradition of crime thrillers and missing children horror stories , but it does speak mightily to how quality of craft separates an airplane page-turner from a minor work of pulp poetry .
A masterpiece . The movie everyone 's going to be talking about this fall . Jackman deserves an Oscar nomination .
` Prisoners ' is too nuanced to dismiss , but too silly to take seriously .
A potent mix of suspense , emotion and intrigue that draws intense performances from leads Hugh Jackman and Jake Gyllenhaal .
The ensemble is great across the board but Hugh Jackman gives what honestly might be his best performance .
A spellbinding , sensationally effective thriller with a complex moral center that marks a grand-slam English-lingo debut for the gifted Quebecois director Denis Villeneuve .
Viewers who see the movie will find it absolutely riveting , and this is a tribute to the filmmaker 's skill and to the excellent cast that brings the story to life .
Villneuve 's grim chronicle of the fallout when two young girls vanish in a small town succeeds at crafting one powerfully suspenseful moment after another .
Far from the feel-good movie of the year , Prisoners is dark , disturbing , white-knuckle stuff with an unnerving shade of dread blanketed over almost every frame .

@highlight

Prisoners has an emotional complexity and a sense of dread that makes for absorbing -LRB- and disturbing -RRB- viewing .