Equal parts a maelstrom of black rage and a sleek , surgical assessment of the American Dream as it pertains to race .
Director Peck ... , in meticulous detail , walks us through his subject 's life from childhood precocity to adult eloquence .
... an epic work ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An ingeniously constructed documentary about one of the 20th century 's greatest , and more conflicted , artist/polemicists .
-LSB- This -RSB- montage of America 's explosive history of racial intolerance makes for compelling , if at times uncomfortable viewing .
It 's an imaginative look not only at the intellectual powerhouse of writer James Baldwin , as seen on TV interviews and in speeches , but also his own words from an unpublished manuscripts ...
An absorbing documentary ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I Am Not Your Negro is an incisive meditation on America 's Civil Rights Movement .
While I Am Not Your Negro remains an astounding statement about race , a sequel that makes his queerness visible is sorely needed .
As sad and frustrating as I Am Not Your Negro is , it is also inspiring , energizing , and even hopeful .
Raoul Peck takes a unique approach to documenting the meditations of the late Harlem-born author James Baldwin , who lived as an expatriate in Paris for most of his adult life .
What transpires is a still-searing indictment of the systemic racism that underpins our civic , moral and cultural institutions . Baldwin 's reflections and admonishments ring as true today as they did 50 years ago .
Gorgeous text spoken over gripping images , jamming the past into the present to clarify an impending reality that seems both baffling and inevitable , traumatically perplexing and terribly clear .
If I Am Not Your Negro lacks subtlety as an objet d'art , then , all I can say is America continues to live in hostile times .
While this is an intellectual film , and a very discomfiting one , it is a film that all should experience . It 's an eye-opener , and it 's brilliantly piercing .
This is a must-see movie .
I Am Not Your Negro is an important film , not just as a document of America 's chequered racial history but also as a warning to the world about the fragility of cultural difference .
Poetic , inspiring , haunting , and absolutely necessary .
I Am Not Your Negro emerges as a ferociously well-argued , blazingly intelligent , wondrously layered and utterly watchable piece of work .
Incomplete and unpublished by the time of his death eight years later , the letters have been picked up by Haitian filmmaker Raoul Peck who brings Baldwin 's typically insightful and beautifully articulated words to life ...
There 's still enough new insights and statements of power to make the film worth seeing , along with its unfortunate and disturbing timeliness of its historical images .
A singularly original work , part portrait of Baldwin , part history of the racial struggle , part essay , part manifesto .
I Am Not Your Negro is an utterly brilliant film - bold , galvanising , even gripping ...
... Baldwin 's words - sometimes spoken by Samuel L. Jackson - guide us through the narrative , which marries archival footage of Baldwin in interviews and forums with film of his era 's political and cultural milestones .
Director Raoul Peck picks up where the author left off , using the unfinished manuscript as a kind of blueprint for this incendiary , Oscar-nominated documentary .
I Am Not Your Negro curiously subverts our conception of history , perceptions of ourselves as a nation and attempts to address our unending dilemma . It tells its story best through Baldwin 's own words rather than moving images .
Raoul Peck 's Oscar-nominated documentary , I Am Not Your Negro , takes one of Baldwin 's unfinished manuscripts , Remember This House , and transforms it into an urgent exploration of US history .
`` I Am Not Your Negro , '' is possibly one of the most revelatory , insightful and prescient visual documents on civil rights and race that has ever been committed to screen .
... Baldwin 's striking insights are as valid today as they were over three decades ago .
-LSB- Raoul -RSB- Peck 's movie becomes a kind of blistering diary in which Baldwin assesses his responses to what he saw as a child and what he 's rediscovering as an adult .
Not just anyone can hold your attention for two hours , which is perhaps why it does not matter how much the viewer does or does not know about James Baldwin .
At moments , the tone and subject matter become overwhelming and risk losing the viewer in scenes of shock and brutality , but perhaps this is the point . We want to look away and have looked away , but should no longer .
A documentary that honors a magnificent testimony of racial history and class . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... one last tilt at the racial antagonism that is still the stain on the whole American project .
The angriest , most important lesson audiences will ever hear .
There are many moments in Raoul Peck 's astounding new film I Am Not Your Negro that come off the screen and imbed themselves in your chest .
an astonishingly powerful and profoundly affecting documentary
I Am Not Your Negro is a fitting tribute and introduction to James Baldwin - stylish , to-the-point , and full of truths as timely now as they were when Baldwin first put them into writing . It is not to be missed .
What sets this film apart from other political docos is its profound emotionality .
Stirring , poetic , yet unsettling .
The Haitian director Raoul Peck stitches the timelines and footage together smoothly - the result is an engaging riff on Baldwin 's themes .
What is scary is how seamlessly the film transitions between the racially charged tragedies of today and the tragedies of the civil rights movement . It paints a picture that race relations have not changed in since the 1960s .
I Am Not Your Negro dismantles the pernicious myth that America is already a country where skin color does n't matter . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film shows an extreme , anti-traditionalist and anti-white position , to which the only real and true History of the United States is the black History . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a vitally-important piece of film-making that will move you , provoke you and educate you .
An essential film to understand the history of humanity and its fear of adaptation , which also feels more than effective in a politically correct world . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An urgently needed slap-down for the history-blinkered who say `` What about all lives ? '' when confronted with Black Lives Matter .
A galvanizing film , 93 minutes of calm outrage and measured pessimism .
The real punch delivered here is in the stealthy panning-back that Peck does to bring universality to the many individual composite parts of this deep and difficult issue .
Assembling interview footage of James Baldwin and readings from his works , the documentary I Am Not Your Negro is a potent study of the writer , the 1960s civil-rights movement and the continuing struggles of African-Americans .
Baldwin 's words feel as urgent and articulate as ever , though Peck 's attempts to link history with present-day race relations feel a little clunky next to the elegance of the text .
How interesting that ` Get Out , ' a horror movie that 's also a commentary on contemporary race issues , was released simultaneously with the Oscar-nominated ` I Am Not Your Negro . '
An indispensable documentary to understand the history of the United States . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An invitation to learn about Baldwin 's work , to understand where he came from and to find out who his heroes were . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An Oscar-nominated documentary which uses the life and words of writer James Baldwin as the starting point for a far-reaching visual investigation of the African-American experience .
Raoul Peck has crafted a formidable documentary loosely structured around Baldwin 's notes alongside archival footage stretching from the Civil Rights movement to the Ferguson riots and Black Lives Matter .
Baldwin re-emerges as a devastatingly eloquent speaker and public intellectual ; a figure who deserves his place alongside Edward Said , Frantz Fanon or Gore Vidal .
The result is not a documentary about Baldwin but a vision of America through his appalled and compassionate eyes .
What leaves the deepest impression is Baldwin 's unheeded warnings .
Raoul Peck 's lyrical documentary was nominated for an Oscar this year , and it really should have won .
A film filled with anger and despair that shows Baldwin to have been one of the most insightful and prescient figures of his generation .
There are many feelings to be felt watching this film , but what they are will very much depend on who you are .
With every word taken from Baldwin 's own prolific literary output and public appearances , the film could n't be more timely in presenting a despairing analysis of how racial injustice bedevils American society .
Featuring a nuanced readings of Baldwin 's work by vocal Samuel L Jackson , it 's an astonishing piece of filmmaking : engrossing , intellectually rigorous - and depressingly timely .
-LSB- A -RSB- forcefully eloquent movie .
Baldwin was writing more than 30 years ago . Not so much has changed since then . Even so , I Am Not Your Negro is n't as pessimistic as its downbeat tone suggests it should be . Baldwin 's commentary is intended to provoke , not to induce despair .
Peck 's film may have been an Oscars bridesmaid but it turns Baldwin 's prescient words into a staggering achievement . It 's an exhilarating blast of focused fury .
An equally striking selection of film clips , TV shows and ads , archive news footage and music swirl through Baldwin 's voice , painting a pained , unflinchingly honest and reasoned account of race relations in the US , and beyond .
We can always count on the words of one of our most important writers to illuminate our most profound concerns and be an eternal advocate , as this documentary so eloquently reminds us .
Raoul Peck 's I Am Not Your Negro , serves a valuable dual purpose : It both refreshes our collective memory of the civil rights struggles of the 1960s , and it introduces a great American writer to a new generation of readers .
I Am Not Your Negro might very well be the most politically and socially relevant film of the moment .
The entire feature lands with the full force that its harrowing , heartbreaking material demands - in sharp contrast to the elegant and poetic way it has been pieced together .
Whether it 's Baldwin speaking or the readings done by Samuel L. Jackson , I Am Not Your Negro pulls no punches . It 's painful for a society that declares itself to be educated to be forced to look at how ignorant it has been and remains .
A vital documentary , a gripping , deeply upsetting essay on the American racial divide .
It 's unlikely to find an audience with anyone who uses the phrase `` all lives matter '' sincerely or thinks that `` social justice warrior '' is an insult . More 's the pity , but it 's their loss .
Peck 's cross cutting of footage of marches in Birmingham and Selma in the 1960s , alongside footage of contemporary police brutality speaks volumes as to how little has changed .
Wielding language like a precise and delicate instrument , James Baldwin 's words slice intricately through race , oppression and ignorance with clinical elegance .
A documentary like -LSB- this -RSB- only comes around once in a blue moon , and for it to have cycled now , when tensions in America are rising at exponential rates , makes it absolutely essential viewing for every citizen of this nation .
Baldwin was an eloquent speaker that gives much more impact to his ideas than they deserve . Peck 's editing is reminiscent of Joseph Goebbels and Leni Riefenstahl , intending to incite racial hatred with little or no interest in truth or context .
Fascinating and revelatory , I Am Not Your Negro serves as a vital introduction to one of the most important essayists and a prescient critique of our ongoing condition .
I Am Not Your Negro is a rare and special film that evokes Baldwin 's work at a pivotal time , for a generation that may have otherwise overlooked it .
Film clips reveal Baldwin to be an elegantly elfin and velvet-voiced public presence , with a professional raconteur 's sense of style , a realist 's grim suspicion of authority , a historian 's grasp of context and a movie lover 's joy of performance .
It 's an astonishing , often challenging and sharp examination of race in the United States , confronting how the country 's history repeats and how Baldwin insisted we must remember , relentlessly question , remain conscientious and resist .
Baldwin 's words remain distressingly resonant as he describes resentment , anger and insensitivity that blacks endure on a regular basis .
The result - hard-hitting and insightful - is a reminder that the more things change , the more they stay the same .
... an extension of James Baldwin 's many attempts-through his plays , novels , and essays-to help white America ` get it . '
Like Baldwin himself , the film entertains with poetic erudition while making you face facts .
As an unabashed Baldwin fan , a part of me wants to drive you to his written material - this guy was a sublimely original thinker . But this doc does well as an entree to him and his essential insights into American anti-Black racism .
I compel you to see it . It 's essential .
I Am Not Your Negro is an accomplished endeavour , and Peck must be commended accordingly - but this is not why it 's a special piece of cinema - that derives from Baldwin 's writing .
Raoul Peck 's tremendous documentary I Am Not Your Negro shows great intelligence and relevance . Rather than a rehash of the 1960s struggle , it 's a demonstration that the struggle never ended .
`` I Am Not Your Negro '' is essential , uncomfortable , perspective-altering viewing .
`` I Am Not Your Negro '' is important . And urgent . And almost certainly unlikely to be seen by the people who would benefit from it most .
Whereas Ava DuVernay 's Netflix documentary 13th takes a macro approach when examining race in America , I Am Not Your Negro filters big questions through the observations , experiences , and insights of one man .
A powerful documentary that reframes the words of James Baldwin , one of the great intellectuals of the civil-rights era , for a new generation .
Peck 's masterful presentation of Baldwin 's ideas lets the audience `` see '' America through his eyes , making his case intellectually and emotionally .
Baldwin 's words , Jackson 's reading and Peck 's elegant and scorching composition will resonate for years to come .
Passionate yet incisive , moving yet clear-sighted , Peck 's impressionistic documentary offers a salutary reminder of how Baldwin so compellingly forced -- and indeed still forces -- his countrymen to confront racism in their society .
I Am Not Your Negro is a thoughtful and provocative look back on the troubling story of race relations in this country
An enormously resonant work of cultural history that should do much to renew attention to the lonely , prophetic voice of James Baldwin .
Regardless of your cultural background , this searing documentary might change your entire perspective on race relations .
Much about the civil rights movement has been written , spoken and performed , but seldom has it been so powerfully packaged as it is in `` I Am Not Your Negro . ''
I Am Not Your Negro portrays the dignified fury with which Baldwin confronted his oppressors , past and present ; it is the perfect cinematic companion piece to the man 's legacy .
This is Baldwin at his most polemical , but beneath his rage you can discern a groping for unity .
An incisive , biting cultural analysis , a psychological examination of a nation - including its culture and institutions - in denial of its own social constructs of race and racism , created to divide us .
James Baldwin died in 1987 but his views on race relations seem so 21st Century that you might swear he is alive today .
It 's tough to hear Baldwin 's words today and realize how many of the same battles are still being fought , but the effect is n't depressing but is instead galvanizing .
Part memoir , part biography , part critical analysis -- and a highly literary and moving sensory experience that illuminates centuries of American history .
Peck ... reduces Baldwin 's in-the-moment reflections and once-daring insights to the petulance of the Black Lives Matter crusade , which overturns the principles and virtues that King , Malcolm , and Medgar represented before their deaths .
While Peck 's work brims over with anger and horror , it is also a work of sweeping poetry . This story still is n't pretty , but it 's delivered in a captivating and gorgeous manner .
Purposefully difficult to watch , yet must be seen .
Raoul Peck 's I Am Not Your Negro is a superb invocation , a necessary new reading of a grand voice . It 's a subtly drawn and impactful summation of James Baldwin 's literary essence and social conscience , confidently packaged as a 90-minute essay ...
I Am Not Your Negro is told with riveting artistry , which ends up being both a strength and a weakness . Weaving these connected elements into a single vision , Peck ends up mesmerizing the audience more than rousing them .
The fire is back . Spellbinding and ridiculously relevant .
Its thesis is tired and worn . But this is not the fault of the film , just of a country that refuses to truly bear witness .
-LSB- James Baldwin 's -RSB- Remember this House was an unfinished work ; so too , observes -LSB- director -RSB- Peck , is America 's struggle with race .
Best of all are the vintage segments in which Baldwin perches in a cloud of cigarette smoke and lets flow his elegantly formed but passionate observations . As a speaker , he was a spellbinder , and he knew it .
-LSB- Baldwin was -RSB- a writer and thinker so far ahead of his time that many would regard him as a radical today .
A compelling document that works as a mini-history of black racial identity in America from the mid - to late-20th century and beyond .
This is truly one of those films which demands to be seen by every American citizen , considering our present state of turmoil .
Peck 's film is rife with stunning images of the rampant racism that characterized parts of the U.S. at the time . And it is almost astounding how Baldwin 's ideologies are relevant today .
Peck 's film serves as an indictment : America has failed itself .
Powerful and vitally timely .
Peck 's transfixing film offers a portrait of the artist as an unshockable man .
It is an urgent , gut-wrenching film that does n't sugarcoat the truth . America 's race problem is all of our problem , it argues , and will not change until all of us step up and take responsibility for our role in it .
It 's an evocation of a passionate soul in a tumultuous era , a film that uses Baldwin 's spoken words , and his notes for an unfinished book , to illuminate the struggle for civil rights .
I Am Not Your Negro offers hard truths and a blueprint for reconfiguring our national consciousness , imploring us to take responsibility for this country and change it .
Peck may not be able to get inside the spiritual struggle that made Baldwin such a complex figure , but I Am Not Your Negro , with its frequent reminders that there are still two Americas , proves that Baldwin 's writing has lost none of its currency .
Baldwin 's language , always greatly admired by other writers , still comes through with its pinpoint precision , mellifluous rhythm , and stirring undertow .
Gives us a fresh new view on Baldwin 's words , while also reminding us that the same American soul he struggled so hard to convince us was worth saving remains on life support today .
`` I Am Not Your Negro '' is powerful statement of personal experience tempted into resignation .
Raoul Peck 's powerful documentary I Am Not Your Negro is not a straight-up biography of writer and civil rights icon James Baldwin , nor does it claim to be -- but that makes a certain omission no less frustrating .
Lean , intelligent and leaving you wanting more at 95 minutes , I Am Not Your Negro is a less a portrait of the the towering , fiery James Baldwin than it is a chronicle of the life of a troubled , deeply flawed nation as filtered through his piercing eyes .
You would be hard-pressed to find a movie that speaks to the present moment with greater clarity and force , insisting on uncomfortable truths and drawing stark lessons from the shadows of history .
Despite considerable progress , the film suggests , much work remains to be done - and Baldwin 's voice remains as relevant as ever .
A brilliant piece of filmic writing , one that bursts with fierce urgency , not just for the long-unresolved history it seeks to confront , but also in its attempt to understand what is happening here , right now .
This Oscar-nominated portrait of James Baldwin uses the author 's words to bridge the civil-rights past with our racially incendiary present . It 's unmissable and unforgettable .
He told the truth about the consequences of America 's original sin with unblinking , blistering candor , and with a logic of thought and an elegance of affect that made it impossible for a white majority to dismiss what he was saying .
This movie is n't just a tribute to Baldwin . It 's a warning bell regarding leaders who , in Baldwin 's words , care only about `` their safety and their profits . ''
A journey of discovery ; a path of words and images , taking us into the lives of four African-American men and into the heart of the civil-rights movement .
If it revives interest in Baldwin and demonstrates to the public that his work is still vital , 30 years after his death , that would be a service , indeed .
By the end ... the film has explained how not only action but introspection on the issue -LRB- s -RRB- of race is a moral and mortal necessity for the republic .
Peck 's angry , biting , documentary examination of Black-white racial relations in the United States may be a bitter draft to swallow ... But it 's good for us , because it finally shows us the truth .
More interesting as a portrait of James Baldwin than it is of the men he planned to write about but compelling nonetheless .
A bold and copious cinematic bricolage that captures Baldwin as both witness and participant amid the turbulence of the Civil Rights Movement .
Offers an accessible but no-less rigorous look at Baldwin 's prophetic analysis of racial discord in America .
It is at once sobering and thoughtful - and , yes , uncomfortable , at times . But it 's a necessary uncomfortable , the kind of uncomfortable we could use more of right now .
`` I Am Not Your Negro '' is a powerful and eye-opening viewpoint of a man who spent his life fighting for social justice for his race and , by extension , all races .
The language is magnificent . As delivered by Samuel L. Jackson , it 's one of that great voice 's greatest performances .
I Am Not Your Negro makes no concessions about its dissatisfaction with the whole rotten lot of so-called western democracy .
Given the precarious state of race relations , the late visionary 's prescient insights perhaps prove more timely , posthumously , than in their own day .
... it is -LSB- Baldwin 's -RSB- voice that is the greatest takeaway here , Baldwin 's passionate and deeply considered arguments irrefutable . Peck 's painstaking work is as powerful in content as DuVernay 's `` 13th '' and a poetic tribute to Baldwin 's life .
As Peck cuts from archival scenes of police brutality in the South in the '60s to recent footage from Ferguson , Mo. , it 's impossible not to think : The more things change , the more they stay the same . It 's enough to make you weep .
An intricate and fascinating narrative .
A short capsule review can not do this documentary 's depth of intelligence justice , but suffice to say that it uses history and literature to peel back old wounds and reveal fresh ones .
20 years after his death , James Baldwin 's voice , passion and insights are just as powerful as ever .
With intellectualism once again under assault in America , it 's worth remembering that we once produced giants like James Baldwin , and had the good sense to honor and embrace them .
Whatever the book would have been , as a film , it is an attempt to make sense of the modern world by looking back at the past through the eyes of somebody whose words are as relevant today as they were then .
Peck 's references to current events reveal Baldwin 's view of history and his prophetic visions to be painfully accurate .
Each frame is so relevant , it 's terrifying . It 's as if James Baldwin rose from the grave , warning us of the horrors we 've ignored and the horrors that might be ahead .
Along with reintroducing and reinterpreting Baldwin , the man and artist , for a new generation , Peck passionately conveys him as acutely relevant .
The most urgent movie of 2016 , which seems a strange thing to say about a movie written in the 1980s , predominately about the 1960s . But here we are .
Intelligent but sometimes discursive documentary about African-American author James Baldwin .
A film essay that 's powerfully and painfully relevant today even though its subject died almost 30 years ago .
Bringing a sense of gravitas to Baldwin 's words is Samuel L. Jackson , whose decidedly nonfurious narration is his finest performance to date , bar none .
Just in case you need a reminder that racism is not dead , James Baldwin , the intellectual , civil rights activist and renowned author , has left behind some biting and enlightening words about the subject .
James Baldwin 's touch was gentle even when he was taking no prisoners , and he was serious without being earnest . For the most part , so is `` I Am Not Your Negro . ''
James Baldwin 's requiem for three Civil Rights martyrs is also a letter addressed to future America and its `` vast , unthinking , cruel white majority . ''
By weaving in old speeches , pieces from other books , and even some visual juxtapositions that maybe only he fully understands , the director makes a persuasive , intuitive case for Baldwin as a poet and a prophet .
I Am Not Your Negro travels a straight , well-researched path from the darkest tragedies of American history to the ones that plague the country today .
An inspiring documentary on the legacy of the African-American writer and activist .
The jarring , seemingly inevitable transition from Baldwin to today makes clear that for all the progress anyone imagines has been made , `` What 's going to happen in this country '' remains exactly the real question .
The words of James Baldwin , heard -LRB- spoken by actor Samuel L. Jackson -RRB- and seen in this film , reach out to us from the past , reminding us that we have n't come as far as we think we have . We are still trapped in a history we do n't fully understand .
The evidence here is more intrinsically spiritual than fact-based , and , in the process , Peck has made one of this year 's finest documentaries .
It looks back at the volatile civil rights era , as it treats Baldwin as a capable voice to speak for the angry outsiders about racial bias and about being black in America .
Sorry , the dubious positive critical response , begs the question of Baldwin 's intent to disturb and provoke , not placate guilt-free white privilege . And with the ironic effect of twisting the notion of The Other , as not me but ` those whites over there . '
Memoir , analytical polemic , and behind them both the restless movement of an intellect fearlessly probing both itself and its situation in the world : Raoul Peck combines all three in I Am Not Your Negro .
Narrated by a restrained and unrecognizable Samuel L. Jackson , the film presents a compelling case of history that is still just as relevant and prudent today .
If you watch `` I Am Not Your Negro , '' you 'll spend a kaleidoscopic and transporting 90 minutes living inside James Baldwin 's mind , coming thrillingly close to his existential perception of the hidden meaning of race in America .
`` I Am Not Your Negro '' honors an influential 20th century writer by letting him speak for himself -- which he does beautifully and persuasively .
A stirring , stinging memorial .

@highlight

I Am Not Your Negro offers an incendiary snapshot of James Baldwin 's crucial observations on American race relations -- and a sobering reminder of how far we 've yet to go .