An atmospheric , disturbing and bloody movie , very true to the video games . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Visually arresting but only sporadically enthralling .
It 's one of the best video game adaptations I 've seen in years .
Whilst not as atrocious as some other films that have opened this year , the truely woeful story and quality of Silent is saved only by its occasion moments of visual flair , and its all over effective creepy atmosphere .
When everything starts being explained , the mystery evaporates and the world of the game loses its eerie bafflement .
The latest , most ambitious and perhaps least comprehensible video game adaptation in recent memory .
If you like your nightmares served upfront without the clutter of dramatic structure , then Silent Hill should be your next stop .
although it is rarely if ever jump-out-of-your-seat scary , Silent Hill is an unremittingly creepy municipality of the mind where motherhood , mystery and madness have come home to stay .
Silent Hill starts out at point A and then goes so quickly , loudly and visually over-the-top that it flies completely off the rails into its own glorious weirdness .
Director Christophe Gans charges , hell-bent , right over the plot and winds up with not much more than an oppressive 125-minute running time .
More deadly than silent .
Over long with a muddled story and a gaggle of wasted talent , Silent Hill is a spectacular misfire .
As a fluke , I took my mom -LRB- also named Rose -RRB- to the screening . She does n't like SF or horror and does n't even know what a video game is , yet she ended up really liking it ! How weird is that ?
the closest you 'll get to actually having a nightmare in a movie theatre outside of a midnight screening of David Lynch 's Eraserhead .
There 's absolutely nothing of merit here to discuss other than its loyalty to the original source material .
While Gans admittedly shows us some pretty spooky stuff , his energy begins to flag somewhere around the 60-minute mark .
As a nightmarish vision of hell on earth , Silent Hill is a triumph of production and art design . As a coherent story , it 's little more than a string of video game scenarios .
Silent Hill is like an endurance test to get to the '' ` truth ' , but it 's ultimately a gyp because it still does n't make sense when you get there .
Just like the game , which is an achievement and a disappointment all in one .
No thrills on this hill
Radha Mitchell is the reason to sit through this overblown Grand Guignol entertainment from the director of the similarly overblown `` Brotherhood of the Wolf . ''
Sweet dreams are most assuredly not made of this , but then again , it 's nice to see Uwe Boll clotheslined out of the video game-adaptation running for a while by such a smooth creeper .
Maybe it 's the kudos acquired by screenwriter Roger Avary in his association with Quentin Tarantino that has allowed him to write this unbelievably boring horror-thriller .
French director Christophe Gans 's adaptation of the Silent Hill computer game is visually inspired and thematically ambitious , yet ultimately uninvolving .
The truly scary thing about Silent Hill is that it 's 127 minutes long , which means it 's a good 20 to 30 minutes longer than most of the other similarly awful films inspired by video games .
Silent Hill ? Nonsenseville , more like .
No matter how you interpret the film , it 's nearly impossible to deny what a beautiful work of art it is .
Suggests the surreal , almost post-narrative horror movies of Dario Argento , Lucio Fulci and other directors who favor the emotional impact of bold , grotesque imagery over story logic .
Stuffed with cheap effects and devoid of tension , this French-Japanese-U.S. co-production contributes exactly zilch to the rich film history of those three nations .
If you like horror flicks , you 'll like this one ...
`` Silent Hill '' is n't worth clamoring about .
SILENT HILL leaves a lot up to you to figure out , but gamers used to conventions like phasing in and out of alternate worlds should have no problem going along for the ride . Middle-aged critics are another story .
A video game alone is not sufficient source material for a whole movie .
Without gristle on it , and disturbance behind it , there 's little to invest in .
The film 's peculiar rhythms % u2014action , exposition , action , exposition % u2014betray its video-game roots , but audiences unfamiliar with the Silent Hill series can be forgiven for thinking that the game asks players to run from place to place , shouting a l
Not scary , not interesting , not much of anything except visually stylish .
It 's refreshing to see a full-blown , straight-faced , supernatural horror movie in this age of grubby torture flicks being mistaken for the coin of the realm .
Silent Hill is mostly paralyzing in its vagueness .
Structured around a series of blackouts and gross-outs , Silent Hill is one long free fall through icky surrealism and underlighted nightmares .
` A lot of what gets called entertainment today is actually dumpster-diving for the mind ' applies to this incomprehensible , incoherent supernatural thriller .
This is an average movie , and not what Slient Hill , a standout , resonant game series , deserves .
the filmmakers may be hedging too many bets , trying to make the film both acceptable to fans and accessible to newcomers . But while SILENT HILL is far from perfect , it is at the very least a valiant effort
Absolutely atrocious , Silent Hill is probably the worst movie ever to be based on a video game .
The story is so unoriginal and uninvolving that you may find yourselves wishing the drippy , howling , viscera-smeared creatures would take Mitchell and the other humans out .
As I sat through this two hour stumble through what looked like fog , I just kept thinking to myself how this might be the best looking bad film I 've ever seen .
A great-looking but stupefyingly incoherent supernatural thriller ,
Though Silent Hill 's shoddy dialogue and incoherent story constantly irritate , several sights and scenes possess a certain surreal grandeur .
A mundane car wreck with a few promising scenes that lead absolutely nowhere .
The film is overlong , with too many unnecessary scenes -LRB- a lot of the movie seems like pointless running around -RRB- , but it packs in a few scary moments and offers a nicely ambiguous conclusion .
Too long by about a half hour , very much in love with its own excessive style , it still manages to be kinda creepy , at least when it stops taking its metaphysics too seriously .
The makers of the movie you 're slogging through will spare no expense to demonstrate how much they hate us .
Somehow the knowledge that you are three degrees of separation from Dabney Coleman and a computer called W.O.P.R. transforms trite claptrap into the words of the Bard himself .
Les images tordues du film sont impossible à oublier ...
Some of these scary figures march in jaunty-out-of-joint step as if they 've emerged from `` Thriller '' -LRB- if only Vincent Price might have provided voiceover explanations -RRB- .
I would admire the atmosphere a lot more if it amounted to something scary , creepy or original .
about as terrifying as several pages of single-spaced programming code . Granted , that sort of thing can be daunting , but scary , not so much .
Striking visuals tell a story where words are n't necessary ... until that turning point , when dull dialogue , a complicated plot and cheesy graphics start to muddle things .
It 's based on a video game not Shakespeare . Enough said . Either stay away due to its provenance or enjoy , as I did .
Silent Hill is not for lacking memorably nightmarish imagery , but the picture tries one 's patience far more often than it unnerves it .
Lessons learned : Never underestimate the creativity of a wronged West Virginian with access to barbed wire .
No matter how visually impressive Silent Hill may be , the incredibly weak story makes it a horrible film .
Not much more than a `` haunted town '' thrill-ride , with only a few plot points tossed in to keep things moving , Silent Hill truly is a feast for the eyes -- provided your eyeballs are n't too squeamish .
Silent Hill is groundbreaking , at least in being the first such film of any cinematic merit whatsoever .
Sharon vanishes and Rose sets about finding her daughter in the not-quite deserted town , where ash falls from the sky and every setting looks like a back-lot or soundstage .
Despite its often-overwhelming nonsensicality , there 's ultimately something irresistibly fiendish about Silent Hill .
Christophe Gans ' convoluted , overlong adaptation of the video game Silent Hill is the worst kind of horror movie : trash that takes itself seriously .
I have n't the first clue , and I 'm pretty sure neither do the filmmakers because , if they did , you 'd think they 'd have realized early on the meat and bones of their adventure were made out of nothing but burning ashes .
The literary equivalent of Java script .
Had Silent Hill been directed by Peter Jackson , perhaps there would have been an explanation or justification for its 127-minute length . But Christophe Gans ? Seriously ?
-LSB- Silent Hill -RSB- starts out a suffocating fog of creepiness wrapped around a memorably malevolent child spirit , but squanders its meticulously established atmosphere on a lengthy climactic sequence .
-LSB- Silent Hill -RSB- works up a decent amount of solid , creep-show atmosphere in its first act before making some absurd decisions of its own in its second .
Silent Hill starts out promisingly -- atmospheric and creepy -- but degenerates into a muddle of nonsensical plotting , dull characters and unintentional hilarity .
Let 's start with the running time for Silent Hill : two hours and five minutes . Totally out of control .
Not only can I not describe the plot of this movie , but I have a feeling the last scene reverses half of what I thought I knew -LRB- or did n't know -RRB- .
In the end , Silent Hill degenerates into an overblown replay of all those Twilight Zone and Stephen King stories in which outsiders stumble upon a time-warped location from which there 's no escape .
It 's this unwavering fidelity to the source material that is also the film 's biggest problem .
Witless , soulless and joyless .
Easily one of the most boring , incoherent and overproduced movies ever made . And at two full hours , it 's far too much of a bad thing .
Beautiful on the outside , but empty within .
-LSB- The -RSB- first frigged-up , terrifyingly nonsensical hour ... generates a wealth of shivery imagery that I wo n't be able to soon forget . But , Lord , I think I may want to .
Think the Cirque du Soleil performed by the cast from `` Saved By the Bell '' knee deep in diarrhea . It may be engrossing and even embarrassingly fun , but it 's also just a big disgusting mess .
It 's like a video game - the visual effects and the setting are carefully constructed , but without that core element provided by the player : a reason to care .
While this latest video game adaptation will most likely thrill its legions of fans with its graphic demonic depictions , the overblown plot deters the film from being a true fright fest .
Uwe Boll had nothing to do with this movie , but it has his general feeling of murkiness and poor plot structure .
This one is dumber than a bag of coffin nails , despite the directing hand of Christophe Gans .
Silent Hill has plenty of bad acting , bad dialogue and a confusing plot -- all of which become exponentially more painful when the movie goes on forever .
A genuinely creepy and deeply disturbing experience , as would be expected by fans of the games
It wants to get under your skin and unnerve you , and when that fails , it 's willing to grab you , shake you , and even yank your skin clean off if that 's what it takes to affect you .
The problem is , Hill gets lost in the foaming desire by Gans to maintain the movement and depth of the game , leaving the action lifeless and dreadfully repetitive .
it 's the ferocious production design and unrelenting atmosphere that fully immerses us in Gans ' horrifically breathtaking Silent Hill .
There is more blood , human remains and in your face kills in this film than we 've seen on the screen in a looooong time .



@highlight

Silent Hill is visually impressive , but as with many video game adaptations , it 's plagued by inane dialogue , a muddled plot , and an overlong runtime .