Beyond the Gates takes an unflinching look at the start of the Rwandan genocide .
This is a spiritual drama , not a political one , drawing a thick line between our good intentions and the selfish choices we ultimately make .
It simply presents , and assumes that we have the inherent morality to understand that what we are watching is evil .
Though less reassuring and not as dramatically coherent as Hotel Rwanda , it still packs a hard punch .
The film grinds inexorably toward its unsurprising and terrible conclusion with infinite grace but no real suspense .
An intense and gripping drama that makes you realize that this page in Rwandan history deserves to be told more than once , lest history forget .
The sight of one character , a pleasant soul full of love and a lust for life I could n't help but admire , suddenly brandishing a machete , his leg covered in blood and wearing a friendly smile made ice water run straight through my veins .
Movies about Africa often fall into this trap . Righteous indignation is the exclusive province of non-Africans .
Make sure you sit through the credits to learn about the victims who survived and worked on this film -- extraordinary !
The film chronicles man 's inhumanity to man during the Rwandan genocide of 1994 , -LRB- where -RRB- selflessness and selfishness stand side by side --
There 's little respite from the terrible history that this film retells just a determination -LRB- made stronger by the faces we see after the credits -RRB- to tell it , to be sure that history does n't forget .
A compelling drama about the 1994 genocide in Rwanda and the moral heroism of a compassionate priest .
A gripping , terrifying , profoundly touching human drama that 's definitely worth seeing .
A gripping fictionalized account of a 1994 incident in Rwanda that became a shocking emblem of the Rwandan Hutus ' mass slaughter of the Tutsis .
By keeping most of the action contained to the school grounds and immediate environs , director Michael Caton-Jones creates a claustrophobic atmosphere where fear can fester .
Instead of the latest major studio flummery , do yourself a favor and see this brilliant , low-budget independent masterpiece , one that educates as well as entertains .
Director Michael Caton-Jones does n't go for obvious pathos or simple outrage . He approaches the picture 's theme with a documentary realism that , scene by scene , heightens the drama .
The movie does suggest that Joe 's ignorance and sense of privilege , however honorable his intentions , make a dangerous combination .
By dodging cultural and political specifics in favor of a thriller-lite framework Beyond the Gates ends up serving largely as a tribute to the virtues of hindsight .
One of the most remarkable things about Beyond the Gates is its refreshingly positive view of the role that faith can play even in the darkest of times .
Tense and gut-wrenching , Beyond the Gates is a horrifying story told with grace and compassion .
If its scenes of tribal violence feel overly familiar to viewers of 2004 's Hotel Rwanda , its account of desperate choices made in the throes of terror remains emotionally powerful viewing .
The 1994 Rwandan genocide is once again the subject of a movie . Even more so than its forerunner Hotel Rwanda , Beyond the Gates is unsparing in its depiction of that terrible time .
No one would call Beyond the Gates subtle filmmaking . But the Rwandan crisis hardly calls for delicate handling , and this impassioned movie , fueled by genuine outrage , is one from the heart of director Michael Caton-Jones .
With other African-oriented dramas making the noted rounds it 's definitely warranted for `` Beyond the Gates '' to tell it like it is ... in all shades of dimming black and white .
A difficult sell because of the way it clutches its privileged white perspective . But from any perspective , the story it tells is so dramatic , so riveting , that it 's impossible to maintain any judgmental distance .
A relentlessly-grim reminder of how the world simply watched when it would have been so easy to put an end to the madness .
Director Michael Caton-Jones does a great job and John Hurt just absolutely carries the day as the moral center of the story .
Caton-Jones ' dramatization of an all-too-real story carries an authenticity that often makes it difficult to bear , particularly when one considers that much the same thing is now occurring in the Sudan .
This depressing if worthy drama can only really scratch the surface of a tragedy that remains unfathomable both for its savagery and for the sheer indifference of the outside world .
Convincingly revisits the horror of 1994 's civil war in Rwanda .
Beyond the Gates is tragedy writ large , and an indictment of the international community which did nothing to stop it .
Flawed but worthwhile .
at its center is a core of bitter outrage that will leave at least some viewers in stunned , heart-stopping dismay by the time the lights go up
Trumps Hotel Rwanda in its you-are-there immediacy and unflinching gaze .
I think Beyond the Gates is an important film , and it 's too bad that it 's not a very good one .
The greatest failure of the film is its inability to enter into the lives of the Rwandans , Tutsi and Hutu alike .
The bigger political issues and the refusal of the Western world to intervene gnaw at the edges of this movie throughout , but it is really the human portraits of the people that keep you engrossed .
Beyond the Gates , with its lack of sentimentality , its tough criticism of U.N. inaction , and its cast and crew filled out with real survivors , does nicely -LSB- as a retelling of the Rwandan genocide of 1994 -RSB- .
Treads similar territory as Hotel Rwanda but successfully fills-in the blanks . A fine and welcome addition to the recent wave of African dramas .
In spite of heartfelt performances from John Hurt and Hugh Dancy , director Michael Caton-Jones -LRB- `` Scandal '' -RRB- keeps an arm 's distance from his volatile subject and fails to expand on an epic tragedy that is being replicated in places like Darfur .
Honest and moving , ` Beyond the Gates ' is the best film to date about the slaughter of a million and displacement of hundreds of thousands in Africa .
Not a definitive cinematic statement on the Rwandan genocide but certainly a far preferable dramatic treatment of the atrocity than Hotel Rwanda .
Despite a true story that generates powerful feelings of rage and insult , and for all its worthy intentions , the film lacks a dramatic craftsman to make it fully engaging .
There 's a fine performance from John Hurt as a Catholic priest who gives shelter to fugitives in his school , and at the end we 're introduced to various survivors of the tragedy who worked on the film .
Effectively shows how good intentions without forcefulbackup can lead to impotence and disaster within aforeign culture .
History tells us there was no happy ending in Rwanda , and `` Shooting Dogs '' is not an easy picture to watc
A harrowing tale , with John Hurt shining as a priest whose commitment to his parishioners and students is informed by Christian love and sadness .
Despite its reliance on the white characters for drama , its biggest achievement is simply in revealing the sheer horror of the genocide .
Not only does Shooting Dogs have something worthwhile to say , it 's also incredibly important . That cinema has dared to challenge the truth of the Rwandan genocide is to be celebrated .
There 's no way this story could ever have made a bad film , but a script that refuses sentimentality and fine acting elevate it just short of greatness .
Where Hotel Rwanda was slick and professional , Shooting Dogs is both more earnest and more awkward .
Caton-Jones orchestrates the spiralling violence with considerable dexterity , revealing a keen understanding of how , in the wrong circumstances , human beings can and do inflict the most barbaric cruelties upon one another .
A passion project for those involved , it is angry and earnest and highlights an episode the international community have never quite dealt with : how it sat back and watched as thousands of Africans were killed .
Earthier and more rough-edged than Hotel Rwanda
Shooting Dogs falls into the trap of filtering an inherently African story through the eyes of a noble white protagonist .
For all its righteous -LRB- and rightful -RRB- anger , Shooting Dogs is itself a curiously detached and compromised experience , unfolding stubbornly from the perspective of its white characters .
... uncompromising ...






@highlight

Complex , human characters and on-location shooting give Beyond the Gates palpable tension and urgency .