Jean-Francois Richet directs , but the real plaudits belong to writers Peter Craig and Andrea Berloff for their gritty but witty screenplay , and to Gibson and Moriarty , who spar well together . Welcome back , Mel .
The ensuing action is very much in the Taken vein ... but director Jean-François Richet handles the action briskly , while Mel displays an impressive emotional vulnerability - when he is n't knocking lumps out of the bad guys .
It is , in the end , impossible to label Blood Father as anything less than a massive missed opportunity ...
The dialogue goes like a Gatling gun and the action is its match .
Blood Father boasts enough momentum and lively banter to compensate for any generic leanings . Robert Gantz ' scorched cinematography keeps the heat on , even during quieter moments .
Unexceptional , occasionally exciting chase film with Mel Gibson playing a grizzled recovering alcoholic whose destitute life is given purpose when his missing daughter calls him for help .
It would 've been a straight-to-video thing if its star was n't named ` Mel Gibson ' . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
The troubled actor has n't been this charismatic on screen for more than a decade .
Violent and unashamedly trashy , Blood Father certainly is - and blunt , brutal , hardly original yet mostly efficient as well .
A surprisingly solid action thriller , Blood Father delivers exactly what you expect , and then some .
A rollicking B-flick enlivened by a stellar performance from its leading man .
Thanks to the superb directorial execution and Mel Gibson 's outstanding performance , you definitely wo n't be disappointed with the overall end result .
This little gem has a solid vision and attacks with everything it has , without hesitation . Despite its problems , manages to meet expectations . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A conventional B-movie where only Mel Gibson really stands out . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It wo n't leave you thinking for days but it is enjoyable , action-packed and a bit knowingly silly .
An action movie that criticizes , very subtly , the most absurd aspects of American culture . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It has good actions moments , but also delves into the story of a man who fell very low and brings out the best to help her daughter to build the life he could n't gave her . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A raw B-movie in which Gibson blazes with dark charisma , edgy wit and the kind of suppressed anger that became his trademark .
Some of the dialogue sounds a little written , though Gibson 's tendency to bellow his lines like a wounded bull elephant compensates and carries us along with the story .
Having been to Hollywood hell and back , Mel Gibson is perfectly placed to play the battered big daddy par excellence .
It 's also so relentlessly grisly that it borders on cartoonish . But with such riveting actors at the centre and in side roles , it 's easy to sit back and go with it .
Sly observations on American hypocrisy , a fresh father-daughter dynamic , and terrific performances elevate this a cut above the typical revenge thriller .
If you overlook the corniness , it is proper , high-octane , thrilling stuff , as father and daughter go on the run from the gangsters and , the least of their problems , the police .
Gibson is only 60 years old , a few years younger than Liam Neeson , and so could conceivably continue appearing in action movies like this for years to come . He clearly has the knack for it .
At its best it 's a whole lot of fun , director Jean-François Richet -LRB- Assault on Precinct 13 , Mesrine -RRB- and his game leading man serving up a tasty slice of B-movie goodness .
Not to be taken seriously at any point , this is just a crowd-pleasingly nasty revenge saga , which builds to a surprising and unexpectedly downbeat desert showdown .
Mel Gibson is back and he 's madder than ever in Blood Father , a weary , B-movie thriller with intriguing parallels to the star 's own life .
There 's an unexpectedly engaging performance from Gibson and terrific supporting turns from William H Macy as his neighbour and AA sponsor , and from Erin Moriarty as his wayward daughter .
In the grizzled spectacle Gibson willingly makes of himself , it has a B-movie equivalent of that A-plus Mickey Rourke comeback , delivered with just enough clout to count as a step in the right direction .
There are few more exhilarating sights in all of cinema than Mel Gibson unleashing a world of hurt on a bunch of crack-eyed , greasy-haired crooks .
Jean-François Richet elevates the predictable action with swagger , while a grizzled Gibson gives us glimpses of his glory days
This is Mel Gibson back to doing what he once did best , just older and grumpier . The movie has problems but delivers when it needs to .
A silly but fun addition to the geri-action genre .
For fans of Mel Gibson , it should provide a timely reminder that he still commands a powerful , likeable screen presence .
Despite the competent script and experienced directing , this film would have just been middling without the performances to inject some personality into it .
Mad Mel 's return ... taut , tailor-made actioner that brings star 's career full circle ... Our advice to Gibson : Continue along this path . Solid , no-frills vehicles like this will rally your original base .
A simply combination of a thriller and a road movie . Vigorous , self-conscious and honest . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of the most entertaining films of this year . A thriller that reminds me of the ones made decades ago . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Like Mel Gibson , this movie is a bit of a throwback .
While the violent B-Movie is far from autobiographical , it does offer the fallen screen idol a chance to acknowledge his past crimes and misdemeanours in a manner that plays to his strengths .
It 's no masterpiece , but it 's a moderately enjoyable ride and it 's good to see Gibson back on form for the first time in quite a while .
Though Blood Father is very much a derivative revenge thriller that owes a moderate debt to Liam Neeson 's Taken series , it benefits big-time from a cracking lead performance from Gibson .
This one is workmanlike - choreographed with skill and without pretension . It does the job .
Will this film resurrect Gibson 's career ? Probably not . Will it leave you breathless and wondering why you have n't watched your favourite Russ Meyer classics for so long ? Absolutely .
As entertainment , Blood Father is superior to many in its genre - and at less than 90 minutes , it 's over before there 's much time to consider what , if anything , the filmmakers might be trying to say .
` Blood Father ' is a movie worth watching thanks to Gibson 's performance . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Guns guns guns , blah blah blah ... Gibson 's character in Jean-Farançois Richet 's Blood Father may fit him like a glove , but the glove is ugly and old-fashioned , unsuited for these times .
That the picture could find life as a study of forgiveness and new beginnings , while still cracking skulls , is an impressive achievement .
... a predictable , empty film ...
Blood Father is a funny , gritty action thriller that gets the action right , and still has some blood-soaked sentiments worth the `` devoted father '' storytelling .
This well-made action-chase movie could have easily fallen apart along its well-worn story grooves , but nifty characters and electric dialogue , along with intense action , keep it alive .
This is the kind of film that will attract Mel fans , action junkies and those who are tired of superhero movies . `` Blood Father '' harkens back to past times .
Pretty much gives you all that you could want from a pulp fiction in which Mel Gibson plays a grizzled loner inking skin in a spot called the Missing Link Tattoo .
Mel Gibson does grizzly !
It 's one hell of a ride filled with tension and explosive outcomes ; every character is shady , colourful or both
Entertaining as hell , with a great performance from Gibson as an ex-con seeking redemption who ca n't deny his baser impulses .
Although Gibson 's films always showed ambivalence about our culture 's relation to violence , in Blood Father , he offers a necessary reproof to Tarantino culture .
The movie is pretty good .
The film works , that 's it , and for genre fans this is one ferocious underground throwback worth putting forth the effort to see .
This feisty little B movie ... is n't anything new , but Mel Gibson , carrying his cross of onscreen suffering , gives a powerful performance , all aging machismo leavened with witty comebacks .
To put it bluntly , Blood Father kicks Taken 's ass any day .
Mel Gibson 's grizzled , scruffy ex-con is a revelation , a consistently compelling character caught in a hole he thought he 'd already dug himself out of .
It 's pretty familiar territory , enlivened somewhat by Gibson 's growly charisma and some gritty throwback visuals .
In the end , the negative aspects are too great and leave one wondering how things might have turned out if only for a few changes here and there .
It gives Gibson a second -LRB- or third or fourth -RRB- chance to return and redeem himself as a beloved action hero . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As an actor , Mel Gibson is an expert at digging and filling up a well of rage that , at any moment , seems ready to overflow and drown anyone in the vicinity .
Things come to a halt before the going gets really good .
An efficient and pleasurable bad-man-tries-to-go-good exposition that gives Mel Gibson ample opportunity to flex his now-somewhat-grizzled movie-star muscle .
Low-key action junkies will be satisfied with this 88-minute romp , but Mel Gibson 's fans will be rewarded with much more .
The movie 's a small gem : a good old-fashioned chase picture , thickened with pulp .
A violent , grungy , Peckinpah-lite action thriller that 's worth checking out just to be reminded how powerful an actor Mel Gibson continues to be-even if the parts are n't coming like they once were .
Gibson is still a terrifically charismatic presence who inhabits damaged , self-destructive rascals , perhaps because that 's how he wants to be seen .
Mel Gibson makes a brilliant return to the revenge-thriller genre with a surprisingly strong effort .
A delicious gourmet cheeseburger , like ` Taken ' deconstructed and then reassembled with higher-quality parts .
Jean-François Richet 's film shrewdly capitalizes on Mel Gibson 's off-screen embarrassments and controversies .
This is a quick B movie , full of practical effects that feel startlingly fresh and clever moments that are both smart and self-aware .
Probably the best straight-up action flick of the year . Mel Gibson 's best vehicle in a long time .
Gibson is superb here . With white patched black beard , muscular frame and piercing eyes capable of burning holes into any man 's soul , Gibson reminds of a grizzly papa bear whose roar matches his bite .
Director Jean-François Richet keeps the action set pieces and shootouts coming with bracing regularity , but Blood Father does n't grind to a halt while it 's catching a breath , thanks to the spot-on screenplay .
Blood Father has been dismissed as trash after its Cannes preview . That 's the curse of the action movie . For fans of the genre , that kind of thing is a badge of honor .
There are flashes of pathos in this by the numbers , borderlands `` careless actions by stupid daughter brings tough old bastard of a dad out of retirement '' Blood Father , but they appear rarely .
A serviceable piece of B-movie entertainment without an ounce of originality . But audiences that respond to films like these are unlikely to think that 's a dealbreaker .
`` Blood Father '' is trash , but it does capture what an accomplished and winning actor Mel Gibson can be . Just because he lost his bearings , and his career , does n't mean that he lost his talent .
In his personal life , his rage has publicly manifested in horribly offensive ways . As an actor , Gibson is at his best when he taps into it .

@highlight

Blood Father meets every expectation a film fan could have for a latter-day Mel Gibson action thriller with its title -- and even , in some respects , handily exceeds them .