Light , silly fun , amiably performed by both its veteran cast and exuberant young ` uns .
It is a wildly self-indulgent fantasy adventure that should have gone straight to Youtube , where all ` Dad-thinks-he 's - cool-with-a-camera ' home videos belong .
Chaotic , messy , and horribly mind-numbing ...
Yes , it 's definitely made for the much younger set , but it also has quite a few zany little off guard touches , resulting in genuine laughs for anyone who can appreciate the humor .
... what poignancy is served injecting heavy messages about parenting ... into a movie which glorifies the suburban existence , makes light of bullying , and gratuitously employs property destruction for comic effect ?
... a mishmash of slapstick fights , tiny green men , galumphing alligators , nose picking , giant booger monsters , and endless silliness .
Shorts is constantly pinballing back and forth , from one thing to the next , in such a hyperactive fashion that one wishes it would just slow down a bit .
A fun trifle -- essentially , a homemade ` Little Rascals ' update in which youngsters with a ` wishing rock ' wreak accidental havoc -LRB- and create upright crocodiles , a giant dung beetle , a ` big bad booger ' monster and an intellectual telepathic baby -RRB- .
All of these adventures call on Rodriguez 's fascination with visual effects , which could be tough on his human cast , but he has the wit to keep them in focus . All up , it 's good fun .
A kid-friendly caper that 's drunk a bit too much CGI-spiked red cordial .
Exactly the sort of kid-in-a-candy-store experience you 'd expect .
Good clean fun is what Robert Rodriguez delivers in this energetic and inventive film about wishes and being connected .
Boy , is this dumb . I mean in the way that something can be so silly and disgusting it 's dumb .
That potential is not realized in `` Shorts '' primarily because of the chaotic structure of the story , which lurches back through a series of disjointed flashbacks .
Dives straight into whiz-bang gizmoland , opting for `` pause , rewind '' flourishes . Cute and enjoyable family fare , then , if a little forced .
It 's a vacuous feature , devoid of any charms ; a cartoon mishmash missing fizz and ingenuity to make it bearable to any audience member crazy enough to evolve beyond a fascination with nostril functions .
This is a movie only an 8 year old could make up , or Robert who seems to be insanely connected to his kids . And that 's a wonderful thing .
A movie aimed at kids which will have adults complaining it is n't short enough
This loud and energetic work wo n't add much value to family frolic films and messages that warn one to be careful what you wish for .
Although it 's a film that 's constructed around wish-fulfilment gone awry and a series of madcap chases , Shorts also has a heart . Rodriguez 's best kids film yet .
In the Disneyfied dumbed-down marketplace for kids ' films , there 's something daring and even refreshing in a movie which messes with conventional narrative . If only it was n't so frantic .
It 's like a pre-teen Pulp Fiction .
The special effects are n't up to scratch and the scrappy , episodic conceit detracts rather than enhances .
A cute , special-effects comedy for easily pleased children .
Shorts is too lazy and telegraphed to be classed as a good children 's film and not smart enough to keep grown-ups engaged for its duration .
Kids will love this because it speaks directly to them , never patronises with crass product placement and also sends out a rather touching message that what really matters are friends ... not mobile phone applications .
A chaotic , hyperactive , sugar-rush of a film with special effects that appear quaintly hand-knitted and low-tech .
Just creative enough to keep kids glazed over with nominal interest , but it wo n't challenge them much ...
Kids find boogers and farts irresistible . Shorts is a kids movie for kids . Completely . Adults are welcome to come along for the ride .
Rodriguez 's latest flick is fun , immature and very imaginative . Sometimes , it feels good to just sit back and not have to think .
A sloppy and stupid mess whose only virtues are that it is n't in 3-D and that it is slightly better than `` The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lava Girl . ''
Shorts was never made for adults in mind . Like Rodriguez ' other kids film , it 's made for kids , particularly young boys . And there 's nothing wrong with that .
The latest child 's - eye adventure from Robert Rodriguez , Shorts does n't hit the heights of his Spy Kids series . But it provides just enough smart , silly fun for families desperately seeking an easy escape from hazy August humidity .
The movie is as lumpy and misshapen as a giant booger .
Shorts may not be destined for long-term greatness -- it feels cheerfully disposable in every way -- but the film is also fast and funny , and grown-ups will not suffer sitting through it .
I 'm not sure if parents will be counting out each of Shorts ' 89 minutes or not , begging for it to end , but I 'm guessing 8-year-olds will absolutely love it .
Rodriguez never lets things get too noisy or chaotic to follow , and he wraps everything up in a satisfying resolution that even slips in a stealth moral or two .
Yes , I realize this is a kids ' movie , but that 's no excuse for short-circuiting creativity .
The results here are more grueling than imaginative , more moronic than madcap .
Trimming the flashy CGI and giving attention to character and substance are n't failsafe tactics , but they 're tactics that simply play better ... And the final product will command a shelf life lasting longer than it takes to lick down a popsicle .
My fourth-grader giggled maniacally . The 9-year-old in me did , too .
Funny , imaginative fantasy from Spy Kids director .
Rodriguez knows how to captivate kid audiences who barely have the attention spans for a Skittles commercial .
Clever , inventive and adventurous , it hits that sweet spot where kids ' movies meet adult sensibilities .
Be careful what you wish for , Shorts reminds us ; you just might get it . Especially if that wishing was along the lines of a smart and funny kids ' flick .
Rodriguez should have turned to Tarantino for a few pointers on non-linear narrative .
Magic vies with technology in this exuberant adventure comedy , which unfolds achronologically in a series of zany , effects-laden vignettes .
If parents feel like they 've seen much of Shorts before , its celebration of mayhem and restless , thrill-seeking vibe will absorb young viewers , especially as the boredom of late summer begins to set in .
Some family films strike just the right balance , engaging for viewers of any age . Shorts is not one of those movies .
So structurally complicated that it almost qualifies as an experimental film and if it fails - as it does - it would be uncharitable to condemn Rodriguez for that .
Akin to watching a home movie made by your neighbor 's kids if they happened to be the offspring of a millionaire filmmaker .
You ca n't fault the film 's exuberance , but it 's draggy in spots , with the grown-up cast outshone by Jolie Vanier 's little terror - nattily monikered Helvetica Black .
Parental Content Review
Think of Shorts as The Hangover for 10-year-olds -- or for anybody who truly appreciates booger humor .
Has fleeting moments of excitement and thrills , but too often veers into silliness , inanity and blandness while ultimately failing to entertain older and younger audiences simultaneously .
Gaudy , goofy and too busy for its own good . For every idea or sight gag that sticks , there 's 10 that do n't . Best for DVD , when you 'll be in control of the pause button .
At 89 minutes , even though the story is repetitive and the humour childish , there 's no time to get bored . Five to ten year-olds will find it cool . Adults , less so .
Not only cheap looking and hard to follow , Shorts ' big fault is that it 's not funny - a major problem given it 's meant to be a comedy .
It is saved by occasional moments of comedy and the special effects are outstanding . But they are n't enough to rescue this turkey .
Feels underwritten and overdressed .
Can we wish for a fresher subplot than that of pleasure-deadened grown-ups who live their lives in a stupor of consumerism ?
Shorts is this summer 's hip family flick .
From whirling mini-UFOs to giant animated nose bogeys , the screen is never still and the script never smart or engaging .
No denying his energy , but it 's like the energy of a kid with attention deficit disorder : his stories ca n't settle on anything for more than a few minutes .
-LSB- A -RSB- fantastically zany if draggingly storyless story .
There 's more fun to be had from watching the various miracles on display than deciphering the story , or wondering why William H Macy and James Spader took bit parts in it .
Patchy but likeable children 's fantasy adventure , thanks to a solid cast , an imaginative script and some nice ideas .
Popcorn for the eyes that will grab the attention of kids .
An endearingly scrappy and anarchic adventure movie that serves as a pleasing antidote to the banality of recent kid flicks .
Rodriguez rebounds to make something energetic , creative , and sunny , finally harnessing his imagination the way he did in the original Spy Kids .
Decent filler for kids but too tedious for adults , -LSB- Robert -RSB- Rodriguez already proved he can do better than this with the first two Spy Kids .
It 's a brightly colored headache of a movie with lowbrow humor and obnoxious characters that will be just as much of an irritant to children as it is to their parents .
Fast-paced , imaginative and often cute , Shorts is slight but enjoyable family fare .
So smug and self-satisfied that it drains from the proceedings whatever charm there might have been .
Shorts channels the same gross-out overkill as the Captain Underpants books that parents endure and pre-teen boys so dearly love . The difference is that those books have an editor -LRB- and they 're funnier -RRB- .
Shorts jumps right over the line between energetic and frenzied and zooms right on by .
It 's like Shorts raided the concession stand and then has to sit slumped in its seat long after the sugar buzz wears off .
A little enthusiasm goes a long way , but Rodriguez 's films too often demonstrate that it does n't go far enough .
Slipped into Robert Rodriguez 's smart , funny , fast-as-lightning kids ' movie , Shorts , are several sly comments on American culture and the tyranny of technology .
Both overstuffed and , despite the profligacy , curiously tedious . It must be admitted , though , that the ` wishing rock ' seems to work . I wished devoutly for Shorts to end , and eventually it did .
this time around , Rodriguez is vying for Father of the Year
It 's perfectly silly , but irresistible fun .
Rodriguez 's technical wizardry is less showy here than in his other recent outings , which helps Shorts connect with kids on a basic human level . Parents will , no doubt , be renting this electronic babysitter for a long time to come .
I 'll give Robert Rodriguez this : He follows his own vision ... But Ed Wood followed his own vision , too ...
Robert Rodriguez 's best family film since ` Spy Kids , ' it 's aimed at a small-fry audience .
Devoid of any charms ; a cartoon mishmash missing fizz and ingenuity to make it bearable to any audience member crazy enough to evolve beyond a fascination with nostril functions .
This hyperactive adventure may keep children giggling at the sheer chaos on screen , but it 'll wear out older viewers looking for something that actually holds the attention .
Somewhere around the time a giant booger runs riot through the town , one wishes for a bit more adult supervision .
The effort is certainly more appreciable than the execution .
Robert Rodriguez channels his inner 11-year-old with Shorts , a childish but fun wish fulfillment-fantasy for kids that 's equal parts boogers , big messages and product placement .
As imaginative as Shorts is , it 's never very funny . Rodriguez apparently was too busy to be bothered with honing the script so the jokes actually generate laughs .
A cute and mildly clever fantasy .
Robert Rodriguez 's Shorts may have a more complex narrative than Spy Kids but it 's otherwise just as bland .
Shorts generally works precisely because it unfolds at breakneck pace and in a world where seemingly anything can happen .
The CG slapstick soon grows wearying and even predictable .
More zippy , diverting fun from Robert Rodriguez 's family filmmaking factory .






@highlight

Shorts has imagination and energy , but most viewers beyond elementary school will likely tire of the kiddie humor and sensory overload .