Enchanting fantasy turns teen into sweet , selfless princess .
Enchanting fantasy turns teen into sweet , selfless princess .
Richards starred in 2007 's The Golden Compass and , compared with big-budget fantasies of that kind , this smaller effort ca n't help looking mimsy , despite its good intentions .
A film about magic that remains obdurately unmagical .
A sluggish narrative is further hampered by `` comic '' turns -LRB- Juliet Stevenson , as a gurning governess -RRB- and some frankly shameless knockoffs .
Routine special effects merely add to the impression that this is a second division fantasy .
A sweet if faintly soporific fantasy adventure for family audiences .
This whimsical children 's tale is uninspired yet does n't drop far enough below mediocrity to justify a place in the lineup of `` so-bad-they 're - good '' movies .
Fantasy does n't come feebler than this .
It 's a slow-moving affair with wooden acting , duff special effects and some woefully unfunny comic moments from Tim Curry as an undersized chef . All in all , the thing 's severely lacking in magic .
The Secret Of Moonacre lacks action , adventure and magic .
Luminescent and transporting , this is a fairy tale you 'll want to live inside - just not one you 'll want to sit through for 103 minutes .
Whilst missing a trick in terms of script and casting , at least they 've amped up the action from the somewhat sedate book .
Nicely put together , but just a little dull .
It 's not quite a disaster but this disappointing and poorly executed fantasy adventure never reaches the level of magic and enchantment it needs to succeed .
Apart from some wooden over-acting , The Secret of Moonacre is a shrewd mix of live action and exotic animation by the Hungarian director Gabor Csupo .
The cast looks vaguely uncomfortable too . Even shameless scenery-chewer Curry ca n't muster any enthusiasm for an over-earnest script that throws around pearls of non-wisdom like moondust .
The costumes are beautiful . The sets are impressive ... But somehow the movie feels cheap and malnourished , as if the money ran out when they were only halfway there .
The production design gives us plenty for the eye but a dull screenplay and patchy editing hardly bring the fantasy to life .
Poorly written , badly acted and ultimately disappointing fantasy adventure that suffers from plodding direction and fails to connect on an emotional level .
It 's been adapted from a kids ' book called The Little White Horse , and the plot 's been totally mangled . But to be fair , the costumes are great .
Without a coherent central tone , this fantasy adventure feels like it drifts all over the place

@highlight

Despite impressive production values , this is staid , plodding and unimpressive fantasy-fare , with poor performances struggling with an underdeveloped script .