This long-overdue follow-up goes the way of most sequels , delivering a visually impressive but far more simplistic -- and thus unsatisfying -- story .
With its themes of human arrogance , wastefulness , creativity , and the definitions and limits of life and the mind , Innocence is pretty heavy . It 's also visually stunning .
Much like Akira in the 1980s , this is the film that sets the standard by which all others of its kind are judged - and usually found wanting .
the mind-blowing story and its reality-bending aesthetic form a sublime continuum , where the medium becomes part of the message ... this is animation at its most acute and enthralling .
Gone is much of the bombast of the original ...
Mamoru Oshii 's 2004 follow-up to his 1995 anime noir is that rare sequel that surpasses the original .
Too talky and philosophical for kids , and dabbling in lavish imagery that lacks enough narrative coherence to hook adults , this is an animated feature that , well , needed to get a little more animated .
The elegance , attention to detail , the invention and expertise all ensure that the movie 's never less than visually breathtaking .
For Japanimation fans it 's a big-screen must-see .
If you can get past the weighty aphorisms that pass for dialogue , the film has an obscure beauty and rich , melancholy tone .
Muddled up with philosophising about the relationship between mind and the material world .
It looks absolutely sensational .
The staggering beauty of Oshii 's animation more than makes up for the fact that his plot is completely impenetrable .
One long , tedious rumination on the blurring distinction between man and machines .
If you 're already an anime fan , this is required viewing . If not , this is n't going to convert you anytime soon .
Japanese animated film which explores the nature of post-modern existence and consciousness is a mixed bag in terms of both narrative and images .
While one ca n't accuse Innocence of being dim , it is certainly long winded and cliché .
Oshii allows the plot to be overwhelmed by a slew of cockamamie musings on the nature of existence that would n't float in a late-night dorm room smokeout .
With this beautiful , thought-provoking , adrenaline-fuelled film , Oshii heralds a truly post-human era in which all forms of ` life ' deserve our respect .
Pure , wordless cinema , existing in a realm too deliciously mysterious to pull down .
In this anime it 's a basset hound that brings the only bits of warmth .
The animation is vivid and surrealistic .
Occasional passages of shell-cracking egghead overload aside , there 's no getting past Innocence 's astounding visual power .
Compared to many anime films , Oshii 's anime style is still different , an intoxicating blend of mechanical and organic , like his characters .
The effect of so much pretension and so many lovely images eventually becomes soporific .
The images are never ostentatious ; instead , they evoke both the terror and wonder of things that lie beyond the grasp of human understanding .
Innocence entertains , but it does n't resonate .
Unlike his American peers , Japanese writer-director Mamoru Oshii makes animated films that are as serious as a heart attack .
' -LSB- Oshii -RSB- is a visionary . His world is unmistakably his , -LSB- and -RSB- it 's a hypnotic place to be . '
The Blade Runner-esque worldscape is gorgeously realized , but the script 's philosophical ramblings about existence are real head-scratchers .
All the philosophical chattering here starts to become wearying . But the action scenes help , and there 's no denying how dazzling the animation is .
Victims shudder from ` the terror of being reduced to simple mechanisms and matter , ' but Oshii clearly wants us to ask : What 's the difference ?
the visual virtuoso 's work suffers from his unconcern about dramatizing his ideas in terms of basic story structure
Anime fans , notorious lovers of high-tech eye candy that they are , will forgive the occasional tedium ; the movie 's simply too handsome to ignore .
Innocence reveals a perfect marriage of digital and hand-drawn styles .
All the elements of a drop-dead animated classic combined with the tiresome violence of ubiquitous arcade entertainment .
This is a bold film , that tries so hard to be intellectual and different , but ultimately ends up being too smart for it 's own good .
Praiseworthy for its concepts and aesthetics , yet it is too theory-heavy and action-shy , clumped with philosophical tangents and scholarly reference points .
Solemnly questioning issues of science and metaphysics , it creates a spell that 's a unique blend of the ominous and the sensual .
Complex and a little hard to follow but imaginative and spectacular anime film .
Devotees of anime deserve better writing , pacing and animation than this film delivers .
At its best , a puzzling art film deserving multiple viewings and interpretations
Possessed of a highly literate , almost classical story , the search for the meaning of human life itself , and the unshakable belief that it encompasses much more than skin and bones .
As a work of art that takes a hard look at Man 's interaction with the machines that he creates , it is a great film ; as a casual movie to pass the time of day , it is a violent mess filled with incomprehensible psycho-babble .
At times , the blur between cyber-reality and reality is hard to discern , but Oshii 's visual artistry is so hypnotic and original , it 'll resonate even with those who are n't in the know .
It certainly was n't worth the effort to pay the money to get in -LSB- and I got in for free -RSB- .
Breathtakingly beautiful .
Its intentions are n't as clear as they should be , but it 's clearly the work of a deep-thinking artist with a fearful concern for a future in which the nature of humanity is entirely uncertain .
Does n't match the weight of its predecessor , or really add anything necessary to the saga , but it does n't hurt the body of work , either .
Extraordinarily rich visually , with a density of detail that would have impressed Breughel or Veronese .
Unplug from the narrative , let the images of Ghost in the Shell 2 : Innocence wash over you , and enjoy the beautiful ride .
Portentous and pretentious , Shell 2 crawls along like a machine on low batteries .
Philosophy 's never looked so cool .
More vital than most police procedurals , fusing the metaphysical and the scientific into a pulp yarn with a gentle but bruising philosophical kick .
A spellbinding original , evoking such otherworldly classics as Alice in Wonderland and Beetlejuice .
Do n't even bother trying to figure out what 's going on in Ghost in the Shell 2 : Innocence -- just sit back and enjoy the lush , trippy visuals .
While often strikingly designed , it suffers from the tedious exposition and static image flow that is frustratingly typical of much Japanese animation .
I was not only able to comprehend Ghost in the Shell 2 : Innocence , but connect with it emotionally . And that 's all the more impressive considering the characters are something less than human .
While the visuals are at times stylish , Ghost suffers most from a distinct lack of anything , well , cinematic .
This spectacular sequel to Oshii 's 1996 Ghost in the Shell may not be quite as good as the first , but it 's still a trip to a universe almost impossible to describe yet so vivid that once you 've visited , you 'll never forget .
It 's a must see for the theater . Do n't just wait for DVD , or you 'll miss out .
Visually stunning and mentally numbing . Not only will you not be able to understand it ... you wo n't care .
If I ever wrap my mind around Ghost in the Shell 2 , I expect someone to hand me a post-graduate degree in existential philosophy .
Anyone who wants to see animation pushed to its limits should go .
Never less than spectacular . It seamlessly combines sophisticated hand-drawn animation with computer-rendered backgrounds .
Pretty much impenetrable , but what makes it especially exhausting is a mountain of technical babble and long-winded philosophical reveries that slow everything down .
-LSB- C -RSB- a n't get beyond its own baroqueness to fully engage us ...
I never enjoyed a movie more that I understood less .
Innocence is nothing if not ambitious , and that is its best trait -- it wants to hash out ideas first and provide action second .
The cyberpunk metaphysics at the core of the intellectually demanding mystery are more demanding than the ideas behind most American science-fiction films .
Innocence does n't just reveal a wealth of visual enchantments ; it restates the case that there can and should be more to feature-length animations than cheap jokes , bathos and pandering .
A rehash that takes a timely theme , mankind 's obsession with technology , and bloats it to the point of incomprehension , cramming meaning into dialogue that has none .
This is a meaning-of - everything flick -- with a superficial plot about murderous androids -- yet its main characters are interesting because of their connection to each other rather than the metaphysical .
A stunning work of animation artistry and a compelling metaphysical inquiry into what constitutes humanity and machine .
Ingeniously crafted with flashes of intelligence , if not very memorable .
A revelation , a challenging yet enlightening journey into the depths of creativity and imagination .
The plot is difficult to follow , but the imagery needs no translation .
Baits us with an involving film-noir murder mystery , then switches to all that man/machine consciousness mumbo-jumbo ... then splatters blood all over the place .
Batou is mostly cyborg , Togusa is mostly human . But since both are made with the DNA of the Tokyo-born Oshii , they 're both gogglingly original .
Those able to pick through the hiss-tangled web of circuitry and wiring will find Ghost in the Shell 2 an electrically-charged philosophical action movie .
Gorgeous .
Embodying the best and worst stereotypes of the genre , it 's amazingly beautiful to look at and often utterly incomprehensible .
It is a conceit that offers the insight , not surprising perhaps , that humans are indistinguishable from machines .
This sophomoric stuff is pure self-indulgence , a drone to accompany the admittedly eye-popping sound-and-light show .
Most strikingly , some of these visuals are absolutely hands-down , chillingly gorgeous . But , loses momentum as it confuses among other problems . Still , striking .
You can call me fanboy , but this is the best anime I 've ever seen .
One could say that Innocence thinks so much that it ultimately has very little to say .
A hulking cyborg with a brain that 's part Plato , part The Terminator , goes from gunning down a warren of criminal Yakuza to cloudy quotations .
Consisting mainly of noisy gunfights , it 's like your typical one-person shooter video game .
Roughly equivalent to the Matrix sequels : drama-starved dazzle and irresolute interrogation .
It 's regrettable , but perhaps a bit predictable , that a film that is this forward-looking in its graphic construction is saddled with a commonplace plotline .
The film is a pile-on of a sequel , adding next to little to complement the original .
There 's only so much technobabble a person can take before you completely lose them .
Places too much emphasis on high-minded dialogue and endless shots of computer panels blinking and beeping and turning and whizzing and spinning .
It 's a feast of animation technology and styles , but weighed down by textbook dialogue and storytelling monotony that work against its expressive imagery .
Talky , repetitive and largely covering the same ground with no new thoughts .
I do n't remember the last time that I wanted to walk out of a screening so badly ...
Highly imaginative design by Oshii and production designer Tanada Yohei dominates the film as they creates surreal landscapes in dark though vivid colors .


@highlight

The animation is lovely , but the plot is complex to the point of inscrutability , leaving Ghost in the Shell 2 : Innocence both original and numbing .