No doubt others will try again but , for now , we 'll have to make do with Gibney 's portrayal of the man via archive footage and interviews with various talking heads .
-LSB- Gibney -RSB- raises a pertinent question : is it contradictory to beatify an avowed anti-capitalist revolutionary with an elaborately produced show ?
A fine introduction to a fascinating African musician
It is the man himself that will draw you into this film , even if you are not a fan of musical documentaries .
Fela Kuti was a one-in-a-million figure with indomitable presence . What film could possibly contain him ?
The wild life , risky art and radical politics of an African revolutionary receive generally entertaining if inappropriately conventional treatment in this documentary ...
Leaves you tapping your feet and scratching your head about why such a rich story did n't generate a better , deeper , smarter movie .
The problem is n't really finding Fela , but containing him .
Gibney unearths a wealth of archive footage that reaffirms Kuti 's superstar status , and watches as Jones wrestles with the contradictions that made the musician such a troublesome icon - confronting some , sidestepping others .
Fela died in the late 1990s but Gibney has assembled plenty of footage of him performing , and he makes a convincing case for him as both a political and a musical visionary -LRB- and a relentless womaniser -RRB- .
Finding Fela fully earns its two-hour running time , and could easily have sustained more , such is the wealth of material and music , and such is the brisk momentum maintained by Gibney and editor Lindy Jankura .
Such was Kuti 's star power that even the Tony-nominated Sahr Ngaujah feels like an unnecessary distraction from the archive performance footage .
Kuti made politics to dance to , and music that made you think . The slick presentation of Gibney 's film successfully gets that appeal across , but the method feels compromised .
Long and undisciplined .
While the eventful life of Fela Kuti provides more than enough subject matter for a biographical documentary , award-winning filmmaker Alex Gibney weakens the film with a second narrative strand that feels like another movie altogether .
Finding Fela ! boasts some striking footage and terrific music , but it also feels baggy and inconclusive , and an object lesson in why singular , groundbreaking artists should n't have their stories told in such conventional ways .
It 's a decent enough beginner 's guide , though never quite gets a grip on its complex subject .
It 's a film that 's determined to demystify an enigma , but the sobering reality is that the most enlightening way into the mind of this artist is doubtlessly to listen to his records .
Anytime the ersatz Fela and crew are on screen performing numbers , the real Kuti is n't . And that 's a shame , since watching the real Kuti onstage is as much concert as political rally and liturgy .
`` Finding Fela ! '' is an apt title for this dynamic and thorough documentary by Alex Gibney .
Music as Guerrilla Warfare
Gibney never quite finds Fela , and the quest is n't always remarkable either , but such is the spirited brio of the seminal subject that some of his dynamic essence still shines through .
At its best , the film manages the trick of constructing a modern myth while simultaneously deconstructing it - on one level , this is a story about how to tell a story . Plus , it 's got a great beat and you can dance to it .
Fills in the considerable gaps in our knowledge with a zesty , rough-edged style .
Tony Award winner Bill T. Jones says it best when he describes Fela as a `` sacred monster . ''
The constant flipping between stagecraft and reality creates a dissonant static that prevents any satisfying connection with the film .
The early songs are a celebration ; the later music is a weapon . It would be nice to get more of both , but for that there are the reissued CDs , not to mention this film 's soundtrack , a decent sampler .
For all his strangeness , Fela had a captivating side , and his music could be riveting . That 's why the film disappoints - a movie about such a man as this ought to be more exciting .
A film that 's admirably comprehensive but disappointingly short on emotional impact .
`` Finding Fela ! '' the documentary is almost as much a paradox as the man himself , stuffed full of information but leaving nagging questions , making us move to the music before hammering us into submission .
On camera , Jones acts as a sort of safari leader , hacking away at the thicket of thorny contradictions that surrounded Fela , in the hopes of shaping a coherent yet honest portrait of the man .
The disjointed rhythm of the movie throws off the groove of Fela 's story and the musical .
The abundance of his funky , inspirational music included in the film becomes numbing -- an unfortunate result for such a complicated , passionate pop figure .
` Finding Fela ' does not appear to be trying very hard to do what its title indicates .
Talking honestly about ... revolutionary life on and off stage ... entertaining and musically and politically informative portrait of a man , an African and world music icon .
Feels like a rough draft for a very good movie .
Maybe it 's a tall order for any conventional documentary to get its arms around a man whose 30-minute-plus jams routinely broke free of their moorings .
At once a mess and a literal-minded take on an instinctive subject , one that summarizes rather than feels .
A poignant documentary about the great Nigerian singer and songwriter whose music speak out for justice .
To Gibney 's credit , he does n't gloss over the less harmonious parts of Kuti 's conflicted , tumultuous life .
Though the filmmaking is not terribly exciting , Fela 's life and music are .
There 's nothing like seeing Fela himself - blowing his sax , expressing his unbridled sexuality and living a life like no other .
Finding Fela does an exemplary job of explaining , in musical terms , what made Fela standout , a simple enough step that most music documentaries ignore .
... even in scenes of Kuti in his prime , Finding Fela can only give so much time to any one song or speech . Just when Kuti is getting on a roll , Gibney is ready to move on to something else .
Gibney tends toward that dutiful doc style that mixes talking heads and archival clips into a flavorless stew -- a bland complement to Fela 's zesty on - and offstage presence .
Once it gets going , it 's fine , a somewhat scattered précis of the life and accomplishment of one of the 20th century 's towering musicians , activists , and curiosities .
An absorbing if not quite definitive patchwork of the life and legacy of an unorthodox artist .
Alex Gibney uses archival and Broadway footage so seamlessly that telling the difference between reality and recreation becomes not only difficult , but one of the film 's central metaphors .
Frustratingly over-egged , Alex Gibney 's Finding Fela ! attempts to take on too much , then adds more . Thankfully , though , the music and the man make it worth a glance .
Finding Fela ! does n't shy away from the uglier side of Kuti 's life , but it does lack the analysis one is craving , and expecting .
Something to be excited about !
This watchable but rather rote chronicle fails to find a compelling perspective on Kuti 's significant life and legacy .

@highlight

Though it does n't fully capture the electrifying spirit of its subject , Finding Fela ! is a solid overview of the life and work of a musical revolutionary .