I do n't know if there 's a right way to show torture , but there are certainly lots of wrong ways , one being The Railway Man , possibly the dullest film about torture I 've ever seen .
Scrupulously tasteful films stuffed with Oscar-winning talent have a tendency to feel like awards bait , but Railway Man manages to escape such charges . A modest , old-fashioned film it may be , but with cumulative power that 's surprisingly affecting .
This is an effective story of war , peace , forgiveness and revenge .
It 's well acted , with a few moments of remarkable intensity , but it 's not a journey you 'd rush to take .
The Railway Man is probably the best film you have n't seen this year .
The Railway Man holds great possibility but wanders off track .
It does its best to honor the unique compassion of the account without succumbing to schmaltz or banal arthouse prestige . The success rate here is a little better than half .
Flicking back and forth in time may not make for a smooth narrative , but the message of forgiveness and reconciliation comes through loud and clear -- this is quite an extraordinary tale .
The Railway Man , meanwhile , leaves you with tears and hope . Hell is over , only when it is n't .
Although the film itself is not exceptional , it tells an important story with a well-articulated message , and for that reason merits attention .
As an Oscar winner for The King 's Speech -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , Firth has nothing to prove . But this is a performance which he might eventually consider to be his finest , speaking volumes for men who quietly carried the burdens of evil on their shoulders .
The Railway Man is an ambitious , well-intentioned film plagued by flat , predictable storytelling
Colin Firth delivers another of his masterly portrayals of stiff-upper-lipped emotional reserve , but his character 's stuffy reticence means that it is all the more powerful when he eventually reveals the depths of hurt left by his harrowing experiences .
The tears this film evokes are tears of joy at seeing a man find the grace to confront his past .
Intense , well-acted , worth seeing but the back and forth , past to present barely works .
Compelling story is sporadically effective
For all its classic-era echoes , the structure of The Railway Man with its nightmares , flashbacks and even outright fantasy scenes is fairly modern , making the film much more than an exercise in ` making them like they used to . '
The romance and marriage of -LSB- Nicole -RSB- Kidman 's and -LSB- Colin -RSB- Firth 's characters are too quick . His dementia is abrupt . The finding of the Japanese tormentor seems too easy . The retribution , while moving , seems a bit pat .
... a well-intentioned prestige picture that 's rarely as engrossing as its electrifying logline ...
Old-fashioned , sorrowful WWII drama shows an even grimmer side of the Bridge on the River Kwai story .
The filmmakers do n't have the nerve for a serious consideration of trauma , vengeance , and forgiveness .
The Railway Man is a shell-shocked , war induced , hallucinogenic fever dream driven by life altering torture and the emotional powerhouse performance of Colin Firth .
It 's a milk run of emotions and historical landscapes , but The Railway Man still chugs along the tracks of time to reach a decent narrative destination , thanks in large part to Colin Firth .
Firth is especially good , showing Eric as he battles to put aside his rage to find forgiveness for his haunted ex-tormenter .
The critical problems are an overbusy time-jumping script and reliance on the conventions of the trauma drama - flashbacks , fragmentation , distorted time and space - that prove more a barrier than a window into the character 's inner lives .
Beautifully acted , The Railway Man is profoundly moving , and yet , somehow , its sentimental ending manages to be both unearned and predictable .
Why does the movie leave one cold ?
The quality of mercy is n't just strained in The Railway Man , it 's measured out by the teaspoonful .
The truth of what happened to him is devastating ; the truth of how he found forgiveness in his soul is astonishing .
All three acts boast decidedly different emotional tones , but Teplitzky knits them together into a memorable whole .
A consistently fine actor , Firth does marvelous work here , as Lomax must balance the demons of his past with the specter of forgiveness .
Garry Phillips ' cinematography , too , does equally breath-catching landscape work with seaside Northumberland and the jungles of Southeast Asia .
`` The Railway Man '' is a polished locomotive that never builds up steam or deviates from its timetable .
The bank-shot narrative style somewhat dilutes the dramatic momentum . But the prison scenes , filmed where events took place , are unnerving and make scenes of reconciliation precious .
Skippable .
Instead , we get Jonathan Teplitsky 's ` The Railway Man , ' which tells it as tepidly and as literal-mindedly as it can muster , revealing the material as little more than a `` 60 Minutes '' special interest story .
The Railway Man is uneven , choppy and unimpactful at times , but the slow pacing and melodrama work fairly well and build to an interesting , competent climax .
Colin Firth stars in this anguished British drama that 's hampered by starchy reticence and lack of suspenseful structure .
Fascinating history but abrupt and flat as drama -- far from Firth 's finest hour .
It 's more difficult to convey the horrors of war that linger in the mind rather than on a battlefield , and that 's a struggle the film ultimately ca n't reconcile .
Former POW ca n't shake wartime cruelty in sluggish drama .
Not very well structured , but gripping and beautifully acted , especially by Academy Award winners Firth and Kidman .
Completely engrossing , devastatingly sad , but also incredibly redemptive in spirit ... an astounding testament to the power of forgiveness .
Personally , I was expecting much more of an impassioned reaction given the story line ... yet I was n't bowled over by the film .
A war veteran 's compelling confrontation of his life in a POW camp is brought to life with insipid pacing and mawkish storytelling in The Railway Man .
The story is compelling but the telling less than ideal ... ponderous rather than powerful .
Not horrible but simply dramatically inert despite the premise and parts in play . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also Available -RRB-
Firth and Kidman are both up for the challenge , complementing the compelling story with measured and memorable performances .
A prestige film that sometimes feels more like a history assignment than entertainment .
Makes its targets clear : redemption , love , healing , handkerchiefs .
The story , based on Lomax 's memoir , is compelling . Jonathan Teplitzky 's insipid screen version does n't do the rich material justice .
Throughout , Firth compellingly plays a man struggling to make sense of the ordeal that his life has become . Too often , though , you can feel the movie struggling right along with him .
It 's a good , slick and well-intentioned film that wants so hard to be an important one that the slight feeling of letdown it leaves is magnified .
The cast is excellent and the screenplay , by Frank Cottrell Boyce and Andy Paterson , is delicately attuned to the emotional cost of war and the terrible struggle to be healed .
I am an admitted sucker for stories of extraordinary compassion and mercy , especially the true ones . As such , The Railway Man is one of the most moral movies I have seen in recent years .
-LSB- It -RSB- has many problems but also has Colin Firth ...
Acting as another exploration of post-war anguish , The Railway Man has valuable insight into the process of forgiveness , making it a worthy sit , even when it feels incomplete .
Almost entirely ignores the amazing aspect of this true story that makes it worth telling , and even the very good performances point us in another direction than the intended one .
Makes note only of the suffering endured by white faces-despite the participation and death of thousands of Asian railway workers .
Firth 's compelling performance highlights this true story of how one British POW slave laborer of the Japanese survived his post traumatic stress in a much more realistic telling of the death railway than David Lean 's Oscar winner .
A morally admirable but dramatically inert case of high-minded reconciliation ...
` The Railway Man ' deals with some of the uglier aspects of war , namely how torture can be justified by the upper echelons of government through twisted language ...
Firth is very good at playing racked men of high principle .
Throughout his career , Firth repeatedly has proven himself to be a master at steadily revealing his characters , and the way his Lomax eventually reclaims his identity before enjoying some redemption is gently stirring .
In the end , for a movie about such a grim and grotesque chapter in history `` The Railway Man '' commits the most improbable sin of all . It 's dull .
An impressively crafted , skillfully acted , highly absorbing journey into a dark corner of world history .
-LSB- Firth 's -RSB- modesty prevents `` The Railway Man '' from turning mawkishly sentimental once Lomax embraces the concept of forgiveness , and you can believe it 's possible .
For a well-acted movie about the horrors of war and the lure of revenge , it 's surprisingly dull and starchy .
It 's too intelligent to dismiss , but not emotional enough to inspire lasting passion .
The ghastly realities of the labor camp are undercut by self-consciously stylized storytelling in the British sequences , with their glib formulations of love leading to personal peace and allowing forgiveness .
Along the way , The Railway Man accumulates some power and insight , but it 's also hard to shake the feeling that a complicated first-person account has been given the Weinstein treatment .
It 's an inspiring and unforgettable story about cruelty , endurance , courage and making peace with the past .
Colin Firth plays a choo-choo lover and ex-World War II prisoner of war who finds his two great obsessions neatly joining in the trite , hokey message movie `` The Railway Man . ''
Somehow , even if you already know the story , the climax feels , if not unexpected , at least fresh , when it could have easily been schmaltzy .
The Railway Man is such a safe , respectful portrait of true-life catharsis that it feels afraid to reopen the same old wounds it exalts Lomax for confronting .
Has it ever occurred to contemporary commercial filmmakers that maybe audiences could take a movie 's word for it that a character has been tortured ?
Shows off real filmmaking and storytelling skill on the part of Teplitzky and a different view of WWII than we 've seen before .
A remarkable illustration of the human capacity to find peace through forgiveness .
The result is an old-fashioned war film with echoes of The Bridge on the River Kwai , melded with a stirring story of truth , reconciliation and healing . Only a hardhearted cynic would be unmoved .
A quiet , contemplative drama about the war after war .
buils towards the emotional outpouring at the end , where all the themes of hate and healing , forgetting and forgiving , and vengeance and vitality meet .
For a film based on an extraordinarily touching true story , The Railway Man is distractingly stagey .
It 's a very British film , internalising those mythological values thought to represent King and Country - dignity , self-sacrifice , heroism , bravery and understatement .
You 'd have to be pretty hard-hearted not to be moved by this tale 's final destination , even if the route there is somewhat circuitous .
-LSB- A -RSB- polished biographical drama ...
For reasons best known to himself , director Jonathan Teplitzky has turned Lomax 's grim , modest , devastatingly tender memoir into a tall tale of derring-do .
Despite its stodgy storytelling , this respectful cinematic version of ex-POW Eric Lomax 's true story succeeds because of Colin Firth 's perfect , understated performance .
A terrific true story is oddly underplayed in this sober , sedate drama about reconciliation and making peace with the past .
It 's not easy to play an uncommunicative character in a medium that is all about communication , but nobody does so better than Firth .
There is a lot of value in the film , but its structural and tonal difficulties mean that the target was missed .
Firth spends most of the movie with quivering features - it 's like watching a blancmange under torture - and emotion-clotted voice . He needed better or more varied direction .
Features strong performances from Colin Firth and Jeremy Irvine , but it 's hampered by stodgy direction , some dreadful miscasting and a clunky structure that ends up side-lining Nicole Kidman 's character .
Lomax 's act of forgiveness is unforgettable , and commendably not over-simplified here .
An incredible tale of love , courage and humanity - and their opposites - the story of Eric Lomax sounds like it was dreamed up in a Hollywood melodrama workshop . But it 's true .
As cinema , it 's in the mould of The Reader - it bottles up emotions , and history , and dutifully uncorks them as a form of therapy .
The film 's nightmarish opening moments lay out the landscape of its hero 's traumatised mind with haunting precision , the line between fantasy and reality unsettlingly blurred from the off .
The best thing that could come out of this rather stodgy biopic is that it may steer audiences towards Lomax 's fine and moving book .
Teplitzky has structured his film masterfully , as the way this tale is told , intertwining between various flashbacks , is completely seamless .
Tamely shot , thematically scattershot and uncertainly told - not even Colin Firth can talk this biopic to life .
Colin Firth puts in the performance of his career in this powerful and accomplished drama based on the memoirs of Eric Lomax .
The dual time frame risks creating a disjointed narrative but the filmmakers have struck lucky with Irvine .
A fascinating life story , The Railway Man is doubtless a better book than a film . Firth and Kidman are not at their best , although Irvine proves his true talent .
This is potent , piercing human drama at its best . Australian director Jonathan Teplitzky -LRB- Better Than Sex ; Gettin ' Square ; The Burning Man -RRB- proves himself a deft hand at building dramatic tension to an explosive pitch .
The film adaptation of Eric Lomax 's autobiographical The Railway Man delivers a superbly acted and impactful true story .
The film strains so hard trying to sustain the emotional intensity that Teplitzky has whipped up , that there 's no energy left for the big finish .
The Railway Man makes do with simple satisfaction .
This is an extraordinary film .
I was overwhelmed by it , I 've got to tell you . It really cut deep with me .
A powerful true story of wartime horror , honour and forgiveness .
At its heart is Firth 's visceral performance , which convincingly charts trauma and deep burning vengeance to resolve in a profoundly cathartic way .
Teplitzky gives us everything that cinema can deliver in telling -LSB- this story -RSB- : lights , camera , action - and music , indeed .
Profoundly moving drama in which the unspeakable echoes of the past reverberate to such an extent they can not help but impact on the present and the future
Perhaps Boyce and Teplitzky felt no grandstanding was necessary to tell Lomax 's story . Regardless , the storytelling feels somewhat pedestrian .
The Railway Man will leave a mark on your soul , not only for the brutal barbarity of war but for the sheer power of screen stories .
Lomax found heroism in compassion , and that attitude is what audiences are bound to connect with so deeply here , even if such an outcome proves almost anti-dramatic onscreen .
A former P.O.W. 's extraordinary story gets a plodding retelling in Jonathan Teplitzky 's poorly-structured drama .
-LSB- An -RSB- extremely affecting and accomplished drama ...
For all the assuredness behind the camera and in front of it , there 's very little in way of edge or even , surprisingly , emotion .

@highlight

Understated to a fault , The Railway Man transcends its occasionally stodgy pacing with a touching , fact-based story and the quiet chemistry of its stars .