Enjoyable movie about the trials of being a teen .
Though Lohan and Fox are fun to look at , and Allison Pill is adorable , the film is pure mindless , ridiculous fluff .
Only the 13-and-under set will buy into the Confessions vision of teen-hood . Most actual teens have already noted the lack of opportunities for air-guitar montages .
Mind-numbingly juvenile .
... a perfectly bland , homogenized , milquetoast piece of inconsequential would-be comedy fluff .
Sleep all day , party all night , never grow old , never die : it 's fun to be a Disney starlet
... unapologetically geared towards the tween crowd , all other audiences be damned .
A self-absorbed sugar rush of a movie , this might please small girls but will leave a sour taste in everyone else 's mouth .
A creative no man 's land : nothing ventured , nothing gained , nothing worth watching .
An energetic cast and random lines of snappy dialog almost elevate this insipid comedy into something entertaining . But not quite .
A star vehicle with three flat tires and sugar in the gas tank .
I hope kids see through this film 's slick production value and realize Lindsay Lohan 's character is only a shade above contemptible much less worth their admiration .
Talk about drama - oh ! The horror .
I ca n't really say anything terrible about this picture . The problem is , I ca n't really say anything all that great about it , either .
Bland , warmed over genre cliches masquerading as a movie .
... film pimps to is core demographic and gives nothing substantial in return .
Somehow the film gets through its entire running time without ever having a plot .
The movie 's lame , but I 'm inclined to agree with the kids on the Internet Movie Database message boards that Lohan could beat the crap out of Hillary Duff in a grudge match .
Dear Diary : The truth is that there 's nothing much to confess in the made-for-tweens comedy Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen .
If Disney Pictures is looking to pander to the lowest urges of emerging girlhood , they have succeeded in this tacky and boring after-school special .
Smug , sanitized fantasy , in which the hysterical blonde attention-seeker , in a succession of sparkly outfits , is uprooted from New York to the boring suburbs and learns boring suburban values like telling the truth .
Implausabilities aside , Confessions is a light lark that 's colorful , spirited , and chock full of clothes .
... Nothing if not fluffy -- but oddly , egregiously offensive in ways far more insidious and damaging than merely wasting our time .
A word to the wise : If you find the title tantalizing , you 'll probably love the film .
Akin to a feather -- weightless .
A juvenile ` I Love Lucy ' episode ... that 's more irritating than charming .
I ca n't think of a teen who would enjoy watching Confessions
Even at less than an hour and a half , it still feels absurdly padded .
The whole enterprise feels desperately thrown together for a teen/mall profit and rather cheap .
Not a winner , but it 's at least passable entertainment for kids whose parents want their idols to preach against drunkenness and learn that lying is n't a good thing .
A movie that -- even by Disney 's formulaic standards -- is about as cut and dried as the phone book .
The superficial sweetness masks something rotten .
Sugarman 's muddled comedy serves only to drive home the cliché that the teenage female mind is a roiling mass of contradictions and petty concerns .
A string of unrelated scenes about the high-school musical ... the band 's final concert , some random moments in which some standard-issue popular girls are mean to Lola , and Lola 's active fantasy life .
Much of Confessions seems clueless and -- even worse for moviegoers of any age -- listless .
Why is this chiffon doodle essentially offensive ? Because it is about nothing , and it turns the dreams of girls into piffle .
Both the actress and the character she 's playing are stranded in a vapid film about vapid teens .
The gimmicks and goofy daydream sequences mount up until the film collapses under their weight .
It 's a pubescent fantasia without soul or purpose beyond positioning star Lindsay Lohan as the successor to Hilary Duff 's throne .
The film 's essential soullessness bangs back against its cheer , reminding us of the wrinkled businessmen 's hands reaching for our dollars from behind the sunny smiles .
A shlocky , sloppy and crass adolescent comedy .
Sugarman directs this cheerful movie as if it were a bunch of memories pasted haphazardly into a scrapbook .
Like a stream-of-consciousness riff on girl movie notions -- minus the consciousness part .
Clothes , friends , makeup , popularity , high school : All this , and Lindsay Lohan , too .
Riddled with contradictions , preachiness , implausibilities , false starts and wrong turns , it tells a choppy , incoherent tale without an ounce of charm or wit .
For the most part the material is stubbornly inert , and the actors at times appear to be flailing .
I confess to a deep uncertainty about whether this can be rightly called a movie . A bunch of scenes , maybe .
This bit of fluff is unlikely to appeal to anyone outside of its obvious , intended target audience .
. . shrill , numbing and painful to sit through . Maybe this movie will find an audience in children young enough to be entertained by bright colors .
Would that this film were as pulled together as Lola 's fabulous outfits .
` Hate ' is not a word I use loosely to describe my feelings about a movie , but I hated every second of Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen .
Lohan , overcoming her character 's occasional obnoxiousness , has enough spunky charm to make this one work for the target audience of 11-year-old girls .
-LSB- `` Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen '' should appeal to very young teenage girls or people who are easily amused watching shiny things .
Bubble-brained comedy for the Olsen Twins demographic .
truly awful ...
Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen is for those old enough to aspire to be high school juniors and seniors , but still too young to do more than dream .
Teenage Drama Queen Confesses : ` I 'm guilty of making a bad movie ' .
Supported by Lindsay Lohan 's effervescent performance , Drama Queen has a fun flair for the dramatics but ultimately is a piece of fluff targeted to a limited audience .
Lindsay Lohan pulls out all the stops in her performance as a talented teenager whose unbridled enthusiasm sets her apart from her peers .
What teenage girl would enjoy watching this ? I 'm glad Disney addresses this oft-ignored demographic , but if these girls are pandered to so obviously , wo n't they feel insulted ?
This light , brisk , candy-colored comedy is rescued from cookie-cutter teen-movie status by some quirky moments and the efforts of its bright young cast .
If you 're the parent of a kid that wants to see this , drop them off and go do something else .
Even for a dizzying tweenage flick , we confess , there 's too much going on here .
Mixes The Brady Bunch , Britney , Saved by the Bell , Hilary Duff and anything else that Disney thinks kids are still watching today .
Gives -LSB- Lohan -RSB- ample time to act starry-eyed and show off her dancing and singing , but little chance to prove she can hold her own among the Hilary Duffs of the world .
Lindsay Lohan stars in this modest , mildly engaging film as a proudly bohemian resident of Greenwich Village who is transplanted to a prosperous suburb in New Jersey .
More of a concept than a story , the plot serves basically as an extended segue between music videos .
Lacking the humor and sophistication of Freaky Friday , Confessions has some growing up to do .
Much like The O.C. has taken the place of Beverly Hills 90210 , this latest Lindsay Lohan Disney comedy tries to mine the territory vacated by Hilary Duff .
At a time when crassness and dumbing down pervade popular entertainment , especially movies aimed at youthful audiences , Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen dares to be smart .
Lohan is a firecracker on the screen . She has personality , presence and potential to grow into an accomplished actress .
Parents may be more willing to put up with the movie 's logical loopholes than its casual treatment of behavior they would not want their children to imitate .
What Confessions does , it does pretty well .
What a teenage girl really wants at the movies is what grown-ups want , and not to be talked down to like her kid sister .
A reductive bit of female self-empowerment couched in risible ideas of validating yourself through others .
If you 're smart , you 'll skip `` Concessions of an Teenage Drama Queen '' and buy $ 10 of stock in Comcast instead .
For preteen girls only ... My feelings : ` Gag me with a spoon ! '
It is a pleasure and a delight to welcome director Sara Sugarman and her fine inventiveness into the machine .
I was not prepared for the moment when The Tween Who Cried Wolf became The Lindsay Lohan Movie .













@highlight

Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen 's superficial tendencies are unlikely to appeal to older viewers -- though its colorful candor is decidedly not intended for them in the first place .