Centering on a young immigrant Korean girl in Toronto , this Sundance indie marks the feature debut of a gifted female director .
There 's an authenticity about this work that gives it a chilling flavor .
In Between Days is a wise and beautiful study of yearning and repression .
The film has an admirable humanist agenda , but good intentions do n't matter much when you ca n't care for the humans on the screen .
This superb debut feature by Korean-American director So Yong Kim seems to be constructed entirely of the ineffable and intangible , those fleeting moments that most movies treat as throwaways .
This artfully muted film pays off with a desperate act of eloquence .
Kim keeps dialogue to a minimum and provides the barest of story arcs , using a handheld camera to probe subtle shifts of emotion in her nonprofessional actors .
A touching and personal story that captures the swirling emotions of adolescence and the immigrant experience - and the heartbreak of being in the middle of both .
-LSB- It -RSB- feels honest and direct , which is more than you can say about a lot of movies these days .
Too minimalist for its own good when it comes to story details and even essential basic factual information , In Between Days can best be described as a skillfully lensed missed opportunity .
A quiet specimen of personal storytelling at its most exciting .
In Between Days plays like a teen movie with all the narration removed .
In Between Days is a small slice of a suspended life , intimate and filled with the mundane details most people forget when the waiting is over and their real lives begin .
While Kim is unable to keep us riveted on her near-silent performance , the script and direction have a gentle sensitivity , subtly addressing cultural divisions while reminding us that angst , at least , is universal .
A draggy , uninvolving bore .
In Between Days is instantly compelling .
Its theatrical release today is an encouraging sign that there is still room , even in the midst of the summer glut , for a small , serious , unpretentious film .
In Between Days is shot in a documentary-like style , but some of the artistic decisions do not always work in the film 's favor .
The most intriguingly circumscribed romance of the year , In Between Days locates two Korean teens at a precarious point in their relationship .
Touches a universal chord : that of families who never discuss sex and love with their teens . But this Korean drama has a glacial pace .
A pleasant surprise .
The camera lingers on the characters ' minimal , but expressive actions , allowing the viewer to soak in their emotions rather than having them related to us through dialogue . In Between Days is more of an experience than your average movie .
Painful , funny , unsentimental , perfectly measured in its ambiguities , it 's exemplary low-budget filmmaking , the rare DV movie with an assured visual style and a strong sense of place .
Above all a meditation on loneliness , the narrative is frequently interrupted by static landscape shots accompanied by Aimie reading letters to her absent dad -- stabs at poetry that feel less poetic , and more calculated , with every recurrence .
A satisfying and very skillful piece of filmmaking .





@highlight

In Between Days is a moving , artistic slice-of-life indie film .