Colour Me Kubrick is a marginal curiosity that survives on a whiff of appropriation .
It 's simply not a movie , not as it stands . It 's a five-minute demo reel stretched to feature length .
Any picture featuring a sped-up version of the `` William Tell Overture '' is so drunk on its own whimsy that it most likely sucks with a dedicated vigour .
Malkovich captures not only the nuttiness of Conway , with his smorgasbord of foreign-sounding accents , but also his pathos .
Conway looked and sounded nothing like Kubrick and did n't even research his supposed identity . He 's clearly a fascinating character who deserves a better movie .
Not only is there nothing there , the nothingness is a complete bore . When a film 's highpoint is a soundtrack that relies heavily on other soundtracks , you 've got problems .
The irony of Color Me Kubrick is that the visual tricks merely serve as a backdrop for Malkovich 's inspired high-wire performance .
A little bit like a coloring book -- flip the pages and each is pretty much like the one before , escalating variations on the same scam , with Malkovich filling in the cartoonish shadings , and occasionally going way outside the lines .
This is a kicky little movie .
It literally only has one idea in its head , and when that idea runs dry , it 's as lost as Conway is without his plethora of Kubrick masks .
It 's an impressive moving wax museum , certainly , but even metatextual follies eventually need a pulse .
At best a kitschy Catch Me If You Can and at worst a tedious comedy .
Director Brian W. Cook should know that hopes are seldom high for movies that debut on DVD the same day they hit the multiplex .
Fans of John Malkovich will most appreciate Colour Me Kubrick . For the rest , this is an amusing little blip on the movie radar screen .
Even if the film is essentially a one-man show , a one-man show starring John Malkovich is bound to be really damn good .
John Malkovich has a blast , so will you !
-LSB- A -RSB- loopy lark ... the sheer goofiness of the premise , together with its gossipy ` insider ' nature -LSB- and -RSB- the take-no-prisoners performance of John Malkovich ... carry it along .
It 's no ` Six Degrees of Separation ' but Malkovich charms the audience as much as his marks , making this solid sit-com entertainment
If you 're a fan of Stanley Kubrick or just a die-hard film buff , you may find this weird , semi-documentary an absolute hoot . I did .
Kubrick stumbles around with eyes wide shut .
Malkovich pulls out all the gaudy stops .
Malkovich 's performance , and the irresistible concept of an anonymous man dining out on a false identity , carries the film along giddily , and Cook wisely keeps Color Me Kubrick short and deliciously tart .
Colour Me Kubrick is a somewhat fictionalized accounting of this amazing but true story . The filmmakers have wisely turned it into a comedy , and a wickedly entertaining one at that .
Director and co-writer Brian Cook was Kubrick 's assistant director on The Shining and Eyes Wide Shut and he fills the film with subtle touches and sly in-jokes .
Great fun for the first 20 minutes but seems long at 86 .
Relentlessly sordid , but John Malkovich 's imaginatively outlandish performance is worth watching .
One problem is that Malkovich gets free rein to be Malkovich , the often showy actor , rather than Conway , a humble London travel agent . It 's a grandstanding performance that 's more about hamminess than substance .
Colour Me Kubrick earns a place on the shelf where all the oddballs reside , defying us to come up with reasons to justify their idiosyncratic existences -- and perhaps not caring whether we do .
-LSB- Kubrick -RSB- might dismiss as trite the message that proximity to celebrity is so intoxicating , it stupefies . But one hopes he 'd relish the cheerful audacity of the caper and its telling .
Malkovich relishes the character quirks in a performance that pulls out all the stops and pushes every button .
The movie never convinces us there 's anyone there to expose , though , and Malkovich flits from scene to scene without ever anchoring Conway in a lasting reality .
Once the movie gets started , it does n't know where to go or how to end . It more or less repeats itself .
The film is an odd duck , a staccato-like examination of fame , celebrity and the absurd obsession with both , moving in fits and spurts to a meandering cadence of its own peculiarly unique design .
The decision to execute the story as a kind of extended meta-sitcom -- a series of set-ups without the tidy resolution -- feels like a cheat .
The film , with its relentlessly tight focus on its main character , winds down to nothingness .
Scarcely an insightful biographical portrait , Color Me Kubrick is still interesting , perhaps even intimidating , as a study of the way fandom can so readily be turned against itself .
After its promising , hilarious setup , Cook 's initial Kubrick-like smoothness quickly gives way to a ramshackle presentation with few follow-up ideas or jokes .
a playground for madman Malkovich to be set loose in .
... entertaining if not exactly enlightening .
Without much insight into the self-dramatizing enigma of Conway , nor any representation of the solitary auteur he impersonated , the film becomes a repetitive series of small-scale con games played on cabdrivers , bar owners and wannabe stars .
Writer Anthony Frewin and director Brian Cook uses Conway 's unlikely saga to mount an appreciative send-up of a certain style of gay extravagance , with John Malkovich having a field day as Conway .
A ludicrous , but entertaining look at a real-life Kubrick impersonator , played with over-the-top glee by Malkovich .
You can almost see the invective splattering all over the storyline . And Malkovich 's camping and vamping , however perversely entertaining it is to behold , can neutralize the venom only so much .
A mean-spirited , trashy and intermittently funny film .
But cleverness aside , the film is so slight it practically vanishes before your eyes .
John Malkovich has one of the roles of his life , and he acts it up like a haughty gourmet who 's just picked up a succulent treat .
Color Me Kubrick is like a nice , deep , clear cocktail of ammonia on the rocks : bracing , comic , astonishing , all of which hide its poison center .
John Malkovich gets to have a field day as the slovenly , unappealing Conway ...
There is a giddy pleasure in watching people , great and small , most who should know much better , fall over themselves to be film-flammed
The film reveals , rather delectably , how potent the power of suggestion can be in a world gone madly groupie .
A shapeless , low-grade comedy of flamboyance , giggling at Conway 's histrionics and fishnet gloving .
The movie is endless even at less than 90 minutes .
Malkovich 's playing to the rafters is certainly amusing , but the film ca n't shake off its Borscht Belt by way of Britain lineage and its failure to dig beneath the surface .
The script evinces no interest in the psychology of its main character .
It 's a truffle of a movie that may leave you feeling like you ate one too many purple chocolates , but secondary performances by Honor Blackman -LRB- remember the original `` Avengers '' -RRB- and the ever-kooky Ken Russell add texture to the comic motif .
A doomed effort in satirizing society 's obsession with celebrity , the film insists on a glib comedic tone that bars emotional investment in the tale ; Malkovich gives a gutsy but ineffective performance as the travel agent who tried to pass as the director
put forth with ... an unapologetic sense of depraved fun ...
The filmmakers opted for a more episodic structure -LRB- with the occasional flashback -RRB- and I do have to say that by the end of the 90 minutes , I was growing weary of the shtick .
Droll , entertaining and often outright funny , this offbeat story has instant appeal .
Best appreciated as a rather amusing farce called The John Malkovich Show , the movie 's every scene is anchored , then stolen , by the commanding thespian 's Alan act .


@highlight

Colour Me Kubrick has a fascinating premise , but provides little insight into Kubrick and the man who impersonated him .