-LSB- Fay -RSB- Wray has never been more beautiful before the camera , nor acted as well as she does in this production .
Probably the most perfect popcorn movie movie ever made by a Hollywood studio .
It 's unrivaled in its sheer cinematic quality , and one of a kind .
The story , like Frankenstein and Dracula , has taken on the significance of a modern folk tale , layered with obvious moralizing and as familiar as personal history .
Arguably the monster movie of all time , this abiding take on Beauty and the Beast has a mythic power that belies its years .
`` King Kong , '' as spectacular a bolt of celluloid as has thrilled audiences in a couple of sophisticated seasons , is the product of a number of vivid imaginations .
Unfortunately , it was thought necessary to mitigate some of the predominant horror by introducing a human , all-too-human theme .
The grand-daddy of all monster movies .
... throbbing with metaphorical implications . The riveting , stop-motion battle between the great ape and a T. Rex is just a bonus .
One of the best adventure horror films ever made , an icon of pop culture with truly erotic and emotionally touching scenes between Fay Wray and the massive gorrilla
Violent but beloved old-school monster movie .
It might seem that any creature answering the description of Kong would be despicable and terrifying . Such is not the case . Kong is an exaggeration ad absurdum , too vast to be plausible . This makes his actions wholly enjoyable .
All these years on from its original release , King Kong still has a great claim to being the eighth wonder of the world .
Kong mystifies as well as it horrifies , and may open up a new medium for scaring babies via the screen .
Willis O'Brien did the stop-action animation for this 1933 feature , which is richer in character than most of the human cast .
The throbbing heart of the film lies in the creation of the semi-human simian himself , an immortal tribute to the Hollywood dream factory ...
` King Kong died for our sins . ' It 's a T-shirt seen recently in Seattle , worn by a teenager and illustrated with the original vintage image of the monster ape atop the Empire State Building .
One of those mad movies , like Moulin Rouge ! or Charlie and the Chocolate Factory , that fully justifies and deserves all the best and worst that can be said for or against them .
It 's one of the rare , great works of art that stands up to endless repeated viewings , each time revealing something new .
charming fantasy continues to hold up and is a treasure trove of special effects that continue to inspire
This movie is part of why I 'm so twisted today , and not just because of how that door and the hellish promise of what it hid teased its way into my kiddie brain .
In many ways , Kong is still king .
A brilliantly structured adventure movie .
The continuing success of King Kong is due not only to its spectacular special effects , but also to the exemplary economy with which the filmmakers handled the screenplay , filming and editing .
Film is an agent of imagination , and King Kong demonstrates this with remarkable technical proficiency and innovation ...
The beauty of this original King Kong is that there 's more to it than the oversized gorilla .
In much the same manner as The Wizard of Oz and It 's a Wonderful Life , it long ago entered into the national consciousness as an enduring part of our heritage .
One of the finest adventure movies ever made and the true prototype for all monster movies to follow , KING KONG is , even after 83 years , still the one true ruler of high-end escapist cinema .
Beat your chest for this one .
... stands as an innovative trailblazer , to be sure , but mostly it continues to be just plain fun .
It 's gon na be hard for Jackson to top this one !
Beastly fun !
Though the story 's logic is ludicrous if one ever stops to think about it , the movie creates a reality all its own .
There are very few works of cinema that stand up to repeated viewings and decades of changing film mores and audience expectations . Most notable among these is the classic King Kong .
Perhaps we have fallen in love with this movie because we distrust our civilization and feel betrayed that we have lost our sense of nature .
Still to this day it does n't come off as cheesy and that 's because the filmmakers never approached it as such .
While Kong is , in most scenes , only an 18-inch studio model , the stop motion special effects are so intelligently accomplished and lovingly detailed that the animated gorilla often appears more expressive than the human actors .
King Kong exemplifies a sort of personal expressiveness and cinematic mysticism that 's all the more awesome for its apparent outmodedness .
Through multiple exposures , processed ` shots ' and a variety of angles of camera wizardry the producers set forth an adequate story and furnish enough thrills for any devotee of such tales .
The film is everything solid entertainment of the sort should be -- exciting , thrilling , weirdly convincing and finally mythic .
King Kong es el termómetro obligado con el que se miden todas las películas de monstruos gigantes ; desde los voraces velociraptors hasta la maternal Godzilla
Even allowing for its slow start , wooden acting and wall-to-wall screaming , there is something ageless and primeval about King Kong that still somehow works .
King Kong was created to grip and thrill like no movie before , and these basic principles hold surprisingly true today .
The greatest classic adventure-fantasy -LRB- and part-horror -RRB- film of all time is King Kong -LRB- 1933 -RRB- . Producers/directors Merian C. Cooper and Ernest B. Schoedsack
Original and still superior version of the classic story . What is scary is that this film special effects in this film actually looks better than its expensive remake several decades later !












@highlight

King Kong explores the soul of a monster -- making audiences scream and cry throughout the film -- in large part due to Kong 's breakthrough special effects .