The ambiguity that characterizes the film ultimately does not seem to be so much an artistic decision as lack of assertiveness on the part of the writers . The acting saves it .
STRANGERLAND is one of the worst kind of bad films , in that it presents itself to be such a great film -- takes itself way too seriously -- all the while being an incomprehensible mess .
It 's the parched Outback landscape , thrumming with beauty and menace , that leaves the biggest impression .
Secrets and lies is the name of the game , in other words , as this taut but sinister ensemble piece turns the screws in what is an intelligent , all-engrossing - and indeed Irish-produced - film .
A shift in focus from a potentially jittery thriller to a humdrum , psychological analysis of a dislocated family becomes the narrative driving force and given the rich backdrop , it appears a great opportunity has been severely missed .
She is as invigorated by her missing daughter 's sexuality as her husband is terrified . It 's an interesting enough subtext , but foregrounded , it 's not enough to carry the muddled movie that ensues .
All the guilt , shame and anguish create a heady brew in an atmospheric but sometimes overwrought tale of a family in crisis .
While director Kim Farrant superbly captures the haunting , parched beauty of the Aussie interior in her debut feature , she stumbles when it comes to the emotional landscape , with the movie flickering uncertainly in tone .
The result wo n't astound but it will intrigue - at least for a time .
Strangerland unassumingly goes way beyond your usual art-house fare to the heart of a scared and scary colonised country .
If only the malevolent spirit of the bush were a satisfactory explanation for the enigma being spun here .
The pieces of this troubling puzzle never come together ; indeed , it appears that they 're not meant to .
Exemplifies why it 's hard to sell Australian made films to the public , with potential there to create something intriguing , yet for every step forward it takes three back , a couple to the side and then does the arty-farty boogie .
... the melodrama is overheated more than the sweltering setting .
Strangerland runs out of gas , leaving us with a couple of final `` Forget You '' -LRB- shall we say -RRB- moments . Thanks . Thanks for nothing .
Strangerland is presented through a prism of womanly wantoness juxtaposed with a mother 's pain and fear .
Despite all of its well-intentioned , high-minded aspirations , Strangerland is a hodgepodge that plods along at a torpid pace .
Drenching the movie in so much mood is rough on the pacing , and there 's a pointed lack of urgency to the search .
Director Kim Farrant goes for a feeling that 's as harsh , unforgiving , and wild as the land she lets the camera linger on , and it 's the right idea when handling the potential melodrama of the material .
A slow , opaque Australian psychologicsal drama .
Fine performances , but things go terribly wrong with the storytelling in ` Strangerland . '
erie and unpredictable , Strangerland holds attention , even if traditional suspense tricks are avoided like they were dingos at the daycare .
While Farrant and screenwriters Fiona Seres and Michael Kinirons fail on the plausibility meter , the actorly exertions of the handsome couple are a bleak eyeful . -
Academy Award winner Kidman delivers a powerful turn in visually impressive Aussie family crisis drama .
Unlike The Lord of the Rings films shot in nearby New Zealand , there are no wizards in Strangerland , but there is plenty of demonstrative pain and threatening darkness .
Kidman 's best performances have often been as grieving moms -LRB- Dead Calm , The Others , Rabbit Hole -RRB- and here she provides the flaccid movie 's sole flash of daring and unpredictability .
Good performances by three fine actors , especially Kidman . Rarely has she looked more beautiful . Alas , the story is far too long and unrelentingly dark and depressing . I was enjoying the acting and the mystery , but the last half hour goes overboard .
Director Kim Farrant 's debut feature is beautifully shot and offers some powerful , well-acted moments from a strong cast , but it 's just relentlessly dreary .
A high-caliber cast ca n't rescue what resembles an Aussie version of a Lifetime movie .
It certainly provides Kidman with some meaty , twisted material . But the film abandons the viewer in the end , leaving the audience as lost as those kids .
-LSB- H -RSB- as its priorities twisted .
`` Strangerland '' ... strains credulity with its secrets and revelations to facilitate its surprises .
The nagging sense sets in that Farrant and screenwriters Fiona Seres and Michael Kinirons are after something arty with their story , and the movie ca n't ambiguously end fast enough .
`` Strangerland '' is an uneven but often mesmerizing film with a mood of quiet dread ; you sense that something 's lurking behind that dust , but you do n't know what .
The narrative machinery proves no more convincing than the underlying subtext .
The brooding and emotional prickliness gets overwhelming .
Though suspenseful and well-acted , Strangerland is a muddled too-many-cooks movie , with too many ingredients in the overheated pot .
Director Kim Farrant paces her story deliberately , building up a heavy , almost oppressive tone , and Kidman takes advantage of it , burrowing into a complex and unglamorous character .
It feels like screenwriters Michael Kinirons and Fiona Seres are aware of Australian classics like The Last Wave , Walkabout and Picnic At Hanging Rock , but settled for reading the backs of their DVD jackets .
Strangerland builds tension far past its breaking point .
It 's hard to get over the movie 's haunting atmosphere . It may be just another story of kids in peril , but this one 's particularly hard to shake .
Frequently caught spinning its wheels instead of fully examining its conflicts . Farrant attempts to turn something primal into an actor showcase , and her permissiveness slows the movie to a crawl .
Kidman is an actress to reckon with , but this jamboree of unresolved subtexts is less a mystery than a long-winded guessing game .
A rickety production with a stable Kidman , acting her heart out , unwilling to go down with a production that hardly deserves her and which sometimes even seems to be trying to humiliate her .
Kidman clarifies as much as she can , and for a while the movie seems to be on her wavelength . Eventually , though , its mysteries get lost in the shadows .
Bad art movies can be such a chore sometimes .
-LSB- An -RSB- often intense début Aussie feature drama from director Kim Farrant
The problem is , for all of the striving at depth , it ultimately does n't make much sense .
The disappearance of a married couple 's two children plays out in dispiritingly predictable and melodramatic fashion in Strangerland .
Yes , I know grief does strange things to people , and sex can be a way of expressing that distress , but making it the focus of Kidman 's performance just seems forced and dramatically pointless .
A top flight cast and vivid setting make up for the predictability and lack of urgency in this Aussie melodrama .
Strangerland operates as if under the presumption that the sketchiness of its various insights will be smoothed over .
An atmospheric whodunit guaranteed to keep you intrigued and guessing right to the very end .
Strangerland is a grim Australian drama that asks tough questions of its characters .
The more you try to immerse yourself in Strangerland , the less it fails to stand up to scrutiny .
A provocative and powerful look at grief and the strange ways we can react in times of crisis .
Strangerland works surprisingly well for a film that hinges on bad teenage poetry delivered in a completely disaffected tone .
I was deeply impressed by Strangerland and likely for many of the reasons that others have not .
Director Kim Farrant is big on mood but not on movement , producing yet another Australian film where you come out humming the cinematography because of the now-standard third act issues that should have stopping dogging Australian films 10 years ago .
Bold , extremely accomplished and confident ... it 's got a foot in each of the commercial and arthouse camps , and is entertaining in both ... gripping , thrilling , creepy and exciting .
There 's a wonderful mood and sense of place about Kim Farrant 's debut feature set in the Australian outback , although the individual parts are more successful than the whole
The cast feel dislocated from and unfamiliar with the environments captured by PJ Dillon 's alternately vast and close-up , glossy and dusty cinematography .
Overlong , ambiguous , and unsatisfying , yet marked by beautiful cinematography and a few terrific performances .
`` Strangerland '' starts off promisingly enough , but it just ca n't decide where it wants to go , or even how to get there
-LSB- The -RSB- film sits rather awkwardly , and frustratingly , between here and there , sure of what it does n't want to do and say , but not quite settled on what it does .
Maybe the point is the parents ' suffering , but maybe that 's just a kind way to say that the mystery never entirely engages .
The film remains stranded in a sort of genre no man 's land .

@highlight

Strangerland has a marvelous cast , but their efforts are n't enough to overcome the story 's blandly predictable melodrama .