Thanks to some superlative acting and a beautifully constructed screenplay , Freeheld is one of the unsung pleasures of the winter .
You 'd have to have a heart of stone not to be moved by the story here , just as you 'd have to have a mind cemented shut to deny the issues of fairness under the law that are explored .
It teeters on the edge of camp pretension before whipping out its raison d'etre and being unapologetically political . That said , the sheer amount of bodily fluids displayed before it forecloses means it slightly outstays its welcome .
Maybe Just See the Documentary It 's Based On ?
Moore and Page do n't have great chemistry , which means the heart of a movie about the power of love does n't quite beat .
This is ultimately a by-the-numbers issue pic stubbornly televisual in style and scope .
A typically vanilla offering that only hints at deeper `` issues '' .
Half love story , half kind of courtroom drama , over-egging the emotion in the film diminishes the story 's emotional richness . So , three stars for story rather than delivery .
Freeheld is not an Oscar movie . Freeheld is an HBO-on-a-Sunday-afternoon-because-you-don ` t-have-anything-else-to-do movie , and as an HBO-on-a-Sunday-afternoon-because-you-don ` t-have-anything-else-to-do movie , it 's solid .
This almost Caprian tale loses its strength when it trades form for an exalted sense of spectacle and celebration . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A touching film based on a true story with perfect casting . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Unfortunately , the story gets too caught up in the politics , and though Moore delivers an emotional ending , we 're not given the chance to get to know Laurel and Stacie - just what happened to them .
It has some cliches and sometimes can be a little corny , but it boasts great performances and is profound , sober and exciting . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A melodrama which at times gives in to the temptation to fall . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The performances by Julianne Moore and Ellen Page give added value to this real life story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -LSB-
Even films with the best of intentions can go horribly awry . ... -LSB- This is -RSB- a narrative that ca n't decide if it 's a disease-of-the-week drama , a gay rights story or a courtroom battle .
Freeheld is ultimately a film without a soul , without character ; full of clichés to a genre that simply does not need them . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In the quest to make An Important Film , director Peter Sollet -LRB- Nick and Norah 's Infinite Playlist , Raising Victor Vargas -RRB- has produced Teachable Moments instead of complexity or authentic emotion .
Great themes and story and a spectacular cast , however , it 's predictable and it takes the easy way out . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Thank God there are good performances that work -LRB- but do n't save -RRB- in this movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A manipulative drama with good intentions that ends up being a cartoon of what it wants to say . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The performances are top notch and the case is a worthy portraying example of human rights , addressing issues of equality , tolerance and homophobia . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Even if it 's a small film , the performances and the relevance of it 's story save it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Una pequeña joya , bien actuada , bien contada , con un elenco extraordinario , aunque muy modestamente producida .
The movie manages to put it 's ideas out there , maybe not in the most subtle way , but it gets the discussion going and that 's the idea in the end . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It falls in the same cliches about tolerance and does n't really add anything new or original to the subject . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An acceptable drama that had more potential in its noble story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Flat , and lacking the archly deadened attributes of Todd Haynes ' Carol , a quartet of World 's Greatest Actors work hard to animate a timid movie .
Perfunctory direction renders dull what could have been a compelling story about the need for equality in a job where decades ' worth of gender discrimination has been compounded by systemic homophobia .
Freeheld is earnest and well-intentioned but often feels like it is trying to teach us all a lesson . It works best in the tender emotions of one woman facing the awful reality of losing the woman she loves .
Moore gets to wear a striking wig but has no dialogue that makes you look twice . And the more Stacie cries over her saintly lover , the more guiltily conscious you become that your own eyes are water-free .
Sollett mounts a full-scale attack on the tear ducts as he rolls out scene after scene of inspiring oratory , heart-rending illness and full-on liberal do-gooding . And it works like gangbusters ...
Worth catching .
Freeheld has a very worthwhile subject , and its A-list liberal actors do their best .
May be a familiar David-versus-Goliath tale , it is also an inspiring and hugely emotional experience , due in large part to the powerful performances .
Why does Michael Shannon get the best written part in a lesbian drama ?
Besides that , the film simplifies the disorder . Shots of bug-eyed Carla and Marco running hand-in-hand through the streets while blue and yellow planets swirl around them just looks like an acid trip .
You 've got to feel sorry for the makers of Freeheld . They must have thought they had it in the bag .
One to avoid .
Strong subject matter and a superb cast are treated disappointingly with sledgehammer subtlety .
It does all the feeling on your behalf , and does n't seem particularly bothered if you join in or not .
Superficial handling of an intriguing subject matter and potentially engrossing love story . It 's tamely adequate but not nearly enough satisfying .
The movie slips towards disease-of-the-week terrain .
Enjoyable to watch if somewhat undemanding and lacking in complexity , `` Freeheld '' tells an important story with a comfort-food vibe .
Anyone who 's watched any of the recent Christian-issue movies ... will recognize a similarly hectoring tone in this picture , flip-flopped this time to fit liberal concerns
-LSB- Freeheld has -RSB- a tendency to resort to slightly awkward speechifying , and yet the lead performances from Julianne Moore and Ellen Page are so strong it does n't really matter .
Freeheld assigns its most dynamic arcs to the straight characters who align themselves , sooner or later , with Laurel and Stacie .
Julianne Moore and Ellen Page deliver two terrific performances . You get a strong sense of the bond and connection that existed between their respective characters .
The citizens-vs-city hall story has a distinct Frank Capra resonance to it , especially when a media-savvy gay activist , played superbly by Steve Carell , chimes in with his dial-a-crowd protesters .
Luckily , the film finds its feet to end up an undeniably affecting portrayal of a landmark civil rights battle .
Despite all the pros , Freeheld ca n't help but feel underwhelming .
Moore charts Hester 's physical disintegration with brutal candour while , at the same time , conjuring up the indomitability of somebody determined to leave a worthwhile legacy -- to her partner and to other gay couples caught in the same bind .
There is an important and moving story at its heart , and strong central performances from Moore , Page and Shannon , but they 're undermined , in the final stages , by a strange kind of rote efficiency in the way it is told .
Moore and Page are such forcefully credible fits for their roles -- particularly once the magnitude of Laurel 's plight is known -- that Freeheld never quite feels like the consciousness-raising weepie it actually turns out to be .
It 's a valid story with poignant elements , yet director Peter Sollett champions the elements with an earnest voracity that detracts
Pales in comparison with Cynthia Wade 's 2007 Oscar-winning short documentary with the same name , covering the same topic .
Page and Julianne Moore , who plays Hester , have an easy if not electric chemistry , but they seem hamstrung by the movie-of-the-week tropes and Peter Sollett 's plodding direction .
Page impresses as Stacie , a private , apolitical woman who goes public for the sake of the woman she loves . Shannon also delivers the goods as a straight cop who likewise rises to the occasion .
It 's so hard for a film to fight through the reality that it 's build around people giving speeches , especially when those speeches are meant for an audience that already agrees .
Director Peter Sollett wisely keeps the focus on the two very private women at the center of a storm that never should have broken .
The beats of Hester 's conflict with the freeholders are hit but they lack emotional depth , with Nyswaner relying too much on the simple contrast between her frailty and their out-of-touch moralising .
There are n't a lot of surprises in Freeheld . But that does n't diminish the emotional punch of the story or the calibre of the performances .
The story is righteous and Moore and Page are strong -LRB- as is Michael Shannon as Moore 's police partner -RRB- , all to the movie 's credit .
-LSB- Freeheld -RSB- is sincere , to be sure , but unlikely to win any prizes . For starters , the most memorable character in this important story of a courageous woman is a man ; that 's a problem .
Disappointing in the extreme , Freeheld is a well-meaning movie that never ignites .
`` Freeheld '' is a snapshot of a notable American moment .
It hits the right sentimental moments but does n't truly touch hearts as it settles into courtroom drama mode .
An emotional drama that allows us to invest in its characters and root for the right thing .
Not to be frivolous about the subject of Freeheld -- Moore is routinely excellent , for the record -- but the true story of Laurel Hester deserves better than this unprepossessing group hug for masochistic liberals .
No movie can fully suppress the talents of Moore , Page , and Shannon , but in Ron Nyswaner 's script , every theme gets put in a character 's mouth , and every plot point gets telegraphed , mailed , emailed , and texted ahead of its arrival .
Too much of `` Freeheld '' plays like a cinematic Wikipedia entry .
... somehow feels dated and melodramatic , and not just because of the decade that has passed between her true-life struggles and the release of the film inspired by her story .
Overall , it 's a superficial , didactic , big-screen movie of the week with situations that , even if true , come off as artificial .
Freeheld is a film with grand intentions and little to no idea what to do with them beyond the point of having them .
Compassionate drama about equality has intense themes .
It 's one of those movies that tries hard to `` stay true to the material , '' forsaking anything personal in the process , as if the filmmakers were simply empty vessels whose only job is to bring this important story to the masses .
Freeheld is a time capsule of tactful , half-hearted advocacy .
Good intentions , a terrific cast and an important real-life story are mostly squandered by a mediocre execution of telling the tale . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Violence , Profanity , etc. - for Parents available -RRB-
It 's a stiff , overly calculated piece of awards bait that has all the elements of an Academy Awards triumph - except a beating heart .
Good intentions are n't enough to make a quality movie .
As often happens in re-telling a recent true story , the movie trips over the proportions in trying to get the facts straight .
In the end credits , we see photos of the real Laurel and Stacie , in happier days , and you can see love glowing around them . Too bad that the movie , well-intentioned as it is , never quite catches that spark .
`` Freeheld '' is a disappointingly flat affair , plodding in its pacing and predictable in its story beats .
A well-meaning movie whose sterling intentions , timely and provocative subject and terrific cast are muted to near oblivion by uninspired storytelling and direction .
It 's just a shame Freeheld could n't state its case without STATING ITS CASE so often .
The story is more worthy than watchable -- part chest-thumping issue drama , part disease-of-the-week tearjerker .
Moore and Page imbue a humdrum expository courtship with warmth and tenderness .
Even as Freeheld only makes a brief note about the brutal practices of the health care and insurance systems , leaving that argument to another movie , it seems overwhelmed by the story it means to tell .
The drama that `` Freeheld '' unsuccessfully strives for ultimately ca n't compete with the far-more-compelling facts that inspired it .
`` Freeheld '' is formulaic , but some formulas are good if you do them right , and it helps knowing that it all really happened , or most of it .
Freeheld punches all the right buttons as a populist , feeling-good-about-feeling-bad underdog story .
A glorified TV movie-of-the-week that does n't do full justice to either the real-life story on which it 's based or to its committed cast ... but still manages to carry an emotional impact despite its predictability .
Deprived of the tension and struggle that come from an uphill battle against injustice .
Just because anyone would agree with its message does n't mean this glorified Lifetime movie does a worthy job of conveying it .
`` Freeheld '' is n't bad -- with that kind of source material and topline acting talent it almost could n't be -- but it could have been much more than it is .
Director Peter Sollett offers little cinematic joys beyond the obvious . Everything is meant to be taken at face value with no symbolism to dissect or metaphors to decrypt .
It 's all so neatly laid out yet so lacking in the type of detail that would give it emotional soul . Even the dog Stacie so yearns for and gets with Laurel goes MIA once it 's served its purpose .
The early scenes , when Laurel and Stacie first meet and court , are charming , and the performers ' contrapuntal acting styles here ring true . But when the diagnosis arrives , all the predictable buttons are pushed and righteousness reigns .
A story this inspiring should not feel like medicine .
For all its clumsiness , the story resonates-and the photos that run over the final credits are a poignant reminder of the real life , not just the political legacy , that Laurel left behind .
In spite of itself ... `` Freeheld '' still delivers emotionally .
Well-intentioned to a fault , with Steve Carell only the most visible/risible stereotype ... But it works .
It 's a well-made but matter-of-fact account of a gripping story , one made more poignant by the advances made in gay rights in the decade since .
A television movie of the week gone uninterestingly wrong ...
The real-life story is moving and stirring enough to carry over the film 's tendency to coddle its straight audience 's perceived inability to be outraged over Laurel 's plight .
It does n't quite feel like the prestige pictures that blow through theaters this time of year ; it 's a drama often dignified by its workmanlike approach , one that feels relatively judicious with its uplift .
This film about a headline-making LGBT rights case simplifies when it most needs to stay knotty , but keep your eyes on Julianne Moore and Ellen Page and you 'll know your seeing the truth .
You would have to be a stone to be completely unmoved by `` Freeheld , '' especially with Moore as the star . But having its heart and mind in the right place is not enough to make this a better movie than it is .
The film 's heart is in the right place , but its focus is not .
It 's a poignant , relevant and beautifully made film that must not be missed by anyone with a heart and a social conscience .
Exists to shame or flatter its audiences , depending on who they are , but it might be most useful for bearing another Julianne Moore performance you have to see , no matter the consequences .
It 's a sharp-enough political drama , building to a Lincoln-like public vote , and it 's a surprisingly restrained cancer picture , an affecting one that nonetheless does n't demand that we agonize at each step of the patient 's decline .
Deliriously entertaining and almost , with some relief , a comedy , as it finds joy in the friction between opposites .
By the numbers it may well be , yet this movie , about the fight for gender equality , will succeed in rousing its audience .
-LSB- A -RSB- strictly by-the-numbers production
The film has plenty going for it , yet for those jaded viewers who will justifiably feel they 've seen it all before it may be fair to remember that it may not really be targeted at them .
Accessible , relevant drama with a trio of great performances by Moore , Page and Shannon .
While Ron Nyswaner 's script pays a lot of lip service to the theory that this film is about the people caught up in a legal issue and not the issue itself , that is precisely where it fails .
Not one single moment is subtle . But when a woman is rotting away from cancer , subtlety may not be required .
Only a country where marriage equality is a foregone conclusion could produce a film about gay politics bled of all rage and resentment .
Well-meaning but fairly predictable tear-jerker .
This pic belongs to Page and Moore , who make us care deeply about this complex couple . Bring kleenex .
It is n't a great movie , but it 's a great story told with affection and heart .
At times plays like a period piece , populated by cardboard bigots , flamboyant gay crusaders and other hoary relics of a less enlightened past . That may be cause for celebration , but it 's hardly a compliment .
Hester 's goal was to convince politicians that gay people are like everyone else . In its ultra-mainstream style , and now in its argument for equality -LRB- which most of America endorses today -RRB- , this solidly acted drama drives that point home .
Peter Sollet 's fact-based drama could n't have come at a better time to remind the world how far equality has come in America , and how fresh the fight still is . Instead , Freeheld comes across as shockingly trite .
It lays dormant in a small courtroom , where anger and inspiration are supposed to fly but lies lifeless among the picket signs and Josh Charles ' snarls .
Your tears may for how this glorified PSA embraces the smugness that Moore and Page 's performances pointedly shun throughout .
Freeheld underwhelms even as it more or less delivers ...
An impressive cast and significant real-life events ca n't trump the fact it 's a badly made movie .
Loses sight of the humans at its heart and fails to find a way to compellingly dramatize an important story .
Freeheld shows the ways a conventional love story is affected when its participants are the victims of injustice .

@highlight

Freeheld certainly means well , but its cardboard characters and by-the-numbers drama undermine its noble intentions .