Eastern Promises is a fascinating case of a film made under the intense gaze of a supreme auteur and written by the separate but equally potent hand of a writer .
Knight throws in a twist that scrambles the movie 's moral compass so late in the game , so perfunctorily and so pointlessly , as to render any final reckoning incoherent .
Quite possibly the best film of the year , it is to be seen at all costs .
David Cronenberg 's spin on `` The Departed , '' in which lawmen and the lawless were similarly tested within an ethnic mafia 's ranks . But where that became an overwrought bloodbath , `` Promises '' maintained a vicious focus on mob malevolence and personal peril .
`` It starts very well , and we 're immediately drawn into this world of dead pregnant teens , the Russian mob , the hermeneutics of tattoos and the archetypal disappointment of a father with his son . ''
A captivating and intimidating presence , Mortenson is simply striking in his consecutive Cronenberg film , playing the slick Russian mob figure who suffers from a crisis of conscience with equal parts calm and intensity .
Clearly a companion piece to -LRB- and just as good as , if not better than -RRB- 2005 's fantastic A History of Violence , Eastern Promises is all about blood , in the familial as well as the literal sense .
Even if the frequently low-key plot suffers from the occasional sleepy stretch , Mortensen turns in a magnificent performance .
Late-period Cronenberg masterpiece
David Cronenberg is a director who sets out to bring life -LRB- and death -RRB- back to violence . In Eastern Promises he does just that . It is a movie that will make audiences squirm and look away .
Mortensen is very convincing as Nikolai , and his Russian accent is impeccable .
Un ejemplo de cine negro contemporáneo realizado y narrado con gran precisión . Excelente elenco donde se destaca la notable labor de Viggo Mortensen .
Eastern Promises has a lot going for it , which makes it all the more disappointing when the story takes a fatal turn towards the end .
This is my favorite David Cronenberg film to date .
... a Godfather for a new culture and era .
Poderia perfeitamente ter se revelado um thriller absolutamente convencional caso não tivesse , a seu favor , dois elementos importantíssimos : a direção segura e intrigante de David Cronenberg e , claro , a performance hipnótica de Viggo Mortensen .
Despite Viggo 's total gorgeousness , a nude fight-for-his-life in a steam room has all the titillation of a butcher throwing down a slab of meat .
David Cronenberg proves he does n't have to use violence to tell a good story .
If you 're a fan of crime flicks , Viggo Mortensen or director David Cronenberg , this movie is sure to give you what you want .
Surprising and rather suspenseful crime drama and the perfect follow-up from the director who composes a pleasing violent moral duality tale ...
There seems to be no point to it all other than to craft an unsettling motion picture with some grisly close ups of throats being slit .
Though not as subtle , complex , or personal as History of Violence , Cronenberg 's new film is a grim , taut , well-crafted crimer about the Russian mafia in London , as close to a genre picture as helmer has ever done .
Barbershop throat slitting , nude macho wrestling and eye gouging in a bathhouse , and far too willing underage Ukrainian sex slaves . A double vodka , please .
Its subtext , which is about sex and violence and the way one often dovetails with the other , and the skill of its making , render it gripping enough .
An orgy of slit throats , lopped digits and a naked fight scene that will tattoo itself on to your brain .
Cronenberg is his own master , still ready to throw in the sort of scene few other directors could dare .
Although relentlessly gripping , the film is more interesting than it is satisfying , let down by the script .
Despite the star presence of Viggo Mortensen , David Cronenberg 's violent film about the Russian Mafia in London is a disappointment .
The David Cronenberg-directed movie - which caused outrage this week after being passed uncut by the censors - does not leave anything to the imagination when it comes to death .
There are interesting scenes , moments , ideas : but Eastern Promises does not have the sinew and boldness of Cronenberg 's best work .
Very violent but chillingly cool .
Accents are as thick as borscht , and vodka flows almost as freely as the blood .
Such brutality may be hard to watch , but it 's more truthful than most big-screen violence , and it does n't have the flippancy that so degrades Eli Roth , Tarantino and other purveyors of ` torture porn ' .
An instant cult classic .
It 's a role that Mortensen inhabits with great elan . With hair slicked back , a cigarette clamped in the corner of his mouth and a sardonic glint in his eye , he looks as if he 's earned every inky stain .
With Oscar season almost upon us , `` Eastern Promises '' fires the first shot in the race for the golden boy .
to Eastern Promises leitoyrgei stin triha os to kalytero mesaioy belinekoys thrilerodrama poy mporeis na petyheis sti megali othoni edo kai poly kairo .
A violent taut thriller that explores an entirely different moral universe : Hackney .
Like the Borscht served on Semyon 's Trans-Siberian menu , Promises is filling , flavoursome and full of dead meat . Thanks to its compelling story and a powerful performance by Mortensen , it 's also as hard to shake off as one of Nikolai 's tattoos .
Slightly hesitant , slightly undercharacterised and gently compromising , hybrid : an oddly diplomatic , if often brutal , dip into the hellish demi-mondes lurking behind bouncer-guarded London doorways .
The immigrant experience takes on a blacker-than-black hue in director David Cronenberg 's masterful tale of Russian mafiosa in London .
Mortensen shines but a contrived , issue-driven plot destabilises what could have been a great Russian gangster movie .
If you can stomach Cronenberg 's bloody style , then you 'll probably like this kind of movie a lot more than I do .
Eastern Promises , a sleek , stylish thriller about slavery within the seedy underworld of the Russian mob in Britain .
Compelling but brutal mafia film for adults only .
A gritty , shocking and darkly entertaining crime thriller that coats its action with a layer of barrel-bottom sleaze .
It 's a chilling portrayal of another darkly complex character for Mortensen , and while David Cronenberg 's film lacks the completeness of A History of Violence , its intrigue , contrasts and wonderfully described Russian life , is one we have not seen before
Cronenberg once again highlights the secrets lurking among us as only he can . The result gets underneath our skin and stays put .
Impressively directed , gripping thriller with a strong script and superb performances from Watts and Mortensen .
By most standards , this would count as a moody and sophisticated thriller - but it just does not quite live up to the Cronenberg promise .
David Cronenberg tells a story of the Russian mob in London as only he can -- indeed , with ample doses of brutal , bloody , extreme violence .
Eastern Promises is mostly predictable throughout the film , but that never diminishes the intrigue and drama of the story .
It 's a raw film with a few problems -LRB- one being that you do n't care for Anna as much as you care about the gangsters -RRB- . It 's cool , but disturbing ... and worth a look .
A predictable plot with trademark David Cronenberg highlights is salvaged by a great cast ... but just barely .
... this movie slows down to a crawl to examine the grim reality of people who live without hope , controlled by monsters who pretend to be human .
An unforgettable bathhouse brawl immediately takes a place among Cronenberg 's best and most outrageous sequences -LRB- and with this director , that 's really saying something -RRB- .
If you enjoy a good mob movie -LRB- and who does n't ? -RRB- , then you 'll enjoy Eastern Promises , which delivers a great one .
Moreso than most crime films , Eastern Promises bears the heavy , omnipresent weight of history .
I see award nominations all over the place here -- it is simply a crackling arthouse of talent in every craft .
It 's just too bad Eastern Promises , on the whole , promises more than it delivers .
A fresh blast of toxic air that lingers .
Eastern Promises is a good movie , no doubt ... but the script might have made a better movie in the hands of a director with less of a vision
For all his three-dimensional humanism , it 's clear Cronenberg likes his men to get their hands dirty and enjoys watching small-boned women dish out sass . In short , everyone in a Cronenberg film has to have the same kind of balls he does or they wo n't make
After the movie ends , and you recall its various touchpoints , Cronenberg 's work suddenly acquires unexpected retrospective depth .
Double-crosses , violent fights , and secret plans make the film feel like a good episode of the Sopranovs . This could well be Cronenberg 's best film of this decade , atmospheric and exciting .
`` Promises '' is a solid , involving crime thriller elevated by some quintessentially Cronenbergian touches , but it 's not a truly disturbing Cronenberg experience like `` A History of Violence '' or `` Spider . ''
`` The naked bathhouse fight is perhaps the most eagerly anticipated scene in this brutal Cronenberg thriller - but there 's more to it than that . ''
Grabs you , holds you , and wo n't let go . It 's a film that you carry around with you for days after seeing it .
Ah , September is here . And with it arrive the `` serious '' movies .
London as a murky wood filthy with wolves .
It is not the histrionics that keep us hooked . What lingers long after the movie has ended are the characters .
Exploring an array of themes ranging from love and betrayal to morality and mortality , Eastern Promises is a mesmerizing thriller designed for folks with a penchant for lingering depictions of utter depravity . Sheer brutality as cinematic beauty .
... a powerful , well-done film that will not be to every taste .
A note to Oscar : You have n't noticed yet , but there 's this guy up in Canada named Cronenberg .
... It does n't take long for this supposedly ` conventional ' Cronenberg outing to announce its place in his portfolio . It begins with blood and slime ...
Eastern Promises will take your breath away , churn your stomach , and then leave you with memories of unforgettable characters as well as perplexing thoughts about good and evil .
Here is an excellent crime thriller made with grown-ups in mind .
This is a film with a lot of big emotions , but not a lot of big moments .
Devilishly intelligent .
Mortensen , lean and muscular and moving like a prowling tiger , gives a subtle portrayal of a man struggling with his conscience .
Eastern Promises is not just one of this year 's best films , it is also my pick for the best David Cronenberg movie to date .
It 's exciting , it 's smart and it has something to say .
Even though Eastern Promises inhabits a creepy world , Cronenberg fans still might be reluctant to leave it .
In its assured pacing , framing , cutting and detail , the film takes on an almost supernatural air .
Mortensen 's work is so good that you 'll want to go back and see Eastern Promises a second time just to appreciate the way he plays us .
... manages to blend the clashing of cultures , family resentment , ugly heritage and the unlikely promise of new life without going in circles .
Eastern Promises is a straightforward , straight-up Russian gangster movie whose primary achievement is making the Russian gangster underworld feel exotic and menacing .
... Eastern Promises is as honorable an entertainment as it is a humbling work of art .
... Eastern Promises is intensely anti-dramatic .
It 's Cronenberg 's film , but it 's the actors who elevate Eastern Promises from mere thriller to some other , more disturbing plane ...
As exactingly wrought as an anatomical diagram or one of Mortensen 's symbolic tattoos , ` Eastern Promises ' celebrates the wonder , power and fragility of the human body , from infancy to death .
Cronenberg and screenwriter Steve Knight -LRB- ` Amazing Grace ' -RRB- are actually examining the broader questions of whether people can live moral lives even in the foulest places on Earth .
Cronenberg is n't out to explore that particular narrative thread . Indeed , many of the standard crime story motifs that have come to define the cinematic category are completely ignored by this wonderful film ...
Cronenberg is in the first rank of directors ; no one should be surprised that Eastern Promises is a thoroughly enjoyable movie that , unlike most of the films it references , gets better the more you think about it . It 's one of the year 's best .
extremely violent and richly atmospheric ... culminates in an electrifying scene that 's destined to be discussed by movie fans for years .
If ... Violence was Cronenberg 's gift to Viggo Mortensen , unlocking the greatness of the rising star , consider this the actor 's return favor . He 's mesmerizing .
A gangster movie is not exactly a gangster movie when director David Cronenberg gets his hands on it .
Following up A History Of Violence , David Cronenberg has once again teamed with Viggo Mortensen to make another film about identity , family and , well , violence .
It is the violence that stands out -LRB- in a good way -RRB- .
Suffice it to say it 's a bit of primal brutality that lays bare the animal in each of us , fighting to survive .
In Cronenberg , it appears Mortensen has found a like-minded mentor , while in Mortensen , Cronenberg has found something approaching a muse .
It 's a mouthful of blood with a vodka chaser .
Viggo Mortensen is riveting ... . You ca n't take your eyes off him , even when you most want to .
An icily seductive parable about family , power , unconventional justice and the perils of answered prayers .
Eastern Promises is a subtle and precisely calibrated work of astonishing cumulative power .
What Knight 's script lacks ... is made up for by Cronenberg and his cast ...
Like it or not , the Russians have their very own Godfather with David Cronenberg 's dark , brutal thriller about the inner-workings of London 's Russian mafia featuring another powerful performance by Viggo Mortensen .
Eastern Promises proves two things : First , director David Cronenberg knows how to end a movie better than just about anybody else in the business and , second , Viggo Mortensen is the greatest American actor that nobody in America cares about .
Full of whispery menace , marked by probing studies of masculinity at its extreme boundaries , punctuated with bursts of sexual and violent excess , and coping with an abrupt ending .
In his severity , Cronenberg disrupts the audience 's immersion in a story that might have become a landmark tale of corruption and conscience ...
I can not easily recommend these delights to everyone , but my high regard for Mr. Cronenberg 's stylistic virtues remains largely undiminished .
Eastern Promises is shockingly gorgeous , for all the ugliness it portrays .
Feels , except for a few choice moments , like the work of a slightly bored craftsman phoning it in .
Viggo Mortensen chews it up and spits it out as the corrupt centerpiece of maverick director David Cronenberg 's searing mob thriller .
Cronenberg here is at his twisted , brilliant best
Mueller-Stahl - equal parts grandfatherly and malevolent - conveys more menace in an offhand remark than most actors do pointing a loaded gun .
Its subtextual currents are more compelling than the actual narrative itself , which never wholly coheres into something satisfyingly suspenseful .
A mediocre crime thriller -- nothing more , nothing less . That it 's directed by David Cronenberg is disappointing .
Cronenberg comes through once again with a stylized , original look at relationships within a mafia family and between its driver and a nurturing woman .
Mortensen and Watts shine and their terrific performances elevate Eastern Promises into a compelling drama worth checking out .
Eastern Promises crosses up and recombines stories of parents and children , even violence and history .
-LSB- A -RSB- chilly , masterful thriller .
This is Mortensen and Cronenberg 's second collaboration -- the first was A History of Violence -- and it 's turning into a beautiful friendship .
If you do n't mind bloodshed and are drawn to taut thrillers with fascinating characters portrayed skillfully , Eastern Promises is just the ticket .
Cronenberg has become such an assured director that it 's a pleasure to sit back and hand yourself over to his sick and singular vision .
Eastern Promises feels more like the first half of a character-driven epic than a film capable of standing on its own .
-LSB- Viggo Mortensen -RSB- lends a moral complexity to Eastern Promises that makes it much more than just a very accomplished action thriller .
I did n't make a whole lot of notes during Eastern Promises because there was n't a whole lot to critique . It does what it does expertly .
Eastern Promises reveals yet again what a master craftsman and artist Cronenberg is . His film is elegant in its ability to disturb . It serves up a twisted morality tale that flashes a fleeting and unexpected tenderness .
A fascinating entry into a little-understood subculture .
A movie whose images and implications are likely to stay in your head for a long time .
Love him or hate him , no one makes movies quite like David Cronenberg , a man who can take an otherwise cut-rate Russian mob thriller and turn it into something absolutely fascinating .
As steeped in Russian flavors as a hot samovar , this fast , compelling story is also oddly Dickensian in its shadowy corners and twists .
This intermittently riveting and atmospheric film nevertheless ends on such a bewilderingly abrupt and unsatisfying note , you wonder if there 's a missing reel .
An engrossing , politically conscious thriller with superior acting that does n't reveal how little it 's up to until it whiffs to a close .
-LSB- Cronenberg 's -RSB- most straightforward and accessible movie since The Fly .
In the end ` Eastern ' promises - and delivers - an intelligent film full of it 's own brand of sound and fury .
Eastern Promises is the first must-see adult film of the young fall .
Expertly realized and gunmetal slick , Eastern Promises whirs along with perfect efficiency , but does n't stir much in the way of visceral horror despite its penchant for treating the human body like a chicken carcass on a block .
While the film falls short of Cronenberg 's best , it still boasts Mortensen 's authoritative acting and extraordinary commitment to the material .
Like A History of Violence , David Cronenberg 's brilliant new film goes far beyond its thriller genre .
What it 's really about , more than sensitivity for displaced people or social analyses , is violence -- hideous , gruesome , over-the-top violence .
As bloody good as parts of Eastern Promises are , as a whole it 's a bloody mess .
The film 's genius performance belongs to the venerable Armin Mueller-Stahl , who plays the family head with a twinkling eye and an air of avuncular , Old World charm .
Eastern Promises is n't particularly long , but it feels full -- full of tension and excitement and beautifully staged scenes .
David Cronenberg 's Eastern Promises plays like a companion piece to his overrated A History of Violence .
A film that takes us beyond crime and London and the Russian mafia and into the mystifying realms of human nature .
David Cronenberg 's follow-up to A History of Violence lacks the theoretical dimension of its predecessor , but it 's no less masterful in its fluid storytelling and shocking choreography of violence .
In Eastern Promises , David Cronenberg 's hellacious new Russian mob movie , Viggo Mortensen finally comes of age as an actor and a movie star .
A mysterious crime family with smoldering secrets plays with sharp objects off the slimy backwaters of the Thames . Cronenberg and Mortensen are at it again , with relish !
... a brilliantly acted and directed film that keeps you on the edge of your seat , marred only by the graphic violence and a Hollywood twist that strained my credulity .
Cronenberg 's film has a distinctive somber sheen and startling jolts of perversity , and it could only be the work of one man , a director who demonstrates here , yet again , why he 's one of the best .
An arresting marvel of storytelling and substance , this pitch black parable of history , tradition , family and vengeance is a hard-core thriller ranking amongst this director 's very best .
Eastern Promises ' unusually ambiguous character study makes for a different kind of crime drama , a striking if not entirely satisfying one .
... does n't have the mythical pull of A History of Violence , yet Cronenberg is too accomplished and clever of a filmmaker to let this gangster tale seem rote .
Eastern Promises is a routine crime drama that tries to have Anna 's humanitarian mission give it an air of nobility .
Mortensen delivers yet another startling performance , stunning in its intensity and cunning in its ambiguity .
Eastern Promises is n't so much a motion picture as it is a master class in performance nuance and tonal control ... an extraordinarily threatening crime saga made with unnerving skill and exquisite detail
What makes it great is that it 's a David Cronenberg movie ; he tells a compelling story , filled with his own particular obsessions . It 's personal , unpretentious and unassuming .
As Cronenberg 's primary vehicle , Mortensen makes the show his own .
An ultimately satisfying venture with a few spot-on acting turns , but it is a tad too ordinary for a director who thrives when he is anything but .
The kind of dark , disturbing and deeply fascinating work that jolts you while you are watching it unfold and continues to insinuate itself into your mind long after the end credits have rolled .
Cronenberg 's film regulates all its characters to the ghosts that swirl around them .
... has its moments of hideous violence and a few touches of Cronenberg 's disgust with human flesh , but for the most part it 's simply an OK gangster movie .
One of the best taut thrillers you 'll see in 2007 .
Eastern Promises , a chilly character thriller set in the Russian underworld of London , has elements of murder mystery and gangster melodrama . But in director David Cronenberg 's hands , it 's a search for moral bearing in a dark and desperate world .
While Eastern Promises works overall on more of a low , insinuating simmer , it 's one of Cronenberg 's most satisfying pictures .
The restraint of both director and actor makes this steely gangster drama reverberate long after it ends .
A thriller can lead us into the fascinating intricacy of a criminal subculture , and Eastern Promises does that with the globalized Russian Mob .
Eastern Promises is a pretty hollow viewing experience . It deals with the ugly life choices facing Eastern immigrants in the West -LRB- London -RRB- but seems more contrived than truthful .
Whether in cloaked repose or naked defense , Mortensen dares you to take your eyes off of him .
Significant tension keeps a minimal plot on ice , with changes that are small but precise , like a blade that grazes your throat moments after it appears .
A riveting drama ... it 's only by comparison to Cronenberg 's best that it comes up slightly short .
`` Eastern Promises '' is an exceptionally well-crafted thriller that draws its audience through a thick narrative maze of complicity and double crosses .
Here we have somber reflection , the lurking gray peril of an urban underbelly , shifting shifty glances and unspoken threats . Eastern Promises is almost silent -- even its title sounds like a shush .
Brutal , but not cruel .
Ultra-violence , forced prostitution , and a bloody nude killing spree in a Russian steam bath .
I 've said it before and hope to again : David Cronenberg is the most provocative , original , and consistently excellent North American director of his generation .
David Cronenberg , the so-called ` King of Venereal Horror ' , has managed to subversively reinvent himself once again -- albeit in the form of Martin Scorsese , but I 'm not complaining .
Perhaps the director set the bar so high with A History of Violence that there was no way he could equal it with Eastern Promises , but for him to fall so far short is nothing less than criminal .
Offers mostly empty promises .
You walk out of Eastern Promises feeling spooked and sullied , as if waking from a noisome dream . `` London is to blame , '' one of the characters declares , but I do n't buy it . I blame David Cronenberg .
Eastern Promises is finally conventional , even sentimental .
Eastern Promises is a compelling drama about the collision of conscience and criminality . Chalk up another win for David Cronenberg .
While this is n't a terrible movie , compared to A History of Violence or any of Cronenberg 's earlier films , it 's a huge disappointment .
Cronenberg 's latest is as engrossing as it is creepy .
It 's a very , very strong film , -LSB- but -RSB- a little tough to watch sometimes .
Eastern Promises instantly takes its place among David Cronenberg 's very best films .
Cronenberg does it again -- a fact that will please most savvy filmgoers with strong stomachs .
Eastern Promises is a straighter version of Inland Empire , which is not to say that it is n't totally queer .
... absolutely compelling ...
Menacingly brilliant .
Cronenberg 's Christmas flick is intensely thought-provoking and affecting .
Sure , it 's just a crime thriller , yet a genre flick by Cronenberg is always a different sort of beast .
How like David Cronenberg -- the master of body horror as a path to the soul -- to begin his mesmerizing power-punch of a thriller with a hemorrhage .
Taut , smart and brutal , without a single extraneous moment , this is a breathtakingly powerful meditation on good , evil , and the complexity of modern societies .
Features strikingly good performances , as well as a realistic vision of London 's darker , wetter corners .


@highlight

David Cronenberg triumphs again , showcasing the Viggo Mortensen 's onscreen prowess in a daring performance . Bearing the trademarks of psychological drama and gritty violence , Eastern Promises is a very compelling crime story .