Often cast in high-energy , borderline manic roles , Bacon creates here a sad , lank-haired , introverted character who does n't fish for sympathy and , for that very reason , and against all odds , ends up winning it .
A really intelligent and amazing piece of real filmmaking ...
Debut director Nicole Kassell compassionately explores the troubled psyche of a former pedophile struggling with inner demons and external obstacles to lead a normal life .
A bold and poignantly told tale , nestling into its characters to draw out raw and candidly revealing performances .
-LRB- ... -RRB- Aún con su intensidad a medio camino , The Woodsman es un drama maduro , desafiante y revelador de lo que estamos dispuestos a tolerar y/o a perdonar -LRB- nos -RRB- los seres humanos .
deals with one disturbing phenomenon in an honest and humane way
There 's certainly a sensitivity and intelligence that went into this psychodrama .
Look past the seemingly unpleasant subject matter and you 'll be able to appreciate this insightful character study quite easily .
A lean and unapologetic piece about a type of person too often rendered in simplistic ` monster ' colors .
An uneasy , sometimes difficult film to watch - rare at the movies these days . But as a study in pedophilia , there is plenty to be said for the conversation it ignites .
... not full of uplift , but it has about it a kind of unholy truth , a worrying seed that is n't rinsed away in a triumphant final act .
It 's a brave choice for an actor , a masterful balancing act by Bacon that makes The Woodsman as insightful as it is disquieting .
Kevin Bacon makes you feel something unexpected : sympathy for a pedophile .
Bacon , who 's a tragically underrated actor , unpeels Walter in layers that are by turns creepy , fascinating , poignant and disturbing .
The Woodsman is a difficult movie to watch , but it 's one that can not be turned away from .
The Woodsman does not offer a pleasant night at the movies , but it does provide a thought-provoking experience .
This astonishingly accomplished first feature by director and co-writer Nicole Kassell , with an unnerving performance by Kevin Bacon , will haunt you for days .
As distasteful as the concept may be , it 's approached with surprising sensitivity and taste .
Unfolds in exactly the way you expect a sensitive Sundance indie to handle this distasteful subject matter ...
Kevin Bacon delivers a haunting performance in Nicole Kassell 's impressive feature-directorial debut `` The Woodsman . '' **
Kevin Bacon anchors the film with his deeply humane , but never sentimental performance
Gripping film .
-LSB- Ms. Kassell and Mr. Fechter -RSB- trick up Walter 's character with so many conflicting moods and impulses and then place him within a post-prison society that is itself alternately oppressive and permissive .
... un portrait délicat , balancé et honnête d'un pédophile .
A courageous and often moving drama .
An involving , intense but ultimately confused portrait .
A slightly better-made movie of the week .
A powerful , wrenching drama .
It 's insightful and powerful , but it 's not an easy film to watch .
To watch this picture is to feel , and what you 're feeling is an intense swirl of conflicting emotions -- disturbed , creeped-out , sorry , and , yes , even moved .
A flawed film that 's well worth seeing .
It is both difficult to watch and compelling .
Rewarding performances ... but Kassell hedges her bets . Not only does she ease Walter 's plight by pairing him with Sedgwick , so too are his crimes cut down to size .
Anybody in the mood for a downbeat drama anchored by a sturdy lead performance wo n't go wrong .
A sharp little movie that plunges into expressive pockets of silence , lets its actors speak with expressions as much as dialogue , and builds mood through vivid little images .
Turning theater into cinema is always a sticky business , but it 's a business The Woodsman knows well .
A lean drama anchored by subject matter which , although difficult , remains distantly disquieting yet never challenging .
The Woodsman is an earnest but ultimately flawed film that contains a terrific performance by one of Hollywood 's most underrated actors Kevin Bacon .
Deeply insightful , delicately nuanced and brilliantly acted .
Kassell , a first-time feature filmmaker , shows confidence and some lovely instincts .
There are some holes in the story fabric we can gaze through
A compelling drama that pulls back the curtain on a problem of epidemic proportions .
Bacon deservedly has received most of the attention here , but Sedgwick , who does n't work nearly enough , brings grit and hardscrabble realism to the role of a woman who has turned defiance into a protective shield .
Walter is n't particularly likable . But to the film 's credit , he becomes human .
The Woodsman meets its key plot challenges without flinching . Those of us in the audience may not be able to do the same
Kassell , aided by Bacon 's subtle and effective performance , succeeds in making Walter not only human but also sympathetic .
Whether you think society should toss offenders in jail and throw away the key , or that rehabilitation may be possible , see this film -- if only for Bacon 's stunning performance .
Bacon 's portrait chills to the bone .
It 's a tough movie with a fearless performance by Bacon -LRB- probably too uncompromising for an Oscar nomination -RRB- and brave filmgoers will be rewarded with a bracing experience .
Woodsman is an interesting look into a fractured , tormented mind , yet it falls below the truly enveloping , harrowing experience the film unfortunately only hints at .
A sometimes disturbing yet equally revealing film that examines the motivations of our worst societal outcasts and tries to make some sense of it all .
Intense , intelligent and superbly acted .
Bacon is fearless as a man who only wants to know , in his own words , when he will be normal .
If kudos were awarded solely on intent , The Woodsman would be deserving of every critical hosanna in existence .
This is a gutsy little film , intense and interestingly acted .
The Woodsman proves any topic , even pedophilia , can be tackled onscreen if handled as expertly as it is here .
Walter -LRB- Kevin Bacon -RRB- lives in a world perpetually gray .
Bacon taps into his character 's sickness and self-hatred with such intensity that he elicits something you would think impossible : sympathy .
This by turns unsettling and inspiring drama offers no easy answers , let alone identifiable heroes or villains .
Bacon is a strong and subtle actor , something that is often said but insufficiently appreciated . Here he employs all of his art .
If the trappings feel stilted , the performances keep the film on track .
Bacon 's performance , probably the best this underrated pro has delivered , is just about the only reason to see The Woodsman .
Revealing moments and Ms. Kassell 's solid direction redeem the film 's perfunctory script and deliver a film that will make you shiver and also make you think . This one will stay with you .
Bacon 's subtle , assured performance keeps us with him every step of the way .
It 's Bacon who overcomes all obstacles . This underrated actor , who never got the props he deserved for Mystic River , has found the role of his career .
This potentially shattering film becomes too comfortable and pat , lacking in menace .
Here 's a year-end `` for your award consideration '' release that does have a chance , at least in positioning Bacon for acting award kudos
There 's no question that Bacon has achieved something truly unique with this performance .
Kassell 's disciplined direction and sympathetic performances by Bacon and Sedgwick more than overcome the script 's didactic leanings .
Kevin Bacon 's superb performance alone is reason enough to recommend ` The Woodsman . ' It 's too bad that the film itself is n't as courageous as he is .
An understated drama simmering just underneath the surface with explosive emotions and occasionally breathless intensity .
This emotionally impactful film is at times tough to watch , and even more difficult to stop talking about .
Bacon 's Walter is a searing creation ... breaking through the The Woodsman 's well-behaved exterior to reveal something of the ... untrodden depths churning at its heart .
Its ninety minutes whiz past in a blur of conflicting emotions as time is spent digging fingernails into the arms of your chair .
Never comes alive as a story in itself -- not even when Bacon nearly lures a young girl onto his lap .
Bacon ... raises the film up a notch
... this film stands out in a season of mushy emoting , looking long and hard at the unthinkable , hardly blinking .
Tasteful but not compromised .
A lot of credit for the power of The Woodsman has to go to Bacon for bringing out the full range of Walter 's humanity , from his ugly impulses to his struggle to overcome them .
The power of The Woodsman is that it 's willing to point these men out -- and unwilling to either write them off as cardboard villains or excuse them as poor deprived victims .
Given its genuinely disturbing subject matter , The Woodsman is n't what you would call a crowd pleaser , but it 's definitely a work of art .
If you 're looking for a star of tomorrow , stop at Mos Def . The New York hip-hop artist gives a breakout performance as the morally indignant cop who keeps letting Walter know that he knows what he 's doing .
Gritty drama about a pedophile 's release from jail is rough , but has an iron-strong lead performance .
Nicole Kassell 's lean , disturbing first film stars Kevin Bacon as a child molester struggling to re-enter society after 12 years in prison .
Bacon , displaying the commitment essential to taking this part on , has a powerful hold on the role and refuses to let go .
If the key to such a film is making the man sympathetic while the crime remains unspeakable , Kassell , Bacon and co-writer Steven Fechter succeed triumphantly .
Offers a rare and uncommonly compassionate look at pedophilia , a psychological disorder most of us regard with horror and ignorance , and provides Kevin Bacon with the best role of his career .
The consistently fine performances smooth over the rough patches .
Bacon takes this largely silent film to grimly fascinating heights .
This is arguably the best performance in -LSB- Bacon 's -RSB- career .
An engrossing study of a protagonist who variously inspires pity , clinical interest , fondness , and revulsion -- sometimes all at once .
Raises a number of interesting and disturbing questions ... -LSB- but -RSB- takes artistic and intellectual missteps ... deserves some credit for its performances and provocation .
Though honest and well-intentioned , Woodsman is not shocking or disturbing , just a low-key melodrama about a child molester trying to adjust to a new life .
'' ... an uncompromising , character-driven story told with intelligence , restraint , and emotional clarity . ''
This is dark material , this is depressing , but it 's not depressing to see a film that in a very intelligent , thoughtful way examines difficult subjects .
Creepy , dubious tale of a loathsome convicted pedophile
Emotionally challenging and ferociously unforgiving , it is an astonishing work of surprising delicacy played out with the rawest of emotion simmering just beneath the surface
Very well directed for a debut , and it 's also packed full of great performances from the top to the bottom .
An honest screenplay and an unsentimental performance by Bacon .
So little is revealed about the hero than an end-shot move rings ominous and empty .
Overblown melodrama , as muddle-headed as it is palpably sincere .
Bacon wraps this buttoned-up guilty man in a paranoid daze of angry silence , as if even the most casual conversation about who he is could incriminate him .
The Woodsman is one of the best films of the year with its aim of testing the limits of our empathy and compassion .
A powerful drama about a disturbed mind seen from a relatively objective viewpoint .
Although The Woodsman 's subject matter is shocking and disturbing , perhaps the most unsettling quality is its matter-of-fact attitude
A chilling and compelling journey into a tormented mind , with an Oscar-caliber performance by Kevin Bacon .
It 's Bacon ... who ultimately gives Walter his humanity with a subtly textured performance .
A tense , psychological study that will have its audience silently praying that Walter will not revert to his old child molesting ways . -
Bacon delivers a startlingly edgy performance that bristles with controlled energy and subdued emotions .
This serious piece of work provides devoted performances and a carefully balanced drama aimed at weighing the subject 's distasteful realities .
Retreats , perhaps understandably , into the refuge of allegory .
A stunningly crafted work from first-time feature director Nicole Kassell .
Kevin Bacon turns in yet another solid performance , strengthening his case as the most underappreciated talent in movies
A character who is doomed from the start because of his own actions is difficult to support , and a film about him is bound to feel oppressively dark .
A stunning , difficult film .

















@highlight

Kevin Bacon 's performance as a pedophile who is trying to start fresh has drawn raves from critics , who have praised the Woodsman as compelling , creepy , complex and well-crafted .