It 's fascinating to see the world become an empty vessel , but all The Road pours back into it are hollow truisms .
It was n't fascinating at all . The movie looked like it cost $ 500 to make , excluding actors ' salaries , which were worth another $ 500 .
I 'm not asking for the end of the world to be a thrill-ride , but maybe it could have been less of a meretricious trudge .
Even with the brief cameos by Robert Duvall and Guy Pearce , The Road does n't meet expectations .
The Road is a murky harbinger of our future , but perhaps more urgently , a cautionary tale clearly reflecting our present .
A remarkable , haunting picture worth multiple viewings .
The Road is one of the year 's strongest dramas . But it 's no picnic , to say the least .
There 's about as much action as My Dinner With Andre .
The Road is a highly emotional , involving , palm-sweatingly tense movie that will scar you for life if you let it . Exhausting to watch but oddly exhilirating to experience , it 's a film you 'll watch once but will never forget .
Unpleasant post-apocalyptic drama .
Hillcoat does his best , and for the most part , he succeeds . The horrifically desolate landscape and the drab greys and cobalt blues of the scarred sky pervade every shot .
Una película agobiante , notablemente realizada y narrada . Tan dura y desoladora como el futuro posible que describe .
This is a tough road to follow
Without watering down Cormac McCarthy 's hangman prose , John Hillcoat 's adaptation transcended sad , gray apocalypse tropes to become an unexpectedly uplifting parable about faith , kindness and family at world 's end .
... only half as traumatic as the Cormac McCarthy novel on which it 's based - which of course means that it will still leave you a wreck .
Has an interesting thesis about morality and humanity , but lacks complexity in its approach .
`` The images are searing , but there 's little for Hillcoat to bat around besides endless agony . The Road is glacial and precise , but rarely offers the viewer something to chew on besides utter finality . ''
While identifying with characters in a bad situation is a movie must , drowning in their deep funk as much as they do , is a narrative no-no .
Shames most films with the audacity to consider themselves tearjerkers .
Um filme difícil e angustiante . -LRB- ... -RRB- Mas , talvez mais surpreendente , representa uma experiência profundamente tocante .
In a post-Apocalypse world in which you ca n't tell the difference between good guys and bad guys , it 's better to trust no one , and Man will do anything to protect Boy .
It 's just a slow wander through wreckage , waiting for bad stuff to get worse .
The dull gray monotony of existence never looked as uninviting as it does in this film .
When the world goes Boom ! I want Viggo Mortensen to be my dad . Who better to keep your spirits up in the hideous post-apocalyptic after life as pictured here ?
The Road is a haunting portrait of what it means to be a parent .
Avoiding all the pit falls of the bleak genre , The Road is captivating and in the end inspiring , and though not a film for everyone , a great film for any who enjoy thoughtful , artful cinema .
Anyone looking for either an adventure or an engrossing rumination on life after The End will find it tough to see beyond the film 's starkly rendered gloom .
A soulful and savagely beautiful meditation on the end of the world , Australian director John Hillcoat adapts Cormac McCarthy 's tale of despair and faith with great delicacy and care .
It calls on all of one 's powers of emotional endurance but it rewards the brave . It is relentless but beautiful , harrowing but tender .
It 's the end of the world as we know it and you wo n't feel fine , even though The Road is fine filmmaking .
It is at its best recasting the apocalypse as an inexorably personal experience , an element long lacking in this genre and one happily found here .
This expertly crafted `` road movie '' does provide , thanks to the director 's brave commitment to realism , a poetic and intentionally devastating emotional viewing experience .
A bleak , depressing odyssey you can firmly admire and marvel at , even as it rips your heart out .
Hillcoat wisely uses a low-key combination of location footage and CGIs to create a sad industrial wasteland that is more reminiscent of Tarkovsky 's Stalker than Mad Max .
This is a film of many layers and one that champions goodness and a warm heart
Considering it 's not so much what happens but how it happens , Hillcoat has made a dynamic film of great impact
The film is so beautiful . In this sort of stark , austere grim way it 's incredibly beautiful .
Despite the challenges of the book they have come up with a compelling film .
Hillcoat succeeds in creating his unflinching apocalypse , while quietly shepherding his film towards a faint , fading mirage of hope .
It 's a grind . Each weary , rainy step is agony . Around every corner is more desolation . More destruction . More misery . On it goes until The Road finally hits a dead end .
It 's one of that rare breed of remarkable films - like Mel Gibson 's Apocalypto - that , once you 've seen it , you would be quite happy never to see again . Then again , it 's so good you wo n't need to .
Fans of No Country For Old Men may find the film insufficiently quirky -LRB- do not expect humour , not even the darkest kind -RRB- , the decimated world created is wholly compelling and a submersive experience .
A horribly credible , chillingly beautiful and wholly uncompromising drama . It 's the end of the world , all right , but no one feels in the least bit fine .
Its high-minded , this-is-good-for-you equation of bleakness with brilliance works against it a little , serving up many of the same allegorical ideas as a George Romero film .
One of the most chillingly effective visions of the world 's end ever put on screen - and a heart-rending study of parenthood , to boot .
Hillcoat 's movie is a resounding triumph . Stunning landscape photography sets the melancholy mood , and Nick Cave 's wrenching score reinforces it . But it is the performances that ultimately hold the film together .
Haunting , harrowing yet profoundly enriching . The Road is the most powerful and moving post-apocalyptic film of the twenty-first century .
A Trojan-horse blockbuster that promises the wham bam of apocalypse while actually delivering the quiet pain of human intimacy , The Road might just be one of the most heartfelt end-of-the-world movies yet made .
It is an inexpressibly painful subject and Hillcoat has brought it to the screen with great intelligence .
This one-note exercise in neo-medieval moodiness eventually dissolves into that perennial and most corny of Hollywood tropes : the search for redemption . A disappointment .
Not merely bearable , but affirmative and life-enhancing .
The Road is n't flawless , it is n't quite the emotional masterpiece you want it to be , but it is both a worthy companion piece to the source material and , moreover , a dramatic slice of cinematic story telling in its own right .
Hillcoat 's raw and sparing approach is sympathetic to the novel . Even after it 's over , it continues to burn .
This is a superlative piece of film-making . Terse , raw and unadorned , there are no cheap tricks to devalue a story of unconditional love .
Isolation , desolation and the odd skirmish : this is Hillcoat 's apocalypse , not Hollywood 's , but it lacks McCarthy 's power .
Ultimately , this bracingly austere film falls a little short of the greatness of the book , but it 's still a terrifyingly effective warning that we squander the planet 's resources at our peril .
Drab , virtually plot-free and aridly pointless , this road does n't get anywhere .
What might be the feelbad film of the year makes an early but convincing claim to be the film of 2010 .
This is a powerful movie that at the end packs an emotional punch to leave you reeling .
We come out humming the film 's acting and production design , while wishing we could stop humming Nick Cave 's music , which pulls out all the stops marked `` Miserere mei -LRB- popcorn version -RRB- '' .
The Road offers an allegory of misery and dread that is crushing , not because it denies humanistic feeling but because it defies cinemagoing pleasure . You would have to be mad - or just morbidly depressed - to recommend it to anyone .
John Hillcoat 's impressive screen version is not without its flaws but it does capture the abject bleakness of McCarthy 's vision in a way that feels like the cold chill of winter invading your very bones .
An unforgettable love story , an absorbing road movie , a searing examination of people pushed to the very limits and an ultimately uplifting celebration of the human spirit .
Like Mad Max on Mogadon , the film is enraptured with its own depressiveness , coming on like the worst New Year hangover you 've ever had .
One of the best films this year -LRB- and last ! -RRB- . Bleak , painful , charged with emotion and philosophical questions about how far we have evolved from animals when our comforts are taken away . A must see .
A powerful , thought-provoking and frequently uncomfortable drama , but it 's also one of the best films of the year .
It 's almost-but-not-quite as good as the 2006 classic post-disaster film Children Of Men - and that 's good enough for me .
Mortenson 's haunting , evocative turn has already been touted for an Oscar , but stealing the show is Smit-McPhee with a remarkable and totally believable performance .
A long and winding , dark and depressing road but at the end strangely uplifting . The acting is excellent .
Ultimately I think this is just one of those instances where nothing put upon the screen can compare to the original written word that inspired it , McCarthy 's source material a masterpiece that 's quite possibly impossible to adapt .
Grueling Road Worth Traveling .
The Road ... literalizes but does n't flinch . It is brave in the dumb way brutes sometimes seem to be , as though it knows no alternative .
Instead of popcorn and soda , the concession stands ought to serve broken twigs and muddy water with this one .
An overall impressive adaptation that , while tough to recommend because of its oppressive mood , stays on the right path for the duration of its run .
Mortensen comes through with another haunting performance that mixes the cerebral with the physical .
The Road is a heavy load to bare for the casual movie fan . Unless of course , that movie fan likes drinking with the lights off , full-moon Russian Roulette or confuses the Sunday funnies with the obituaries .
A very fine film that somehow manages to attain only a fraction of the heart-rending power of its grim source .
Grim beyond belief and almost beyond endurance , ` The Road ' is one of the most depressing `` apocalypse '' movies ever made .
What was poetic and spare on the page has become monotonous and oppressive on the screen .
The concussive soundscape rumbles like thunder in the distance . And the film 's episodic terseness is the poetry of cataclysm , in a language that needs no translation .
Obviously , it 's not really a pleasant cinematic experience , despite the quality of its filmmaking and performances . It 's worthwhile for its character development and its examination of morality and survival behavior , though .
Like its protagonists , the movie is implacable and unyielding , and may very well break you down .
The muffled air , the rumbling tectonic murmurs , the groaning and incessant tree deaths , sounds of other humans , all these sounds sell the monochromatic but still stunning images of a completely dying world
The end of civilization in The Road is ugly and terrifying , but that makes the father and son 's hope and faith so much stronger .
Watching McCarthy 's story unfold is a lot like listening to a brooding musician hold down the lowest key on a piano for two unrelenting hours .
Filmed as if dictated by Jehovah but ultimately boasting only a fraction of the artistic value of , say , Terminator : Salvation
Hopelessly muddled narratively , with one foot trapped in a more conventional American Hollywood narrative , and the other rooted in a more esoteric European arthouse aesthetic .
For all the desperation and tragedy , then , the film offers a kind of heroism , set against a frankly grim but also frequently poetic backdrop .
This film is worth seeing for the performances from Mortensen and gifted adolescent actor Smit-McPhee .
The Road ends up being more gloomy than harrowing . That 's probably good for your constitution but not so much for your viewing experience .
A powerful and devastating adaptation of Cormac McCarthy 's novel .
One of the grimmest end-of-the-world movies in recent memory .
It 's a beautiful , harrowing story and a good film . I 'm just worried it 's not good enough considering its potential .
Hillcoat certainly provides the requisite seriousness , but what the movie lacks is an underlying sense of innocence , a sense that , however far humanity has sunk , there is at least some chance of rising again .
In attempting to realize McCarthy 's vision of the planet in chaos , Hillcoat delves so deeply into his source material that he loses sight of the audience .
` The Road ' is a courageous road picture and an unnerving dystopian epic , but with great moments of horror , love , and adventure .
It hits a few tinny , sentimental notes . Still , I admire the craft and conviction of this film , and I was impressed enough by the look and the performances to recommend that you see it .
What 's unnerving is that the end of the world was shot on location . Apparently , if you want to see doom , just go to New Orleans or Pittsburgh .
The Road prompts us to treat each other with kindness and to savor ` small graces . ' ... Can we carry the light and heat of grace when survival demands that we carry a loaded gun ? That is the question .
It 's fitting that The Road opens at Thanksgiving . It will thrill you , unsettle you , but mostly remind you that even in the darkest of times there is much to be thankful for .
Carved almost verbatim from Cormac McCarthy 's compelling novel , The Road is a depressing , gut-wrenching journey that is strangely uplifting at its core .
The visions of the Pulitzer Prize-winning book I read were precisely what I saw on screen .
In this haunting portrait of America as no country for old men or young , Hillcoat -- through the artistry of Mortensen and Smit-McPhee -- carries the fire of our shared humanity and lets it burn bright and true .
How could anything so bleak be so promising ?
You hang on to yourself for dear life , resisting belief as best you can in the face of powerful acting , persuasive filmmaking and the perversely compelling certainty that nothing will turn out all right .
Great junk like Resident Evil and passable schlock like 28 Weeks Later have more skill and integrity . Why would anyone want to make -- or watch -- this Hillcoat/McCarthy desolation except to feel fashionably cynical ?
A nerve-wracking and emotional experience ... as true to the book as it could have been without having narration the whole way through .
Movies like ' 2012 ' wreck the world in front of our eyes through long pageants of explosions . ` The Road , ' however , deals with cataclysmic ruin in a far different and much more compelling manner .
This is a dramatic , slow moving Mad Max with a kid along for the awful ride . It 's a survival tale , and The Road should be seen for those who want to keep carrying the fire .
Is the film too grim ? Or not grim enough ? In a perverse way , I fear it 's both .
By only allowing us a peek at the characters ' interior lives before we 're forced to move on down that eternal Road is to deny this fascinating piece its full power . An emotional highway robbery , if you will .
Alas , this Road is long and hard , but it leads nowhere .
I could watch my favorite stars gather supplies all day long .
A powerful film adapted from Cormac McCarthy 's powerful apocalyptic novel ... One of the most faithful translations of a novel to cinema that I 've ever seen .
The high-minded antithesis of 2012 ... The Road is mired in morning-after misery , set in a world where fear of a living hell is more reasonable than hope of heaven .
Mortensen and Smit-McPhee may deliver intense , often gut-wrenching performances , but their journey is too mysterious and soaked in one-note misery to keep you rapt .
Tedious , dull and anticlimactic despite decent performances and exquisite cinematography filled with bleak images . It 's ultimately an underwhelming experience that lacks emotional resonance .
Hillcoat 's noble effort ultimately falls under the category of things much better imagined than seen . Instead of The End of All That Is , this is , well , just a movie .
This year 's entry in the Movies You Admire and Respect but Do n't Ever Want to Watch Again Sweepstakes .
The most arresting aspect of The Road is just how fully the filmmakers have realized this bleak , blighted landscape of a modern society reduced to savagery .
Mortensen has proven to be one of the best actors in the business , and The Road is his masterpiece .
-LRB- T -RRB- hanks to Hillcoat 's reverence to the source material and his desire to visualize McCarthy 's mind 's eye Armageddon , we wind up with something so harsh it 's almost unbearable .
The Road possesses undeniable sweep and a grim kind of grandeur , but it ultimately plays like a zombie movie with literary pretensions .
I 'm not sure if The Road could ever have worked on the big screen , but I am sure that this version could be used to make that case .
Zombieland was the same movie with laughs , but if you take away the comedy , what is left ? Nothing , on a vast scale .
Cormac McCarthy 's Pulitzer Prize-winning , Oprah-endorsed , post-apocalyptic survivalist prose poem ... was a quick , lacerating read . John Hillcoat 's literal adaptation is , by contrast , a long , dull slog .
This adaptation of Cormac McCarthy 's 2006 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel is intense and , yes , depressing -- and earns every minute that it rattles inside your head .
Unless you 're far better at walling yourself off from identification than I am , you walk out in a state of untreated shock . Rather than thinking about the movie afterward , you wait for it to wear off .
The Road immerses us so completely in its world that it 's as if it is teaching us , as well as the characters , a new way to think .
It seems a strange thing to say about one of the most depressing films ever offered as popular entertainment , but The Road is a beautiful movie .
My , but it 's been a fine year for Armageddon .
Mortensen warms the film with his presence , creating a vivid portrait of a bereft man clinging to the one thing he has left .
There are still some things that magnificent prose can do that a movie , for all its stars and CGI , just ca n't . Director John Hillcoat 's movie is , however , an admirable attempt .
The Road -- centered by Mortensen 's typically physical but tempered performance -- is hard to watch . But it could have been much harder . Hillcoat is n't doing opera here , he 's doing tragedy .
It 'll leave you exhausted , emotionally spent and with much to ponder .
This is a willfully , skillfully crafted film with insufficient heart to the task it undertakes . It never fully connects us to love amid its ruins .
The Road , a tremulous heartbreaker onscreen , has successfully made the leap despite an unthinkable amount of fidelity .
Hillcoat gives -LSB- the postapocalypse -RSB- an unnerving solidity by focusing on the drab details of survival and linking them to the more hellish aspects of modern American life .
The film has pacing issues but it should win an award for casting a brilliant young actor -LRB- Smit-McPhee -RRB- to carry this heavy drama . He steals the film .
Vividly atmospheric direction and performances that are packed with raw honesty .
Haunting , ominous and evocative , it 's a cautionary , cryptic allegory about the indominable hope for survival , even in the face of unfathomable horror .
Hillcoat 's rendering of McCarthy 's words ca n't be faulted for its visual replication of the author 's grim picture of mankind 's final days .
The Road can be a tough slog , but the journey is a rewarding one .
Breathtaking in the totality of its harrowing vision , The Road is an unflinching contemplation on the astonishing duality of the human animal .
-LSB- T -RSB- ruly great in the classical sense of the word , as grand as our most terrible fears and as wild as our most outlandish hopes and as intimate as being alive can be .
The Road is effective -- and interesting as a comparison for those who loved the book .
It 's never clear why the movie needed to be made , unless Hillcoat wanted to show that he could compete with Bela Tarr 's 7 1/2 hour Satantango by having just as many endless shots of downtrodden people walking down a dirt road .
It 's a grueling experience that still allows for the viewer to survive with a self-centering hope . This is no Disney amusement ride .
So intent on finding the shortest route to the essence of the book that it never discovers its own soul .
Parental Content Review
It was unforgettable on the page , and it impresses equally , or at least it does so remarkably often , on screen .
What we 've been given is no more than a reasonable facsimile , an honorable attempt at filming an unfilmable book .
John Milton described hell as `` darkness visible . '' That is the grim , mesmerizing world that director John Hillcoat creates here .
While the film is not as resonant as the novel , it is an honorable adaptation , capturing the essence of the bond between father and son .
There is a small twinkle of hope in the end but getting there is tough , relentless going .
The ending rings false ; and the overbearingly sentimental music ca n't compensate for the lack of even harsh lyricism .
Wrenching , elegiac , but ultimately inspiring , this is a film that knows how to hold onto its own fire .
... what remains of ` The Road ' is an honorable failure , given there was never any real hope of translating McCarthy 's style-driven novel into film .
an interior novel that has been rendered on the screen with post apocalyptic drear and actors trying their damndest , but Hillcoat 's episodic tale only strikes a real emotional chord once .
A post-apocalyptic tale that is nothing more than an ad for patriarchy and dualistic thinking .
The picture glimpses what it might really be like if the earth went to hell . As shattering as the sights are , turning away is out of the question .
In adapting this harsh , unyielding book for the screen , Hillcoat and screenwriter Joe Penhall pull their punches the slightest degree and thus too much .
Hillcoat gives the film a remarkably evocative backdrop , but the drama lacks depth and dimension , and the scenes tend to blur together .
The Road has the signposts of an important film , but it lacks the diversions of an inviting trip .
When the most moving line in a movie is `` Do you eat people ? '' you know you 're in for a tough time .
I can not think of another film this year that has stayed with me , its images of dread and fear -- and yes , perhaps hope -- kicking around like such a terrible dream .
The Road , for all its vivid desolation , remains a curiously unmoving experience .
delicate and indefinable , with only a thin reed of a story .
Viggo Mortensen plays `` The Man '' -LRB- in the anonymous , Everyman sense , not in the `` Stick it to the ... '' blaxploitation sense -RRB- . Charlize Theron is `` Wife . '' Kodi Smit-McPhee is `` The Boy . '' And I 'm The Audience , and I 'm annoyed .
For those who found the Coen Brothers ' adaptation of Cormac McCarthy 's No Country for Old Men too lighthearted , John Hillcoat 's relentlessly faithful version of the author 's post-apocalyptic Pulitzer-winning novel might hit the spot .
Already , Hillcoat 's film has divided critics on the international festival circuit . The one constant is the praise , rightly so , for Mortensen .
one of the most riveting , emotionally draining , and strangely beautiful films of the decade .
Oppressively , but appropriately , bleak adaptation of Cormac McCarthy 's end-of-the-world novel about a father and son wandering a post-apocalyptic landscape . Points for strong performances from the two leads and the film 's unyielding view of the end of day
Like McCarthy 's book , The Road is dark , bleak and nightmarish but also stirring and beautiful and optimistic : As long as life remains , the movie argues , there is always hope .
A grim , tedious slog that goes nowhere emotionally -LSB- and -RSB- never manages to be either viscerally affecting or intellectually insightful .
A film that takes a bleak , harrowing story and makes it tender and compelling ... deserves to be in the Oscar hunt for the shattering performance by its star , Viggo Mortensen .
The apocalypse probably wo n't have a soundtrack , yet there 's a pesky score during every heavy-handed emotional moment .
Let 's be honest : go to see this apocalyptic drama , you 're not going for a good time . This desperate and determined story of survival is n't the super effected tilt-a-whirl of , say , the hugely popular disaster epic , 2012 .
A heartbreaking and powerful adaptation of Cormac McCarthy 's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel .
The movie The Road is nowhere close to its literary sire , but it 's probably the best one could hope for from a movie version .
Emotionally affecting enough to please fans and the uninitiated alike , even if it falls short of its source material 's profound beauty .
Adapting a masterpiece such as The Road is a thankless task , but the film does n't work on its own merits .
`` The Road '' is like the proverbial tree that falls in the forest when no human or animal is around . Whether or not it makes a sound is a moot point .
A cinematic adaptation at once faithful and superior to its source material .
Hillcoat has a way of undermining the earthy performances of his cast with overly refined images and obtrusive music .
One of the most important and moving films to come along in a long time .
Hillcoat took it as far as he dared and created a beautiful suffering ; a film that somehow manages to be both unwatchable and unmissable at the same time .
This relentlessly grim drama , which is tougher and more challenging than No Country for Old Men , deserves to be seen for the performance of Viggo Mortensen , who carries the film on his solid shoulders .
Evocative as it is , The Road comes up short , not because it 's bleak but because it 's monotonous , and because McCarthy 's vision is finally as inflexible as his patriarchal hero 's .
Despite the carps , a receptiveness to this material will pay off in tension and suspense , pushing you off The Road in a state of emotional exhaustion .
And unlike the better-than-the-book No Country for Old Men , it 's only as good as the book . I guess I 'm saying there 's enough blame to go around .
Overall , THE ROAD is a horror movie in the truest sense -- it is about the horror of humanity , the horror of our legacy , the horror of what we might become .
When a movie is bleak and depressing , it had better be damned good . The Road is damned bad .
For all of its bleak content , the final equation proves surprisingly optimistic .
You wo n't find anything entertaining in The Road but maybe you 'll find something else .
pure , stripped-down bleakness , both in the desaturated drabness of its appearance and in the last-days essentialism of its themes .
The Road evokes the images and the characters of Cormac McCarthy 's novel . It is powerful , but for me lacks the same core of emotional feeling . I 'm not sure this is any fault of the filmmakers .
Partly horror , partly sci-fi , mostly a family-bonding drama with stellar acting and patient action .
It 's hard not to divine that The Road will be receiving near universal acclaim and a truckload of Oscar noms .
Based on Cormac McCarthy 's Pulitzer Prize-winning bestseller , The Road primarily transpires within a bleak , post-apocalyptic United States that 's been decimated by an unnamed catastrophe -- with the bulk of the narrative following a father -LRB- Viggo Mortense
Really pulls you in and sticks with you ... an incredibly strong piece of dramatic storytelling .
John Hillcoat 's faithful , near-perfect adaptation beautifully captures McCarthy 's synthesis of all-encompassing darkness and enduring hope .
Viggo Mortensen gives the performance of his career in the faithfully rendered film adaptation of Cormac McCarthy 's heartbreaking apocalyptic novel The Road .
A journey worth taking .
Very moving .
The two principals are superb , and the direction is resonant in its very restraint .
Fortunately , the rumourmongers were wrong -- Hillcoat 's vision is forthright and brutal .
Director John Hillcoat has performed an admirable job of bringing Cormac McCarthy 's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel to the screen as an intact and haunting tale , even at the cost of sacrificing color , big scenes and standard Hollywood imagery .
There is so much in this picture , from dread , horror , to suspense , bitterly moving love , extraordinary , Oscar-worthy art direction and a desperate lead performance from Viggo Mortensen which perfectly illustrates the ... desperation of parental love .
Except for the physical aspects of this bleak odyssey by a father and son through a post-apocalyptic landscape , this long-delayed production falls dispiritingly short on every front .

@highlight

The Road 's commitment to Cormac McCarthy 's dark vision may prove too unyielding for some , but the film benefits from hauntingly powerful performances from Viggo Mortensen and Kodi McPhee .