A heart-warming examination of communication and movie magic .
Autism is often misunderstood , and through this intimate storytelling , we are given an insider 's view from the parents ,
The documentary packs a wallop of compassion and intelligence .
Life , Animated tells the extraordinary tale of Owen Suskind who found that through classic animated Disney films like The Lion King and The Jungle Book , he could develop communication skills to make sense of the world .
Those who do n't know what the autistic spectrum is , may have a biased but self-explanatory view . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It is an intimate tale of triumphs and setbacks , but also a story of tremendous consequence .
A film that makes you want to stand up and cheer at the ending , much more than the routinely `` inspirational '' films shown in Multiplexes .
There is life after Disney
Did I cry during Life , Animated ? You bet I did . But that is because it is about a young man overcoming the shackles of disease through the power of art , not because it 's any good .
Editor David Teague skilfully places original animated inserts and favourite movie scenes to allow us a brief glimpse into Owen 's wonderful Disneyfied psyche .
Life , Animated , directed by Roger Ross Williams , is a touching documentary about autism .
Like The Wolfpack , Life , Animated gives us an unexpected story of how cinema -LRB- in both cases via VHS tapes -RRB- can provide solace and meaning in extraordinary circumstances .
The hero 's journey of a young autistic man who has found personal expression and meaning through Disney animated movies .
This informative , very affecting film is excellent on both the perspective of those with autism and those who love them .
This documentary , through expressive sound design , appealing animation and Owen 's observations , gives real insight into the mind of an autistic person .
A wonderful example of the power of cinema and humanity .
Particularly vivid and endearing .
The film offers a fascinating testament to the power and limitations of movies as tools for understanding and communicating with the world around us .
Director Roger Ross Williams 's immensely rewarding documentary tells the story of the Suskind family and shows how love , sensitive parenting and watching tons of kids ' movies can save a life .
Life , Animated tells an irresistible true story of a triumph against all the odds .
If Owen Suskind , its autistic subject , were a fictional character , we 'd probably rebel against the heart-tugging arc of empowerment prescribed for him . We might even scoff .
Life , Animated is a feel-good documentary about autism , Disney movies and the stranglehold childhood has on adults .
The film 's effects are maybe a little directly sentimental , but this is a tremendous true story of family love .
Life Animated , is a heart-warming , honest and thoughtful film about how a family made magic out of adversity .
A touch twee at times , but the use of classic and original animation is admirable , while Owen emerges as the king of sidekicks .
You wo n't find many documentaries more heart-warming than Roger Ross Williams ' Life , Animated .
Moving documentary takes a positive look at someone dealing with autism through his obsession with Disney animated movies .
It is an irresistible human story of a triumph against all the odds .
A terrifically watchable , heartfelt documentary .
The clips are a delight , as are the cameos from two of Aladdin 's voice actors . Best of all , though , is the mini-animation fashioned out of Suskind 's Walt-inspired scribblings .
This documentary film tells the amazing story of how Disney animated films enabled a family to make connections with their autistic son and greatly improve his ability to function in society .
This is not about once upon a times or fairy tale endings but the challenges on the way and it stands as a testament to the love and determination of every member of the Suskind family .
While there 's plenty of emotion to be felt here , Williams does n't trust the audience to feel it on their own .
Remarkable documentary chronicling the life of an autistic boy who finds his voice through the mimicry of Disney animated films .
Truth is indeed stranger and sometimes more beautiful than fiction .
This is an important documentary about a developmental disability that affects so many people .
The humanity on display is n't grandiose , it is n't cloying , it just is .
A beautiful little documentary with a big , life-affirming story to tell .
A great affirmation about a real-life lost boy who found his way into the wider world through his love for Disney 's animated canon .
Understanding Owen 's life certainly will add meaning to ours .
The poignancy of `` Life , Animated '' comes from the quieter victories Owen achieves - getting that job at the movie theater , baking cookies in his apartment , learning to live with heartbreak . It turns out ordinary life can be a Magic Kingdom too .
An affecting portrayal of human perseverance and the sometimes unexpected power of movies .
Williams enjoyed remarkable access to the Suskind household , and his incorporation of home movies from Owen 's childhood help bring the story to life , as do original animations Mac Guff .
These stories become Owen 's way to express himself , in spite of his disability , and add a dimension to Life , Animated that a less inspired documentary would miss .
`` Life , Animated '' does n't try to give a cure-all to autism . It shows how one family approached the complex puzzle with the help of Simba , Sebastian and Lumiere .
Warmhearted without being mawkish ... The uplifting effect of ` Life , Animated ' is pretty much irresistible .
Regardless of whether this is a one-off neurological miracle or a new technique to help autistics connect , Life , Animated tells a fascinating story with an upbeat ending . And it does n't even need an animated villain .
It manages to be heartwarming and heartbreaking all at once .
There are moments of joy , revelation , connection , sadness and hope , and the film is very , very moving .
Director Roger Ross Williams ' storytelling skills are at their finest in an engaging story suffused throughout with emotion that never descends into mawkishness .
I sobbed -- so much -- watching this movie .
Life , Animated is a moving testament to the power of film .
It 's hard to hate Disney while watching Owen communicate flawlessly through memorized movie lines as cartoons play onscreen , presenting an intimate picture of life according to Owen .
A deeply moving , highly inspirational dive into the vastly under-served subject of autism .
Visually rich with animation taken from Owen 's artwork and writing , `` Life , Animated '' is a cinematic treasure that will go far in demystifying what autism means for those searching for answers .
The ultimate pinnacle of `` Life , Animated '' comes when Owen gives a brilliant speech at a conference on autism in France . If this does n't move you , you can not have a heart .
Roger Ross Williams should make room on his mantle for another statuette .
Tremendously moving .
Remarkable doc account of functioning autistic man , whose childhood passion for Disney animated films was his and his family 's salvation .
A warm portrait of a family navigating a profound challenge .
This is an intelligent and understated film that nicely presents one very particular life experience that will , in its own way , inspire the viewer .
A vivid and warmhearted portrait of coming-of-age , differently .
As time passes , more people are understanding autism . And `` Life , Animated '' is definitely part of the solution .
Though Owen 's achievements are extraordinary , the film demonstrates that there are things Disney cartoons ca n't teach : full self-sufficiency and satisfying adult sexual relationships .
An emotionally powerful docudrama which shows an unexpected connectedness to Disney .
The human story told in the documentary Life , Animated has ample inspirational value but on the other hand there 's something deeply uncomfortable about the whole enterprise .
I had to fight off skepticism about Life , Animated - it feels a little tidy . But maybe there is something to be gained from identifying with a character onscreen if you have immense difficulty navigating the world .
What the film is ultimately about is the extent to which love and caring can help turn a life around for a person deemed beyond reach .
Tells Owen 's story in a way that lets us see through his eyes the way that `` Peter Pan '' and `` Aladdin '' let him see through ours .
`` Life , Animated '' makes fascinating points , about the power of cinema , about meeting our loved ones where they are and , as Ron says , about who gets to decide what constitutes a meaningful life .
Life , Animated does n't aim for `` awareness '' so much as a more honest , comprehensive understanding of autism as a shifting thing particular to each person affected . It 's a warmly empathetic documentary .
We leave Owen with a part time job taking tickets at a Regal Cinema . Will the theater 's multiple screens broaden his perspective ? That , too remains unanswered .
Owen has made immense progress , to which `` Life , Animated '' is a stirring tribute , yet it leaves a trail of questions unanswered or unasked .
It 's the best Disney movie that Disney did n't make .
-LSB- Speaks -RSB- to the power of cinema , and art in general , as a tool of communication and expression and connection , in this case directly saving a boy 's life .
Unforgettable doc about autism , communication , Disney .
On one level , the film becomes a celebration of a film buff that would appeal to other cinephiles .
There 's a lot here about how pop culture impacts us , but even more about how adversity can bring out our very best .
`` Life , Animated '' is powerful and emotional , without being manipulative . It is deeply inspiring , without trying to be .
Any parent who 's ever worried about a child - which means , basically , any parent - will feel a sort of relief , and a bit of pride , watching Owen on a date , interviewing for a job , decorating his first apartment .
A young autistic man connects to the world through Disney animated movies . Instead of false hope , this truly inspirational film offers up possibility , the chance of a stimulus that might get past the blocks of developmental disorder .
An absorbing and ultimately exhilarating documentary .
A tender , rich , wonderfully told chronicle of its subject and a celebration of his spirit .
The Suskinds ' humongous hearts are obviously in the right place and their openness is to be admired and encouraged-even if a book , more than a movie , remains the better venue to fairly and honestly tell Owen 's extraordinary story .
Mr. Williams 's decision to prioritize his subject 's point of view feels frustratingly restrictive . Belaboring the cartoon connection , the director leaves the family struggles that enrich Mr. Suskind 's 2014 book of the same title stubbornly veiled .
A fascinating , intimate portrait of Owen Suskind , an engaging young man who will shatter your preconceptions about the aloofness of the autistic .
Emotional honesty ... is `` Life , Animated 's '' greatest strength .
If you believe in magic , Life , Animated is the potion for you .
A deeply felt documentary ...
All of this is rather straightforward and polished , but some of the film 's most affecting moments come through animations designed by artist Mac Guff .
The film is tender and patient , as fascinated by the challenges of daily life as it is by the dramatic medical mystery at its heart .
It 's hard to nitpick too much , given how insightful and emotional so much of this documentary is .
It never addresses Disney 's wholly manufactured stranglehold on turning adolescent desire into a consumerist impulse .
It 's a rich and emotional story , warm and kind and often overwhelming .
Unfortunately , Roger Ross Williams 's documentary about Owen and his family underuses the inherent dramatic potential of the story . Life , Animated , while not short on feeling , lacks confidence .
Life , Animated , like Owen , is optimistic and should provide a measure of comfort for the many families affected by a complex disorder .
Roger Ross Williams ' captivating documentary explores a young autistic man 's growth and progress through his obsession with Disney animated movies .
Disney 's role in the lives of children around the world is indisputable , but the company would be hard-pressed to find a better example to be proud of than the autistic subject of Life , Animated .
A beguiling mix of animated storytelling and narration that does n't flinch from exploring the emotional highs and lows that accompany a life with autism .
-LSB- Sundance 2016 -RSB- `` Life , Animated '' is joyous and touching in equal measure , a documentary about a young autistic man , Owen Suskind , whose love of Disney movies held the key to a life-changing communication breakthrough .

@highlight

Life , Animated offers a heartwarming look at one family 's journey , and a fascinating message that 's more than enough to outweigh its unanswered questions .