Strong rehab story for mature high schoolers .
28 Days contains Sandra Bullock 's best performance ... it 's just too bad the film itself is n't up there with her .
An off-kilter collection of shallowly observational postcards from the edge ... -LSB- that 's -RSB- more a laundry list of emotional checkpoints than a sustained , compelling narrative .
An underrated actress , Bullock capably fulfills the demands of her role as a pill-popping drunk . But the story never allows Bullock to escape the comfort zone of a romantic comedy .
An out-of-control young woman who is in denial is forced to finally confront her multiple addictions .
Plays it pretty safe for the most part , but it does give you a hint of what goes on in the real world .
28 Days possesses all the depth and insight of a made-for-TV movie .
Bullock brings a kind of ground-level vulnerability to 28 Days that does n't make her into a victim but simply into one more suitable case for treatment .
28 Days is a reminder of why Bullock became a movie star in the first place
Slight , frothy and quasi-meaningful -- a ` lite ' movie if ever there was one .
Sure , alcoholism and comedy are as hard to mix correctly as a dry martini , but director Thomas ca n't seem to overcome this script , which could have used some rehab itself .
Not entirely original , but Bullock is charming and the supporting ensemble cast is solid in this rehab drama .
Bullock gives it her all ; she 's bristling and alive on screen in a way that she has n't been since Speed .
The saddest part about 28 Days is it 's more fun when it 's drunk .
It 's self-revealing , self-serving and just plain sitcom-like .
The film certainly comes off as mostly effortless to watch , but ultimately does n't turn into anything stirring , emotionally involving or special .
Bullock downplays her trademark mannerisms and allows her character to take precedence .
Thomas 's fleet-footed approach suggests the anxious embarrassment of a director in an awful hurry to get it over with .
The film lacks emotional resonance .
Mostly , though , this is a cookie-cutter drama .
Eminently likable Sandra Bullock has lately shown a bizarre knack for choosing hard-to-like movies . 28 Days continues her unenviable streak .
Many of these 28 days are as pat and superficial as anything in a routine TV movie , making a frustratingly uneven film .
28 Days is a cutesy , heavy-handed morality tale that contains nary a believable moment .
Sandra Bullock 's best film in years -- perhaps even the best work she has ever done .
Gwen lands in Serenity Glen , where recovering addicts sing `` Happy Trails To You '' in between participating in the cutest group therapy sessions you 've ever seen . This might be where the Care Bears go for help if they fall off the wagon .
Glibness takes over all too often .
28 Days tries hard to be funny . Occasionally it is . But mostly it seems forced , pat and didactic .
With a script by Susannah Grant written as if in bumper stickers , fortune cookies and Oprah transcripts , 28 Days is the kitchen-sink rehab flick .
28 Days may be fluff , but it 's good fluff : effortless , amusing and almost touching .
Betty Thomas ' amiable little rehab romantic dramedy 28 Days may aspire to be more , but it 's clearly another member of this disingenuous movie family .
A surprisingly emotional and funny picture .
Un mensaje que por momentos quiere ser profundo y reflexivo pero que , desafortunadamente , se queda en el intento
None of the characters are particularly engaging , not even Bullock .
28 Days may be escapism masquerading as infotainment , but as the former , it does its job well .
We are a long way here from One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest .
Sandra Bullock gives her best performance yet in 28 Days .
It 's not bad , but it 's not very good , either .
28 Days is too glib too often to make much of an impression any way you look at it .
The result is a hard-knocks movie whose edges are smoothed away to please an addiction to happy endings .
With Sandra Bullock in the lead , writer Susannah Grant -LRB- Erin Brockovich -RRB- spinning the tale , and director Betty Thomas calling the shots , it 's a reliably solid treat .
This is a movie afraid of its own shadows .
28 Days starts out on the wrong foot by attempting to milk far too many laughs from Gwen 's sloppy-drunk behavior .
Its effort to be both a rollicking farce and a dark drama of alcoholism doom it to a certain failure from the get-go .
On balance , it 's as bland and predictable as a domestic draft beer .
Bullock also covers herself with gratuitous comedy and predictable drama to prevent audiences from seeing the naked truth of addiction .
Sandra Bullock can be sweet-plus , with a deeply human appeal , but her acting is n't deep .
The message is one that will be easy to sell to audiences looking for a reason to cheer . As a story about real people , however , it is a fraud .
Funny , thought-provoking and , yes , touching .
We 've seen it before and better .
It 's going to take more than 28 Days to jump-start Sandra Bullock 's stalled career .
The story and character arcs are pure Screenwriting 101 , and every time something unexpected seems poised to happen , the script reaches out , grabs it and pulls it back in line .
A failure of form , style , content , detail , humor and emotion , the film betrays the people it hopes to portray -- workaday folks struggling to overcome addictions and start their lives anew .
28 Days is n't good enough or smart enough . But , doggone it , people just might like it .
28 Days tries too hard to be all things to all people .
If I have n't said much about what actually happens in 28 Days it 's because , trust me , you know what happens .
one of the most accurate movies about alcoholism and drug addiction I can remember
May be a so-called ` feel-good ' comedy-drama , but it is rarely funny , and its emotions neglect to exude much tangible feeling .
AA Lite .


























@highlight

Even though 28 Days is tackling a difficult subject , it comes off light and superficial , and maybe even a little preachy .