It 's a pity that the film is such a miserable slog to start off , because the second that it arrives on Skull Island , it suddenly explodes into life .
It clocks in at over three hours , but Peter Jackson 's remake of the 1933 classic is gripping nonetheless .
As it is a remake , it does n't have the shock Lord Of The Rings possessed upon its release , but this is a beautiful beast of a B-movie , thrilling and touching .
The movie is a good cautionary example of what happens when its maker is too close to the material , who ca n't see the forest for the trees , the story for the ape .
Fails to match the simple , handmade artistry of the original
A solid action film and okay remake .
Peter Jackson 's remake of the 1933 classic is a loving homage that recreates and updates many of the familiar sequences ... Unfortunately , the recreation leaves one wondering what , exactly , the point of the film is , other than indulging the director ...
Every now and then , an undertaking like Kong comes around , and it underscores the truly extraordinary accomplishment of directing a film .
It takes a while to get everybody to Skull Island , about 70 minutes , but it 's time extremely well-spent .
Kong is not without its flaws , but sometimes you just have to throw your hands up in the air , wave them like you just do n't care , scream at the top of your lungs and just go with the rollercoaster ride , that 's what this film is .
Overlong by half , hedonistically animated and decadently self-indulgent King Kong is beastly to be sure , but there is little beauty here .
A bit more time in the editing room could 've lifted it into great blockbuster territory . instead we 've got a sporadically entertaining escapade that never captures our hearts like it so desperately wants too .
Kong is a showy , state-of-the-art popcorn movie , faithful to the spirit of the 1933 original but generously adrenalized with the best effects money can buy .
I wish Jackson would shake off his addiction to gigantism , his apparent need to punch everything up three times as much as it needs to be .
Mr. Jackson not only improves on the original , he somehow seems to create the film that King Kong was always meant to be .
funny , frightening , romantic , nostalgic , moving and grimly fatalistic , it races along , like its central character , with a speed and grace that utterly belies its great size .
A phenomenal popcorn movie that eclipses the original in several respects , but inevitably owes a huge debt to the powerful imagery and innovation of the 1930s landmark .
This lackluster cure for insomnia might have been more palatable without so many distracting digressions and pared down to a manageable ninety minutes or so . Zzzz ... Zzzz ... Zzzz ...
Despite admirable chest thumping and Watts ' wonderfully enhanced scream , there is still only one true king .
Naomi Watts distinguishes herself in a luminous , star-making turn as Ann -- warm , funny , charismatic , and far more than you 'd expect from the damsel in distress .
Jackson puts his passion for epics to good use and creates film magic
As for Kong himself , although the computer has played a large part in his creation , he could never be considered as anything less than real .
For the most part , a chest-beating , banana-eating riot .
Remake que supera en muchas cosas al original y que demuestra el talento y la magia para contar historias de uno de los genios contemporáneos del cine .
Everything about director Peter Jackson 's King Kong update is bigger than the 1933 original . That 's too say , the film is longer , more technically elaborate and -- by today 's standards -- more exciting than the original film .
What could have been Jackson 's folly is a triumph , the kind of romantic action spectacle that makes the big screen silver and provides box-office gold . Puts the prime in primate .
Despite uncessary padding and languid pacing , King Kong is a visually gorgeous spectacle that deserves to be seen on the big screen
King Kong is a colossal creature feature !
This is a splendid matinee show and also easily the best blockbuster flick of 2005 .
Along with James Cameron and Steven Spielberg , Peter Jackson is one of a select few Hollywood filmmakers who truly understands how to marry spectacle and emotion .
On the upside , however , that first hour is followed by a two-hour roller coaster ride that climaxes with a breathtaking finale atop the Empire State Building in New York City .
.
King Kong sets a new standard for action movies , and maybe for movie romances , too . You feel almost privileged to be in the presence of such an awesomely accomplished and exhilarating picture .
Why make a King Kongfilm now ? Since it has been recycled several times , trotting out a new version exposes the story to how it still uses black and white tropes .
King Kong is dang long .
It was an overabundance of enthusiasm that killed the story .
The only slipup is a forgivable one . Jackson continues to be reluctant to leave a world he has so magnificently created . At a little over three hours , King Kong is a bit of a bum-number .
Again , Jackson proves himself an unbeatable showman with the soul of a poet . He crafts and composes his action sequences like symphonies , with the most eye-popping crescendos .
Christmas came early this year in `` King Kong . ''
The first hour is a bore but a necessary gift to Watts . Each remaining frame is awesome though I could have done without Beauty 's version of a simian lap dance .
Potent stuff .
Jackson 's King Kong is a throwback film , depending on you to approach it with a sort of wide-eyed innocence you might 've forgotten you had . It 's loud and unbelievable . It 's supposed to be . There are n't any 25-foot-tall gorillas in this world
Three hours of magnificent escapist entertainment .
I watched the last hour of the film with a knot in my stomach , the result of a combination of the love story and the brilliant special effects .
Too much of not enough .
... -LSB- Peter -RSB- Jackson knows what it takes to make an exciting film .
King Kong ushers in a subtext -- via a path of spectacular , epic adventure -- that we should preserve endangered species at all costs .
The best thing about Peter Jackson 's King Kong may be that his attachment to the project likely kept anybody else from getting the job .
Peter Jackson ... overindulges his childlike wonder , and the result is a monster movie on steroids .
Jackson 's ape is so fully realized as a specific ` realistic ' character that he lacks the metaphorical resonance of the 1933 Kong , who seemed a creature captured from a nightmare rather than from nature .
Take out much of the middle hour , with all its digital clutter and `` Smackdown '' - style card of creature villains , and what is majestic entertainment could 've been an all-time great .
... a technical achievement that lacks the soul of something really good .
Spectacle filmmaking at it 's peak .
Fancy outweighs the ferocious , but the film 's also brazen enough to be unmissable .
Lost is the Depression era fear of exploitation and now it is only beauty to fear .
Jackson peca de la misma megalomanía que estiró y arruinó parcialmente los últimos 45 minutos de El Regreso del Rey -LRB- ... -RRB-
Em meio a tanta ação , Jackson consegue criar uma história de amor verossímil entre um gorila de 8 metros e uma frágil loira . Não dá pra exigir mais do que isso , não é mesmo ?
An action adventure with heart . It 's the kind of movie experience you want to see on the big screen .
For all the technical wizardry on display in director Peter Jackson 's King Kong , there are overtones of insecurity here and there .
Jackson 's Kong is as much homage as remake -- and that may well be its strength and its weakness in one package
Peter Jackson , Naomi Watts and Andy Serkis are the triple threat that makes this the best ` Kong ' yet
Digno de ser llamado , la Octava Maravilla del mundo .
Does it improve on its landmark predecessor ? Of course not . But on its own terms , this new interpretation gets the job done in often spectacular fashion .
A nearly seamless blend of cutting edge technology with much of the original 's sensibility - Jackson 's giant ape may be a special effect , but he is also a real character .
Excess has never felt so spectacular ... but there 's nothing here a good editor could n't have improved -LRB- had he been allowed to -RRB- .
The greatest charm of the new ` King Kong ' comes when Ann Darrow -LRB- Naomi Watts -RRB- bonds with her 20-foot primate boyfriend .
This ` Kong ' is not better than the superb original , but it is just as good .
Peter Jackson delivers an update possessing raw power and a pure heart .
Peter Jackson has done the impossible and followed up with Ring trilogy with an equally entertaining flick .
Every scene in the new ` King Kong ' strains to be the biggest , most pulverizing , in-your-face spectacle that you 've ever experienced .
Warning . Flashback and long personal reminiscence ahead .
King Kong has its trivial share of shortcomings . Nevertheless , a generously solid escapist piece of entertainment filled with wonderment and calculating verve .
Jackson has proven that he can out-Spielberg Spielberg when it comes to over-the-top action , but anytime the fur is n't flying , he really needs an editor . No , I mean really .
Kong whips Naomi about with enough fury to induce whiplash . Said Brody : `` I 've heard of shaken baby syndrome , but this baby 's head is about to fly off like a pebble in a slingshot ! ''
The interplay between Watts ' melancholy blond and the great ape is almost too real to be believed . It 's touching and heartfelt in a way even modernistic , non-effects-driven films ca n't manage .
With King Kong -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , Jackson has made a film that if you do n't like it , you might just hate movies .
Peter Jackson 's King Kong provides a good , stirring , heroic-sized motion-picture event , without ever quite moving one the way his Lord of the Rings epics did .
With a superb cast , terrific special effects and stunning action sequences , this is one of the best films of the year - thrilling , awe-inspiring and genuinely moving .
King Kong is spectacular but spectacularly flawed , filled with several awe inspiring moments but ultimately undone by a director who is so in love with his subject that he is too blind to see when enough is enough .
For pure , abundant cinematic joyfulness , Peter Jackson 's latest magnum opus rocks out like several large boulders at a Led Zeppelin concert .
Audiences today , just like those in 1933 , pay to see a spectacle , and that 's where King Kong most disappoints .
'T was overkill killed the beast .
The greatest ape of all .
To borrow from an old joke , Peter Jackson 's King Kong is thirty minutes of spectacular entertainment spread out over a three hour movie .
Our response to the ape 's doom , once touched by authentic tragedy , is now marked by relief that this wretchedly excessive movie is finally over .
An exhilarating , stupendously produced example of old-fashioned movie magic by a filmmaker working at the very height of his creative powers .
An intermittently fearsome but clumsy colossus that keeps tripping over its own feet .
... Jackson has honored it with a film that not only stands next to the original but often surpasses it .
Despite all the overkill and side trips , the film still succeeds at telling the story of a woman and the gorilla who loves her .
Kong has heart , and he 's willing to show it in a movie made with wit , excitement and moments of visionary beauty .
Mostly entertaining , but suffers from various excesses .
This is a production that proves that even a great film can have a remake that is better . I just wish Willis O'Brien were around and could look what they 've done to his Kong .
Other than Jackson 's insufferable commentary on filmmaking at the beginning , Kong is thrilling and tragic .
... Peter Jackson delivers the re-invention of the modern monster movie that Godzilla failed to achieve .
`` It was beauty that killed the beast , '' remarks Carl Denham at the conclusion of Peter Jackson 's bloated King Kong , but he might as well have been referring to Jackson 's formerly obese figure suffocating all the life out of his 2005 remake .
When it comes to the ultimate cinematic experience , King Kong is about as good as it gets .
Made with consummate imagination and skill , but still largely superfluous .
Exhausting , in the visceral , adrenal way a good adventure should be . Comparing ` War of the Worlds ' and this particular ` Kong , ' Peter Jackson out-Spielbergs Steven Spielberg .
CGI spectacle that smacks of self-importance and showbiz hustle P.T. Barnum style .
Although far too long at three hours -LRB- the original was only 100 minutes -RRB- , with far too many special effects-driven fight scenes involving horrible monsters , it 's still a smashing love story .
King Kong is an adrenaline-pumping joyride that you wo n't soon forget . However , what really makes this a masterpiece is that Jackson understands every emotional beat of the story .
Packed with enough edge-of-your-seat / did-I-just-see-that / goose-bumpy popcorn pleasure for a year 's worth of blockbusters .
The lengthy set up of Jackson 's King Kong is essential if we are too find the love itself at all plausible .
The shaggy downsides of King Kong should n't keep it from pounding its chest as the box-office monster of the holiday season . You can run , but you ca n't hide .
Should remind burned-out viewers why they started loving movies in the first place ... Jackson gives even the biggest scenes a handmade , geekily obsessive feel .
Voici une autre réalisation monumentale de Jackson .
A bloated , deeply flawed misfire shot by a technical wizard given carte blanche based on his past success .
King Kong is n't terrible , but it 's something that none of Jackson 's previous movies ever was -- it 's enervating .
A stout , muscly heart of a movie whose rhythmic , colossal beats are echoed by murmurs of plangent nostalgia , both for the original movie and , in an odd way , for itself .
Gargantuan . Colossal . Stupendous . `` King Kong '' is every bit as big as its hype . Bigger , in fact .
This time beauty -- and a touch of vaudeville -- soothes the savage beast .
Indiana Jones goes to Jurassic Park in the reigning king of computer graphic monkey business , King Kong -- 2005 .
I 'm still deciding whether it 's a terrific entertainment with some unfortunate excesses -LRB- mostly length -RRB- or an immediate classic that can reside on the same shelf as the original .
After LOTR , Jackson could have done Kangaroo Jack II and he still would have been a legend . But he tried to up the ante and create a picture as vast and as charismatic as his award-winning trilogy .
Kong 's eye-popping array of cinematic tricks reflects the filmmaking philosophy of a director for whom anything worth doing is worth overdoing , then doing to death .
Somehow Jackson 's overflowing passion for his favorite film has translated into the most rigorously entertaining and rousing adventure of the entire year .
a first-rate action flick and a compelling drama that will leave you with tears welling up in your eyes .
Jackson took a huge risk with King Kong . But the movie that no film lover wanted him to make is sure to become the blockbuster that everyone is going to want to see , and with good reason .
One hundred eighty-seven minutes of mesmerization , astonishment , thrills , chills , spills , kills and ills , Peter Jackson 's big monkey picture show is certainly the best popular entertainment of the year .
-LSB- Jackson -RSB- delivers three solid hours of breathless , enchanting entertainment .
The unrelenting computer-animated action suffocates what seems to have been the movie 's main purpose , to expand on the Kong-Ann relationship .
Jackson , the visionary , has a tin ear . The dialogue , even if you cut it some slack for camp , is awful .
This Kong will move you in surprising ways .
Although King Kong is spectacular , its power does n't reside in its glittering vision of 1933 Manhattan , Jackson 's virtuoso flourishes or his computer-generated effects . It 's so much simpler : When the gorilla touches the girl , he touches our hearts .
-LSB- The film -RSB- uses newfangled computer-generated technology to bring us closer to the big guy than ever before . Close enough to read the emotions on his face , and would n't you know : Kong is just another lonely guy , looking for love .
It starts too slowly and suffers from weak dialogue and less-than-epic acting . But as popcorn movies go , this is the year 's popcorniest .
Kong is brilliant in many , many places . But it overwhelms its own best qualities with its sheer , punishing size . It is , literally , too much of a good thing .
Silly , pointless and obscenely overproduced .
Serkis ' contribution truly is something we 've never seen , an entirely new category of computer-enhanced acting . With not a word of dialogue , he brings to life a close cousin to man with whom we can empathize , yet is never too human-like .
Jackson was again driven by a vision that no one else could see until he put it on the screen , and the result is as close as effects-driven spectacle will likely ever get to personal storytelling .
In the end , an homage is all this is . But given the size , scope and volume herein , that 's plenty . It 's all about Kong , and this movie goes ape delivering him .
There are some dazzling moments and remarkably clunky ones , a stitched together mixture of old and new , a genre tour that jumps in tone from jaunty comedy to sci-fi horror to laboured social commentary .
Finally , a film worth going bananas over .
I 'm sorry Mr. Spielberg ; you 've just relinquished your title . Peter Jackson is now the reigning god of awesome movies .
Director Peter Jackson carries King Kong to new heights .
Good things do come in big packages . The trick for any filmmaker is to find the small movie within the big one , which is exactly what Peter Jackson does in King Kong .
In the end , `` Kong '' lands with a resounding thud .
It is too bad that Jackson and his co-screenwriters , Philippa Boyens and Fran Walsh , felt the need to turn a simple adventure story into a bloated three-hour extravaganza .
Jackson balances these tender moments with slam-bang action sequences the likes of which have n't been seen since Jurassic Park or Titanic -- and surpasses them .
It is so good , it might make you cry .
Credible grasshoppers .
The sight of the mighty ape taking futile swipes at bullet-spitting biplanes from the top of the Empire State Building remains one of the most awe-inspiring and utterly sad images in movie history .
One of those mad movies , like Moulin Rouge ! or Burton 's Charlie and the Chocolate Factory , that fully justifies and deserves all the best and worst that can be said for or against them .
Ann and Kong 's romance drives the film . At once sensational and heartrending , it 's an intimacy that ca n't last .
It may have been beauty that killed the beast , but it was genius that brought him back to life .
It 's the giant ape who makes it worth the trip to the box office - at least once .
Jackson has created a world effective enough to draw you in and , a few stupid exceptions aside , keep you engrossed for three solid hours .
This is one of the best movies of the decade !
Seriously , dude - every movie does n't need to be as long as a stupid NFL game .
Here 's to the Big One
If you can look past the places where it does n't hang together , KONG is a tremendous entertainment , as passionate a movie as any little self-financed indie film you want to name this year .
This massive flick is warm and nostalgic , dark and dangerous , sly and sweet , delicate , ferocious , and enthralling in a way that only great movies can be . Plus it 's got , like , a million monsters in it .
Peter Jackson may have lost weight , but he has n't lost his gluttony . There is no excuse for the 3 hour and 7 minute running time of King Kong . Hollywood needs an enema , and Peter Jackson needs an editor .
At three hours , seven minutes and jam-packed with larger-than-life action sequences -- this film is as big as Kong himself . You 'll get your money 's worth .
This is what it means to go to the theater and watch a big movie made with love , care , and intelligence .
My favorite part is when the guy said ` boobies ' because ` boobies ' is funny .
It 's clear that like the Lord of the Rings trilogy , Jackson lovingly took his feelings and appreciations and created a film that is mind-numbingly comprehensive .
More than just homage or a Valentine to the original . Jackson is a romantic and is playing Don Juan with the RKO classic , to the audience and the outright joy of filmmaking .
King Kong is what a big event movie should be -LRB- WOW WOW WOW WOW WOW -RRB- .
If you 're looking for a rollercoaster ride , you 'll love it -- as long as you do n't mind a nice hour-long carriage ride through Central Park first .
Say what you will about Peter Jackson , he knows how to deliver a money shot .
There are lots of reasons we go to the movies , and King Kong celebrates and showcases all of them .
It 's an epic experience , three solid hours of high-flying entertainment and special effects wizardry
... you can feel the director beating his chest on top of the highest cliff .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- a special-effects extravaganza that pummels us senseless . Something 's gone wrong if our strongest emotional response to Kong 's conclusion is relief .
It 's the rare kind of movie that makes too much seem like a good idea .
In a word , Jackson 's King Kong is spectacular , awesome , phenomenal and breathtaking . OK , so I ca n't boil it down to one word .
-LSB- The film -RSB- reminds us of why we first fell in love with Kong and Hollywood movies in general .
Vertiginous , virtuoso filmmaking that dovetails into palpable emotional conflict , and vice versa .
At three hours , Jackson 's Kong is too bloated and digressive to match the pure adrenaline of the first film , perhaps the finest B-movie ever made .
Editor Jamie Selkirk has been with Jackson since he was making 85 minute zombie movies and really should have stepped up , not that fans will complain about the excess .
Fitfully extraordinary yet largely lackluster .
-LSB- I -RSB- f Jackson set out to make a film that would blow minds , child and adult alike ... then he has succeeded enormously ...
This is what they try to say when you hear , `` An experience awaits you at the movies , '' folks .
It was n't beauty killed the beast ... it was bloat .
three big hours of monkey business ... overwrought and self-indulgent to a fault
There 's no denying the monumentality of Jackson 's achievement , which intermittently lives up to Denham 's showbiz credo : ` Magic for the price of a ticket . '
Too big for its own good , too pure of heart to diminish , brawling , magnificent , heroic and flawed : That 's King Kong , and that 's King Kong .
Action movies often devalue acting , but Watts ' performance turns King Kong from a monster movie to an epic tragedy .
There 's a lot to be absorbed by your eyes , plenty of the sort of awesome visuals you 'd expect . But , for a movie so painstakingly noisy , there simply is n't too much worth perking up your ears for .
It can not be oversold : Jackson is so far ahead of every director making these epic , effects-laden event movies that it 's really not even fair .
Like Black 's craven filmmaker , Jackson swells into a madman impresario , so hell-bent on topping himself that he does n't know when to cut and run .
It 's as if Jackson got so excited about his creatures he forgot about his characters .
Jackson 's competent remake is certainly worth a look , but it 's ultimately a Kong too long and too much .
-LSB- The film -RSB- offers the most thrilling movie moments of 2005 and crafts a lovely relationship between its beauty and beast . But ultimately , this Kong is just too much .
Peter Jackson has run the original 1933 King Kong through his epic imaginarium and given us the year 's most thrilling entertainment . Also its most heartbreaking love story .
Remakes simply do n't get any more respectful -- or more inspired -- than this .
Jackson spoils us with riches in this film , with one impossible sequence after another ; the result is overwhelming but pleasantly so .
Peter Jackson 's new movie is the king of Kongs .
King Kong rules , and the big ape 's reign is almost problem-free .
While one can not deny his giant-sized filmmaking gifts or his showmanship , nor can we ignore how thin the air of self-importance feels by the time every last digital effect has been pulled out of the magic bag .
Monstrous . Monumental . Magnificent . Use any term you want , there 's no denying the power , genius and spectacle of King Kong , which is certainly the biggest movie of the year and possibly the biggest movie ever made .
Jackson is filmmaker and entertainer enough to use all the technology at his disposal without losing sight of the sublimely improbable story of beast and beauty , and the exquisitely realized islands they call home .
By stretching everything out to Epic length , Jackson has taken on well more than his source material -- reproduced with fervent love -- can support .
This is one of the year 's best films .
You 've seen it all before but most assuredly never like this .
A big , bold , gigantor of an action movie that 's part head-knocking smackdown , part intimate beauty and the beast and thoroughly entertaining a lot of the time .
Given the excessive length and bombastic F/X , there 's too much action and precious little poetry .
With a wizard at the helm , there are times when re-makes can be glorious things .
Gives new meaning to the expression , ` Lem me go , ya big ape ! '
a marvelous entertainment , a great big thumping movie-movie that stands beside , all the while honoring , the greatness of the original .
sheer delight , the perfect synthesis of mainstream action flick and sobering philosophical musing on the nature of love in an imperfect world
This is Naomi Watts ' and Kong 's movie and together they create magic onscreen .
Peter Jackson 's King Kong is all things cinema , in the hands of a clever but overindulged filmmaker .
-LSB- `` King Kong '' -RSB- could have been shorter , especially in the first third , but this is a minor nitpick of a film that is tremendously entertaining and wonderfully crafted .
The popcorn movie of the millennium , setting a new standard for special effects wizardry .
Often wondrous to behold and enormously exciting -LRB- and , amazingly , even occasionally moving -RRB- , but also way too long and at times exhaustingly elaborate .
In the process of modernizing Kong , Jackson has made his film a mix of ungodly spectacle and masturbatory overkill .
Grab yourself a couple of big tubs of popcorn and get ready to have one heck of a good time at the movies .
While Jackson 's ` Kong ' may not be a great film , it offers plenty of good fun , and few moviegoers will leave the theater griping that they did n't get their money 's worth .
A colossal holiday treat that 's technologically mind-blowing yet heartwarmingly endearing .
A lavish , high-octane epic . King Kong has a welcome heart to go along with its razzle-dazzle , but it is a heart that alternates between hot and cold .
Not that it matters what I say , but I do recommend seeing it . First two thirds are gold .
Spectacular , clumsy , hilarious , ludicrously self-indulgent , terrifying and far too long , Peter Jackson 's remake of the 1933 classic is a monster in every sense .
Peter Jackson is the savior of the modern blockbuster . He gets it .
Peter Jackson 's remake is as much a tribute to the old , seat-of-the-pants spirit of early motion pictures as it is an exercise in technological bravura .
Jackson is a visionary filmmaker who is not only a technical wizard but also a master storyteller .
Most great movies are lucky to have a handful of moments to remember ; King Kong has at least two dozen .
A travelogue through popular movie genres , it passes from socially conscious drama to comedy , romance , horror , adventure , science-fiction fantasy and doomed love story , cleverly quoting the styles and tropes to which we 've become accustomed along the way .
The result is a three-hour epic on par with his Lord of the Rings trilogy both in scale and thematic relevance , securing Jackson 's reputation as the next great event filmmaker and heir to Steven Spielberg .
However jawdropping the big effects -LRB- there 's a dinosaur stampede and some giant white worms who suck men into their squishy maws -RRB- , they 're tenderly elbowed aside by scenes of tender intimacy .
Jackson has n't realized just his own dream but the collective dream of everyone who sees the movie screen as a window into the fantastic .
This Kong is high-powered entertainment , but Jackson pushes too hard and loses momentum over the more than three hours of the movie .
This is a great thrill ride with the occasionally beautiful moment , as when Kong and Ann admire a sunset . Pay no attention to the December 14th release date , I think this is really a classic summer movie .
They do n't really make movies like this anymore ; I do n't know if they ever did .
`` King Kong '' is a rare film that would be improved with a `` director 's cut '' that excised rather than added .
One of the season 's most enjoyable films - even if it 's a wee bit overlong .
The one remake to rule them all !
Spectacular in the way it gives us what we expect and then some , and manages to find sincerity within a premise that , in this day and age , comes preloaded with irony .
A sensational performance by Naomi Watts as the beauty who makes even a truly fierce beast beautiful just by loving him .
The result features special effects that will make your jaw drop .
Jackson 's dangerous decision to do a period remake of King Kong , a classic long established as part of modern folklore , has , on the whole , paid off .
The impact of Peter Jackson 's King Kong is as massive as the gigantic gorilla itself , a spectacle to marvel at , but most importantly , a story with which we can connect emotionally .
Easily one of the year 's most gut-wrenching tragedies , and it 's a pretty good action-adventure movie too .
Scary and sensational - simply the most spectacular creature feature ever made !
A bona fide work of genius .
Here is the jaw-dropping , eye-popping , heart-stopping movie epic we 've been waiting for all year .
This remake is thrilling on every level . Even if it 's also rather self-indulgent .
Jackson 's love and nostalgia for his beast is what kills the movie .
The movie seals Jackson 's reputation : He 's the most gifted big-picture artist working today , a master of epics from a human-eye view who excels at employing 21st-century technological wizardry to suit the needs of ageless , personal storytelling .
Alongside the adrenalized rushes , Jackson and his colleagues locate the humor , affection and heartbreak in its big story .
Hokey and clichéd in parts , thrilling and dramatic at other times , King Kong is reminiscent of both Jurassic Park and Titanic . And like those two record-setting epics , it is certain to be a huge hit .
What 's up on screen is rarely short of staggering .
The $ 200 million-plus spectacle is funny when it wants to be , exhilarating when it needs to be and a sentimental triumph at the end .
Peter Jackson 's King Kong is the most thrilling , soulful monster picture ever made . At last , it can be said without irony -- I laughed , I cried .
This is spectacle filmmaking at its best , where a director is in tune with the story 's underlying emotions and his own boyish love for adventure fantasy .
Overlong and diffuse , Jackson 's remake is a hybrid of horror , disaster , adventure , and romance genres , delivering proficiently the basic goods , while referencing such blockbusters as Raiders of the Lost Ark , Jurassic Park , and Titanic .
A hugely enjoyable , eye-popping movie that pushes all the right buttons .
Worth seeing , especially on the big screen .
Smashing good fun .
If it receives no other award , it virtually demands recognition for its screenplay -- a spectacular that takes us to a very unexpected region of the heart .
Those who enjoy Jackson 's previous films will probably forgive the movie 's pacing and storytelling problems once the action kicks into high gear
That Jackson 's King Kong upgrades the now hammy original with wit , heart and humour is a pleasant surprise . That it does so by reinventing the action blockbuster , in form and emotional impact , is nothing less than an act of cinematic alchemy .
Jackson again reminds us that he 's a genius .
This gorilla of a film is blockbuster of the year .







@highlight

Featuring state-of-the-art special effects , terrific performances , and a majestic sense of spectacle , Peter Jackson 's remake of King Kong is a potent epic that 's faithful to the spirit of the 1933 original .