Same jokes , but better set design . Everything is candles and good lighting , beautiful people in exquisitely designed apartments , moaning about love .
It 's the small observations that make About Last Night worthwhile .
You do n't just walk out thinking that you deserve better relationships from now on , but that you also deserve better movies like this one .
This must be why I 'm single . Who wants to be with a guy who looks forward to the complications a significant other will add to my life ? Why ca n't you complain your girlfriend , Fred ?
Hart and Hall are downright lovable , their individual live wire comic energies even further elevated in the face of a formidable foil -- and that resulting charge also translates into an appropriately volatile and exciting erotic electricity .
The main problem here is the less-than-convincing nature of Danny and Debbie 's squabbles ...
A remake in name only , `` About Last Night '' is a poorly directed series of Kevin Hart skits with an occasional emotional moment somehow finding its way onto the screen .
This version neither fizzes nor sparkles , but may prove a painless enough experience -- if you 're unfamiliar with the original .
When your intention was always to use the cookie cutter , why bother nodding the head towards any largely imagined inspiration ?
A date movie that could have been written by entertainment software , and quite divorced from real human beings and their experiences of sex .
The film 's limp and bedraggled . No one looks good in it . You wonder if Mamet would even recognise what he once wrote .
It becomes a bit repetitive but has an energy missing from many romantic comedies plus some proper laughs .
The haunting sounds emanating from Kevin Hart taint this watered-down and glossy reinterpretation of a 1974 David Mamet play .
Ealy and Bryant make for a bland couple and during the more weighty stuff appear to be just going through the motions .
It 's raunchier than its '86 counterpart , but still not much of a turn-on .
Drops enough kernels of hard truth into the romcom popcorn box to break a tooth or two .
Regina Hall and Kevin Hart steal the movie from the `` stars '' and keep the laughs coming
Hart 's big personality , wit bolster ` About Last Night '
Sexy , witty and romantic , ` About Last Night ' is a remake of the 1986 Edward Zwick film adapted from David Mamet 's ` Sexual Perversity in Chicago , ' a stage play . The 1986 movie and this one both are rated R , but this one has more steam in its dialogue .
The new About Last Night clearly wants to honor the old , -LSB- but -RSB- it needs to embrace the new more often .
a well-made film with the new script adapted perfectly to its cast
Plenty smart and entertaining , and in an era where cinematic romances tend to wade in the shallow end of the pool , that 's a notable accomplishment .
There probably were n't a lot of people clamoring for an About Last Night remake , but this one is fresh enough to hold up well on its own .
ALN 2.0 , a bawdy variation on the theme establishing Kevin Hart as a bona fide box-office attraction .
A broader , more servicable remake , transitioning from risque to raunchy .
This may be watered-down David Mamet . But for Kevin Hart , it 's 80 proof .
Narrative shortcoming -LSB- s -RSB- easily ignored in the face of the comedic force that is Kevin Hart . Just wind him up and let him go .
Forget your significant other , spend Valentine 's Day with Kevin Hart and About Last Night .
Kevin Hart 's hot streak is officially over .
About Last Night is more unique than your average rom-com flick - even if only marginally so .
Comes to life whenever Hart and Hall return to scream at each other or to have passionate sex while wearing livestock masks .
On paper , About Last Night is a third-generation copy of David Mamet 's 1974 stage play Sexual Perversity in Chicago -- but if anything ... it comes closer to Mamet 's rancorous vision of dueling hormones than the '80s screen version did .
While this version lacks the subtlety of the original , it delivers enough raunchy humor to be far more entertaining .
The 2014 model of About Last Night ... it beefs up the girl-side element of the story , incorporates considerably more frank sex talk , and generally provides its cast with a lot more meat to chew on and spit back out .
About Last Night itself stands little chance of leaving a lasting impression , but it may have gifted us with birth of a new comedy team .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- typical rom-com fare , but it 's a more enjoyable adaptation of the source material that 's elevated by its smart direction , solid cast , and willingness to make sex and dating every bit as funny , charming , and sincere as it is in real life .
Complaining that a remake of a movie that was itself an adaptation of a play lacks originality may seem redundant , but Steve Pink 's version of About Last Night does n't really bring anything fresh or new to the material aside from an appealing cast .
Mostly , Hart aces his many showcase moments , not so much stealing the movie as occasionally letting the other actors possess it for a while .
Neither director Steve Pink nor screenwriter Leslye Headland put much effort into basic storytelling .
his film has the looseness of a movie made of outtakes -- but they mostly work , and they mostly involve Hall and Hart . They 're the undercard that takes over the movie .
Sexy , funny adult rom-com gives insight on love , friends .
`` About Last Night '' makes for a pretty terrific date movie ... because it demands only a commitment to be entertained , but still manages to make you consider what it means to be in a relationship .
If this was December , Hart might be in the Oscar mix , he 's that good in About Last Night . Explosively good , a comedy nova who wo n't shut up and never should . Eddie Murphy in 48 Hrs . good , when raw talent meets purpose and the course of movies shifts .
What a difference an R-rating can make when stomping through the well-worn grounds of romantic comedy territory .
It 's acceptable for young 20-somethings to be getting hammered night after night dealing with heartbreak , but these two are in their 40 's . Maybe they need to hit a meeting somewhere instead ? Aside from that this is decent remake .
Of all the date movies available for Valentine 's weekend , About Last Night has the edge . That edge is mostly Kevin Hart .
Kevin Hart turns an essentially crude wingman into the conscience of the film 's torturous , nettled discourse on romance .
The resulting film wo n't help you understand men or women any better , but it will make you laugh . And we all know that 's the quickest way to the heart .
`` About Last Night '' surrenders its predecessor 's ellipsis in its title , but thankfully retains the salty mouth and sexual shenanigans that mark it as an adaptation of David Mamet 's `` Sexual Perversity In Chicago '' .
A question of sheer ballsy attitude over true comic substance , this raunchy remake does the job . Sort of .
The movie is bad enough to make David Mamet , who wrote the razor-sharp play that inspired the original movie , roll over in his piles of money .
This romantic comedy aims to please but with superficial characters with unclear motives , it ultimately falls flat .
Kevin Hart and Regina Hall do a nice job of providing the comedy in this raunchy remake , but there 's little else there in what ends up a mostly forgettable film .
It 's a fresh update on an old story made relevant by a strong cast .
It 's a good set-up and contrast , and Pink keeps things moving , while finding times for a few in-jokes and some nice tunes on the soundtrack .
It 's another remake of an 80 's movie ! Somewhere , Billy Ocean plots his comeback .
A spot on , intelligent , witty , romantic and sexy dramedy of which everyone involved should be proud .
Thoughtful , relatable and often hilarious . Wisely timed for a Valentine 's Day release , couples wo n't find a better option than this romantic crowd pleaser .
thanks mostly to Hart and Hall 's fiery comic chemistry , it 's frequently hilarious
About Last Night is frisky fun made all the more entertaining because of the potent chemistry between its quartet of lead actors .
Has little new to offer about romantic entanglements that audiences have n't seen countless times in movies and , especially , on TV sitcoms since 1986 , not to mention before that .
The thing is to enjoy yourself at the time , then forget all about it in the morning . The best you can hope for from a one-night stand , really .
Hart appears opposite someone who is every bit his match , the fabulously talented Regina Hall , one of the best comic pairings since Mae West and W.C. Fields .
About Last Night takes us through the Honeymoon Phase and into the difficult realm beyond . That 's where couples have to work to stay together , and that 's where this movie gains its strongest traction .
It 's a romantic dramedy timed for release on Valentine 's Day , a confection equal parts tart and sweet .
The makers of the raucous remake clearly recognized those sidekicks ' value .
A sweet , silly , semi-raunchy Valentine 's Day confection directed by Steve Pink .
Hijinks remain , although having Danny hit up Halloween dressed as Ike Turner - opposite Debbie 's Tina - is a special kind of miscalculation .
A vehicle for four extremely talented actors to spend some time crafting interesting characters with great dialogue .
What 's missing are the jolts of realism and flashes of insight that made the original so stealthily effective .
Though it 's based on a David Mamet play now 40 years old , `` About Last Night '' feels as fresh and vital as any romantic comedy hot off the script pile .
The 2014 version is funnier and more entertaining than the original , and not only because Kevin Hart is such a better performer than Jim Belushi
You could take your honey for Valentine 's Day . But , really , a dozen fake roses and a card from CVS would be more personal .
while the circumstances which challenge true love mostly ring true , it 's difficult to stay as invested in morose tension ... than Kevin Hart dressed as a `` Magic Mike '' stripper .
The leads are great , especially the hilarious Hall , and the humor is spot-on .
fresh and funny
As for Ealy and Bryant , you 'd be hard-pressed to find two more attractive people working on the big screen - who still have barely passable chemistry together .
The four leads are entirely engaging including the manic Hart , who seems to play variations of the same character in every movie .
It balances any sentimentalism with an over-the-top vulgarity and a more open sexual energy than its predecessor .
`` About Last Night '' is dirty , sexy and , for the most part , a lot of fun .
However uneven , the movie at least knows the cardinal rule : In a rom-com , there 's no rom without the com . Hart and Hall give it their all .
It 's the funniest , friskiest date movie in a good long while .
There 's no critique going on , no point of view , no right and no wrong , no innocent or guilty party - and no dramatic stakes .
Pink improves on the 1986 Edward Zwick movie by wisely giving more screen time to less-strait-laced supporting characters .
The cultural dilution of David Mamet 's `` Sexual Perversity in Chicago '' continues with `` About Last Night , '' an adaptation/remake with even less of the play 's DNA than the dreadful original film .
Seduction is all in how it 's played , as evidenced by the winning About Last Night . It 's playful , stable and sexy , thanks to a cast that knows how to find the sweet spots .
There 's not a single human moment in the entire feature , which always hunts for a joke or sitcom conflict to get by , imagining the game of love as a tiresome CBS comedy pilot .
The dialogue has the flavor of 2014 , even as these paramours simply borrow the dating wisdom -- and gender politics -- of their 1980s counterparts .
Getting to the inevitable end is a refreshingly pleasant experience .
A pretty , mildly sympathetic ear instead of a valuable mouthpiece .
A reboot that is as satisfying as breakfast in bed the morning after an unexpected rendezvous .
Kevin Hart brings his `` A '' game ... finally . And Regina Hall matches him comic blow for blow
Modern touches and an engaging cast make the recycled material feel fresh enough for a one-night stand at the multiplex .
In a genre that avoids risk-taking , `` About Last Night '' is a breath of fresh air , a fun `` date '' movie that is as satisfying -- at least temporarily -- as a rebound boyfriend . Sometimes that 's all you need in a movie .
... by refusing to play to the typical roadblocks of the genre , the film manages to offer people something honest , and ... couples will recognize themselves in the film .

@highlight

About Last Night wanders even further from the David Mamet play that inspired the original , but it benefits from an engaging cast and a screenplay that smartly balances romance and comedy .