Unfortunately , the film 's post-modern staginess assists in keeping Porter endlessly at arm 's length . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Winkler indulges a large amount of screentime detailing these sexual leanings and complications , which disrupts the picture 's balance between wannabe musical and straight up bio-pic .
The music is de-lovely , but not much else is .
More imagination than inquiry , this cautiously reverential tale reaches for aesthetic pleasure and emotion over insight .
If you ignore the plot and just approach the flick as nothing more than a 21st century update of a Busby Berkeley-style musical , you will not be disappointed .
Performances crackling with an enthusiasm that indicates how much Porter 's work continues to be loved and respected .
Elegante e esteticamente admirável , este musical é um pouco mais longo do que deveria , mas as belas canções e os complexos planos concebidos por Winker acabam compensando .
The production numbers recap Porter 's life using his own music . The concept is nothing if not original but it 's the execution that causes the greatest strife .
... employs a bizarre structure that makes it virtually impossible to connect with anything or anyone on screen .
Emotionally week and distant , like watered-down soup . It provides poor nourishment .
An intelligent behind-the-scenes look at enduring love and enduring music .
De-Lovely , de-Nearly delectable
... if I did n't already enjoy the composer 's music , this movie would never have swayed to like it .
Kline and Judd are both good , but Cole Porter seems to have more sophistication than depth .
The movie does offer insight into a man whose lyrics now are underscored with the deeper , hidden rhythms of truth .
The least you can expect from a film celebrating a witty and stylish personality like Cole Porter is to be witty and stylish . But , alas , De-Lovely is neither .
De-senfrenada y de-lirante , de-liciosa en algunos momentos .
A handsome musical about the most ambiguous of American composers .
De-Lovely 's pedestrian aesthetic choices and conventional point of view sit awkwardly within its semi-experimental framework .
It 's very , very bad , and not even in a nice , campy Showgirls way .
De-Lovely is a film I can imagine the Porters enjoying , and also one that might occasionally make them uncomfortable . It is n't great cinema , but it 's deft popular art .
A misguided clunker that borders on being offensive .
The only way to kill Cole Porter is to mess with his music . And that 's exactly what Producer/Director Irwin Winkler does in De-Lovely .
... more of a production than a portrait .
There are enough glorious songs , energetically warbled by a host of modern pop stars , to keep us enthralled .
De-Lovely features a first-rate performance that ought to earn Kevin Kline an Oscar nomination .
Is De-Lovely a failure ? In many ways , yes . But it 's the kind of failure I 'd rather see than I would many more successful films .
`` De-Lovely '' is missing the passion and brio it needs to function on a level that best befits its iconic subject -- clever , witty and seemingly effortless in its creation .
Kline/Judd are de-lectable and the movie is de-vine .
Both fans and non-fans will appreciate Porter 's tunes . But the real story of his marriage has yet to be told .
Winkler 's musical valentine to Cole Porter and his genius sets just the right tone , a harmonious blend of intelligence and sentiment , intensified by a song score to sigh for and the best film performance of Kevin Kline 's estimable career .
Routine biopic of legendary American composer Cole Porter .
The results ... are staid , with re-creations of Paris in the Jazz Age and Hollywood in its Golden Age that are like waxworks in motion .
A most unusal biopic about a most unconventional lovely story
A lovely fantasia on the life and times of the man who said ` I wanted every kind of love that was available ' and then described most of them in his songs .
Winkler 's technique is to proceed a scene of Porter experiencing something with a scene of a song performance that 's inspired by that event . Rinse . Repeat .
... is n't simply a musical revue . It 's also a biography , and that 's where it 's not so pretty .
Like most Mexican food in Minnesota , De-Lovely is a bold idea , timidly executed .
It is stiff , lifeless and incomprehensibly dull .
Porter 's lyrics and melodies still sparkle with the brilliance of bubbling champagne , but this movie biography is about as effervescent as swamp gas .
De-Lovely is an unexpected delight giving us both the wonderful music of Cole Porter along with Kevin Kline 's winning turn as the composer .
A wildly uneven musical biography of Cole Porter .
Keeps making the point that Cole Porter was a fun-loving , carefree man-about-town -- but if that 's true , then how come his life seems so dull ?
As a musical , it 's a dandy .
By miscasting its two stars , De-Lovely falsifies Porter 's story almost as much as Night and Day did .
The movie is but a pale imitation of Porter 's amazing life . Here , it just looks , well , kind of interesting .
Functions beautifully from the context in which many of his songs are presented .
` There are no little memories with you , ' Cole tells her .
Uneven and ultimately superficial ... but the composer 's enduring genius and the lavish production are enough to make the picture worth a listen and a look .
Porter 's songs keep much the film afloat when , otherwise , it would have sunk . No matter how turgid or murky the movie becomes , when the music starts , you 're flying .
Not inept enough to make the composer spin in his grave ... but not insightful or clever enough to please the old boy , either .
Despite the occasional lapse , De-Lovely works because of Kline . He zeroes in on Porter 's charm and insouciance but is n't afraid to expose the man 's selfishness .
Entertaining . With more than 30 Cole Porter songs and an accomplished cast , how can it not be ?
The story is sad . The music is witty , wary , impassioned and delightful . The balance is what makes De-Lovely special .
Porter 's music is made for movies , and just about anywhere else , but maybe the man himself was n't .
Tells its story through conventional means , with leaden dialogue and few , if any , insights .
Tends to be abstract when it needs to be literal , staid when it should be salacious , and self-conscious when it should find a natural rhythm .
This hybrid of psychological investigation , musical celebration and period drama is a muddle .
It 's De-pressing -- a curiously static film that at times comes across as positively morose .
the power of the music alone is enough to make this film worth viewing
The tears start leaking -- for all the wrong reasons , of course .
Kevin Kline sings less than perfect ... It may be truer to life , but it does the music and ultimately the movie a disservice because these songs deserve to be sung well .
Kevin Kline 's acting and musical talent combine to make Irwin Winkler 's beautiful yet flawed De-Lovely a movie to see .
Kline , a double Tony Award winner , is sublime , whether tinkling on the 88s or warbling Porter tunes . He obviously loves that skin he 's in , even in the darker moments .
When it is most successful , it is successful as a portrait of a marriage that had to be stronger than most because of a life spent dancing backward while wearing high heels .
Never gets under your skin -- neither yours nor , for that matter , Cole Porter 's .
Bungled , empty and tortuously constructed .
Being in the hands of folks who think that what worked for Fosse should work for Porter means that we 're in for some seriously tacky melodrama . And that 's what we get , mostly .
What worse hell could a showman endure than a tin-eared procession of his greatest hits ?
It is my sad duty to tell you it is wooden , artificial , contrived , infuriating and as phony as an invitation to bring along a tape recorder to dinner with J.D. Salinger .
If for no other reason -LRB- and there are assuredly other reasons -RRB- , I recommend De-Lovely to my readers for its honorable role in opening another door to our ridiculously repressed past .
This elegant production beautifully captures a time and place that no longer exists -- and perhaps never did -- except in song .
Cole Porter biopic has flair and great tunes , but it 's a little short on the facts of the great songsmith 's life .
De-lovely might be decorous , but it falls significantly short of its own lofty artistic intents ... in short , was should have been de-lightful is barely mediocre .
I do n't know what I was more bothered by , his smirk or his strut
Finds the rhythm of your heart , plays it like a finely-tuned grand piano , and makes for the summer 's most sublimely catchy moviegoing experience .
Some of this is true , some invented , but all of the songs are wonderful .
One of those deadly films in which , while you glumly sit in your seat , people on the screen have an absolutely marvelous time .
De-Lovely is worth a rental if only to learn more about Porter 's wonderful music and to see two very fine performances from Kline and Judd .
It 's afraid to move too far one way or the other . For a movie about the man who wrote `` Let 's Misbehave , '' there 's an awful lot of behaving going on here .
De-Lovely has much to sing about but little to say .
Surprisingly uninvolving .
The movie has the air of something that 's been in the morgue 's icebox for a week .
Kevin Kline does a fine job portraying Porter as he 's written . But the script is missing much of the complexity and some of the humanity of the composer .
A Porter biography that makes Porter 's songs sound flat and undistinguished is on the wrong track .
The songs are too plentiful , even for a musical , and pop up with no discernible rhyme or reason -- they are n't performed in chronological order and often fail to fit even the mood of a scene .
Visually , De-Lovely is a treat ; the costumes and colors are lavish and intricate , with the movie occasionally fading elegantly into art deco black and white .
Director Irwin Winkler 's highly stylized technique is difficult to connect with emotionally .
It 's fun to see moderns like Elvis Costello , Natalie Cole , Diana Krall and Alanis Morissette ` doing ' Porter .
Intelligently written , sumptuously produced , and dramatically inert .
Kevin Kline shines in the Cole Porter bio De-Lovely but whether the movie is any better than the 1946 cornball bio Night and Day is De-Batable .
It 's hard to imagine the real Porter sitting still for this kind of film .
De-Lovely twinkles and glows , but all the surface razzle-dazzle fails to mask the emptiness at its core .
Despite that gaffe and the underwhelming singing of a couple of pop stars on the soundtrack , De-Lovely has much de-loveliness about it .
Too flatly refined to evoke the turbulent existence it examines .
Verges on de-bysmal .
Better than a root canal , marginally superior to Gigli , but bad enough .
A host of classy musicians like Robbie Williams , Elvis Costello and Natalie Cole , who cover Porter 's music to further the plot , are simply de-magical .
The movie contains more music than most musicals , yet is not a concert film because the songs seem to rise so naturally out of the material and illuminate it .
Thoughtful , creative , and generally worthy of its subject , with sins that are more of ambition and miscalculation than of execution .
The split Porters -- one watching the other acting out his life as a stage show -- provide an approximate mirror for the film 's theory of his split self .
-LSB- A -RSB- s much a valentine to Porter as a biography of him ... redolent with romantic history ...
This is some of -LSB- Kline and Judd 's -RSB- most astonishing respective work in memory . De-Lovely is unremittingly romantic .
Creates a strange vibe , as if to say a gay man 's only truly worthy relationship could come from a woman .
A fascinating framing device highlights beautiful Kline and Judd and intricate in-camera editing . Gorgeous and moving .
An imaginative reconstruction of key events in Cole Porter 's life .
De-lousy .
An innovative biopic , an irresistible musical -LRB- featuring some of today 's top artists covering Porter standards -RRB- and a surprisingly touching heterosexual love story -- even though it does n't shy away one inch from its hero 's rampant bisexuality .
Rather than seeing the life of a complex , talented man , we get a series of elegant episodes that showcase costumes and set
Kline alone provides the film with any of its non-musical energy
De-Lovely is Di-Sapointing .
You have the creepy sense of watching adult children -LRB- with the singular exception of Mr. Kline , who can surmount any disaster -RRB- dressed up in period costume at a school pageant .
A refreshing change from Hollywood 's typical wages-of-sin sermon .
Like a Porter song , De-Lovely has melancholy , wit and style to burn .
The kind of escapist entertainment that has one hunting for an escape route .
Seeing fresh , not necessarily traditional renditions of 30 classic Porter tunes done by the likes of Costello , Morissette , Sheryl Crow , Diana Krall , Lemar , Natalie Cole and Robbie Williams was a real treat .
Remarkably touching and engrossing .
Kline is charming and captivating . He is one of the most underrated actors in the business today
A captivating musical .
Alanis Moresette in a sailor suit singing ` Anything Goes ? ' Jeez ! It works , though .
Successfully intimate , underwhelming -LRB- for the most part -RRB- musically , at times as difficult as their relationship , the film also has a very sweet sense to it .
As a bio-pic , De-Lovely is pretty standard , run-of-the-mill stuff . However , as a ` best hits ' collection of Cole Porter 's music , it is unparalleled .
It 's hard not be entertained by two dozen of Cole 's best , sung winningly , if not always brilliantly , by a company that includes Alanis Morissette , Elvis Costello , Sheryl Crow and -LRB- the best , fittingly -RRB- Natalie Cole .
Director Irwin Winkler and screenwriter Jay Cocks know that Porter 's songs are his story , and so they take care to weave his tunes seamlessly into their movie 's structure .
If you 're a Cole Porter fan you might like the songs in De-Lovely , but as a portrait of an unusual marriage it 's de-lumbering , de-liberate and de-cidedly flat .
An imaginative , deconstructionist , celebratory musical biography woven together from elements of theater , meta-cinema , chamber drama and Porter 's own MGM musicals .
A sterilization of a complicated man 's life for non-entertainment purposes .
Something dishy and rare : a biopic about a happy , and even enchanted , man .
The musical interludes , albeit entertaining , yank the viewer out of the early 20th century . Had the film stayed in its own time , it would have been more de-lovely .
A film that wants to break molds but lacks the ambition and nerve to do so .
Spike Jones or ` Weird Al ' Yankovic could scarcely have been more jarring than the gaggle of preening pop stars invited to camp on the classics .
You enter a movie with that title , prepared to be enchanted . You straggle out a couple of hours later , lost in a fog of gloom .
Director Irwin Winkler has a veteran 's appreciation for show business , and he confidently chronicles Porter 's rise to fame and fortune -- and his physical and career setbacks .
Delightful , and delicious , and probably for most mass audiences , de-irritating . As Cole might have said , however ... there 's no accounting for taste .
De-Lovely is an enjoyable musical biography of Cole Porter with a stellar performance by Kevin Kline .
De-Lovely is a work of art , in the medium of film , with an almost dreamlike vision , as if we 've fallen into a portal through the floodlights ... READ ON - >
All dressed up with nowhere to go .
The Porter 's sexless marriage means the film is sexless .
A failed attempt at stylization , lacking the consistency of view and approach that would knit the parts together into a cohesive whole . But , oh , those songs !
In voice , manner , patrician charm and private torment , Kevin Kline is perfection as legendary composer Cole Porter .
The musical moments are punctuated with awkward and stilted dialog that completely kills the movie 's momentum .
If this is the future of musical movies , please stop the trend before it takes off ...
Winkler and Cocks almost convince us that , despite his secrets , success and tortured later life , Porter is not interesting enough to warrant big-screen treatment .
Keeping it all alive through all the dramatic ups and down , and limited psychological and emotional complexity , is Kline .
The numbers are staged with wit and style .











@highlight

Musical numbers save movie from cliches .