Somewhere Alison Bechdel is screaming .
Three talented actresses , including Jane Fonda , are wasted in this disappointing serio-comedy .
About as surprising in its plot as a trip to McDonald 's , but that does n't keep it from being pretty satisfying on the cinematic comfort-food level .
The once divisive ` Hanoi Jane ' is now a harmless hippie dispensing homegrown marijuana and homilies about love and ` transformation ' in this cornball , clichéd and predictable yet agreeable and entertaining movie .
The lighting was so off in this movie that bright patches of sunlight made me squint and dark nighttime scenes lost some character 's facial features .
For a movie that professes to teach us to get past our insecurities and think more freely , it does so with astonishingly conventional storytelling tropes .
Hippies are now charming old eccentrics who exist mainly to teach the rest of us to stop and smell -LRB- or smoke -RRB- the roses .
Beresford directs without purpose or polish , and his mostly fine cast , which includes Kyle MacLachlan and Rosanna Arquette in bit parts , is wasted .
Pop songs , beautiful bucolic scenery and the joy of watching Jane Fonda fizz in a fun role that looks like a no-brainer are elements that a skilled director like Australia 's polished Bruce Beresford blends with perfection .
Jane Fonda 's hippy offers nothing but a chance for Catherine Keener 's uptight New Yorker to bicker with . What a flat film .
Drug use and cliches mar unoriginal indie dramedy .
f Woodstock represented three days of love and peace , `` Peace , Love & Misunderstanding '' mostly takes up 96 minutes of your time , most who see will wish they could get back .
It 's a bad sign when Jane Fonda has to work to pass for an old hippie .
Fonda , Keener and Olsen compose a dream team of multigenerational talent , but they , and this film , are underserved by characters in need of development and an idea in need of a story .
Good-natured , eager to please and harmless , but also contrived , trite and bland .
Not every movie is , or has to be , an Event . Sometimes all I ask of a film is that it offer a pleasant diversion for an hour and a half . That 's exactly what I got from ` Peace , Love , & Misunderstanding ' .
There 's a great movie to be made about the survivors of Woodstock Nation and their children . But in order to make that movie , you first have to respect the ideals of that generation enough to at least give them their due .
The upbeat multi-generational slice-of-life narrative bears the appropriate tagline - `` Life is a journey . Family is a trip . '' It is worth the price of admission to see the gifted Fonda grace the screen playing this free-wheeling , eccentric force of nature .
... plays like `` Wanderlust 2 : Family Reunion '' without as many -LRB- intentional -RRB- laughs .
More akin to a Jane Fonda vanity project than a narrative , it 's so bland that even such schmaltzy femme-oriented cable networks as Lifetime TV might dismiss it for a decided lack of bite .
There is no casting decision or character nuance or plot turn too obvious to indulge .
What 's so funny about `` Peace , Love & Misunderstanding '' ? Not enough .
Besides blatant chick flick romantic appeal , the mothers/daughters relationships hold a modicum of interest ... plus an incidental memorial tribute to the late Levon Helm .
If nothing else , you must applaud Peace , Love & Misunderstanding for its cheery insistence that a lifetime of resentment can float away as easily as a helium-filled balloon .
Love her or hate her , -LSB- Fonda -RSB- is an actor of tremendous gifts and cultural cachet . If she can find another movie worth her time , watch out .
Certainly , there 's a comedy to be made about multigenerational conflict . But `` Peace , Love & Misunderstanding '' never quite finds its groove .
A crowd-pleasing comedy that is n't going to win any awards for originality .
Nobody deserves this movie .
It 's like `` A Midsummer Night 's Dream '' in the Catskills .
It 's better than getting stuck with Battleship .
Kind of a drag , man .
It 's not `` On Golden Pond '' by any stretch , but it is nice to have Fonda back in the fractious family way .
The kind of human-drawn slice-of-life that 's difficult to dislike . Or , at least , it would be if it were n't for its obligatory story happenings and non-event of a conclusion .
Every plot turn is groaningly predictable . But at least the lead performances set off sparks .
You could watch Bruce Beresford 's wan comedy `` Peace , Love and Misunderstanding '' with the sound off , and still follow the plot easily just by watching Catherine Keener 's hair .
Was there no one to suggest that the script , by Joseph Muszynski and Christina Mengert , had certain deficits ? All the same , the spectacle of first-rate actors attacking third-rate material is guilty fun .
Peace , Love & Misunderstanding mostly comes across as chintzy and uninspired as its title .
The plot is as contrived as the characters ...
Woodstock , and hippie grandmas everywhere , demand better .
I ca n't imagine what a bore Peace , Love & Misunderstanding would be without Fonda 's presence .
It 's Fonda 's show , riffing on her Hanoi Jane past and aided by first-time screenwriters Christina Mengert and Joseph Muszynski 's ear for how both smart people and New-Agers talk .
How you feel about `` Peace , Love & Misunderstanding '' will depend on how you feel about aging hippies and the continuing relevance of all things Woodstock .
It 's slight , but pleasurable fun .
The likable cast can not rescue this clunky movie wallowing in tired hippie cliches . Script could have used about six rewrites .
If `` Peace , Love & Misunderstanding '' strikes you as a thigh-slappingly witty title , there 's a chance you will enjoy the entire film .
The fortune cookie of a screenplay is not great , and I did n't believe a second of `` Peace , Love and Misunderstanding , '' but the actresses are so fantastic it almost does n't matter .
It 's a great -LRB- if middle-of-the-road -RRB- family comedy to seek out .
Jake 's ever-present video camera notes the sign `` Woodstock 3 mi . '' -- but it should read `` Shameless Contrivances 3 mi . '' ... make tracks , not love .
`` Peace , Love & Misunderstanding '' treats the Hudson Valley as a kind of Eden , and it is not the first film to do so , merely one of the duller . All is schematic in the extreme .
What 's that you 're saying ? You really do n't want to see Jane Fonda in twirly Grateful Dead skirts and dreadful ethnic earrings , urging the younger folk to get in touch with their inner Alex Comfort ? Neither did I.
Fonda 's clever casting and good-humored performance ca n't save this clunky , obvious mess - ludicrous from its contrived premise on . A waste of Beresford and the actors .
Everyone wants to take a load off , Annie , but it 's easier said than done .
Everything is so on-the-nose that this film turns into the place where subtlety goes to die . . rehashed generation-gap humor , with a shortage of jokes that actually work .
How much you forgive this depends on your tolerance for tie-dye , Jane Fonda , senior citizens who never outgrew their '60s idealism and the Grateful Dead
This musty comedy makes its chosen location look like a place that exists only to heal refugees from the city , and provide answers for life 's problems .
`` Peace , Love & Misunderstanding '' is an undemanding formula picture that 's a lot of superficial fun and not much more .
Let 's hear it for the giant wig of Pre-Raphaelite gray corkscrews planted on the noggin of Jane Fonda as a glamorous hippie grandma .
Peace , Love and Misunderstanding often plays like a remake of Georgia Rule with the political polarities reversed .
Squanders the abilities of these usually fearless , formidable actresses with material that 's entirely predictable and a high sap factor that belongs in a made-for-cable production .
This film by director Bruce Beresford -LRB- Driving Miss Daisy -RRB- is a formulaic , multi-generational story about a New York City lawyer on the verge of divorce who goes home to Mama , a pot-smoking denizen of Woodstock .
Only the mighty Fonda cuts through the claptrap ; the rest is just a long , predictable trip .
An incompetently structured film that pits hippies against squares with the usual wearying results .
Story of a mother-daughter reunion and its transformative impact on both women ; another triumph from veteran Australian director Bruce Beresford .
What saves the film from being simply a schematic mother-daughter reconciliation drama is both the reluctance and prickliness that Catherine Keener brings to her character .
Jane Fonda as a hippie grandmother is the reason to see this comedy .
An often oppressively by-the-numbers comedy ...
The saving grace to the utter predictability in Christina Mengert and Joseph Muszynski 's screenplay is reasonably personable characters and spirited acting by director Bruce Beresford 's cast .
With a weaker cast , this predictable feel-good item might 've gone the Lifetime route , but there 's no denying its B.O. potential with a force-of-nature central perf by Jane Fonda .

@highlight

Peace , Love , & Misunderstanding produces many unintentional laughs with its absurdly contrived plot and cheery insistence that everything is just super .