More risible than poetic
The Promise is an over-wrought and laughably goofy film , an empty and pale imitation of the far better films that have gone on before it .
Faustian bargain with a goddess . Huge armies march . Men out-race the wind . Assassins make devious plots . Spectacular scenes generated largely in computers .
Medieval Chinese legend , along with myths of the new market economy .
A queer camp classic .
A fairy tale for adults that allows the viewer to inhabit an entirely different world , and in doing so , becomes an exercise of the imagination .
Beautiful but slight .
Has been criticized by some reviewers for its low-tech special effects . Curiously , I found this technical transparency part of the film 's enormous charm .
An epic fantasy that tries to outdo Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon but does n't touch us emotionally .
Chen Kaige may seriously think he 's creating film art in his empty Promise , but he 's best at slinging bull , lots of them .
if you can plant your tongue in your cheek and accept the exuberant goofiness of the special effects , `` The Promise '' actually turns out to be a decently entertaining slash-and-kick flick .
Just about everything is choppy .
Dazzling if not always coherent .
This is n't nearly as good as it claims to be .
Confused and cartoonish
The finale -LSB- is -RSB- literally a deus ex machina , which will thrill classic-lit majors but leave everyone else feel cheated .
Flimsy , fake-looking weaponry , bad wigs , grandiose scoring , overacting , simplistic dialogue , illogically elaborate staging , and a plot that goes out of its way to be predictable ...
Chen Kaige clearly intended this Chinese fantasy-action spectacle to top Zhang Yimou 's Hero , and I must admit that I prefer it to the earlier movie .
The Promise is too full of frenetic disconnection and arbitrary comings and goings to connect meaningfully with the hearts and minds of its audience .
Chen 's tale of mythic chivalry is filled with beautifully designed sets , lovingly detailed costumes and elaborate martial-arts sequences . Unfortunately , it also sports amateurish digital effects that often mar the beauty of this world .
With The Promise Chen Kaige has proven enough of a professional that he can make the product . But he remains too much of an artist not to scribble on his signature .
Chen 's strength seems to be more with character-driven stories ; here 's hoping that his next film returns to more comfortable ground .
Laden with a plot that could generously be called silly or , less forgivingly , stupid , it never achieves lift-off despite numerous scenes of warriors doing battle in midair .
Everyone is a maximal design statement plugged into volatile action and pretty scenery , but it might be the deluxe origami folding of a silk diaper , its myth-telling so primal as to seem childish .
It 's another intriguing entry in the sometimes wacky , often wonderful world of kung-fu fantasy .
It 's a colorful , kaleidoscopic film , but it 's also far too obvious that the actors are standing in front of green screens .
Gorgeous costumes , elaborate fights and the illusion of swooning romance do n't amount to very much if you do n't care about any of the characters for a single second .
Simply in terms of its visual poetry , the exhilarating effects of image upon image of dazzling impossibility , The Promise is not to be missed .
The Promise is sumptuous and beautiful and as silly as a sack of nose glasses .
-LSB- The film elicits -RSB- the wide-eyed joy of seeing hundreds of soldiers ride through sets of colossal extravagance . And the sweet release of , briefly , suspending all holds on reality or even logic -- and surrendering to the joys of a fairy tale .
The Promise employs laughable computer effects and second-rate martial-arts fighting to tell the hard-to-figure story of a princess and her three lovers .
There 's a studied artificiality and painterliness about the backgrounds that works nicely with a story that 's about as far from realism as you can get . For many that will be enough . For the rest of us , The Promise slowly slides into an exercise .
Overwrought and hokey .
Fish got ta fly , birds got ta swim , and arthouse directors got ta try their hands at mega-budget action films .
As is evident by the film 's strong start and faltering finale , the trouble with any promise is failing to keep it .
In the midst of such unrelenting splendour , it 's easy to nod gratefully -- and then to nod off .
The utter excess of it all -- from gloriously bad wigs to obviously CGI-enhanced action scenes -- is entertaining in all the wrong ways .
Much of The Promise resembles a Cirque du Soleil extravaganza , which makes it tough to take seriously .
Perhaps the least-satisfying of the many martial-arts/costume dramas that have followed in the wake of Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon .
The Promise is one of those movies in which the individual sequences seem to surpass the overall achievement .
It 's impossible not to be bowled over by the magnificent costumes , the atmospheric otherworldly sets and the lush cinematography . The tragic , nearly operatic love is n't nearly as impressive .
Oddly , The Promise -- which takes place hundreds , even thousands , of years ago , when art directors ruled the earth -- is flagrantly otherworldly but in a way that somehow weighs the picture down .
-LSB- Chen Kaige -RSB- reaches for big ideas about destiny and free will , but those remain philosophical abstractions . -LRB- And by the end , the film contradicts itself . -RRB-
One can only hope that Chen takes this as a learning experience and returns to the kind of artistry with which he first forged his very deserved reputation .
It suggests that talented Chinese directors are being led astray by the seductions of CGI and wirework fantasies .
A mess of a movie .
There is no emotional investment here , no connection to any of the characters or to their plight , the weight of it all lost somewhere inside the visual panoply the director works overtime to achieve .
In this era of obsessive and globally connected cult cinema fans , it 's foolish to give the movie 's core target audience an excuse to skip the theatrical experience for the more ` authentic ' home edition available uncut on import DVD .
It is such a catastrophic failure that it is amazing to consider it was ever allowed out of China and into the global cinemas .
While the visuals are often quite beautiful , the film is structurally identical to most other popular Chinese epics which , in my mind , have become the East Asian equivalent of Bollywood Cinema -- trash that looks like art to the average viewer .
It 's not a bad movie by any means ; it just fails to be as great as its individual components would suggest .
It 's not exactly high art , nor is it zippy fun , but it definitely has something , a lack of pretentiousness perhaps ?
barely delivers the goods necessary for the genre
If you are partial to exquisitely filmed movies , you will absolutely not want to miss this one .
Ultimately , it 's just another version of material we 've seen before .
Fans of newer Asian martial-arts movies will be satisfied with The Promise , especially because it contains the aerial wirework and swordplay expected of such movies . But the film is not as accomplished as the work of Ang Lee or Yimou Zhang .
The Promise is far too convoluted , jarringly shifting from fantasy to comedy to tragic romance to war epic without warning , never settling in one place .
... a storybook myth of tall tales and tragic sacrifices driven at a breathless pace .
A lavish spectacle somewhere between grand opera and cartoon about a love triangle involving a general , a slave and a cursed princess .
The producers should have allocated part of their huge budget for a couple of script polishes .
A princess with a curse , a case of mistaken identity and some of the worst special effects in a film by a world-class director .
The over-the-top acting is forgivable , but the plot 's incoherence is not .
Chen Kaige 's fall from cinematic grace is writ large across his latest epic film , the failed martial-arts romantic drama The Promise .
The Promise has gorgeous visuals -LRB- in these movies , the cherry trees are always in bloom -RRB- . But it 's marred by stuttery storytelling and cruddy special effects .
The characters are written with needed depth , but Kaige ca n't make them pop off the screen in the same manner as his ballistic action sequences .
The Promise naturally expresses its mythic qualities through stunning visuals , breathtaking costuming , and a great deal of action , and it adds in Kaige 's Ridley Scott-like fondness for vistas full of floating , drifting objects , from feathers to flo
I ca n't imagine Road Runner was what Chen had in mind for the most expensive movie ever made in China ...
A messy fairy tale that speaks to tainted ambition and destiny .
Like cinematic cotton candy , the picture is pleasant enough in the viewing but ultimately pretty wispy and ephemeral .
You ca n't help wondering how the same Fifth Gen filmmaker who made Yellow Earth and Life on a String could 've fallen on such hard times , or justified such goofiness to himself .
A heady blend of swordplay , somersaults , fairy-tale romance , and computer-generated whoosh .
Pilfers as many elements from House of Flying Daggers as copyrights will permit .
... has an excellent cast , wonderful visuals , and some great concepts -- all of which are severely compromised by special-effects scenes that are unintentionally risible .
That Chen is able to somewhat collect himself and the film toward the end just highlights how potentially great the film could have been .
It 's a knockout that works on many levels .
Poor CG effects reduce Chen Kaige 's martial fantasy to cartoonishness .
Even in fantasy , an internal logic must apply .
The story it tells , measured strictly in terms of emotional power and overall fun , is as moving and pleasurable as any matinee item by Ford , Hawks or Raoul Walsh .

@highlight

An incoherent plot and ridiculously obvious CGI effects doom this effort from the usually outstanding Chinese director Chen Kaige .