As with watching a car crash , audiences will find it hard to take their eyes off Schumacher 's attempt to make a thriller about the futility of materialism and infidelity .
It gets increasingly worse as it progresses , heightened by terrible acting all around and a poor script .
Do n't spend thirteen bucks on Trespass unless you 're running from the cops and you need a place to hide , wait for it to hit VOD .
It 's so routine that it 's as if Joel Schumacher showed his final cut to producer Avi Lerner and said , `` Avi , look , I put together a thing ! '' `` You mean you finished the movie ? '' `` No , it 's not a movie , it 's a thing .
Starting with writer Karl Gajdusek 's inane screenplay , the film is a hodgepodge of clichés that gets worse and worse as it goes along . So bad it 's almost wonderful , this is one motion picture that almost needs to be seen to be believed .
ektos apo trypes , aythairesies , kai amhxanes prospatheies sygkalypshs dolofonikwn nekrwn xronwn , pasxei thlibera sto basiko dramatiko ths aksona
People have been strung up for lesser crimes than this ...
Cloth-eared dialogue saps the tension , while the plot twists with the likelihood of a Brett Ratner rehearsal session . Leave your disbelief at the door .
The plot is overly complex and the tension frequently abated by the introduction of unnecessary flashbacks .
Someone should have told writer Karl Gajdusek that if you 're going to pilfer it 's best to take the gems , rather than filling your movie with stuff you found in the drawer marked `` clichés '' .
Cage performs with the conviction that comes from a long experience in bad movies . But Kidman seems totally uninterested .
Laughably bad thriller that teeters on the edge of so-bad-it 's - good territory , thanks to pointlessly flashy direction , a dreadful script , a ridiculous plot and some reliably bonkers over-acting from Nicolas Cage .
Trespass is a crime , and so is this movie .
It 's the worst Nicolas Cage film ever . Which is saying something .
The opening 20 minutes are enjoyable enough , but then pure lameness causes the whole thing to come to pieces .
The script has `` insert clompingly stupid backstory '' written into every speech .
Yes , it 's a mess .
As terrible movies go , it 's not unentertaining - once you surrender to its trashmeister idiocy .
A thunderously stupid home invasion thriller about a diamond dealer who has a wall-safe with the password ` diamond . ' Yes , seriously .
... a missed opportunity of distressing proportions ...
Why Does Nick Cage do these films ?
Trust me , a little of this numbing picture goes a long way -- it 's only a matter of minutes before the viewer feels like a hostage too .
85 % material that 's been lifted from Hostage , Panic Room , whatever , and 15 % plain old stupid .
Looks like it has the nugget of a good idea that could have led to a good movie , but this is n't it .
I never thought I 'd say this about a Joel Schumacher project , but this thing could use some neon .
An overheated mess , a thriller with no thrills that allows everyone involved to play up their worst tendencies .
It 's sloppy and obvious , with curves so un-serpentine they might as well be straightaways
As things fall apart , the bellowing starts and Trespass turns into a repetitive cycle of characters being dragged around at gunpoint and occasionally beaten , it grows numbing and difficult to invest in the fate of anyone on-screen .
unbearably bad
I wished a bottle would roll by so I could stick an S.O.S. in it .
Is `` Trespass '' the moment when we give up , and accept the path Nic Cage has chosen for himself ? Or should we just keep averting our eyes , until he 's done cashing easy checks ?
A thriller where the rich prove their survival skills in a clash with thieves who invade their luxurious home .
-LSB- A -RSB- putrefying piece of genre junk .
It 's movies like this that make the star-rating system inadequate to really explain how much pleasure there can be in 90 minutes of bad cinema .
Sprinkle on a helping of the aforementioned Crazed Cage , and you have a pretty delicious little snack to stave off your hunger until the holiday movie season buffet arrives .
Nothing about Trespass works .
Schumacher makes it all look good - he ca n't help himself - but somehow that just makes it nastier .
It 's a terribly funny movie , and it 's clear the humor that rises out of Karl Gajdusek 's screenplay is unintentional .
If , by the time characters resort to nail guns and gasoline cans to confront the villains , you 're not laughing uncontrollably ... you might be charged with having no sense of humor .
It 's a strange variety of entertainment that hooks you throughout and then leaves you nothing but glad that it 's over .
A belabored , often laughable melee of sound , fury and unnecessarily frenzied cinematography in which everyone yells , screams and threatens while any sense of dread quickly drains away .
In the end , `` Trespass '' steps all over its own genre strengths .
You wonder what on earth inspired Cage and Kidman to sign on for this dreck , as you ponder how long Schumacher can possibly string this out .
Can someone explain what Nicolas Cage and Nicole Kidman are doing in a chaotic and sadistic home-invasion thriller , shot in digital colors so radioactive they appear to have leaked out of the Fukushima nuclear plant ?
One of those movies that an audience knows is terrible the minute it starts .
Look , I do n't want to be mean , but you 've got people in this movie who ca n't move their upper lips . It 's bizarre .
An astoundingly senseless thriller featuring Nicolas Cage , Nicole Kidman , and a band of masked goons . -LRB- The word thriller is used very loosely . -RRB-
The way -LSB- Nicolas Cage -RSB- chews into the hysterically overwrought dialogue qualifies as a guilty pleasure in its own right .
When he 's not yelling , Cage for some reason speaks as if he has peanut butter in his mouth , which is hilarious even when he 's not talking about the etymology of the word ` diamond . '
Trespass begins loopy and mounts in craziness until it 's frothing-at-the-mouth insane .
A home invasion thriller that may set a record for the number of times the characters point loaded pistols at one another 's heads .
Reeks of desperation , of careers in free-fall and of a movie company shoveling product out the door like so much manure . Even at 85 minutes , it feels interminable .
With such talent at work , one might figure it would be a halfway decent movie . Well , think again .
Generic but effective home-invasion thriller .
Trespass is still something of a dog ...
Addled by uninspired dialogue and hammy plot twists , it could have used some anti-corporate demonstrators looking for economic parity to add interest .
Something odd is happening to Mr. Cage 's face . His skin is yellow , his cheeks are swollen , and his head is too big for his body .
Trespass is assembly-line product through and through -- unabashedly mediocre and instantly forgettable . A Joel Schumacher joint , in other words .
First-time screenwriter Karl Gajdusek 's attempts at making timely observations about the dangers of living beyond one 's means are drowned out by the howlers coming out of the characters ' mouths .
I forgive Nicolas Cage his trespasses -LRB- and Trespass -RRB- .
Intense yet atrocious wannabe thriller with ludicrous , laughable dialogue
Some are labeling Trespass a B movie , but that 's hardly the tone that comes across .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Joel Schumacher continues on his career-long habit of hits and misses with a home invasion suspense thriller that signifies yet another dip .
The film is fairly typical of the genre .
Schumacher directs like he 's on amyl nitrite , flinging the camera around the rooms of his gargantuan set to establish a tone of frantic tension .
Though hardly indispensable , Trespass is an agreeable time-waster distinguished by one good performance and enough clever twists to keep you , if not on the edge of your seat , at least happily alert , guessing along with the plot .
It simply aims to keep us on the proverbial seat edge , and it mostly succeeds , even if Gajdusek 's twist-filled script has more turnovers than a closely fought football game .
Hokum that belongs on DVD rather than in theaters . A sad comedown for Cage , Kidman , and Schumacher .
Trespass gets a little too campy , offers nothing in the way of subtext and ultimately leaves you a little unfulfilled-but frankly , it 's fun that delivers on the promises of its premise .
While working entirely within genre conventions and expectations , scripter Karl Gajdusek nonetheless manages to spring a few surprises while revealing character motivations , often suggesting that nothing , not even flashbacks , should be taken at face value .
` Trespass ' is a pointless movie that does nothing to further the home invasion subgenre .
A home-invasion flick that grabs viewers by the throat and only stops squeezing long enough to wipe sweat from its palms ...


@highlight

Another claustrophobic thriller that Joel Schumacher can churn out in his sleep , Trespass is nasty and aggressive , more unpleasant than entertaining .