Intense , deep and dark .
TDKR is , like the Batman films that have preceded it , an ideological muddle , but none has been so completely devoid of intellectual clarity .
-LSB- The Joker -RSB- was to become cinema 's poster boy for international terror , with Batman 's extra-legal responses - vigilante violence , external rendition , torture and mass surveillance - darkly reflecting Bush 's America caught in its own moral compromise .
The Dark Knight Rises not only ends on a perfect note but it also , as a whole , rounds off the trilogy beautifully .
The depth of feeling he brings to The Dark Knight Rises raises the bar yet again .
Maybe it 's time to imagine some different fictions for a change , stories with a bit more humanity and a bit less carnage . And maybe the moon will fall out of the sky .
... it 's still better than many movies , especially blockbuster types , but ... It 's just not one I feel compelled to make people see , like I did with The Dark Knight .
The Dark Knight Rises is the taut and satisfying finale to a beastly franchise that not only proposed new interpretations of a beloved tale , but it also re-engineered what we imagine a superhero movie to be .
The Dark Knight Rises is good enough though the storyline seems thin , a little better than a retread , and the special effects tinny .
Begins ' grounded comic-inspired origin tale and Dark Knight 's masterfully brazen crime saga are closed off with a convoluted but intriguing societal revolution epic .
The Dark Knight Rises may not reach the heights of its predecessor , but it is a worthy , epic conclusion to a trilogy that has raised the bar for an entire genre .
` The Dark Knight Rises ' tries to be very dark and serious . The problem is , that rubber-headed costume just looks sort of , well , comical , when things get too realistic .
Nolan somehow never loses control - this is an accomplished and tremendously confident filmmaker , both in the execution of his thrilling chases and action beats , and in his manipulation of the complicated , multi-faceted narrative .
The Dark Knight Rises , awaited by the whole world as if it were the coming of a messiah , delivers on its promise as a mega-entertainment , but it 's less dark , and with uncharacteristic inelegance along the way .
Nothing here compares to the spastic , crackling electricity of the interrogation scene between Batman and the Joker in `` The Dark Knight . ''
By the thrilling ... Nolan satiates his taste for the big action set piece , but all is grounded in an intricately woven world of fierce loyalty and even more fierce enmity .
You should consider the overall brilliance of Nolan 's series of `` Dark Knight '' films and wonder whether the next filmmaker willing to take on the caped crusader 's story is batty .
Lacking a central figure as dazzling as Heath Ledger 's Joker , The Dark Knight Rises is not as strong as its predecessor , but it 's still a doozy . Um , a violent , grim , nightmarish doozy .
My issues with it are few and did n't detract from my love for this film , which I believe you 're going to love , too .
The Dark Knight Rises succeeds because it 's rooted in real-world experiences and fears .
Intense action and emotion make for gripping viewing and along with a dash of playfulness that occasionally lifts the dark mood it feels like the comic book hero has been rightly adapted for our times .
It 's a film with so much it wants to say that the words sometimes collide .
Nolan has become hooked on the grandiose , at times even the biblical . For anyone who admired the witty playfulness of his early films , it 's a dark night indeed .
I respected The Dark Knight Rises ; I did n't quite love it .
The original creator Bob Kane , who was given the task of creating a real world superhero to counter Superman , would have been immensely proud of this film . Because this is as real as it gets ... and then some .
Although often absorbing and on par with the quality of spectacle we expect from the franchise Rises proves that its predecessor is a film nearly impossible to follow .
Maybe not quite up to the standard of the first two in the series , but deserving of a very honourable mention .
The Bat-brigade as well as Christopher Nolan zealots will doubtless go batty over The Dark Knight Rises .
You end up wanting more .
As befits the saga 's engagement with the economics of Gotham City , a great deal of topical material floats about here , insufficiently digested .
The Dark Knight Rises is an intense and brutal viewing experience , easily the most emotionally exhausting of the three films .
A sprawling mess that basically reboots itself and starts all over again roughly halfway through its ludicrous 164-minute running time .
Cold , bleak and brutal , it 's easily the moviegoing spectacle of the year .
The pleasure , however preposterous , is in Nolan 's dedication -- creating , maintaining , and to an extent defending a universe in which people still take this stuff very seriously .
If there were ever doubts about Christopher Nolan and his ability as a filmmaker , he puts all things to rest and declares himself one of the most innovative and visionary directors working today .
There 's no contest . The Dark Knight Rises , which opens next week , is the most hotly anticipated movie of the summer . And yes , it lives up to the hype .
I was surprised at just how much of a great , thrilling time I had . It 's a film that genuinely earns its stripes as a grand , epic work of cinema .
-LSB- This -RSB- wrap-up wraps up few of the threads in the first two films , and that the climactic cliff-hangers are nothing special -LRB- as well as flabbily edited -RRB- .
No villain could come close to matching Ledger 's inspired Joker , but give Hardy credit for supplying Bane with plenty of conviction and gravitas in a movie that , frankly , is less about actors than knockout set pieces captured in eyeball-popping spectacles .
Caps off the trilogy with passion and dignity , if not always with slam-bang entertainment . Whoever directs the reboot in five years will have a lot to live up to .
The movie 's two hours and 44 minutes long but never drags , and it has at least five separate action set pieces that will drop your jaw , particularly if you see it in IMAX .
The Dark Knight Rises captures the spirit -- and cultural anxieties -- of the times .
The final installment in Christopher Nolan 's pitch-black trilogy manages to be both relevant and topical while slavishly adhering to the stodgy tropes of the genre .
Gloom never looked as good as it does in the mesmerizing `` The Dark Knight Rises . ''
Even with its flaws , The Dark Knight Rises is a solid film . It just fails to live up to the magnificent legacy created by the first two movies in the trilogy . To be fair , they were incredibly hard acts to follow .
Every facet of this impressive piece reaffirms the same thematic gristle as it forces the viewer to chew on the notion of personal responsibility .
The Dark Knight Rises is all about risks , and there are payoffs and failures to go with it .
This is a solid film , taking itself seriously and asking that we do the same .
It 's not un-entertaining . Exhausting , a bit , but not un-entertaining .
An ambitious , honourable and satisfying conclusion to this genre-defining trilogy .
The Dark Knight Rises directly counters the arguments made against The Dark Knight . Maybe , sometimes , it is better to leave the demons unvanquished .
Technically , The Dark Knight Rises is a thick leatherbound volume with gilded pages , though flipping through it yields a story about a big bad bald man doing eeevil things until a vigilante with pointy ears comes to the rescue .
Weighed down by portentousness and momentousness . The overall story remains a bit muddled . A better trilogy-capper than a movie in its own right .
There 's plenty of action , intrigue , special effects , and high-tech gadgets to maintain our attention at least in spurts .
There 's enough that works in The Dark Knight Rises that I can overlook most of the more glaring flaws , but it remains to date the most disappointing film I 've seen from 2012 .
Nolan keeps things dark and dangerous
Doubtless flawed and arguably overlong , it 's nonetheless a personal and heartfelt ode from the director to the greatest comic-book character ever committed to paper -- and now film .
Nolan 's finale is n't perfect , and may not be the greatest installment of the trilogy , but it solidifies this three-part tale of the Batman legend as one of the best ever told .
... if Gotham falls , so does Bruce Wayne . Rarely , in film , have we understood and sympathised with a hero 's mission as much as Bruce 's .
The Dark Knight Rises succeeds in surpassing 2008 's ` The Dark Knight ' to become the best of his three films . Whether that will be enough to secure his Best Picture Oscar is frankly irrelevant - because what matters is that this is Batman 's best picture .
The bold , visionary film jolts us with its sense of scope , scale and social outrage that sometimes suggests novels by Charles Dickens and Victor Hugo .
The Dark Knight Rises is the film event of the summer . A completely satisfying piece of filmmaking that delivers so much more , making for an excellent sign off for one of cinema 's finest trilogies .
-LSB- It -RSB- may be the weakest film in the trilogy , but it is still a satisfactory and exciting conclusion to what has been the greatest treatment of any superhero in film history .
Every shred of wit , mystery and humanity is pummeled out , leaving only a bullish mishmash of zeitgeisty anxiety
Disconnected significantly from the flow of logic between the first and second installments of Christopher Nolan 's `` Batman '' films , `` The Dark Knight Rises '' is a disjointed mess .
Nolan again transforms Bob Kane 's classic DC Comics creation into a superhero for our times , flawed but fighting against supervillains and also the decay and corruption that created them .
Manages to mitigate its slew of shortcomings with a cinematically-administered , turbo-charged dose of adrenaline in the form of its sublimely symphonic finale .
Contains images destined to become classics of what we might call pretentious popular culture . For example : Batman and Bane , slugging it out on the steps of a neoclassical downtown building , in the midst of a sunlit snowstorm ...
When the credits roll at the end of this overlong action epic , it feels like we 've just turned the final page of an immersive novel
It addresses the darkness in everyday life , acknowledges the pain , and fights back .
A powerful film . A great film . A messy film nonetheless .
The narrative sleight-of-hand aside as a finale it satisfies , even for those of us who were n't enamoured with the previous instalments .
... Nolan 's final Batman film shows the inhabitants of Gotham wrestling with issues of the real world , namely : money , class , and power .
The last act of the film delivers in a shocking way . What comes before it is imperfect , but since we 're talking about Nolan here , it 's still worth seeing , discussing , and then seeing again .
Despite all the quality lavished on-screen , there 's something missing . It 's not just that the pace feels sluggish or the action sequences seem all too familiar . It 's that the film feels hollow at the core .
a canny Obama-era blockbuster , feeding equally into rightwing fears of the unwashed mashes and leftwing anger at the dominance of the much loathed one-percent
A reasonably entertaining late-summer entry in the never-ending parade of youth-market fantasy sequels .
Christopher Nolan ends a near perfect trilogy of dark and intelligent Batman films with a near perfect third leg in a marvelous re-imagining of the Dark Knight ...
The story is dense , overlong , and studded with references that will make sense only to those intimate with Nolan 's previous excursions into Batmanhood .
Perhaps the best way to summarize the movie is to borrow the final line from one of the comics that inspired it : The Dark Knight Rises is a good film . Good enough .
... Nolan thinks small in a big way ... providing an imperfect yet satisfying conclusion , and that in itself is quite an accomplishment .
Christopher Nolan 's Batman saga comes to an end with this engrossing and absolutely spellbinding installment ...
The weakest of Nolan 's three Batmans with offputting politics and a dull villain but its fascinatingly vertical construction and Catwoman save it .
Rises a Satisfying Conclusion to Nolan 's Trilogy .
It gets away from the great Christopher Nolan for a time during the film 's soft middle , but he brings the conclusion to his Batman trilogy home with a bang .
All in all , the gifted -LRB- writer-director Christopher -RRB- Nolan 's latest epic is typically well-constructed -LRB- despite a plot hole here and there -RRB- and beautiful to look at .
Enjoying TDKR requires messiah-like trust in Nolan that he 'll eventually reward us , as long as we do n't get too hung up on all the plot holes and leftover genre tropes .
A bit of a letdown , containing nothing close to the brilliance of the late Heath Ledger 's performance in the previous film , but it does n't glorify nihilism , chaos and anarchy like the previous film did because it 's villains are n't charismatic .
The summer 's most grandiose , grown-up , operatic superhero movie , one that makes others look , in comparison , like kids playing around in action-figure pajamas .
A fantastic conclusion even if a bit bloated .
Demonstra que um longa baseado em super-heróis pode ser adulto , investir no realismo e representar um passatempo escapista sem , com isso , desrespeitar a inteligência de seu público .
Nolan 's final Batman film delivers grand excitement , grounded performances and the kind of conservative themes rarely embraced in blockbuster films .
Complex and comprehensive , beautiful if bloated , is nonetheless superlative filmmaking and even though over 160 minutes manages to rivet the senses in every frame .
The Bane voice drove me crazy , but I still liked it .
In his last adventure under Christopher Nolan 's guidance , the Dark Knight never quite rises to the occasion .
If Nolan has accomplished nothing else here , he has made one of the more human movies of this type .
A joyless , bitter epic without a hint of exhilaration .
Ties up all the loose ends and gives a proper sendoff to Nolan 's `` Batman '' trilogy .
The belief that one man can become a symbol for something greater will continue to drive people to this trilogy for years to come .
Once Batman finally gets back to action , with the audience 's dander by that time primed to the max , the film explodes in scene after dazzling scene of air to street attacks and counter attacks .
... Hans Zimmer 's ever-present music and fine perfomances by Hathaway , Caine , and Cotillard keep the tension high throughout its almost 3 hour runtime .
Nolan and Bale have indicated that they 'll be having no further visitations in the batcave , but that does n't mean the franchise is over . There 's a clue in this movie that suggests the next sequel . Read about it here .
The intimate symbiosis between the loosely defined concepts of good and evil is a vital element in Batman lore and something that Christopher Nolan understands very well .
Nolan has turned a preposterous character back into a grave myth , the story of a tortured saviour , reluctantly giving his all .
Faced with the Curse of the Threes - the ancient jinx that sabotages quality control in the final chapter of any big screen superhero trilogy , Christopher Nolan arms himself with the power of myth .
Despite some curiously scathing comment on the Occupy movement , Nolan 's third and last Batman is an exhilarating , epic finale , with a series-best performance from Bale .
Never-ending Tension
The film has more action , more special effects , and more mystical philosophy than THE DARK KNIGHT , but less intelligence .
While `` The Dark Knight Rises '' is much better than most third entries , it 's still flabby and convoluted .
The Dark Knight Rises has an intelligence , epic thrust and visual grandeur ...
As uneven as the plot is at times , Nolan commendably retains the Batman 's beating black heart in TDKR , with lead characters ever challenging our perceptions ... to keep things fresh .
Nolan 's dour realism has turned the Batman experience into something like a sexless Eyes Wide Shut party .
The degree of difficulty involved in balancing on that many knives ' edges overlooking potential disaster is high , yet by the time the credits roll , there it is : Nolan sticks the landing .
Anne Hathaway provides The Dark Knight Rises with most of its levity ; the rest of the time , this brooding , bruising movie is content building its reputation as a black beauty .
Fueled by a diet of oxygen garnished with hydrogen , Anne Hathaway slices through bad guys like paper through rock and scissors . ` Wilst thou grant me one Tic Tac , O grumbling gut ! '
Tom Hardy can apparently do more with only 20 % of his face than most people can do with all of their face .
Relies on eye-opening spectacular action sequences throughout to provide the thrills .
A massive film with a forceful thematic grip , it might actually qualify as three sequels for the price of one .
One hell of an ambitious , provocative , epic picture .
Christopher Nolan ca n't direct an exciting action scene to save his life . He 's no Michael Bay ! You have to admire the scope of his vision even if it does have major flaws . There was n't enough of Batman being , you know , Batman in this .
` The legend ends ' makes for a most inaccurate tag line for the film , for this ambitious , largely satisfying wrap-up only further ensures that Nolan 's legendary achievement with this three-film cycle will long live on .
Pour one part Michael Bay -LRB- eye candy -RRB- plus another part Quentin Tarantino -LRB- rich writing -RRB- and the resulting mutation is Christopher Nolan and his near-perfect Batman conclusion to one of the greatest trilogies of all time .
Topping the genre-changing achievements of Batman Begins -LRB- 2005 -RRB- and The Dark Knight -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , director Christopher Nolan here delivers a serious spectacle , a blockbuster with brains , an action movie for adults .
Satisfying without being more than slightly breathtaking , a hugely appealling broad-strokes action movie that nevertheless feels that , given everything , it should have a bit ... more .
It rises above other sequels and its predecessors .
This is an amazingly brave piece of filmmaking , in that it stares directly into the abyss - and then pulls out one hell of a satisfying ending .
Exciting , audacious and thematically rich ; Christopher Nolan refuses to play safe .
There was an opportunity here for Nolan to show us another way , to -LRB- again -RRB- stretch the boundaries of what is possible in a superhero film . Instead , alas , the latter half of The Dark Knight Rises retreats toward conventionality .
It gets lost in the labyrinth of its own ethical questions . ... That 's not to say there are n't plenty of staggeringly awesome moments .
You just have to MARVEL at how Nolan interweaves his characters . And , unlike the second film , I found the last 45 minutes of `` The Dark Knight Rises '' to be the strongest act . The twists , turns and reveals are first-rate .
It 's a good movie , and taken against the slate of dozens of comic book movies over the decades , it 's a fine effort . But compared to its superior predecessor , it underwhelms .
... it is a superhero movie , after all , and will be enjoyed by that wide audience . The shame is that the promise of the last film was that a superhero film could rise above its expectations and `` Dark Knight '' rises but not to the top .
With a couple of spectacular plot twists , and several crowd-pleasing nods to his previous Batman films , Nolan delivers an elegant farewell .
Though the canvass is bigger , the cast more assured and the action pieces more impressive - The Joker 's embrace of violence and chaos cut closer to the bone . Nothing here feels as spontaneous or as dangerous as Ledger 's lip-smacking performance .
One of the best marriages we 've ever seen between the art of superhero storytelling and the `` evil '' of large-scale commerce .
Nolan has given a fitting , although long-winded at times , powerful and satisfying ending to the greatest comic book movie franchise thus far .
It 's like nobody in Gotham City ever saw Die Hard .
Fans of the series might be satisfied with what they find in the movie , but that does n't mean that there are n't valid criticisms to be found in this lofty , yet meandering third outing .
1 -RRB- It is n't as good as the first two . 2 -RRB- It 's still pretty good . 3 -RRB- Do n't beat me .
The Dark Knight Rises joins the long list of finales that do n't measure up to what 's gone immediately before . But that does n't mean it 'll be any easier of an act to follow .
I 'm not arguing that Rises should be Singin ' in the Rain . But its Wagnerian ambitions are not matched by its material . It has n't earned its darkness .
Everything I hoped it would be and more ...
It will be hard for any future version of Batman , or any superhero movie for that matter , to fully escape the shadow cast by these three films . All that 's left to do is stand and applaud .
Hollywood always bets on the audience 's willingness to settle for less than they deserve .
`` The Dark Knight Rises '' is overflowing with action , passionate performances , and is just completely and totally engrossing from beginning to end . Some are calling it a masterpiece , but it does n't obtain the same level of brilliance its predecessor did .
Could 've been titled ` Inception : Gotham City Edition . ' About 90 minutes is near genius , the rest is useless . An endurable two hours and forty-five minutes , but I would never sit through it again - unless I could fast-forward to Catwoman 's scenes .
Groping for shape and substance in the long shadow of The Dark Knight , this movie is an unexpected disappointment .
A thorny thicket redeemed by its willingness to at least highlight big problems . A film for our times , then .
The Dark Knight Rises should satisfy ardent fans of the previous two instalments while delivering all of the slam-bang thrills required of a summer blockbuster .
There 's no doubt that fans of the legendary Nolan trilogy will find a finale that satisfies .
Featuring complex characters and a densely orchestrated , escalating series of menacing events , it 's a grand-slam finale .
It 's this series ' version of The Matrix Revolutions , The Godfather Part III or Caddyshack 2 .
The Dark Knight Rises is by far the worst of the trilogy and surprising in its ineptitude . Lifeless and overlong , one ca n't make many excuses for this dull , empty , unfocused mess that is a sad end to what was a wonderful ride .
Hathaway puts in the performance of her career as the movie builds to a mind blowing crescendo .
A phenomenal piece of film-making by a director at the top of his game and a spectacular and emotional end to the trilogy .
Nolan 's final chapter is flawed , incoherent and self-serious , all of which are inherent traits to the entire series . Other traits shared with the series are the bouts of wit , sweeping performances , epic scope and rousing spectacle .
The Dark Knight Rises remains a fascinating film , albeit one that suffers from an excess of ambition and deficiency in unifying its objectives with clarity .
Though ` The Dark Knight ' may be the better , shrewder film , its sequel improbably turns out to be more personal
The Dark Knight Rises is arguably Christopher Nolan 's weakest movie , but let 's put that in perspective : it 's still better than the best Transformers movie .
A beautifully made , often dazzling melodrama that features very occasional appearances from some bloke in Kevlar fetish-wear .
The biggest surprise may just be how satisfying Nolan has made his farewell to a Dark Knight trilogy that many fans will wish he 'd extend to a 10-part series , at least .
Others will see it differently , but for me this is a disappointingly clunky and bombastic conclusion to a superior series -- Nolan 's biggest and worst movie to date .
In The Dark Knight Rises , one character talks about revenge and a slow knife that is patient for satisfaction . That describes Nolan as well .
Bale 's final Batman is as gritty and dark as the first two .
A frequently , unnervingly glorious triumph of brawn over brains .
What flaws The Dark Knight Rises has are few and far between , with most of it hitting just the right note as it prances between the darkest depths and the most hopeful highs like a cat on a hot tin roof .
The director and cowriter/brother Jonathan Nolan pay heed to Wayne 's wounded emotional arc . And the film is a feat of painstakingly crafted closure .
Nolan , a Brit , has made a comic-book film that doubles as a commentary on contemporary American society .
Furiously paced , full of powerfully staged action and emotional nuance , and performed with great heart by a cast featuring faces both familiar and new .
-LSB- Aside from the fashion and visual -RSB- The Dark Knights Rises is a big , beautiful action adventure with heart and soul .
Nolan 's Batman movies are time capsules of our zeitgeist , and while I hope their nihilism and hopelessness are misplaced , they feel just right .
The film is unreal and irrelevant on every level , lacking even the modest virtues of Nolan 's two previous Batman pictures .
Alternately lugubrious and frantic , crammed with incidental characters , plot threads and expository flashbacks that try to explain a numbingly complicated but ultimately silly story , -LSB- it -RSB- feels every bit of its 164-minute running-time , and then some .
A heavy , chaotic drama on a massive scale that tackles modern issues and concerns .
The production values are brilliant . Camera , costumes , sets , production design and the rest are superior and , with the roller coaster ride Nolan gives us , make the 164-minute film fly by .
A formidable examination of the roles of superheroes in our society and the importance of purpose in life .
Better and certainly deeper than most other superhero pics , but not able to match the brilliance of `` TDK . '' -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Director Christopher Nolan , who wrote the script with brother Jonathan , gets so many of the big things right that I wished they had taken more time with the little ones .
It is a fitting climax to a dazzling trilogy that goes way beyond the comic book sensibilities of its character , creating a larger-than-life , flawed and complex hero who ... continues to battle to save a city and its soul .
The almighty muzzle on Bane 's face mutes his menace and muffles his dialogue . Instead of having the threatening presence of Hannibal Lector and the vocal terror of Darth Vadar , Bane is a big hulking gimp whose many mutterings are mainly incomprehensible
While this level of artistic integrity is rare in Hollywood blockbusters , it does n't always lead to a perfect final product . There is a fine line between epic majesty and self-indulgent bloat and The Dark Knight Rises crosses it at times .
Dark Knight gets an eye-filling send-off . But between muddled plot points , an overlong 2nd act and an underwritten villain , this finale may be strong ... but it turns out that the series ' # 2 was indeed # 1 .
TDKR completes on the great trilogies in movie history .
The epic , unwieldy conclusion to the `` Dark Knight '' trilogy is everything that made its predecessors great but it ca n't rise as high as the bar had been set .
The last 30 seconds of The Dark Knight Rises very nearly had me on my feet cheering . It 's just all the stuff in the middle that needs pruning .
Despite its shortcomings , Nolan 's series puts all other comic book franchises in the shade .
Pompous , oppressive , without humour or humans : a sort of giant plinth for which no one has remembered to make a statue .
Nolan gives us dazzling spectacle and gets great performances from his leads . Bale is even more impressive here than on his last two outings , the best screen Batman by far , and he 's well matched by Hathaway 's sexy and mischievous Catwoman .
It stands alone but is also a bookend to the previous two films , and it expands and supplements the world portrayed in them .
Just a tick below `` The Dark Knight , '' but it 's a thrilling , expertly put-together film that cements Nolan 's place as the preeminent filmmaker working today .
Yes , The Dark Knight Rises . And rises . And rises some more .
Over-written , over-plotted and with a ridiculous villain . Disappointing .
Nolan knows where the good stuff will be mined : big IMAX action scenes juxtaposed with intimate moments of dialogue .
The Dark Knight Rises is underwhelming compared to it 's two predecessor 's yet Nolan still delivers a satisfying conclusion to his epic trilogy ! See it in true 70 mm IMAX !
Dark Knight channeled the nervous energy of a larger cultural movement . Rises swaggers as though it is the larger movement . Whether or not that 's a good thing depends on how highly you rank being a Batman fan among your life goals .
A fitting and satisfying end to the trilogy , thanks to an engaging plot , stunning effects sequences and terrific performances from a superb cast , though the fight scenes are still a little disappointing and key elements are frustratingly underwritten .
The Dark Knight Rises certainly is n't the low note of a Godfather III , but a fitting end to the franchise .
An overwhelming , enthralling climax ... Yet something crucial is missing , a question raised ever more insistently in all three films , and at best left unanswered : Is Gotham City worth saving ?
Christopher Nolan insists on the seriousness of the Batman mythology ; he has thoroughly reinvented it , reauthored it and thought it through , in a way no other director has done with any other summer franchise .
Spoiler alert : `` The Dark Knight Rises '' will earn a billion dollars , be the subject of more master 's theses than `` Citizen Kane '' and win the Academy Award for best picture .
`` The Dark Knight Rises '' is reasonably accomplished as a gigantic superhero movie ; as a meditation on capital and its personal and social discontents , it 's strictly from the funny pages .
The Dark Knight Rises is a brilliant example of a visionary filmmaker leaving his own stamp on a universal story set within the framework of a rock-solid , timeless fantasy franchise .
It is much bigger . But it 's also much colder , much more dour and emptier as it plods its way through a flurry of chaos and silliness .
This could - should - have been a swifter movie , but it sends the Batguy out in style . And let 's face it , he 's earned it .
Even as it pushes toward the three-hour mark , it 's an exhilarating , almost exhausting experience .
Bane comes at Batman with a prodigious force and bloody fury , premised on the fact that he is built to deliver the hero 's punishment and thus his motivation for rising .
... begins like a Bond film , ends much like `` The Avengers '' and has enough story crammed in the middle for about five ordinary films ... Hans Zimmer 's booming , brooding score gives the whole a feeling of ` great consequence '
By completely changing the tone and focus of the film , Nolan smartly makes it nearly impossible to compare Rises to its predecessor .
While acknowledging its flaws intellectually , I was still emotionally thrilled .
the kind of spectacular edge-of-your-seat epic that will have you hooked right from its jaw-dropping opening sequence and dare you to resist the urge to applaud when it 's finished .
Nolan is skirting brave ground applying Batman to what is essentially a 9/11 story , re-framed as an act of domestic terrorism , but he stays on the audience 's side by never treating the terror as sensationalistic ... An extremely satisfying conclusion .
Move over Avengers . This is how you do a superhero movie !
It 's not the ideal note to end on , but it 's still in tune .
I 'm going out on a limb here : I actually think the movie might work well as a dark comedy on subsequent viewings . I certainly laughed at all kinds of ` wrong ' moments , mostly because of Hardy 's outrageous accent .
It 's almost too much to hope for : a summer blockbuster that 's compelling , original , well-crafted and perfectly cast . Yet that is precisely what director and co-writer Christopher Nolan has given us in ` The Dark Knight Rises ' .
At over two hours and forty minutes long , with repeated scenes of bone-crunching violence and a maddeningly unrelenting percussive score by Hans Zimmer , The Dark Knight Rises is something of an ordeal to sit through .
The Dark Knight Rises is without doubt this year 's unmissable summer blockbuster .
Arguably the biggest , darkest , most thrilling and disturbing and utterly balls-out spectacle ever created for the screen .
Production-wise , effects-wise , Nolan 's movie - much of its big action sequences shot with Imax cameras - is spectacular .
It 's overlong , overplotted , but comes together brilliantly in the final moments , sending one of the movies ' darkest franchises out on a rousing note .
A fitting conclusion to an artful trilogy , culminating with satisfying dazzle , despite some notable flaws .
The Dark Knight Rises covers such ground so compellingly that one almost forgets how brilliantly performed and photographed it all is .
For a summer superhero movie The Dark Knight Rises is thrillingly ambitious and serious-minded .
Unforgettable elaborate sequences and tons of characters you 're desperate to spend more time with , but it 's still missing a little something when it comes to evoking emotion .
The best quality of this film is that it shows that `` blockbusters '' do not have to surrender to a bombardment of special effects . They can keep intelligence and humanity . Because of that monumental lesson , this film could become an important classic .
Move over , `` Avengers . '' You guys may be the latest but Batman was the first . And `` The Dark Knight Rises '' is the best !
Not only is it wildly entertaining -- it also has a jarring , intense score by Hans Zimmer , to-die-for sets by Paki Smith , unbelievable cinematography by Wally Pfister , and 11 art directors . All of this combined is why we go to the movies !
I can think of at least four good reasons to plunk down extra cash to see `` The Dark Knight Rises '' on your nearest IMAX screen .
Nolan 's finale gives us the inevitable with generous portions of suspense , surprise and delicious shock .
Its soaring third act does offers an exhilarating ending to a great trilogy . But for much of the bloated two hours that precede it , this Dark Knight does n't rise as much as it flounders and frustrates .
The Dark Knight Rises is a tonally different film that successfully establishes a scenario of complete despair where much of the action seems futile .
Moments are stretched . Every recollection must be illustrated by a flashback . Character motivations shift on a dime , and if you understand even half of what 's going on -- not generally , but specifically -- you 'll be doing better than most .
The Dark Knight Rises ... to the occasion .
It 's the largest in scale of any of Nolan 's Batman movies . The tone felt more like a comic book than any of the rest , and I wanted the darker , reality feel . But it 's a good ride , and it closes out the trilogy well .
The length feels both appropriate and symbolic : Appropriate because this is the conclusion of an epic . And symbolic because , whereas many big movies feel rushed and sloppy , this is one where they took the time to get everything right .
Christopher Nolan , does he tie up the trilogy well ? Damn right he does . He pulls great moments from the source material , gives his own spin and wraps up this trilogy with a bang .
The Dark Knight Rises wraps in satisfying fashion , even if it may take a little while to fully grab you .
A tip of the cap , or should I say of the cape , to a terrific trilogy for the ages !
A satisfying and often breathtaking tale of good and evil .
At a time when Hollywood seems incapable of doing anything that is n't a grand-scale fantasy , Nolan has hijacked the form to bring it down to earth .
This is the best Batman film yet ...
In case you 'd forgotten - and the summer of 2012 has given us much to forget - this is what a superhero movie is supposed to look like .
A sprawling and crazily ambitious epic that builds on the achievement of the previous films instead of merely copying them and takes more genuine risks than any major film of the size and scope than Nolan 's equally audacious `` Inception . ''
` The Dark Knight Rises ' is so unintelligible , both plot-wise and sound-wise , I 'd say nearly a quarter of the dialog was muddled . And if you just want to focus on the lead villain Bane , raise that figure to 75 % .
No one can be in any doubt that Bane is the most menacing comic book baddie ever .
Speaking lines they can not possibly understand , not one actor makes any attempt to be believable . So manufactured and synthetic that they eventually lose all sense of reality , they 're like reconstituted orange juice and processed cheese .
The grave and satisfying finish to Mr. Nolan 's operatic bat-trilogy .
A disturbing experience we live through as much as a film we watch , this dazzling conclusion to director Christopher Nolan 's Batman trilogy is more than an exceptional superhero movie , it is masterful filmmaking by any standard .
Bigger is not necessarily always better , but in some cases , like that of The Dark Knight Rises , it is more than enough .
... a far more conventional narrative arc , not to mention an alarming amount of franchise care .
Epic and exhilarating in its ambition and execution , Christopher Nolan delivers another landmark in comic book cinema and also a wholly satisfying end note for fans .
A keen knowledge of the events of the past films is required , but Nolan skilfully weaves the strands together in spectacular fashion so that the final result leaves you gripped to the seat long after the film has finished .
Nolan is a much better director than the character has had before , and the trilogy fits together as a whole , but this final instalment is flabby , and some might wonder at the sensitivity of its metaphors .
Christopher Nolan 's capper of his Batman trilogy is a summer blockbuster of grand inclinations in both form and content .
Saddled with the impossible expectations surrounding the final chapter in his trilogy of Batman movies , Nolan surprises by one-upping you . He gives you more than you expected .
-LSB- Christopher -RSB- Nolan finishes up the trilogy with one of the best films of 2012 .
While director Christopher Nolan and star Christian Bale 's epic of criminality and all-consuming conviction ultimately falls a bit short , their Batman trilogy ends with a suitably thrilling mix of guts and glory .
-LSB- Nolan -RSB- has made a completely satisfying movie with The Dark Knight Rises , one steeped enough in self-contained mythology to reward hard-core fans while giving less invested viewers a rousing , adroitly executed piece of popcorn entertainment .
Nolan created a nihilist anthem . He dumped Batman gadgetry . Makes every past superhero movie look like a boy 's backyard staging of Star Wars . Bane takes the movie . Nolan plays to Bale 's need to get badly beaten up .
This is a sequel that succeeds , meeting expectations built ridiculously high by fan culture and savvy marketing . In the end , Nolan 's Dark Knight rises to the occasion .
The script , by Nolan and his brother Jonathan , takes a few vague pokes at Wall Street and the financial elite but mainly revives the ponderous psychodrama of the first movie .
The `` Dark Knight Rises '' title applies equally to both hero and villain in this story . This is like a chess game where all the pieces are black .
Far exceeds The Avengers and The Amazing Spider-Man in ambition and wows .
Sizzling performances and large-scale action are outweighed by a clunky script . Dark Knight Rises unleashes tons of ideas , but rarely are any worth caring about .
It 's a masterful end to a truly masterful trilogy .
The third Dark Knight movie once again pits Bruce Wayne/Batman against demons both within and without , raising the emotional stakes without shortchanging viewers who expect spectacular action sequences and creepy villains .
Sometimes people deserve more . Sometimes people deserve to have their faith rewarded . And with The Dark Knight Rises , Nolan 's masterful coda , he has done just that .
For having the guts to swing for the fences , and having the skills to hit it out of the park at least a couple times , I give Nolan major props .
From the towering shots of Gotham City to the exhilarating action set pieces , Nolan has crafted a worthy adversary when it comes to award season .
After a wobbly start , The Dark Knight Rises ascends in grand fashion , offering a respite from the digital murk and rote name-checking of the season 's other comic-book movies .
The film 's poster tagline is more prescient than I am certain it ever intended to be , but it is right ; the Legend has well and truly ended .
What worked beautifully in `` The Dark Knight '' seems overworked and almost ridiculously grim in `` The Dark Knight Rises . ''
An epic and then-some send-off to a character , and a franchise , that made it safe for superheroes to get serious .
Christopher Nolan 's dramatically and emotionally satisfying wrap-up to the Dark Knight trilogy adroitly avoids clichés and gleefully subverts your expectations at every turn .
Too much muchness and a belabored last hour are the Caped Crusader 's biggest foes here , and the script , overall , just is n't as airtight as `` The Dark Knight . '' Does that mean it 's not a good picture , though ? Hardly .
It has the summer 's best effects , the summer 's highest stakes - Gotham City Armageddon - the summer 's sexiest villain and the biggest comic book movie thrills and best comic book movie chills of this cinema season .
An epic final bow
The reveal of this prestigious final act of the Dark Knight Trilogy will make you cry , it will make you cringe , it will give you goosebumps , and it will demand you to stand and applaud .
It 's sprawling but undeniably engaging , not quite the blast of clever mayhem The Dark Knight was , but no slouch either .
The film begins slowly with a murky plot and too many new characters , but builds to a sensational climax .
The Dark Knight Rises has a convoluted plot and struggles to justify its key themes but it 's still worth a look as an epic action flick .
The worst offender here is composer Hans Zimmer , who might as well show up at every showing of this film and bang everyone in the audience over the head with his drum set .
The Dark Knight Rises is a thundering finale to what is , undoubtedly , the greatest comic adaptation to film .
Nolan can be over-serious at times , but it 's so nice to know someone finally treated the material seriously at all .
As a cop tells a younger partner when Batman first reappears , `` Boy , you 're in for a show tonight , son . '' And , indeed , it 's been quite a show .
If the film is not quite the achievement `` The Dark Knight '' was -- and maybe that 's the real question -- it 's still a fitting end to a very ambitious series .
Bruce Wayne/Batman opens his scene brooding like Hamlet but rises when the movie becomes full of sound and fury signifying ... well , something , more or less .
This is terrorist fiction writ large : bracing , visceral and intensely atmospheric , the loudest and most ferocious post-9 / 11 movie to come out of Hollywood so far .
Indeed , the Dark Knight rises from the physical and psychological traumas of his confrontation with the Joker . Yet the movie devised by director and co-writer Christopher Nolan to wrap up his Batman trilogy mostly hovers , a slave to past glories .
The Dark Knight Rises not only realistically tackles the physical and emotional ravages and consequences of a being Batman , but also makes the entire three-film story scintillatingly cyclical .
The stunning conclusion to director Christopher Nolan 's Batman trilogy proves that bigger can be better , with no holds barred as the hugely successful franchise ends with a very big bang .
It does n't have quite the emotional intensity of the second movie , The Dark Knight , but it 's a powerful , intricately constructed work , thoughtful , visceral and satisfying .
The Dark Knight Rises ultimately justifies its length -LRB- in fact , a good argument could be made for a longer cut -RRB- and the last 45 minutes is nothing short of spectacular .
It is , through and through , a Nolan movie - a brooding , complicated film that asks that you come to the theater prepared and that you watch the movie engaged .
The action too often feels shoehorned in to break up the -LRB- far from universally compelling -RRB- character arcs as Nolan and his sibling co-writer Jonathan draw everything to a cathartic close .
Unlike The Amazing Spider-Man , which loses luster the longer I think on it , The Dark Knight Rises seems to gain more of my admiration with each passing minute .
Nolan exits the trilogy triumphant ; it 's just that , in some ways , he pales in comparison to himself .
Simply speaking this is a film that deals with good vs. evil , yet it 's the grey between the black and white that makes this superhero movie such a provocative and entertaining watch .
Chaos reigns for much of The Dark Knight Rises , often in big , beautiful , IMAX-size scenes that only Nolan could have conceived .
The Nolans consider the issues of the day ... explore the role of legendary heroes -LRB- from Robin Hood to Batman and Robin -RRB- in galvanizing the public , and labor mightily to ensure that how their Batman ends dovetails with 2005 's Batman Begins .
The history of Batman 's burden is , however , increasingly cumbersome , and it 's Mr. Bane who finally makes the pertinent point : `` Gotham is beyond saving and must be allowed to die . ''
This film really is , arguably of course , the conclusion of the best film trilogy in popular cinema .
Sometimes , it works , but often , it does n't , and the honest interaction of characters is ground under the wheels of storytelling necessity .
With a pulsating final installment that runs to almost three hours , Christopher Nolan has conjured up that most difficult of tricks -- matching the high expectations of dedicated Batman fans and delivering a Hollywood blockbuster with credibility .
There are too many logic gaps , and far too few moments of intimacy . In the midst of things , however , there 's no denying its grandeur .
`` Merely great '' feels like the most backhanded of compliments , but when a filmmaker is coming off a one-two punch of pop masterpieces like The Dark Knight and Inception , expectations get invariably raised for what comes next .
This Knight not only rises , it also cuts deep -- not just as spectacular entertainment but also as harrowing drama .
An antidote to comic book escapism , Christopher Nolan 's take on Batman has never taken the easy road . Now , in the final chapter in the promised trilogy , the going is still tough . And the rewards are great .
. . it 's a ticking bomb story , but a bloated one , full of the bling of blockbuster superhero filmmaking , from the giant stunts to the choreographed fight sequences and the large scale destruction of bridges , streets , and entire fleets of police vehicles .
Anne Hathaway is the best thing in this tediously overlong , disappointing final chapter of Christopher Nolan 's Batman Trilogy
The whole movie feels so like a series of contradictions - bloated and long yet rushed , deeply serious yet utterly silly , politically minded yet ultimately vapid - that being both wildly entertaining and a bad movie would be exactly right for it .
Smartly-written , riveting and profoundly human with Oscar-caliber performances . It 's the most emotionally and intellectually rewarding blockbuster in years , and thus far the best American film of 2012 .
My faith that a truly important piece can be gleaned from these tales of costumed champions has been broken .
It 's spectacular , to be sure , but also remarkable for its all-encompassing gloom .
This may be the darkest , the grimmest , the most depressing summer popcorn movie ever . It is not summery . It is not popcorny ... This is a beast of a film ... a beast that has us all in its red and rageful glare .
The bad news is that it lasts two hours 45 minutes , which is astonishingly bloated -- and unforgivable in a film that spends a long , ponderous hour getting started .
This is the problem when you 're an exceptional , visionary filmmaker . When you give people something extraordinary , they expect it every time . Anything short of that feels like a letdown .
The Dark Knight Rises is a big , bold and occasionally brilliant piece of blockbuster filmmaking .
The Dark Knight Rises only rarely starts to tremor under the weight of its own portent , and is not without its own sly humor . Well done .
The Dark Knight Rises simply wanders fecklessly to some kind of a conclusion , aspiring , sometimes , to a tragic note but mostly out for a good time , which it rarely achieves .
The crowning achievement of the Batman trilogy and the biggest , best , most exciting Batman of them all .
The most anticipated movie of the summer is as ambitious and bombastic as they get , with widescreen mayhem , thousands of extras , hyper-kinetic effects , and a roiling , twisting plot .
Bleak , black and brilliant .
For once a melodrama with pulp origins convinces viewers that it can be the modern equivalent to Greek myths or a Jonathan Swift satire . TDKR is that big , that bitter -- a film of grand ambitions and epic achievement .
The most thrilling and satisfying spectacle this summer , Nolan 's third and final chapter of the blockbuster saga is the kind of movie that gives mainstream Hollywood a good name .
The Dark Knight Rises feels like a hustle-filled but ultimately cursory trot around the bases , a pleasing but slightly wheezy victory lap as we raise the Bat-jersey , as Nolan tailored it , to the rafters of the pop-culture arena .
Emotional , epic and entertaining , this is the end you 've been waiting for .
Potent and provocative , The Dark Knight Rises is the King Daddy of summer movie epics .
The Dark Knight Rises is intelligent , heart-pounding spectacle cinema that grips like a vice from minute one and wo n't let go .
The dark knight duly rises for the bruising final stanza in Christopher Nolan 's Batman trilogy , a satisfying saga of revolution and redemption that ends the tale on a note of thunder .
After a breathless , bravura final act , a nuclear payload of catharsis brings The Dark Knight Rises , and the Batman legend , to a ferociously satisfying climax .
At times , the action is so massive and thunderously clunky that I might as well have been watching one of the Transformers movies .
The film suffers a bit from a glut of new characters but is helped along by Nolan 's continued insistence on emotional resonance over mindless spectacle .
Tense , terrific - and triumphant - it 's the best action-adventure of the summer !
The Dark Knight Rises is the movie a filmmaker makes after they have earned the freedom to break the mold and to reach for something bigger than the franchise .
A fine film in a strong summer , but it lacks the spark that made its immediate predecessor a masterpiece .
... a spectacular noir epic that 's equal parts murky , bloated , flashy and triumphantly cinematic .
Retains the moral urgency and serious-minded pulp instincts that have made the Warners franchise a beacon of integrity in an increasingly comicbook-driven Hollywood universe .
Big-time Hollywood filmmaking at its most massively accomplished , this last installment of Christopher Nolan 's Batman trilogy makes everything in the rival Marvel universe look thoroughly silly and childish .
A fitting epitaph for the hero Gotham deserves .
The way the various strands tie up is a mite predictable , but it 's satisfying nonetheless .
A smart , stirring spectacle that faces down impossible expectations to pull off a hugely satisfying end to business .
The Dark Knight Rises is a spectacular and thrilling conclusion to Christopher Nolan 's Batman trilogy .
Whoever Warner Bros hires to reboot the ` Batman ' films a few years from now , I wish you luck . The bar is as high as it could possibly be .
The Dark Knight Rises is a fitting emotional and narrative conclusion to this particular interpretation of the enduring story of Bruce Wayne the man and Batman the legend .
Having a director with such a strong vision and conviction makes Nolan 's Batman finale pay off at least as a bookend to Batman Begins .
`` The Dark Knight Rises '' is emotionally inspiring , aesthetically significant and critically important for America itself - as a mirror of both sober reflection and resilient hope .

@highlight

The Dark Knight Rises is an ambitious , thoughtful , and potent action film that concludes Christopher Nolan 's franchise in spectacular fashion .