It 's completely weird , completely unexpected , and completely hilarious , exactly what one would expect dogs to hallucinate about .
Ignore the countless and seemingly shameless similarities to the original Toy Story and Pets might be a little easier to take at face value .
Absolutely hilarious .
Take away the over-the-top sequences and you 'd probably have a tamer feature that would n't engage children as much ; add them and adults roll their eyes . But at least the adults can appreciate the superbly animated sequences and pet-owner touchstones .
The bait and switch marketing could have been forgiven if The Secret Life of Pets itself felt creative enough when the story leaves home
Maybe Illumination and Universal should look at why Pixar succeeds instead of just ripping them off and regurgitating the leftovers .
For the very first time , I see the point of Kevin Hart . His voice performance as Snowball , the murderous , former magician 's bunny who now runs the animal underworld in the sewers , is the comic highlight of the film .
The movie is basically Baby 's Day Out except actually good and funny and featuring cartoon pets instead of a baby .
Kids may crack up , but adults are more likely to spend their time pondering why the popcorn is so pricey .
... pretty intense for a children 's film at the height of summer .
Probably fast-paced enough to keep the kids engaged , but I say hold out for the inevitable Snowball-centered spinoff .
The real reason to watch The Secret Life of Pets is for the animation , with the beautifully sprawling vistas of Manhattan a wonderful reflection of the animals ' idealised version of the city as their home and centre of their universe .
The Secret Life of Pets is that rare achievement : an animated movie that entertains on so many levels , and at such a level of cockeyed brilliance , that it really is fun for the whole family .
It 's kind of amazing with all the anthropomorphizing that goes on in animated movies that there has n't been a movie with the exact premise of The Secret Life of Pets before now . And it 's a shame that premise was n't better executed .
It 's a typically fast adventure graced by a diverse range of critter characters as a slavishly loyal Jack Russell pooch -LRB- voiced by Louis CK -RRB- goes to war with his large new roomie -LRB- Eric Stonestreet -RRB- and they both end up on the street .
Funny and unpretentious .
The pets ' decorum emphasizes jokes adults will appreciate , and there are enough gratifying gags that will surely make the kids laugh .
Enormously uninspired .
The Secret Life of Pets features dazzling animation and a top-notch vocal cast , but when it comes to the film 's familiar story , it leaves you desiring a little more from its intriguing premise .
As swift as a dog chasing a ball , as light as a budgie fluttering around an apartment , and as cute as an over-fed cat lounging in the sun .
What ensues is basically one long , frenetic chase . But kids will enjoy the slapstick silliness while pet owners may find themselves chuckling in recognition , or possibly even cringing , at many of the gags .
Not as cute as I expected with surprisingly dark elements and more action than laughs , this family animation has a novel idea although the whole is not as good as the sum of its parts
Animals are cute but talking , animated animals are even cuter .
It 's the little touches and elastic comic tension between tame and wild which really snap and zing . Because , after all , this film suggests , beyond all the creature comforts , NYC 's just a bunch of animals , every one with its own wild , woolly tale .
So what if this is Toy Story with pets , but minus the depth or narrative logic ? There are lots of one-liners and clever visual puns to keep you laughing .
Kids will enjoy it because its air of barely controlled chaos never tips into anything genuinely scary . Adults will enjoy it because , under the one-liners , it understands the emotional power of nostalgia : a return to a place where you know you are loved .
What The Secret Life of Pets lacks in story , it makes up for in character .
While the kids laugh at the general mayhem , there are plenty of references that will keep adults chuckling .
It features a brisk four-legged adventure , some knowing jokes pitched at the adults in the audience , and the surreptitious belief that cats have sociopathic tendencies .
... from the same studio that brought you the adorable Minions from the `` Despicable Me '' films , and the animation is amazing .
The film -LSB- is -RSB- loud , colourful , frantic in pace , but less than the sum of its parts .
What it lacks in ground-breaking developments , it makes up for with the tenacious charm of its lead terrier Max -LRB- Louis C.K. -RRB- and the surprising sass of his most ardent admirer , a white Pomeranian named Gidget -LRB- Jenny Slate -RRB- .
It 's co-directed by Chris Renaud , who co-directed the Despicable Me movies . It does n't rise to that level , but it 's still full of fun for young children .
A very well-worn story soon comes to the fore ... and the atmosphere drops gradually from sugar rush to sweetly dull .
Vibrant and enjoyable , but disposable , slim and somewhat forgettable .
... a lots-of-noise-and-action thigh-slapper for the kids ...
A film that desperately needed a better screenplay .
None of the animals really develops into a character an adult would care about .
The character designs are decent and the swirling water and looming city skyline are gorgeous , but something about Pets feels overly familiar .
The Secret Life of Pets is no Toy Story , but that does n't mean it does n't have its own voice and charm .
` Secret Life of Pets ' is furry fun .
After the first ten minutes I was incredibly excited to discover where the lot of them were going to take things next . I should n't have gotten my hopes up .
An uneven chase movie with a running time of 90 minutes that feels way too long . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A movie you will enjoy regardless of what age you have . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- The Secret Life of Pets -RSB- achieves what it aims to be : cute , clever , and pleasantly enjoyable .
The Secret Life of Pets plays to animal lovers in the audience without offering up much original story .
The animal antics -LRB- plus the nonstop mayhem crammed into every frame -RRB- are likely to please children , while some of the sight gags and one-liners will satisfy their accompanying adults .
Th Secret Life Of Pets is just a conventional animated film with none of the emotional weight it could 've had . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
What it likes in originality it makes up for with fun and an irresistible premise . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film with all the elements to make you have a great time at the movies . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Slightly similar to other recent animated films , yet pretty good entertainment . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It does n't reinvent the wheel , but it 's good family entertainment . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It is an incredibly simple yet irresistible idea for a movie . It 's also exactly what you think it 's going to be - no more , no less .
Has no room for filler or flab to its story , providing a brisk and hilarious adventure with a genuine sense of emotion to it .
... What it lacks in originality - it 's basically `` Toy Story '' with animals - it makes up with laughs and charm .
`` Pets '' Could Use Some Discipline .
This one wo n't stick to you the way the great movies do , but it was a genuinely enjoyable sit , and it further pushes the idea that Illumination is one of the rare start-up animation houses that has actually cemented a future for themselves .
Pets is basically a by the numbers , pretty predictable , perfunctory movie that will appeal to kids aged eight to twelve . However , adults will be pretty much left out in the cold .
It feels more like a dashed-off , phoned-in attempt at a story , as if told by a busy grownup with better things to do .
I have children , and yes , I will be taking them to see The Secret Life of Pets , because it 's still solid family fun with plenty of cute and intelligent jokes , as well as a few scary moments that are n't too scary .
It is a wonderful answer to every pet owner 's paranoia and I recommend that you watch it , with your pets if you can . But maybe they watched it already while you were at work today .
Characters and their celebrity voices are too numerous and fleeting to register strongly ; two standout exceptions are Jenny Slate as a sweetly fuzzy lapdog and Albert Brooks as a predatory hawk .
A delightful and funny animated family film about the playfulness of animals .
It 's not deep , and it 's certainly not as worked out an animal fable as Zootopia , but it 's funny and inoffensive , and I think I 'll be watching it again before I see Finding Dory .
The movie does n't have half the personality of the average hound - or even the most entitled housecat .
... funnier than Zootopia and fresher than Finding Dory . Bonus points for a genuinely touching finale that had me crying behind my 3-D glasses .
This animated feature has a few great scenes but young children should steer clear because of the film 's darker moments .
The animation quality from Illumination seems to be getting better with each project they release and this film is no exception .
Once the plot kicks in and focus shifts from the initial what-goes-on-when-we 're - not-home humour to a more caper-based story , things just are n't as much fun as they should be .
Much of this sounds rather exciting and whimsical when you paint a portrait in a movie review , but replace the dogs and cats with inanimate childhood objects and what you basically have is Toy Story .
Brutally bad
Lots of fun stuff in this kiddie-pleasing film full of appealing characters ... A good story jarred by frenetic pacing
Nothing in the rulebook says dog movies ca n't be boring .
It 's structured like a Pixar film , and almost reaches that level of creativity -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
Not every animation outfit can be Pixar , of course , but they should have more imagination than this .
There 's something quietly therapeutic about spending 90 minutes with some nutty , heroic furballs on a hero 's journey with very low stakes .
The Secret Life of Pets is the kind of movie that will make a lot of people happy . It sticks to a subject many of us are very familiar with , then uses that subject to create jokes that will ring a bell with any pet owner .
Zany , manic , and heartwarming . While younger kids might need a few explanations , the movie is generally family friendly and a good time for all .
-LSB- The animators -RSB- add dollops of their own surreal and quirky humor ... -LSB- it 's -RSB- a winning formula ...
The best thing about `` The Secret Life of Pets '' is that it 's better than `` Minions . '' But then that 's like saying Zika is a step up from e Coli .
There 's no there there - no political or social analogy ... and , with its reliance on the familiar villainous animal control as a plot device , no creative world-building .
The Secret Life of Pets is strong enough that parents wo n't fall into a catatonic state while watching it with their offspring .
Draws on the universal experience of pet ownership to draw out the `` awww '' in all of us . But the film butt-scoots by on its premise . There 's not much more going on , thematically or emotionally below the surface .
The Secret Life of Pets is n't a mold-breaker for animated movies , but it 's a consistently funny and inspired madcap romp nonetheless .
As the owner of a Maine Coon I 've weed-whacked into a goofy lion cut , I gulped when Snowball the bunny , a former magician 's assistant , bellows , `` All of us have suffered at the hands of man ! ''
If the formula is familiar , the personalities are fresh .
What should have been an enthusiastic tummy rub does n't merit more than a grudging pat on the head .
Beyond a few ingenious touches here and there , The Secret Life of Pets is a fairly standard kiddie caper that borrows heavily from Toy Story with an A-list voice cast and some top-flight animation .
Admittedly , Pixar 's ` Toy Story ' came up with the fantasy first , but this is another sweetly spirited animated adventure that should provide a 90-minute diversion for youngsters who have already seen ` Finding Dory . '
All in all , the characters hold it together and manage to be irresistible enough . But I still have no idea what real pets may be doing while I 'm away writing this review . Maybe it 's best that I do n't .
It 's gorgeous to behold -- the opening scene , swooping over a computer-generated New York , is a stunner -- but you soon realize that , for all the fun , this is merely a new dog performing old tricks .
Illumination Entertainment has concocted an easy-to-like and easy-to-laugh animated feature for mostly smaller viewers .
Pet lovers especially will enjoy this kooky concoction of cute and sass .
Toy Story with pets . Improves dramatically when Kevin Hart , Albert Brooks and Steve Coogan show up .
At its deepest level , it 's the stuff of Joseph Campbell with a flea collar . But on the surface , it 's one long bit of observational comedy about pets ... as good as comedy gets , given how much pleasure we derive from watching them do just about anything
Not much is secret . The first 20-minutes is funny and there are a few funny bits after . But you 've already seen most of them in the trailers and the product push commercials .
Plays as if it were stitched together from every haphazard notion tossed out in an early brainstorming session , with no subsequent editing or refining .
A breath of fresh air in the world of animated films .
Adventure is clever and engaging , despite animals in peril .
While a Busby Berkeley number set in a sausage factory is good fun , too much of the film feels like hot dog filler : inoffensive but also insubstantial .
a true `` family '' film
`` The Secret Life of Pets '' hopes that if it 's loud , frenetic and derivative enough , audiences wo n't notice there 's little in the way of plot , characterizations or , most fatally , emotion .
The Secret Life of Pets ' ambition to tell the stories it dares to tell , even the dark ones , is admirable . And occasionally its slapdash energy even approaches genius .
There 's a lot of predictable animal humor , but there are also several harrowing moments of nail-biting suspense .
Think of it as one long `` Looney Tunes '' cartoon with a few funny sequences that have little to do with the crowded , though admittedly sweet story . Just remember , we 've already seen most of the real hilarity in those ubiquitous movie trailers .
You wo n't feel anything at all . There are no clever catchphrases . There is no message , meaning , or moral . Nobody even makes a speech about believing in yourself or the importance of friendship , those staples of children 's entertainment .
Even though the heart of the film is fairly routine , Secret Life of Pets is bracketed with explicit acknowledgment of the unique relationship between loving owners and their pets .
The big chase scenes and action-movie adventures are fine . But what delights here are the small details of what happens once we close the door - the standard poodle who throws a heavy-metal party , or the dachshund who gets massages .
An adorable and occasionally quite funny computer-animated film about what domesticated animals are up to when their masters are n't around that never ingratiates the heart .
Pets are n't Minions . The ever-expanding cast of characters and outlandish action set-pieces feel forced and overly familiar .
-LSB- It -RSB- makes no secret that it is a Toy Story clone , and while it 's mostly entertaining , it never truly breaks past these boundaries .
A simple , straight forward movie , but that is part of its charm .
An amusing animated adventure full of talking animals that should please both children and their parents .
The film is as loud and busy as expected from modern cartoons . But there 's nothing deeper at play , no clever animal insights , and nothing that makes good on that great title .
While not top dog of 2016 's animal based animation films , The Secret Life of Pets is charming , if not spectacular .
A talent for sight gags are n't enough to keep Pets from being quickly forgotten .
` The Secret Life of Pets ' is filled with sight gags and one-liners . But most of all , beating beneath all the mayhem , is heart and devotion .
The film works best in its smaller moments and capturing the essence of how pets behave , but overall it 's still enjoyable and entertaining for viewers young and old . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Scares , Crude Humor , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
Individual moments are very funny , even joyous , but the storyline wavers in tone , oddly sour , and too close to `` Toy Story '' parts one and three .
The voice work , including Dana Carvey 's as an old basset hound with wheels propping up his hind legs , is terrific . But Slate wins Best in Show .
Yes , it 's often very funny and frequently entertaining . However , `` The Secret Life of Pets '' does n't have a great deal to say .
Apart from a few funny sight gags and some good comic performances -LRB- including Jenny Slate as a love-struck puffball and Dana Carvey as an old hound dog -RRB- , this copycat movie does n't know any new tricks .
Ever wonder what your pets do while you 're at work all day ? Me neither . But that 's the premise of the thoroughly entertaining The Secret Life of Pets .
`` It 's not Pixar , but it 'll do '' may get families in the theater , but it 's not an inspiring proposition .
It 's not a disaster , but after managing wit and speed with the surprisingly effective `` Minions , '' Illumination 's latest endeavor is a bit too desperate to please .
A glorified hairball pulled together from the strands of better , more appealing movies and then noisily coughed up and disgorged at a multiplex near you .
Will children be satisfied ? It 's more than likely that they will . But The Secret Life of Pets is unlikely to earn repeat viewings , and in the crowded kid-pic marketplace , that 's rather disappointing .
With all of the comedic stars , the film has a fair share of LOL moments . And while you wo n't find any revelatory insight into the mind of your pet , parents and children alike will fall for this fun , fast-paced furry tale .
A generic cartoon about talking animals having adventures in the big city , one of only three or four thousand cartoons ever made with that premise .
An affectionate ode to the bond between humans and their animals .
Edgy comedian C.K. commits wholly to this family-friendly gig , and his lack of snark seems refreshing .
A movie in which things happen from one second to the next with no particular logic , to no discernible effect .
Well-groomed characters carry the day .
Wo n't rock anybody 's world among connoisseurs of talking animal sagas ; this one is basically a peppy gag reel , and more likely than most family fare to get parents and children to laugh at the same gleefully absurd set-ups .
Like a dog that endlessly chases its tail in circles , Pets is amusing for a while , then it just tires itself out .
The Secret Life of Pets is a reheated remake of ` Toy Story ' and ` Toy Story 2 ' minus Pixar 's cleverness and warmth . It usually goes for the laziest , most obvious path possible .
A thoroughly amusing comedy .
It 's cute enough that it wo n't drive parents up the wall when they take their kids to see it in theaters
The Secret Life of Pets is a frenetic ball of energy , a movie which does n't so much get you to like it as it does beat you into submission . What 's more , it wins .
Comedy animation is all about timing , and Coffin and Renaud have it in spades , though the story is so tired that the action ca n't let up for an instant .
There 's too much dark , even mean-spirited cynicism . And the ending is n't nearly as heartwarming as it could have been because the writers and co-directors opted not to go with a certain -LRB- and seemingly pretty obvious -RRB- dramatic choice .
This mildly amusing adventure story will both entertain young moviegoers with its dazzling color scheme and scare them with some intense moments . It has a bit of charm , but it is not enough to keep a tight leash on parents .
The Secret Life of Pets is a pet-lover 's loving salute to the domesticated animals we rely on to bring us comfort , companionship , and triple-digit veterinary bills .
May basically just be ` Toy Story ' with animals , but at least the makers have chosen a good model and employed it engagingly .
The animated action is bouncy and frenetic , and if the story becomes a little too busy , it moves quickly and makes room for a barrage of jokes and even some character development .
This simple premise , spun into a caper by the canny team behind `` Despicable Me '' and its hyperactive sequel , `` Minions , '' makes for a pretty amusing ride .
It 's not a bad cartoon . There 's not much here that you wish you could fast-forward through .
Why could n't the film have found a way to be both relevant and funny , a la `` Zootopia '' ?
The Secret Life of Pets is sweet , but it 's not covering any new ground or really that interesting beyond the first half-hour .
Enjoyable in many aspects , the film suffers from an overly busy plot ... -LSB- the -RSB- writers strain the charming concept of their title . Imagine what Pixar would have done with this idea without any animals ever leaving their homes .
This cartoonish series of action vignettes glorifies bullying and teaches kids that violence can solve problems quickly and efficiently .
A lot of movies abandon smart ideas . `` The Secret Life of Pets '' is one of them . There are still some laughs , and the animals are cute .
Some of the best scenes show the filmmakers ' affection for creatures of all kinds , especially their observations of human and pet behavior . One tip for owners : You may want to wash that Kitchen Aid mixer before you use it next .
`` The Secret Life of Pets '' is the disposable , summer diversion that many families will be looking for as temperatures rise and the start of school seems so far away , but most wo n't be able to remember after they see it .
It 's like Toy Story without the lament for childhood things : pretty disposable stuff .
The Secret Life may take a dog 's perspective , but it 's not a bad metaphor for the neighboring nations of heaven and hell found in New York City , block to block .
-LSB- Illumination Entertainment -RSB- cares more about branding than they do about the quality of their films .
Capable , agreeable , and also predictable .
The animation is wonderful , leading to plenty of colorful visual gags and over-the-top situations .
Cinco Paul , Ken Daurio , and Brian Lynch 's script includes some clever observations on the dynamic between animals and humans , and some funny lines `` for the grownups '' without relying too heavily on the dreaded dirty double entendre .
There 's a funny , offbeat movie lurking in the details here .
It 's a solid summer time-passer as eager to please as an adorable dog wagging its tail .
Delightful , hilarious , wonderfully entertaining ... and sometimes a bit sad .
Illumination 's new animated comedy is basically a $ 75 million , feature-length , funny pet video . At least it 's a good one .
I can report that it is very sweet and funny -- perhaps not completely endearing , but good enough that you will want to round up the kids and get to a movie theater pronto .
Despite its shortcomings , `` The Secret Life of Pets '' boasts terrific animation , and the soundtrack by the superb Alexandre Desplats is just that -- superb .
Like a playful game of fetch , The Secret Life Of Pets finds mindless -LRB- yet still enjoyable -RRB- entertainment in repetitive predictability .
It turns out they 're just like us , only sometimes funnier , thanks to an excellent cast of comics .
The Secret Life of Pets is beautifully realised but often misses the zaniness of Despicable Me and Minions . The dialogue is less funny than the antics of the scatterbrain animals and birds .
This sporadically adorable , mostly forgettable family comedy exploits the fetching premise outlined in its title for the first five minutes . Then , it reminds you why Illumination Entertainment is no Pixar .
an animated fluffball-a sort of Toy Story with pets - does everything to drive you crazy and ends up by being totally irresistible .
It 's strange to say a cute but conniving lap dog is the role Louis C.K. was born to play , yet here we are .
Laughs are laughs , whether you know some of the punch lines ahead of time or not . And `` The Secret Life of Pets '' has plenty of laughs .
The Secret Life of Pets is n't anything particularly groundbreaking or ambitious , but it 's still a quick , adequately entertaining watch , one that appeals to the basic human impulse to watch animals be funny .
Great , clever , whimsical fun , with a heartwarming , cuddly overlay of friendship and `` family . ''
The film 's messy pile-up of comic diversions can be exhilarating in the moment-the chaos of an id given free rein .
It might be derivative -- sort of a Toy Story with fur -- but there 's a lot to like here : the humor , the heart , the artistry , the mercifully brisk 90-minute run time .
Dogs and cats living together equals mass hysteria , and adding in lizards and pigs hijacking cars turns everyday situations entertainingly nutty in The Secret Life of Pets .
Anyone who 's ever shared their life with an animal should be left feeling all warm and fuzzy and with the urge to go home and hug their furry family member .
Pets does n't really fail at anything it does . The worst criticism that can be levied against it is that it does n't try hard enough .
Has its charms , to be sure , but could have only been improved with a creative retooling . Its central concept is so good it is a shame to watch as it falls by the wayside .
The Secret Life of Pets is a beat-for-beat recreation of Toy Story .
Tolerable .
It 's fun to imagine what mischief pets could get into when their human 's are n't home , and `` Pets '' does a great job of taking that idea to an extreme .
Charming . A cleverly constructed and amusingly rendered fantasy adventure that sings with a sweet , wistful devotion to home , family , and friendship .
The Secret Life of Pets is an ADD-addled mess of a movie - and that , amazingly , is its charm .
`` The Secret Life of Pets '' is a hilarious account of the relationship we have with our animals , and a gentle reminder to treat them with love and respect .
From cats squeezing themselves into random receptacles to dogs chasing aimless balls , the delight of Pets is in the YouTube-inspired detail .
There 's lots of furry fun to be had in this familiar canine caper , despite the overstretched plot being overpopulated with too many crazy characters .
It entertains throughout , thanks in part to an endless stream of new animals who help or hinder Max and Duke in their quest to make it back home .
A typically fast-paced riot of smart one-liners , clever visual gags and sentimental life lessons that warm the very cockles of your heart .
It does deliver brilliantly when it comes to visual jokes , action set pieces , physical comedy and unabashed silliness .
The Secret Life of Pets is a brazen retread of Toy Story - an identical animated blockbuster in almost every aspect , except for the charm , warmth and narrative wit .
It 's straining at the leash to be liked . Take it home .
Fun , with enough wit and invention to please the whole family .
Boasts some inspired visual and verbal gags as well as plenty of very vivid characters .
What we have here , in effect , is a generic action movie in which the main players happen to be animals , but could just as well be people . Still , the six-year-old ` loved it ' which would count for something , if only it did .
It 's not ground-breaking , but there are laughs , and it is a good audience movie .
An affable adventure with a strong voice cast . What it lacks in originality , it claws back with strong visual gags and a witty script .
It 's an amiable time-passer , and hopefully a promise of even better things to come .
The film is purely intended as a fun time for animal lovers and this reviewer felt like giving one of his own animals a hug afterwards , so job done really .
A not-so incredible journey .
The Secret Life of Pets moves like a bat out of hell from frame one , though if you 're looking for any kind of emotion you might be barking up the wrong tree .
The Secret Life of Pets is perfectly cast , serves up the laughs and life lessons in equal measure and comes up with so many great characters that a sequel is imperative .
The Secret Life of Pets thrives in the small subtleties and distinctive character traits that belong to the vast supporting cast of local pets .
Some funny-sweet observations about pets and our projections on to them .
Moderately chucklesome ...
A film that starts off impressively but gradually tires itself out with a loud and loopy caper plot , taking a clever idea to mostly familiar places in the long run .
The formula may be familiar , but the personalities are completely fresh , yielding a menagerie of loveable - if downright ugly - cartoon critters banding together to help these two incompatible roommates from ending up on the streets .
A madcap caper full of densely-packed sight gags , dizzying action set pieces and a healthy side-helping of Reynaud trademark silliness .

@highlight

Fast-paced , funny , and blessed with a talented voice cast , The Secret Life of Pets offers a beautifully animated , cheerfully undemanding family-friendly diversion .