Sorry Elsa from Frozen , you have been dethroned . The new way adorable queen is a bunny and her name is Judy .
Zootopia is actually a thinly-veiled look at diversity ... and it 's glorious .
It does n't sugarcoat how difficult it is to change our ideas of others , but it does suggest how patently stupid many of those ideas are .
It 's surprisingly sophisticated , finding new ways to get us to look past stereotypes .
Simply know that when you hear how groundbreaking Zootopia is-the reports are accurate ; it just may not all be ground you want to break with your child .
It 's a fun movie ... It really hits home with its messaging .
Someone needs to break into Donald Trump 's home , kidnap him , sit him down in his own personal theater , clamp materials to his eyelids A Clockwork Orange style so they remain open , and play Zootopia on a loop until the themes and messages sink in
It 's a crazy ride to a world where imagination fuels an entertainment effort like never before .
The animation is stunning , the screenplay as amusing as it is clever , and the voicework -- led by Ginnifer Goodwin , Horrible Bosses star Jason Bateman and our own Idris Elba -- is top-notch .
This is a new Disney classic .
The two leads are a great study of how those who have extreme characteristics - and are natural enemies - can be the best of friends if we set aside our fears .
Zootopia appears posed to rule the roost with all members of the family as we sprint free of the Oscars .
From the first scene of `` Zootopia , '' Disney 's latest animated film , the moral is made clear : to moralize is good , but to bust one 's chops is better .
This movie is about as good as it gets in the post-Oscar , pre-summer lull . Actually , it 's about as good as it gets at the movies all year .
Like The Lion King , Beauty and the Beast - and yes , Frozen - Zootopia has cemented itself as an instant Disney classic that will be cherished for generations to come .
The political landscape from which this film was born is apparent almost from the start , and though at times less than subtle with its agenda , it still manages to be an incredibly witty , emotional and entertaining movie experience .
Do not be perturbed by the animation and animals , this movie is important , intellectual and hilarious .
Zootopia is a bouncy , candy-colored animation , not an overt political allegory , yet it 's an apt movie for this primary season .
The detective story is actually engaging . It 's simple enough to follow -LRB- for kids -RRB- but complicated enough to offer both genuine surprises and silly amusing detours .
Perfect school holiday entertainment for the whole family .
Much of Zootopia 's charm results from its wonderful animation and captivating energy , but at heart it 's the witty , insightful script around deeper socio-political issues which makes it truly satisfying for any grown-up who goes to see it .
A smart four-footed spin on the buddy-cop genre .
Sure to speak to kids and grown-ups alike , Zooptopia unfolds a poignant lesson about how prejudice can hurt people , but also how it can be overcome . And it does all this in a wonderfully fun film .
Zootopia is a reminder of just how beautiful animated films can be . Holy cow , this thing is almost hallucinatory .
Zootopia is an exceptional film and -- dare I say it ? -- an important one .
There are enough under-the-radar subtleties , rendered with a refreshing lack of smart-aleckiness , to make Zootopia feel current and fresh . It 's a modest , unassuming entertainment that 's motored by a sly sensibility .
Zootopia has great voice performances from Ginnifer Goodwin and Jason Bateman who suit their characters perfectly .
Zootopia is a blast to watch , a wonderful cartoon experience with an extra bit of gravitas for spice and flavor .
The film 's messages -- the importance of tolerance and following your dreams -- are pretty standard for a kiddie flick . But there 's a political edge that is very unusual for a Disney movie .
An entertaining and endlessly inventive comedy and something with more insight than anyone could have anticipated .
-LSB- A -RSB- colorful , nicely crafted , perfectly voice-cast animated feature .
Charming and inventive .
Not only does -LSB- Zootopia -RSB- have a strong plot but also a fantastic message of tolerance and inclusion for audiences of all ages .
Directors Byron Howard , Rich Moore and Jared Bush do a fine job of keeping Zootopia amusing for kids and equally enjoyable for the adults who accompany them to theaters .
In its attempt to please both children and adults equally , Zootopia is a failure .
... a genuinely charming and funny film .
The -LSB- DMV -RCB- sequence is so funny that it 's oddly forgivable that the rest of Zootopia rarely matches up to that comic plateau .
... an Animal Farm-type fable about racism and sexism -- a shrewd and timely critique of fear-based politics set in a remarkably detailed , endlessly fascinating alternate universe .
One of Disney 's best movies in past years . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a total hoot .
Zootopia pulls together various elements - a neo-noir mystery , a buddy-cop comedy , and timely social themes - into a mostly entertaining animated film .
Using the animal kingdom as a means to convey so much sense about our own contemporary world is a masterstroke which owes a debt to George Orwell .
Behind the gaze of an optimistic and inclusive film , we have a great homage to the hard-boiled film noir of the 1940s . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It is much too willing to abandon boundless creativity to wallow in an endless succession of overfamiliar narrative constraints . But at the same time , it uses those constraints generally quite well .
A perfect embodiment of the kind of fable Aesop used to tell .
a fast and funny fable about the need for tolerance and understanding in a world in which fear and prejudice are more convenient
Another stellar Disney film that begs for a second look thanks to its evocative overtones and commentary .
For all the animal antics on display here , the movie also gently broaches all-too-human issues of stereotyping , prejudice and racism . This is something worthwhile to chew over , even for younger audiences .
The dazzling design of Zootopia offers a non-stop stream of invention and visual wit that perfectly enhances a surprisingly involving plot ... A gleaming gem of a film .
There 's plenty of charm and a decent plot to keep things moving .
... a deceptively clever movie that has timely lessons for all generational demographics .
Zootopia tucks a message of tolerance for other species -LRB- and races and creeds -RRB- into a cheerfully anthropomorphised view of the animal kingdom .
Zootopia remembers the power of George Orwell 's Animal Farm and gives it a Disney digital system upgrade and brings it to the 21st Century .
Believe it : Disney 's latest digitally animated feature is a contra-Trumpian , race-conscious , political-conspiracy neo-noir in the guise of a funny talking-animal cartoon .
`` Zootopia '' is a vibrant and smart movie ... at times , though , it feels more like commercial compromise than the distinctive art of superior animated works .
If the film is superficially great , a plastered-over screenplay lurks just beneath , poking its ugly head out early and often .
What 's so clever about Zootopia is it takes the normal feel-good positive messages , this time about not judging people by their sex or race , and mixes it with something more mature , a vintage Los Angeles-like crime noir .
This is the best animated film I 've seen since ` The Incredibles . '
` Zootopia ' is a brilliant , funny story about bias , empowerment and understanding . And oh , how it entertains while it tells the tale
Although it would be stretching things to describe Zootopia as a metaphor for modern society , its underlying message of racial tolerance is a useful lesson for everyone .
Zootopia is the best Disney animated movie , either with Pixar or without it , since Toy Story 3 in 2010 .
It 's a bunny movie ... sorry , a buddy movie ... in family-fun land , where the rookie cop -LRB- a bunny -RRB- has to team up with a small-time crim -LRB- a fox -RRB- to track down bigger crooks . Anthropomorphic as it is , there is plenty of innocent fun
It 's a gorgeous film beautifully executed with a story that will have you smiling throughout . Do n't miss it !
Zootopia , like its protagonist , walks blissfully into a jungle of discourse it has precious little chance of surviving .
Done with creativity and wit ... but still has the stridency of a lesson plan .
How refreshing it is to see an animated movie that takes the initiative to climb above the restrictions of its formula .
The genius of the film lies in its combination of traditional Disney characters and situations with a very subversive storytelling style .
The filmmakers behind Tangled and Wreck-it Ralph join forces for this entertaining animated action comedy , which has clearly been planned as a franchise-launcher .
It is its own cinematic zooniverse .
You may be taken aback by just how good it really is .
... manages an incredible balancing act having fun with their high concept while taking nothing away from the seriousness of their story . Prejudice 101 - for kids of all ages .
Clever , funny and refreshingly bold , its message is endearing and engaging , without falling into sentimentality .
A pretty sophisticated meditation on race relations dressed up as a delightfully entertaining , gag-packed and inventively plotted police procedural .
The film feels like a riposte to Trump-ism . It also contains some of the best sloth-related humour you will ever see .
Here 's a great-looking , emotionally engaging and enormously entertaining movie guaranteed to delight kids and adults alike .
The latest Disney animated feature may not be a classic but it is full of bright ideas and funny one-liners .
The friendship between predator and prey stands as a powerful rebuke to Donald Trump .
An encouragingly upbeat celebration of love and diversity in times of hate and uncertainty .
The illness in our society comes from the artificial stratification , and defensive denial , of original difference .
Cute and clever in equal measure .
The voice cast is perfect - especially Bateman - and there are some cracking action scenes too . Superb family film .
An animated outing that propels Disney 's historical success at anthropomorphisation to new heights .
The animation is first rate - fur is rendered so realistically that it could trigger an allergy at 50 paces - but it is the writing that elevates the picture .
There 's rarely been so much sub in the text of an animated movie , and while it makes Zootopia a surprisingly thought provoking experience , there 's also something slightly disconcerting about Disney 's willingness to so keenly embrace adult themes .
There 's a magical moment in every movie of quality , a reciprocal bond between screen and viewer , where your shoulders happily drop , you sink deeper into your seat and your soul secretly smiles because it knows that you are in the safest of hands .
It 's easy to see why the studio is back at the top of its game and proves its still the master of producing films both children and adults will engage with .
For the young and innocent minded , there 's plenty of knockabout fun and slapstick humour to enjoy , coupled with a timely message about tolerance and integration , while pop culture references abound for adults and film fans to savour .
The fictional universe it presents - a human-free world where mammals have evolved into a bustling , civilised society - is vividly realised , richly detailed and very funny .
One of the film 's great strengths is the trust it puts in its young audience to decode its complex , nuanced message about the value of difference .
Marvelous . A bouncy comedy mystery adventure parable in a fantasy world meticulously and cleverly conceived and gorgeously realized . I adore this movie .
This has enough light wit and gooey sentiment for Disney groupies , and yet it does leave many unanswered questions .
It acknowledges problems that no bumper-sticker can patch over , and yet it leaves room for an exploration of a seriously charming world .
The voice cast are all on enjoyable form , and the storyline , once it kicks into gear , is not simply a vehicle for the message of the film , but an enjoyable caper in its own right , full of motion and invention .
Just relish the zingy jokes and in-jokes ; a slow-burn dialogue scene with sloths that 's an instant classic ; the elastic character animation ; and the pacy , racy disrespect for PC of all hues and flavours .
Directors Byron Howard and Rich Moore have crafted this environment in a meticulous fashion , with a striking attention to detail , painting a comprehensive picture of this universe we 're inhabiting .
The film gracefully deals with the contradiction between what we feel , who we are and what we let other people see . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
Zootropolis takes the form of a jovial noir thriller , is nicely voiced by the likes of Jason Bateman and Ginnifer Goodwin and should go down very well with the smaller viewer .
Bright and mostly brilliant .
No instant Disney classic , but a fast and furry-ious caper with endless gags , a fizzy fox-bunny double act and Shakira as a singing gazelle .
It 's a delight . Do n't miss it .
Stepping back from the movie 's key themes , the creative team behind the project deserve praise for crafting a fun , complex world .
Much like George Orwell used animals as an allegory for communism and social inequality , Disney has used Zootopia to deliver a story about prejudice and intolerance .
A lively and universally accessible story is set in an idealised , human-free future where animals of all species have learned to live as one .
Threatens to blow away Shane Black 's The Nice Guys for Best Buddy-Cop Film of 2016 .
Zootropolis has a plot you can really , ahem , sink teeth into .
Wildly entertaining .
A surprisingly sharp examination of racial profiling , prejudice , equality and stereotyping , and how often can you say that about a kids movie ?
I mean , come on -- what was the last kids film that stumbled because it was overreaching in its exploration of inclusiveness ? Also -- those sloths !
The tale of a plucky rabbit and a sly fox , it 's also a meditation on human nature , civil society and the politics of stereotyping . And it has great sloth jokes .
In this zippy and entertaining children 's animation that comes with an unusually thoughtful commentary on inclusion and discrimination , the animals do n't just come out in the city at night , they literally run it during the day .
A well balanced film with a powerful message and a great story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gorgeous to look at , clever , funny and with a solid and atmospheric mystery at its core . But there 's more here in the film 's timely and relevant thematic content .
Impressionable kids and adults who swear they 're progressive will both take something away from Zootopia .
Zootopia excels on so many levels that it stands with the finest of the Disney classics .
Not many animated films give adults , teenagers and adults something to enjoy and that does n't fall into the dumb humor territory . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Reminiscent of `` Toy Story '' in its ability to create a wonderfully colorful world of its own , `` Zootopia '' is a fun film with undeniably important themes about diversity , inclusion and self-worth .
A spunky 3-D animated film about a bunny whose life is energized by big dreams and rock-solid optimism .
It is complex , different , thinking , technically flawless and definitely a fun Disney product that works the same for children and adults . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
By using animation the movie gives a snapshot of the problems of intolerance that live in the world , without leaving aside the humor . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film is visually spectacular with gorgeous backgrounds and intricate textures on mammals so realistic that you 'll want to try and pet them while watching the film . Zootopia is vividly creative and fantastically amusing for all ages .
Exciting visuals , good characters , lots of laughs and even a timely allegory about American race relations . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
`` Zootopia , '' like its heroine , is zesty , bright , and breakneck , with chase scenes and well-tuned gags where you half expect songs to be .
The Mouse House may win the gold for Best Animated Feature in 2017 for this intrepid , action-packed comedy/police procedural parable .
There 's a lot here for kids to like and nearly as much to keep parents from fidgeting .
Timely message buoys charming , clever `` Zootopia . ''
In many ways a conventional movie , but it unfolds with so much wit , panache , and visual ingenuity that it outstrips many a more high-concept film .
From the enormity of the world building , the slick animation , the enthusiastic voice work done by a sprawling cast and a script that 's intelligent and warm , Zootopia is already shaping up to be a highlight of the 2016 cinematic year .
What an unexpected surprise , a Disney animation with Orwellian anthropomorphic political allegory and a film noir backdrop not seen since Roger Rabbit was framed .
It should serve as a terrific inspiration for little girls to dream big and aspire high . But the larger message `` Zootopia '' is sending is one of tolerance and understanding .
Sure to become a classic .
A movie you will tell your friends and family about .
The beauty of Zootopia is that you can be unaware of the subtext -LRB- as would a child ... or a clueless Trump supporter -RRB- and still reap the benefits of an imaginatively designed endeavor packed with huge laughs .
Zootopia is a great animated film , but it might be something much more : a clarion call for sanity and understanding arriving just when we need it the most .
This 3D animated comedy has the expected combination of kid-friendly slapstick and pop-culture send-ups , but underneath that slick surface it promotes a message of tolerance and empowerment .
What saves this big-budget cartoon behemoth is its modest , old-fashioned storytelling .
One of Disney 's best animated films ever ! Fun for adults and kids alike .
With this film Disney has a truly progressive jump with a character who achieves the seemingly impossible by his willpower and intelligence . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Zootopia is to 2016 what Inside Out was to 2015 - a next-level animated feature that gives kids something of substance while simultaneously showing them a really good time .
The comic high point is a scene at the DMV where sloths work behind the counter and talk . Very . Very . Very . Slowly . If the movie is overlong because of that one hilarious scene , it was worth it .
Disarming characters ... multidimensional plot form the core of an atypical Disney movie that 's right on the mark ...
Unlike a certain Pixar property having to do with automobiles , this one warrants a sequel .
A rich blend of story , message and entertainment .
It 's confusing when it starts to feel that Zootopia is working against its own message to get easy laughs .
Zootopia is filled with lovable characters and a heartfelt message for kids - along with a layered subtext for adults that is both timely and moving .
A funny , beautifully designed kids ' film with a message that it restates at every turn .
Do n't be surprised if Zootopia ends up becoming a kids ' detective series , based on how fabulously these two go about working the case .
The script is highly entertaining - funny enough to keep the young ones entertained , but witty enough to keep adults hooked and LOL-ing through most of the movie .
The cagey and delightful ` Zootopia ' is creature comfort in every way .
Somehow , Disney has managed to pull off a hard-boiled police procedural thriller about political corruption starring an adorable , large-eyed bunny . As strange as this combination might seem , it works . Who knew bunnies could make such intrepid rookie cops ?
A buddy-cop comedy crossed with a political thriller and mashed up against a social drama . It 's a credit to Disney 's collaborative process that the whole thing manages to hold together as well as it does .
Teems with sight gags and puns and pop culture references , but it 's all an excuse to use the buddy cop genre they way it was always intended , as a form of social commentary .
The computer-generated creatures have smooth and cheerful lines , like old-style `` stretch-and-squash '' animation . The movie is wonderfully fluid and graceful .
The motor vehicles department scene alone is worth the price of a ticket . I 'm still laughing .
It 's the best film so far of 2016 and should easily be at or near the top of the list for Best Animated Film come award season next December and beyond . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Scary Stuff , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
Shows just how far the House of Mouse has evolved from dreamy prince-and-princess fairy tales of decades past .
-LSB- I -RSB- t 's dealing head-on -- in that subversively indirect way that these animal-based tales do -- with issues that are n't so easily defined and are far more difficult to resolve .
`` Zootopia '' is a wolf in sheep 's clothing , a movie packed with talking animals that dares to be something more by offering up a bold little slice of social commentary .
Charming buddy-animal story promotes tolerance , teamwork .
If Zootopia becomes fortunate enough to fall into Frozen-style heavy rotation for kids of a certain age , its messages of rejecting prejudice and embracing the complicated nature of multiculturalism could do some good for the world .
Credit the Disney folks with making what could have been a lecture on stereotypes into one of the more amusing animated kidflicks of recent vintage .
Even though Zootopia remains whimsical family entertainment and never turns into a polemic , at its core it has more in common with Animal Farm ... than it does with other classic anthropomorphized Disney fare ...
It 's a candy-coated film that does n't sugar-coat the complexities of race relations .
Lions and tigers and preconceived notions about others based on their outward appearances ... oh my !
`` Zootopia '' does have some important things to say about not judging people by what they look like , or what part of the world they come from . Kids will probably nod and embrace that as sensible advice . Now if we could only get some adults to listen , too .
Leaving aside amusing jokes about the wolves trying desperately to contain a group howl or sloths working as bureaucrats , animal behaviour is a troubling metaphor for cultural diversity .
... a decidedly middle-of-the-road Disney effort ...
`` Zootopia '' is a delight : It 's cute and clever , smart and sophisticated , with plenty to offer children and adults .
Donald Trump would scream ` loser ' were he to see Disney 's ` Zootopia . '
Kids will undoubtedly enjoy it , but this one seems meant more for adults who can appreciate its ingeniously fabricated world and its big-hearted ideals .
A winning combination of comedy , drama , suspense and thrills that will delight kids and adults alike . It 's a potent reminder that we 're in a Golden Age of Animation .
Disney 's ` Zootopia ' is wildly adventurous and knockdown funny , arguably the best film of 2016 so far .
-LSB- Zootopia is -RSB- incredibly entertaining in the beginning as we see how different animals live in different parts of Zootopia that feel very human , indeed ... It 's the dark middle part that is hard to reconcile in a Disney movie .
Simple though its politics may be , the film is effective -- and coming from a mainstream studio , it is even just daring enough to make a difference .
Everything you could want in an animated film : creative visuals , solid script , engaging characters .
An agreeable hodgepodge , at least , one that aims to be not just a breezy mystery , but also a race-and-ethnicity fable .
Zootopia is Yootopia if you 're looking for jaunty fun .
Bursting with a rich blend of timely themes , superb voice work , wonderful visuals and laugh-out-loud wit , Walt Disney Animation Studios ' `` Zootopia '' is quite simply a great time at the movies .
These filmmakers cross-fertilize social satire with burlesque , parody , and self-parody .
It 's got a catchy pop song and a nice message about working to achieve your dreams . But because the directors pushed further - in showing how prejudice seeps into our daily lives-they 've made Zootopia a destination you absolutely must visit .
This charming , pop culture soaked movie admirably takes on racial issues but sags under the weight of its muddled metaphors .
Apart from its anthropomorphic , allegorical angle , Zootopia is also a tale of female empowerment and a classic noir , too .
Disney 's latest is clever and endearing , but it 's the animated equivalent of a pro-diversity pep rally .
Ginnifer Goodwin and Jason Bateman lead an aces voice cast , playing good-cop bunny Judy Hopps and con-artist fox Nick Wilde , who must find common turf to solve a crime wave in the title metropolis . Call it fur noir .
A winning , gorgeously animated story about anthropomorphic animals living in relative harmony in a bustling metropolis .
Disney 's Zootopia is sweet and addresses social issues with sensitivity . Sometimes it ca n't quite reach its lofty goals , but it 's still wildly entertaining .
An indication of what good animation can do in the service of a decent story .
This one 's both intelligent and endearing .
The result is a slam-dunk candidate for best animated feature in next year 's Oscars . But the pleasure now comes in appreciating the sumptuous artistry .
It 's hard to create wonder with animation these days , but with its mix of the detailed storybook , the 3-D stuffy , and the retro-Disney cartoon , Zootopia conjures an animal kingdom that still manages to astonish .
In addition to being a crowd-pleasing Disney cartoon , Byron Howard and Rich Moore 's Zootopia works as both a nifty detective story and a parable on institutionalized racism .
A clever piece of family entertainment that wittily uses whodunit convention to deliver messages about tolerance , self-confidence and friendship in eye-catching fashion .
Zootopia might not be the best of Disney 's recent in-house movies , but it 's easily the most political film the Mouse House has turned out in a good while .
Zootropolis is a colourful , creative and charming film , full of wit and invention .
It strikes a near perfect balance between fun family comedy and message film , never feeling like it 's too much of either .
Fun and funny , beautiful to look at and tempting to get lost in , Disney 's fable stands up along anything in the studio 's catalog .
It 's smart entertainment that deals effectively with issues of diversity and sexism , while staying light and never preachy .
Easily one of Disney 's more imaginative and detail-oriented CGI offerings in a while , Zootopia uses the classic tropes of anthropomorphized animals and comic references to pop-culture touchstones to slyly puzzle out what it means to be `` civilized . ''
The best animated film of the year , as well as one that conveys a message rarely heard in movies for children : Getting exactly what you hoped for is n't the end of the journey .
Zootopia is an on-point commentary about prejudice and racism ... -LSB- and -RSB- it explains these subjects to children better than most parents ever could .
An anthropomorphized hippopotamus in a business suit will always be welcome .
It may lack the bold , pioneering spirit of Disney and Pixar 's best animated features , but it still clears some pretty high bars into the human heart .
This animated crime caper comes ready to party hard , but also takes a deep dive when necessary , especially when certain species are treated as threats and cause public panic . Listen up , Mr. Trump .
On the surface , Zootopia is a witty , wondrous buddy-cop film ... At a deeper level , the film allows parents to bring tough topics to the dining-room table , topics such as bullying , stereotyping and inclusiveness .
Funny , smart , thought-provoking - and musical , too .
Combining a surprisingly sophisticated conspiracy subplot ... with unexpected plot twists , insightful character studies , energetic pacing and even a very funny riff on `` The Godfather , '' `` Zootopia '' has plenty to appeal to both kids and adults .
A mixed bag when it comes to entertainment value , but for the first time in a long time , Disney 's attempting a high wire act with tone and content , making the feature intriguing but not always triumphant .
Zootopia is n't tied down to any specific element in our present-day environment , but nevertheless it emerges as chillingly relevant to our time .
This wild and comic political twist on `` Animal Farm '' works for both kids and adults as a reaffirmation of equal justice and opportunity while rejecting racial and gender stereotyping .
When the new animated movie focuses on the critters , it 's a funny trip through the animal kingdom . What slows the ark -LRB- oops , make that arc -RRB- of the film is a crime story that 's in need of a few more monkeyshines .
It 's a world in which race does not exist . But species certainly do , and they provide a fuzzier , cuddlier way for Zootopia to get at some thorny issues of prejudice and profiling .
Zootopia is one of my favorite animated movies . Not one of my favorite animated movies of the last year or two , or of the last decade , or in recent memory . It 's one of my favorite animated movies , period .
It 's goofy and joyful . It has an actual message that it 's not shy about expressing directly , one that 's filled with depth beyond `` be nice to each other . '' And its screenplay is surprisingly clever on a structural level .
Yes , the adorable factor is pretty high . But so is the movie 's IQ . Zootopia is a thought-provoking film about big ideas like tolerance and diversity and rising above your base animal nature .
With `` Zootopia '' Disney has a new classic on their hands , one that combines memorable characters , gorgeous animation , social awareness , and a framework that can be built upon for years to come .
Zootopia is a lot of things at once , and all of them are pretty good .
Good intentions do n't always make for good movies . Case in point : Zootopia , a Disney film with more on its mind than animated fun and fuzzies . So much , in fact , that it loses track of what audiences expect , what they 're being sold .
Each bustling frame is packed with so much repeated-viewings-rewarded imagery that the screen must be sampled rather than taken in as a whole .
Entertaining and thought-provoking .
Zootopia is stuffed with characters , situations , culture clashes and eye candy .
Wonderfully imagined -- the animators have a lot of fun with the drastic scale and biome differences .
If you were raised on Zoobooks and Far Side cartoons , ZOOTOPIA is one of the greatest animated movies ever .
With a deep , complex yet accessible storyline married to a visually sumptuous telling of an animal tale , the film is an absolute treat , feeling the equal of any classic Disney flick .
By investigating the mechanics of long-held cartoon assumptions -LRB- both about the harmoniousness of some cartoon animals , and the characteristics of others -RRB- , Disney is encouraging viewers young and old to see the world differently and more thoughtfully .
The film goes deeper in its allegorizing , tapping into the volatile nature of identity politics .
Bright-eyed and bushy-tailed as its long-eared lead while still brilliantly conscious of social issues , Zootopia represents Disney at its most visually resplendent and thematically ambitious .
Vividly mounted with a breadth of vision worth celebrating . Disney has hit a home run with `` Zootopia , '' a grand entertainment with an ingeniously developed , socially conscious message .
Its earnest `` You can be anything ! '' message is heavy-handedly clear , though Zootopia works best as a funny romp that ingeniously imagines a landscape where hamsters can be businessmen and polar bears are the coolest bodyguards around .
Zootopia is a wonderful example of how Disney , at its best , can mix its past and present together in a very cool , compelling way .
Right there with the likes of `` Up '' and `` Inside Out , '' `` Zootopia '' is so well done I forgot it was animated .
A film with lots of strong ideas that are much needed in times where xenofobia is still a thing . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Zootopia '' dishes its messages the best way possible : colorfully , cleverly , warmly and with humor , all packaged in a strong storyline . It 's not among the animated greats , but close enough to certainly be worth a couple hours of a parent 's time .
A big , sometimes messy , sometimes insightful exploration of bigotry , using animals to preach for a more evolved understanding of each other 's innate differences .
If Zootopia only reluctantly comes around to its crime-solving story , that 's understandable : the good stuff resides in the characterizations and the morality play around them , decrying fear of the other .
Zootopia proves a successful amalgamation of disparate influences , much like its eponymous city .
Heavy with pop allusions and references to other crime underworld movies , including The Godfather and Chinatown , Zootopia is impressive in its visual conception and scope : At once straightforward and densely layered with wit and incident ...
Zootopia 's message of tolerance is a noble one . But it 's loopy moments ... that give this modest film its magic .
`` A very clever movie with the sort of meticulous world building that 's ripe for the spawning of inventive humor . ''
Delightful Disney animated tale of a city populated by `` civilized '' animals of all stripes is both fun for kids and a clever mélange of noir and social commentary .
A neo-noir buddy cop comedy that will likely entertain children and adults alike thanks to a steady stream of gags and vibrant visuals .
It has the quality seal of all Disney films , but stands out because of the details . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's deffinately not this year 's greates animated picture , but it 's one that works and it works good . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The world that Zootropolis creates is intelligent and fascinatingly detailed -- it feels more like a movie by Disney-owned Pixar than a straight Disney film .
Smart , but better at delivering a message of tolerance than laughs .
The most ingenious part of the film is building this designed and raised city for animals , creating the perfect metaphor about how a rabbit and a mouse can represent our dreams , ambitions , talents and flaws . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Zootopia is n't simply another fun Disney animated movie . It 's one of the greatest Disney animated movies the company has ever produced .
A solid job with its own message that can be enjoyed from different views . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Disney created a fun fable , as smart as a dolphin , quick as a hare and with a message as strong as a bull . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Zootopia makes a statement about how we should not judge people by race , genre or looks . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Zootopia has all the elements to become a classic for fans of the House of Mouse . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is probably one of the best films Disney has ever created , it delivers on everything you 'd expect from it and more . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's funny , it 's clever , it 's exciting and suspenseful , and it operates as one of the more potent `` social issues '' pictures that we 've seen from a major studio -LRB- even during the Oscar season -RRB- in quite some time .
A wild ride with some noir-ish undertones , Zootropolis packs in plenty to keep the whole family entertained .
A smart play on `` the race card '' in this fun and politically correct Disney film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Disney creates a new classic , let 's just hope they do n't give us a million sequels and tv shows . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Zootopia continues the wining streak Disney has had since Tangled . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The be-true-to-yourself and do n't - judge-others messages are nicely worked in : while it 's robustly right-on , including being cheerfully feminist , it never feels preachy .
A noir comedy that carries itself with loads of imagination . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The variety of cute - and occasionally slightly scary - animals should keep younger kids interested for most of the hour-and-three-quarters running time , while older kids and parents will be diverted by the comedy and pop culture references .
Zootopia is a big surprise that offers quality fun creating an interesting story that keeps you interested until the end . -LSB- Full Review in spanish -RSB-
Just when it was looking like animated animal movies had run out of anything original to say , along comes the smartly amusing , crisply relevant Zootopia to handily demonstrate there 's still plenty of bite left in the anthropomorphic CG menagerie .
Disney offers a decades-later correction to ` Song of the South , ' in which rabbits and foxes have a chance to live together in relative harmony .
With its upfront themes of prejudice and diversity , and its release at a time in which society 's biases are under the microscope , Zootopia may be one of the more fortuitously scheduled family entertainments in recent memory .

@highlight

The brilliantly well-rounded Zootopia offers a thoughtful , inclusive message that 's as rich and timely as its sumptuously state-of-the-art animation -- all while remaining fast and funny enough to keep younger viewers entertained .