It was good , but not great .
Terminator Salvation is a loud exercise in post-apocalyptic mayhem . When the dust settles and the action subsides , an intriguing story flourishes .
I think McG just wants to show he can spend more money blowing up more stuff more better than Michael Bay . And that 's just McDumb .
`` Terminator Salvation '' could almost pass as a sequel to `` Mad Max , '' which goes to show just how everyone involved is merely going through the motions .
This is big empty turgid gunk , coming more from the brainless Transformers school than the Cameron Big Art Pop philoso-candy cloth .
Everything that made the Terminator films great is absent in this film . The violence , the terror , the basic fear is gone ... In this film , children defeat a terminator .
Once the screeching din has died down , you wo n't recall a single line of dialogue , note of music or plot point that was n't punctuated with an explosion .
This franchise , like its villains , has become more machine than man .
That the film 's overall basic point has already been conveyed by the closing lines of T2 some 18 years ago shows just how completely superfluous this cash grab is .
Missing is Cameron 's signature action modification , best exploited in Aliens : the strapping female heroine . McG 's testosterone-juiced world feels a little doomed without her .
Bangs and clangs and has some impressive effects , but it seems to have forgotten one thing : These movies used to be giddy , rock 'em , sock 'em fun . This one is just plain grim .
Does n't amount to a hill of screws .
It brings me very little joy to report that this version of the popular Terminator franchise is silly , obtuse , and pointless .
If sensation alone makes a movie work for you , then this one succeeds on those strengths every 15 seconds .
Good action sequences will satisfy the adrenaline junkies and lots of throwbacks to Terminator films of yore will make the Terminator fans happy . There are actually parts of a good movie in here , but the focus is in the wrong place .
Machines ultra-cool , humans not so cool in McG 's noisy actioner .
Listen , come over to my place this weekend ; we 'll rewatch Terminator 1 and 2 , we 'll listen to ` You Could Be Mine ' by Guns N Roses , we can even discuss Edward Furlong 's ` career ' . And let 's just pretend Terminator Salvation never happened .
McG demonstrates a complete inability to understand what made the Cameron Terminator films so good .
Salvation is a cold , blunt summer movie misfire , infatuated with mindless explosions like an infant with fecal matter ... a lumbering , joyless detour into unappetizing Hollywood recycling .
An entertaining new entry into the Terminator saga -LRB- with the exception of either the biggest continuity error of the series or holding back critical information ...
It could have all been a lot worse and with some imaginative new Terminators , a great score some thrilling action set-plays , critics slating the film will be proven harsh as box office results and public opinion soon come in .
Tras la fallida tercera cinta de la lucha entre hombres y máquinas , Terminator Salvation debía ser el capítulo que redimiera y reviviera la saga , sin embargo simplemente es una buena cinta de acción .
... as fascinating as chewing styrofoam -- with the occasional firecracker jammed in to make you chew faster .
Is n't the worst movie of the mythos but it sure is the lamest .
All the opportunities for spectacle , thrills , and momentum are tossed aside in favor of a whole bunch of none-too-intense yelling from Christian Bale and an endless retread of the old cyborg gambit : How human are they ? And can they be trusted ?
... without the continuing presence of Arnold and without any notable relationships , the movie is mostly noisy , blaring battles .
An at times directionless plot and some one-dimensional characters -LRB- one actress is simply around to appear pregnant it seems -RRB- , but loads of action and loud explosions . You were n't expecting more than that , were you ?
As a lifelong fan of giant killer robots , it saddens me to say it . But sometimes giant killer robots are n't enough .
Though the set design , action sequences and special effects are very good to great , it 's hard to think of Terminator Salvation as anything other than a wasted chance .
Solemn and ash-hued
Terminator Salvation leaves me thinking it 's a rock solid post-apocalyptic action picture that bends over backwards to make itself fit to a pre-existing mythology .
The story is straightforward without being boring . The characters are fully realized .
Terminated .
As with junk food , no matter how much you know it 's bad for you , you ca n't help but enjoy it anyway .
Not only does it fail to advance the franchise 's overarching storyline -LRB- a better title : Terminator Stagnation -RRB- but it never distinguishes itself from any other reasonably budgeted action film .
Terminator Salvation boasts impressive setpieces that provide eye-popping visual scale , but the story so badly lacks scope that the film feels small and , ultimately , inconsequential .
L'artillerie déployé est , certes , imposante , mais se révèle déficiente lorsque vient le temps de générer ne serait-ce qu'un tant soit peu de suspense ou de réflexion
No small tragedy , this is the first Terminator film without a heart .
The movie 's tagline `` The End Begins '' could be prophetic for the theatrical series - it may or may not be back .
For once I found myself hankering for Arnold Schwarzenegger .
As in the previous two movies , there is , along with the extreme violence and destruction , a lot of wit in the proceedings .
This is the film Terminator fans have been desperate to see . There 's a damn good film here .
McG no es James Cameron , pero por suerte dejó atrás Los Ángeles de Charlie e hizo una película de acción en serio .
Falls mighty short against James Cameron 's filmmaking proficiency and the sharp blade of fickle fanboy nostalgia
It was a waste of effort before they even started shooting .
No slouch , but despite director McG 's laudable efforts , number four does n't improve upon the first three .
The first half was spectacular but soon took on a dull tone . John Connor said , ` I 'll be back . ' I hope that does n't mean a sequel .
More machine than movie . Sleek , human-like but ultimately cold steel and unfeeling .
This latest Terminator may well please the committed obsessive , but the rest of us are left feeling simultaneously beaten about the head and yet slightly underwhelmed .
McG has sparked a moribund franchise back to life , giving fans the post-apocalyptic action they 've been craving since they first saw a metal foot crush a human skull two decades ago .
A shambolic , deafening , intelligence-insulting mess , a crushing failure on almost all counts .
Unfortunately , whenever this film attempts to depict anything resembling the motivational keys of emotional storytelling -- love , revenge , anger -- it feels like McG is wishing he could be blowing stuff up .
It 's exciting and propulsive , but without the required core of emotion . That might not have seemed too important to the Terminator films , but once it 's gone , you really notice .
Who cares what it means ? Just make it loud . This is the way the series ends , not with a whimper but a bang . Except that it will probably go on , a shade of its former glory .
It 's easy to see why Bale was attracted to this role , but this often fascinating actor gives one of his least interesting performances .
Bigger explosions , more robots but far less fun or potent than James Cameron 's modern classics . Action junkies might be back for future installments , but for more discerning fans it 's hasta la vista . Baby .
Terminator Salvation looks , sounds and tastes like a 2.50 fairground ride . There is nothing human about it . McG feeds you the sort of thrills that can be had on Clacton pier .
Terminator has been smothered in quasi-religious symbolism and primary-school philosophising .
With much buzzing , beeping and whirring , the Terminator franchise comes to an absolute creative standstill , or even goes clankingly into reverse , with this fantastically dull fourth episode .
It 's a catastrophically bad movie whose aggressive dullness and dumbness can best be reproduced by picking up a brick and slamming it against one 's forehead for two hours .
The main difference between this and the earlier Terminator films is that it lacks a sense of danger .
It has enough pace and excitement to keep action fans switched on .
Salvation is clearly aimed at a younger audience than its predecessors . The carnage is surprisingly bloodless , there 's virtually no cussing and several scenes were clearly conceived with one eye on the PlayStation .
The Terminator story recharges with a post-apocalyptic jolt of energy . Frantic and full of welcome ties to the past , it also ploughs new ground with purpose .
Terminator Salvation opens on death row and proceeds agonisingly to an execution by lethal injection .
Better than Terminator 3 : Rise Of The Machines but that 's not saying much . Adequate but disappointing .
It 's brainless , it 's soulless , and it gave me a headache .
A pulse-pounding visual spectacle , given its bloodline this is the very least we expect . But when things are n't blowing up , T4 sags - and sags badly .
This is a much more straightforward , all-gunsblazing sci-fi tale of downat-heel humanity at war with some rather nasty machines .
In this fourth Terminator movie , there is n't much to laugh about , even though the earlier films raised a few smiles .
Underscripted , under-energised , a triumph of formula over flair , it stomps on for two hours in a nightmare of self-important inconsequence .
They have equipped Terminator Salvation with so little heart or personality that it would be no surprise to learn that computers had put it together .
If you can just savour the spectacle and not worry about the tangled plot then it is a more than acceptable summer blockbuster .
A few in-jokes will amuse Terminator fans but this is best viewed as an entertaining add-on to the franchise rather than a promising reboot .
The film is emotionally soupy and it insists too much on its own pyrotechnics . Christian Bale has n't an ounce of comedy in him , which takes the whole thing some distance away from Arnie 's ridiculousness .
It was depressing . It made you feel foolish for ever being scared of Arnie or the melty dude from James Cameron 's second film . It was stupefying .
Watchable franchise entry that scrapes a pass on the strength of its terrific central set-piece and a couple of the performances , but it 's poorly written , emotionally unengaging and a largely empty experience overall .
Is Salvation worse than Terminator 3 ? Well , T3 stank but at least it felt like a Terminator movie . This is more like The Matrix : Revolutions-effects-heavy background sketching and no relevance to the two brilliant originals .
McG has got the special effects and stunts right , but he forgets that in Terminator 's algebra , the sum is n't complete without the human factor , and that 's completely missing in this bleak computergame vision of the franchise .
This supposedly credibility-restoring resurrection of the franchise feels more like a crucifixion .
formoylaiki problepsimotita toy senarioy , poy me tis ftines strofes toy , afinei to timoni stin eikonografisi , i opoia , an kai ploysioparoha entyposiaki , den einai da kai orama oramatisti
Bale 's dark mood is infectious - this fourth Terminator is a grim stew of alpha-male theatrics down to the two-day-old coyote dish prepared by a post-apocalyptic answer to Gordon Ramsay .
I think it is really the most boring performance from Christian Bale in a long time .
The ingenious plotting of the first two Terminator films , and the skill and visceral energy with which James Cameron directed them , are a thing of the past .
McG 's film does n't match James Cameron 's first two , but is better than the third Jonathan Mostow-directed instalment .
Terminator Salvation is essentially a ripping sci-fi war movie that marries beautifully into the series ' overarching story .
Stylish but shallow , action-packed but without ever being exciting , Terminator Salvation is a movie that looked amazing as a trailer , but does n't stand up as a 115 minute film .
I will not apologize for giving this movie a strong Matinee with Snacks rating . I came out of it all pumped and gleeful and satisfied , and if anyone wants much more than that from a Terminator movie , well , it also has some freaking great sequences and ef
Wright is a machine who thinks he 's human and in that conundrum is the interesting story that the film essentially misses .
First and foremost , ` Terminator : Salvation ' is a war movie .
weighed down with so much grit and gloom that there 's no fun left
Bale is good -- solid amid the ongoing storm -- but do n't expect much of him . This is Sam Worthington 's movie , and he steals it .
... plenty of people who will enjoy this kind of soulless , technically correct , mark-hitting moviemaking , but it 's difficult for me to imagine why .
No salvation to be had in this colossal waste of time .
Essentially everything here is macho-posturing eye candy .
... a decent action film , far superior to the awful Terminator 3 , but it is n't close to the quality provided by James Cameron 's original or T2 .
Please let this be the only Terminator film McG directs .
Directed by McG -LRB- I used to think that was the Melbourne Cricket Ground -RRB- , T4 is a post apocalyptic epic with a beating heart : indeed , Sam Worthington 's beating heart , which plays such a crucial role in the story .
Crammed with massive action pieces , awesome visual effects and a dense plot that cleverly incorporates echoes from the previous films , director McG injects passion and energy into the film and it pays off . It also pays off for our own Sam Worthington , who
You wonder why everyone is n't so eaten up with malaise that they do n't just sit down and forget about the whole thing .
feels more like a stopgap than a return to the franchise 's past form ... relentlessly -LRB- and uninspiringly -RRB- efficient - like a sleek new model Terminator .
It 's the script . It 's the entire premise on which the film is built that 's at fault and there 's really nothing the movie 's one-named director McG could have done to fix that .
I 'm fed up with this series . This is not the way to start -LSB- a new trilogy -RSB- .
This is the worst big budget summer release I 've seen in some time .
It 's a fun time at the movies .
Terminator Salvation is a confused , humorless grind , with nobody , from the stars to the set designers , prepared to prick its self-importance .
None of the ginormous action sequence carry any real weight because the filmmakers have made absolutely no effort to convince us to care about what 's happening .
a slam-bank , action packed , high tension film loaded with special effects ; a good story -LRB- with -RRB- terrific action .
The script is lacking and the acting merely serviceable in ` Terminator Salvation . '
A futile popcorn flick that fails to live up to the franchise standards . Dedicated Terminator fans continually crave to see humans and machines slug it out .
The action sometimes conjures a thrill-ride 's breathtaking quality or , in other words , Terminator Salvation 's only hope of redemption with audiences .
Bale is a leader of the resistance fighters , who are mostly resistant to ugliness , facial blemishes , a few extra pounds , roomy flight suits , and old age .
Terminator Salvation may just provide one of the biggest surprises of the summer .
Dark , noisy and unimaginative .
Endless rounds of boisterous battle scenes and eardrum annihilating explosions , until you could n't care less which side wins . So if there 's any real human passion rising to the surface amid the rubble , it 's all about the guns , baby .
High craft in the service of an oppressively dull story .
At best , an over-stimulating concatenation of bells and whistles amounting to the cinematic equivalent of bubblegum .
Even the terminators seem bored .
The trouble with Terminator : Salvation ... -LSB- is that -RSB- there 's a yawning void where its emotional center should be .
An entertaining action film that increases in value the less you actually think about it , with a star-making who-the-heck-is-THAT ? performance from Sam Worthington .
Did n't George Lucas ' Star Wars prequels prove that not all complex sci-fi plots need to be completed ?
McG is capable of making the trains run on time , but not much else . He has no vision , discernible style , wit or knows how to get much out of his actors .
As you would expect , this is a sci-fi war movie of man against machine and there is plenty of action , but also some food for thought .
The artistry is top notch , but they 've lost track of why the original Terminators were cyborgs and not robots , as they are here .
We finally get to see the full , destructive power of Skynet . And while it looks great , the story around it sure falls flat .
I wish Bale had lashed out against the writers rather than the cinematographer .
Hats off to director McG and scriptwriting partners John D. Brancato and Michael Ferris for masterfully bringing to the screen a summer reboot delight that nicely sets up a fifth chapter as the global war rages on .
While the post-apocalyptic environment and the action sequences put together by director McG are effective , they lack a sense of fun .
The problem with the Terminator franchise is that it 's beginning to feel more and more like a cold , calculating Machine . Somewhere , it lost its humanity and became Dick Cheney 's daydream .
This is n't a classic Terminator model , but as the fourth line in a brand that was created a quarter-century ago , it serves its purpose nicely .
-LSB- The movie -RSB- is a lot like the human-killing machines it depicts : ruthlessly efficient , action-oriented , thunderously brutal and loaded with high-tech firepower . It 's also just as cold and emotionless .
A steady camera in action sequences goes a long way .
Director McG fuels Terminator Salvation with exceptional visual effects and sharp sound , but more shouting and explosions than a Super Bowl in Beirut .
Terminator Salvation is a soulless sequel which could have been made by Skynet itself .
TERMINATOR : SALVATION is a decent enough summer action flick but I ca n't help but feeling seriously let down .
The digital effects are mostly quite dazzling-not just the depictions of towering marauders ... but a memorably scary sequence in which a little serpentine robot that 's been taken captive thrashes furiously to save its nonlife .
T4 is a mixed bag , but it 's not f ------- amateur .
Message to Hollywood : Stop with the time-travel stuff .
Terminator Salvation : the least they could give us .
There are some impressive action scenes , most notably a lengthy chase scene involving a fuel-filled tanker trailer trying to outrun a flying hunter-killer drone over a canyon-spanning bridge .
As the so-called war on terror and other events repeatedly demonstrate , the ` What makes us human ? ' question never loses relevance ...
McG , a music video maven whose previous credits include the Charlie 's Angels movies , directs the action passably well .
Without a compelling drama , an ounce of humor , or even a character to sympathize with , Terminator Salvation may as well be the next Transformers .
No amount of explosions or shootouts can match the genuine , bite-your-nails suspense of a single life perpetually in danger from deadly cyborgs who will never stop coming until their objective is complete .
... A lot of stuff blows up without any style or visual flair .
Big , handsome , loud and dumb -- and it dishonors everything that preceded it .
T-4 might be mistaken by some as a Transformers sequel .
I doubt I 'll see such exciting , clear action sequences for the rest of the summer , and it 's a shame they had to be stuffed into such an ill-considered package .
Technically , this is a well-made movie , but that does n't compensate for the predictability of the plotting , or the depressing lack of heart .
Great Terminator movies feature brains as well as entertainment value , brawn as well as fun , and James Cameron 's innovations . Salvation has none of these things .
Intensity need not be the enemy of personality , but in Bale 's work it too often has been .
the whole ordeal made me fantasize about building a time machine so I could send a cyborg into the past to terminate McG 's mother before she could give birth to him
`` Terminator Salvation '' promised moviegoers a war between the human heart and the cold , cruel efficiency of machines . So why then is it so mechanical itself , so good at repetition , so preprogrammed and clunky ?
Everyone wanted to see the future , but I knew that would just be big robot fights . Cool maybe , but that 's a war movie , not a character investment suspenseful action movie . So here , this is what you wanted . Happy now ?
Suffers from style over substance . Its impressive CGI effects and editing make it look and sound great while providing some fleeting , visceral thrills and adrenaline-pumping excitement , but in terms of imagination and surprises , it falls flat .
If this movie is any indication , this franchise needs a great deal of work to improve and salvage a series that the studio should have terminated after `` Judgment Day .
Terminator Salvation proves the machines-against-man-raging-against-the-machines franchise is still alive and kicking . Kicking A ** , that is .
An acceptable summer popcorn flick , but I want more from this franchise . With the depth of storytelling in the previous films , this is a disappointment .
It also does n't help that the machines , for all their malevolent -LRB- and somewhat brilliant -RRB- twisting of events , are extremely stupid when the chips start falling their way .
The result ... is , ironically , a mostly mechanical film and not very lifelike at all . Maybe the machines have already won .
proves there 's plenty of life left in the Terminator franchise .
Not the best in the ` Terminator ' series but still has enough action and excitement to keep you entertained
Like the human skulls crushed under sleek metal feet in those feverish sequences , the Terminator film series is finished .
Nice performance by Sam Worthington . However , the film whole heartedly invests in action , leaving the story and character elements a bit slim .
So how is the latest installment in the long-running Terminator franchise , you ask ? Loud ! ... You 'll feel the entire time like you were trapped in a video game .
Somehow along the way everyone fooled themselves into thinking that Terminator Salvation was going to be a good movie and not a slapped together , franchise expanding piece of corporate film making . Jokes on us .
A revved-up and conflicted sci-fi drama of unrelenting carnage trying desperately to peddle a message of heart .
Often considered one of the greatest actors of his generation , Bale 's performance is shockingly lifeless .
Contrary to popular belief , there is something far worse than a demonstrably bad film and that is a film with boundless but ultimately squandered potential . Terminator : Salvation is such a movie .
The Terminator series grinds to a distinct and palpable halt with this inert , flat-out worthless entry ...
Relies too heavily on previous knowledge of the Terminator world , in those rare moments when storytelling is attempted .
Worthington is electrifying as Marcus a character who raises questions about what it means to be human but provides a definitive answer about what it means to be a star .
It 's starting to look like a good summer for action movies .
A good summer movie is n't just an uninterrupted crescendo of cacophony . You need stuff in between the fireballs and the cyborgs .
Terminator Salvation is so programmed , so impersonal , that it practically dares you to warm to its characters .
Christian Bale should have taken a vacation instead .
Viscerally intense and marginally entertaining while being narratively incomprehensible and simplistic .
All manner of new robots blow stuff up real good , and the action scenes work well on a large and small scale -LRB- some utilize close-ups particularly nicely -RRB- .
One could argue Connor 's grim demeanor is precisely what a global disaster demands . But Bale 's turn has a bass-note feel that is anti-charismatic .
The movie 's only unmitigated pleasure is a too-brief fight scene between Connor and a naked combatant made up to look precisely like Arnold Schwarzenegger , the relentless cyborg of the first three installments .
The latest installment in the venerable sci-fi action franchise turns out to be a straight-up war film , grim and muscular and thundering and joyless . It 's the color of cement , and it weighs as much , too .
Who wants to see a Terminator movie without the star synonymous with not just with the role , but the whole concept of the series ? Anyone who wants to see another smart , taut and exciting science-fiction extravaganza with outstanding action sequences , that
With awful dialogue , a ridiculous plot , and mostly uninspired performances , the interesting human element has been drained from the franchise . The machines have won .
The movie suffers from an inevitable tedium , which can best be summarized as : bang-bang-bang ; pow , pow ; fireball , fireball ; ka-boom !
It 's late in Terminator Salvation when Arnold Schwarzenegger makes his much-hyped non-appearance .
A blockbuster that satisfies both the die-hard aficionado and the newcomer to the Terminator brand , with just the right mix of action and self-aware humor to overcome the film 's emotional deficiencies .
The title promises us salvation . It also hints at termination . Neither of which occur until we 're released at film 's end .
There is a wellspring of potential in the franchise for the right filmmaker to generate a `` Starship Troopers '' kind of frisky movie that goes beyond the constraints of spectacle-generated entertainment toward sophisticated sci-fi satire . Until that time co
The flattest , most bombastic film of the series . It 's all about the firepower , the explosions , the fireballs % u2013 at the expense of character , plot , tension and suspense .
Strives for bleak gravity with misguided fervor .
Parental Content Review
At New York Comic Con , McG implored fans to stand behind this film as the Terminator love letter that it is , and by neither offending nor innovating , he 's made a fun summer blockbuster , but not much more .
Filled with more explosions per minute than a Michael Bay movie , nearly all of them gratuitous and none of them exciting .
If you are looking for something positive from the Terminator Salvation , look for Arnold Schwarzenegger 's computer generated re-birth .
It neither adds to nor subtracts from the mythology . And with Judgment Day upon us , there 's no more tension , nothing compelling left to explore .
By the time it looks like Richard Dawson 's Running Man crew created another stunt body double to get audiences all riled up , all the nostaglia has been sucked out thanks to a script unworthy of a direct-to-video sequel .
It 's a largely empty moviegoing experience because the characters and story do n't demand any emotional investment .
That said , the real problem with `` Terminator Salvation , '' when all is said and done , is that it never for a single moment makes a convincing argument for its own existence .
This ambitious redefinition of a franchise is also loud , clumsy and , in the end , does n't make much sense .
As a place to start , Terminator : Salvation is n't half bad , and definitely a promising start to a revival of the franchise .
This time out , the studio has gone for stuntwork . Here 's hoping that , once the inevitable follow-up hits screens , there 'll be more vision and less violence .
While some of its demographic may be happy to see the return of the man-machine apocalypse , much of the writing ... is hokey as hell .
Terminator Salvation is great for the do n't - expect-much-except-action-out-of-a-summer-movie crowd , not so great if you 're looking for a worthy successor to the first two films .
Suffers from pedestrian dialogue and a surfeit of bad plot devices ranging from the merely too-convenient to the laugh-out-loud preposterous .
A string of action set-pieces with plenty of impressive razzle dazzle , but since none of it carries any weight , it 's hard to care about what is unfolding .
The Terminator franchise was built on thrills , imagination , narrative , emotion , believability , character development and watchability . Terminator Salvation has plenty of thrills .
It 's a far more compelling world than a narrative .
There 's a certain sad sci-fi irony when one considers that the first Terminator film to feature a robot with a human heart is also the first film in the series that feels like it has no soul .
Too bad Schwarzenegger is otherwise occupied these days .
Skynet may not have ensured its own future , yet . But their robots have clearly made serious inroads in our movies .
McG knows how to slap an audience into awed submission . But at a certain point , you may feel so pummeled that you check out and begin pondering things like the time-travel question .
You should probably turn your `` brain wattage '' down in order to enjoy this silly science-fiction thriller .
Despite some laughably silly plot elements , McG has created an overall entertaining movie experience .
The machines are mindless , yes , but there are enough pyrotechnics and heavy artillery to feel like Armageddon squared . And when the story starts to crumble around Bale , Worthington is there to pick up the pieces .
The film is just like its machines , which , by the end of McG 's McBlockbuster deserve to win their war against humanity , if only to curtail , once and for all , uninspired and inhumanly mechanistic filmmaking such as this .
As long as McG keeps the action moving , the film remains on solid ground , matching and often surpassing the thoroughly adequate 2003 entry Terminator 3 : Rise Of The Machines .
McG 's revival of the Terminator franchise is a solid actioner , but lacks the entertainment value of James Cameron 's landmark originals .
While it 's pretty sermonizing in its sci-fi sort of way , Salvation does pack a dazzling punch .
Being a rabid fan that grew up on the franchise created by James Cameron , the idea of McG getting behind the camera for this sequel was slightly nauseating , and yet , by some miracle , the fourth film in the franchise is -LRB- barely -RRB- passable .
The whole movie is a bit of a machine .
shooting guns at things that are n't harmed by guns ... following which there will be cheap philosophizing and the promise of another sequel .
I can not completely condemn a movie that has been very competently written , directed and acted , any more than I can blame Mr. Schwarzenegger for all the woes he has encountered while trying to govern California .
... little more than big machine spectacle with a little lip service paid to humanity , identity and free will , which are not exactly themes so much as plot points .
The machines , as the movie keeps reminding us , must be stopped . Especially the machine that sucked the lifeblood out of this franchise .
... sometimes feels like just another link in a chain to nowhere .
The emotional element takes a backseat to the special effects , but Terminator Salvation is pulpy and fun as a rousing summer diversion , and more than respectable for being the fourth part in a twenty-five-year-old series .
Fails because it does n't really get you excited about the return of the franchise ... and a lot of that comes down to the cheesy writing and bad acting .
Terminator Salvation feels both comfortable with its limitations and justly proud of its accomplishments .
Terminator Salvation is all special effects and zero depth .
Packed with two hours of non-stop action , it delivers everything you could want from a ` Terminator ' film and more . Much more .
It 's one of the better action films of 2009 and , even without Arnold , this Terminator puts the series back on track .
Terminator Salvation is a tale told idiotically , full of sound and fury , signifying nothing .
In the end , the resistance discovers that machines have the same potentially deadly flaw as so many summer movies : Expository dialogue .
Skynet , Schmynet -- the future is here .
How could such a great idea go so horribly , horribly wrong ?
Few characters ever say more than a couple of sentences at a time , and when they do , it 's often to assert the obvious .
... it 's hard to get too excited about yet another extension of the series ' fairly joyless mythology , even if it qualifies as an otherwise well-executed and engaging summer blockbuster .
McG 's boyish sensationalism is inoffensive , justified by paying attention to how Wright preserves an unlikely human essence . Worthington is a find .
It 's got all the heart of a demolition derby .
Of the cast , Worthington -- as a man unexpectedly granted a chance at redemption -- gives the most deeply felt performance , but honestly , that 's not saying much .
Though competent in its B-movie way , Terminator Salvation lacks the humour , heart-tugging moments and visual pleasure that made the first two movies of the series modern pop masterpieces .
It is a fast , gritty-yet-slick , bombastic modern action film filled with tortured souls . It 's not exactly a gas -- how much post-apocalypse fun can be had ? -- but it is often electrifying and always entertaining .
-LSB- T -RSB- he hugest of the movie 's many problems : -LSB- it 's -RSB- sentimental ... It 's damn near close to character rape , what McG , Brancato , and Ferris force Christian Bale 's Connor to do ...
After scrutinizing the film , I offer you my summary of the story : Guy dies , finds himself resurrected , meets others , fights . That lasts for almost two hours .
Applies big-budget defibrillator paddles to the hulking franchise but ca n't breathe fresh life into the now 25-year-old concept .
The humanity in this film is like something you get out of a package of ramen . It 's full of freeze-dried speeches that basically say if humans make war like the machines , then the machines have won .
... if you go in hoping for another great Terminator film , you are going to be disappointed .
Pow ! Blast ! Annhilate ! The action-packed , bullet-riddled popcorn pictures have officially arrived .
McG 's tone is `` Apocalypse Now '' by way of Philip K. Dick , and the film packs a war-movie wallop to go with its sleek blockbuster sensibilities . Tough , fast and exhilarating , it 's a worthy addition to the franchise even if Christian Bale is not .
A tough , strong movie , loaded with exciting action sequences ... Thing is , some muscular beings have brains , and Salvation is n't one of them .
One of the coolest post-apocalyptic thrill-rides since the respective career peaks of Charlton Heston and Mel Gibson .
Packed with action and brimming with outstanding performances , `` Terminator Salvation '' is a worthy companion to the first two films and a notch better than part three .
The hardware is clanky , and runs on diesel .
Who ever thought in 2003 that we 'd look back on Terminator 3 : Rise of the Machines as the good old days ?
This is everything a good summer movie should be and , while it does not dishonor the Cameron chapters of the saga , neither does it prove to be an indispensable adjunct to them .
It 's far from awful , but Salvation is close to joyless , something easily predicted when this redundant film was first announced .
Does pretty much what you 'd expect but little more , and its sullen efficiency does n't make up for its lack of imagination .
I do n't want to make Bale angry , but his weak supporting role is n't what we expected from iconic messiah John Connor .
Lacking the wry humor of its predecessors and the inestimable presence of Arnold Schwarzenegger , the film has more than its share of shortcomings . But if you 're hopelessly invested in ` Terminator ' mythology , you might just be inclined to forgive them .
New characters , new robots , and lots of action make this worth checking out . A weak ending leaves audiences on a sour note but ties to the original films add some fun touches .
Director McG proves perfectly adept at blowing things up in interesting ways , but there 's not so much acting here as there is yelling at different volumes .
Between this and Star Trek , popcorn-movie reboots have hit high gear .
The intensity is just superficial , though : In terms of story , Terminator Salvation is also the most timid in the series . There 's no invention in it , no sense of discovery . Only the impressively orchestrated action sequences feel fresh .
It 's basically a cheap thrill . An expensive cheap thrill .
I 'm sure it will be happy news in some circles when I say that director McG 's addition to the franchise is a big , blasting , tush shaking video game of a movie . And , it will make a fortune .
Definitely a ` summer blockbuster ' and has enough great moments in it to outweigh any groaners that it may also have . In fact , the good moments outweigh the bad about 20 to 1 .
There 's not much here in the way of way of humanity , even with the strong feminine presence of actresses including Bryce Dallas Howard , Moon Bloodgood and Jane Alexander . It seems the machines have already won .
The only reasons to see this structurally messy , poorly directed flick are the spectacular effects , which overwhelm the plot , and the charismatic performance of soon to be Hollywood star Aussie Sam Worthington who steals every scene he is in .
The machines rise to the occasion . Too bad the dramatic element 's just as robotic .
None of the actors has much to work with but Worthington and Yelchin manage to give their characters some appeal . Bale 's Connor is too gruff and one-note to be of much interest .
This is n't storytelling , it 's programming -- inorganic matter passing for life .
In this doomsday scenario , my BS meter sounded off as often as a Geiger Counter in Salvation 's high radiation environment .
Darker , grimmer and more stylistically single-minded than its two relatively giddy predecessors , `` Terminator Salvation '' boasts the kind of singular vision that distinguished the James Cameron original .

@highlight

With storytelling as robotic as the film 's iconic villains , Terminator Salvation offers plenty of great effects but lacks the heart of the original films .