The film has access to some fascinating expert witnesses and commentators .
We 're left instead with an impression as imperfect as the world Bradley Manning tried-and perhaps ultimately failed-to change .
We Steal Secrets : The Story Of WikiLeaks is a great documentary , not perfect by any means , but shocking and informative -- and sometimes you ca n't ask for too much more than that .
We Steal Secrets is more earnest than exciting .
Gibney does a good job surveying the history of WikiLeaks , but unfortunately , there is little left to say .
It is n't propaganda , it 's journalism . This is a very controversial film among Assange 's followers because it shows Assange to be less than the Messiah they think he is . This provides an exit from news echo chambers .
A subtle trashing of Wikileaks by someone echoing the outlook of the NYT and the Guardian -- anxious to make a buck off of the leaks but anxious to preserve the status quo .
Words on the screen , their power to free you , and also entrap you - if this is n't the internet 's deadly blessing , what is ?
The film creates an astonishing picture of the complex new world of internet communications , intelligence and the ever-expanding web of post-cold war secrecy .
Having recently released documentaries on clerical abuse , Mario Cuomo , Park Avenue , Lance Armstrong and , now , WikiLeaks , Gibney seems in danger of becoming an actualité machine .
Outstanding , cool-headed documentary .
Compelling , enlightening and utterly accessible , Gibney 's ultra-slick pop-doc cleaves through the thorniest thicket of contemporary political issues to find , at its heart , two wholly human stories .
A breathless , dazzling and mind-blowingly complex 130-minute story .
I 'd have liked to know more about his private life and background but Gibney has too much other ground to cover .
We Steal Secrets is much concerned with conspiracy theories and may well wind up fuelling new ones .
A thorough and decently intentioned work , though it accepts a little too glibly the more-in-sorrow-than-in-anger line against Assange : that he is a fascinating radical who simply became a paranoid authoritarian .
With a subject matter that oddly feels both timely and out-of-date , this documentary is packed with telling details about WikiLeaks , Although it gets muddy as it delves into the lives of founder Julian Assange and whistleblower Bradley Manning .
This is saying something important . Check your Facebook settings .
This is an expertly organised documentary ; Gibney 's always are .
In truth , there 's little in Alex Gibney 's film that wo n't be familiar to attentive news watchers , but this skilled documentarian has mastered the art of condensing a vast and complex amount of information into a gripping and entertaining package .
This thorough , engrossing film shows how idealistic Aussie hacker Julian Assange took on the might of the US , exposing their military and diplomatic misconduct , then allowed his own murky personal life to tarnish his credibility .
The range of Gibney 's subjects , the rigour of his research and the complexity of his questions make We Steal Secrets breathlessly compelling , but it 's the moments of psychological probing that haunt the most .
Noxious government activities may warrant exposure , but Gibney points out that the whistleblowers can be pretty flawed too .
Alex Gibney adds to his forensic examinations of Enron and Abu Ghraib with another fine documentary .
Alex Gibney has shone his spotlight into a few dark corners and shown us something worthy of discussion .
A thoughtful documentary about Julian Assange , Bradley Manning , secrets , lies , power and the poorly understood nature of the internet .
If you 're looking for a really comprehensive , clear , evenhanded and thoroughly entertaining examination of , well , the story of WikiLeaks , master documentarian Alex Gibney has gone to the trouble of providing you with one .
A fascinating insight into Wikileaks and the two men behind the world 's largest ever whistleblowing scandal .
This look at WikiLeaks -- and founder Julian Assange -- makes its case long before the film stops talking .
It portrays a seething nest of highly volatile personalities whose motivations are fraught with ambiguities and contradictions , and a chain of actions and reactions the full impact of which has yet to be measured .
Alex Gibney 's film is an absorbing examination of the world 's most infamous information portal .
Gibney does n't set out with an agenda either to pillory or to sanctify Assange ; he seeks out the various profiles that Assange has shown his followers , fans , enemies and interlocutors over the years . And they are not all in synch
Superb , unbiased filmmaking that allows us to make up our own mind about Assange and whether his idealist vision as an innovator has become confused by self-obsessed paranoia
Which is the real Assange ? This movie can not say . It 's as if Gibney threw up his hands , put the whole mess in the audience 's lap and said , `` Here , YOU figure this guy out . ''
Sometimes it takes a feature-length documentary to stitch together a story we think we already know .
A psychological suspense film with an open ending that 's more haunting than the tricky climaxes of most post-Hitchcock thrillers .
With an approach that feels like a thriller , Gibney looks at both sides of the debate over the site 's purpose and effectiveness .
Smart and opinionated , it 's a great introduction to this ongoing story .
A real-life cyber-thriller with real-life consequences , Alex Gibney 's We Steal Secrets : The Story of WikiLeaks is a riveting and revelatory documentary ...
Gibney builds a remarkable level of suspense , given how exhaustively WikiLeaks has been covered in the media .
Engaging , kinetic , revelatory and unexpected .
At once an awkward mingling of two complex life stories and a gripping , necessary look at how information is gathered , shared and , yes , stolen .
Gibney continues his run as the premier nonfiction filmmaker working today .
Arguably furthers WikiLeaks ' stated purpose , but with a necessary whiff of the investigative filmmaker 's instinctive skepticism .
Who is `` We '' in the title We Steal Secrets ? There 's no need for a spoiler alert , but it 's neither Gibney nor Assange .
Despite its wonky-Washington theme , We Steal Secrets ends up being a surprisingly soulful and , yes , even moving story of hubris , good intentions and mistakes .
The film is fascinating and provocative , deftly navigating complex personalities and shifting allegiances .
The sequence in which Manning confides in former hacker Adrian Lamo and gets turned in to the FBI supplies the kind of human drama that has made Gibney 's work so engrossing in the past .
Who decides what stays secret ? This brilliant documentary explores that question , itself a meta-narrative as the documentarian exposes the secrets of the secret-sharers .
The movie 's especially deft at exposing spin , whether it 's the US media 's or Assange 's .
Works ... as a saga of self-destructive behavior by capable people whose judgment was perverted by smugness about their own principles .
A fascinating account of a man who loved stirring the pot until he was the one sitting in it .
Gibney has created one of the signature discussions on the signature debate of the post-9 / 11 information-security age , namely : Who needs to know ?
It does n't offer any new or surprising information or any profound analysis , so it barely scratches the multifaceted surface of Assange and remains slightly undercooked .
Documentary tackles complex issues of truth and safety .
The movie is so beautifully crafted and realized that it might well be called flawless .
The results are far more exciting than most Hollywood espionage thrillers .
Alex Gibney 's latest , `` We Steal Secrets : The Story of WikiLeaks , '' is very good -- manage to do both .
Brilliant but maddening documentary about WikiLeaks tries to solve the puzzles behind two mysterious figures , Julian Assange and Bradley Manning .
Unlike many other non-fiction filmmakers , Gibney is not interested in scoring easy points . He has a point of view , but he also wants to be fair .
How do you make this a motion picture ? Some might call it sleight-of-hand , but it 's something Mr. Gibney has proved himself adept at time and time again ...
`` Secrets '' teases out unforgettable portraits of two very different men .
Smartly transforms the WikiLeaks story into a character study , filtering the events through the unpacking of Julian Assange and Bradley Manning .
A sprawling , ambitious , major work -- a gripping exploration of power , personality , technology and the crushing weight that can come to bear on those who find themselves in its combined path .
For all its faults , `` We Steal Secrets '' reminds us that despite the potential of WikiLeaks , its project of truth and consequences remains treacherous and complicated in practice .
Even the movie 's title , or rather the source of it , is a surprise .
Future historians will find the ideal chronicle of our era in the superbly crafted `` We Steal Secrets . ''
Those looking for a summary of the WikiLeaks phenomenon-from the big leaks to the major shifts in public perception about Assange and his cause-won ' t find a more cleanly delineated version .
Despite Gibney 's best efforts to put a halo on Manning , the enormity of what the soldier did towers over what has been done to him .
You 'll leave knowing slightly more about the who , what and why of WikiLeaks ; you 'll also wish the whole shebang did n't fell like such a tone-deaf data dump overall .
Gibney , a prolific and skilled documentarian , marshals and organizes a raft of information as deftly as anyone could wish . But his conclusions are murkier than they might be .
Watch it - and then try to get worked up about any of the phony scandals that currently preoccupy the media .
We Steal Secrets lacks perspective and still feels wrapped in secrets and lies .
Much of the material is out there , but Gibney has a talent for creating a one-stop shop for anyone who wants to experience the full scope of this ugly , scary story .
After a long run of Bush-critical pics , it 's heartening to see Gibney shift his target to the current administration , demonstrating an ongoing willingness to take on the Man , whoever that may be .
Alex Gibney 's docu-portrait of WikiLeaks is both a juicy chronicle of recent history and a provocative reflection on the role of secrecy in an instant-access world .
We Steal Secrets is impressively researched , including interviews with nearly everyone involved .
Truth is an endangered species in this war , but Gibney 's thoughtful movie suggests Manning might be its greatest casualty .


@highlight

As fascinating as it is provocative , We Steal Secrets : The Story of Wikileaks presents another documentary triumph for director Alex Gibney , as well as a troubling look at one of the more meaningful issues of our time .