The tension between `` Dickian paranoia '' and `` romance candy '' begins to pull the threads of the film apart .
It was a decent concept -LRB- at best -RRB- that was not supported with a good screenplay , and grew sillier by the minute . It just did n't work .
The Adjustment Bureau film and premise , if considered through the lens of theology , or any perspective , needs a major course correction . The movie is about a lot more than free will .
These two crazy , impetuous kids clearly belong together . Too bad the science-fiction plot says otherwise .
a fantastic piece of science fiction told in the flavor of a classic Twilight Zone episode
An original romance story with brilliant central performances from Matt Damon & Emily Blunt makes this one a winner in my books .
Although this drama offers up some interesting ideas about free will and faith , the story is n't smart enough to focus on these topics in an intelligent way .
Romantic and intellectually stimulating , and like `` Inception , '' it may have you arguing with your date on the ride home .
The Adjustment Bureau does sadly descend into science-fiction nonsense after a bold start , but it 's always enjoyable and you never lose sight of what 's at stake thanks to excellent character work from Damon and Blunt .
It 's rare when a film is able to blend together two different genres so well , especially when they are two genres that you do n't normally see together , in this case , science-fiction and romance .
There are plenty of great ideas throughout the film with determinism and the idea of free will all given some interesting twists , though it is sometimes muddled and preachy
Accomplished filmmaking that features two highly attractive , talented leads , a healthy dose of sentiment , an intelligent script , and which takes you away for two hours from the quotidian worries and banalities of your regular life .
I kept expecting Rod Serling to step into the frame , cigarette in hand , setting the stage for the bizarre turn of events about to befall the young pol and the lovestruck ballerina .
... if our current president got elected after admitting to having used cocaine in the past do you really think mooning someone in college would cause someone not to vote for him ?
The fact that The Adjustment Bureau asks deeper questions is admirable , and it does so about an onscreen couple actually worth caring about .
A bit muddled through the middle third and a Hollywood-like ending make for a good , though not a brilliant film .
Eventually the whole thing feels a little too silly to be able to take any of its inherent concerns meaningfully .
What 's intriguing is that this is essentially a sweet love story coated in a layer of Phillip K Dick .
The Bureau 's dictat is certainly a blow to the notion , held by a few lunatics , that there 's nothing more important in life than being happy . Apparently it 's more important to be ambitious and attain some sort of status .
Too bad the film does n't have anything else to offer besides the chemistry between the photogenic leads , the handsome location shooting and the usual bromides ...
The Adjustment Bureau offers an interesting sci-fi premise that will intrigue in its metaphysical nature , yet that intrigue is not repaid as the move becomes a glossy , effects-driven love story .
Nolfi and his colleagues make especially good use of New York , filming everywhere from the Brooklyn waterfront to the lobby of the Museum of Modern Art . It 's a fresh look at a familiar city . But Nolfi drops the ball in the home stretch , and that 's ...
... in the long list of films translating and transforming the stories of the ubiquitous Philip K. Dick , this falls in the ` Watchable but Disappointing ' category .
Paranoia never looked so good .
Uma narrativa intrigante , tensa e romântica que mantém o espectador interessado durante a maior parte da projeção .
If you can buy into the sci-fi angle , this rom-action is smart and brisk enough to stand above similarly-themed films -- helped tremendously by the chemistry of its stars .
... more hearts-aflutter romance than nuts-and-bolts sci-fi .
Philip K. Dick does n't always work on screen
A romantic thriller that manages a rather remarkable feat : sending us on a headlong pursuit of life 's meaning , even as the banal everydayness of real life closes in on one side and the anything-goes magic of science fiction closes in on the other .
Focus on love story distracts from film 's concept
The film 's chief interest is n't plumbing philosophical questions of fate , providence and autonomy but , instead , wallowing in skimpy fairy-tale romanticism .
A largely entertaining and compelling paranoid thriller only let down by its final scenes .
It 's impossible to avoid comparing this film to both Inception and The Truman Show , as it delves into the issue of free will from a fantastical perspective . But this is a lighter movie , focussing on romance rather than weighty themes .
After decades of near misses , someone 's finally made a great movie out of a Philip K. Dick story -- by throwing out almost everything and spinning the concept in an entirely new direction .
As artistic endeavour this gives free will a bad name .
You 've seen this sort of thing before , all the way back to It 's A Wonderful Life , even if its fake-serious energy and matte finish will temporarily and entertainingly trick you into thinking otherwise .
While it sets itself up marvelously , The Adjustment Bureau in the end simply fails on the follow-through and while the end result is a near-miss , it is nevertheless a miss .
This mind-meld of sci-fi thriller , morality play and passionate romance is worth seeing , mostly for the palpable chemistry between the lead actors .
... artfully tells a story that unfolds elegantly and understands the importance and power of finding that special someone in your life .
Philip K. Dick 's original science-fiction story gets an adjustment in ` The Adjustment Bureau , ' a fantasy , rather than a sci-fi piece , about freedom of choice and to what lengths we will go to pursue love .
All of the shine is pointless with a weak story . By the time we reached the second act , ` The Adjustment Bureau ' became ` Sex and the City ' meets The ` Butterfly Effect . '
I 'm a sucker for movies about fate , destiny , and heavenly intervention-going all the way back to On Borrowed Time and Here Comes Mr. Jordan up through Ghost Town with ...
Damon and Blunt are great -- it 's just a shame they do n't have a stronger adversary for their love .
Damon and Blunt give such terrific performances you might almost forgive the movie 's dopey ending .
dips into some heady issues -LRB- fate , free will , the relationship between humankind and its creator -RRB- while remaining in a fundamental mode of popcorn-munching entertainment .
A nicely paced exercise , one that benefits from both a sprinkling of humor and all-around strong performances .
The compelling atmosphere is heightened by the inclusion of several absolutely electrifying sequences ...
... the movie 's romance outweighs the fantasy and even the CGI , thanks to the playfully easy chemistry of Matt Damon and Emily Blunt .
The movie is worth seeing just for the discussions you 'll have afterwards with friends about the illusion of free will and what might happen if you try to bilk your fate .
It takes awhile for the strangeness of this weird story to give way to a more secular rooting interest that eventually makes it very human and hopeful .
Although The Adjustment Bureau ultimately does n't explore its intriguing science-fiction/thriller scenario to the extent of similarly themed films ... it operates far more successfully as a romance .
It 's all hokum , but it travels well until it goes through a few more otherworldly tunnels and doors than it should have .
With its different genres and better than most movies in the theater at present it probably will not disappoint .
This is not the Philip K. Dick story it was supposedly based on , but it does look at engaging philosophical questions that a film like IRON MAN would never even think of .
Highlighted by the wonderful Emily Blunt and George Nolfi 's fine direction this is a splendid romantic excursion into science fiction .
Farfetched ? Yes , but Matt Damon and Emily Blunt convinced me their characters belong together in this romantic sci-fi thriller .
Philip K. Dick 's story The Adjustment Team was published in 1954 . But the movie The Adjustment Bureau only trades on Dick 's name . All else is shoved aside by George Nolfi , who directed and wrote the screenplay .
Science fiction with half a brain , a lot of weird , quick wit , and a surprisingly full heart .
The on-screen pairing of Matt Damon and Emily Blunt is so winning that you may be willing to overlook the oddly modulating tone of the story that brings them together and then tries to keep them apart .
Once again , after the obnoxious The Informant and insufferable Hereafter , Matt Damon uses movies to explain the world to audiences who just want to be entertained .
Your preconception of this existential romantic thriller 's entertainment value is about to be adjusted .
Damon and Blunt are a perfect screen couple . She makes him appear so much more romantic than he has ever been before , and the complex plot is pushed aside by the glory of their love story .
Celestial bullies con people into imagining they 're in charge , while a higher authority is pushing them around and calling the shots . Which stemmed from Philip Dick 's chronic bouts of madness , but gets a fresh coat of paint in its sentimental makeover .
It 's a breezy film masquerading as a sincere one , and while that 's obnoxious , it 's hard to hate a fun night at the movies .
A strong mystifying story that lays it all out and has you choosing fate over the plan .
An entertaining , if blasphemous mindbender suggesting that love conquers all , even the will of God .
Far too neat and schmaltzy but otherwise a surprisingly witty film from the Dark City/Inception mould .
It works surprisingly well as a weird , fun little movie .
It packs a little of everything into an entertaining package : love story , mystery , action and discussion about free will and fate .
When Facebook friends , credit histories and text message logs expose our every - and dictate 99 percent of our decision-making - `` The Adjustment Bureau '' has a point . Now you have a better excuse for losing your car keys than early-onset Alzheimer 's .
This is the trouble with `` The Adjustment Bureau . '' It reminds you of lots of other movies that are better than `` The Adjustment Bureau . ''
An amped-up love-conquers-all fantasy , one replete with a dash to a church , a last minute declaration of love , and a cop-out conclusion that renders the preceding action pretty much irrelevant .
The climax may side-step some awkward questions , and lack a killer twist , but romantics will be more than satisfied . Damon and Blunt should pair up again .
Reworks A Matter of Life and Death with elements of It 's a Wonderful Life and shares techniques and themes with Christopher Nolan 's Inception .
In the end , no matter how tidy or preachy it gets , the relationship , and therefore the movie , works .
Hollywood can always count on Philip K. Dick , whose short story inspired The Adjustment Bureau , to bring something fresh to tired film formulas .
It gets the right combination of action , sci-fi , and most importantly romance . The fedoras do n't hurt either .
Extentialist questions about predestination and free will permeate this plodding sci-fi thriller about celestial messengers intervening on mortals ' search for soul mates .
Very exciting and entertaining while you 're watching it , but completely falls apart upon further reflection .
As a philosophical dialectic masquerading as a thriller , -LSB- it -RSB- works on many levels , and equally well on each of them .
` Help , I 'm being followed by super-human salesmen in cardigans and hats ! '
Whatever your preconceived ideas are of the film , it 's likely the end product will take you by surprise .
A surprisingly affecting sci-fi romance , aided immensely by the chemistry between stars Matt Damon and Emily Blunt .
The Adjustment Bureau 's corporate hierarchy of a surprisingly incompetent bureaucracy endowed with mystical powers that its agents use to keep the world on track -- right here under our noses -- is a suspension of disbelief that eventually collapses .
Even if The Adjustment Bureau does have a few permanent bruises from running the Hollywood gauntlet , it 's still a valiant effort about reconciling destiny and desire that pays off in intelligent , playful and memorable ways .
The film 's notion that true love conquers all would fall flat with the wrong leads , but Damon and Blunt possess a lovely , laid-back chemistry that allows us to believe in their union .
A great date movie ; thoroughly romantic and a flight of pure fantasy . What girl would n't want to meet the man who would stand up to God and all His angels - sorry , The Chairman and his corporate drones - for the woman he loves ?
While the film 's source material dates back to 1954 , it is still one of the more original , though-provoking and down-right entertaining films to hit the big screen in years .
Mostly intriguing , suspenseful and clever until it loses steam during the underwhelming , facile , anticlimactic third act .
Phillip K. Dick was a lot of things , but few would call him a sentimentalist .
I was hoping for so much more -- I wanted so much more . But unfortunately `` The Adjustment Bureau '' needs some severe adjusting .
Without genuine villains to dislike , there is no suspenseful edge to the story .
Damon has never been better , showing an emotional vulnerability . The movie 's other strengths include great special effects , superb cinematography , a wonderful musical score and an elegant wardrobe of high fashion designs .
So enveloping is the romance at its core , and the inventiveness of the story , that it can be forgiven for its minor transgressions
Finding a movie that can so successfully pull off romance and otherworldly mystery is rare . When one comes along , it 's something that should n't be missed .
Fans looking for something a little different will find it here - as well as the first real romance of the year .
Cradled in Damon 's solidly reliable hands , even a movie as extravagantly silly as this one gains heft and credibility , an impressive accomplishment when you consider that the entire plot revolves around magic notebooks and spellbinding hats .
Nolfi suppresses high style , however , for a clean and spare look : a sparsely populated Manhattan , crisp light , subtle visual jokes and rhymes . It 's a well-chosen tactic .
Enjoy it for what it is . Just do n't ponder what might have been .
Sometimes , a strong premise makes for a weak movie , which ends up drowning in its own clever conceit .
It 's hard to imagine a more spectacularly silly film making it to theaters this year than The Adjustment Bureau .
An entertaining sci-fi romance that 's exciting in more than the usual will-they-or-won ` t-they ways .
Even if you like much of the story -LRB- and I did -RRB- , the muddled theology is baffling .
The Adjustment Bureau presents itself as a paean to free will , to overcoming obstacles , to creating your own destiny-provided , that is , that you happen to be a dude .
Nothing about it feels ordinary , even when its contrivances threaten to send it crashing to earth .
Because the chemistry between Damon and Blunt is so strong , what might have been a jumble of Matrix-style oddments comes across instead as ardent .
Nolfi 's debut is a mild stunner , mixing hope and heart and love and the dire threat of losing it -- or , worse , never realizing you had it -- into a heady , original mix . More , please .
They have the power to walk through doors in one part of New York and come out in another . That power involves hats . Magic hats . Natty fedoras , mostly . Look , I told you it was loopy .
The next time your cell phone drops a call , do n't get mad . AT&T may be doing the Lord 's work .
Twisting fate and life as an unalterable plan is tail-chasing territory . It avoids potential plot convolutions with a fast moving , not-let-you-get-thinking script .
For the heaviness of the film 's metaphysics , there is something ineffably light and charming about it ... If Frank Capra made The Matrix , it would be The Adjustment Bureau .
It 's brave enough to be a bit loopy , and to hang its entire emotional throughline on a passionate romance .
Sci-fi/romance hybrid mixes plot twists , serious themes .
it would be offensive if it were n't so clearly an object better pitied or ignored . It 's a conversation-starter for idiots , God bless 'em .
A great springboard for faith-oriented conversations about free will fate , and the role of a higher power in our lives .
Call it the kinder , gentler Matrix
As interpreted by first-time director George Nolfi -LRB- screenwriter of The Bourne Ultimatum -RRB- , Dick 's story transforms into an endearingly silly allegory of the mysterious interaction of free will and fate .
The Adjustment Bureau has you pondering the angles throughout , and it 's a credit to newly minted director George Nolfi that he never lets his foot off the gas pedal .
Decent enough science-fiction silliness that could have done without the religious malarkey .
A typically paranoid Philip K. Dick story about the fragile ` fabric of reality ' is repurposed as a reassuring fable about true love 's destiny and the rightness of the celestial master plan ...
The premise promises an engaging wronged-man thriller with metaphysical overtones , but director George Nolfi fails to deliver .
Uses Dick 's fantasy conceit ... to noodle concepts of fate , free will , chance , Providence and theodicy in a tale of star-crossed lovers appealingly played by Damon and Blunt .
Even as writer/director George Nolfi fails to generate a more far-reaching narrative into the questions it raises , he has helped immeasurably by the kind of chemistry between his two leads that turns audiences into believers .
A shrewdly entertaining mind-bender .
The trailer for The Adjustment Bureau makes the movie seem like a gripping sci-fi thriller . If only .
You wo n't think too deeply about the supernatural possibilities presented in the film , but you will respect them as clever and absorbing storytelling devices .
It believes itself to be a suggestive meditation on free will and destiny - not merely a crunchy bag of popcorn . It 's neither , being rubbish popcorn too , the sugar not disguising the staleness .
The Adjustment Bureau is smartly scripted and slickly directed , and is anchored by yet another compelling performance from the ever reliable Matt Damon .
A curious mix of science fiction and romance , which I enjoyed much more when it was mysterious Sci Fi .
The misleading trailers for the supremely goofy `` The Adjustment Bureau '' promise action-packed sci-fi . What you actually get is a love-struck Matt Damon running for the US Senate as he 's stalked by fedora-wearing angels .
A smart , stylish thriller that melds science fiction , romance and Hitchcock-ian intrigue with surprising ease .
Damon and Blunt have such palpable chemistry from their very first scene that we utterly believe he would spend an entire movie vaulting obstacles to be with her . This is a pulse-pounding mix of science fiction , philosophy and theology .
`` The Adjustment Bureau '' is a smart and good movie that could have been a great one if it had a little more daring .
With a few adjustments here and there , this could have been a great film , rather than a irritatingly flawed one with some great moments .
In the goofball `` The Adjustment Bureau , '' Matt Damon repeatedly ignores instructions from God not to date Emily Blunt .
Suspenseful , romantic and wryly funny , `` The Adjustment Bureau '' is the kind of film that reaffirms one 's faith in Hollywood .
full review at Movies for the Masses
-LSB- A -RSB- straight-ahead thriller that , when you stop to think about it , you 'll actually want to think about it .
There 's a decided lack of information within the unraveling of the mystery behind the plot of The Adjustment Bureau that is equal parts admirable and frustrating .
Easily one of the best American love stories of the past year .
A satisfying spiritual love story about the preciousness of free will and the lengths some human beings will go to be with their soul mate .
Problem is , the film 's premise only stands up for about a few minutes . That 's why it was written as a short story .
Now here 's something you do n't see every day -- a gripping , literate sci-fi film , full of thematic texture , emotional warmth , and existential complexity .
The first great movie of 2011 is thought-provoking , exciting , and swooningly romantic .
You can feel the influence of classic American movies like `` North by Northwest '' and `` The Graduate '' here , and while I wo n't argue that Nolfi matches those examples , his ambition is admirable .
It 's entertaining and fun and there are worse things you could do with an hour and a half .
Damon 's resolve is admirable -- a purity of heart that shows he 's trying to will a movie into being .
A romantic drama that presents us with one of the most likeable couples in recent cinema .
The actors convincingly sell that passion , and their union smoothes any wrinkles an otherwise critical eye might spy as `` The Adjustment Bureau '' ... races along .
An intriguing idea , which ironically gets thrown off its own track by an odd balance of tones and the fact that the conspirators are laughably ineffective .
A nearly-great movie , a rare piece that merges romance and science fiction into something that is at-times mesmerizing .
An action thriller with a soul ; that is one trend we 'd like to see catch on .
Whether running or kissing or running and kissing -LRB- well , almost -RRB- , Mr. Damon and Ms. Blunt turn romance into a palpable race .
Even though -LSB- Damon and Blunt -RSB- look awfully cute scurrying around the streets of New York City , there 's no escaping from the fact that this Bureau winds up merely spinning its wheels .
Despite Nolfi 's nearly unacceptable plot contrivances and other flaws , this is likely to be a crowd pleaser for a number of reasons and Blunt and Damon are two of them .
A thoughtful and thought-provoking romance with a touch of the fantastic .
The premise is so mind-boggling and fraught with implications that it tends to obviate the action mechanics of the last couple reels .
Two movies for the price of one , though only one of them -- a fragmented romance within a ponderous parable -- qualifies as a bargain .
` The Adjustment Bureau ' misses by a mile . Despite heroic efforts by Damon and the lovely Blunt to build a plausible love story , the movie dissolves into silliness .
The Adjustment Bureau is n't a somber , elegant meditation on free will and destiny like Blade Runner -LRB- another adaptation of a Philip K. Dick work -RRB- . But at its most winning it does n't try to be .
`` The Adjustment Bureau '' is what `` Inception '' might have been like if it were written by Nicholas Sparks .
The Adjustment Bureau is not a film to be taken seriously in any way , but it has an interesting idea at its heart ...
A metaphysical love story with some wonderfully droll ideas .
Nolfi 's movie works on an interesting scale and a disarmingly gentle spirit , even though it 's being sold as a hard-charging romantic thriller . I like it ; I hope it finds an audience .
Where the drama falters , the romance rises . Damon and Blunt make a smart and sassy pair . You want them to be together even if it does mean that their political and artistic futures will be thwarted and history will be denied .
What results , against some odds , is an intriguing entertainment .
Not every Philip K. Dick adaptation is golden .
A brisk and affecting slice of sci-fi that allows room for optimism and even God .
The film bristles with the sort of contrivances that could incite derisive snickers . Yet it moves with such brisk self-assurance that the chuckles arrive only at a few comedic rest stops .
An elegant fantasy , only slightly marred by rather too much science-fiction explanation .
For a film with existential implications as severe as they are here , the dialogue is at times hokey , but the chemistry between Damon and Blunt is enough to enchant you .
The science is murky but the chemistry is strong .
A lively premise turned into an inert and uninsistent film by screenwriter and rookie director George Nolfi .
Damon and Blunt have so much chemistry , the screen practically melts when they look at each other .
tricky , brash , and brisk
The film 's problems do not lie with its cast , further evidence that Matt Damon is one of our very best actors , a charismatic Everyman . Nolfi can not modulate the tone of his film , but he could get Damon elected to public office .
Whether this movie works for you largely depends on whether you 're willing to work for it . To which I say : Bring your gym clothes .
It 's like The Matrix , as remade by the Hallmark Channel .
We know Damon and Blunt are a perfect fit mostly because they finish each other 's cutesy banter .
a slick , mid-budget movie that 's just brainy enough to excite moviegoers looking for something a little different .
the narrative is all at once high stakes and low key , with most of the ` effects ' conveyed practically or through editing , and with the divine machinery grounded considerably by the chemistry between Damon and Blunt .
Compare the adaptation to the original and you see a complicated saga of personal sacrifice streamlined into a rosy tribute to love supreme . Feels good , but also feels empty
A strange but not unpleasant broth of romantic drama , political thriller , and sci-fi-glazed metaphysics .
There 's a smart and welcome sense of humour to the proceedings , and Matt Damon and , especially , Emily Blunt , give charismatic performances as the lovers cruelly separated by Fate .
The film is a well-mounted time-killer with just enough dashes of humour to keep the nutty narrative digestible .
Dick 's speculations about cosmic bureaucracy typically had a playful , satirical edge . Nolfi 's control of tone is less sure .
... the over-explained softened edges of the story turn what could have been an exceptional brain-bender into a good , but fairly standard-issue heart-warmer .
Nolfi 's predilection for old-school cinematic technique over newfangled excess is refreshing and sometimes ingenious . And Damon and Blunt conjure a convincing chemistry .
Both pretentious and silly , a picture that addresses serious issues of fate and free will in the form of a mawkish adolescent adventure yarn .
Too often , Damon resembles a besotted , middle-school boy who 's chasing his crush not at recess , but in the Matrix .
I think I would have liked it better had it been made in the '70s and starred Charlton Heston , but it 's a hard movie to hate .
Love Story meets Dark City , which does n't quite do justice to the moviegoing experience at hand , but comes close to describing the idiosyncratic , highly cinematic world Nolfi generates here for his filmmaking debut .
Deliriously romantic , with Damon and Blunt 's chemistry perfectly capturing love 's ability to supersede all . 2011 's first mainstream movie that makes you feel something .
Damon and Blunt have such obvious chemistry we do start believing the ripple effects from a single kiss could indeed change our collective future .
With the exception of a few cute lines from Emily Blunt , it 's a bureaucratically grey and decidedly empty tale about very little .
Unlike , Schwarzenegger , Tom Cruise , Harrison Ford , and other Dick adaptation heroes , Damon has the physique of an everyman ; when he runs , and there 's a lot of running , it appears he might have at least two extra butt cheeks following him in the HOV lane .
A bulked-up Damon and the lithe Blunt generate a strong chemistry and the scenes that establish their deep romantic bond are lovely ; she is more naturally effervescent here than ever before .
I can honestly say The Adjustment Bureau is the best meet-cute sci-fi rom-com about magic hats that I 've seen in at least three months .
It 's about love conquering all . It 's about people risking everything for a chance at romantic joy .
Exciting and deftly constructed .
At least the filmmakers have Blunt and Damon to rely on ; you can believe they share a love stronger than any revision .
Eventually embraces a few too many romance-movie clichés , but its approach to the genre is skewed enough to feel fresh .
Taken as a whole , if you allow yourself to take a leap of faith The Adjustment Bureau is an intriguing , engrossing experience . At the very least , it just might be the perfect date movie .
What conceivable conclusion could Nolfi give , lest to suggest that ` The Chairman ' or God , has a heart of stone , and cynically does n't believe in love or his own creation , Man .
-LSB- An -RSB- atrociously trite conclusion threatens to ruin the entire film , but perhaps if we can just get a hold of the right Moleskine , we can make some adjustments , and it 'll be like that ending never happened ...
I ca n't imagine anyone 's ever speaking about this movie with fondness other than the people who made it , and maybe their close relatives .
The story has a real spiritual view , talking about the universe 's plan as if it 's a bureaucracy . It 's only an intro course though . The advanced courses would be Total Recall , Dark City or Gattaca .
A refreshing , romantic sci-fi adventure whatsit the likes of which Hollywood rarely
gambles on .
It taps into your longing for the days when a sci-fi matrix could explain the world without making it a darker place .
It 's a little like if Men In Black was recast with an army of John Majors , and about as sexy as that sounds .
Nolfi began his career as a writer , which perhaps explains why he tries to keep the action character-driven : the sweet chemistry between Damon and Blunt does at least make their romantic , potentially existence-threatening bond credible .
It 's hokum , but it 's entertaining hokum , mainly thanks to Damon and Blunt , who make an appealing couple .
You have to love a sci-fi film where the only real gadget is a hat .
The Blunt/Damon combination just about wins you over ... unless you were under the illusion this was Jason Bourne getting Incepted .
Impressively directed , nicely paced and superbly acted , this is a hugely enjoyable sci-fi thriller with shades of The Truman Show and sensational chemistry between the two leads ...
The actors ' romantic scenes excel . Just sitting side by side on a bus , their sexual connection crackles .
Matt Damon and Emily Blunt fall in love and flee shadowy figures in the immensely stylish romantic thriller The Adjustment Bureau . If only the ending lived up to the build-up .
Less a rumination on free will than a potboiler with some intellectual pretensions , The Adjustment Bureau is a pleasant enough middlebrow mind trip .
A genuine , mutual empathy comes across between the leads that makes it all the more easy to root for them .
The zing here comes from echoes of The Manchurian Candidate , as well as the paranoid doominess of source author Philip K. Dick -LRB- whose 1954 short story gets completely revised -RRB- .
Mr. Nolfi , who is also making his debut as a director , is another unfortunate Christopher Nolan wannabe , so the movie is a preposterous muddle that borrows heavily from Inception , without a single original idea .
They 're called the Adjustment Bureau , but what they really are is the C *** Block Bureau .
The struggle between free will and determinism gets dramatic play in this imaginative sci-fi romance .
It 's too bad that `` The Adjustment Bureau '' is so flimsy , because Dick , as always , had a provocative idea , a pointed query about the role of chance in our lives .
The so-called Plan is derailed !
It 's Matt Damon and Emily Blunt who save the film , turning it from the overloaded political sci-fi romantic thriller it might have been into a breezy , charming love story .
A romantic action thriller with Inception-like ambitions , this one , sadly , falls short .
As much of a wildman as Philip K. Dick was , it 's hard to imagine him being thrilled about his story being turned into a glorified episode of Touched by an Angel .
Nolfi makes a memorable directing debut in this sometimes silly , but also suspenseful and entertaining story .
Blunt and Damon have delightful chemistry , but this is still little more than a derivative , campy B-movie , which would be fine if it was at all what the filmmakers had intended .
Stupid . Regrettably , love conquers all . Puts a stain on Philip K. Dick 's post-death career .
The age old quandary of human purpose , told with a modern twist , in screenwriter turned director George Nolfi 's superb adaptation of Phillip K. Dick
The Adjustment Bureau is not entirely satisfying , and at times , quite silly .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- The simplicity works .
It 's not a thriller ... adjust your expectations from what you may be expecting and you 'll find it hard not be carried along for the ride .
By keeping the pace quick , the explanation light and the characters strong , Nolfi achieves the near-impossible : a film puzzle you wo n't mind leaving unexplained .
The doughy Damon and aristocratic Blunt do n't match up physically , and they never get any Hepburn-Tracy rhythms going that might create some current .
When it comes to setting up the rules for its unearthly puppetmasters ' agenda and sticking to them , this fantasy adaptation does n't know Dick .
You 've got to admire the way it reins in the action sequences and concentrates on character development instead - something that 's about as common in Hollywood as a bum bag made out of unicorn fur .
At times intriguing and at other times rather silly , this adaptation of Philip K. Dick 's short story offers mystery and romance , yet is too tangible to be mysterious and is not sensual enough to be romantic
Fate , chance , and free will collide in the thematically rich sci-fi love story The Adjustment Bureau .
Though sporadically entertaining , the film raises more intriguing questions about Fate and Free Will than it can handle effectively within its frame , but Matt Damon is well cast as Everyman struggling to maintain control over his life .
... a very light , charming movie , like some undiscovered '60s pop gem .
Questions of predestination and free will are intriguingly posed and clunkily answered in The Adjustment Bureau .
The film degenerates into a repetitive game of cat and mouse in which Roger Sterling chases Jason Bourne through a bunch of magical doors .
Big Brother fantasy with style and real feeling , courtesy of an excellent Matt Damon-Emily Blunt pairing .
Despite wobbling under the weight of some hefty ideas while straddling two genres , this sci-fi mystery surprises by emerging as a sweet , star-powered romance .
The film meanders between its two styles and sets of concerns , but it adds up to a solid piece of cinema entertainment with a few brain-tweaking moments of paranoia .



@highlight

First-time writer/director George Nolfi struggles to maintain a consistent tone , but The Adjustment Bureau rises on the strong , believable chemistry of its stars .