A typically uneven fake documentary ...
Decided that sticking to the formula was more important than letting something organic or crazy happen .
A collection of sketches does not add up to a drama in this case
For every scene that goes nowhere -- and there are more than a few -- there 's some comedy gold lurking around the corner .
THE GRAND has it 's funny moments , and there were some things that I laughed hard at , but it 's 104 minutes , which is much too long to be consistently funny .
The year 's big dramatic gambling hit , 21 , is all plot , no personality ; The Grand , a comedy that follows six contenders into the finals of a poker tournament , is all personality , no plot . I 'll take personality .
The Grand gambles on its cast 's improv chops but comes up only with a pair of sevens .
Without Cheryl Hines or Chris Parnell , The Grand would be a fast fold .
Just showing us what ex-sitcom stars and Bavarian directors do in their spare time is n't quite enough to justify The Grand , which does for poker what Best in Show did for dogs while completely avoiding any jokes about poker-playing canines .
There 's nothing under the surface of the comedy , although it 's rarely less than amusing and frequently hilarious .
The new film The Grand should have been called Werner Herzog Steals the Show because that 's precisely what he does in this mockumentary about a poker tournament .
One-eyed Jack Faro 's chances are n't assured but low odds amusement is yours for the buy-in . Satire has been dealt better hands with less bluff .
Worth a gamble .
There may be too many cooks here , too many TV stars trying to make an impression in a relatively high-profile independent film , but they connect just often enough to leave you smiling .
You eventually get the feeling that the actors are riffing mainly for each other . Their attitude is , ` We 're talented , trust us , we know how to be funny , ' but in the end , it 's mostly just a bluff .
There are small pleasures , but not many . It especially underwhelms when you consider how Penn seemed to have found a new paradigm for this now-hoary comic form .
There 's enough good material in the first act to almost merit a recommendation , but , like a poker player who just stops getting dealt the cards he needs , the film runs out of chips long before the credits roll .
-LSB- Director Zak -RSB- Penn eases into the candid style and subdued rhythms of the mockumentary with a breezy confidence .
The film is not much more than a gusher of oddball character sketches and ricocheting gags , but its manic pace and over-the-top inventiveness make The Grand a solid bet .
It 's hard to believe that a lineup so stellar could generate so few laughs , but there it is .
It 's obvious that The Grand 's director , Zak Penn , set out to make the Best in Show of high-stakes poker , but to raise the ante , he piles up the absurdities and zany backstories .
There 's a lot of material there in the poker world that is ripe for satire but it misses the boat here almost always .
The Christopher Guest troupe could n't have done it any better , because they would have just done the same contrived characters and uninspired bits .
This has lots of TV sitcom stars working very hard to be funny with ludicrous characters . If an actor looks like he 's laboring to be funny , he is n't .
The Grand is in the grand tradition of Christopher Guest ` mockumentary ' comedy satires : Its greatest asset is its eclectic , quirky-funny cast .
Even if you know nothing at all about the game , you 'd be hard-pressed to find better entertainment for such a modest entry fee .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Penn could not have selected a more spoof-worthy venue than the world of high-stakes Texas Hold 'Em , and he has packed his film with actors -- many of them sitcom or sketch comedy stars -- who get the point of the exercise .
As middling mock-docs go , I 'll put The Grand ahead of that paintball one -LRB- Blackballed : The Bobby Dukes Story -RRB- and Bob Saget 's Farce Of The Penguins . And then I 'll fold .
The ` card flick ' has usually been a standard western , drama or crime deal -- that is , until a pack of mostly veteran comic actors tried their hand at improvising , Christopher Guest-style , in the highly amusing The Grand .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Penn has crucially miscalculated , mistakenly assuming we 'd rather watch comedic actors play poker instead of watching them be funny .
If it never achieves the balance of broad laughs and barbed insights into human frailty of , say , A Mighty Wind , it delivers plenty of sharply funny moments .
This failure of steely intention , combined with a not quite satisfactory resolution of the fates of the characters , keeps the movie just shy of being a first-rate comedy .
The sort of half-baked vanity project favored by the Tribeca Film Festival , Zak Penn 's The Grand features a slew of recognizable faces in a fitfully funny improvised comedy .
Penn only wanted to create his world , not explore it , and failing that he axes the players as quickly as possible as though he 's bored and ready for the credits
Too much of The Grand is eaten up by thin conceits that go nowhere .
Director Zak Penn is n't quite up to -LSB- Christopher -RSB- Guest 's level but the highlights of The Grand suggest he could be someday .
The entire film is just too low-key and bland to stir enthusiasm .
The Grand lacks any sort of urgency or inner propulsiveness ; the actors do their little goofs , then hand them off to the next , lending the jest the frolicking but ultimately monotonous quality of a game of tag .
Put Herzog at the same table as Hines , Harrelson , Parnell , Cross , and Farina , and poker on film starts to look a lot less dull . Imagine what they could do with Monopoly .
Zak Penn 's The Grand is a seesaw , but the setting -- the high-stakes poker subculture -- is remarkably fertile and the actors are a treat .
Did Zak Penn 's The Grand , an improvisational comedy set in the world of poker , cast itself ?
If you 're a fan of watching poker on television and inventive comedy than The Grand is an entertaining experience that delivers on its premise .
As my idol Joe Bob Briggs used to say , that 's an awful lot of plot getting in the way of the story .

@highlight

The Grand has moments of comic ingenuity , but the jokes in this poker satire often miss .