A tribute to and stroking of its subject ... And by canonizing Kane , displaying this hulking angel with such innocence , the film is soulless .
Excels at telling the extraordinary story of a bizarrely ordinary man .
The Doll in the title of the fine , touching documentary New York Doll is far from a supermodel .
Touching and funny , with an unforgettable ending that could not have been better if it were fiction . One of the best films of the year .
The details , the personalities and the final twist grab you until you 're left truly shaken and inspired .
In the end , it is hard to not feel that God does work in mysterious ways , if the life of Arthur ` Killer ' Kane is any example .
A stirring film that -LSB- turns -RSB- Arthur Kane 's largely heartbreaking rock and roll life into a small monument to the power of friendship and the wonders of the spirit .
A nimble , handsome film that also happens to be about a noteworthy guy : the late Arthur ` Killer ' Kane .
Whiteley delicately balances both Kane 's newfound devotion and his more glamorous rock 'n' roll past and pays respect to both .
The odyssey is atypical and historically fascinating , but philosophically and structurally lopsided - - a textbook example of the right-place-at-the-right-time school of filmmaking .
New York Doll is still a revelation , and a fine companion piece to End of the Century , the edgier and uglier history of another post-Dolls band , The Ramones .
The late Johnny Thunders did n't write You Ca n't Put Your Arms Around a Memory until after the Dolls had broken up , but this lovely little heartbreaker of a movie takes the sentiment as its own .
An intimate portrait of a man who has lived the hard life and finally opted for serenity . Things do n't turn out the way you expect , but that 's part of what 's surprising and moving about this film .
You need n't be a fan of rock and roll to be both amused and moved by this documentary ... a winningly bittersweet little film .
-LSB- A -RSB- respectful and subtle look at the difference faith can make in one 's life .
Becomes a lovely portrait of a man coming back to himself , without forgetting what else he 's become .
It 's hard to imagine much of an audience for this film outside of the limited ranks of Dolls fans , or those who swoon over any whiff of celebrity ruin and retrieval , regardless of how conventional .
One of those stories so incredible that even the most creative Hollywood screenwriters could n't have come up with it .
Rocking , warm , funny , touching and even heartbreaking . Just like Arthur .
As the credits roll , New York Doll transforms from a puff piece about an aging rock star into a moving rumination on a man 's final grasp for redemption .
Makes for a modestly touching journey .
Poignant and moving , with an ending no screenwriter could improve on , New York Doll is like the best episode of VH1 's Bands Reunited ever .
This might be the only documentary that will appeal to punks and Mormons alike .
New York Doll has a killer surprise ending that may leave even hard-core punkers reaching for the Kleenex .
The film paints an affectionate portrait of a wry , somewhat addled man whose hard-partying past was in stark contrast with his later life -- a fluffy cat nestles in his guitar case while he explains his nickname .
Doll chronicles what happened when Morrissey came calling to reunite the Dolls for one show in London .
A bittersweet little film .
Greg Whiteley 's small , tender documentary portrait looks at life after rock 'n' roll as experienced by the original bassist for the New York Dolls .
As journeys go , this is one to treasure .
A funny , exhilarating and ultimately bittersweet paean to an era and a man .
At 75 minutes , you ca n't afford to skip this one .
Whitely , to his great credit , unfolds this tale simply , just as it was lived .
A fascinating study of a man who once had fame and fortune , lost it all , but was able to get a second chance
Surely there have been filmmakers who knew less about music going into their first music documentary than Greg Whiteley , but none springs to mind .
More music , fewer talking heads , would have been better .
A fine documentary which earns mileage on the charm and sincerity of its subject while losing points for occasional lapses into evasiveness .
One of those rare documentaries that begins right and ends even better , providence endowing an already compelling project with even more remarkable real-life twists and turns along the way to a conclusion that rivals even the most imaginative fiction .
I have to admit , even though I was barely out of diapers when the Dolls were in their heyday , it was great seeing them play live .
The best advertisement for the Mormon faith since My Ten Wives .
Poves that Mormonism and makeup-adorned punk rock are n't oil and water entities .
A straightforward rockumentary that is as heartwarming as it is rockin ' .
A charmer .
A tender take on life after stardom .









@highlight

Arthur Kane is a fascinating subject in what ultimately proves to be a touching , bittersweet documentary .