The movie may be slight and a bit predictable , but these two actors are wonderful to watch .
An unexpectedly classy film . Not for kids .
Hoskins and Dench share a unique chemistry that pierces the story 's heavy-handed construction .
Mrs Henderson 's irrepressible dominance ensures that all the other characters in her orbit seem static and soulless , not unlike the girls in the theatre 's nude tableaux .
There 's chemistry and tension aplenty in this bittersweet character study .
One of those `` prestige '' pictures that you can watch with your dear old Mom ... provided your Mom wo n't be offended by the unclothed young ladies .
Do n't expect sex , satire or `` upstairs/downstairs '' irony , just a good song , a flash of sequins and the possibility of a wartime romance -- oh , the joys of nostalgia !
The breast movie of the year ...
a thoroughly enjoyable film
Una comedia dramática con iguales dosis de picardía y emotividad , sostenida en dos buenas actuaciones de Judi Dench y Bob Hoskins .
Mainly an excuse for the entertainment industry to toot its own horn , again .
Judi Dench shines but her movie is a little sketchy
A charming piece that entertains without getting heavy , yet dares to make poignant statements when the moment is right .
When exactly did one of cinema 's most accomplished actresses turn into one of its most boring ?
Naked ladies may be the enticement , but the main attraction of Mrs. Henderson Presents is Dench and Hoskins squabbling like the old married couple that they are n't .
Dench deserves better , and unfortunately it will probably be a long time before she gets another starring role in a movie custom-made for an actress her age .
Dench can say more with just her eyes than many young actresses of today can say with whole pages of dialogue .
Frears ' skimpy plot is only a false front for the nudity , which includes a peek at Hoskins ' naughty bits . Dame Judi , to her everlasting credit , keeps her clothes on .
... perfectly pleasant and exceedingly predictable ...
Dench 's performance is wonderful fun .
Even in its finest hour , still a sad little movie about the guilty thrill of ogling nudity
There 's no denying it 's fun to watch .
If Britain 's demurely charming Ealing Studios had ever made a nudist comedy , the result could be close to Mrs. Henderson Presents .
The picture is humorous but straightforward , its mores seeming to reflect the mores of the time .
Moves along at an enjoyable clip , and Dench grabs hold with every acidic line of dialogue and every sharp-eyed glance .
In its desire to counteract the image of the stuck-up Brit , the movie ends up wallowing in its own silliness .
Worms its way into our hearts thanks to a terrific cast , solid directing from Stephen Frears and , yes , naked girls .
Though nudity will keep this from being a family film , for those who love the family of the theater , this postcard from its past is worth framing in your heart .
If you 're attracted to movies whose charms involve recollecting simpler times , Mrs. Henderson will do nicely .
The greatest pleasure of Mrs. Henderson Presents is watching two of the grandest British lions taking their talents for a long walk .
While Mrs. Henderson Presents has about it an unappealing whiff of award-seeking calculation , it also embodies the professional virtues of what we might call the British cruiser-weight film .
Dame Judi Dench rules the screen . It 's 2005 's richest performance by an actress .
Moviegoers who relish the thought of hearing the imperious Dench pronounce various circumstances as ` delicious ' or ` intolerable ' are most likely to enjoy this film .
... a wonderful tribute to the notion that you 're never too old to shake things up a bit .
Dench is the world 's greatest living actress , and she imbues Mrs. Henderson with a life and spirit that lifts the film above its predictability .
Although Mrs. Henderson Presents takes a promising running start , only Dench manages to soar on ` show must go on ' wings .
A lively period piece elevated by a winning pair of leads .
No actress has been as purely delightful to watch all year as Dench is tromping her way through this effervescent comedy , which falters only during its inevitably somber final act .
The dynamic between Van Damm and Henderson bubbles with delicious tension ; a barely suppressed sexual dynamic palpitates beneath the stinging insults and bitter condescension .
Dench 's Henderson is one of those fabulously entertaining old broads whose money emboldens her to say anything she wants at any time . You hang on her every stinging word .
A delightful confection with something more bubbling away under the surface in the way the film normalizes sex and sexuality in a refreshing manner .
If you enjoyed the likes of `` Waking Ned Devine '' and `` Calendar Girls , '' please head out and see it , as Mrs. Henderson might say , this very instant
Before the movie leaches into sentiment toward the end , Judi Dench 's good time is infectious .
You might expect more with this cast and the titillating subject matter but it is -LRB- like some nudes -RRB- less interesting when completely revealed .
The role of Mrs. Henderson may not have been written with Judi Dench in mind , but it 's hard to imagine who else might slip into the part so effectively .
If you squint even a bit , you could swear that Miramax is alive and well .
Never a bad movie , its problem is that it does n't contain a single compelling moment .
The movie is a reminder of how important art -- more especially controversial art -- can be in a time of war .
The redoubtable Mrs. Henderson is the sort of character that Dench was born to play : funny , eccentric , cranky and with a spine of all-too-visible steel .
Hoskins and Dench are fine as the oddly matched couple whose professional bickering masks personal respect and affection , and they have a nice scene together to close the movie on a warm note .
It 's a variety show of a film with something for everyone if nothing of great consequence .
Perfectly enjoyable entertainment for anyone who can abide showbiz sentimentality .
Frears gives us a sweet , old-fashioned study of time and place and one unsinkable woman .
... gets lost in a series of sentimentalities .
Mrs. Henderson Presents whips up a sexy bit of froth that goes flat only near the end when the movie tries to justify itself .
a wonderful , playful , fun movie until Frears suddenly realizes he has Judith Dench and Bob Hoskins on board and decides , THIS SHOULD BE MORE DRAMATIC !
The film may be as slick as a snake-oil salesman , but you have to have a very hard heart indeed not to find it irresistible : It 's funny , touching and crammed to the rafters with clever dialogue , splashy production numbers and stiff-upper-lip charm .
Humor and warmth abound .
Me , I prefer my candy bittersweet . But purring Dench and sparring Hoskins are agreeable company .
It 's an amusing and well-meaning celebration of the stiff-upper-lips that got Britain through the Blitz . And the lead acting could n't be more nimble .
A dear film , sentimental and fond , full of beautifully acted British resolve .
Mrs. Henderson Presents begins with zippy animation but cuts immediately to a funeral , and that 's exactly how you should expect the movie to go .
Dench 's Oscar-worthy performance is a delight . She turns Mrs. Henderson into a cross between the stereotypical little old lady and a hurricane . As Guest 's character discovers , you 've got to love her even as she 's steamrolling you .
Mrs. Henderson Presents is not great cinema , and neither was the Windmill great theater , but they both put on a good show .
As the story 's disjointed perspective widens the energy dwindles and the film loses focus .
You can take Harvey and Bob Weinstein away from Miramax -- but you ca n't take that foolproof ` Miramax Formula ' away from the Weinsteins .
Trading decades of muzzled vitality for a new lease on subversive spirit , Laura Henderson proves that it 's never too late to live a little .
If you 're going to watch `` Mrs. Henderson Presents '' you 'd better be prepared to see a lot of breasts .
Wickedly funny .
One 's left with the feeling that Frears , Dench and Hoskins are coasting here in a film whose occasional modest pleasures evaporate before the final credits begin to roll .
Although technically not a musical , Mrs. Henderson Presents is filled with musical numbers , some of them quite accomplished .
... the picture is as tastefully pretty as its girls , and just as motionless .
Such an odd mixture of old-fashioned sentiment and bare skin that it 's either the dirtiest clean movie or the cleanest dirty movie ever made .
Mrs. Henderson Presents does present opportunities for Dench to point her nose in the air . But then the film loses track of her character to an extent and begins concentrating on others that are less interesting .
Stephen Frears has accomplished the near impossible . He 's made movie full of naked women that manages to be not the least bit titillating .
Director Stephen Frears usually excels at jumping genres , but fails to do so within a single film .
An opportunity missed for an entertainment of more substance , but Frears keeps it light and Dench keeps it afloat for a charming and stylish , if essentially forgettable , excursion into British nostalgia .
The diminished return of the English striptease comedies ... neither swanky nor funny enough to entertain , and Sherman 's shallow script never earns its melodramatic turns .
A sloppy vaudeville turn by those glorious troupers Judi Dench and Bob Hoskins in what amounts to a silly orgy of nostalgic patriotism and the titillating naughtiness of stationary nudity .
It 's a classy , laugh-out-loud crowd pleaser with dual tour-de-force performances by Judi Dench and Bob Hoskins .
This is a film whose strongest suit is its dialog and some charming characters . You could do much worse for a holiday season film .
A humorous , daft little film about a humorous , daft little lady .
Coming on the heels of Felicity Huffman 's Transamerica , this would seem to confirm that the Weinstein boys are officially back in business .
Dench and Hoskins bicker with an affectionate ferocity that helps defuse the story 's inherent sentimentality , and the result is an admittedly minor , but authentic , holiday treat .
Based on a true story , Mrs. Henderson Presents is a delightful and frothy comedy guaranteed to tickle the funny bone and bring a smile to the face .
In the annals of no-sex-please Brit nudie revues , this Oscar hopeful falls between the The Full Monty 's Rabelaisian stew and Calendar Girls ' charming but thin broth .
Just because the film starts taking itself seriously does n't mean you have to .
Subplots subbing for a story line is an effort with little payoff .
Frears ' lazy directing and Sherman 's meandering script insistently go for the safe , for the cozy , each and every time the film shows a glimmer of potential .
The comedic scenes in Mrs. Henderson Presents are light but effective , but the drama is way over the top , especially when Mrs. Henderson almost literally gets on a soapbox and delivers a speech about the importance of topless women in times of war .
`` Mrs. Henderson Presents '' is an old fashioned , plucky British-stiff-upper-lip-during-thye-blitz movie that does a lovely job in creating a look and feel reminiscent of the period it portrays .
Even though it 's about nudity , this is most definitely family entertainment .
Filled with delicious lines and intricate relationships , director Stephen Frears guides this British period piece set just before the outbreak of World War II as smoothly as a ripe piece of French brie is washed down by a good glass of red wine .
The live nude girls notwithstanding , this is the Dench and Hoskins show , and they both rise to the occasion -- bickering , bantering and sniping at each other with genteel glee .
-LSB- The film -RSB- rarely bares its claws or its teeth , just its heart -- which , as we all know , can be a sincerely misguided piece of equipment .
Mrs. Henderson Presents is pretty but static . There 's flesh from wall to wall , all right . But the movie never comes alive .
Mrs. Henderson Presents is a classy crowd-pleaser with two stars who can pretty much count on Oscar nominations .
Just as there will always be an England , there will always be a certain kind of English film : the highly polished entertainment , well-acted , genteelly amusing and impeccably turned out .
The splintered , bantering relationship between Mrs. Henderson and Van Damm -LRB- and the chemistry between Dench and Hoskins -RRB- is what gives the movie its slender charms .
A not-so - grand star vehicle for the Grand Dame .
The film has its greatest spark when Hopkins and Dench are on screen together and those moments are far too rare in its second half .
Curious as to why Judi Dench has been nominated for 4 Oscars , 5 Golden Globes , 8 SAG Awards , and 20 BAFTAs ? See this film and you 'll understand why .
Ultimately too light to be remembered for more than a day or two after you see it , largely in part to the stalled story that appears more than happy to spin its wheels until Dench and Hopkins get to make their big `` for your consideration '' speeches in the
Stephen Frears seems constitutionally incapable of making an uninteresting movie .
Overall , Henderson hits more than it Mrs. -- er , misses -- thanks mostly to the crackling interplay between those two ol' pros , who make it look so easy .
Mrs. Henderson Presents bestows Dench with a distinctive role , and her feisty enthusiasm saves the picture from becoming obese with narrative ambition .
Acknowledges the public 's omnipresent taste for naked ladies in a tasteful fashion ... This sounds funny , and it is .
Dench keeps a lid on her performance , not pushing the comedy over the top , so that behavior that would seem cutely impish in another has the more appealing sparkle of subverted refinement .
By the end of the picture , you 're left marveling at how -LSB- Director -RSB- Frears has kept the whole thing so crisp and so fun .
There is n't much going on in Mrs. Henderson Presents beyond the odd-couple routine , some gaudy musical numbers and artful nudity .
The film is supremely well crafted : Raucousness and wit slide into sadness , and yet you never feel as if you 're being worked over by a bunch of slicksters .
All is joyful vulgarity until World War II churlishly bursts in , generating oodles of Dunkirk spirit and swelling Martin Sherman 's awful script into such orgies of cliché , you want to bottle it .
There is no drama , unless you count the wallflower romance of Hoskins and Dench , doing the Britcom shtick that 's becomes her version of autopilot .
Deftly balancing both the laughs and the tears , Frears ' film is uplifting and engrossing .
It 's impossible not to warm to the movie , which combines a quirky showbiz tale with stiff upper lips in war-torn London .
Martin Sherman 's script presents a genuinely fascinating slice of history , enlivened with some catchy songs , some imaginatively staged dance numbers and , oh yes , lots of naked flesh .
It comes highly recommended and is right at home in the company of other end-of-the-year ` prestige ' pictures .
This is Dame Judi 's show . However extraordinary an actor she may be , she can not conceal the obvious fact that she 's having the time of her life here . Is n't that delicious ?
A rip-roaring , crowd-pleasing , grand ole time .
Dame Judi Dench is utterly delightful in this witty and whimsical crowd pleaser
The always-reliable Stephen Frears , a master of symmetry and narrative coherence , has come up with another jewel .
I 'm tempted to borrow one of Mrs. Henderson 's lines and call the film a `` frivolous distraction '' except a `` frivolous Oscar bid '' is more like it .
A smashing performance by Judi Dench as an upper-class London widow who finds a new lease on life that arouses both her spirit and her spunk .
Judi Dench and Bob Hoskins are made for each other as they develop a love-hate relationship in this intriguing offering .
Though more grounded than last year 's Being Julia -LRB- also set in London , at the same time -RRB- , this is still a slender tale elevated by some personal intrigues and fluffy tableaux .
It 's a simple plot , really , but a feisty tone and prickly characters bring it energetically to life
It takes a while to get going , but it pays off in the end .
... Oscar bait ...
-LSB- The film is -RSB- buoyed along by the redoubtable Judi Dench , giving an acerbic reading of a formidable woman . But the failure to create tangible conflicts or satisfyingly developed characters around her is problematic .
An absolute delight from start to finish .
Mrs. Henderson presents a pretty lacklustre songbook ; the production numbers are more costume-party fun than musically enjoyable .











@highlight

Judi Dench and Bob Hoskins shine in this warm , witty period piece .