The 40-Year-Old Virgin knows what it 's doing .
On screen that takes about one minute in the final consummation , but in the case of the 40-Year-Old-Virgin , the film , the audience gets screwed for 90 minutes straight .
Apatow 's creative miscalculation here extends well beyond forgetting to give his characters much to do : He made a comedy that 's just not very funny
Judd Apatow might have been crowned the savior of American comedy , but the brutal truth is that he peaked with this , his first major hit . Sadly , so did Steve Carell . So savor this perfect moment that they shared , and scripted , together .
A pleasant surprise , The 40 Year Old Virgin stands apart from other gross out comedies mainly because of how it deals with the films main theme .
Simultaneously subversive and reactionary
Leave it to Judd Apatow to take a simple concept you 'd find in basically any sex comedy , and add his own original twist on it .
funny all way through
Mr. Carell and Mr. Apatow traffic in random humor and though their ability to sustain it is impressive , it 's at the expense of any real emotion . Which is a bit ironic .
Appeals equally to fans of no-holds-barred gross-out movies and those looking for something more intelligent . It 's hilarious , surprisingly perceptive , and even sweet .
An infuriatingly-offensive , soft-porn primer on how to treat girls as objects who exist at the disposal of men .
The movie belongs to Carell , who takes a one-joke role and turns him into a three-dimensional human being .
If it were 20 minutes shorter , it would be that much closer to perfect .
There are lots of stereotypes about grown-up virgins , but the film stands these stereotypes on their head , so much so that , by the end , our protagonist seems like the sanest character of the bunch .
Apatow 's sex comedy ... hits its stride eventually , and keeps us rooting for it ... thanks to its honesty and sweetness
The script is little more than an excuse for letting a bouncy team of sketch comics have their heads . Unlike most films pasted together in this way , it displays a certain cohesion .
At its best it resembles one of those classic early - '80s comedies starring Steve Martin -- the thinking man 's Woody Allen -- boasting an acute mix of desperation , dignity , lunacy and indecorous wit .
The script by Carell and director Judd Apatow is not for the prudish or easily offended . That said , it 's still one of the funniest movies of the year .
An often very funny sex comedy .
.
On the surface nothing more than a National Lampoon-style raunch-fest , this -LRB- highly -RRB- adult sex romp is unexpectedly sweet and full of heart . It 's also laugh-out-loud funny and the only picture this year where I performed a bona fide spit-take .
There 's crude , lewd humour , bawdy innuendo and surprisingly plenty of heart in this bad-taste romantic comedy that insists we tag along for the fun .
Apatow genuinely loves his hero , and the film 's innate sweetness carries it through the rough patches of a funny comedy with a central relationship that is n't particularly funny .
Era inevitável que um comediante talentoso como Carell ganhasse seu próprio filme .
The mature gross out comedy .
Count me among the naysayers .
It 's truly dirty and truly romantic at the same time , a combination that 's very hard to pull off .
Clever concept degraded by vulgarity . Far too long at just under two hours with some funny moments , counterbalanced by juvenile use of coarse language and situations .
There are moments of macho overindulgence but , for the most part , it 's perfectly pitched and splendidly funny .
Keener is as adorable as ever and there 's a chemistry between her and Carell that takes you by surprise .
It 's a joy to be in the hands of filmmakers who intuitively know the difference between rude and crude , who know that horny and heartfelt can exist in tandem and that jokes about race and sexuality are not the same as racism and homophobia .
With some serious editing , this could ' 've been one of the comedies of the year . As it is , it '` s strictly one for the lads .
The summer 's funniest , most affectionate and - as it happens - dirtiest comedy .
First half is flat and unfunny , second half picks up and ends well .
On the road to true love , as it turns out , there are a lot of dick jokes and a lot of gay jokes and a line-up of stereotypes .
Even Keener transcends her famous ball-busting screen persona and registers real warmth .
Kind-hearted , hilarious , and thankfully , rated R - no punches pulled makes for a funnier film .
Underneath all this idiotic crap , inconsistent characterizations , and plot points that are never developed , there is actually a warm , moving story
Do n't miss Steve Carell 's debut in a lead role ... it 's truly refreshing .
The scene you 'll most remember is when Andy agrees to a chest waxing .
What this Virgin lacks and desperately needs is - dare I say ? - someone with a little experience .
Overall , The 40-Year-Old Virgin finds a good balance between multiplex-pleasing body humor and multiplex-pleasing sincerity .
Apatow proves once again that a raunchy , R-rated comedy can still bring in a mainstream audience .
A gross-out comedy that makes its audience go ` awwww ' as much as it goes ` ewwww . '
It should n't work , but thanks to writer-director Judd Apatow and , particularly , writer-star Steve Carell , it does .
As funny as Virgin is , it could have had more depth and meaning . Comedy can do that , and when it does , something special is achieved .
I guess I lack the gene that finds gross-out humor and comedy applied with a sledgehammer funny . My advice is to stay as far away from this turkey as possible .
Sweet ... yet funny as hell .
Gets a big boost from a crack team of comic actors playing memorably offbeat characters .
The adult sex comedy is making a comeback .
If there 's a cinematic mile marker for the progress of the geek in our society , it 's this film .
They have written a story about likable people whom we care about , which allows genuine sweetness to coexist with the bawdy scenes and vulgar dialogue .
Steve Carell soars with the best comics in funny business .
These R-rated comedies sure know how to be raunchy . They just do n't know how to be short .
You just ca n't help but adore it .
So why ca n't they make more of these R-rated comedies ?
Overlong and slightly muddled , this is nevertheless an enjoyable showcase for the superb Steve Carell .
If you 're going to take home one naughty Hollywood flick this year , I think you 'll get lucky with this one .
Is it too late to crown The 40 Year Old Virgin as the funniest film of the summer ?
The 40-Year-Old Virgin made me laugh , and in the August dog days of summer films , that 's the best you can hope for .
A raunchy sex comedy with a sweet ` date movie ' center , ` Virgin ' is more sustained in both tone and story than the similarly strategized ` Wedding Crashers ' ...
A thoroughly adult comedy that , refreshingly , is n't toned down for the PG-13 brigade .
I was annoyed by it , and by its gross predictability -- up to , and including , its banana-oil-filled bromide of an ending .
A ribald , risqué yet surprisingly warm-hearted vehicle for Steve Carell .
The show I attended was barely half full , yet the laughter was rolling down the aisles in tsunami waves .
This virgin 's obsession with keeping his action figure collection in pristine condition is truly endearing , as is his notion that women 's breasts ` feel like sand . '
Its characters radiate contempt in so many directions that they heat with contempt from the inside out , as if in a microwave oven of scorn .
Might make a good skit on `` SNL '' but as a full movie - no way !
a comedy that sounds tacky and mean-spirited but turns out to be both tender-hearted and frequently hilarious .
It may be the funniest ribald comedy since ` There 's Something About Mary . '
It 's a love story , but it 's a comedy first and never forgets this . Go for the cold sore jokes and stay for the spooning .
-LSB- T -RSB- his unbelievably foul-mouthed ... and nonstop , gaspingly hilarious picture ... establishes faux-mild-mannered Steve Carell ... as a major big-screen comic star .
And here I thought this movie had a dumb-sounding title . Despite that , `` The 40-Year-Old Virgin '' is a hilarious sex comedy that 's smart , charming and sweet .
A raunchy one-joke premised comedy .
Rated ` R ' for repetitive .
THE 40-YEAR-OLD VIRGIN follows the tedious pattern of other recent boy-man movies : crude comedy leads to quaint romantic resolution .
Andy Spitzer is an unforgettable screen character , and his creators , Carell and Apatow , are undeniable talents .
Sweet , raunchy , and very , very funny .
I never thought I would identify so much with the characters in a sex comedy .
As much as I loved Wedding Crashers , I think The 40 Year-Old Virgin is even funnier . In fact , this is the funniest movie I 've seen so far this year .
It 's worth making a date with The 40-Year-Old Virgin . You wo n't go home disappointed .
This just might the first time trailers actually appear in the movie . For shame .
The 40 Year-Old Virgin speaks to the geek in us all , it 's democratic in its ridicule , and it makes you understand why sometimes a guy just wants to stay home and talk to his toys .
The 40-Year-Old Virgin disarms us -- it is , at its heart , a sweet-natured romantic comedy . Unfortunately , you have to clear away a fair bit of debris to find that heart .
If you 're an 18-year-old male and have recently consumed a six-pack of beer , you probably will think this is the funniest thing you have ever seen .
Despite a very lowbrow premise , the profanity-packed script is hilarious , and it also has a good heart .
Even crude humor can be deftly done -LRB- Chaucer led the way -RRB- , and Virgin drops its drawers with the glee of a happy camper .
The 40 Year-Old Virgin is the thinking person 's raunchy comedy .
Good-bye , sidekick . Hello , star !
It 's a little long , a lot lowbrow . But The 40-Year-Old Virgin is a stitch . See it if you could use a laugh .
It 's not great moviemaking -- it is n't as accomplished or funny as the best of the Farrelly brothers ' films , say -- but it 's got real appeal .
Steve Carell plays the title character in a charmingly bent comedy about a likable geek 's progress from action figures to real action .
The 40 Year-Old Virgin is a kooky kaleidoscope of a film , where right is wrong and smart is stupid .
Hilarious and imaginatively crude with a surprising sweet and subtle aftertaste that prevents it from flopping , limp and brainless , into the sugary abyss of romantic predictability .
The 40-Year-Old Virgin is often hilarious , thanks to its makers ' willingness to go in surprising directions with their humor .
The characters are over 30 so the humour and situations are far less juvenile than in abominations like Deuce Bigalow : European Gigolo or any number of Will Ferrell slapstick comedies .
Pretty good for a first time .
... an adult movie that actual adults might like .
The whole film is about embarrassment , about those moments of clammy vulnerability when the world just turns and stares .
A Kooky Virgin . The 40-Year-Old Virgin is comedy 's best bet this season .
If only losing it was so good for everybody .
Such a well-balanced mix of the gross and crude with the sweet and sympathetic that it transcends its inadequacies in a way that may make even the most suspicious woman let down her guard .
This film manages to sustain its laughs for the entire film , and when it takes the expected turn toward sweetness and sentimentality , it does so with such forcefulness , with such conviction , that you believe in it .
... for all its limitations , achieves its primary goal : making you laugh . You may hate yourself for doing so , but you 'll laugh just the same .
An undeniably likable quality helps make this smutty , silly late-summer entry more entertaining than many of its more polished counterparts .
The 40-Year-Old Virgin offers some sparkling insights about the cumulative effects of performance anxiety , about how guys struggle with the transit from boys to men with little help from their pals .
The good-natured tone of the film and the wonderful comedic talents of the entire cast -- especially Carell -- make the gross-out moments charmingly relatable .
The answer is , unequivocally , yes . Yes , Steve Carell can carry a movie .
While it trawls the depths of bad taste , it also maintains at its core something humane and universally identifiable -LRB- even if it is corny -RRB- that puts it in the special league of films that are at once nasty and nice .
At first you think this is going to be another one of those ` guy comedies ' where the jokes are raunchy and offensive , halfway through it settles down into a rhythm that works .
-LSB- Carell 's -RSB- touched us for the very first time .
Watching a good-hearted virgin is infinitely more enjoyable than spending time with a European gigolo .
Carell provides more than enough pizzazz and boyishness to make this work as a comedy and a bit of a charmer .
Balances gross-out humor with moments of genuine wit and even a little warmth .
Carell 's real appeal is his complete and abject willingness to do anything for a laugh .
Carell brings something funny , and oddly real to Andy -- a touch of embarrassment , a bit of self-loathing , a genuinely sweet concern .
... it does n't have the cleverness to match its charisma .
Carell and Apatow 's script is so hip , funny and -- yes -- innocent that it 's never offensive .
At the risk of sounding like a party pooper , The 40-Year-Old Virgin is essentially the joke spelled out in the title stretched out for nearly two hours , with lots and lots of dead spots .
Big salute to rookie director Judd Apatow and funnyman Steve Carell for reinvigorating the R-rated comedy .
Steve Carell finally gets his due .
What is surprising ... is how funny that raunchiness is , how sweet the romance bubbling under that raunch , and how utterly winning actor Steve Carell is in the title role .
I 'd happily sit through separate films about any of Virgin 's co-stars .
In this summer of raunchy , hilarious R-rated comedies , Virgin fits right in -- even if the one-joke premise gets a little stale towards the end .
a raunchy comedy that also has an undercurrent of sincerity to it .
The 40-Year-Old Virgin is possibly the best comedy of the year
The raunchy humor is at least one notch above Wedding Crashers and even makes American Pie seem pretty tame .
Turns low-brow humor into high art .
It 'll take more than one film to secure Carell 's place as a comic star but The 40 Year Old Virgin turns out to be a good start .
The 40 Year-Old Virgin is one of the funniest movies I 've ever seen . Yeah , I said it .
If you do n't come out of this theater smiling , well then my friend , I 'm sure Rob Schneider would appreciate your business .
Although nearly every scene is funny , the movie is overstuffed at almost two hours .
... THE 40-YEAR-OLD VIRGIN does it all , and it does it very , very well .
Sure , it 's a fairly broad sex comedy , but it 's a sweet one .
Essentially a relationship comedy masquerading as a sex farce .
A surprisingly funny , if disposable , movie .
-LSB- Carell -RSB- makes the most of his chance at the spotlight , and has increased the possibility of his becoming a household name with an effectively funny comedy .
40-Year-Old Virgin hits swell comedic highpoints , and the sheer vibe of the picture is so cheery and bawdy that it 's impossible to hate .
Wedding Crashers will gross close to $ 200 million by run 's end . If that 's the playing field comedy fans want to set , then The 40-Year Old Virgin deserves to outgross Titanic .
It almost made me forget about Deuce Bigalow : European Gigolo . Almost .
could have been the funniest and sweetest movie of the year
Sweet and raunchy in equal measure , which I suppose makes it the aged-to-perfection version of American Pie .
Simply put , this movie is the adult sex comedy that ` Wedding Crashers ' could have been .
Filthy , funny and sweet in equal measure .
A near-perfect sex comedy , made by smart people who understand that crassness itself is not funny , but that crassness with a dash of cleverness is .
A good-hearted entertainment with real crossover appeal . Successful enough to leave viewers with a warm feeling inside and a smile on their face .
-LSB- T -RSB- his is n't , at its heart , a comedy . It 's an achingly sad tale about loneliness and hopelessness ...
As a star vehicle for Carell , as a raucous R-rated gigglefest , even as a sentimental date movie , it hits every target at which it aims .
It 's hilarious , it 's sex-obsessed and it 's 15 minutes longer than it needs to be .
The 40-Year-Old Virgin is surprisingly insightful , as buddy comedies go , and it has a good heart and a lovable hero .
A nostalgic , sentimental and wholly bawdy comedy that will make you laugh until your sides hurt .
A surprisingly sweet and funny ode to male friendship and middle-aged love .
An hilariously funny performance anxiety movie -- but what makes it work is that the under-used organ it focuses on is Andy 's heart .
A bracingly coarse , surprisingly tender movie .
The Wedding Crashers may have the bigger names , but The 40 Year-Old Virgin is the better film ... one of those rare R-rated comedies that can be described as sweet
The 40-Year-old Virgin maintains a deft balancing act , playing raunchy sight gags and rude dialogue against heartfelt moments .
This is the one you 've been saving yourself for .
The 40-Year-Old Virgin is one of the best comedies ever made .
An unconscionably funny sex farce that , by its end , turns into a tender and honest romance , an acute portrait of loneliness and , believe it or not , a musical .
Those looking for the coarse , sometimes cheap laughs promised by the movie 's attention-getting title wo n't be disappointed .
The 40-Year-Old Virgin is too long , too sexist , and too -- shall we say -- flaccid .
This character-driven comedy , with its excellent cast and let 's - get-nutty finale featuring songs from Hair , is well worth your time .
Dignity ... is the defining quality .
Rude and lewd , full of potty humor and penis jokes , The 40 Year Old Virgin is the best comedy in years .
A comedy about loss , literally and figuratively .
It 's never less than amusing , but it 's never much more , either .
You are hereby advised not to bring an actual soda to the comedy , because you 'll laugh so hard you 'll spit it out all over the seat in front of you .
Since the clever , off-kilter , off-color , surprisingly character-driven guffaws just keep coming and coming , the movie is side-splitting in spite of its fundamental flaws .
Also known as ` Porky 's : The Mid-Life Crisis Edition . ' Your reaction is going to depend on your tolerance of humor that 's rude , crude and in-your-face .
The 40 Year-Old Virgin is buoyantly clever and amusing , a comedy of horny embarrassment that has the inspiration to present a middle-aged virgin 's dilemma as a projection of all our romantic anxieties .
If you 're looking for a successor to There 's Something About Mary and American Pie , look no further . It has arrived . And , if I may be so bold , this is more enjoyable than either of them .
The lions guarding NY 's big public library roar when a virgin passes by . They 've been silent only because Steve Carell 's hilarious character Andy never visited New York .
Like Wedding Crashers , the movie has a cheerfully lewd energy ... and also like Wedding Crashers , it 's at least half-an-hour longer than it has any right to be .
Apatow 's big-screen directorial debut repeatedly nails the lewd comedic G-spot thanks to Carell .
-LSB- Continues the trend -RSB- whereby ethnic inclusiveness can write a blank check for ethnic stereotyping and the homo-panic jokes are supposed to be on the hetero lunkheads , not on , y' know , the gays .
Like a drunk friend at a bar , this movie 's not nearly as funny as it thinks it is .
When the audience is n't laughing , it 's just catching its breath .
Crude , sophomorically homophobic but frequently funny .
Sticking to one joke in an unconscionably long film makes for a very stale , witless and repetitive comedy .
I think this is one of the summer 's biggest , most pleasant surprises .
One of the funniest movies ever made .
Raunchier and funnier than Wedding Crashers , this is an R-rated comedy that despite crude surface and foul lingo has a generous heart and a sweet , almost naive center
A howlingly comic revel in bad taste .


@highlight

Steve Carell 's first star turn scores big with a tender treatment of its titular underdog , using raunchy but realistically funny comedy to connect with adult audiences .