While the acting is muted , the direction plodding , the suspense weak and the rude bits unnecessary , what might annoy WW2 purists here is the fact that this is all highly fictionalised .
Plummer and Janet McTeer , as the Kaiser 's wife , bring their customary class to proceedings . But they ca n't save a tepid mishmash that seems undecided whether it 's wartime romance , spy drama or fanciful political fable .
When the feature 's various aspects do shine - the individual performances , and the thoughtful way that each of the three main characters are forced to confront their place in the conflict , for example - it remains involving .
It 's a clunky espionage thriller crossed with Downton period drama .
Plummer plays the elderly Kaiser with a mixture of arrogance , roguish wit and vulnerability and completely steals the show .
The ridiculousness levels are very high .
The film moves at a good lick and it 's directed with a light touch by David Leveaux .
The dialogue 's sometimes clunky , and allusions to the atrocities of war are glossed over . But if you 're in the mood for a sexy , pacy period thriller , it does the job .
Freely adapted from Alan Judd 's novel The Kaiser 's Last Kiss , The Exception is the kind of historical adaptation the British excel at , resulting in so many recent television series that keep people glued to Netflix and Hulu .
A brilliant Christopher Plummer plays the Kaiser as a character reminiscent of a Tolstoy creation , an intelligent but mildly deluded ruler who never has accepted his fall from power .
The Exception treats the horrific historical realities of the Holocaust as mere suggestions of contextual plot , thus minimizing the horror , inhumanity , and affront to human dignity .
There is a sadness in everything -LSB- Christopher Plummer -RSB- speaks .
Rivals `` Casablanca '' as a rare combination of riveting war thriller and excellent love story .
A World War II thriller so out of date the only words to describe it are also obsolete - Potboiler and Cornball .
It 's that terrible knowledge , that we possess but the characters do n't , that adds a tension elevating `` The Exception '' beyond the conventional World War II thriller .
The Exception is , simply put , an exceptional World War II thriller .
The Exception 's line is not an easy one to walk , this marriage of soapy melodrama and real-world events , and with Courtney leading the parade , it 's destined for failure .
Old-pro Plummer finds some interesting angles in his Wilhelm - part of him wants to return to power , part of him sees the conflagration that has engulfed Europe and understands there is no going back .
Historically convincing in the visual details but completely bogus in terms of narrative , in particular the pallid central romance .
For all its late-in-the-game silliness , `` The Exception '' is a solidly acted , well-told tale about how love of country holds up in the face of other , less nationalistic passions .
The film 's worst faux pas , through no fault of its own , is that it 's too much like Paul Verhoeven 's exceptional `` Black Book . '' It was sexier , more stylish and better imagined all around than `` The Exception . '' Yet , I ca n't say I was n't entertained .
Leveaux 's direction of Himmler 's dinner is one of the film 's high points . It stops his characters dead in their tracks , a solemn beat before Leveaux orchestrates a three-pronged denouement delivering suspense and romance
I would rather more Kaiser , less lovey-dovey , and a better imagining of the man 's last days .
Grand acting carries `` The Exception '' through some nifty little World War II thrills from British director David Leveaux .
Courtney and James shine as Romeo and Juliet style lover in WWII espionage romance .
... an old-fashioned and handsomely mounted historical espionage thriller .
-LSB- O -RSB- ne wonders if the spy would serve as the more fitting protagonist here , capable of revealing the truth of history while the story still fiddles with some of the facts .
The stakes are high , with world war on the horizon , but events in this story do n't build to anything really big .
It 's hopeless tosh - but expertly done hopeless tosh .
The inestimable Christopher Plummer stars as the aging and disgraced Kaiser , and it 's worth seeing the film for him alone .
For the most part it works , both as a bizarre romance and a fanciful World War II almost-thriller .
A passably engaging film , but anyone expecting a serious deconstruction of Third Reich policies and complications of animal-like attraction are n't likely to be enlightened by anything presented here .
The Exception does n't need suspense . It 's got Christopher Plummer , 87 , a stage great who in this film gives a subtle , penetrating performance as Germany 's last emperor , Wilhelm II .
Leveaux 's is a romantic and pleasantly small film about love in an era when love always contested with duty to something greater .
The best reason for seeing The Exception is Christopher Plummer .
Fine acting ensemble successfully , absorbingly intertwines fictional characters with historical figures -LSB- in -RSB- a sexy separate peace ... Enticing , believable thriller for adults
While it aims for provocative historical speculation , the bulk of the film is too absurd to generate much suspense or emotional investment .
Elegant , well-acted and a good deal sexier than the material might suggest .
This quasi-biographical drama could have been a dry-as-a-bone history lesson , filled with exposition and explanation , but instead it turns into a glossy romance .
Both -LSB- James -RSB- and Courtney are lovely to look at and suit the costume designer Daniela Ciancio 's finely calibrated period outfits .
Yes , the narrative is occasionally clunky and there is often more tell than show . But a strong ensemble offers compensation .
This is somewhat well-trod ground ... But the sturdy , engrossing The Exception makes a moving portrait of individuals recalibrating their allegiances under the maw of the Third Reich .
The superb English stage director David Leveaux keeps the pacing taut while creating space for his actors to work their magic .
A handsomely mounted World War II-era romantic thriller , enlivened by vibrant performances and vivid sexual encounters and inspired by a little-known footnote to history , the story of a ruler who left but never went away .
`` The Exception '' is a diverting and occasionally exciting film , though it is rarely disturbing or thought-provoking in ways the material might require .
This is the kind of movie often referred to as `` handsomely mounted , '' for good reason , and these elements become the focus of a bored viewer . When the story is this awkwardly `` off , '' there 's always beautiful antique furniture to enjoy .
Intrigue swirls around the exiled Kaiser Wilhelm before a meeting with Nazi leaders in a capable World War II romance with memorable acting .
Whenever Plummer is onscreen , The Exception is scintillating entertainment . Unfortunately , it gets bogged down ...
The Exception is merely a serviceable drama taking us on a competent if predictable journey .
David Leveaux 's film cannily incorporates elements of spycraft and sheer trash into a familiar formula .
There 's also little question that the movie is frequently saved by offering another joyously entertaining performance by Christopher Plummer .
Leveaux 's film occasionally risks stuffiness , but he cuts that with a few truly sexy sex scenes , and enough tension and intrigue to deliver a satisfying , cathartic payoff .
The sheer flair and application of the leading cast is enough to ensure this narrative is brought to life , and just about remains engaging throughout .

@highlight

The Exception -LRB- The Kaiser 's Last Kiss -RRB- elegantly blends well-dressed period romance and war drama into a solidly crafted story further elevated by Christopher Plummer 's excellent work and the efforts of a talented supporting cast .