Garcia does a powerful job and his co-stars support him perfectly . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Andy Garcia is a pleasant enough guide to almost rate a visit to this City , but all the conflict here lies on the surface .
an enjoyably offbeat slice of amusingly dysfunctional family life
An enjoyable film .
Wacky film makes smoking , teen fetish part of the joke .
De Felitta chose well by casting 24-year-old actor Steven Strait , who gives the exasperated convict humor , charm , and sex appeal - something that does n't go unnoticed by Joyce , or many of the women in the audience as well .
Melding the abundant misunderstandings of a Shakespeare comedy with the New York wit of a Neil Simon play , City Island is a boisterous charmer with a big heart .
Everybody has a secret and is too dumb to work out what those secrets are , a specious bit of plotting designed to pad out the running time of this shrill farce beyond its natural sit-com length .
This feature might work better as a television series , but Garcia himself gives the picture some much-needed ballast .
There 's nothing earth-shatteringly new , but you do end up wishing the characters well , and I was happy to have spent time with them .
I wo n't make great claims for Raymond De Felitta 's film - it hardly makes them for itself - but I will say this for it : as an ensemble acting workout , it exceeds expectations from the top down .
An at-times marvellous muddle of high farce and low-brow chuckles .
This is n't a revolution in filmmaking , but a rare kind of comedy where the actors keep it real .
The script , by dyed-in-the-wool New York indie filmmaker Raymond De Felitta , is like someone 's homework for a screenwriting course . The secrets are n't interesting and you know a big showdown at the end is a given .
Garcia 's gift for comedy is a true revelation .
Sweet and satisfying .
Impressively directed and superbly written , this is an emotionally engaging , warm-hearted and frequently funny family drama with terrific central performances from Andy Garcia and Julianna Margulies .
Its revelations come too early , and many of its scenes are too long , but City Island is kept afloat by its unusual location and fine-tuned performances .
I would say that if you have a distaste for indie comedies about quirky families that co-star Alan Arkin , think twice .
In real life , I find relationships with loud , argumentative people exhausting . In the movies , though , they can be a lot of fun to watch .
This drama feels a little contrived due to the sheer number of issues faced by one family over a short period of time . But it 's so refreshingly well-acted , with lively characters and some fairly outrageous situations , that it keeps us fully engaged .
Andy Garcia demonstrates real comic chops in this charming comedy of family dysfunction .
City Island contains a lot of warmth and good humour making it an unexpected delight .
There 's a beating pulse to this emotionally complex story and writer director Raymond De Felitta has created a wonderful , involving film with flawed characters we understand and with whom we empathise . When the secrets start to unravel like a tightly coil
Contrived soap-opera , delineating yet another dysfunctional family - and woefully underutilizing its interesting locale .
The film has a likable , warm-hearted compassion for its characters . This generosity of spirit won my affection .
The sense of humour threaded through De Felitta 's writing is infectiously sarcastic enough to silence any cynics who might be watching , but also warm and wise enough to give the feelgood crowd the fuzzy feeling they are after .
While the film occasionally feels like an overblown sitcom , the cast is excellent and the crazy unfolding plotlines are a joy to watch .
Garcia gives a wonderful impression of a life-hardened non-actor finding his voice by drawing upon his own experiences .
Is mildly entertaining until it sinks from sentimentality .
For most of its 100 minutes , City Island is smart entertainment . The characters are involving , and the dialogue has snap . Before the ending falters , City Island has a personal , enjoyable verve .
-LSB- H -RSB- ilarious and witty portrait of a functional dysfunctional New York City family ...
Parental Content Review -LRB- all the details you need to know -RRB-
According to writer-director Raymond De Felitta 's blog entries on Salon.com , he has worked a long time to get his new movie City Island to the screen , maybe a little too long .
It just wants to entertain , and on that score it succeeds better than a lot of comedies with 10 times its budget .
Consider the unpretentious ` City Island ' fine counter-programming to the CGI monsters , bland romantic comedies , randy teens and spandex superheroes that clog the megaplex .
... City Island can be a moving piece of filmmaking when it gets serious and focuses on real people who are having real-life problems .
Resembles a Norman Lear television comedy , for better and worse ; it 's ` realistic ' but not exactly naturalistic .
... the movie has a good heart , and that 's what we respond to .
Strangely , this comedy-drama works pretty well a great deal of the time . The good cast certainly helps in that regard .
This is the kind of movie that could easily sink into comedy hijinks as broad and flat as pappardelle . But it does n't . De Felitta ... makes no apologies for the outrageousness of the coincidences and gloriously knotty relationships and secrets .
Writer-director Raymond De Felitta has cut together a frustrating comedy , with the misunderstandings piling up like kindling for a bonfire that his movie never lights .
A crowd-pleaser indie with comic chops and charm to burn
Just when City Island makes you want to say `` Enough with the yelling already ! '' it does , and the characters ' stories get softer , less wacky , more nuanced -- and more interesting .
The slice-of-life comedy City Island is a charming throwback filled with authentic characters .
A funny , heartfelt look at families , relationships and the lies that prop them up as much as tear them down .
Writer/director Raymond De Felitta has an uncommon talent for creating simple but compelling characters .
A sparkling example of independent filmmaking at its finest . This delightful family-oriented movie wears its heart on its sleeve .
The sentiment feels real and the payoffs feel earned , and those things are worth the price of admission .
Writer-director Raymond De Felitta is essentially offering a kinky-comic New Yawk version of a Greek tragedy here , and even if the whole thing is pretty implausible , it 's also fairly entertaining .
It has a basic goodness of heart that counteracts , if not entirely cancels out , the film 's broadness and busyness .
Some situational humor is predictable : with hunky Tony walking around shirtless , both wife and daughter feel a close , um , kinship . Well , of course they do . Because there 's chemistry ... and then there 's DNA .
-LSB- A -RSB- noisy , eccentric , bizarrely lovable film .
Andy Garcia , comedy cutup ? City Island gives the intense actor a fine comic showcase .
A very funny film , and one that operates at the sea level of humanity . Quaint . Slightly peculiar .
All the performances are warmly engaging , even though the characters are broad and scenarios occasionally extreme . For those tired of clashing titans or weepy teen romances , City Island is a breath of fresh air .
In spite of an overly elaborate series of mix-ups that are revealed in a paroxysm of absurdity in the final scene , the movie has a genuine heart and a delicate earnestness that is as amusing as it is affectionate .
Raymond De Felitta 's sweet little comedy is all about putting up appearances as opposed to following your muse .
In a season dominated by loud 3-D CGI flicks , this ethnic family comedy may be old-fashioned and too much like a TV sitcom , but it exudes charm and is very well acted by Andy Garcia , Alan Arkin and the rest of the ensemble .
one of the best films of 2010 . It finds the absolute magic of family life gone right , even as it seems to be going very , very wrong
The cast proves game for anything , from Emily Mortimer as Vince 's floridly English acting-class partner to a beleaguered , bewhiskered Strait , here displaying a comic prowess and fond knack for exasperation .
The performances are absurdly broad , and each story line is more outlandish than the last . But De Felitta 's approach is so easygoing , and the waterside setting so irresistibly charming , you 're bound to walk out in a great mood .
The outer-borough oddities of City Island are hard to resist .
> City Island is so beautifully cast and so warmly , gently amusing that the contrivances go down easy .
Another expertly written joyride through the confines of narrowminded provincialism to cleansing self-awareness from indie director de Felitta .
The complications have the appeal of a classic farce , and if the movie 's humor requires a suspension of disbelief , the actors are terrific , and there 's much pleasure in watching the way the drama redoubles and resolves .
A treat for movie lovers everywhere -- even if you 've never heard of the community where it takes place .
City Island scrapes by and delivers a smile or two because it does contain a fundamental understanding of the rot that sets in when people hide their true selves from the ones they love .
The movie 's comic machinery never stops clanking long enough for us to relax and genuinely enjoy the silliness . But the actors are enjoying themselves , and that goes a very long way .
Garcia and Margulies , who worked so well together in George Hickenlooper 's Man from Elysian Fields , show a sure feel for comedy here ...
De Felitta knows how to depict family dysfunction , but he lards his film with asinine quips and too many headache-inducing dinner-table shouting matches , and the humor is so contrived , Garcia 's Bronx accent sounds channeled through Fred Flintstone .
The movie too often equates drama with volume , and agita with authenticity .
Feeble but well-stuffed comedy .
I was won over by this movie 's affectionate , silly spirit .
-LSB- It -RSB- wo n't put -LSB- Garcia -RSB- back on the main road , but he tries some new things in it , and it 's fun to watch him work .
The movie does n't always make sense , but it 's very funny and seems to charm viewers wherever it plays . And the performances are terrific . Garcia is particularly good as a blue-collar guy with acting aspirations .
Writer-director Raymond de Felitta understands that a proper farce , like a good campfire , needs plenty of friction to get started .
I can think of far less pleasant ways to pass 100 minutes -- many of them playing now at a theater near you .
City Island is a relief for filmgoers dulled by Hollywood formula . Despite lapses into overstatement , it 's nothing but good , sweet , breezy times .
City Island runs through its stockpile of impossibly melodramatic scenarios and manages to make them , and the respective Rizzos in their throes , feel genuine .
All the family secrets must come crashing together , of course , in an implausible , if impeccably crafted , collision of botched confessions , mistaken identities , handcuffs and risqué outfits .
City Island offers few surprises and is content to leave audiences with a tidy , unquestioning view of traditional family values .
Andy Garcia reminds you of what a cunning , likable actor he can be .
... the film keeps clicking largely due to the very appealing performances of Garcia and Margulies ... , who not only are believable as a long married couple , but a couple that still has simmering chemistry beneath the simmering hostilities
Warm , broad and uneven , City Island almost thrives in the lite entertainment zone where ethnic family dramedy meets mildly raucous farce .
City Island is pure entertainment in the vein of Moonstruck . Star Andy Garcia has never been better or , surprisingly , more in his comedic element .
A professionally executed farce of the yelling-family variety .
De Felitta , who directed the wonderful Two Family House -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , has a great feel for New York City 's further reaches and a very sure hand with actors .
There are some capable actors here , working very hard with very little .
Garcia delivers a nerve-jangling tour de force tryout that will be appreciated by out-of-work actors for years to come .
it feels natural that the actors are what keep the more superfluous scenes from weighing down De Felitta 's film
Charming and funny ... obviously a labor of love that turns out to be worth every ounce of affection the cast and crew lavished on it .
An immensely entertaining film about family secrets and the many roles we play in our private and public lives .
City Island does n't achieve a secure heartfelt resonance , and while I do n't fault it for trying , it 's not easy to watch the film strain so hard to achieve so little .
An indie of the sort that achieved popularity during the 1990s but which has since fallen out of favor , City Island offers jokes worth laughing at and characters who earn their good turns of fortune .
Overflowing with ethnic energy .
Everybody 's got their secrets in City Island , something we 're reminded of early and often by writer-director Raymond De Felitta .
Who would think that a sleepy seaside snippet of the Bronx could foster a Faulkner novel 's worth of family skeletons ?
An affectionate portrait of a lower-middle-class , outer-borough clan , City Island works best as an actor 's showcase , with Margulies 's aggrieved , simmering wife the stand-out .
Deceptively funny , a blithe mix of smarts and feeling that never panders to the audience .


@highlight

Raymond De Felitta combines warmth , humanity , and a natural sense of humor , and is abetted by Andy Garcia and an excellent ensemble cast .