Gilles Bourdos succeeds in capturing both the sun-dappled landscapes of southern France and a feature of equal importance to Renoir , ` the velvety texture of a young girl 's skin ' .
RenoirI captures this trio at an important moment in their lives with a keen eye for detail that may provide too much information .
a bittersweet delight
Beautiful-looking but largely boring ... There have been some terrific films about artists , but this is n't one of them .
Michel Bouquet 's wonderful characterisation of Auguste Renoir remains the shining achievement of this delicate , reverential and sometimes gobsmackingly beautiful film
he soft Mediterranean light and the beautiful way in which the film is shot is certainly its strength . It is a pity that its tempo and story structure is not more engaging
Most films labor furiously , trying to infuse every frame with passion . Renoir is content to sit still , creating effortless beauty in the style of its subject , painter Pierre-Auguste Renoir .
Thanks to a remarkably unselfconscious performance from Christa Theret as Andrée Heuschling , we see the young model bringing the ageing impressionist painter Pierre-Auguste Renoir back to life - and ultimately inspiring his son Jean to become a filmmaker .
Gilles Bourdos ' biopic is plenty pretty but the drama is a still life .
Overly dependent on the beauty of its Edenic setting , which is lushly photographed by Taiwanese cinematographer Mark Ping Bing Lee .
You would need a soul of potash not to savour the delicious fauna and flattering southern light . But the film never gets far beyond the decorative .
The bright , warm sunlight of the Cte d'Azur casts a golden glow over a film set in the summer of 1915 .
The story falters when it runs through its very traditional , even hackneyed arcs ...
This gives a new meaning to Truffaut 's phrase le cinéma du papa .
With its warm colors and sweet streams of light , its love of both the countryside and the human form , it makes you dream of painting . Or making movies . Or just luxuriating in the brilliance .
Thanks to ace Taiwanese cameraman Mark Ping Bing Lee , it conveys the inspirational qualities of sun-dappled light and rosy flesh .
There is just something unsatisfying about Renoir , as a feature that promises so much and yet delivers so little .
A film of lazy days , sleepless nights and mellow moments that will likely test the patience of those unwilling to resign to its unhurried pace .
Rated R for ` art-related nudity . ' By that standard , should n't the Louvre be Adults Only ?
A portrait of the artist as an old fart .
You 'll never look at a Renoir work the same way again , whether it 's on a canvas or , in the case of Jean , celluloid . And for that , we can thank Andree Heushling , a beauty who inspired beauty in a most beautiful way .
Renoir is one of those movies where all the pieces are in place for something intriguing and insightful . To that end , the film fails .
Renoir is great at capturing some of the details of daily life within this unique household and conveying an Impressionist atmosphere on film , but as far as telling us a story , the film is a washout .
Renoir really does have the lush glory of a Renoir , and that is n't easy to sustain . Any given freeze frame in this thing is lovely to behold . See Renoir for the glorious light and Theret 's strong performance , but do n't expect a whole lot of conflict .
You will undoubtedly see better movies than Gilles Bourdos ' Renoir this year , but there 's a good chance you wo n't see a more breathtakingly gorgeous one .
Lush , captivating .
It 's that eye-popping surface that is the real star of `` Renoir , '' although the film is an agreeable if shallow look at the great artist in the twilight of his years .
Sensual , sophisticated and visually sumptuous , particularly appealing to an older audience of art lovers .
`` Renoir '' is a story of creativity in twilight , and at its dawning . Appropriately enough , most of its scenes are fit to be framed , all soft tones and sun-dappled .
`` Renoir '' does n't get much beneath the surface - but , good God , what a surface .
For those who just want to float away on waves of beauty , `` Renoir '' is a boating party .
Philosophy and analysis can wait for another day ; it 's pleasant enough to quietly revel in the pristine sunlight and unhurried pace of an era gone by .
Perhaps it 's damning Renoir with faint praise to call it agreeable , but Gilles Bourdos ' film ... shows an admirable restraint , quiet simplicity , and lush pictorial beauty .
If you are interested in Renoir , you 're better off gazing at his beautiful body of work .
Stately to a fault , the film is not enough drama , too much still life .
One would expect a film about French artist Pierre-Auguste Renoir to look beautiful , to be shot in warm , sumptuous colors . And one would not be disappointed in Gilles Bourdos ' `` Renoir . ''
If you love the paintings of Auguste Renoir or the films of his son Jean , there 's a good chance you 'll sit through this slow-moving prestige item .
Bourdos hired art forger Guy Ribes to be the ` hands ' of the painter , and so `` Renoir '' is a real look at art being created , showing us how nudes can be conjured out of a few rounded lines , how a stroke of brown paint defines a woman 's curves .
Gilles Bourdos 's film is more conventional than its mould-breaking subjects deserve .
As sensually beautiful as the work of its subject matter , French filmmaker Gilles Bourdos 's dreamy biography Renoir is more a series of tableaux than a narrative film .
Bourdos 's film offers an eye-pleasing approximation of the world that inspired Renoir to continue his prodigious output to the very end .
At least the French art house biopic is rich in ambiance .
The director Gilles Bourdos 's sunshiny Portrait of the Artist as an Old Man .
Accompanying the spirited muse of two Renoirs , a gorgeous immersion into nature , family , love , and art in the Côte d'Azur during the summer of 1915 .
Sumptuous , savvy study of art making , love and light . Much of the passion , however , is in the pictures .
Lovely , with everybody in the story more interesting than the dull , dedicated craftsman whose name provides the title .
The sequences of Renoir and his chambermaids luxuriating in the sun-soaked countryside summon up not only Renoir 's paintings but also such great Jean Renoir films as A Day in the Country . ''
A long string of picnics , portrait sessions , elaborate dinners , and countryside rituals , filtered through a svelte aesthetic pleasantness that ultimately corrodes its larger interests .
Like the paintings of the master , `` Renoir '' is beautiful to look at , but it would be a mistake to call the film -LRB- or its subject -RRB- shallow .
The performances are assured , the ambiance impeccable and the themes resonant .
Theret - who is supposed to be playing the muse to two great artists - never seems much more than young and pretty , and Rottiers only young and uncertain . When the film switches to them , it goes still .
Implicitly the movie asks : Is beauty truth ? Father and son supplied different answers .
A lush , involving film that deals not with one Renoir but two , as well as the strong-minded woman who was a key player in both their lives .
`` Renoir '' is so beautiful , and so intelligently conceived , that you keep waiting , in vain , for a bit of fire to break out in the narrative .
The movie , like its subject , refuses to stir up unnecessary melodrama .
Breathtakingly lush , lingering on subtle textures .
-LSB- An -RSB- atmospheric , well-acted period piece .
A voluptuous , under-dramatized account of Pierre-Auguste Renoir 's heroic final phase .
As gorgeous as it is leisurely and contemplative , this appropriately magnificent and impressionistic portrait of the elderly Pierre-Auguste Renoir in 1915 will delight art-house fans .
In short , it 's the story of how two great artists were influenced by the naked lady lounging around their house .
Wisely , director Gilles Bourdos keeps the pace slow , what with all the tensions beneath the surface : Oedipal conflict , career choices , even class struggle .
At least Mark Ping Bing Lee 's luscious cinematography distracts from the shallow storytelling . There are worse things than luxuriating in a two-hour Côte d'Azur travel ad .
Overly conventional film-making is compensated for by gorgeous photography on the sun-drenched Cote d'azur and by spirited performances from the ensemble .
What beguiles us is the chance to be with these people at that time , by means of a picture that is so sympathetically acted and so pleasant to look at .
An exquisite and sense-luscious French film about the great artist and his last muse .
Appreciative but undramatic look at the young woman who was vital to the Renoirs , father-painter Pierre-Auguste and son-filmmaker-to-be Jean .

@highlight

Appropriately enough , Renoir offers viewers a drama of sumptuous beauty -- which is more than enough to offset its frustratingly slow pace and rather thinly written screenplay .