... one of best scare-fests of the last year ...
The main merit of this is that the final result is , to some extent , original . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film is a festival for lovers of truly claustrophobic horror . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie is poised to punch a tension-filled ticket , but veers off into a heap of dimly explained gobbledegook about mad attempts to outwit death .
In the line of John Carpenter cinema , this Canadian horror film surpasses the average of the genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Through Kostanski & Gillespie 's inspirations and vision , they have crafted a work with The Void that serves as a decent blueprint for where to take their craft next .
It 's a nightmarish descent into insanity that 's as depraved as it is entertaining .
There are some strange plot holes here , which is too bad because the acting , effects , and setting were all decent .
Thanks to some noteworthy visual flare from the directors , enjoyably creepy effects , and a game cast -LRB- especially Welsh -RRB- , The Void warrants a recommendation . But just barely .
It 's chock full of amusing , ooey-gooey weirdness , admirable stuff that mostly eclipses its weaknesses .
`` The Void '' gets louder , grosser and more stupid the further it progresses , becoming an endurance test in its final sequences .
There 's no question that the film 's third act takes a decisive turn for the better .
The end result is an entertaining horror film with solid acting , impressive special effects and a script that could use more focus and cleverness .
This throwback to John Carpenter/Clive Barker horror films is completely insane , horribly acted , and totally great for anybody who likes their horror served up with a side of cheese .
A throwback visual vibe adds a layer of discomfort - meant in a good way - to this low-budget horror exercise that combines familiar genre elements into a mostly fresh package .
Feels like a nightmare from beginning to end .
Kostanski and Gillespie pay homage to '80s golden years without resorting to cheap copycat tricks . As a result , fans will recognize The Void 's DNA but still appreciate its modern veneer .
the fans of the horror-scifi-drama genre will probably enjoy `` The Void . '' I , though , am not a fan and just feel a void .
The resulting splatter is a bloody mess , which , if not a mass-audience spectacle , is exactly what these filmmakers were going for in the first place .
One of the more action-packed features to come from the current crop of John Carpenter-inspired filmmakers , The Void finds collaborators Jeremy Gillespie and Steven Kostanski going much further than many of their peers .
A beautifully executed horror film that pays homage to the genre 's roots while carving out its own enigmatically creepy mythos .
Storywise , The Void evokes Carpenter 's Assault on Precinct 13 and his terminally underrated Prince of Darkness ; that not a bad thing , because it 's a sturdy framework that Carpenter himself adopted from Howard Hawks .
If only writer-directors Steven Kostanski and Jeremy Gillespie had lavished as much love and attention on plot and structure as they clearly did on production and theme , this ickfest might have been more than a nod to the gory glories of '80s horror .
This Lovecraftian take on the Monkey 's Paw legend may be embraced by some , and it is effective in its setup , but I came away from this one thinking the special effects crew had more fun than I did .
People live , people die , monsters creep out of the shadows , but it 's all a little too formulaic , cynical , and ... well , boring .
The mythological aspects of The Void do n't always mesh neatly with the monster-movie scares . But , in the moment , it will scare you silly -- which is really all that matters with a good horror movie .
It 's tempting to grade The Void on a bit of a curve , if only because -LSB- directors -RSB- Gillespie and Kostanski do more than a competent job with the material 's inherent obstacles .
While it handles the close-up grody tentacled stuff with aplomb , its best trick is in creating and sustaining the mounting feeling that something Great and Cosmically Terrible is lurking just outside the frame .
A lively , layered throwback to the days when splatter auteurs like John Carpenter , George Romero and Lucio Fulci ruled the drive-in .
Aesthetically nice with some really great practical effects , it shows that Kostanski and Gillespie have the talent and potential for a truly exciting future .
Gillespie and Kostanski 's real talents become visible when it comes to the special effects work , and here the film excels .
The Void offers more than a few strongly dramatic beats and plenty of visual thrills as violent encounters and monstrous creations paint the walls red . It does n't land the destination , but the road to hell is never a dull one .
The look of The Void is ready for the big time , but the story is both too immense and too slender to make it a complete jaw-dropping experience .
It 's a tense , claustrophobic thriller that morphs into a supernaturally pitch-black , surreal adventure of delusion , greed , and mystery .
It 's gloriously off the rails , unhinged , absolutely bonkers . If you 're a fan of a certain type of horror film , that 's a good thing .
Gillespie and Kostanski follow their influences and utilize their talents , transforming a spare , low-budget endeavor into something quite special and haunting .
Man does not life by gore alone , and if he did he 'd take the B.C.-shot Slither any day .
Wickedly entertaining , and disturbing in all the right ways .
After a promising start , this enterprising but overstuffed endeavor drifts increasingly into a muddled sci-fi mystical horror hybrid that only gets more confusing as it grows more thematically ambitious .
A slice of nostalgic delight , good gory fun that 's neither kitsch nor weighed down by a tedious string of quotes from other movies .
In the Eighties , released widely in theaters , The Void could have been a franchise-starter . It 'll probably be harder to find today , but it rewards the effort .
A little too derivative to truly stand out , but gorehounds will love it . Do n't a void .
The kind of film you might get if you gave a 15-year-old horror fan access to a strobe light , some white bed sheets and a job lot of exploding prosthetic heads .
A splurge of gruesome effects and cosmic mumbo-jumbo that neither makes sense nor provides anything approaching a real scare .
From its practical effects work to its reclaimed plotting , the film resurrects genre 's dead parts by cultically metamorphosing them into a monstrous hybrid of the primordial and the new .
Unsettling and not jokey at all , the hell of The Void will be heaven to some .
Expect nothing more than John Landis going nuts in a hospital and you 'll have a proper fun watch .
I just wish they had a better sense of narrative with this one - the gore is effective and voluminous , but the story it serves is reed-thin .
An effective , resourceful nightmare that convinces you the apocalypse is clawing just out of sight , beyond the edge of the screen .
It 's Lovecraft by way of The Thing and Alien in this satisfyingly schlocky 80s throwback , complete with practical FX . A genuinely eerie experience .
The Void is a creepy , tense and gory tribute to the horror master -LSB- Lovecraft -RSB- that offers invention and wit beyond mere homage , and we recommend it .
A striking neon/noir montage of menacing clouds and effervescent organs makes The Void 's visuals stand out like an infected zombie thumb from the modern horror rigmarole .
Directors Jeremy Gillespie and Steven Kostanski are ones to watch .
You may not only find yourself craving the seedy elegance of Lovecraft or Carpenter , but also the jolting liveliness of Sam Raimi 's Evil Dead .
While this old-school creature feature may not win over non-horror fans , genre aficionados will undoubtedly find much to enjoy .
A gloriously unfettered throwback to the wild days of '80s horror .
The Void is a portal back to the 80s , hinged on immersive practical effects work that picks up the slack of a slighter story .
It offers good shock/uck moments and a nicely unpredictable plot , even if a few crucial relationships are sketchily established , slightly undermining audience investment in the horrors .
A dark , demented , and disgusting horror film that 's going to live among the greatest body horror films of all time .
The Void works incredibly well for numerous reasons , but the special effects in the film are by far the project 's biggest asset .
The Void ultimately descends into a morass of -LRB- admittedly pretty impressive -RRB- creature and make-up effects and never becomes more than the sum of its dissipated parts and ad-hoc homages .
It 's a relentless film whose volume is permanently stuck at 11 - those that prefer their horror piercingly loud will love it , but milder ears may want to bring plugs .
The Void marks a new , more serious direction for Canadian genre filmmaking collective Astron-6 .

@highlight

The Void offers a nostalgic rush for fans of low-budget 1980s horror -- and legitimate thrills for hardcore genre enthusiasts of all ages .