It is nice ... to see Colonel Graff at his gruff best .
Starship Troopers , Alien , Tron and Star Trek also make up the movie 's DNA but the story - a provocative study about the morality of warfare and conflicts of leadership - injects something powerful and new into the familiar ` chosen one ' plot trajectory .
A leaden , confusing affair that 's all the more frustrating because there 's a kernel of a good , possibly even great , movie here .
Far too benign and , in this blockbuster season , far too tired to leave any bad taste in the mouth , Ender 's Game is better the less one thinks about it .
It takes itself a bit too seriously and would have benefited from twisting the entertainment dial a little higher , but it 's refreshing to see a film filled with teens that 's intelligent and reflective .
Based on a hit novel by Orson Scott Card , this futurist sci-fi film trudges along in perpetual low gear , its efforts at times laboured , despite a no-nonsense turn by Asa Butterfield as the game-theorist boy of the title .
Butterfield is excellent in the title role , several cuts above his fellow young cast members .
It is its book , put on the screen without any new thought whatsoever . A seventh grader could watch it and write a passable essay about it . I doubt they 'd have much fun with it , though .
The battle scenes are spectacular but lifeless and hard to engage with . We 're watching a cascade of computer-game imagery .
It was a bit like standing in a room where someone is playing a video game on a screen and you 're not actually taking part in it but you have to watch interminably this game being played and it 's just really a bit boring .
I thought this was a pretty witless affair .
An engaging and exciting sci-fi flick to bring out the 12-year-old in all of us .
Although it 's far from perfect and it 's in need of a few tune-ups , Ender 's Game does lay the groundwork for what could be a satisfying saga .
Newcomers will likely be left wondering what all the fuss was about in the first place .
From its grave , Full-of-Portent-and-Moment start 'til its grave , Full-of-Portent-and-Moment end , this flick 's got a severe case of the Messiah Complex . Lots of human-phobia here -- it 's 100-percent gravitas and humourless inhumanity .
A commendable sc-fi drama , this serious film offers up some great themes and some grand visuals .
Visualmente desinteressante , moralmente confuso , povoado por personagens aborrecidos e entediante na maior parte do tempo .
The film 's own dilemma might be best expressed by Ender , who challenges Graff , `` What are you going to do ? Waste millions on a loser ? '' It 's a dilemma Ender 's Game ca n't resolve .
Enough people attended Ender 's Game last weekend to place it at the top of the box office . But could any of them have known how profoundly unspectacular an experience they were in for ?
A lot of Ender 's Game plays like Starship Troopers : The Early Years .
Asa Butterfield stars opposite a grumblebum Harrison Ford in an expensive , elaborately mounted , tedious film with one huge problem - it has no second act . You literally get to the end of the film and think : `` Hang on . That 's it ? ''
Full of mixed messages and strange symbolism , its weirdness is also its -LRB- limited -RRB- charm ... Trippy , confusing , strangely slow and contained , it certainly exists in its own bonkers world , and , as such , is , at least , an odd original .
This efficient adaptation proves extremely watchable , and still packs an emotional punch .
It 's been a strong year for science fiction ... And now Ender 's Game comes along to make that resurgence look like the real thing .
Ender 's Game certainly looks and feels serviceable , but lacks the sting to emerge as a serious contender in a crowded market .
A biting morality tale with themes of power , manipulation , child soldiers and genocide . Hood 's superb screenplay quickly sets up the premise and immediately involves us ... is a powerful , disturbing and thrilling experience . Unforgettable
The conclusion does pack a shock-and-awe punch that elevates and validates all that builds up before it -- almost .
The outcome of that game will give audiences plenty of material for moral debates in the weeks to come , and maybe a sequel down the road .
A well-paced , beautifully imagined sci-fi actioner that feels fresh , satisfyingly complex , with characters that wo n't get stale anytime soon .
Applies a futuristic twist to the idea that young people are exploited as ` cannon fodder ' for old men 's wars .
It 's an action-packed sci-fi adventure with just the right dash of humor , and maybe this could be a franchise all audiences can celebrate .
Director Gavin Hood weaves an excting story adapted from the novel and it was fun to watch an invested Harrison Ford again .
While the picture loses some plot tension by assuring the viewer that Ender is basically an okay kid , it gains by showing the growth of the boy into his destiny as `` the One . ''
Perfectly satisfactory .
The film 's complex story of children 's natural compassion clashing with the adult-mandated need for decisive power-plays is worthwhile , but it 's almost lost in the dazzling display of video-game prowess that dominates most of the screen time .
Ender 's Game works just fine for anyone looking to float free from the world for two hours .
Story gaps aside , the film works better during the handful of pure action sequences , and it 's here where director Gavin Hood takes the lead over screenwriter Gavin Hood .
Butterfield and Ford are supported by an excellent cast .
A carefully constructed , serious-minded commercial entertainment that treats its young audience with an unusual degree of intelligence .
Straightforward , a bit literal-minded , very faithful to the book and largely compelling .
If you dislike child actors , you might derive a perverse satisfaction from seeing dozens of them look so unhappy to be onscreen .
Despite its drawbacks , Ender 's Game is a visually spectacular , tightly paced film that is certainly a win in terms of adapting a seriously complicated novel .
There are times when a certain grimness weighs on the movie that you wish for more humor . But overall it 's an absorbing and thought-provoking spectacle .
It 's heavy on the claustrophobic sensations that CGI-rich films tend to induce - reinforced in this case by the story 's airless moral dualisms .
There 's a tight focus and a drive that 's refreshing in our ADD-addled IMAX blockbuster landscape .
If I were an 11-year-old kid , I probably would consider this the best movie I 'd ever seen .
This is pure science fiction fantasy that should prove a crowd pleaser as the holiday season begins .
The greatest strength of this movie is the feature that 's bound to limit its boxoffice potential . Despite plenty of action and knockout effects and design , the central focus is the mental dynamics of a teenager selected by an establishment officer .
Gavin Hood fosters a wet-blanket tone that suffocates many scenes , rendering them stolid and emotionless .
It is no exaggeration that I wandered through two hours of this material grinning like an inquisitive schoolboy .
Blows the awkward Star Wars ' reboots into a galaxy that is even further away than we thought .
-LSB- Hood 's -RSB- Ender 's Game captures much of the plot , and misses much of the magic , of its source material , substituting a fairly robust level of spectacle and Grade A acting for the more complete , character-driven immersion of the source material .
The emotional threads are just floating out there like the cadets floating in the war simulation , never attaching and engaging .
A young adult film that refuses to be easily dismissed .
This was an admirable attempt , but falls a bit short .
As far as slick entertainment goes , this one has enough of a brain to at least vocalise ideas about right and wrong .
For all the meaningful , emotional depth it tries to delve into , it ca n't shake the uninvolved , detached feeling that plagues the film throughout its entire runtime .
There 's little doubt that Ender 's Game fares much , much better than Card 's surprisingly dull novel ...
Two thirds of the movie is slow and it only picks up at the very end .
Lifeless , joyless and charmless . It also consistently mistakes glumness for profundity . In short , it 's an expensive and overbearing lox .
The story is clever enough , but not really satisfying because there is too much artificiality , in the way a computer game is artificial , and not enough reality in the story .
Harrison Ford looks less likely to chase aliens and more likely to chase those young whippersnappers off his lawn .
Regardless of its fascist undertones , Ender 's Game works better as validation for all those hours and thumbs spent playing video games .
The special effects are terrific , especially the floating around in a gravity-free environment ... seeing it in IMAX is worth the price of admission all by itself because the visual is so big and beautiful and clear .
Hard to comprehend and even harder to endure .
Ender 's Game ca n't keep itself from rational thought , which is always gray . It weighs facts against feelings . It 's reluctant to slaughter a perceived enemy . And that 's the part of his creation that Card will never be able to dismantle .
Butterfield is a revelation . With his preternatural blue eyes , and eerie self-possession , he makes Ender not just complicated , but also , with assured subtlety , emotionally resonant
Reconciling the fact that plenty of great art was created by people you would n't piss on if they were on fire is a tricky proposition .
What makes this sco-fi different from most is the provocative question of defensive genocide , along with the use of preemptive strikes , child soldiers and drone warfare .
Although people who loved the book will find much to love here - it really is a good movie - the potential impact is too soft for the epic it aspires to be .
Even if you do n't necessarily agree with the politics of the film or its writer , it exemplifies the best of blockbuster filmmaking .
The film 's strengths are people standing around talking , so can we get back to some people standing around talking ? That feels weird to say . But that 's what happened .
The movie Ender 's Game is so-so , and will probably be so-so for just about everyone , whether they 've read the book or not .
Dreadfully mediocre .
Ender 's Game is , essentially , ludicrous , as if someone thought the big problem with great , real war films like Paths of Glory or A Bridge Too Far was that they did n't star enough pre-teen kids and pause for a few games of Space Quidditch .
Maybe the book is better .
Not having read Card 's novel , I could n't say whether it was truly `` unfilmable , '' but what ended up on the screen is indeed `` filmable '' in that we 've seen these narrative threads countless times before in science fiction cinema .
About as good a film as you can squeeze out of a morally complex source work given today 's studio environment .
... does n't leave many avenues for emotional engagement with the audience , despite its trumped-up life-and-death scenario .
Might have worked as a clever thought-provoking read , on film it 's a drag .
Ender 's Game , for all its glossy special effects and laudable wartime moral questioning , lacks a fundamental sense of thrills .
Despite its taut action sequences and strong special effects , the movie is ultimately depressing and bleak . It fails to reach any dramatic heights and seems spiritless , possibly because of its subject matter .
Beyond the sci-fi spectacle , Ender 's Game deals with heavier issues such as the nature of war , regret , guilt , sacrifice and suffering .
The futuristic setting of the piece is beautifully realized , but it 's the emotional quotient that dominates and drives the film .
Smart , engaging , and fun . This is a case where a book has been turned into a film and , by and large , they actually managed to preserve most of what made it special .
The screenplay hews closer to the book , rather than following a potential franchise template .
I can understand wanting to skip Ender 's Game as a matter of moral principle , but you can also feel free to blow it off just because it 's not that good .
Thought-provoking sci-fi adventure with military violence .
Ender 's Game is an interesting and well-acted representation of a novel that has withstood the tests of time and changing paradigms -LRB- with good reason -RRB- .
It 's to the film 's credit that it tackles big questions without offering any easy or clear-cut answers . If only Hood 's acumen for storytelling and characterization were just as lofty .
Gavin Hood 's film is like a CliffsNotes version of a book that still reads well .
Despite its flaws , Ender 's Game represents a marked improvement from Hood 's 2009 misfire X-Men Origins : Wolverine .
One of those movies in which you ca n't always tell what 's inept and what 's purposefully flat .
An engrossing sci-fi adventure for kids , and maybe some adults as well .
In its best moments , the film offers the mix of impressive spectacle and resonant substance that you always hope for when headed into the latest sci-fi blockbuster .
Watching this adaptation of Ender 's Game is like looking over the shoulder of someone playing a space video game . It 's entertaining for a while , but eventually there needs to be more .
Ender 's Game '' works as a contained story and as a table-setting first chapter .
Your worst fears might be true ; Ender 's Game has really been turned into an action movie , but it does just enough to still reflect the social and emotional issues that the book tackles .
The movie ends up specializing in a kind of dynamic ambivalence . It makes you distrust military triumph and hope for a stable peace .
It 's not Card 's Game anymore , but it is about as close as we 'll ever get .
By the time the movie finally manages to get interesting , audiences may be too numb and their retinas too fried to win back .
incorporates intriguing morality debates into a space adventure about young recruits fighting intergalactic bugs . But it 's very serious . Almost joyless . It 's like `` Starship Troopers '' minus the campy humor and wanton nudity .
Celebrates weaponizing children to wipe out subhuman enemy from outer space . Hello , brave new world , kiddies .
A promising if risky start to what is intended to be a blockbuster franchise ...
While I found it to be well-acted -LRB- except for Harrison Ford -RRB- and visually entertaining , the premise of a 12-year-old becoming the military leader of Planet Earth is a tad disturbing .
If one can believe this supposition , then it is possible to buy into the idea of a scrawny , 98-pound weakling to be the planet 's savior .
The space battles do n't have the usual problem of looking like video games ; instead , they have the unusual problem of looking like terrifically cluttered screensavers .
Very much porn for video game addicts .
Packed with a staunch anti-war sentiment and anti-bullying message in a slick looking science-fiction package , it has a lot to say , but little of it is especially entertaining .
A game played mostly on the surface
The movie version of Orson Scott Card 's `` Ender 's Game '' is way too kind , and the drama suffers greatly for it .
More considered than your standard lunk-headed blockbuster and certainly visually engrossing , this game is played well .
Harrison Ford , as Ender 's military mentor , plays his role with a constipated scowl that makes him look as if he 's just learned someone has pinched his bran flakes .
Ends up coming off like a sci-fi and juvi military boot camp flick that 's far more interesting thematically than it is as fully realized , big-screen entertainment . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Despite the unfortunate controversy surrounding the book 's author , the cast and crew of `` Ender 's Game '' collectively make this a late-year surprise and a damn good science fiction film .
It 's hard to tell who this Ender 's Game was meant for , but surely this is n't the start to a potential franchise that fans of Card 's work had been hoping for .
Butterfield brings lots of adolescent earnestness to his role , and Hailee Steinfeld is an affable sidekick .
`` Ender 's Game '' turns out to be a bit depressing , and I mean that in a good way .
We do n't really see Ender learning anything , let alone changing . Two major scenes revolve around war games , yet we never really know the rules , or where the players are in relation to each other . It 's all weightless .
The movie ca n't help but feel like a hologram of its fantasy forefathers , a mirage of a drama despite some stunning visuals .
Fulfills every expectation instilled by its terrible trailer .
It gets off to a brisk enough start and maintains that momentum for the most part , even if it forgets to have fun in the process .
Hood balances Ender 's ascension in the military -- filled with conventional but exciting montages about beating the odds -- with scenes that , although all-too-obvious , challenge the morality of his situation .
In a movie concerned with tactics and battle formations , `` Ender 's Game '' is really a Trojan Horse . It enters the theater disguised as a shiny sci-fi action film , only to reveal itself as an old-fashioned morality play about the war for one boy 's soul .
Ender 's Game is as solid a work of filmmaking as you 'll find , but some of the implied profundity here does n't quite pass muster .
Ender 's Game looks pretty and keeps the audience engaged , but it lacks the depth needed to be great .
Gavin Hood 's adaptation is one of the best book-to-screen transitions of any work of science fiction .
A coming-of-age story masquerading , very well , in sci-fi garb .
Gavin Hood relays a vague sense of what it 's like to live in duty , and yet at a distance from one 's home , but this vision of the future never rouses , never asks to be remembered .
With above-average effects and a strong cast , this teen sci-fi adventure asks some provocative questions about the nature of leadership and the rush to war .
Hood dips his toes into ... ideas , rather than diving into the deep end .
It 's like Harry Potter meets Full Metal Jacket , and while that 's certainly an intriguing mash-up , the movie does n't quite live up to the book 's reputation .
-LSB- T -RSB- he movie 's ultimate lesson ... feels like a false afterthought .
`` Ender 's Game '' turns out to be our game as well .
Rather than rouse passions , the film 's sterile sci-fi action and Earthly melodrama foster a grim , cold feeling .
Ender 's Game is recognizable in tone , thematic content , and narrative progression as Card 's vision .
A big , dark film that should satisfy the many fans of the Orson Scott Card novel and engage newcomers , too .
stays true to its roots while finding ways to make the modern moviegoer happy
It does n't take much to buy into the premise , especially once the not-bad CGI revs up and Ender and his pint-sized pals start their tiny engines .
A blandly sanitized spectacle .
Handsomely mounted but silly and tedious ... a striking-looking film that never achieves the epic quality the makers are evidently straining for .
Not only does `` Ender 's Game '' have many scenes in zero gravity , but this zero-sum fiasco has zero drama , zero suspense , zero humor , zero charm and zero appeal .
`` Ender 's Game '' is more than a parable about bullying , or a disquisition on the concept of the `` just war . '' It 's also a rousing action film , especially in Imax .
No matter how many other movies and books Ender 's Game references , its story and characters remain solid and compelling .
All the spectacle never works up your emotions .
Character development , dramatic tension and emotional resonance all get short shrift in the checklist exposition by writer-director Gavin Hood .
With so much to work with , it is disappointing that Gavin Hood 's adaptation is not much more than the world 's coolest video game .
An exciting adventure that gets almost everything right .
Some plotting is simplified , as is the case with all adaptations from book to screen . But the core of the action and the intent is maintained , including moral dilemmas .
A thoughtful , intelligent portrait of a world where we are all made victims of the battles being fought in our name .
It 's a powerful story , but it wo n't have anywhere near the longevity of the original novel . And fans of the book , able to fill in some of the narrative blanks in the screenplay , will also be those most disappointed by those omissions .
Childhood can be tough in movies , but rarely do screen children suffer for our sins as they do here .
Ender 's Game does n't seem like it 's worth playing
The folks who patronized Chick-fil-A as a political gesture may feel quite hoodwinked if they try to do likewise here .
Audiences of all ages , avoid it . Brain cells are too valuable .
This movie , an old-fashioned morality play masquerading as a kinetic video-game in space , understands some basic truths about youngsters .
It 's not just a thrilling adventure about space and war . It 's also a thoughtful story about growing up and figuring out not just who you are , but who you hope to become .
Surprisingly tense if strangely humorless , `` Ender 's Game '' is certainly the best looking science fiction effort this side of `` Gravity , '' and presents an extraordinarily detailed world .
None of it is convincing in the least .
With the borderline absurd excuse that juvenile minds are more adaptable and trainable , this `` Bugsy Malone '' treatment of `` Starship Troopers '' moves through the familiar boot-camp hoops ; sometimes it feels like a two-hour training montage .
While writer and director Gavin Hood may not be Mr. Style or a science-fiction visionary , he gets the story told , with appealing actors at the center .
Actually quite a good film . Well-acted by Asa Butterfield , who makes a great Ender .
It 's a brutal story and a heady high-concept idea , but it plays out through characters with no identity other than their symbolic ones , and through shouted , simplistic arguments that repeat the same points over and over .
Butterfield , with piercing gaze and singular intensity , brings novelist Orson Scott Card 's signature child hero to full and vivid life in filmmaker Gavin Hood 's epic adaptation of Card 's sci-fi classic , `` Ender 's Game . ''
Ender 's Game has so little edge that it 's completely round . It 's a serviceable film but the streamlined , personality-less approach makes it feel like a product more than a story .
`` As a mainstream sci-fi film , this enjoyable , occasionally poignant effort too often feels messy in the wrong ways . ''
The film manages a sustained sense of momentum and tone that is rare for a contemporary , big-budget movie .
Ambitious and exceedingly well designed , `` Ender 's Game '' is mummified in the drama department . It 's absolutely cold to the touch , with clumsy scenes sapping power from the material 's thought-provoking commentary on war .
Ender 's Game is n't a terrific movie , but it could have been a hell of a lot worse .
Since it took 28 years to get it to the big screen , the fact that the end result feels rushed and hasty probably qualifies as irony .
It 's nothing a total rewrite could n't fix .
The adaptation is a shallow sci-fi spectacle that almost makes you care .
Hood deserves credit for putting in as much of the novel 's intellectual challenges as he can within the structure of a crowd-pleasing action movie .
Ender 's Game is a surprisingly accessible YA adaptation that boasts a great lead performance , colourful visuals , and the toxic fingerprints of an author that might well doom the whole thing .
A dark tale about the militarization of youth , Director Gavin Hood delivers a solid adaptation of the science fiction classic .
The most faithful and dramatically impactful adaptation that fans of the novel could hope for .
An acute , surprisingly timely coming-of-age adventure , but one that only truly gets going and takes a turn into deeper , more perceptive thematic territory in the final stretch .
`` Ender 's Game '' truly captures the spirit and intensity of what is one of the most popular sci-fi stories of all time .
Almost thought provoking , shiny and glum
This gripping adventure shows Hollywood has n't given up on thoughtful sci-fi just yet . A spectacular film and a surprising one .
My soul was never stirred . My spirit did not soar . My intellect did twitch a bit in ways that made my heart ache disagreeably , however .
The Last Starfighter meets Heart of Darkness .
Successfully translates most of the book 's more pertinent themes to the screen , while making enough storytelling fumbles to hint why it was considered unfilmable for nearly three decades .
The film has been designed to appeal to the very instincts it pretends to criticise . How else to deliver the spectacle and thrills considered vital to the movie 's prospects with its target demographic ?
Hood 's film is thankfully more successful than his last Hollywood outing X-Men Origins : Wolverine , but for all its lofty ambitions it never quite fulfils its potential .
Game on .
Having been the father of three 12-year-olds , I 'm not sure I would have put them in charge of the family hamster , let alone the future of the planet . But what do I know ?
Despite the solid performances - and an admittedly intriguing final 10 minutes - Ender 's Game is an underwhelming sci-fi that makes poor use of its thought-provoking material .
Against considerable odds , this risky-sounding Orson Scott Card adaptation actually works , as director Gavin Hood pulls off the sort of teen-targeted franchise starter Summit was hoping for .
The moral complexity may come across as muddled , but rising star Asa Butterfield and rejuvenated veteran Harrison Ford give this sci-fi fable significant heft .
Ender 's Game is a cut above a lot of sci-fi action films for teenagers , confronting them not just with special effects , but with a decent debate concerning the morality and politics of war .
Ultimately as much a polemic as tentpole entertainment , `` Ender 's Game '' is a rare example of filmmaking with a scalpel at a scale that usually demands a hatchet .
The result is a thought-provoking flick that 's smarter than the average blockbuster , but one that never quite fulfills the potential of the book on which it is based .
The movie 's apocalyptic finale indicates that it 's bitten off considerably more than it can chew in terms of ideas , but it looks good , and the story rattles along .
Gavin Hood 's film is as windily solemn as the theme is , or could be , bewitchingly topical .
The movie has a ready-made answer to what looks like its major limitation - what 's at stake , if all we 're doing is watch geeky prodigies show off at video games ?
Whatever you make of the book 's widely derided author , Ender 's Game is one of 2013 's more thematically original stories , with a compellingly icy lead performance from Asa Butterfield .
Since this entire story centres on virtual-reality gaming , it 's tricky to feel any sense of what 's at stake here .
It admirably avoids many of the pitfalls of adapting this book , but seems to have lost some of the life and pace as well .
Disappointing YA sci-fi in which the future of humanity is placed in the hands of a snot-nosed kid and his computer games .
Like its hero , Ender 's Game relies on brains more than brute force . An absorbing portrait of Lord Of The Flies-style morality housed in imaginative sci-fi casing .
As blockbusters go , it 's a considered , rather than thoughtless , ride .
Yet another intriguing , complex , strangely unlikeable big-budget experiment destined to thrill the fans and befuddle the rest of us .
Wars have felt shorter and better managed than this epic .

@highlight

If it is n't quite as thought-provoking as the book , Ender 's Game still manages to offer a commendable number of well-acted , solidly written sci-fi thrills .