It is true that as director Sian Heder sometimes goes over the top when it comes to packing on ironies . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It is witty , charming , and by the end surprisingly moving .
Tallulah is easily one of the underdog films of the year and was entertaining from beginning to end .
This Netflix original film falls into the old `` weepie/women 's picture '' category , but it stays stubbornly rooted in characters and moments .
Largely engrossing and impeccably acted , watching stars Ellen Page , Allison Janney , and Tammy Blanchard create living , breathing people who are n't easy to watch , yet it 's hard to ignore their fascinating surges of pain .
Ellen Page is one of the most inherently likable actors of her generation , and her amiability is on full display in Tallulah .
`` Tallulah '' is a great example of a women-led movie with plenty of social substance and earthy grit .
Engaging indie film has mature themes , edgy content .
Ellen Page , who played a pregnant teen in Juno , goes fantastically further in a new tale of accidental motherhood .
Tallulah is calamitously funny , surprisingly touching , and streaked with debilitating melancholy as it contemplates motherhood , family , identity and forgiveness .
Smartly-cast and well-acted melodrama -- the sort of movie Netflix should be making .
Tallulah has a bedrock of grounded , believable performances to latch onto , but makes the mistake of grasping after crude types and abstract themes instead .
Sure , the plot sounds like the stuff of a Lifetime movie . But Heder goes for the jugular in a way made-for-TV would n't dare .
Tallulah will take you by surprise . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Despite stretching itself uncomfortably thin in the beginning , Tallulah has an arresting power as the characters get entangled in the same web , having been short-shrifted by the institution of motherhood .
This is from Tallulah / Just like Johnny Flynn said / The breath I 've taken and the one I must to go on / Put the grenade pin in your hand , so you understand who 's boss / My defeat sleeps top to toe with her success
It stands out thanks to the graceful , thoughtful characterization of its three protagonists , despite their potential to be monstrous caricatures .
Despite some seemingly extraordinary coincidences , Heder makes the story work and Paige turns in one of her best performances since , well , she played that other woman panicking about having a baby .
Tallulah is such a funny , insightful , engrossing and slightly twisted dysfunctional family drama .
Ellen Page and Allison Janney turn in compelling performances as two very different but equally troubled women , but Tallulah 's story does n't do justice to its cast .
Tallulah is an enchanting , sharp little gem
With a dramatic chase and a few dreamlike touches , Tallulah manages to balance its tricky tonal shifts .
Even if the tale is a bit much to be believed at times , it 's unlikely you 'll see a film more refreshingly honest and incisive about motherhood than `` Tallulah . ''
Tallulah wo n't inspire much thought after the credits roll , despite being a terrific showcases for Blanchard , Janney and Page ; more than anything , the film leaves its audience with a sense of apathy .
In its greatest achievement , the writing and directing of Tallulah articulates the intangible sacrifice and stresses of motherhood .
What saves Tallulah from American indie sameness and its allegiance to neat resolution are its three lead actors and Heder 's apparent skill in bringing out their best work .
The story in `` Tallulah '' sometimes strains credulity , but it 's beautifully told and acted - three women and a baby , everyone except the baby in need of clarity .
Unwieldy but affecting ...
Tallulah tackles so many big themes and is so stuffed with characters and ideas that it all could use more breathing room ... Still , there are worse sins than being too ambitious .
This is true modern femme fable with the lives of three women thrown together after a single rash decision by Lu .
For most of its running time , the movie works as a sharp , generous human comedy about fear of family -LRB- among other things -RRB- , with Page once again reminding us that she 's one of the most deft and underutilized actors of her generation .
With a thematic range that runs the gamut from light and cheerful to life and death , the film never seems to know quite what it should be . But hey , neither does Tallulah herself .
For sublime acting , this Netflix feature hits the mother lode . For a script that always holds water , not so much .
Heder 's purpose here is clearly worth exploring , and somewhere in all of this , there is a very powerful film . But moralizing can lead a director down the path of melodrama , and that 's what keeps Tallulah from reaching its potential .
A maternal character study that loses its way as it tries , like several key characters , to be something it is n't .
`` Tallulah '' is one of those films on a filmmaker 's resume that denotes promise more than accomplishment .
Everyone 's needs and neuroses fit together as neatly as puzzle pieces , en route to a happy ending that feels both inevitable and utterly unconvincing .
... it is Blanchard who really soars here , creating a character easy to judge at the onset , then flipping our notions as she reveals layers of insecurity and desperation .
Heder shows no signs of nerves with her first feature .
The film boats a trio of stand-out performances from its talented female cast and offers poignancy , humour and drama in equal measure .
It 's a mess of a movie , but that may just be the key to its occasional greatness .
There 's honesty here and a swath of well-written , well-developed female characters , but not enough to justify laughing with a kidnapper .
A poignant drama propelled by top-flight performances .
Writer-director Siân Heder sometimes overdoes the gentle dramatic ironies and cutesy , feel-good tone , but Tallulah has much to say about the ways that society judges women .
Beautifully acted and sensitively written , Heder 's film is a wistful pleasure . And there 's a really cute baby , too .
Pretty much everything about Sian Heder 's directorial debut is laughably contrived , and it does n't help that every character is unbearable to watch .
Their work together is the vibrant source of the film 's appeal , and `` Tallulah '' is at its best when the plot recedes and we get to see Page and Janney 's characters testing their tolerance and eventual affection for one another .
Heder 's script likely wo n't please those who prefer their indie dramas naturalistic and event-free . But the freewheeling storytelling enacted here has an excellent anchor in the grounded work of the ensemble cast .
Page and Janney have a pleasant , relaxed rapport with each other and are likeable enough presences to hang out with , but a lot of the business around their characters feels like padding to keep the two highest profile actors busy .
The main problem with the movie is that Tallulah , who is meant to be roguishly charming , is instead irritating - a lying , thieving , tiresome , unwashed hippie moocher ...
Yes , the story has the makings of a Lifetime movie ; what grounds it are the terrific performances and Heder 's rich direction and screenplay .

@highlight

Tallulah 's narrative insight , thoughtfully written characters , and talented cast add up to an absorbing family drama that transcends genre tropes and capably overcomes its flirtations with melodrama .