It 's not that this is bad , for a 21st Century slasher film , but it 's also not `` good '' .
Wholly unneeded sequel which replaces any sense of foreboding creepiness with violence for violence 's sake .
Admittedly less sophisticated than its predecessor but is a fun midnight feature , nonetheless .
The Strangers : Prey at Night marks a perplexing and unsatisfying end to the ten-year wait for a sequel to the thrilling original , replacing the tension and excitement with inexplicable character decisions that will merely leave you scratching your head .
The ongoing slogan seems to be to give the viewer more for their money and Roberts delivers . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Some sequences are simply masterful and show us that this terrifying genre can still be very cinematic ... -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
With its agonizing final chase -LSB- the film -RSB- ... creates a new legion of followers . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Effective but derivative . A gory movie , with a good rock-pop soundtrack included . -LRB- Complete review in Spanish in the Mexican newspaper Reforma -RRB- .
Anyone looking for old school terror ... will enjoy the ride . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The film may thus satisfy purists looking for simple pleasures , but that 's the only success this utterly generic work can be expected to achieve .
You probably wo n't be able to explain what Mad Men star Christina Hendricks is doing in this nasty nonsense .
This film suffers from all the worst of the genre 's most commonplace flaws . Every jump scare is telegraphed well in advance and stupid horror logic persists throughout .
Standardized horror with nothing new to offer . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The Strangers : Prey at Night is nothing else , but basic entertainment for fans of the genre . The characters showed potential , but the script had no interest in them . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Johannes Roberts manages a couple of cool-looking sequences that hint at original filmmaking , but without a defined story or characters it 's never actually scary .
In spite of its many faults , The Strangers : Prey At Night is entertaining . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film descends into cliché with scary children 's toys , daft decisions and one implausibly resilient psychopath .
With its infuriatingly dim-witted characters and generic slasher movie feel , The Strangers : Prey At Night is a surprisingly tame and forgettable rehash .
The pacing is a problem , it does n't have the raw fear of its predecessor and some of the bigger choices may alienate that film 's fans , but The Strangers : Prey At Night ends up being a satisfying slasher sequel that works best when it cuts loose .
I can see it 's just meant to be a bit of harmless -LRB- ! -RRB- fun , but I just found it to be lacking in any form of imagination .
Roberts seems more interested in soundtracking cool kills with Bonnie Tyler songs than using horror tropes to serve up subversive social commentary .
No tension , no drama , no interest , no scares , no emotional involvement and no motive . No chance .
Desperation generates the principal conflict and creates the necessary empathy to relate with the protagonist 's dealings with death . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
There are a couple of winks to icons of the genre -LRB- Scream , for example -RRB- ... but the rest is the usual : running , screams and torrents of blood without rhyme or reason . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The characters and the plot could have been borrowed wholesale from any number of straight to video horror pictures from the 1980s .
Memorable set-pieces aside , the film trips up on far too many horror nods and tropes , shifting awkwardly to fit them all in .
An undeniably traumatic viewing experience at times ... one of the best horrors to come along in years .
In a moment when horror movies like Get Out and the forthcoming Hereditary earn praise for their adventurousness , these retro scares feel especially out of touch .
It 's difficult to tell if The Strangers : Prey at Night is a tongue-in-cheek homage to the slasher `` video nasties '' of the 1980s , or just badly made .
The plot is extremely weak .
Roberts has built a playground of horror homages ... It might feel like a hell of a long wait to finally get to the attractions , but once you do , the ride sure is fun .
A decade later , astonishingly this throwback is preferable to the original . If you 're expecting to be blown away , or biting your nails in consistent apprehension , you 'll be let down . Compromise , and you 'll be entertained .
There is only so much stalking and killing one person can reasonably be expected to sit through , and even then , it 's only natural to want a bit of variety in the manner in which the shrieking victims are murdered .
The cinematography and the production design create the right atmosphere for the scares . But for all its technical finesse , this 85-minute film feels a little too long .
-LSB- This -RSB- new escapade featuring the bloody handiwork of Dollface , Pinup and The Man in the Mask is surprisingly easy to enjoy .
Surprise , surprise - the sequel is good , and a vast improvement on the original .
Written by Mark Dujsik , the critique is so incredibly , obsessively dense with references to technique that it makes almost no sense at all .
There is no character development or psychology manifested in any aspect of The Strangers .
Dumber than dumb
But like its predecessor , Prey at Night continues to interrogate millennial apathy .
The Strangers : Prey at Night is bad . It 's boring and tepid at and a complete waste of your time . So much so that you too may spend the runtime of the film inventing elaborate tales in your head .
If you are looking for a cool horror movie to enjoy with an audience , this is one knock on the door worth answering .
This movie was disappointing ... it does n't know how to be all that scary . The tension is n't as real as it should 've been .
Has a slow and rather grim first half , but then , in the home stretch , takes a welcome turn into the seriously silly .
Director Johannes Roberts employs a brutal smash-and-grab burgling of comfort - percussive , not concussive . He leans into a John Carpenter aesthetic and leans on synthesizers and fog machines . The film leaves scars without merely scorching the earth .
This is ultimately a lesser film when it comes to scares , suspense , and atmosphere , but it edges out the original in its sense of fun and energy . So go ahead , answer the door .
Ends up suffering badly from a case of unbelievable behavior that distracts the viewer and thus removes them from what should have been the tension and horrors of the situation . -LRB- Full Content Parental Review - Violence , Profanity , etc. - Available -RRB-
An exercise in pure sadism that feels all the more sordid because it 's quite efficiently made .
This 10-years-later sequel to one of the staples of the `` home invasion '' horror subgenre is aggravatingly typical , with baffling lapses in logic , dumb characters , and annoying , all-powerful killers .
Two films in , The Strangers has already become a horribly familiar franchise .
A step down in quality , though still not without its slasher-y pleasures .
The Strangers : Prey at Night is n't terrible , but that 's mainly due to Roberts ' skills as a filmmaker and the film 's climactic final act .
`` The Strangers : Prey at Night '' throws every horror cliche in the book into its slasher story of a family of four hunted by a tag team of killers who are simply doing it because `` Why not ? ''
... `` The Strangers '' all too quickly becomes a rote game of Who 's Next ?
The newest celebration of nihilism and chart-topping hits from the 1980s is actually quite effective when it wants to be , finding signs of life in a brand name that was on its way to the morgue .
Aside from the quick setup introducing the targets , The Strangers : Prey at Night really is a nonstop thrill ride ... I was breathless from start to finish .
Turns the frightening scenario of a home invasion into a conventional slasher movie where everyone runs around while the killers walk menacingly and wield kitchen knives and drag axes on the ground .
Here 's hoping we do n't have to wait another ten years for The Strangers to go hunting again .
An unexpected anomaly-a sequel that both is better than and fixes the problems of its predecessor .
-LSB- Prey at Night -RSB- ditches most of what made the 2008 original work . Tension and atmosphere are replaced with bland stalk-and-slash bromides .
A mild improvement over its decent predecessor ...
Wo n't let any sigh of relief last for too long . The Strangers wo n't stop coming . If there 's even the slightest chance a Stranger could cross the roadblocks their victims throw in their path , they 're going to break through and keep coming after them .
Prey At Night delivers the same intentionally pointless terror as its predecessor - but it takes more delight in it -LRB- and thus does n't sell it quite as well -RRB- .
Though it 's as slim and poorly balanced as a cheap knife , `` The Strangers : Prey at Night '' is a stylish 1980s throwback that packs plenty of terror into its short running time .
It would have helped immensely to have actors who could make us care about the awful things happening , but one really ca n't blame any of them .
The movie 's biggest mistake is indulging conventional horror-movie reality , where characters live or die according to their fortitude and our sense of the world 's rightness is conservatively reaffirmed .
This movie tries to cash in on the current 80s nostalgia craze ... there are ways to do the nostalgia thing and make it stylistic , but this one flew a bit too close to the sun and burned its wings .
If you 're expecting the same kind of chilling horror the first Strangers delivered , you might be disappointed with The Strangers : Prey at Night .
The moral of the story is not to take your loved ones for granted , I guess . Love them as much as you can before they get pinned inside a pickup by a chunk of wood in their gut and left at the mercy of an icepick-wielding sicko with a sack over his head .
Who are the assailants ? Does n't matter ; they have no backstories , few weapons -LRB- a pick-up truck and a few stabby things -RRB- and zero personality .
It 's never a good sign when a movie racks up its first ironic music cue before there is anything to be ironic about .
There 's nothing original about the film , the performances are merely competent and the overall effect is as numbing and banal as the overuse of pop hits like Total Eclipse Of The Heart on the soundtrack .
I think having Bertino return as a writer on the sequel -LRB- he penned this script alongside Ben Ketai -RRB- , is a huge reason why Prey at Night feels like such a great follow-up .
When , for the love of God , are these Horror Movie Families going to LEARN ?
Roberts directs `` Prey at Night '' as a bloody valentine to old-school '70s and '80s movies ... Like villains in vintage mad slasher movies , `` The Strangers '' franchise will not die easily . Roberts has seen to that .
Beautifully moody and evocatively sinister . A haunting , portentous and altogether electrifying dip into a maelstrom of raw-nerve terror and poignant humanity .
Simply put , Prey at Night sacrifices its own identity to drench horror audiences in throwback familiarity .
The Strangers : Prey At Night is a feature-length homage to Carpenter 's best , and albeit familiar in structure , Johannes Roberts ' execution strikes with brute ferocity .
The team behind Prey at Night is great at building tension and atmosphere-one only wishes they knew how to deliver a payoff .
Late to its own party , The Strangers : Prey at Night trades relative novelty for predictability .
The Strangers : Prey at Night completely abandons the idea of home invasion in favor of a fairly generic slasher scenario .
The film is content to deliver a few jumpy thrills before slinking away into the night like one of its murderous marauders .
From the first notes of Adrian Johnston 's John Carpenter-inspired score to the retro font used for the title card , Prey At Night sets itself up as an homage to classic slasher films , and mostly does right by its inspirations .
A slight improvement over the 2008 original , which is not saying much .
The whole thing has the air of a cynical , low-quality knockoff of something that was n't very good to begin with .
While the film does posses its share of admittedly cheap jump scares - those masks ! - Prey at Night gets far more traction from its mood , its pacing , and its overall skillful filmmaking than many other horror films of its ilk .
The only thing scarier than `` Prey at Night '' is the possibility that we might have to wait another decade for more of its very special mask-faced chills .
Who knows whether it 's intentional , but the leaden foot-dragging and fake-out jump scares of this first section make the brazen , entertaining slash-for-slasher 's - sake action that follows seem even more like an exercise in audience complicity .
The sequel that comes a decade later but really need n't have come at all .
Replicating the tropes of its predecessor to a slavish degree , The Strangers : Prey at Night pretty much wastes all its inspiration on its punning title .
There 's no real terror or dread in it , just the same old meat-puppet gore and cattle-prod scares served up with a kind of ritualized self-satisfaction .
Audience members will be too busy sighing at the screen to be scared .
Increasingly grows more over-the-top every passing minute ; by the end it feels as if Burlap Sackman 's depiction could be sued as plagiarism of Resident Evil 4 over how much damage he soaks up without dying -LRB- all he is missing is the trademark chainsaw -RRB- .
The last third plays so much better than the first half that it suggests that Roberts should have abandoned all caution and really gone for a more consistently over-the-top film based in the emotion that he clearly wants to foster .
The actions of the family in Prey at Night rarely acknowledge logic , and often seem to be deliberately mocking common sense .

@highlight

The Strangers : Prey at Night may appeal to fans of the original who 've been jonesing for a sequel , but its thin story and ironic embrace of genre tropes add up to a bloody step back .