Thematic schizophrenia ... it agrees that the media stereotype blacks as uneducated thugs and rappers , while its own main characters are crack addicts , ex-cons , and Master P .
A fascinating glimpse at the almost endless obstacles given to Katrina survivors ...
This little known human interest story is a fascinating one .
-LSB- Director -RSB- LeMay earns points for his balanced presentation of key figures on both sides .
There is undeniable power to the central dilemma of human beings at a crossroads .
A thoughtful and interesting look at a little-told Katrina story .
A case of great material and sloppy presentation .
Screenwriter Thomas Lemmer and director Alex LeMay appear to have some sort of agenda or ax to grind .
Desert Bayou is at its most compelling when it stops preachifying and focuses on the lives of two troubled families .
People rarely enter into audacious commitments with such unforeseeable consequences . For me , it casts Utah in a new and , surprisingly , positive light .
The result is by turns sad , infuriating , frustrating and cautiously hopeful .
Does great justice to the appalling aftermath of the biggest natural disaster to hit America in our lifetime .
LeMay 's approach is a clumsily obvious one which demeans everything by turning the men 's experiences into a kind of reality-TV soap opera .
A scathing documentary baring a nation into deep denial about lingering buried injustices and inequities which rose to the surface exposed to the light of day , in the wake of the Katrina floods .
The failure of our current administration to act openly and efficiently in a time of crisis gets another documentary close-up in Alex LeMay 's humanistic and provocative Desert Bayou .
There are thousands of untold stories still left to emerge from the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina . It 's worth hearing the ones Alex LeMay shares in this compassionate , if somewhat underdeveloped , documentary .
Feels less like a revelatory feature film than several shorts strung together .
A fascinating and guardedly hopeful tale about race , class , religion and geography in American life .
Succeeds in furthering the much-needed dialogue on a defining event in our current political moment .
The lengthy and often heartbreaking interview sequences in the second half ultimately reveal a story that is , metaphorically at least , a tad less black-and-white .
A damning documentary which exposes FEMA 's wholesale failings while depicting a nation still deep in denial and willing to look the other way despite the ongoing suffering of a long-marginalized segment of society .
LeMay deftly follows the lives of two men , Clifford and Curtis . Their stories reverberate as a poignant indictment of a social disaster that began long before New Orleans ' poor , black , and elderly citizens were abandoned to die .
Stunning study of post-Katrina survivors trying to adapt to a racist Utah . Evokes Lost Boys of the Sudan .

@highlight

Although the presentation is sometimes clumsy , the compelling interviews and story make Desert Bayou always informative and enthralling .