There are , alas , true weaknesses in this adaptation - too many close-ups of Colin Firth with tears in his eyes is one ; too many mirror reflections are another - but it is neatly executed with a well-crafted script .
When Did You Last See Your Father ? is n't so much a film by a director as a fantasy sprung straight from the mind of its narcissistic writer and subject .
... a disappointingly by-the-numbers drama that rarely lives up to the effectiveness of its performances .
A bore of a memoir .
A keen and candid subjective scrutiny of parenting through the eyes of a damaged offspring , but a relentlessly grim , insular perspective that rarely ventures outside those long festering psychological wounds .
The winning aspect of this adaptation of a best-selling autobiography is in the director 's management of the points of view .
The performances are marvelous , and little moments ring all too true , making Tucker 's film rewarding if not illuminating .
It 's Broadbent 's movie , and he really does go from one-foot-in-the-grave to youthful and crackling-with-charisma on a dime . It 's not so much that he does it , but that it seems so effortless and non-ostentatious .
A small , intimate film with numerous flashbacks like this one is trickier than it looks , but ultimately it touches the heart and proves a worthwhile journey perfectly timed for Father 's Day .
... a movie that would probably be better off as a poem .
`` Father '' handles things with grace , wit and a healthy dose of authenticity , staying true to author Blake Morrison 's clear-eyed memoir of the same name .
Frustratingly stagnant at times but ultimately a moving story about a dying father and the son who must come to terms with him .
The film puts forth the idea that the best we ever get are reflections and fragmented images of others , as if we see things entirely through prisms or distorting glass .
Firth gives one of his most stitched-up performances as the adult Blake . Maybe he overdoes it but I do n't think so . His aloofness , with its awkward hesitancies and ragged bursts of feeling , means that it 's all the more moving when he finally lets go .
Grief is difficult to portray without being morbid , and despite valiant efforts to follow in the footsteps of Big Fish , which swept us away with uplifting reminiscences and amusing anecdotes , this drama struggles to find its equilibrium .
Blake Morrison 's pain is invasive and all-embracing as recounted in his book and repeated in this adaptation , which is a wake and a weep for a father lost to male failures of communication .
When Firth and Broadbent share screen time , it 's very watchable . Despite their proximity in real-life ages , they 're convincing as son and father .
Everything in Water Lilies is more guarded , more complex and far more interesting than it seems .
In this delicate and understated portrait of selective reminiscence by Shopgirl director Anand Tucker , the now-grown son , played by Colin Firth , returns to the scene of the crime that was his childhood .
When Did You Last See Your Father ? is based on a true story , but it still feels contrived .
Though ... well-acted by Firth , Broadbent and Juliet Stevenson , the slow pacing makes it feel as if everyone is walking through a waist-deep bog of emotional reserve .
The author comes off as such a constipated , self-pitying heel , it 's no wonder his old man used to give him such a hard time !
An unfocused , agonized tear-jerker about loss and mourning but some of the performances are excellent .
A small , beautifully acted piece adapted from the British poet Blake Morrison 's memoir .
It is all about cherishing every time you see your father .
Tucker keeps things subdued almost to the point of inertia .
The film is directed and lensed with such subtlety and old-fashioned restraint that you might overlook the exquisite cinematic flourishes throughout .
What ensures our pleasure is the dialogue , which is supple , and the quality of the acting .
The film winds up with some meaningful things to say about balancing the desire to clear the familial air and the need to let some things be , but never gets deep enough into its character 's psyches to dig up anything more revelatory than that .
Strong performances carry this familiar but always intelligent British rites-of-passage story about a philandering doctor and his much-mocked son .
Smartly , Father never ties up all its loose ends , but along the way , it is blessed with dozens of scenes in which a couple of actors connect in ways that feel deeply , humanly real .
When it comes down to it , the story of a son who needs validation and his dying father is utterly predictable .
It can be painful to watch as it so painstakingly captures the slow process of loss . But it 's worth every last teardrop .
The movie is slick and treacly and goes nowhere that has n't been gone before .
A haunting and heartfelt drama that may startle some viewers with sporadic shocks of recognition .
The acting is superior in a rather spotty story . Jim Broadbent is a consummate actor who finds the pinpricks in a dry script and sharpens them to magnify Arthur 's negative characteristics .
Amounts to a glorified Hallmark Hall of Fame special , except with British accents .
When Did You Last See Your Father ? stands out mostly because of Jim Broadbent , and on the strength of his performance I would recommend the film .
Blake is not ready to let his father go . You 'll have trouble letting the movie go too , since the characters are those you grow to care about dearly .
This father-son drama never rises above the archetypal : its conflict will be familiar to all , its resolution a surprise to none .
Tucker delivers a stroke of casting so perfect it might seem obvious : Oscar winner Jim Broadbent as the father and Colin Firth as the son .
This is a film of regret , and judging by what we see of the characters , it deserves to be .
The source is Blake Morrison 's memoir of the same title , an impressionistic account that the filmmakers -- director Anand Tucker with screenwriter David Nichols -- have cast impeccably and , without losing the nuance , shaped into a strong narrative arc .
The catharsis here is all the more moving because of what was n't finished , what remained unsaid and what in the answer to the title 's question proves unknowable .
If only for a moment , all of the film 's problems disappeared and all I was left with was the heartfelt emotion sitting within its core .
There 's an air of unfinished business about it all and I 'm a sucker for loose ends in the name of family dysfunction .
Mature , deeply affecting father-son drama .
Even as it explores familiar deceits and self-delusions , When Did You Last See Your Father ? feels , in the end , as if it 's entangled in them .
When Did You Last See Your Father ? taps into the conflicting feelings so many of us can have about parents who haunt us because they 're difficult , which is part of what makes them irreplaceable .
Jim Broadbent creates a frustratingly complex character as dad and newcomer Matthew Beard is terrific as the teenaged Blake Morrison , but Colin Firth as the adult Blake brings nothing but melancholy mope to the role
... has its good and bad points that make it an uneven effort overall . -LSB- Jim -RSB- Broadbent 's near brilliant performances raises it up a notch .
When Did You Last See Your Father ? '' is grown-up , civilized fare , even though the whole thing might have been improved with a bit of messiness .
When Did You Last See Your Father ? is an eloquent and affecting evocation of a man who remains bigger than life even as he approaches death .
The film is not only poignant , but nuanced , never offering pat answers , predictable revelations or easy sentimentality .
Nicely balances moments of childhood trauma with a full appreciation of the man whose enthusiasm for high spirits sometimes came at considerable cost to those around him .
` Pretty good , for a movie about death ' is n't really good enough .
It 's a lovely attempt to capture how the loss of a parent can create in grown children waves of remorse and fear , pride and blame .
One would only hope that a film about death and dying would n't have to feel quite so lifeless .
Broadbent gives such a jolly , cagey , not-so-passively aggressive and ultimately warm performance , the film has a life of its own despite being like 100 others .
A sensitive and compelling exploration of a troubled father-son relationship whose universal themes will connect with many adults .
Director Tucker 's virtuosity is in marrying Blake 's memories to the present and finding they are one .
File under ` Do n't know what you got 'til it 's gone ' and go buy a Father 's Day gift .
Like most British realist dramas , When Did You Last See Your Father ? is stuffed with team-player acting .
It 's easy to make a movie about fathers and sons . It 's much harder to make one that resonates with emotional honesty .
I have never really seen anything quite like it , and I must therefore wholeheartedly recommend this wondrous work for its magnificently moving father-son performances by Mr. Broadbent and Mr. Firth .
The timing of this film 's release before Father 's Day could n't be more perfect , because anyone with an older father should be able to find some resonance with Morrison 's personal story .
A low-key Big Fish minus the whimsical fantasy .
Exploring the difficult , complex bonds between fathers and sons , this restrained tearjerker from Anand Tucker -LRB- Hilary & Jackie , Shopgirl -RRB- culls familiar terrain with intelligence and a towering performance by Jim Broadbent as the troubled patriarch .
Even bedridden , Broadbent walks away with the film ; his son 's never outshone him and Firth ca n't do much besides sulk .
Delivers the expected to audiences seeking intelligent , engaging entertainment with some tasteful melodramatic twists .
Too episodic but benefits from crackerjack acting and lush period photography .
Although the subject matter may not seem obviously appealing , it 's amazing what finely attuned directorial talent , script-writing finesse and superlative acting can achieve .
The film alternates subtly , seamlessly between past and present and constantly uses mirrors to suggest the different meanings of reflection , of seeing things through a glass darkly , of viewing events from different angles .
Watchable drama with superb performances from a strong cast , though it ultimately feels too self-indulgent to be emotionally engaging .
This is one of those commendably well-made and a trifle old-fashioned films which nowadays will probably find as large an audience on television as in the cinema .
A tender and moving Britflick that 's sure to land a couple of Bafta noms next year .
Smoothly interwoven flashbacks dramatise both a relationship and an absence of one - or at least the blanks in one .
It 's a great song of innocence and embarrassment , with a lively , gregarious performance at its centre by Jim Broadbent as Arthur and a quieter but no less effective one by debutant Beard .
This deeply felt film from Anand Tucker deserves to be seen .
The film is sweet , simplified and a bit syrupy on the soundtrack .
A decade ago Morrison 's biography explored a grief that , I suspect unwittingly , indeed shockingly , exposed the shallow times . The film does n't cut the same mustard .
Director Anand Tucker has moved quickly past the execrable Steve Martin vehicle Shopgirl with a solid , thoughtful , character-driven film .
Feels like just another classy soap opera .
Anand Tucker has no need of bells and whistles , instead letting Colin Firth , and especially Jim Broadbent , enthral us with wonderfully vivid performances .
A bruising but rewarding experience .
It 's certainly a moving film , and many will find its close examination of a father-son relationship particularly cathartic and reflective .
Broadbent is marvellous as the emotional bulldozer while Firth beautifully conveys the concerns of a man terrified that he may be turning into the man he loathed as an adolescent .
Anand Tucker brings Blake Morrison 's autobiographical bestseller to the screen with sensitivity , humour and visual flair .
Manages -- in graceful and bleak ways , in unblinking yet sympathetic depictions of family life -- to take an all-too-familiar plot and still find something fresh in it through skillful and well-crafted execution .
Morrison 's book is painfully honest and whilst the film is sensitively handled and impeccably crafted it is also curiously distant and unmoving .
An unashamed tearjerker that 's all wrapping and no center .
While it 's beautifully shot and acted , the film is also somewhat indulgent and meandering .









@highlight

Sensitive to a fault , Tucker 's adaptation of the Morrison novel is nonetheless solidly scripted and well-acted ; guard your heartstrings .