An example of advocacy filmmaking at its most inspired .
The thoughtfulness and humanity of these inmates is a potent reminder that there 's almost no such thing as a lost cause .
A sincere but unevenly made documentary about Buddhism on death row .
Most of these men will never know freedom beyond prison walls , but they have learned liberation from within .
A sort of cross between The Shawshank Redemption and an episode of MSNBC 's Lockup , the intriguing documentary The Dhamma Brothers makes a cogent case for prisoner rehabilitation over , as one inmate here bluntly puts it , being ` warehoused till you die ' .
Though compelling as far as it goes , a little more skepticism and drama would have made for a more engaging film and enhanced its message .
The film does a poor job of explaining the discipline or how it works , and naively takes the convicts ' testimonials at face value .
There 's one image you 're likely to take away from this mind-boggling documentary . It 's of rows and rows of men dressed completely in white and seated cross-legged on royal blue mats .
Beyond the visual novelty of murderers and rapist sitting in silent practice , The Dhamma Brothers seems to be interested in surprisingly little .
If nothing else , it might change stereotypical perceptions about convicts and prison life .
-LRB- W -RRB- hat many will remember about this otherwise informative film is the way in which we get to know these men .
It 's a truly inspirational piece of documentary filmmaking bolstered by a fine soundtrack featuring the music of Low , New Order and Sigur Ros .
Not polished enough to spread , or strike a nerve , within the wider moviegoing community .
The Dhamma Brothers offers a constructive alternative to the hopelessness of human warehousing .
A remarkable documentary about inmates at an Alabama prison who do a 10-day silent meditation retreat which opens them to the experience of inner peace and compassion .
Takes you on a thrilling and hopeful voyage through a very dark place .
The film presents an intimate , compassionate and sympathetic portrait of a group of individuals that much of society has written off as savage and brutal and who reconnect to their humanity through the act of meditation .
Subject matter definitely trumps stylistic nuance in this solid journeyman effort .
There 's no doubt that the Brothers are a compelling bunch , but their story is n't well served here .
Examines the before and after mindsets of hardened cons converted to an Eastern spiritual path .
Penetrating study of hardened prisoner 's discovering their humane essence through training sessions in Buddhism .



@highlight

This thoughtful if rough hewn doc about death row inmates who discover Buddhism inspires hope that all of us are worthy of redemption .