Black or White is a heartwarming film on the barriers of race , but it 's also a deeply moving film about what it means to be family
Finding ways to get along is no black-and-white issue . It 's complicated .
This very shallow , poorly conceived and developed film , which is based on a true story , is a well-meaning misfire .
Costner holds it all together . While he 's always been supremely watchable , as his looks succumb to middle-age spread-his acting chops have escalated .
The title suggests there are no easy answers . So why does everything feel so tidy ?
As far as legal procedurals and family dramas go , Black or White is a minor success .
Binder 's broadness of reach becomes a kind of tonal confusion - a racial melodrama , but with cute laugh cues .
Only Costner 's salty , unselfconscious turn as a cranky codger makes the film almost bearable .
Even if the script is n't always subtle , Costner makes his flawed protagonist vividly real .
The films strength is its performances . Costner is especially good as a man whose grief brings forth a deep seeded anger , especially when confronted with the threat of losing the one thing left in his life that he loves .
Leaves no room to explore the gray areas that could have made the scenario interesting
Writer-director Mike Binder , who drew one of Costner 's best performances in The Upside of Anger , does it again here , and for good measure , he does the same for Spencer .
Really great performances ... but this inspired-by-fact tale ... only just skims the many provocative issues it touches on , and is rather anticlimactic in the end .
A plea-filled , soapish human-interest story that 's too sudsy , Black or White ca n't lather over its basic message-movie-ness , but its moral 's hardly Shakespearean in its profundity : `` What fools these adults be , bickering over a sweet little girl . ''
You have two minor villains influencing the narrative , but is that enough ? I would like to have seen more interaction between Spencer and Costner . Less of a judicial duel and more of a family feud .
Ostensibly a courtroom drama , Black or White is actually one of the most sensitive and intelligent introspections of American race relations in quite some time .
Although the script lacks nuance or any real tension , Binder uses Costner effectively .
More depth and clarity than expected .
It is n't enough that the movie 's heart and soul are in the right place . It needed edge and art to throw a punch .
Not the film America deserves , and it is also not the film America needs . But we got it anyway .
The script , written by director Binder , tries to say too much , and in doing so , loses some of its charm .
We are left with a movie that raises more questions that it satisfactorily addresses .
Sorting through prejudices and nuances of racial perception occasionally takes Black or White into intriguing territory ... -LSB- more often -RSB- a rather mushily obvious , TV-movie-style courtroom drama built on straw-man arguments .
... might get viewers stirred up about the hypocrisies of racial politics , but it 's unlikely to change many perspectives .
A family drama that shies away from any serious examination of racism in America
Its heart is in the right place , but the story and characters are all a bit too obvious and cliche .
A movie that means well but lacks the conviction and cultural awareness necessary for anything substantial .
Great cast reveals rough and sentimental journey ; Jillian Estel as Eloise is amazing
Binder 's ability to make smart arguments for both sides of the issue , without becoming overly sentimental , gives Black or White a solid foundation .
Binder 's script is a big-screen soap opera , which he attempts to offset with often out-of-place humor .
Another subtle reminder of how much racial bigotry matters ...
For the first two acts , Mike Binder casts an honest look at these characters ' pride and prejudices . Too bad its last act hinges more on incident and surprise than illumination or self-reflection . It mars an otherwise admirably tough-minded drama .
Its heart may be in the right place but the film 's script lacks the nuance and subtlety that could really elevate this drama .
Kevin Costner 's and Octavia Spencer 's confrontational scenes are `` Black or White 's '' strong suits .
Black or White is n't so much an offensive movie as it is a pointless one .
The caliber of the acting by Costner , Spencer and Anthony Mackie is better than the script deserves .
Oh , the bathos ! The loony wrongheadedness of the screenplay !
It 's far from ground-breaking in its social statements , but Black or White is still a solid comedy/drama buoyed by good performances all around .
A discussion is better than none , but the conversation can be improved .
Black Or White asks the right questions , but never gets around to answering them , instead finding itself caught up in stereotypes and cutesy storytelling that often feels like a Hallmark message .
Black or White is far from perfect , but it 's an ideal way to kick off a healthy discussion on race in America .
Even when well-intentioned - which I believe this movie is - broad , sweeping , ca n't - we-all-just-get-along moralizing only opens the door for cringe-worthy moments , which this movie has plenty of .
See what great actors Costner and Spencer can do with Mike Binder 's uneven , but at times powerful and funny tale of race in America .
Binder tackles some very tough material here in a very thoughtful way , even if it falls a little off-balance .
Black or White seems manufactured to show why an alcoholic white man is always better than triflin ' ass black people .
Black or White is a toxic misstep for racial discourse . It boils a serious , knotty story down into a series of running gags , awkward moments , and grandstanding courtroom dialogues .
While it is a little over-simplified in the end - which , to be fair , might have been necessary to get it made - `` Black or White '' is a thoughtful addition to the current dialogue on race relations .
Does n't convincingly delve much deeper than the superficial and stereotypical . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
Costner 's never been better than he is here . But Binder 's ... wrapped his film in cloying Hallmark sentiment with a cutesy score that undermines much of what he 's trying to achieve .
Kevin Costner scowls and darts around the dubious thin line between `` racism '' and un-sugarcoated `` truthfulness '' that only anti-P.C . wingnuts actually believe exists .
Despite the best of intentions , a career-best performance from Kevin Costner , and outstanding work by Octavia Spencer and child actor Jillian Estell , `` Black or White '' succumbs to some of the same stereotypes it tries to dispel .
Black Or White is a good movie constantly fluctuating back and forth from clunky to complex .
It may be helpful - or vexing - to think of `` Black or White '' as the great grandchild of `` Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner ? ''
Binder , who once made lowbrow comedies but now specializes in middlebrow dramedies , is in several leagues over his head with this story ...
`` Black or White '' stumbles even as it tries to move forward .
It 's often painful , and not in a good way ; it 's painful because of the roads it does n't explore , the shortcuts it takes , and the special pleading it ca n't stop itself from indulging in .
Well meaning but wrong headed
No one seems to want to talk about -LSB- race -RSB- , so Binder finds ways to force them to . Every time , those methods feel forced and unearned .
Binder continues to be better with the small moments than the big ones .
`` White , '' despite its best intentions , is often too simplified for mass acceptance , losing big screen appeal once the audience realizes that everything about the picture would be better suited for the small screen .
Sometimes flawed material can be saved by great performances and good intentions .
The film is by no means perfect and its goals are undermined by a sloppy climax and conclusion but it avoids preaching while providing fodder for thought .
Kevin Costner gives everything he 's got to the role , but writer-director Mike Binder , who worked beautifully with Costner on 2005 's The Upside of Anger , finds himself on the downside of juggling stereotypes .
A heartfelt but contrived and simplistic take on the subject -LSB- of race relations -RSB- .
The title suggests there are no easy answers . So why does everything feel so tidy ?
Costner 's performance really is powerful . What it all means remains a mystery .
Black or White comes at the issue -LSB- of race -RSB- from so many angles simultaneously that the overall impact is muted .
The movie is appealing enough to make you want to believe it , even when you do n't .
Talk about tin ears . `` Black or White '' comes off as the product of clouded eyes , sour stomachs and addled brains .
A well-intentioned , white-perspective drama like `` Black or White '' is n't going to change the world , but it might change the terms of an overdue conversation .
A movie that 's every bit as oversimplified and obvious as its title .
This is undeniably well-intentioned , though , and the players are sensitive and sincere .
If only Black or White spent more time in the gray zone .
A solid cast , but the racial issue is so poorly presented that the film feels unintentionally offensive .
The title suggests a choice Mike Binder 's movie will make for you , stacking the deck with half the cards ... . contains all the racial insight of a Madea farce .
The L.A. of Black Or White is so absurdly synthetic and divorced from the real world that a stiff breeze could blow the whole thing into the Pacific .
It might not be the Oscar contender it was once hailed as , but that does n't mean it 's not a solidly made film -- even a brave one , for its willingness to tackle touchy issues .
A flawed but noble look at race .
Costner deserves credit for continuing to make - or , at least trying to make - grown-up movies . But he 's undercut at almost every point here by director Mike Binder ...
Mike Binder 's got the heart but not the grit to fully tap the potential of this well intentioned drama .
`` Black or White '' ... is notable for what it does n't try to do . It does n't assess America 's racial attitudes based on the headlines of the day or use its story ... to placate or to inflame .
Mostly the movie is an excuse for Binder to set up straw-man arguments and tear them down disingenuously .
Good acting and plenty to think about , but a better director than Mike Binder would have made a better film .
Willing to acknowledge a thorny middle ground without ever finding a satisfying path through it , Black or White is a film all about matters of race that hardly matters at all .
Despite excellent performances by Kevin Costner , Octavia Spencer and other cast members , Mike Binder 's racially tinged custody battle drama `` Black or White '' never achieves much in the way of dramatic credibility .
` Black or White ' is one of the messiest films ever made , which is to say it 's hard to knock down -LRB- or praise -RRB- .
Kevin Costner continues a quietly incremental comeback with this child-custody drama . It could have been his Kramer vs. Kramer-but does n't even come close .
Not since the last Dinesh D'Souza flick has a movie seemed so eager to tell us who are the good black people and who the bad ones .
Definitely tilts toward the white guy POV , but still a smart , quotable and well-acted drama that turns stereotypes on their ears .
Worth the investment for veteran Costner 's vintage performance and for the way in which the timely script dares to tackle some tough social questions in refreshingly-realistic , if perhaps politically-incorrect fashion .
`` If I were as unfair as director Mike Binder is to his African-American characters , I 'd say this project is a white filmmaker 's rationalization to have a white character occasionally say -LRB- and certainly think -RRB- the N-word while raising a black child . ''
The filmmaker and his on-screen proxies boldly go places our national discourse desperately needs to go , yet rarely does .
This is a tiresome interracial custody dramedy in which white non-guilt righteously dukes it out with black melodrama .
Kevin Costner shines in Mike Binder 's disappointingly dull and safe-playing race relations drama .
The film 's sentiments are so hollow they wind up doing an injustice to the very real problems that exist in a world where racial inequality and the myriad of concerns the spring from it , are far more complex than simply black and white .
Flawed but engaging , with an excellent performance by Kevin Costner .
A broad but touching dramedy about the racial barriers that divide us and the family ties that bind .
Costner gives one of his strongest performances in recent years , but the effort is for naught in a film that ultimately does n't have the courage to deal honestly with the issues it raises .

@highlight

Black or White has more on its mind than your average family drama , but the film 's approach to its thought-provoking themes too often lives down to its title .