This Madea creaks as it starts , before predictable plot mechanics mesh for an upbeat finish , complete with a Christmas carol .
The problem is the treatment of racism breaks no new ground and represents the issues in the simplest most condescending form .
A toned down , crassly calculated attempt to expand the brand to a wider audience -LRB- see also : white people -RRB- and everybody is on their best behavior .
Here 's the simple truth : If you like the character of Madea , who is filmmaker Tyler Perry in drag , you will like Perry 's ` A Madea Christmas . ' If you do n't , or if you have n't ` met ' Madea yet , then this probably is n't for you .
Perry 's well-worn , play-to-the-nosebleeds schtick drowns out anything as far as basic craft .
Madea has some good line as does Larry the Cable Guy . The movie is n't laugh riot but it has some laughs and it also has a good message .
Rather than rising above the fray , Madea is very much the fray itself .
The uneasy peace that has existed lately between the cinema of Tyler Perry and me has been sorely tested by this one .
If you find yourself outside Tyler Perry 's loyal following -LRB- even if the reason is skin-deep -RRB- , this Christmas get-together is still inviting .
Larry the Cable Guy and Madea are an oddly perfect pairing . They 're both comedians in drag - Larry just gets to wear pants
The film may sound like an instant camp classic , but while it 's staggeringly odd , it is n't much fun .
The same slapdash , lightweight effort as Madea in any other season , with a few Yuletide flourishes .
Slapdash , with dialogue and plot points that were cliches in Dickens ' era , the pic sends up , then reaffirms , all the values the media sell us each holiday : compassion , forgiveness , tolerance .
The humor seems sour and perfunctory from the start .
When Madea is onscreen , at least you know what universe you are in , and there is something interesting and insane to watch . Otherwise , you are thrust into an abyss of meaninglessness ...
You can see , and hear , the clanking of his melodramatic machinery - the gears and pulleys of emotion - but by the time the movie is over , you 've been wedged into those gears ; they have you .
By the standards of Tyler Perry 's Madea series , A Madea Christmas is better than average .
The one fascination of A Madea Christmas is how little care the country 's most popular and powerful indie filmmaker takes in shaping his own material .
A crass weapon in the crusade against the War on Christmas , the yuletide-themed Madea avoids pushing buttons in hopes of meeting the requirements for annual replay on cable .
With a character who can essentially say and do whatever she wants , you might expect a bit more .
There 's a certain brilliance to the awfulness of A Madea Christmas .
The prolific multi-hyphenate media mogul has pumped out an endless array of movies in recent years , but his latest effort ranks as one of his very worst .
Bah humbug .
` A Madea Christmas ' is messy and half-baked , funny on purpose but especially when trying to be serious , and ultimately as convincing as a comically-oversized man , dressed up in drag , mispronouncing words in a way that no one possibly could .
Comedy characters change and grow . Sometimes , as we see in Tyler Perry 's A Madea Christmas , they become so much like old relatives that their edge is gone .
An exceptionally poor piece of holiday cash-in product , rushed and ungainly even by the low standard set by Perry 's seven previous Madea films , yet it should be every bit as profitable .
Welcome to the Tyler Perry downturn .
Perry seemed to be holding his nose and trudging through the disappointing Madea 's Witness Protection , but this time Madea has her groove back , and she 's a riot .
Only one terrible sub-plot away from being a legitimately good movie .
I do n't know , maybe it worked as theater . Onscreen , it 's torture .
No amount of seasonal cheer and supporting turns from former Facts of Life stars is going to steer the sleigh to satisfaction . Even for a Tyler Perry movie , this feature seems excessively cheap and lifeless .
Bah humbug to this awful flick . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Worst Madea movie ever , worst movie Tyler Perry has ever made
Sassy sister squares-off against backwoods hillbilly for lots of harmless holiday-themed laughs !
A hackneyed story that spoon-feeds its messages to the viewer while devising just-plain-wrong set-pieces involving a run-in with the Ku Klux Klan and the crucifixion of a bratty little white girl .

@highlight

It boasts a few laughs , but overall , Tyler Perry 's A Madea Christmas ranks among Perry 's least entertaining or substantive works .