Here 's to clearing space for another Emmy trophy because the moment this movie was placed on the HBO schedule , he won the award .
Beneath the melodrama of the maneuvering for power , there are millions of ordinary human beings who depend on the right outcome .
Just as Johnson steamrolled opposition en route to a landslide 1964 election victory , so Cranston 's charisma blew everyone else clean off screen . The actor also went `` all the way '' and it was absorbing to watch .
All The Way is a rare film that tries to actually understand history instead of reducing it to mechanism . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Strong performances and well defined characters help this film work . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
All the Way is a firm lesson in the price and struggle of progress in American democracy , and the perhaps impossibility of a `` nice guy '' president . It 's also an illustration of both how much and how little has changed in 50 years .
The writing only takes the time to make LBJ into a fully fleshed-out , complex creature , while everyone else is judged simply by Roach and Schenkken 's bland conception of moral codes .
One can rarely sense that Cranston is acting , so fully does he inhabit his exceedingly well-written role .
Fast-moving but uninvolving .
Transferring his Tony Award-winning performance as President Lyndon B. Johnson to television , Bryan Cranston bursts through the television screen with the energetic shrewdness and vulgarity of one of America 's most vexed presidents .
Johnson had the same insecurities we all do ; but whatever happened , he made sure it happened on his terms . All The Way never lets you forget that legacies , like most things , are mediated by power .
Much of the film 's draw , and pleasures , stem from watching Bryan Cranston work the character -LRB- not to mention the prosthetic nose and ears -RRB- .
It 's been a while since I saw a TV movie that had everything going for it , yet failed to be memorable . All the Way should have been a classic : electrifying , surprising , moving , artful . It 's not .
For HBO 's stirring docudrama All the Way , Cranston goes beyond a spot-on impersonation , aided by astonishing makeup effects , to channel President Lyndon B. Johnson 's outsize personality and authority .
All the Way might not become the definitive LBJ biopic , but Bryan Cranston 's towering performances as the 36th president is never less than extraordinary .
The movie may have a larger scope , but it retains the power of the original play .
Out to give voice to every disparate shred of the Long Tall Texan 's legacy , All the Way ends up a fascinating story undermined by its own compromises .
A commendable achievement , this HBO movie powerfully captures President Johnson 's ability to bully , cajole and manipulate people to vote the way he wanted .
Director Jay Roach turns Robert Schenkkan 's acclaimed Broadway play into an engrossing , powerful if slightly overcrowded movie that works as a biopic of LBJ and as a time capsule of a crucial period in the civil rights movement .
All the Way should be admired for going the distance , and Cranston rewarded for holding it all together .
The film posits LBJ and King as imperfect men who sincerely wanted to do good , even if their paths were n't completely straight . Much of the backroom dealing and power brokering is revelatory .
This is a riveting film with a bravura performance by Cranston , who 's been the signature television actor of the past decade . All the Way again shows there 's nothing he ca n't do -- with the exception of giving a bad performance .
Cranston 's performance embodies all of Johnson 's contradictions ... In short order , he gets beyond the accent and remarkable make-up -LRB- the resemblance is uncanny -RRB- to inhabit the role .
None of this is done with any great depth . At times , the drama is all too obviously derived from a stage play . But the play and the HBO movie are emphatically about Lyndon Johnson , and what carries it beyond its stagey limitations is Cranston .
Robert Schenkkan 's adaptation of his own play offers us a chance to reconsider Johnson 's complex legacy .
It feels like you 're witnessing a miracle , at times , watching Bryan Cranston as Lyndon B. Johnson in HBO 's All the Way , just as it did watching Daniel Day-Lewis as Abraham Lincoln in Lincoln .
As with a lot of stage-to-screen productions , the background players sort of fade into a chorus , but what 's there in the spotlight , center stage , is n't just a great performance but a formative chapter in our history ; one that 's still to be written .
There 's no comparing this performance to anything he 's ever done . All the Way is going to lead Cranston along a familiar path -- right up to the Emmy podium come fall .
Cranston does n't turn in one performance here , but at least a dozen . All of them , incidentally , are spectacular .
Complexity flows from Cranston . He ca n't replicate LBJ 's girth or age , but his ferocious performance -- aided by seamless makeup and helmer Jay Roach 's framing -- is fully convincing .
All the Way tries to delve into that period from the perspective of the D.C. wheeler-dealer at the very top of the power structure , but this historical exploration unfortunately only goes part of the way .
Transferred from the stage , Cranston 's performance remains outsized , but probably proportionate to Johnson himself .

@highlight

Anchored by Bryan Cranston 's phenomenal performance as LBJ , All the Way is an engrossing portrayal of a complicated man during a pivotal moment in US history .