Less amusing than a game of license plate bingo .
It 's a waste of time , and a horrendous attempt at family fodder .
With one of the most hackneyed expressions in children-based comedy movies `` Are We There Yet ? '' fulfills every low expectation that its urban target audience will bring to their cinema chairs .
This somewhat schizophrenic comedy may be expressing Cube 's own ambivalence about parting ways with his NWA inner bad boy and embracing fatherhood and all of its virtuous authority figure dimensions .
Are We There Yet ? all too effectively conveys the claustrophobic horror of being shackled in a small space with two whiny , hateful children .
Are We There Yet ? is more interested in crass humor than in creating remotely believable characters that we might actually care about .
It 's never too early to start that ` Worst of 2005 ' list , and Are We There Yet ? is already a worthy contender .
Are We There Yet ? is the perfect movie for your children , assuming you hate your children .
What does Brian Levant have against the stars of Boyz N the Hood ? First Cuba Gooding Jr. in Snow Dogs , now Cube and Nia Long in one fell swoop .
That we 're supposed to find any of these characters appealing is just one of the mysteries posed by this so-called ` family ' comedy .
The problem is that , if anything , -LSB- Ice Cube -RSB- is too likeable - he 's never allowed to really get angry with the kids , which severely hampers the comic potential of the premise .
Several of my grand kids were with me at a recent screening and loved the film . Some critics have panned the film , citing the kids were too cruel . I disagree .
The evolution of Ice Cube from ` AmeriKKKa 's Most Wanted ' to America 's Most Cuddly continues .
Mean-spirited `` family '' comedy with inane script and lack of decent performances . **
It COULD have been something , but ...
None of the film 's major events are very funny or interesting , but Cube manages a few delightfully funny and charming small moments .
Someone should have stolen Ice Cube 's car keys to keep him from making this road-movie road kill .
Are We There Yet ? is not a great film , but it 'll do . Remember , you can do a lot worse this month .
Ice Cube 's torturous misadventures inspire a major laugh or two , but more often than not , the jokes are lame and cruel .
It 's too early and too cynically easy to declare Are We There Yet ? the worst film of 2005 , but it 's awfully tempting .
The bad news is that the inclusion of a bobble-head doll is not the worst part of this disappointing family comedy .
Expends four full reels questioning the wisdom of procreation , only to turn around and conclude it 's the greatest thing in life in the fifth .
Maybe the MPAA needs to create a new rating -LRB- < 5 -RRB- for movies like this : `` Not recommended for those over the age of five . ''
Insultingly bad !
Somehow , ` Life ai n't nothin ' but diapers and minivans ' just does n't pack the same punch .
Are We There Yet ? is a bumpy , often infuriating ride . But where else can you see Ice Cube wrestle a deer ?
The kids never come off as either believable or loveable -- and they 're not funny either .
` Are We There Yet ? ' is an eerily appropriate title for cinema 's first authentic endurance test of 2005 .
A joyless road-trip comedy that 's about as pleasant as a bad case of car sickness .
Critics sniff at Ice Cube 's movies , but they deliver just what his audiences want .
The humor and escapades are occasionally well-focused -LRB- refusal to board a plane for carrying a corkscrew -RRB- but more often rude and physically abusive .
The gags seem pretty lame even by the standards assiduously applied by most 8-year-olds .
Marred with long stretches of the pothole most anathemic to comedy : dead air .
Try as he may , Cube ca n't save this movie , in which he also served as a producer . That would be like emptying a flood area by using thimbles .
... Gags that would n't be funny in small doses drag on to excruciating lengths .
The two things I learned from Are We There Yet ? are : a -RRB- all bachelors are depressed and lonely , and b -RRB- friendship means nothing unless there is sex at the end of the tunnel .
Adults will be asking , ` Is it over yet ? '
These kids are going after perfectly innocent nice adults . They are some of the nastiest children in movie history .
All the Stuckey Pecan Logs in the world could n't make this road trip worth it .
Abandons modestly raucous situations and physical gags in favor of sentimental filler about assuming responsibility .
I would love Are We There Yet ? if I was a kid -- a kid who just got tossed off a pony and run over by an ice cream truck .
So Are We There Yet ? The answer is yes-we arrived and from the looks of this fettered fluff we could ask an equally appropriate inquiry : Is it too late to go back ?
Ice Cube 's Are We There Yet ? strands the genial rapper in Home Alone-style high jinks
The chemistry between Nick and the scheming kids has a definite flair .
The movie never passes up an opportunity to insult viewers of all ages .
The worst part is , it aggressively positions itself as a harmless , family-friendly movie .
Lacks the courage of its grape-juice - , mud - , and vomit-spattered convictions .
Think twice about getting involved with the woman who reared these two little sadists . Maybe these two rotten apples have n't fallen far from the tree .
Does a good job of capturing the aspect of child-parent and child-adult relationships . And although funny , the movie does touch on a few social issues .
This is a detour to avoid .
Too bad some studio executive did n't post a ` wrong way ' sign when this road picture was pitched .
How much sweeter Nick 's heart-to-heart with Lindsey and Kevin would be if the movie was more than a clichéd journey .
The movie has all the hallmarks of a disaster .
At first glance , such emasculation humor seems a depressing departure for the erstwhile Amerikkka 's Most Wanted .
Ice Cube is the best thing about the movie , but he has to work hard to overcome the inadequacies of this dreadful screenplay .
Uh oh , pull over , I think I 'm gon na be car sick .
Worse than the crude humor is the movie 's forced sentiment .
Is it over yet ? Is it over yet ? Is it over yet ?
The humor is typified by the painfully unfunny recurring gag that has a bobble-head doll of Satchel Paige -LRB- voiced by Tracy Morgan -RRB- giving life and love advice to Nick . The late baseball great deserves better than that -- and so do audiences .
Ice Cube has let so many of his hard edges melt off that he ca n't even manage a decent tantrum here .
The road , it turns out , has a few detours along the way .
Delivers on some pretty basic childhood fantasies -- chiefly , kids seeing themselves in control , and watching adults in comical pain . And it does it too quickly and competently for their grown-up chaperones to mind much .
Are we laughing yet ?
The kids finally soften Cube 's heart -LRB- and vice versa -RRB- , get Mom to see past his scowl and into his kind heart , and become a wholesome unit that makes this a distastefully fit and formulaic family film .
Shows children behaving in ways that go right to the edge of absolute evil , and who are snotty and charmless besides . At the same time , the movie demands that we should feel warm toward those kids after all .
The answer to Are We There Yet ? is , yes , we are there -- in comedy hell .
Never quite arrives , and perhaps at a cost to Ice Cube 's career .
Cube is genuinely charming , but even he ca n't elevate the proceedings above the coarse sensibilities of Brian Levant , whose niche is directing boorish , noisy children 's pictures .
We 've got stereotypes-a-go-go : Raging redneck truckers . Accented Asians . Country bumpkins . Black fathers missing in action . The humor 's a tad too raunchy for the kids , and the predictable plot wo n't win over any of the parents .
Phony and formulaic from start to finish , the movie may make some viewers feel as if they 're trapped in a car themselves with a driver who wo n't pull over .
I would have loved to see a genuine love story involving Ice Cube , Nia Long , and the challenge of a lifelong bachelor dating a woman with children . Sad that a story like that could n't get made , but this shrill ` comedy ' could .
Ice Cube is an essentially soft-screen presence despite the assumed belligerence of his shtick . His knotted scowl hides a mushy middle of basic human decency .
Parents should be warned that dropping the kids off at this one may be tantamount to child abuse .
This gnarly and illogical little sitcom is bound to make any adult reconsider that next outing with the kids .
It 's like Planes , Trains and Automobiles , but with Steve Martin replaced by Ice Cube and John Candy replaced by two spiteful , hateful children who are unworthy of love .
If I had n't spent the majority of the film 's running time coming up with alternate titles -LRB- Is This Thing Over Yet ? -RRB- , I 'd almost think that Cube had made a fruitful step .
-LSB- A -RSB- lready we have the film to beat for the title of 2005 's Movie That Makes You Want To Move To Another Planet To Avoid Any Association With Its Creators ...
It 's an energetic , broad and indefatigable movie . But in the end , it is n't really all that good .
Never arrives at any entertaining destination .
Director Brian Levant ca n't pace a scene , develop a character or time a joke , but finally his criminal misuse of the spirit of Satchel Paige is too much . This road trip never gets out of the driveway .
Its star Ice Cube remains characteristically amiable , but this thuddingly miscalculated comedy is way beneath him .
The always charismatic Ice Cube makes Are We There Yet ? watchable , but his young charges are such insufferable brats that the hero 's change of heart remains a mystery .
If your requirements for good comedy begin and end with a swift kick to the groin , Are We There Yet ? is the movie for you .
Are We There Yet ? is an appalling experience that no adult -LRB- or kid for that matter -RRB- should be subjected to . On the plus side , it makes for great birth control .
Cube plays his part gamely , but the the film works against him .
The kids are so horrendous in road romp Are We There Yet ? that Ice Cube turns out to be the adorable one .
The strength of Ice Cube 's performance is his willingness to show vulnerability . When he says he does n't like kids , he means it . But when he cares , you feel it .
Cube is a human teddy bear . His charm is about the only thing that carries the movie , 96 manic minutes of two obnoxious children holding hostage their caretaker .
Why ca n't anyone in Hollywood find something more worthy for the lovely , talented Nia Long to do besides play a simpering single mom ? This is n't the first time I 've asked such a question , and I 'm sure it wo n't be the last .
Surely the only thing more excruciating than being trapped in a car with a bratty child is having to sit through a road-trip movie that features two of them .
You may be asking yourself the title question as you watch a kid-phobic man take an unwanted road trip with the children of a single mom he wants to woo .
Feels more like ` Is It Over Yet ? '
Are We There Yet ? wo n't make your day , but it wo n't kill it either .
The longest , naggiest , car-sickiest travel with children is less tedious than this weak and dragged-out generic fluff .
This family comedy is a way for kids to punish their parents for making them eat their vegetables .
You 'll likely be checking your watch in hopes of an affirmative answer to the movie 's title . In this case for Cube , N.W.A. stands for Nominally Worthy Adventure .
-LSB- Ice Cube is -RSB- more convincing in a babershop than in a beautiful woman 's bed .
It 's both a romantic fable and a hell movie for wannabe players - each in all the wrong measures .
Is this what passes for family entertainment these days ?
The type of fluff usually reserved for the likes of Tim Allen or a post-Nutty Professor Eddie Murphy .
You think , Hey , these kids have put Nick through every conceivable indignity except kicking him in the groin ! Then , sure enough , one of them kicks Nick in the groin .
-LSB- Alternates -RSB- rocket-fueled slapstick with soft-piano sentiment ... Then again , it 's not every day you see Ice Cube , on a horse , charging after a train .
A commercial for Military School .
Will the audience follow Ice Cube on this road trip to benign banality ? Here 's hoping he books a nonstop return ticket .
Happily , the answer is eventually ` Yes . ' Travels such a well-worn road that you feel you 've ridden it many times over .
Does n't even have the wit to be energetic , funny or humane en route to being inane , irritating , and corrosive .
We all saw the trailers and commercials , so we should have known better than to have high expectations .
Ridiculously trite but ultimately harmless .
A silly comedy that provides plenty of laughs for those in the audience who are in the single digits or who can make like they are .
Is it over yet ?
Damn that Satchel Paige bobblehead doll and double-damn director Brian Levant for thinking it was a good idea .






@highlight

This supposed family comedy staring the usually blameless Ice Cube and Nia Long has provoked most critics to write , `` Is it over yet ? ''