... more superficial than moody . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Poltergeist is extremely dumb with characters whose life holds no importance to the viewer , but at the very least it never stops trying to conjure up some scares once the gears are set in motion
As is too often the case -LSB- the special effects are -RSB- treated as the only thing audiences care about .
While the movie ranks low on shock factor - there are hardly any spine-tingling moments - the cast deserves a thumbs-up for making their characters relatable .
I 'm not a hardcore horror fan , so I ca n't say whether hardcore horror fans will like this movie . But I can say that I think Poltergeist has potential outside the group of people who normally see horror movies .
Poltergeist 2015 is too weak to stand up to the original .
` Poltergeist ' assembles a very gifted group of people to go through another movie 's paces , a cover band you wish would just play their own songs .
It 's not a fresh re-telling that takes the story to a new level , but there 's enough here that 's unnerving to keep horror lovers happy .
The techno-centric storyline does little to separate it from the last decade of subpar horror .
Despite -LSB- its -RSB- reverential treatment , Kenan and producer Sam Raimi manage to serve up an effective supernatural horror film that 's capable of standing on its own feet .
-LSB- An -RSB- amiably pleasing little spook show .
The new movie does n't even try to grapple with what 's in front of it .
A remake that lacks creativity , hoping to trade on an established brand .
At some point you do n't know if you 're watching a horror film or an electronics catalogue . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
None of it is frightening for a second .
For about 20 minutes , Poltergeist gave you the feeling that you 're in for a fun time . But fun turned into routine way too fast .
A supernatural horror movie that will move your pulse in places but do little to nudge your soul .
Poltergeist is a poor and unnecessary remake . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gil Kenan 's new version keeps details of the original story , but it is unable to provide a new mythology . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
A worthy remake , though it does n't outshine Tobe Hooper 's version . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Nothing will surprise you if you 've seen the original , but it will keep you on the edge of your seat . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Feels like what the Lifetime Channel in America would do to a remake of the Tobe Spielberg classic haunting film .
a ghost train hardly inferior to the first Poltergeist -LRB- which has come to be somewhat overrated in the memories of Generation X -RRB- , but more up to date .
A needless yet entertaining remake ...
At its best , the film is a conspicuously less-good version of a thing that exists in a perfectly fine iteration . At its worst , it 's basically a disaster site .
` Poltergeist ' is yet another decent remake that 's a reimagining of a 1980s classic .
Instead of a reboot that takes advances in technology , the ever-expanding suburban sprawl or a clear audience desire for haunted houses , we 're left with little more than a faded photocopy .
It might thrill those who have n't seen Hooper 's original version , but there 's no reason not to go back and find that one instead . It 's simply better than this inferior attempt to cash in .
For all of the script 's tentativeness , Kenan -LRB- Monster House -RRB- brings a high level of craft to his haunted house film , matching recent overhyped ghost stories like The Conjuring and Insidious .
A lazy cover of a great song .
Director Gil Kenan ruins the pacing with too many half-baked , awkwardly staged horror set pieces , but the cast acquit themselves well enough .
Rockwell , DeWitt and Adams will hopefully find the forthcoming , unrelated Digging for Fire a better showcase for their on-screen presence , but here ... they add personality otherwise lacking to a generic paranormal effort .
Remakes are n't always a bad idea . Even a creative re-think is n't out of order . But Poltergeist 2015 does n't seem to have anything on its mind and what it does say is n't very interesting .
Remaking the 1982 horror film Poltergeist was n't necessarily a bad idea , but this new version feels like too little , too late .
This is essentially the same movie , mostly shorn of the former 's shock value .
... makes largely cosmetic changes to the material without offering much in the way of distinctive frights .
puts plenty of new spins on the familiar beats of the story , but their relevance must have wound up somewhere on the cutting room floor
The remake has been engineered in broadly the right carnival spirit . It should shift a lot of popcorn , if nothing else .
Creepy and contrived , it 's a nostalgic yet totally unnecessary remake .
Almost all the scares that connect have been imported from the original .
It 's so busy rushing to match or exceed the original 's iconic beats that it neglects to create any of its own .
A hearty reminder of how much more effective a film like this can be when you actually care about the characters .
Poltergeist has too many skeletons in the closet , but unfortunately none of them add up to a particularly scary film .
Monster House director Gil Kenan does n't desecrate the grave of the original , but nor does he offer any convincing reason to raise it from the dead .
There 's little doubt that nostalgia played a part in Fox 's decision to remake Poltergeist , but that 's a poor reason for any film 's existence and no excuse for how uninspired Gil Kenan 's re-imagining of this one turned out .
A cautionary tale about the necessity of disclosures when purchasing an older home , Gil Kenan 's `` Poltergeist '' borrows liberally from the classic film to revisit the story of a family , a house , and the portal that upends their lives , with limited results .
It does n't even seem like a remake of Poltergeist as much as it feels like The Conjuring 2 , Insidious : Chapter 3 or Paranormal Activity 33-1/3 .
It 's baack , and it 's bad .
Its slight pleasures are more indicative of Gil Kenan 's plea for time off from Movie Jail for good behavior than his directorial skills . However , he brings impish , effective efficiency to a remake that works modestly on its own single-serving terms .
As far as exterior circumstances go , one wonders if the most tragic sacrifice was supplying this material with voices too passive to suggest something a little less derivative .
Despite its 33-year advantage , there 's really nothing much here to justify remaking the classic 1982 Steven Spielberg frightfest .
It hums along without any visible energy , reminding us at every turn how pale a reflection it is of the original .
Poltergeist is a forgettable diversion - one that will only satisfy casual viewers looking for a mildly eerie -LRB- and sometimes humorous -RRB- ghost story .
Another forgettable horror product .
It 's not exactly a scary film , but it does provide an enjoyable ride . It 's good fun . But it left me befuddled . A little sad . And a little angry .
Has the same form as the original , but none of the substance . Cinematically speaking , they kept the headstones but got rid of the bodies .
This movie is aggressively unscary .
Offers enough tweaks to the source material to justify its existence . Besides , even if you already believe clown dolls should be expunged from the earth , a little more confirmation ca n't hurt .
Suitably creepy .
The original film was promoted with the tagline `` It knows what scares you . '' If there was a truth-in-advertising law regarding films , this movie 's ad copy would read : `` Poltergeist : Meh . ''
It 's all so damned familiar , whether you 've seen the original Poltergeist or not .
This is the kind of movie that gives remakes a bad name .
Anyone wanting real supernatural scares in 2015 should let this deafening cash-grab slide into oblivion and seek out the truly chilling It Follows instead .
The new `` Poltergeist '' might well be the scariest movie 13-or-unders have yet seen , just as the original was for their parents back in 1982 .
The audience is n't invested in the characters or their fate . Bit of a problem .
BOX OF CLOWNS !
Yet another unnecessary remake , this suitably scary haunted-house tale is likely to be loved only by those who never saw the original .
We want a potent supernatural light show , with undead bodies breaking through the foundation to reclaim their gravesites . Poltergeist 2015 does n't get this . Instead , it repeats the past , and proves a pale comparison .
Poltergeist does benefit from briskness-it 's actually 20 minutes shorter than Hooper 's film-and there is a nice , Evil Dead 2-esque sequence involving a power drill .
Poltergeist 2015 is to Poltergeist '82 what today 's shipped-frozen-to-the-store Pizza Hut dough is to the kneaded-on-site pies the chain 's stoned cooks tossed in the Reagan era .
This new Poltergeist is n't anything special ... But it 's not a travesty , and that feels like cause for brief celebration .
Much like ancient cemeteries , exhume classic horror films at your peril . It 's often wise to celebrate them instead of pillaging their graves for commercial gain .
Rarely has a remake felt more contractually obligated than the 2015 version of `` Poltergeist . ''
Much ado about nothing that needed to be rebooted in the first place . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
It 's the cinematic equivalent of a pat on the back accompanied by a slap in the face .
Poltergeist 's obsession with gimmicks stems from its near-pathological desire to feel `` new . '' It does n't feel new , and the sad irony is that , 30 years from now , this film will likely feel hopelessly dated .
... if the only reason you 're remaking a movie is simply because you own the rights , it 's probably not worth doing .
If viewers can look past the sheer audacity of attempting another Poltergeist , they 'll find a solid modernization .
Does n't improve on Hooper 's film , or equal it , but at least it does n't bastardize it . But ... why settle for a respectable retread when you can still savor its superior model ?
Poltergeist does n't aspire to anything greater than being a decent first draft of what had the potential to be an impressive remake .
Does n't hold a candle to the original , but as far as remakes go I 've seen a whole lot worse . Energetic and never boring .
Diminutive paranormal whiz Zelda Rubenstein has been turned into Jared Harris , as you do . Rubenstein was an awful ham , but at least she was memorable .
Poltergeist has some bright spots .
That the 2015 version is n't as riveting as the 1982 feature is n't really a problem . But the new `` Poltergeist '' does n't even best 1988 's `` Poltergeist III . '' That 's cause for concern .
It does n't reinvent the wheel , but Poltergeist is a solid , surprisingly effective chiller that 's respectful towards its 1982 predecessor while acquitting itself as a proficient update .
Just as the original was one of the scariest PG movies ever , the reboot has about as much gruesomeness as you can possibly stuff into a PG-13 .
This remake is over 20 minutes shorter than the original `` Poltergeist , '' and it saved most of that time by sacrificing the beginning and end .
If you have any inclination to see this , just rewatch the original . You will lose nothing , and you 'll have a far better time .
Yet another pointless remake that pales in comparison to the superior original .
The new Poltergeist does n't desecrate the familiar skeleton of the original , but it does n't do a whole lot with it either .
Poltergeist , a condensed remake of Tobe Hooper 's 1982 horror film , is doubly redundant .
Inferior though this twenty-first century rendition is , `` Poltergeist '' is a respectable thriller when judged on its own merits .
The kids get to be the heroes which is very Amblin . There are great moments for the audience to collectively whisper or scream , ` Do n't look in there ! '
Poltergeist is basically a live-action version of Monster House , and that is a very good thing .
There are some jumps but few legitimate scares , unlike director Tobe Hooper 's original , which , although similarly bloodless , still stands as one of the scariest movies ever made .
Silliness is almost a prerequisite of horror films , of course , but when they are sillier than they are scary , then they have to be marked down as a fail .
Elevated to more than a so-so remake by a knowing script -LRB- a dinner party revelation that the house is built on an old graveyard -RRB- and terrific performances , particularly from Rockwell who 's seemingly incapable of a bad one .
Kenan skilfully combines familiar scary-movie clichés with more original touches , including an innovative use of drone technology , and comes up with a better-than-average remake .
Blase actors rob this of any prayer of being scary .
While Poltergeist may not reinvent the wheel it 's a fairly enjoyable 90 minutes at the cinema .
Poltergeist is an update of the 1982 horror of the same name and remains faithful to its story : spirits terrorise a suburban family and make a beeline for the youngest of their three children .
Alongside the shock tactics , Kenan 's Poltergeist also works well as a study of a squeezed middle-class American family struggling to survive in a punishing economic climate .
It 's a shame Kenan ca n't muster his own bit of gothic shorthand for post-credit crunch America , but the film still has a fluid , 3D-orientated immediacy ...
Poltergeist descends into a paint-by-numbers haunted house horror that struggles to justify its existence .
Ignoring everything that made the 1982 ghost-horror classic so iconic , this remake merely feels like yet another Insidious movie ...
The Poltergeist remake is dull and almost entirely devoid of scares .
In the end the only overwhelming feeling which Poltergeist circa 2015 conjures is a strong desire to re-watch the original .
There is some nice visual invention here and the performances are pleasing -LRB- including Jared Harris as a ghostbuster TV personality who comes to the rescue -RRB- . But you wo n't lose any sleep over it .
Gil Kenan had the greatest of source material to work with when given this project and luckily for all of us , he knocks it out of the park .
It 's just that little bit sadder that proof exists indicating it could have been so much more .
It 's an exciting movie , a fun romp that 's well acted and nicely paced .
A disappointingly tame and unimaginative effort , which throws away much of what was best-loved about the original and fails to find worthy replacements .
Very tame , but saved from the remake scrapheap by Sam Rockwell 's surprisingly touching performance and a final reel that - briefly - takes the material somewhere new .
If there 's a case to be made for `` re-imagining '' classic cinema , Poltergeist is n't part of it .
This new spooky-house chiller never escapes the shadow of its predecessor , but it also pales next to the scores of subsequent movies - `` The Conjuring , '' `` Insidious , '' and `` Paranormal Activity '' - that already stripped the original `` Poltergeist '' for parts .
Leaving behind the youth-skewing perspectives of Monster House and City of Ember , director Gil Kenan not only delivers on the promise of Hooper 's Poltergeist , but significantly raises the stakes for similar PG-13 fare .
This has more in common with slick , audience-goosing modern spookers like ` Insidious ' than with Hooper & Spielberg 's imaginative original .
-LSB- A -RSB- professionally executed yet bloodless film ... an act of homage that hews reverently to its source material while missing the essential spirit and vitality that once powered it .

@highlight

Paying competent homage without adding anything of real value to the original Poltergeist , this remake proves just as ephemeral -LRB- but half as haunting -RRB- as its titular spirit .