There is much to be desired when it comes to the emotional impact of the screenplay itself , but Will Smith brings out the best in this Hollywood-ized exposé on the NFL .
Concussion is brave in its denunciation ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Unfortunately Smith 's performance lacks subtlety and depth , while the film starts strongly but then just seems to go on and on and on .
What a wasted opportunity .
Concussion is another film about actual events that would better be served by a documentary than a fictional adaptation .
Director-writer Peter Landesman could have done more to give this drama more depth , but fortunately , his leading man compensates by dialling up the emotions and driving the movie forward .
Do n't let the sports theme deter you from this intense drama . It 's compelling viewing from start to finish .
It 's not particularly dramatic or even fascinating to watch .
I walked out of this movie unsatisfied , wanting to know more .
Unfortunately , the film fumbles the ball , retreating back to sentiment and sanctimony , with a lot of sweeping strings and lofty speeches about what it means to be American .
Concussion does to the sports film what I was sincerely hoping it would avoid : it dramatizes its subject in such an unbelievable way that it becomes nothing more than mindless propaganda .
Even Smith 's solid performance can not salvage this dullfest , and when someone as charismatic as Will Smith ca n't inject energy into a film , you know it 's bad .
Will Smith shows measured charisma , but Peter Landesmans awards-season drama is too formula-baked to generate the required head of steam .
Much like the character he plays , Will Smith is a force to be reckoned with . And watching him science the NFL into a corner ? Not a bad way , it turns out , to spend a couple hours .
The film is never less than watchable , and thanks to the collective efforts of Smith , Morse , Baldwin and Brooks it 's oftentimes more than that .
The story is just so extraordinary that you ca n't help but be drawn in , and it is the kind of film you should see at least once .
All the elements of a solid drama are here , yet in trying to overplay every single one of them Landesman winds up diminishing the whole , reaching for importance but coming away with a handful of adequacy .
Built on a solid performance by Will Smith
Peter Landesman strains to make Omalu 's battles feel just and epic in scale , but the drama feels as doughy and shapeless as an athlete too long out of training .
Concussion outwardly appears to be a sports drama about brain injury but it is actually a hagiography of Dr Omalu , and this weakens it .
Even as ` Concussion ' clouds the hard-core problem with soft side issues , it is a best step so far in the right direction .
It is a little too earnest , too conventional , and too caught up in its own display of integrity .
As good as Smith 's performance is , this feels like a fumble .
A crusading whistleblower movie , not too far from -LRB- though slightly inferior to -RRB- ` The Insider , ' both an actor 's showcase and a vehicle for creating restrained goosebumps .
Although `` Concussion '' goes light on Roger Goodell and -LSB- his stooges -RSB- , enough jabs land to make it a passable indictment .
The fact that this movie exists at all is astounding , but the quality of the filmmaking never quite lives up to the caliber of the subject .
Concussion is clever in the way that it criticises the NFL , a central part of American culture , and yet ... upholds the American dream of hard work being rewarded by success .
Intriguing and thought-provoking , Concussion works , but thanks to its safe approach , it never really resonates as the important or a must-see film that it could have been .
I 'm not sure I would ever forbid a son of mine to play football . But I would definitely insist he see Concussion before strapping on those pads .
Told in fits and starts , the film does convey a fair bit of information , but it never clarifies what needs to be done about the continuing danger .
The script also knows how to pull back when sentimentality threatens . The film 's salutary ending shows just how it 's done .
To see Will Smith seriously acting is refreshing , he should try it more often . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The film is worth for two reasons : its theme and its main actor . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Will Smith 's performance is solid , but Concussion 's plodding , procedural nature turns the drama into a bit of a do-gooder dirge .
The NFL may well feel gratified that the movie is as vague and weak as it is .
Smith 's quietly tough performance gives Concussion its heart .
Omalu 's dedication to his profession and his struggle to make himself heard and understood make for an inspirational story , and Landesman effectively lays out the facts and invites the audience to judge both Omalu and his opponents .
In terms of leading some discourse about the safety of America 's most popular sport , at least ` Concussion ' is in the stadium . But Concussion does n't really enter the game .
Smith still does a fine job of communicating the stubborn resilience of Omalu , an admirably unapologetic whistleblower so committed to the CTE cause he paid for his lifesaving research out of his own pocket .
Viewers , and not just retired footballers , can all too easily forget what the movie 's even about .
Concussion takes a serious subject - brain damage caused to professional American football players , and the collusion of the medical establishment in covering it up - and renders it in full-bore , crashing-bore , Oscar-courting prestige drama mode .
The science shines brightest in this confronting true story that brings shocking new meaning to the phrase ` contact sport ' .
Relying in no small part on Smith 's reliably first-rate performance , Concussion is a thoughtful and interesting story neglectfully executed .
Tthe events depicted are fascinating but feel inconclusive , so it 's easy to leave feeling a little unfulfilled at the close of play .
Feels like an outline spun by an ambitious Hollywood executive rather than anything resembling real life .
It 's become all too easy for heavyweights like the NFL to forget the essence of sport : win or lose , it 's just a game but one which can physically and mentally scar the real people who play them .
I am a sucker for cause films that champion right against might , but even allowing for that bias , I can recommend Concussion as engaging cinematic grit
The expose of brain damage risks to footballers is powerful stuff , but the film never flies , due to a messy screenplay that loses its focus and awkwardly interweaves an immigrant love story into the mix
An Oscar vehicle for Will Smith that much like his Nigerian accent , does n't quite work . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There are some very dubious dramatic devices deployed in this inspired-by-true-events issue movie exploring the link between head trauma and mental illness in American football .
Gripping , highly topical entertainment .
Will Smith embodies virtue and gritty determination as compassionate pathologist Dr Bennet Omalu in the true-life drama Concussion .
Smith 's performance is his best in years , an oasis of intelligent calm amid writer-director Peter Landesman 's soapy melodrama , characterised by James Newton Howard 's never knowingly understated score .
Concussion is a clumsy drama for its resistance to address deep into the issue it sets . -LSB- Full Review in spanish -RSB-
Somehow Landesman turns a compelling true-life story into a drama that simply does n't ring true .
There are flashes of what made the story interesting in the first place , not so much in the David v Goliath aspect of Omalu 's work but in his fascinating approach to forensics .
It is a passionate outsider-film driven by Smith 's considerable acting power .
The suspicion lingers that this story might have been better told in a documentary than in a dramatic feature . The film also pulls its punches at times .
Smith takes on Omalu 's Nigerian accent and too-perfect grammar with confidence , as this man with eight university degrees and an iron respect for science finds his research being crushed by the dollar-rolling might of the NFL machine -- and even the FBI .
Smith 's performance is shallow , conceited and bland .
A middle-of-the-road drama populated by stock characters .
-LSB- Has -RSB- an uneasy , jingoistic tone ...
Will Smith gives a great performance . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In spite of the problems in the script , this is a movie with an interesting and important subject . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If you think about it , Concussion has a killer comic cast , and it 's probably why this manly melodrama narrowly escapes Landesman 's heavy hand . The cast curls the edge of tragedy just enough to let us feel the human condition in all its screwed up wonder .
The film is respectable to the point of stuffiness . Even Will Smith 's effortless movie-star charisma ca n't enliven his saintly character .
Concussion is essentially Erin Brockovich with shoulder pads , a crowd pleaser built upon an issue long ignored .
Will Smith makes a comeback in this tour de force we had n't seem from him since The Pursuit of Happiness . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It is n't a terrible movie , it 's just exactly the sort of movie you 'd expect from Hollywood , a platitudinous and reductive lesson that 's too polite and simplistic to engage . But that 's not Will Smith 's fault .
works very well , first drawing us into Omalu 's pursuit of understanding ... and then into his fight to get the NFL to recognize his research and stop covering up the dangers of professional football .
Football is the villain in earnest but predictable drama .
Smith 's talent and presence holds true ... familiar tale loses a bit of its dramatic punch ...
Even though the premise is really important from a scientific and social point of view , Landesman wastes a lot of time in a subplot about the main character and his wife . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An effective drama that 's never shy about the issue it deals with in spite of what the NFL or the disrtibutor might 've have . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Saint Will Smith -LRB- see also : ` The Pursuit of Happyness , ' ` Seven Pounds ' -RRB- returns to suffer stoically , forgive those who know not what they do and otherwise ennoble the world with his sensitivity and acuity .
Smith is outstanding as he tackles what might be his one of his trickiest , juiciest roles -- a crusading underdog with a potentially life-saving message that falls on mostly deaf ears .
It is n't the best film of the year , but it is the most important .
not just a solid , intelligent film about a dedicated doctor , but also a case study in the still precarious position of the whistle-blower in contemporary society .
A story absolutely worth telling , boasted by a half-dozen strong performances . Its ultimate failure is in the filmmaking itself . -LRB- Fox 29 Philly -RRB-
Smith gives a fine lead performance , peeling away his usual affectations to expose his natural charm , but Omalu never becomes a fully developed character .
The movie murmurs , when it - and others - should be shouting .
Smith is very good , Albert Brooks as Omalu 's coroner mentor brings the dry film some much-needed humor , and Alec Baldwin is solid as the former team doctor with guilt driving his support of Omalu .
After a good start , the second half tries to make a strong case for the film 's agenda - but what it really needs is a strong character .
`` Concussion '' gives audiences some sobering things to ponder .
It 's a cautionary tale that should make those driving the NFL moneymaker take pause more than they already have .
A zealous Christian and gifted pathologist takes on the NFL over player safety .
`` Concussion '' is a good investigative story that forced change in a business that , for many years , has owned Sundays .
Concussion may have no target audience .
Will Smith is on a charm offensive in this role .
The story is pitched in a traditional movie genre most likely to connect to viewers who have been inured to these acceptable methods of studio storytelling .
Will Smith 's fantastic performance deserves a better movie .
Landesman comes out swinging , telling the tragic story of Pittsburgh 's beloved center , Iron Mike Webster -LRB- an always terrific David Morse -RRB- ... Then he pulls back the knife when he should be going for the jugular .
In most respects , this plays like a well-tailored TV movie of the week , the sort that hits every expected narrative beat just before the fadeout to commercial .
If Concussion had tackled DeflateGate , it would have made Tom Brady kick kittens before every snap .
Inspiring and wonderfully acted , Concussion 's embrace of spirituality and science , and its coincidental pro-immigration message makes all the more powerful the story of one man against a corporate monolith
a slow , boring movie devoid of pace.The callous NFL need n't worry about this film not only because it takes pains not to lay a glove on them , but because it is so unentertaining ... acting honors go to Albert Brooks who keeps the film alive , barely .
What can be said about Concussion outside that it 's Will Smith 's best performance in years ? Too bad it 's for a movie mostly plays it safe and is n't as thrilling or biting as it aspires to be .
Concussion is n't a great biopic but it tells a great story - thanks to stirring subject matter and a quality performance from Will Smith .
If you 're a devout pro football fan , you may not watch games quite the same way after viewing `` Concussion '' . And if you 're a casual fan , you should be justifiably angry at the cavalier attitude of the NFL towards this very serious problem .
Gives us the same satisfaction we get from cheering the do-gooders in Spotlight or Trumbo .
Concussion possesses neither courage nor conviction .
Will Smith in an Oscar-caliber performance in what turns out to be an engaging and engrossing film . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
... features some powerfully infuriating moments but lacks significant insight beyond what most football fans already know .
A melodramatic but compelling enough lab-coat drama about football players and the pathological implications of too many blows to their heads ...
Just in time for the NFL playoffs , here comes `` Concussion , '' a movie that will hopefully give many serious pause about our nation 's most popular sport .
While `` Concussion '' has some fine things going for it , notably science and Will Smith , it lacks the exciting , committed filmmaking that rises to the level of its outrageous topic .
` Concussion ' may make you think twice about letting your child participate in football . It also may change the way you view the professional gladiators who , it now seems , put their lives at risk to entertain and thrill us .
By vilifying the league so much instead of saluting the man who brought attention to the endemic , it fails to spark the discussion its filmmaker so desperately intended .
Concussion 's dramatic core is solid and its unwillingness to sugarcoat the NFL 's tactics is likely to raise some eyebrows .
`` Concussion '' muted in its approach .
`` Concussion '' takes the NFL to task and retains all of the startling revelations that rocked the biggest and most lucrative sport in the world .
In football terms , it 's a fumble .
Smith Excels in Football Drama
Landesman has pushed too hard to make this story fit into a dramatic mold , alternating melodrama and romance with those earnest warnings in a way that is more ungainly than effective .
This is a pretty intriguing idea for a film , certainly , and could n't be more of the moment . But `` Concussion '' is an interesting story uninterestingly told .
Writer-director Peter Landesman often gets stuck in the soft stuff in between hitting the NFL hard ...
As Omalu , Smith gives an emotional performance , bolstered by capable supporting players .
`` Concussion '' is a decent but uneven film . Writer/director Peter Landesman focuses on Omalu 's personal life more than a thriller requires .
Smith , with a convincing African accent and without his usual stylish cool , is in top form , reminding us he 's an actor in addition to a huge movie star .
Based on an important ... story , but could have used a better game plan to tell it ... an earnest , well-meaning combination of character study , medical procedural and corporate thriller that rarely rises above the standard of conventional TV docudrama .
Part whistleblower biopic , part corporate horror thriller , Concussion navigates that socio-economic minefield on screen when exposing big business malfeasance . Under an economic system where profit supersedes the health and even lives of everyone else .
The NFL is a moneymaking monster , America 's game . What Concussion effectively asks us to consider is this : How many ruined lives will it take to make a change ?
An overly earnest drama that looks out of place in 2015 in more ways than one .
In the midst of an ongoing debate , Concussion takes a side , but it 's not bullheaded , nor is it fearful . Like the best films of its genre , it knows veracity is the best defense .
Smith 's performance , in which he resists the urge to go over the top , and the subject matter make `` Concussion '' an interesting movie , but not the urgent one it could have been .
Landesman has a weakness for pointedly stirring speeches , and a few scenes trip over themselves . But there is something gutsy and affecting about the movie .
Despite its faults , Smith 's excellent execution and Concussion on the whole will hit home in the hearts and especially minds of the audience .
Mostly pretty effective agitprop drama , but with an unfortunate tendency toward speech-making and a rushed -- and overly melodramatic -- conclusion .
-LSB- Concussion is -RSB- a film that 's full of half measures . Landesman sets the story up as a whistleblowing tale of righteous indignation , but never follows through ; he wants to condemn the NFL , but wraps things up by admitting , `` Boy , football sure is fun . ''
Will Smith gives an ingratiating performance as the comically egotistical but passionately idealistic doctor , and there 's strong work from Alec Baldwin as a former NFL physician counseling Omalu and the ever-reliable David Morse as Webster .
At once compelling , compassionate and impossible to ignore .
If Concussion had focused on Omalu 's tireless efforts to expose CTE to the world , it would have been a powerful film . As it stands , it 's just second-string .
With the mounting evidence and increasing concern of the potential hazards of playing football , the National Football League has much to be concerned about . The new film Concussion is n't one of them .
Sometimes a good story is enough , and `` Concussion '' is one of those cases .
If you 're being honest with yourself , you 'll feel Concussion , and it will and should be painful .
Everything here is roughly that plodding , managing to make what actually should be a life-and-death issue into something with all the nuance and depth of a Law and Order courtroom capper .
The film captures the essence of how an unlikely scientist forced a monumental shift in the NFL culture . `` Concussion '' gains just enough ground to score .
Smith 's polished , selfless performance carries this film , a disappointment as far as heroic underdog dramas go . But still effective as a reminder of the high principles we profess to the world , and how crushing it should be when our institutions sell out .
The great strength of Concussion is its star 's performance .
There 's a smarter , sharper film trapped inside what becomes a movie-of-the-week , and not even Smith 's commitment to emotional firepower can save a feature that eventually gives in to its worst instincts .
The biggest problem with Concussion is that it takes the less interesting approach to a fascinating subject .
Landesman seems uncertain if he should serve character or procedure , and ultimately does justice to neither .
Will Smith 's performance as Omalu is lovely : small-scaled , precise , imbued with righteousness but not tritely pious .
Solemn , straight-forward , plodding-paced procedural that 's surprisingly ineffective , given the topic and Will Smith 's superb , understated portrayal .
Despite the rumors , the gossip , the stolen emails describing NFL `` involvement '' in this film , the story - and the stinging end titles - do not let that organization off the hook .
Concussion is n't angry enough for a polemic , and it is n't interesting enough to be an uplifting Hollywood message movie , which means it 's just competent enough to fail on two separate , parallel fronts .
When I left the theater , it was with a renewed sense of what one dignified man can achieve when given a chance in a great nation .
If Omalu seems impossibly naive in spots , Smith still conveys the right air of injured innocence : Why wo n't anyone listen ?
-LSB- Concussion -RSB- is anchored by a sensitive , understated performance by Will Smith as the real-life forensic pathologist who earned the NFL 's animosity for shining a torch on the problem in Pittsburgh , home of the revered Steelers .
Even though the NFL is shown as being uncaring , there 's a deeper story here about racism and post-9 / 11 America clinging to its Sunday traditions that 's barely explored .
`` The human brain sits in a fluid , '' -LSB- Omalu -RSB- says , shaking the jar so the brain inside smacks alarmingly against the glass ... Contrived and dramatic , this moment is typical of Concussion 's tendency to overstatement .
If -LSB- Concussion -RSB- serves any purpose at all , it 's as a reminder that Will Smith is an A-grade movie star , even in C-grade material .
The film goes slack when its screws most need to tighten . Luckily , Smith - flawless in accent and commitment to Omalu 's worthy cause as the NFL 's worst nightmare - grips you from first to last .
The film is sober , honest and serious about an important subject .
Concussion is a film without an audience .
Is this a film about brain trauma or a Will Smith vehicle ? It ca n't be both .
While the discussion it has kicked up is worthwhile and Omalu deserves all the credit he can get , a Google search on his life and struggles may prove more entertaining .
Damning
Will Smith is excellent , and the story absolutely drives home the point that the NFL is perfectly willing to sacrifice the health and well-being of the very players who line its executives ' pockets .
This is the rare film that can be enormously entertaining but also make a real difference .
The story itself is powerful enough to give Concussion its punch . It 's not a feel-good movie , but it is a redemptive and hopeful one .
-LSB- Director Peter Landesman -RSB- does n't color much outside the lines of conventional drama . But his straightforward telling actually serves the strong cast and taut script -- and a story that would be deemed too outrageous to believe if it was n't true .
The league itself emerges as the truly scary bogeyman in this movie -- which , it 's safe to say , plenty of mothers and fathers will view as a horror flick .
A quietly horrifying , solidly entertaining medical procedural that makes no bones about the terrible damage American football causes to its players .
Concussion aims to be Brian 's Song and ends up The Waterboy .
Concussion is thoughtful but workmanlike , and not quite up to a full exploration of the issues it raises .
Though overly melodramatic at times and absent the full details of the toll CTE really takes , Concussion is at its best when operating as an underdog story .
Concussion is more a field goal than a touchdown - Landesman walks away with points , but there 's a larger score left on the field .
The story is interesting and potentially thrilling : imagine a forensic version of The Insider , with corporate interests pushing back against a heroic truth-teller . But Landesman delivers the least compelling version imaginable .
Make no mistake , Concussion is a marvelous Will Smith vehicle , one that he 'll undoubtedly get to drive for the duration of awards season , possibility all the way to the Oscars on Sunday , February 28th .
Concussion plays Omalu 's compelling work as your by-the-numbers lone crusader story , which is effective right up to the point when a bristling Smith barks , `` Tell the truth ! ''
Concussion is a sobering , sometimes infuriating look at one doctor 's discovery of chronic traumatic encephalopathy -LRB- CTE -RRB- , and his crusade to tell the country its favored game was causing the deaths of many a former hero .
This story deserves a movie that allows for complex ideas , not just a blanket of corruption and a definitive statement of danger .
Will Smith is excellent as Omalu , portraying him as a man who has studied life more than lived it .
Saccharine romance aside , this biopic is a hard-hitting broadside against the brutality of football .
Despite its sometimes mechanical approach , Concussion is anchored by Will Smith 's star performance and the matter at hand .
Every NFL fan should see Concussion
The film is not soft on the NFL at all . The way NFL doctors themselves put money above people speaks for itself .
More effective as heartfelt agit prop than visceral drama .
If you are a fan of Smith , this is certainly worth checking out for a bargain matinee , but it wo n't stay with you for a very long time .
A lack of pace and illuminating insight are what keep `` Concussion '' from lasting resonance , its flaws threatening to dull the issue for drama in a way that the NFL could only appreciate .
For all of its Hollywood hokum , though , Concussion is still a valuable indictment of cultural complacency .
` Concussion ' moves the ball , but is as subtle as a blow to the head
A compelling drama anchored by a great lead performance
The tacky and loose means by which the platitudinous screenplay dances around what ails the story 's football players is just one cog in a whirligig of pat representations .
A harrowing subject for a film , then , but somehow Landesman - who also wrote the screenplay - never manages to turn it into a gripping movie .
Settling into a role that calls for the best parts of Smith 's charisma , which he has demonstrated effortlessly throughout his career , he handles it with an equally emotional heft that garners most of the film 's best moments .
At its core , Concussion is about the disillusionment of an uncommonly idealistic American immigrant .
Dreary and dramatically inept ... the film is pure Oscar bait , complete with a cornball monologue delivered by star Will Smith about what makes America great .
Fueled by a quietly morally outraged performance by Will Smith , this muckraking film can be conventional in its execution , but the story itself is plainly affecting .
Peter Landesman 's drama pulls no punches in its critique of the NFL , but a cliched , confused script lets the film down .
As projects take longer and longer to come to fruition and as studios grow more cautious , it 's rare to find a truly timely , topical drama . Concussion is one of the exceptions .

@highlight

Concussion lands a solid , well-acted hit on its impressively timely subject matter , even if its traditional sports drama structure is a little too safe to deserve a full-on dance in the end zone .