Softly goes to the heart of its working-class survivors as just so much mush .
Lighter than the usual Ken Loach feature , Looking for Eric marks a departure of sorts for the solemn director , but ultimately , it 's a minor work .
-LSB- A -RSB- well-meaning misfire .
Whimsical tale of two Erics is a winner .
A conventional and entirely dishonest turn of events ... undermine -LSB- s -RSB- everything that has come before in Looking for Eric .
Loachov `` cinema verite '' stil , prema kojemu prosječni reality izgleda namjeten , predstavljat će popriličnu novinu za obične gledatelje
The film feels a little slow at times , but its characters always seem real , and the final scene is genuinely heartwarming ...
Looking for Eric would be a whole lot better if it never found Eric .
In a rousing change of pace , England 's master of dramatized poverty , marginalization and despair dabbles in comedy , fantasy , soccer and wish-fulfillment , with charming , audience-pleasing results .
An unpersuasive exercise in what might be called kitchen-sink magic realism ...
A magical realist comedy that flirts uncomfortably with serious drama at times , the film sees its veteran director fouling due to an unsure grip on his material .
The motley crew of buddies , played by a passel of Manchester stand-up comedians , is a distinctive and amusing lot , and Evets does a great job in the lead
There 's some smart and sweet material -- in particular , some story elements and character-driven moments -- that would probably appeal to a wider audience if only Loach and screenwriter Paul Laverty had toned things down in respect to the dialogue .
A wistful tale about a sad sack who is counseled by an imaginary friend , a soccer superstar . Not so much `` A Beautiful Mind '' as it is Woody Allen 's `` Play it again , Sam '' .
However well-intentioned , this is one of the talented but variable Loach 's weaker efforts .
Loach strains hard for fun in Looking for Eric , but he 's like a jokester who does n't know how to tell a joke .
-LSB- It -RSB- has its charms , particularly in its climax , but itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s definitely outside of Loachâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s socially-conscious , neorealist wheelhouse , and thereâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s a tentative , groping quality to the film .
Looking for Eric emerges as a portrait of a world and a way of life .
In Loach 's hands , it has a measure of dignity and it works beautifully .
Delicious cinematography and a story so real you will be in Manchester shuffling about delivering those letters . Football legend Eric Cantona adds little but the archival footage of `` King Eric '' can not be denied .
Looking for Eric is a pleasant surprise -- somehow both ambitious and easygoing , funny and worrisome .
At times it falls flat , or fails to rise . More often than not , though , it 's a heartbreaker .
Cantona , whose five-year run with United ended with his unexpected retirement in 1997 , plays himself with a self-deprecating charm that is hard to resist , and Evets , a hardscrabble actor who 's knocked around for years , is unforgettable ...
A slight departure from Loach 's usual well-observed kitchen-sink , semi-documentary dramas , the film is a bit elusive at first , featuring an off-putting conceptual oddity . But it recovers about halfway through when the characters and story win you over .
Beginning in grim kitchen-sink territory , the movie gets lighter and goofier as it goes , and if it 's a bit of a mess , it 's also a pick-me-up that suggests how hard and how rewarding it can be to set a life back on course .
Cantona , big and bearded , is a genial Gallic guru . It 's hard not to be swayed by his optimism , his sagacity , his generosity . And the optimism and generosity of Loach 's film .
Returns Loach to the heights of Riff-Raff and Raining Stones , winning stories of working-class life whose politics were integrated rather than smeared on top .
-LSB- A -RSB- brooding , uneven , but ultimately satisfying venture into levity , Loach style .
Loach ca n't resolve this picture 's contradictory impulses , but he has made the most entertaining sports film in a while . And I did n't know Cantona from a can of gray English peas .
Ken Loach 's earthy gloom sees some sunshine for a change
Ken Loach has come up with an upbeat story about a man who is at his wits end with life .
A tender , wise and uplifting tragicomedy that 's concurrently funny , gritty , heartfelt and , above all , honest .
And the film 's riotous climax deftly turns grim social realism into action-slapstick revenge farce . Not something Mr. Loach has tried before , and something he turns out to do rather well .
A tribute to the power of friendship to help pull us through crises and problems which are often too hard to handle ourselves .
satisfyingly sweet and painful , only to lose direction and momentum later .
A mashup of Nick Hornby and Martin Scorsese ? Why not ?
Loach is trying to be jaunty here , and every once in a while his efforts pay off .
Television actor Steve Evets portrays Eric with a tremendous amount of empathy and he is able to evoke the audience 's sympathy very quickly with just a look .
... has been described as ` minor Loach , ' and that 's just a damned shame . Loach is treating the same serious subjects he always has with a humorous approach that shows growth , not levity , in what may be his most accessible film to date .
A wispy little comedy that uses fantasy to gloss over even the darkest and most intractable problems .
Though certainly well intended and with a pleasant enough spirit , it lacks anything in the way of urgency , usually the defining trait of a Ken Loach movie .
It 's a kitchen sink full of dirty dishes that do n't match .
It 's sweet , with lots of carpe diem talk , but it 'll probably help if you have sports posters on your wall -LRB- and can translate a thick Mancunian accent -RRB- .
Loach has not shown such empathy since Kes , his 1970 film about a boy 's relationship to a falcon .
It 's about low-rent failures who survive by finding optimism through humor and friendship . It 's uneven , but its optimistic message -- lost causes can find strength through friendship and bonding -- is contagious .
Looking for Eric foregrounds the sharp humor found in even his grimmest tales . It may be the most accessible movie of his career .
Ken Loach worms beneath sooty surroundings to examine the dreamy undercurrent of idealism that facilitates conflict in his Thatcher-ized milieu .
The social realist team of Paul Laverty and Ken Loach -LRB- `` The Wind That Shakes the Barley '' -RRB- spike this midlife crisis with a welcome dose of magical realism .
Capable of lifting even the stoniest heart .
Ken Loach again glorifies the working class in his most commercial film to date .
Warm-hearted and humorous .
It 's not a total 180 -- there is still working-class despair , and a fair share of violence , some of it related to football and guns . But it leaves you with a smile on your face , for the right reasons .
If it is ultimately a bit on the shallow side , that conclusion does n't seem to matter much at the end of the film 's frequently hilarious 116 minutes .
When the whistle blows on this rather unlikely Ken Loach film , they 'll be plenty of cheers at the result , but also a sense that it 's been a bit of an inconsistent game !
The result is the closest he has ever come to making a beautiful film .
Ken Loach 's latest film , starring football star Eric Cantona , is funny , tender , surprising and very wise .
Loach looks like he 's having fun here -LRB- and it 's contagious -RRB- , weaving a comic thread of magic realism into an otherwise familiar study of working-class characters struggling to pull together .
It would be unthinkable for Britain 's Ken Loach to make a film without some social purpose , but at 72 , he 's made the funniest film of his long career .
Despite strong performances , this is , in the end , minor Loach .
Looking For Eric is a film of three halves , each almost a genre unto itself .
A far more upbeat film from usually gritty director Ken Loach , which uses soccer star Eric Cantona in effectively comedic ways .
A life-affirming film whose gritty exterior hides an undercoat of silky humour and an unexpected soft heart , Looking for Eric marries harsh reality with a sprinkling of fantasy in the down to earth way at which Ken Loach excels
Loach has created the first real grim-meets-feelgood film . It offers guilt-free fun and laughs for football and Loach fans alike .
Looking for Eric is likely to be as popular a film as Loach has made since he began working in 1964 . They may even have to adjust the old cliché : it only takes 45 years to score a goal , Ken .
Looking For Eric is a British film that lifts the spirits and might even bring a tear to the eye . Loach has scored a winner .
Funny , touching and cheerfully unlikely in every sense , this ranks among the great British filmmaker 's most enjoyable films .
It 's got all the heart and humour of a mainstream comedy-drama , with none of the tedious predictability .
It 's a wonderfully surreal yarn which nonetheless stays rooted in the gritty real world as typically seen by Loach .
Call it Looking For Box Office : king of gritty social realism Loach has made a wonderful feel-good hit .
Looking For Eric is his most entertaining film yet , a feelgood , footy-mad gem that takes spectators through several rounds of anguish to a cheer-inducing finale of hope and glory .
With less of the grit but still plenty of the earthy humour Loach is renowned for , this walks the indie / commercial line with assurance .
One of Loach 's most entertaining , uplifting films .
Looking For Eric is not so much a game of two halves as a chaotic kickabout , in which the rules of the game keep changing . It will score with some people but , I confess , I was looking for more .
A big-hearted , earthy and highly amusing comedy , it 's compassionate , feelgood fare of the very first order .
The thoroughly charming , amusing and insightful Looking For Eric is a complete pleasure ... a Ken Loach film brimming with wit and wisdom , interspersed with classic archive moments of Cantona magic .
Play It Again , Eric ... Ken Loach perfectly captures the feeling of football and the need for hope . Touching and hilarious - a blinder .
Something conjured from the high , fey ethers of wish-fulfilment whimsy .
Laverty has a proven track record as a grim social realist ; he is less assured as a comic fantasist ; and he is absolutely hopeless when he tries to combine the two .
A bit like The Full Monty with football , this is finally an art house film by and for ` the people ' that ` the people ' might actually want to see .
There 's no doubting that Looking for Eric is a lively piece of entertainment . It is always satisfying to see an arch-realist testing his certainties , even reaching from time to time , as Loach does here , into the joyfully fantastical .
An enjoyable , well directed drama with strong performances from a superb cast . It 's also quite possibly Ken Loach 's most upbeat movie to date .
An unusually warm , funny and slightly surreal drama about a man rediscovering himself . Even a rather overwrought plot ca n't undermine the engaging characters and insightful observations .
Like all great football films , Looking For Eric is n't really about football . Instead , it uses the Beautiful Game as a way to tell a beautiful story , about loyalty , trust , and friendship .
Cantona 's self-mocking performance , like the movie , is a winner .
If you are a fan of Cantona this could be your new favourite film .
Beneath the raw surfaces of this movie there 's a sentimentalism that does n't strike true . Do adult mates put themselves out the way they do here ?
This is endearing , crowd-pleasing fare .
Looking for Eric is scathing about the erosion of communal values and the violent , selfish mess of inner-city life .
This is the nearest he will ever get to a feelgood movie , and may well become one of his most successful .
Loach crams a few films into this unique title and manages to pull them into one crowd-pleaser by the end .
`` Looking for Eric '' should connect with moviegoers who enjoy clever comic writing with a touch of fantasy plus fans of any sport that has legendary heroes . It looks set to be Loach 's biggest mainstream hit .
As in many of Laverty 's scripts , problems of overall tone and character development are n't solved by Loach 's easygoing direction , though when it works , `` Eric '' has many incidental pleasures .
The film 's triumph lies in the two relationships at its heart : the unlikely rapport between the two Erics , little and big , which is unusual , amusing and affecting .
Looking For Eric is n't a Loach masterpiece , but it 's great fun and is set fair to be his first commercial smash since Kes . No one would begrudge him a well-earned box-office hit from such an amiable film .
Looking For Eric is a great piece of feel-good British cinema .




@highlight

Ken Loach 's latest is an uplifting , entertaining and amusing socio-drama featuring a match-winning performance from Eric Cantona .