Solid , straightforward but immaculately researched , Chuck Workmans documentary is a fitting tribute to the maverick Welles . If he were alive today , hed surely raise a glass .
Magician is a good primer for those who are unfamiliar with Welles , while functioning as a greatest-hits reel for students of the man .
Magician certainly makes you want to watch all of Welles 's films again , including the ones that we ca n't , which means it probably accomplishes its goals .
I 'm sad to report that at a mere 1 hour and 34 minutes Magician is rushed and sometimes choppy , leaping through Welles 's bountiful life .
What Workman has assembled is the kind of film Welles would have been happy to part of . It 's a unique , warm and fair portrait of a man who was both genius and joke and well aware of it .
I 'm a pretty big Welles geek , so I enjoyed the experience anyway ... but I ca n't imagine this will enlighten anyone who just wanders in off the street .
As a primer for newcomers to the Orson Welles universe , the superficial Magician : The Astonishing Life and Work of Orson Welles does its job well .
As fascinated as it is by Welles ' ascent , his unfair decline and lifelong battles to have his visions realized , it never really offers any insight on his actual work .
Despite the firm timeline , it has a scrappy feel , as though Workman was uncertain how to corral all the information and he underplays the most crucial aspect that sets a filmed documentary above a written one - emotion .
An entertaining , but hardly radical , primer on Hollywood 's first real auteur ...
Excerpts from unfinished films offer glimpses of what might have been , while Welles in discussion remains an unsurpassed raconteur .
Stuffed with fascinating details about the stage , radio and screen achievements of the wunderkind who never quite fulfilled his potential .
-LSB- Magician -RSB- has an inelegant , cobbled-together feel that does n't do justice to its subject .
This film makes a valuable and stimulating case for brilliant Welles movies such as Chimes at Midnight and The Trial .
A passible Welles hagiography which offers very little that you could n't easily find in an Encyclopedia .
If you 're a budding film student or a newly-minted cineaste looking for a quick and easy brush-up on the all-time great American director , Magician will serve perfectly well .
If director Chuck Workman maps a familiar rise and fall of rule-breaking brilliance it is vindicated by the great raconteur and in-depth praise from an impressive roster .
Magician , like Welles ' least loved works , ends up as a great bunch of moments with no clear through-line .
It 's an adequate introduction to the man , although the Looney Tunes score sometimes rankles . But it never really breaks any new ground in the Welles myth .
`` Magician '' is a brisk documentary that dismantles many Welles myths , some of them by the great man himself - as he tells the same story three different ways in different interviews .
Magician is able to function as an instant cinema studies course on the director .
Workman has done a service in making a broadly accessible history of Welles that stands a chance of drawing younger generations of film buffs , like moths , to ` the master `` s flame .
Workman manages to hold your attention , but wanes on lasting impressions .
Workman clearly reveres Welles , but he 's never reverent .
A dutiful but slightly dull celebration of the multitalented impresario ...
For newcomers eager to learn more about this all-time great filmmaker , it 's a good place to start .
If you have more time and want to get into Welles on your own , an afternoon watching YouTube videos followed by a few evenings of watching his best movies might be even better .
A brisk , thoroughly entertaining overview of a life and career that film buffs already know by heart .
It 's a fine introduction , if a bit slight for fans craving new insights .
For all of its , um , workmanlike assembly , Magician : The Astonishing Life and Work of Orson Welles is textbook . And given its charismatic subject , that 's a real shame .
Anyone expecting a bracing vision about Orson Welles ' life 's work or a critique of that output will be disappointed .
Whatever its shortcomings , `` Magician '' accomplishes quite a bit as a corrective , and it also gives one an hour and a half in the company of Orson Welles .
A completely straightforward , wholly cookie cutter primer on an iconoclast who forged new forms of art . Does that make it unnecessary ? Not at all .
If one has a need for another documentary on Orson Welles - there are already several on DVDs of his films - montage master Chuck Workman 's footage-filled movie will ably fit the bill .
If this documentary is swift and witty , that 's in part because it relies heavily on clips of Orson Welles talking . And oh , how Welles could talk ...
Lush-looking film clips energize this biographical profile of cinema 's great enfant terrible , even if fresh insights remain elusive .
Workman has made a brisk , entertaining film , but there 's material for whole documentaries in any given five-minute stretch of Magician .
... an absorbing , riveting look at a complex man who has become a Hollywood legend .
Workman 's movie is low on new or lasting insight . It even pads with moments from more recent biopics -LRB- `` RKO 281 , '' `` Me and Orson Welles '' -RRB- , and often leaves interview excerpts - from the living and the long-deceased - feeling too abbreviated .
Welles was many things and `` Magician : The Astonishing Life and Work of Orson Welles '' brings most of them together to form a many-faceted picture of a complicated man .
To a Welles aficionado the doc may seem like well-trod ground . But there 's real power in the way Workman -LRB- also the sole credited editor -RRB- cuts all the material fleetly and acutely together .
While little here will be news to cineastes , the mix of interviews and archival footage ... should engage fans while providing a fine introduction for those whose knowledge does n't stretch beyond recognizing the words `` Citizen Kane . ''
Magician adopts a lively , energetic approach in the worthy service of engaging the interest of viewers perhaps unfamiliar with Welles ' life and work .
Assembled with flair , Magician : The Astonishing Life And Work Of Orson Welles is a lively and entertaining documentary that positively swings with informative forward momentum .
How could anybody with ears and a brain resist that buttery voice , spinning out clause-laden sentences that take more twists and turns than the streets of Venice but always end , somehow , in a place that 's ravishingly articulate ?
Like one of those machines that can inhale a car and spit out a tidy cube of squashed components , `` Magician : The Astonishing Life and Work of Orson Welles '' is a near-indigestible lump of clips and quips and snipped opinions .
This valuable documentary is the easiest , and in some cases only , way to appreciate the work of one of the medium 's most accomplished artists .
Director Chuck Workman 's simply compiles Welles 's greatest moments , offering little in the way of an authorial point of view .

@highlight

It may not quite live up to the superlative in its title , but Magician : The Astonishing Life and Work of Orson Welles serves as a passable primer for those seeking an introduction to the legendary filmmaker .