Overall , this is a fun movie in a fun series . They definitely left the door open for a fourth movie and I 'll definitely go see it when it comes out .
If they would have just chosen one or two plots and expanded on them , they could have been interesting stories , but because they have so many going on at one time everything becomes a missed opportunity .
The family dynamic , while interesting , also fell flat too ... this movie tries to do so much , and that 's the trouble .
Perhaps the film is not harmless , since if you go , we may then get a Despicable Me 4 -LRB- set up , of course , at the end of this one -RRB- , and that is a sobering thought , indeed .
How much you enjoy Despicable Me 3 may depend on how much you like Gru 's ` minions ' -- those capsule-shaped little guys in blue overalls that speak in their own gibberish language .
To me , this franchise seems tired . An overly complicated plot seems to waste time while we wait for the inevitable showdown between Gru and the supervillain , former child TV star , Bratt . But the characters are still solid .
Despicable Me 3 does n't reinvent the franchise , but proves there 's plenty of fun and wackiness left and more than enough creativity left for future installments .
Those pill-shaped minions and their amusingly grumpy leader Gru will just never be as fresh and funny as they were in their 2010 debut Despicable Me .
Trey Parker was perfect casting for Balthazar . It 's also unmistakably him , channeling his work on the near twenty-year running animated series South Park
... a humorous feast at the height of its predecessor ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The third chapter in Gru 's saga chose not to follow the franchise 's predecessors , instead resorting to the current company model : noisy , colorful animation light on heart .
One of the most entertaining animated film series ever , `` Despicable Me 3 '' continues the Illumination Entertainment tradition of turning out top-notch films that the whole family can enjoy .
The Despicable Me series palpably runs out of steam with this repetitive and somewhat tedious entry ...
Though not as endearing as the first film or funny as the second , Despicable 3 achieves what it sets out to - entertain the kids .
Parents of younger children need at least one animated banker to get them through the looming summer holidays , and Despicable Me 3 is about as safe a bet as a desperate dad on a rainy afternoon could hope for .
The elements that made it shine are still there , but now as a simple formula and in a mechanical way , it 's not surprising at any time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- I -RSB- wanted to reach up to the screen and switch Bratt off .
The series is sliding with fewer interesting characters and less compelling family dynamics .
Despicable Me 3 is thoroughly delightful , clever , and dear .
The humor very much starts and stops at `` the '80s happened '' .
It 's more of the same , and lovingly done . After all , why upset a billion-dollar-a-film franchise ?
The only problem is that when the Minions or Gru do n't appear , there are n't many sparks on the screen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An average outing for this franchise that 's wearing thin .
I never thought I 'd complain about a Despicable Me movie having too much plot .
Another saga that has become boring and continues squeezing out all the money possible with a view to continue to survive . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Directors Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda wo n't win the franchise any new fans here , but it should be enough to keep the old ones firmly on board . For now .
This gag-laden kids ' animation is bright , breezy and does n't hang about .
This suitably giddy addition maintains high standards of juvenile silliness while still providing the requisite cheeky winks for mums and dads too .
I have no wish to see any more movies featuring the Minions but I 'd make an exception for a crossover project in which they were pitted against the Brood for a fight to the death .
Directors Kyle Balda and Pierre Coffin , who previously helmed 2015 's stand-alone Minions movie , use a flimsily constructed sub-plot .
It 's very colorful and dynamic , maybe even fun at times , but it feels like a loose and purposeless exercise . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gru and his mischievous Minions strike again in this silly , innocuous sequel , leading audiences to expect more in the future .
-LSB- Despicable Me 3 -RSB- eschews forced wholesomeness and delivers a truckload of dumb fun -- which , in an age when even witless entertainments like The Mummy arrive swollen with pomposity , is a minor miracle .
Despicable Me 3 is fine for getting laughs from its target audience - kids under 10 - but Illumination has to try harder if it wants to stay on top of the Animation game .
Despicable Me 3 surprised me . Three movies in , the franchise still works , and works well .
The thinking here has no art to it at all .
From the fantastic opening to a climatic finale and returning characters -LRB- one temporarily written out in a slyly apt way -RRB- to new all singing all dancing creations -LRB- literally -RRB- , Despicable Me 3 is a heck of a lot of family -LRB- and fan -RRB- pleasing fun .
The real strength of the films is the writing and animation , which manage to provide laughs for all age levels from slapstick to sly pop culture references .
Exists only to sell out .
Despicable Me 3 's tender moments are often drowned out by everything else its filmmakers want to smash into its 90 or so minutes .
The story is all over the place-to the point where there 's really no story at all .
Three parallel stories of which two are an extraordinary amusement and the other , a predictable ode to foolishness . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I suppose you could say `` Despicable Me 3 '' is a victim of the precedent set by the other films in the franchise , as this movie is n't really bad as much as it is disappointing .
90 minutes straight of the sort of overstimulation kids of the Attention-Deficit Generation crave !
You 'd think franchise fatigue might start to set in by now . Nope . The movie is just as satisfying as its predecessors .
Watching Agnes is like emptying five packets of Space Dust into your mouth : guaranteed to induce tingles .
It 's all extremely silly , nicely animated , and with just enough funny one-liners ... to entertain grown-ups as well as children .
It feels a lot less focused that the first two films but it 's big-hearted and consistently amusing .
It 's all a bit sickly , but there are some fun set pieces involving little Agnes 's earnest search for a unicorn , `` heist music '' -LRB- Michael Jackson 's Bad -RRB- and some super-sticky , self-inflating bubblegum .
The third entry arrives in no better shape than either the second movie or its spinoff , `` Minions . ''
Despicable Me 3 sees the Minions have their own subplot yet again , while all of the time spent with Gru feels like filler .
A constantly ka-chinging cash register disguised as a major motion picture , the utterly banal and utterly boring Despicable Me 3 is largely the animated equivalent of the current Transformers : The Last Knight .
Even if a whole feature film of Minions was a bit too much of a good thing , having them back in a choice supporting role is just the right tonic .
It 's not as if the Despicable franchise has run out of steam ; indeed , steam is all it has .
To much of brothers Gru and Dru and the Bratt villain and not enough minions . It 's the minions that make the franchise fun and worth seeing .
Despicable Me 3 is easily the least interesting film in the trilogy , the fact all involved are having such difficulty coming up with many original ideas speaking volumes .
The kids are going anyway . And if they bring you , the parent , along , I suggest you sit back , enjoy the old school and let them have their moment .
The fun and charm of the familiar humor and feel-good moments still have n't worn off , though the end is surely in sight .
This film reflects that its filmmakers only see in the smaller spectators a product not worth of quality plots . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gru and his minions are back and while the dark magic of the first film is n't matched , there is still fuel in the tank and enough joyful mayhem to keep you entertained .
Trey Parker steals the film as supervillain Balthazar Bratt . He will dance battle you into liking Despicable Me 3 .
Despicable Me 3 presents the best villain of the saga , but is lost in scattered and disconnected subplots . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Despicable Me 3 is the kind of movie that will get laughs in the moment , but will be forgotten as soon as the next big screen spectacle arrives to take its place .
Steve Carell doubles your fun in Despicable Me 3 - voicing feuding twin bros. . Carell is the life of the party and the main reason this animated blast of slapstick silliness packs appeal beyond the PG crowd .
If only they had utilized the very talented Parker better and told an interesting story .
The Despicable Me franchise always thrived on lowered expectations , and they serve Gru and his brood well enough here to make this last outing a pleasant one .
It depends on who you ask . But make no mistake , a film with a climactic `` dance fight '' set to Madonna 's `` Into the Groove '' ca n't be all bad .
An entertainment that goes by fast and does n't leave you with the feeling of having wasted your time or money . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's pretty and sweet , but there 's little inside .
Weakly amiable and perfunctorily pleasant , like an old episode of ` Full House ' -LRB- OK , it 's not that dumb -RRB- .
Just when it looked as if those goofy , bumbling Minions had lost their appeal , writers Cinco Paul and Ken Daurio have come up with just enough inspired silliness to merit another installment .
It 's so jam-packed with gags that the movie leaves the audience feeling a little bewildered along the way , since we never get a chance to lock into either the story or characters before we 're off for another manic set-piece . But it 's a lot of fun .
It was only a matter of time before this animated series became more despicable than not . `` Despicable Me 3 '' is sadly a discouraging , hollow sequel that 's hard to love .
It probably wo n't restore your faith in studio animation . But it may make you laugh .
To call Despicable Me 3 desperate would be to ascribe too much effort and passion to the thing . Ice Age : Collision Course , now : There was a properly desperate sequel .
Turns out the movie is a bit of a snooze when those yellow guys are n't on screen .
90 minutes of mostly uninspired vapidity that appears to be ticking the correct Despicable boxes .
Despite some amusing sight gags and one-liners , the screenplay is uninspired and mostly reliant on old tricks .
Gru , Lucy , and the girls are back for Despicable Me 3 , which uses '80s nostalgia for fun and musical action sequences . But the movie feels slighter than its predecessors .
Think of it , in terms of quality , as The Good , The Bad and The Ugly of the Despicable Me films .
It 's a perfectly reasonable option for a family movie outing and is n't so bad that adults will cringe .
`` Threequel '' has more action , strong sibling relationships .
Feels like three different ideas patched together and played out in disconnected skits .
... Undeniably charming , although not especially ambitious in storytelling , animation or emotional stakes . But sometimes you just want a summer movie that 'll make you laugh .
Enough of the material works that the end result is enjoyable enough to earn a slight recommendation . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Crude Humor , Cartoon Nudity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
By the midpoint , the movie , which is directed by three different people - franchise regular Pierre Coffin gets help from Éric Guillon and Kyle Balda - is dragging badly .
`` Despicable Me 3 '' has some laughs , but not enough to prop up what feels like a flagging franchise .
There are a mix of many ideas , none fully realized , so what the heck ? Just toss 'em all in there , see what sticks .
There 's little reason to invest in these subplots , and they become too significant a distraction from Gru 's reunion with ... his brother .
There 's a sense of tired obligation to Despicable Me 3 , which runs barely 90 minutes and throws together a handful of haphazard storylines .
It 's a classic -- reminding all of us of the importance of cherishing those we love -- Minions definitely included !
As it turns out , `` Despicable Me 3 '' is the best of the franchise .
My son walked out of Despicable Me 3 declaring that he just had `` the best day ever . '' That does n't speak to quality but instead to how appealing the movie 's elements are for audiences under the age of 10 .
The problem with making the title character into a happily married good guy is that he is not despicable any more . He is therefore much less interesting than the villain .
Why resist , frankly ? This is our truth now . We might as well resign ourselves to it . Long live the Minions . Tulaliloo ti amo . Bi-do . Banana .
Delivering a sugar rush of gadgets , giddiness and gibberish , Despicable 3 is literally all over the place . But somehow the three co-directors manage to pull the threads together to make daft sense of it all .
All in all , it 's despicable glee from start to finish .
As is well known , nostalgia sells , and in this film the urge to resort to it was n't strong enough , fortunately they use in the right amount . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Perhaps the minions are the secret reason why the saga is so successful , although here they have nothing to do because their boss it 's unemployed . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The young Easts had a fun 90 minutes watching it , so I 'm not going to argue with that too much .
The proceedings are also buoyed by such franchise mainstays as the endearing sweetness of Gru 's relationship with his three adopted daughters and the mildly European aesthetic that helps distinguish these films from their peers .
Sooner or later , it was bound to happen that the Minion movies would run low on smart inventiveness and genuine emotions by substituting quantity for quality .
A middling offering at best , it 's time to retire Agent Gru and let him get on with domesticity . Who knows what skeletons might turn up in his garden plot ?
While the first movie was , as noted , at its core rather charming , for Despicable Me , the third time definitely is n't the charm .
My son was absolutely overjoyed with Despicable Me 3 , so I guess its target audience wo n't be disappointed .
Although much better than the Minions spin off , with this third film the animated saga already begins to show a certain feeling of fatigue . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Here 's some Despicable Me math : third movie plus Gru times two plus one new supervillain = not much of anything .
Close to unendurable .
` Despicable Me 3 ' is not as good as the first two franchise movies , but that is usually expected as sequels basically follow a reverse Darwinian curve - devolving instead of evolving .
Gru and his followers are separated into two films ; Their parallel paths unite without narrative cohesion towards the end of the story in an absurd and disorderly denouement . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Running on fumes , dependent on the good will viewers might bring from their recollection of its predecessors .
Taken at face value , Despicable Me 3 offers undemanding fun for all the family , which zips along and delivers more than it 's fair share of laughs .
Thanks to the charming nature of the characters and their genuine good heartedness , Despicable Me 3 manages to be an entertaining enough film to feel like a decent continuation of the previous two chapters .
Not the freshest formula , you say ? Perhaps , but it 's hard to argue with success .
It has all the necessary ingredients to sweep the box office during the summer recess : villains , heroes , antiheroes , lots of music , minions and more minions . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Whatever the mood , you 'll find yourself in a better one after watching Despicable Me 3 .
Flags whenever the Minions or antagonist Balthazar Bratt -LRB- Trey Parker -RRB- are n't at the center of the action .
What shines through is the visual wit and innate sweetness of the storytelling , and Carell 's cackling , cueball-skulled misanthrope ...
I think the genius of these scripts has always been that while they look like candy-coloured explosions of inventiveness and cartoon villainy , they are actually founded on a rock solid core of emotional truth .
Despicable Me 3 relies on its familiar formula while adding just enough of something new to make it all work .
`` Despicable Me 3 '' disappoints , if only mildly , not because it 's bad , but because it only aspires to be good enough .
The Minions have proved they ca n't headline a movie , yet they pretty much carry this one . How do they do it ?
There 's enough there to make young children and dullards laugh . But when all you 've got comedically is the occasional flash of bare Minion booties , you 've got problems .
After all , what are these films if not reasonable diversions ? They 're also thunderously profitable diversions , but at least they 're harmless .
Has so little on its mind other than presumably making hundreds of millions of dollars that you half expect the ticket sellers to hand out copies of Comcast 's latest earnings report along with the 3-D glasses .
The three directors juggle all the jokery with craft , cleverness and a finger on the pulse of spry spy satire , and the movie even spoofs itself .
One gets the sinking feeling that the ideas are starting to slowly run out . When Despicable Me 4 arrives a few years hence , let 's hope it 's regained a bit of that unicorn magic .
Whenever the dialogue goes flat , look for a cut to Gru 's Minions , randomly but amusingly jamming to everything from jailhouse rock to Gilbert & Sullivan .
Does the sight of a mulleted figure in shoulder pads blasting away his foes with a weaponized keytar sound mildly amusing ? Congratulations , you 'll be able to sit through this .
The latest animated `` Despicable Me '' outing shows signs of wear even as its energy level escalates .
The third film is more like a series of different vignettes more intent on introducing new characters than capitalizing on what made the first two movies work .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- random in the extreme in structure but it is also wildly inventive , full of visual and verbal gags , and very good natured too . The energy levels never dip and each new set-piece turns out to even more bizarre and original than its predecessor .
Despicable Me 3 hits a supervillain high with Balthazar Bratt , but also a franchise low as far as Gru and Dru 's brotherly reunion is concerned .
A restless movie that gets distracted as easily as the Minions themselves .
Though not as hilarious as the Minions movie -- except for a gleeful Minions jailbreak sequence -- there are plenty of laugh-out-loud moments in this wacky and good-hearted but not saccharine comedy .
If all this wackiness is only occasionally laugh-out-loud funny -- the '80s references feel particularly played out -- it 's nonetheless executed with good-natured breeziness .
Explain again why this madcap franchise is a cultural phenomenon worth a zillion dollars ?
What 's frustrating about Despicable Me 3 is that all of the elements are in place to do something fun and unique , but no one is making the effort .
In the end ... the movie 's superior craftsmanship ca n't overcome its aura of joylessness . It feels like a set-up to yet another sequel - which is no doubt on the drawing board - not a film that stands confidently on its own .
Despicable Me 3 offers enough in the way of zany , irreverent entertainment -LRB- with a dose of heart -RRB- to please steadfast fans of the franchise .
There 's way too much going on , and the divide of the original focus of the franchise and the Minions stuff has gotten deep .
What keeps the movie watchable , for the most part , are the one-off flourishes built around incidental characters ...
Gru and crew test new family bonds in an '80s - crazy adventure that 's a hair too slick , yet still a fine showcase for Steve Carell .
It 's the Minions to the rescue in `` Despicable Me 3 . ''
Despicable Me 3 doubles down on Steve Carell 's silly way with words , a smart idea after too much Minions gibberish spoiled part 2 . They 're still here , in smaller doses and somewhat funnier for it .
It 's thin , but it 's witty and constantly entertaining .
The finest installment yet in the series , valuing ridiculousness , pace , and wisely bringing in Trey Parker to energize the picture as Gru 's latest nemesis .
Utterly out of ideas .
There are no memorable gags or action set-pieces , just a lot of flying about and yelling .
the best family film of the summer movie season
Whether it 's the tiresome use of 1980s pop songs on the soundtrack or the endless gibberish of the Minions , this sequel makes a lot of noise without delivering much heart or humor .
The whole thing might as well all be written in Minions chatter . It 's wacky , but somehow dull .
The whiz-bang joy of the first film is wholly absent , and `` Despicable Me 3 '' limps along for nearly an hour before finding its footing -LRB- and , also , maybe an actual unicorn -RRB- .
Forgettable in just about every way .
The third Despicable Me film chronologically is also the third-best in terms of quality . But it has just enough energy and flashes of inspiration to suggest it 's a franchise that could run and run .
Consistently funny , with the kind of well-orchestrated slapstick moments where you can actually feel the stick slap .
Candy-coloured , only fleetingly sentimental and with an embarrassment of mischievous energy , it 's a bit like mainlining sugar .
It 's poorly made , tired , insultingly simplistic , and a real waste of the talented people who are involved with it .
Despicable Me 3 will certainly keep the younger elements of its audience happy , with its dose of aspartame-rush hyperactivity . But for everyone else it may prove decent rather than captivating .
`` Despicable Me 3 '' feels a bit like a rebuilding episode , introducing new characters and clearly setting us up for the inevitable `` Despicable Me 4 . '' But it 's still low-pressure fun .
A joyful third episode for Gru and his minions , which promises much for the future of the series .
It 's fine . But it 's fine the way another so-so episode of a beloved TV show you watch religiously is fine . It 's depressing that it 's only fine , because it shows a once-inspired series is finally low on gas .
Despicable Me 3 marks the low point of a series now in desperate need of new ideas .
I have been a fan of Despicable Me from the outset and this third outing , directed by Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda , does n't let the side down .
Fun is the driver of this energetic , inventive and absurd animation that is as charming as it is quirky .
Minions might struggle to carry an entire movie -LRB- as their self-titled 2015 spin-off confirmed -RRB- , but the googly-eyed little guys steal every one of their scenes in this workman-like three-quel .
The film is chockfull of colourful and hugely enjoyable sight gags . The key element missing from what is unlikely to be the final part in the multi-billion dollar franchise is an emotional core .
Have we seen better animated films ? Without a doubt , yes . Have we seen a better film in the same franchise ? Definitely . But that does n't take away from the fact that this too is 1.5 hours of silly fun with a filling of marshmallowy niceness .
Three movies in and this series has settled on a nice mix of breezy tone , funny gags and sweet moments .
This rather clever , breakneck-paced cartoon gives fans exactly what they want : Like the new nemesis voiced by Trey Parker , it shoots mulitple machine-gun bursts of bubblegum at the audience , asking them to chew and enjoy .
It was never going to be as sharp as the original Despicable Me , but even after eight years , there 's still plenty here to like whether you 're five or fifty-five .
`` Despicable Me 3 '' is unwieldy , but it mostly works , as co-directors Pierre Coffin -LRB- who also voices the Minions -RRB- and Kyle Balda never lose sight of the film 's emotional center , packing the rest with as much humor as they can manage .
A winningly amusing and action-packed pre-credits sequence is the first of several indications that Despicable Me 3 will go close to matching the original in its ability to engage , excite and delight .
Despicable Me 3 marks the point that TV shows typically get to around season seven , when the writers have run out of viable plot lines and have to fill the void with desperate , random invention .
With its combination of Pixar 's heart , Looney Toon 's zany spirit , and strong characters to build upon with every new chapter , Despicable Me 3 just might be the best of the bunch yet .

@highlight

Despicable Me 3 should keep fans of the franchise consistently entertained with another round of colorful animation and zany -- albeit somewhat scattershot -- humor .